 the immortals children of the gods by m’tain a. dubois to my brother 's vinny buscema , scotty buscema and art flores . 
 thank you all for the encouragement and love you showed , this book is for you guys , i love you all . 
 m’tain copyright 2013 by m’tain a. dubois smashwords edition this book is a work of fiction . 
 any resemblance to persons either living or deceased is purely coincidental . 
 names , places , characters and incidents are products of the authors ' imagination or are used fictitiously . 
 the author holds the rights to this work . 
 it is illegal to reproduce this novel without written expressed consent from the author himself . 
 chapter 1 his shallow breathes seems loud in the silence of the surrounding woods where he 's hiding on the edge of the town . 
 his breath also steams slightly from the chill in the air but he ca n't decide if it 's from the cold of the night or the light rain falling gently all around him . 
 through the rain the area looks almost tranquil , serene even , but he knows better than to believe the lie his eyes see . 
 the many buildings scattered in front of him are quiet at three in the morning -lrb- for the most part -rrb- but that does n't mean they 're empty in the least . 
 they should be empty the businesses usually are at night , for his sake he hopes and prays that they are . 
 vacant or not though , there 's no way around doing this tonight . 
 he needs the cash one way or another , tomorrow ragnar will demand the so called protection money from him and the others , and right now kol does n't have it , he 's seen what happens to the kids that do n't pay . 
 in fact he 's felt it and he has no desire to join that group again , most of them end up in the hospital , but every once in a while a few of the unlucky ones end up in the grave . 
 `` there 's nothing like being pushed around by a bully . '' 
 he thinks . 
 `` i 'm a demigod son of loki and what does that mean ? 
 absolutely squat , because unfortunately my powers have n't fully developed yet and even if they did no one likes loki or his children demigod or otherwise . 
 i 'm a good fighter and there are n't many people that can beat me , but ragnar is one of them , advantage of being a son of thor i suppose . 
 tell you the truth though even without our demigod abilities at full strength i 'm pretty much useless against him . '' 
 he looks down at his five foot eight body before slowly brushing back his black hair with his hand and allowing his yellow brown eyes to scan the area once again . 
 he 's pretty built although it could be better . 
 ragnar on the other hand is six foot one at fifteen years old with blond hair and blue eyes and he is built like the gods himself . 
 thinking back he remembers that he missed the payment last time and got his body beat so badly that he could n't walk for an entire week , not this time , if he 's right he 'll have enough money to pay his dues and leave this place to find his own way in the world at last . 
 kol 's dream is to become a hero , and although his father is n't the most popular among the people or the gods he is determined to be different . 
 `` so what if i 'm judged the moment anyone finds out who i am even more than other demigods . 
 i wo n't be like him , i will honor all of the gods and i will be a champion among the people . '' 
 he thinks . 
 focusing on his dream of the future for a moment he begins formulating a plan , he needs to get across the norse lands and to greece , he has heard that the demigods there are treated like kings . 
 `` even if that is n't true anywhere has got to be better than here . 
 fifteen years old i should already be living as a soldier or blacksmith or anything but a bum scrounging for money just to pay it to someone else . '' 
 he thinks . 
 `` speaking of which it 's about that time , this is as clear as the area is likely to get . '' 
 the building is on metal stilts raising the structure ten feet off of the ground giving it an eerie look in the forming mist of the night , it 's the best known bar in town as well as the roughest , only the bravest and most cut throat of vikings drink and fight at draug 's . 
 two nights ago during a fight one of the brawlers coin pouch fell behind two barrels of ale while kol looked on during one of his missions to find food for himself and since the man ended up dead kol doubted he 'd be missing it . 
 hopefully no one else had found it , assuming his luck holds he 'll be in and out before anyone even knows he was there . 
 the young demigod known as kol looks around the area one last time anxiously ; although he complains about the city of skaalholt where he was left to be raised he still ca n't help but love the beauty of the landscape all around the city . 
 as for the city itself , it is strong and safe built to handle any attack . 
 the city is the height of building and perfection that he knows of , buildings tower over fifty feet in the air . 
 strong and beautiful wood walls frame each house covered in intricate designs telling the story of each family that resides within . 
 all roads lead to the castle that has metal framing -lrb- the first of its kind here -rrb- woven into the walls and doors making it a strong hold of unequaled proportion . 
 also , the height and size of the building towers looking like it could reach all the way to asgard . 
 the beautiful designs tell the story of the royal family and its divine right to rule given to them by odin himself and although he has heard of buildings putting even this marvel to shame , such amazing things are built in others lands that his heart aches to see them . 
 the massive forest surrounding the kingdom is as quiet as the city itself giving him pause for a moment as to what may be wrong , everything should not be this silent it never is , something is coming he can feel it . 
 he 's out of time , whether or not he has to go now . 
 steeling his nerves , he runs quickly towards the small fence line surrounding the bar and in a one fluid motion he flips over the five foot wood with ease landing in the courtyard of the bar . 
 without missing a beat he keeps running full force until he reaches the building sliding under the structure into the shadowy darkness . 
 making his way slowly to the edge of the building at the far end he constantly looks up staring through the cracks of the floor checking for any signs of life . 
 luckily everything looks completely clear with only a few candles burning for light causing shadows to dance across the bar . 
 the secret trap door that the bar owner had placed there was well hidden and kol was ready to use it once again . 
 `` here we go , father watch over me ... for once . '' 
 he grumbles . 
 a slight wind blows through the forest flowing straight into the town stopping underneath the bar in a small whirlwind for a moment giving kol hope that his father actually listened to him and might be watching over him for once . 
 with a deep breath he concentrates for a moment focusing all of his power and skill together , then in one quick motion it explodes as he jumps from the floor all the way to the trap door pushing it open as he sails through silently into the bar . 
 swiftly and without a sound he closes the trap door , he looks around the room scanning for any signs of life . 
 finally satisfied after a few minutes he is about to run over to the barrel where the man lost his coin purse but before he can make his move , something catches his attention out of the corner of his eye causing him to pause . 
 in less than a second kol disappears again melding into the shadows becoming invisible immediately , again he scans the bar reaching out with all of his senses looking for what it was that caught his attention . 
 he frowns unable to find the source until a sound from the far corner shatters the deafening silence . 
 with laser like focus he stares at the area straining to see into the darkness at the same moment he pulls a small knife from his pocket . 
 soundlessly kol watches a large man standing at least six foot six as he lumbers out of the shadows toward the nearest bar stool . 
 he 's not bad looking even though he is marred dozens of scars on his arms and face , typical of many norsemen . 
 his blond hair is falling into his face leaving only one of his icy blue eyes visible . 
 as he reaches the bar he uses his massive hands to brush the hair from his face reveling his other eye which is milky white from damage sporting a long scar down his cheek . 
 with a bothered grunt he reaches over the bar grabbing a bottle of whiskey nearest to him . 
 `` looks like i 'm out of luck , thanks for the help dad . '' 
 he thinks turning back toward the trap door slowly . 
 a breath before he reaches the trap door the main double doors to the bar flies open with a man standing calmly with his sword drawn . 
 `` bjorn , i thought you would have the sense to have left the town by now . '' 
 said the man with a laugh . 
 without turning around bjorn pours himself another shot before responding . 
 `` and why would i leave hervor ? '' 
 `` because your interference resulted in the death of mara . '' 
 he says flatly stepping a little closer . 
 `` which is why i 'm drinking my problems away , and so you know , this is a private party that you were n't invited to , now go away . '' 
 says bjorn slamming down his shot glass and turning to face the other man . 
 `` it 's a public place bjorn , there 's no law against me being here now is there ? '' 
 questions the man drawing closer with a treacherous smile . 
 `` are you so determined to meet the gods that you would dare stay here against my wishes ? '' 
 asks bjorn standing up and heading towards the man without drawing a weapon . 
 `` i will not meet hel today bjorn , but when you get there , tell her who it is that sent you to her realm for me , there will be no valhalla for you . '' 
 he says raising his sword for an attack . 
 before he can reach him the dim light of the room catches the blade of the dagger as it flies through the air flashing for a moment as it moves towards hervor with blinding speed . 
 vainly he tries to dodge but it 's futile as the blade finds a new home piercing hervor 's throat . 
 gaging on his blood he stumbles forward in a vain attempt to reach bjorn with one final swing of his sword . 
 bjorn tilts his head to the side more amused at the attempt then worried by it , with a smile he stays perfectly still as the sword cuts through the air slicing his face slightly leaving a red lash before hervor falls to the floor dead . 
 `` what will you do now little one ? '' 
 questions bjorn heading back towards the bar . 
 unsure what to say kol remains perfectly still and silent unable to do anything except watch . 
 `` i 've known you were here the whole time there 's no point in hiding still boy , but , that being said , do n't take that personally you are quite good at remaining silent . '' 
 hesitantly kol walks out of the shadows towards bjorn . 
 `` i think the question sir is what will you do now ? '' 
 `` simple , i 'm going to finish this bottle , in regards to you though ? 
 well that depends , what were your intentions in coming here ? '' 
 questions bjorn slamming another shot . 
 `` a man died here the other night , during the battle his coin purse dropped behind a barrel of ale , i came here to get it because i figured he would n't be missing it and for someone like me money is difficult to come by . '' 
 says kol honestly . 
 `` you 're right , he wo n't miss it . 
 by all means take it ; i have no use for it . '' 
 sighs bjorn returning to his drink . 
 uncertainly kol walks over the barrel trying to move it , after several tries two strong hands reach over him pulling the barrel away from the wall startling kol . 
 `` by the gods be quick young man . 
 you do n't want to be here in the next few minutes , several men are on their way to make sure that i have met my end . '' 
 quickly kol grabs the coin purse and heads back to the trap door in a panic . 
 `` thank you sir for your kindness , good luck . '' 
 `` the gods have not blessed me with luck in many , many year 's young man but thank you for the sentiment . '' 
 he says sitting back at the bar . 
 with a frown at the thought of this kind man in danger kol jumps back through the trap door landing on the ground quietly . 
 as he scans the area kol sees several men heading up the stairs to the door of the bar , unable to sate his curiosity of the situation he quietly watches and listens to find out what will happen next . 
 the sound of the door being kicked in meets his ears followed by the sounds of muffled voices talking back and forth , and then a second later the sounds of weapons clashing splits the night intermixed with the screams of would be warriors dying violently . 
 suddenly , as quickly as it began the confrontation ends , the sound of silence is deafening until suddenly bjorn drops through the trap door landing right next to kol with his sword drawn and the tip point just under his throat . 
 `` i thought i told you to leave . '' 
 he growls pushing the point into his throat a little drawing blood . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i had to know what would happen . '' 
 `` what is your name ? 
 i 'd like to know what name to say when i have the hands of death claim you . '' 
 `` my name is kol and i do n't fear you or death . '' 
 says kol quickly drawing a dagger and knocking away the sword . 
 with a smile bjorn attacks kol with blinding speed disarming him and placing the sword again at his throat . 
 `` you have talent boy , with the right training you could be great . 
 who are your parents ? '' 
 he questions sheathing his sword . 
 `` my father is loki , god of mischief . 
 but i know not who my mother is , she died when i was born . '' 
 he says rubbing the blood from his neck . 
 `` a demigod huh ? 
 no wonder you have some courage to you , i am surprised that you did n't use any of your powers on me though , may i assume that you have n't mastered them yet ? '' 
 questions bjorn heading out from the darkness of the building towards the forest with kol following in tow . 
 `` not yet . '' 
 he sighs `` can i ask who you are and why those men were after you ? '' 
 `` you can ask that does n't mean i 'll answer you , after all you should n't concern yourself with the world of men , at least not yet boy . '' 
 he says turning towards kol to look him in the eye . 
 `` i had hoped that maybe you would train me . '' 
 says kol angrily . 
 with a hearty laugh bjorn turns his back to him again heading into the forest . 
 `` i do n't train anyone or travel with anyone either , go home boy , my advice is to forget that you 're a demigod and forget about the life of a hero , it 's more trouble than it 's worth . 
 grow up get a normal job and life , marry and have babies . '' 
 `` i wo n't give up my dream . 
 i will be the greatest hero that the gods have ever seen . 
 i will make my grandfather proud . '' 
 he yells into the forest as bjorn disappears . 
 bjorn turns for a moment hidden in the shadows watching kol for a moment to see what he will do . 
 staring into the darkness of the forest kol kicks some dirt up in the direction bjorn went . 
 `` you 'll see , everyone will see . '' 
 `` indeed we will see boy . '' 
 says bjorn staring after kol as he walks away . 
 chapter 2 after the long night he had kol is still sleeping well into the day until he wakes up to the hurt of ragnar kicking him in the ribs over and over . 
 `` did you really think you could hide in here and not pay me what you owe maggot ? '' 
 questions ragnar stopping for a second to change from kicking to punching . 
 through all the hits kol tries to talk . 
 `` i have the money , i was n't trying to avoid you ragnar . 
 i just over slept ! '' 
 he yells . 
 stopping ragnar stands over him with a smile . 
 `` we 'll see boy , get up and get outside now or it 'll be double . '' 
 kol nods his head right away getting out of his bed in the hay of the run down barn , right after ragnar is gone he goes to his hiding place for the money getting just enough to pay ragnar for this week saving the rest to leave afterward , he had hoped he would have been able to leave before he had to pay but things did n't work out that way , no choice now but to pay . 
 outside of the run down building that has served as kol 's home for a long time is the fend known as ragnar and the usual group of homeless kids that he shakes down . 
 most of them are skin and bone barley alive from starvation and as far as he knows none of them are demigods except for him and ragnar . 
 `` ah here he is , the loser son of loki . 
 maybe i should give you another beating like my father does to yours all the time , what does everyone think ? '' 
 he questions pushing kol into the wall and sending a small amount of electricity through him . 
 `` rot in helheim ragnar . '' 
 says kol . 
 every one of the other children gasp wondering what will happen next knowing that no one ever talks back to ragnar . 
 `` what did you say boy ? '' 
 questions ragnar getting in kol 's face . 
 balling his fists kol stares at him straight in his eyes . 
 `` thor has always been known to be a great wise god , who is fair and just . 
 i bet he 's ashamed to call you son . '' 
 without a word ragnar starts beating the hell out of kol . 
 he tries his hardest to fight back but with ragnar 's powers he 's no match for him and soon he is on the floor bleeding all over . 
 `` that 's right , i like it when my girls bleed . 
 you know what i think you 're going to have to give me a little more than just the money this time . '' 
 he says grabbing his crouch . 
 defiantly kol spits at ragnar in answer . 
 `` we 'll see if you spit when i 'm done . '' 
 he laughs dragging kol by his hair back into the house and slamming the door closed behind them . 
 kol tries to crawl towards the door but before he can reach it ragnar laughs stomping on his back so he freezes in pain hoping that his back is n't broken . 
 licking his lips ragnar grabs kol 's pants pulling them down followed swiftly by his own but before he can do anything more kol rolls over onto his back lashing out punching ragnar with everything he has . 
 swiftly ragnar gets over his surprise kicking and punching kol again , then pulling a knife from his pants he gets ready to plunge it deeply into kol 's chest but before he can kol disappears reappearing at the far end of the room surprising them both . 
 regaining his composure kol stands staring at ragnar literally glowing with power and anger . 
 `` your time of hurting people has come to an end ragnar , your father will not save you and tonight you will sleep in hell . '' 
 says kol shooting daggers of magic at ragnar . 
 easily ragnar blocks each of the daggers with his knife stunning kol into complete silence . 
 with a laugh ragnar pulls up his pants glowing with power of his own . 
 `` did you really think you could defeat me punk ? 
 i am the son of thor ! 
 now i 'll cut you up and while you bleed to death i 'll have my way with you , then i will drag your dead body out of the house and make sure none of the others challenge me ever again . '' 
 `` no ragnar you wo n't . '' 
 smiles kol as a wooden board pierces ragnar 's back and exits his chest . 
 `` did you really think that i 'd just attack you from the front ? '' 
 he smiles watching him die slowly . 
 choking on his own blood ragnar finally stops moving as kol watches calmly as mixed feelings course through him , with a sigh of relief he walks over to the dead body checking his clothes for money . 
 after a few minutes he has all of the coin that ragnar had taken from the other kids outside . 
 he smiles as the thoughts of what he could do with that much money fill his head until suddenly he remembers the starving kids outside . 
 with a sigh he heads back outside to the starving kids . 
 `` ragnar will bother none of you anymore . '' 
 he says flatly beginning to hand out money to the others who take it gladly before running off . 
 `` what have you done kol ? '' 
 questions the last child named hagar . 
 `` do you know who ragnar worked for ? '' 
 kol had never thought about it before , all he had known was ragnar . 
 he never thought he might have worked for someone else , with a questioning look he glances over at hagar . 
 the poor boy was half starved and short for a norseman even at his age , he was only five foot four with brown hair and eyes to match , his face had just begun to produce hair but unfortunately it was only growing in patches making him look even more ridiculous . 
 `` who did he work for ? '' 
 questions kol . 
 `` he worked for his older brother calder . '' 
 kol had been on cloud nine until he heard that , now he had shivers running up and down his spine as fear crept back into his heart . 
 everyone had heard of calder and his gang of thugs , he was twenty five years old and was basically the older and uglier version of ragnar . 
 he held everyone in fear in the city of skaalholt including the king himself , everyone paid him money every month and those who did n't were never heard from again . 
 `` i did n't know calder was ragnar 's brother . '' 
 says kol suddenly feeling sick to his stomach as well . 
 `` that 's why ragnar was collecting from us , it was his bothers way of training him to join him eventually , when he finds out you killed ragnar he 'll have your head on a pike . '' 
 shakes hagar in fear looking around . 
 `` then i better leave now , thanks for the heads up . '' 
 says kol running towards the forest . 
 as he runs full speed kol suddenly stops hearing noise behind him , without breaking stride he flips into the air turning and landing facing the opposite direction with his dagger drawn . 
 to his surprise hagar is running up completely out of breath . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 questions kol angrily . 
 `` i want to come with you , there 's nothing for me here kol . 
 i yearn to see the world and find adventure , i promise i wo n't be a burden , i 'll carry my own weight and watch your back . '' 
 he answers bowing slightly . 
 `` get up fool , i 'm not your master . '' 
 he snaps . 
 `` i 'm not sure you coming with me is a good idea hagar , i would feel responsible for you and if anything happened to you i 'd feel bad , not to mention the gods would frown upon me more than they already do . '' 
 `` as of right now i resolve you of any and all responsibility for me ; if i die , i do so because of my own fault and say now that you can not be held responsible by the gods . '' 
 he replies . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 he pauses thinking about it . 
 `` i can watch out for you both . '' 
 come 's a familiar voice . 
 kol turns to see bjorn appearing from the forest . 
 `` i thought you said you did n't want me around , you told me to get a different life . '' 
 `` and it seems you ignored by advice , killing ragnar plunged you into this life whether you like it or not . 
 so now that you 've got no choice and are going on the road you and your friend may follow me as my apprentices , in exchange i will train and protect you both until such time as you are ready to go out on your own . '' 
 states bjorn happily . 
 `` what 's the catch ? '' 
 frowns kol skeptically . 
 `` who says there has to be a catch ? '' 
 laughs bjorn . 
 `` because when something sounds too good to be true in our world , it usually is . '' 
 answers hagar for them both . 
 `` i mean how do we know for sure you that you will keep your word and not sell us into slavery the first chance you get ? '' 
 without answering bjorn throws a dagger in between the two young men barley missing them both . 
 reacting to the threat kol pulls out his dagger ready to defend himself and hagar drops to the floor cowering in fear . 
 unfazed by the dagger bjorn calmly points to a spot behind them . 
 reluctantly , kol turns to see a young man lying face down in the dirt , on his right forearm is the tattoo of an eagle carrying an axe , the symbol of calder 's followers . 
 finally , hagar gets up off of the ground staring at the dead man along with kol in silence . 
 `` is that proof enough ? 
 if not , i believe kol can vouch for me , if i had wanted to kill him or enslave him i would have last night . '' 
 stares bjorn firmly . 
 hagar stares at kol in question , nodding his head for a moment kol looks at hagar meeting his gaze . 
 `` he 's right , had he wanted to he would have last night . 
 in fact , if he wanted to kill us or enslave us right now i 'm sure he could . '' 
 says kol somberly . 
 with a sigh hagar nods in agreement . 
 `` will you train both of us ? '' 
 `` of course i will son . '' 
 replies bjorn . 
 `` so , what is your decision ? '' 
 `` i accept . '' 
 bows kol for a moment . 
 `` as do i , can i ask you something though ? '' 
 queries hagar shyly . 
 `` by all means ask away , but let us begin our journey . 
 i 'm sure that more men will be arriving shortly to kill you that will complicate our journey . '' 
 as the three of them begin walking through the forest they all fall silent for a moment , kol looks over at hagar to find him staring intently at the ground . 
 `` well what did you want to ask him ? '' 
 questions kol impatiently . 
 shaking a little bit from kol startling him hagar looks sheepishly from kol to bjorn whose back is still to them walking silently . 
 `` i was wondering sir , i mean i 've never had a father and well you called me son earlier so if you did n't mind ... '' he begins with his voice trailing off . 
 kol looks at him stunned to be hearing this , and then stares back at bjorn curious at what he might say . 
 without turning bjorn coolly answers with a slight chuckle . 
 `` i do n't know about that boy , let me think about it for a bit alright ? '' 
 `` i understand sir . '' 
 he sniffs miserably beginning to cry a bit . 
 `` understand this child ! '' 
 barks bjorn , spinning on hagar . 
 `` i would never have a child so weak as to cry over something like that ! 
 you know what ? 
 yes , i 'll be your father because obviously you need someone to beat the weakness out of you . '' 
 hagar smiles . 
 `` oh thank you father i will ... '' before he can finish the back of bjorn 's hand connects with his face knocking him to the ground . 
 `` if i ever catch you crying over something like that again i 'll kill you myself , is that understood ? '' 
 he questions standing over him . 
 `` i ... i understand father . '' 
 he says rising to his feet dropping his head in shame . 
 grabbing his chin in his hand bjorn forces hagar 's face up to look into his eyes . 
 `` never feel shame son , a choice that ends in your defeat in anyway is no more than a life lesson you have learned from . 
 you understand it , learn from it and move on . 
 is that understood ? '' 
 `` yes father . '' 
 with a satisfied look on his face bjorn turns back around walking again . 
 `` and what about you kol ? '' 
 `` what about me bjorn ? 
 i have a father and no matter how absent from my life he has been i 'm not looking for another . '' 
 he says flatly . 
 `` excellent answer , you see son that is the kind of confidence i wish to instill in you . '' 
 `` yes father . '' 
 he whispers quietly . 
 `` now where shall we go ? '' 
 asks bjorn . 
 `` i am heading to greece one way or another ; if you have other plans then you can forget about our agreement right now . '' 
 answers kol . 
 laughing bjorn stops to look at them . 
 `` and why would you want to go there little one ? 
 our gods do n't even rule there , the olympians do , i 'm not sure your father would even answer your prayers there . '' 
 `` he does n't answer my prayers now and i do n't need my father to hear me anyway , all i need is for him and the other gods to see my deeds , besides to get there we have to travel a great distance , we can travel through our lands and many others to get to greece . 
 between here and there many dangers and adventures await us , many monsters and challenges we will face and with them we will become legends . '' 
 `` what say you son ? '' 
 bjorn questions as he looks to his new surrogate son . 
 `` let 's make history father . '' 
 `` then to greece it is and may the gods watch us and take stock of our deeds . '' 
 smiles bjorn . 
 the three of them begin jogging through forest excited about the adventure to come . 
 chapter 3 five men come to an abrupt stop standing over the dead body in the forest of the man who was after kol earlier inspecting it carefully . 
 `` what do you say ronith ? '' 
 calder questions while inspecting the body . 
 `` an expert throw sir , bulvi died quickly about five hours ago and the ones who killed him went that way . '' 
 he says pointing `` there are three of them the two young men we are after and an older man with them judging by their foot prints . '' 
 `` damn it ! 
 i want those kids found ! 
 i will catch them and kill them slowly and painfully for murdering my brother ! '' 
 yells calder causing it to thunder for a second with his powers . 
 `` why are we doing this calder ? 
 you did n't even like your brother . '' 
 says one of the other guys bugged at the situation . 
 calder turns on the man quickly and without a word to him a bolt of lightning shoots through the clear sky shocking the man so badly he flies into the tree behind him breaking his back instantly . 
 turning back to the other members of his group who are cowering in the back ground he yells . 
 `` it 's true , i hated him , but that does n't matter . 
 the insult of killing a member of my family must and will be answered with blood . 
 do any of you object to that ? '' 
 each of them shake their head violently in answer afraid of his wrath being turned on them . 
 `` good , now scald you will head back to the city and run daily operations for me in my absence , as soon as you reach the city send out messages to every city , i want a price on their heads , do not fail me ! 
 the rest of us will track these dead men until we 've caught them and i 've had my revenge , now ronith lead the way . '' 
 with ronith in the lead the four of them run deeper into the forest chasing after their targets . 
 the jog through the forest was very enjoyable until harig the wolf son of fenrir attacked them with his pack , harig was the size of a horse with jet black fur and red eyes that glowed in the dark and worked like spot lights . 
 his claws were the size of daggers and his tail was barbed at the end with needles that he could shoot . 
 standing back to back the trio has their weapons drawn waiting for impending attack . 
 `` why do n't you drop your weapons and welcome death ? 
 i promise we 'll make it quick , after all why put yourselves through the pain of a slow death ? '' 
 harig questions coming to the front of the pack facing them and showing his teeth . 
 `` forgive me if i do n't believe you nephew . '' 
 says kol facing harig with his dagger drawn . 
 with a growl harig tenses getting ready to pounce . 
 `` and who are you morsel ? '' 
 `` kol , son of loki . '' 
 snarls kol matching the growl . 
 `` and yes , i obviously know who you are . '' 
 with the equivalent of a wolf laugh harig takes a step forward to inspect kol closer . 
 `` a half breed huh , i remain unimpressed demigod family or not . '' 
 `` half breed ? 
 you 're one to talk dog , if you were a full god you 'd be in chains with your father . '' 
 says kol blasting harig backwards with an explosion of magic . 
 responding to the attack the pack closes in quickly on the trio before harig jumps to the front of the pack once again forcing them back with a snarl . 
 `` get back ! 
 i have not given the order to kill them ... yet . '' 
 he howls turning back towards kol `` i see you have your father 's powers , can you also freeze things i wonder ? '' 
 `` care to find out ? '' 
 questions kol taking a step closer to harig and putting the pack on guard . 
 `` you have courage ... uncle . '' 
 says harig backing away a little . 
 `` so what do you suggest happens now ? '' 
 `` i suggest that you allow us to pass through your forest , that or we all go at it and see who has more power , but remember no matter what happens it is on your head and odin does not approve of family betrayal . '' 
 looking at his pack for a moment harig gives them a wolfish smile . 
 `` well played kol , you have my permission to continue on through our forest but beware there are many more dangers in the forest aside from us . '' 
 before kol can answer another wolf comes bounding up to harig whispering in his ear . 
 `` it seems that the forest is full of surprises today , there seems to be four men tracking you slowly . '' 
 says harig happily . 
 `` have you not been playing well with others uncle ? '' 
 `` that would most likely be calder and his men , i killed his brother and apparently he is a little upset about it . '' 
 sighs kol . 
 `` looks like we 'll be eating good tonight . '' 
 howls harig followed by his pack . 
 `` i would be cautious harig , calder is a demigod son of thor . '' 
 `` so you killed his brother , your cousin ? 
 so much for honoring odin , eh uncle ? '' 
 `` he was trying to kill me , that is a different matter entirely . '' 
 answers kol crossly . 
 `` you do n't need to explain yourself to me , besides there is a big difference between my pack sparing you a direct child of my grandfather and sparing a son of thor , my family 's sworn enemy . 
 we will attack them and do our best to stop them . '' 
 `` we will be in your debt harig until we meet again . '' 
 says kol , returning his dagger to its sheath . 
 `` until then uncle . '' 
 growls harig bounding away with his pack close behind . 
 `` well done . '' 
 says bjorn grudgingly . 
 `` yeah no thanks to you , i thought you were going to protect us and train us on this journey , what exactly were you trying to teach us there . '' 
 snaps kol unable to control his temper . 
 `` as i remember it boy , you were the one who decided to speak to the wolves first , since you decided to try your hand at negotiations i was more than willing to sit back and let you be a grown up , had you failed i was completely ready to fight to the death protecting you both to the best of my abilities . '' 
 he says , matching kol 's tone . 
 coming back to his senses as his rage subsides a bit , kol is unable to meet their gazes . 
 `` i apologize . 
 i let my anger get the best of me . '' 
 `` i have been there myself , you must learn to control your emotions or they will be the end of you . 
 that is the lesson for today , what happened may have worked out but it could easily have gone the other way . '' 
 he smiles patting him on the back `` as for you hagar , you did well holding your ground without breaking down , for that i am proud of you . 
 once you are trained up you will be a fine warrior . '' 
 `` thank you father . '' 
 beams hagar . 
 `` the fact that we have people after us complicates things a bit , but that is all part of the life of a hero and a life of adventure . 
 either way we better get moving . '' 
 says bjorn turning and running full force followed closely by kol and hagar . 
 harig is running full speed back the way his scout came followed closely by his pack who are hungry for the kill . 
 he does n't care that this man calder is a son of thor , in fact in his view it will make it all the sweeter when he tears him apart . 
 `` we are close to where i found them the first time my lord . '' 
 pants a wolf running next to him . 
 sliding to a stop on the wet forest ground harig turns to face his pack that abruptly come to a stop in front of him . 
 looking around the forest the beauty of the place is lost on him , he ignores the sounds of the river moving swiftly miles away blocking it out gradually . 
 he ignores the green of the massive leaves and the smells of the grass , bushes and flowers . 
 little by little everything disappears , until the only sounds and smells he can detect is that of his prey moving swiftly through the forest . 
 his eyes shoot open and drool escapes his lips with a snarl . 
 `` this way , when we get to them separate the group quickly and remember the son of thor is mine . '' 
 the pack barks in understanding as they run faster and faster picking up the scent of their victims . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 questions ronith coming to a stop looking about . 
 `` i 'd say it 's our dinner . '' 
 laughs calder slightly out of breath . 
 `` everyone get ready , it sounds like a pack of wolves , do n't worry though they will be no match for me . '' 
 the others join in his laugh until a flash of fur comes from nowhere knocking calder far away from the others . 
 `` you 're as arrogant as your father . '' 
 sneers harig pacing back and forth in front of calder . 
 by this time his crew recovers from their surprise but it 's too late to come to the aid of their commander , the pack is there making short work of them , only ronith is holding his ground wounding several wolves giving pause to the others . 
 `` you 'll pay for that dog . '' 
 yells calder jumping back to his feet . 
 `` doubtful son of thor , say the proper prayers to your father because your own personal ragnarok is happening right now and you will be meeting him soon . '' 
 snarls harig . 
 `` your name whelp , or shall i guess it ? '' 
 `` does it matter ? 
 in the end i am your death but if you must know i am harig son of fenrir great grandson of loki , i hear you are looking for my uncle . 
 was there a little family dispute that did n't go your way ? '' 
 grimacing calder 's hands begin to glow a little humming with power as his anger grows . 
 `` your uncle ... '' he begins . 
 `` your cousin as well . '' 
 interrupts harig with a laugh . 
 `` your uncle killed my brother and he will die slowly and painfully . '' 
 `` if your brother was so weak he that he died at the hands of another then he deserved to die and if my uncle or you die battling with each other than the loser deserved to die as well . 
 such is the order of things and the way of life and the gods . '' 
 he growls . 
 `` but first you will have to get past me to do either meat sack . '' 
 `` i 'd love to . '' 
 he lashes out with his powers shocking the ground where harig was a second ago . 
 in a matter of seconds harig has him by the leg with his jaws locked and with a simple twist of his head throws calder against a nearby tree racking his body with pain . 
 he has to ignore the searing pain as he moves just in time dodging the next attack . 
 all around him the pack snaps and barks happily at the battle waiting for it to end , waiting to feed some more as the others finally finish off ronith . 
 `` ahhhh ! '' 
 yells calder shooting power out of his body in all directions knocking both harig and the pack backwards stunning them all . 
 `` you filthy little animal ! 
 did you really think you could beat me ? 
 i am the son of thor ! '' 
 he screams madly drawing his sword and walking up to harig who is still trying to get up , he blasts him again to make sure he ca n't fight back . 
 `` now you will die on your belly like the filthy useless dog you are . '' 
 `` you are sorely mistaken son of thor . '' 
 interrupts a cool evil voice from nowhere stopping him in his tracks . 
 calder turns and his jaw drops in surprise and fear as he sees loki leaning leisurely against a tree with the wolves bowing to him . 
 `` loki . '' 
 he stammers . 
 loki smiles towering over the group , he 's six foot four and his brown eyes twinkle with delight at the situation , his black hair slightly blows in the wind and his emerald green robe flows about him giving him a regal and dangerous look . 
 `` that would be lord loki to you child , just like your father i see , picking on those smaller than you , that i can not abide especially when it concerns my grandchild . '' 
 `` your son killed my brother and your grandchild here is protecting him , keeping me from delivering the justice he rightly deserves . '' 
 replies calder through gritting teeth . 
 `` it sounds to me like justice has already been served . '' 
 laughs loki magically lifting calder into the air and flipping him upside down . 
 lashing out calder shoots energy at loki but he easily bats it away , fire and fury literally burn in loki 's eyes as he stares at calder 's upside body . 
 `` you dare to attack a god ? '' 
 shouts loki slamming calder 's body into a tree close by several times in a row . 
 `` you mortals are all the same , arrogant and foolish enough to believe you have a chance in hell at defeating someone like me . 
 only a god could stand a chance against me and even then most would fail . '' 
 he laughs throwing him to the ground . 
 `` most might dear brother , but not i. '' erupts a strong voice splitting the sky followed by a flash of lightning and the appearance of another son of odin . 
 loki 's face flushes for a moment but quickly regains composer as he slowly turns to face his step brother . 
 `` dear step brother , i would have thought you too busy lifting weights or fooling women into loving you to come here , either way your presence in this matter is n't necessary . '' 
 `` but me thinks that it is loki , after all it is my son whom you are ... interrogating . '' 
 says thor eyeing his son . 
 at nearly seven feet tall with shock blond hair , penetrating blue/grey eyes and a body of pure perfection thor is beyond intimidating . 
 `` father loki 's son kol ... '' begins calder only to be cut off by thor . 
 `` quiet son , i am well aware of what took place between your brother and my nephew . 
 i am also well aware of what both you and your brother were doing to make a living ; i must say that i am sorely disappointed in you . 
 you have become little more than a bully forcing others to do your bidding , hardly the heroes i had hoped you would become the day you were both born . '' 
 `` exactly , so you see brother that this whole thing was your children 's fault . '' 
 smiles loki . 
 `` shall we list the evils that your children have and will do ? '' 
 questions thor angrily . 
 `` your children are far from innocent . '' 
 `` including kol ? '' 
 asks loki intently . 
 `` kol killed my son . '' 
 says thor flatly . 
 `` in self-defense , how many enemies have you killed defending yourself or the all father during the odin sleep . 
 should we then rightful assume that you too should be punished ? '' 
 smiles loki . 
 `` your words are always twisted and misleading but this once there is a ring of truth in them . 
 i have yet to decide what kind of person your demigod son will be . 
 until such time my son will not hunt him but he will face many trials to prove his worth on this journey he has under taken . '' 
 `` but father ! '' 
 yells calder . 
 holding up his hand for his son to remain silent thor continues . 
 `` that being said my son has a right to his vengeance ; although he will not pursue your child any longer he will in fact have the right to challenge him should they ever cross paths again . 
 calder you will head back to skaalholt , trust me my judgment . 
 one day in the not far off future kol will return . '' 
 shaking from his anger calder bows . 
 `` as you wish father . '' 
 calder begins heading back towards the city when all of a sudden harig leaps in front of him with a snarl . 
 `` we have unfinished business . '' 
 growls harig . 
 `` gladly . '' 
 smiles calder pulling out his sword . 
 unexpectedly a bolt of lightning flashes in between the two of them startling them so badly they jump backwards . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 yells thor floating in the air between them . 
 `` really must you be so dramatic ? '' 
 questions loki lazily leaning against a tree . 
 ignoring him thor continues . 
 `` there has been enough blood shed by our family this day . '' 
 `` this is n't over calder , your father may have saved you today but one day i will have you for my wolves . '' 
 says harig before bouncing off into the forest followed closely by his pack . 
 `` not if your head is on my wall ! '' 
 yells calder after him . 
 `` if there 's nothing else father i will take my leave . '' 
 `` be well my son and be good . '' 
 says thor eyeing him suspiciously . 
 with a forced bow calder runs off into the forest at top speed back towards the city . 
 `` i do n't want to be good father ; i want to be great , whether or not it 's the greatness you wish matters not to me . '' 
 he whispers under his breath . 
 `` how it must hurt and eat at you brother to have a child that is not noble and sappy like you , tell me , how does it make you feel to have a child who is a bully , thief and killer of the innocent ? '' 
 he laughs floating slightly in the air above thor . 
 `` he may yet prove himself . '' 
 sighs thor . 
 `` your blind faith is laughable , or is it ignorance because you are unwilling to see him for what he is ? 
 do n't bother answering , either way i will enjoy watching what will happen to him when finally he has crossed the wrong person . 
 in fact maybe he already has , we will see what shall happen when he and kol meet once again . '' 
 smiles loki disappearing back along the rainbow bridge to asgard . 
 `` yes brother we shall see . '' 
 says thor flying into the air . 
 `` but first let us see just what kind of demigod your son is , hero or villain . '' 
 chapter 4 kol looks over the city of ran amazed at the beauty and workmanship of the place ; it 's a mix of modern technology and ancient ways in a perfect balance . 
 the hill that they are standing on at the edge of the forest gives a wonderful overview of the cityscape stretching into the distance . 
 the buildings are strong and sturdy with the signs of each of them being updated to be made of stone or metal . 
 food carts and shops of all kinds line the narrow alleys providing everything a person could possibly want , taverns and inns dot the landscape here and there inviting anyone to stay . 
 looking over the city he had n't realized until this moment that he was so tired , they had been traveling nonstop for over a week now with very little sleep and even less food . 
 next to him bjorn huffs in grudging respect at the sight himself . 
 `` at last , it has been a long time since i have been here . 
 hmm ... i wonder ... no i 'm sure they 've forgotten what happened it should be fine . '' 
 `` what happened here last time father ? '' 
 questions hagar . 
 `` nothing to concern yourself with boy , that goes for you too kol . '' 
 `` i did n't ask bjorn nor do i care . 
 i 've seen the kind of man you are and the things that you do , let 's just find a place to stay for the night so we can discuss what route to take to greece . '' 
 says kol walking down the hill . 
 `` that 's my choice apprentice , no discussion is necessary . '' 
 he says pushing past kol heading down the hill himself with hagar in tow . 
 `` do n't over step your bounds bjorn , even apprentices provide input and if you plan on me staying with you i expect you to treat me with a little more respect . '' 
 snaps kol . 
 `` if you do n't want my training , you 're more than welcome to make the way to greece by yourself . 
 enjoy finding your way with the amount of money you have . '' 
 he smiles slyly turning his back on kol again heading down the hill to a close by cart . 
 hagar laughs for a moment before skipping down the hill himself . 
 with a sigh kol thinks about everything for a moment before he concedes to the idea of following bjorn walking slowly down the hill after them . 
 stopping at the first food cart bjorn buys some fruit for all of them to eat . 
 `` here . '' 
 he says handing them each a couple of pieces . 
 `` this should hold you over until tonight when we can have a proper meal . 
 now , let 's find a place to stay for the night . 
 the first boat does n't leave until morning for our journey . 
 once we get settled into our room i will be heading to the tavern for a drink and some business , before leaving i will give you some moves to practice in my absence . '' 
 `` so i take it you already have a route in mind ? '' 
 questions hagar . 
 `` i do , by the end of our journey you two will be among the fiercest of warriors in the world . '' 
 `` a bold statement bjorn . '' 
 stares kol . 
 `` one that i can back up completely . '' 
 he says flatly motioning for the two boys to follow him . 
 silently as the group talks a figure follows them at a distance eyeing them curiously , she is very beautiful but her eyes are pure black and unnerving , her long black hair flows back and forth around her laying down her perfect five foot eight hour glass figure . 
 unexpectedly a hand grabs her shoulder turning her around forcefully . 
 `` what are you doing here lofn ? '' 
 `` the same thing you are thor , i 'm eager to see the character of loki 's son and i have an excellent plan for his first test , care to help ? '' 
 `` i will test the boy in my own way lofn , i do not wish to be associated with any of your dealings , although i will stand sentry and see his decision in the matter you present him . '' 
 `` i am thinking that he will ... '' she begins to be interrupted by a man bumping into her rudely . 
 quickly lofn grabs the man from behind whispering in his ear . 
 `` there she is , at the cart is the woman you 've always wanted . 
 it does n't matter that she 's with that giant man , he has stood in your way for far too long , take charge and get the woman you are lusting for no matter what it takes . 
 promptly the man runs over to the cart and punches the man in the face without saying a word . 
 turning back to thor who frowns at the situation she continues . 
 `` sorry about that , anyway , i was saying that i think that he 's going to be just like his father . '' 
 `` i can not say either way yet , but believe me i will be testing him thoroughly and watching him closely . 
 i have a personal interest in this . '' 
 `` yes i heard about your son , such a waste , he was quite fun to use for my ends , so easily influenced . '' 
 she laughs disappearing into smoke robbing thor of a chance to respond . 
 `` witch . '' 
 he says pulling his cloak over his head while walking in the direction the trio went . 
 kol can feel a charge in the air something on the wind that he can almost taste . 
 `` something is off . '' 
 `` i feel it as well . '' 
 sniffs bjorn with his nose in the air as he is looking around . 
 `` i do n't feel anything out of the ordinary . '' 
 frowns hagar looking around . 
 `` of course not , your senses are as dull as a rock my child . 
 i did n't expect you to be on the same level as kol , but we 'll get you trained yet . '' 
 states bjorn . 
 hagar stares at kol for a second envious of the praise he 's getting before returning to looking around with the others in the hopes of seeing something to prove himself to bjorn . 
 `` it 's gone , best we keep moving . 
 let 's get to the inn . '' 
 says bjorn pushing more insistently through the growing crowd . 
 lingering for a moment longer kol scans the crowd one last time certain he still feels something off . 
 `` no it 's not . '' 
 he says focusing on a cloak covered man walking slowly through the crowd . 
 without meaning to he begins walking towards the man with purposeful intent until abruptly the stranger is swallowed in the crowd disappearing from his senses completely . 
 `` hmm , it seems that someone may be hunting us . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` believe me whomever you are i am no one 's prey , i will never again be a victim . '' 
 he says out loud turning back to follow the others . 
 `` we 'll see about that . '' 
 whispers lofn with a smile as she watches from a nearby window . 
 she turns around looking at the young teen age girl sitting in a trance on the bed , pacing back and forth in front of her lofn inspects her one last time . 
 the girls name is sig and she has just been happily married , she had sea blue eyes and dark chocolate colored hair , her body was perfectly shaped , supple and beyond pleasing to the eye . 
 `` you will do little one , now go and make kol fall in love with you . 
 the pheromones from your body are now heightened and will pull him towards you , so do not give in to the desires of the flesh until kol wants you so bad it hurts , then confess to him the truth that you are married and let him decide what course he will pursue , that of the righteous or that of the deceitful . 
 now go , he is staying at the bifrost inn . '' 
 hesitantly sig leaves the room wishing she could fight the control this goddess has over her , unable to resist she heads out into the market place heading towards the inn to find kol . 
 steadily thor follows the girl anxious to see the results of the test until a change on the wind catches his attention . 
 ducking into a nearby dark alley thor looks to the sky with an irritated look . 
 `` show yourself . '' 
 a few moments pass before a powerful light glows a few feet from him leaving a beautiful woman standing in its wake . 
 her hair flows and changes colors as do her eyes and her face is the image of unconditional perfection matching her body , as usual whenever thor 's thoughts drift to something else that might be better to look at her body and face changed to match it . 
 `` aphrodite , it has been a very long time . 
 what may i ask brings you to our dominion ? '' 
 he questions respectfully . 
 `` my son and your nephew great thor . 
 as i understand it you and many of the other gods of asgard are planning to put him through a series of tests to determine what kind of hero he is -lrb- if at all -rrb- and to make him pay penance for the killing of your son of course . '' 
 `` tis the truth , but how is it that you know of the penance planned for him ? '' 
 he questions curiously . 
 `` my father zeus was given the information by your father odin . '' 
 `` i see , so what has the all father and the father of olympus decided ? 
 i 'm sure they have planned something to interfere with my plans else wise dear lady you would not be here , correct ? '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` it is indeed true the two of them have conspired , they have decided that each demigod will undertake two missions as it were for penance due . '' 
 she sighs . 
 `` i sense that you are none too happy with this decision , please speak plainly and tell me your thoughts . '' 
 he says placing a hand on her shoulder . 
 `` my son was attacked by another demigod some time ago , icterus , son of my lover ares who was doing much the same thing as your child . 
 one day , when my son vasos paid his so called `` protection money '' icterus decided it was n't enough , he and his group of soldier thugs beat my child to within a hairs breath of dying . 
 it took nearly three months for him to recover fully , once he had though the rage that burned within him was immense and had to be sated , he tracked down , fought and killed icterus then fled the city . 
 furious with what happened ares went to zeus and demanded justice even though his son was in the wrong , but , considering everything that happened between them lord zeus parleyed with lord odin who was visiting at the time and together they made their decree . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 says thor gravely . 
 `` i am sorry to hear about the loss of your son , i know he was not living up to what you had hoped but none the less i 'm sure his death weighs heavy on your heart . '' 
 `` it is the truth , my son was performing evil deeds and for that i was ashamed , yet my heart weeps for him and the fact that he did not enter valhalla but instead helheim . 
 in truth i do not blame kol for defending himself , had he not , my brother would be mourning a son now instead of me for surely ragnar would have killed him given the chance . '' 
 `` nor do i blame vasos for seeking retribution but regardless of what feelings we may have our fathers have spoken . '' 
 sobs aphrodite . 
 `` take heart dear one . 
 all is not lost for these young ones . 
 pray tell what quests have been chosen for them to undertake ? '' 
 `` vasos is to find chrysaor -lrb- who is the son of poseidon and medusa -rrb- , defeat him and his pirates and steal his mask . 
 secondly , he has to find the armor of achilles which has been lost for ages now . 
 as for kol his quests will be first to find od , the lost husband of freyja . 
 secondly , he will have to quest to his fathers ' palace to recover the hair he cut off of your wife sif and return it to you . '' 
 she says unenthusiastically . 
 `` bold quests , but with a strong will and pure heart they will prevail ... '' beginning to sob again she interrupts him . 
 `` there 's more , should they both survive and prevail in their quests they must work together as the gods have in the past . 
 together they must first journey to hades realm into tartarus to retrieve cronus ' sickle , if the fates will them to survive they must then journey to helheim and retrieve surtr 's flaming sword . '' 
 `` dangerous quests , and our norns like your fates are unpredictable , the probability of them surviving is slim indeed . 
 do not bare me ill will my lady it was not i that requested such quests . '' 
 `` i do not blame you thor , zeus and odin chose these quests because the oracle at delphi has prophesied that these two demigods will be instrumental to both the asgardians and olympians in a dark time to come . 
 so they must be forged in destitution to prepare them for the hard time ahead , we need them to become the heroes that will help save us , and if they should become villains , we must know now so they can be stopped before they cause our downfall . '' 
 `` a foreboding prophecy indeed , all the more reason they should be tested in more ways than the quests . 
 i have planned for several moral tests for kol and i suggest that the same be done for vasos . '' 
 he says ominously . 
 `` many of the gods agree with you and they have taken to the mission however i am not one of them , i know my sons heart as well as my own . 
 he is a hero . '' 
 `` i do not doubt your judgment aphrodite . 
 in fact because i trust your judgment and counsel , i would ask what you believe of kol . '' 
 `` in my opinion kol is as different from his father as you are , he has the heart of a hero , and as long as corruption can be kept from influencing him , he will be a great man . 
 i am not sure if that is what you wanted to hear or not but it is the truth from my heart . '' 
 `` the truth is all i asked for sister and you have given it , i have no right to be mad at such a thing . 
 fair thee well goddess and thank you again for everything , now i must go , kol 's first challenge draws near for the tests have now begun . '' 
 with that thor pulls his hood back over his head heading out of the alley and disappearing into the crowd towards the inn . 
 `` fair thee well thor . '' 
 she says glowing for a moment before disappearing . 
 chapter 5 aphrodite reappears in the city of sparta staring out at the passing citizens as her thoughts drift to her son , she had never really cared for the place much , but now that her son had fled sparta the place seemed like a dead husk completely . 
 she did n't want to be here but she had to find out if christos had decided to take matters into his own hands after what happened . 
 changing her form to look like and old woman she hobbles out of her hiding space heading to the training arena , until she is stopped abruptly by an old man stepping in front of her . 
 `` such a lovely lady , would you do me the honor of giving me your name ? '' 
 he questions with a crinkled smile . 
 frowning at the delay she answers `` my apologies kind sir but i am married and running late for a very important appointment , so if you 'll excuse me . '' 
 she says pushing past the man . 
 with amazing speed he grabs her arm forcing her to stop in her tracks . 
 `` just a husband ? 
 what of your lover ? 
 is he so unimportant that he does n't even warrant mentioning ? '' 
 her frown quickly changes to an evil smile . 
 `` what are you doing here ares , do n't you have some innocent puppies to kick or something ? '' 
 `` not at all , i 've already got my fill of puppy kicking for the day among other things , but if it is entertainment you seek just watch . '' 
 turning away from her he winks in the direction of a few men passing by , promptly the three men who were once brothers in arms turn on each other fighting to the death . 
 `` you see dear i always have fun wherever i am , but that 's not why i 'm here . 
 i 'm simply here to visit my half-brother christos and make sure he is doing what is befitting that of a son of zeus . '' 
 he smiles evilly . 
 `` zeus is handling what happened ares , the gods may test vasos and kol but may not go beyond that , do you really need to pick on a fifteen year old anyway ? '' 
 `` i am well aware of his age and what zeus is doing aphrodite , and i will respect my father 's wish , but should he be attacked by another demigod , mortal or monster then so be it . '' 
 with an angry look she pushes past him heading to the stadium . 
 `` not to worry my love i 'm sure that vasos will die a hero . '' 
 he yells after her . 
 `` ugh . '' 
 she huffs moving faster `` sometimes i do n't know what i ever saw in him . '' 
 `` he 's the bad boy , the dangerous type maybe that 's it . '' 
 says a crippled man falling in pace next to her . 
 stunned into stopping she slowly turns to look at the man as they walk . 
 `` hello husband , spying on me again ? '' 
 she questions . 
 `` not at all , i am here out of curiosity and worry about my step son . '' 
 `` he is n't here , he fled after what happened . '' 
 `` i am well aware of this fact . 
 i 'm here to find out what plans are in motion against him and to pick up a special gift he was unable to take with him when he fled . '' 
 `` i was aware of no gift hephaestus , so what is it that you gave to him and why ? '' 
 she says suspiciously . 
 `` one day at the temple of the gods many children were praying , they praised many of our family but when my name was brought up the children heckled me because of my looks and crippled leg . 
 anger and hurt festered in my heart but i still had hoped that i would be honored as the children 's parents stifled their mocking , yet again i was disappointed . 
 once they had sent off the children i believed they would have prayed to me but instead they too began mocking me . 
 i raised my hand in anger ready to blast them into pieces , however , before i could vasos appeared in the temple standing before the four large men with his fists balled . 
 interested and curious i watched as he demanded they take back everything said against me and beg me for my forgiveness , he said that they would not disrespect his father in such a manner . 
 then this brave young child fought four grown men to force an apology , alas he did not prove a match for them and was defeated before the fight was broken up by the temple guards . 
 i never forgot what he did that day and i promptly chose to make him a gift to show my gratitude , he is my son whether or not he came from my loins . '' 
 `` i never knew that . '' 
 she whispers quietly . 
 `` not many do dear wife , none the less it is so . '' 
 `` so what gift did you make for him ? '' 
 she smiles happily . 
 `` a magical weapon , it changes between an axe and sword with but a thought . 
 also , it will come to him on command the same way thor 's hammer does as well as no one else being able to lift or use it but him . '' 
 `` why on earth would he need a weapon like that ?! '' 
 she yells for a second drawing everyone 's attention before using her powers to make everyone forget the incident . 
 `` such anger , i 'm glad to see that i 'm not the only one who cares for the boy . 
 as for why i gave him such a weapon , because i foresee him becoming one of the greatest heroes of all time . '' 
 `` he can be great but greatness is all too often tied to excessive hardship not something i wished for my child . 
 i worry for him hephaestus he is much too impetuous in his decisions . '' 
 `` he is n't impetuous , he is brave and fearless . 
 a combination that every hero must have , show confidence in him as i do and as zeus does . '' 
 `` zeus ? '' 
 she questions . 
 `` he favors him over his own son christos , which is why christos hates him so much . '' 
 he grins coming to a stop in front of the training arena . 
 `` thank you for your council and comforting words husband , i must go now , i need to find out what ares has planned . '' 
 she glowers . 
 `` but what will you do now ? '' 
 `` i know where he has hidden the weapon , i am going to retrieve it and meet with vasos . 
 lord zeus has ordered that i convey the quests to him and send him on his way . '' 
 `` so it begins . '' 
 she exhales . 
 hephaestus kisses her on the check lightly disappearing in a shimmer of light leaving her to her task as he takes care of his . 
 she takes a deep breath heading into the arena changing form again to resemble a maid in the queens ' court as she searches for christos . 
 out of the blue an arc of electricity cuts through the air sending a young man flying into an adjacent wall , with a smile she follows the smell of ozone back to its source to find christos laughing wildly next to the old man ares is pretending to be . 
 swiftly she ducks behind a nearby column to listen . 
 the young demigod son of zeus named christos stands at five foot five with golden brown hair and eyes to match , his wiry frame is muscular and well defined as he drips with sweat from training . 
 `` excellently done little brother , but even in training i expect you to never show mercy . 
 now you will leave today to track down vasos and when you find him give him what he deserves is that understood ? '' 
 questions ares towering over him . 
 `` do n't worry i will brother , i will not allow his affront to my honor to go unchecked any longer , what of the king ? 
 has he decided to allow me to leave ? '' 
 `` i have had a talk with the king , do not worry he has agreed . '' 
 sneers ares evilly . 
 `` excellent i will ... '' begins christos only to be cut off by a blunt tipped spear hitting him square in the chest and sending him to the ground . 
 `` out of the way old man or i 'll send you to hades along with this bastard son of zeus . '' 
 shrieks the man who christos blasted before . 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 questions ares growing to his full size and form with a flaming sword in his right hand . 
 ares hair turns reddish/gold and his eyes turn to burning yellow , at the same time he grows to his regular height of ten feet tall and covered in full battle armor . 
 `` lord ares forgive me , i did not know it was you . '' 
 he says quickly falling to his knees . 
 `` regardless , you made your choice spartan now meet your death the way your people have always done , with honor and joy . '' 
 lunges ares picking the man up by the throat and throwing him back to the floor . 
 `` come fool show me why your people are feared . '' 
 the man rises slowly to his feet bowing for a moment before bringing his sword to the ready . 
 expertly the man feigns an attack to ares face followed swiftly by a flick of his wrist changing to attack him at the chest . 
 with a deadly cool ares bats away the man 's sword then just as swiftly buries his hand in the man 's chest ripping out his heart and bursting it into flame . 
 the man 's shocked expression looks at his chest for a moment before collapsing to the floor in a heap that starts on fire . 
 as everyone watches dark hands from hades break through the ground pulling the body of the soldier back to the underworld with them . 
 `` how disappointing , i did n't even break a sweat . '' 
 says ares . 
 `` now where were we ? 
 oh yes , i have something for you christos , this is the spear of ares , nearly unbreakable and it will focus your power doubling its force . '' 
 `` vasos is as good as dead . '' 
 laughs christos grabbing the spear and sending electricity into the sky . 
 `` excellent , you will find him in messene waiting for hephaestus to bring him his weapon . 
 get there and destroy him before he can learn to use his powers and the weapon , the cayldonian boar will meet you at the edge of the city and speed you on your way to make up for lost time , until you reach the city stymphalian birds will keep watch and attack him to delay him if necessary . '' 
 `` as you wish brother i will leave now . '' 
 `` outstanding and christos do n't fail me . '' 
 says ares disappearing . 
 christos leaves the arena with aphrodite waiting in the background having overheard everything . 
 `` so you think that you can send creatures against my son , well let 's see how your pet birds do against my little surprise . '' 
 she laughs disappearing herself . 
 chapter 6 he thought for sure his heart would burst , never before had he seen such a beautiful woman in his entire life . 
 becoming a hero be dammed and to hell with all of his one-time wants and dreams , he would give it all up to stay and build a life with her . 
 the first time she spoke it was music to his ears , the most beautiful sound he had ever heard in his life . 
 kol was positive that she would never even look twice in his direction but not only did she look but she came over and talked to him . 
 `` fair day sir . '' 
 she whispered in her musical voice . 
 in a matter of seconds he ruined his chances with his response , something along the lines of . 
 `` umm ... ahh ... me kol hi . '' 
 `` he means fair day to you as well and that his name is kol miss ... ? '' 
 smiles hagar . 
 without taking her eyes off of kol she responded kindly . 
 `` my name is sig , would it be terribly inappropriate if i asked you to take a walk with me so we can get to know each other better ? '' 
 still dumbfounded by the fact that she was talking to him kol just stared blankly at her in silence . 
 punching him on the arm hagar wakes him up from his dreaming `` go ahead kol we 've got some time to spare before bjorn gets back . '' 
 shaking his head to clear the fog from it kol smiles from ear to ear . 
 `` by all means sig i 'd like nothing more than to spend some time with you say the rest of our lives ? '' 
 he jokes nervously . 
 `` if the norns deem it so fair one . '' 
 she blushes . 
 turning the same color as sig he slowly stands up locking eyes with her . 
 `` you are the most beautiful woman i have ever seen in my entire life . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she whispers turning to head towards the door . 
 following eagerly kol smiles questioning the beautiful woman . 
 `` so where are you from ? '' 
 `` i was born and raised here , what about you ? '' 
 she asks leading him to the hills overlooking the city . 
 `` i was born in skaalholt , or so i was told , i do n't know for sure because my mother died giving birth to me . 
 i grew up on the streets and in the gutters . '' 
 he says bitterly . 
 `` hardly befitting of a beautiful maiden such as you . '' 
 touching his arm in comfort sig stares at him with a look of genuine concern . 
 `` nonsense kol , that life must have been hard , i 'm sorry that you went through that . 
 what about your father ? '' 
 `` my father ... was n't around . '' 
 he replies quietly . 
 `` but things have looked up , after all the norns led you to me . '' 
 she beams . 
 `` the best day of my life . '' 
 he smiles back . 
 `` so what do you have planned for the future ? '' 
 with a small laugh she looks at him then back at the city frowning for a moment . 
 `` the future is always changing , i thought that i 'd meet a nice man and marry him raising a family here continuing on to see my grandchildren , but the gods and norns do n't always allow such things , what of you kol ? '' 
 `` i plan to travel through the norse lands making my way until i reach greece , it is my dream to become a hero of renown throughout the world where my name is on the lips of the gods themselves , but ... '' he says turning to face her and taking her hands in his . 
 `` i would give it all up and stay here with you to fulfill your dreams . '' 
 looking at their hands she whispers . 
 `` you are a kind and good man kol , i could see myself happily with you forever . 
 may i ask you , do you think i am really pleasing to the eyes ? '' 
 `` you are beautiful both inside and out from what i can tell . '' 
 `` but would you take me and consummate our union right now , promising yourself to only me forever ? '' 
 stunned kol looks around before answering . 
 `` truthfully , i feel like i will die if i ca n't have you in every way , i want to make love to you , to marry you and have children with you . 
 if i ca n't have you i feel like my soul will rip in half , it literally hurts thinking i might not be with you in every way . '' 
 sobbing a little she looks towards the sunset . 
 `` please tell me that those are tears of joy . '' 
 begs kol severally worried . 
 `` let 's go to the inn . '' 
 she says forcing a smile . 
 together the two of them hold hands nearly running to the inn and for a moment sig realizes that she actually likes kol and were things different she could easily see herself with him . 
 five minutes later the two of them enter kol 's room with sig locking the door behind them quickly . 
 slowly he strips off her clothes little by little until her perfect body is naked in full glorious perfection , then in return sig slowly strips him down tracing her finger over the perfectly defined muscles on his arms and chest before heading to the bed and laying down in wait . 
 timidly kol goes to the bed positioning himself over her but before he can go any further she puts her finger on his lips signaling for him to wait . 
 `` there is something i must tell you kol . '' 
 she whispers beginning to tear up again . 
 `` you can tell me anything what is it my fair one ? '' 
 he questions happily . 
 `` i ... i am married , i 'm so , so very sorry my fair one . 
 i do n't mean to hurt you or make anything difficult for you but i need you to know the truth before anything can happen , if you do n't want to be with me because of this i understand . 
 likewise , if you wish to continue with me i will understand that as well . '' 
 kol would have rather been sent to helheim and face its tortures , he would have rather been beaten and raped over and over by ragnar than hear that the woman he now suddenly loved was married . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he questions frozen in place . 
 `` why did you come to me ? '' 
 `` i had to , i 'm sorry kol . 
 what will you do now ? 
 will you make love to me as you so desperately wanted to or will you send me away back to my husband ? '' 
 getting up off of her and putting his clothes back on quickly kol stares out the window with his back to her . 
 `` get dressed and go back to your husband fair one , we are done . 
 i would not take another man 's wife , had we met when you were single things may have been different . '' 
 crying sig gets up putting her clothes back on `` you are a good man kol , part of me wishes that we had met sooner . '' 
 `` is your husband a good man ? '' 
 he questions without looking at her . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` then why would you do this ? '' 
 he says with anger creeping into his voice . 
 `` i ... can not say kol , i wish i could tell you but i ca n't . 
 just know that i have the greatest respect for you and i will always have a place in my heart for you . '' 
 she says running out of the room . 
 in the hallway lofn and thor look at one another . 
 `` he passed the test . '' 
 says lofn furiously . 
 `` so he did , but there are many trails to come . '' 
 `` mark my words ; i will have him turn to my cause thor . 
 wait and see , by the time he has finished his ... '' before she can finish a scream erupts from kol 's lips blowing apart the room and sending both thor and lofn flying through the walls of the inn to the ground outside . 
 then just as quickly and fully as it was destroyed it flies back together like nothing happened . 
 laughing hysterically lofn jumps back up to her feet . 
 `` now that is more like it , i ca n't wait to see what happens when he loses it completely , after all he is the son of the god of mischief and evil , it 's only a matter of time . '' 
 `` it does not mean he will be like loki , after all , he is only half loki . 
 he has his mother in him as well . '' 
 `` and what does that matter ? 
 we do n't even know who his mother was but any woman that attracts loki 's attention ca n't be that great a person . '' 
 she smirks heading back into the gathering crowd . 
 `` indeed , but i remain unconvinced a man is not ruled by who his parents are but by the choices he makes . '' 
 says thor pulling the cloak back over his head as he turns to see bjorn running toward them . 
 running through the crowd bjorn pushes his way to the door of the inn running into hagar full force . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 questions bjorn concerned . 
 `` are you boys okay ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine , i do n't know about kol though . 
 he disappeared upstairs with some girl he met and a few minutes later the room exploded and then reformed itself . '' 
 `` hey are you and your boys the cause of this ? '' 
 questions the inn keeper charging towards bjorn with a battle axe . 
 `` i do n't have time for this ! '' 
 sighs bjorn pulling out his sword and disarming the man in one motion . 
 `` if we were the cause i would have not stopped with a single room now get out of my sight letch . '' 
 the inn keeper drops his eyes looking at the axe in fear trembling for a moment . 
 `` i 'm sorry sir i did n't know it was you . 
 i thought you were someone else i did n't know you were back in town much less looking like this , you ... '' `` that 's enough ! 
 i want this place cleared out while i check up stairs to find out what happened . '' 
 he snaps heading towards the stairs . 
 `` i will guard down here father should anyone try to evade you . '' 
 questions hagar drawing his sword . 
 `` excellent son . '' 
 smiles bjorn heading up the stairs cautiously . 
 as he nears the top of the stairs he can hear light sobbing coming from their room confusing him . 
 slowly he pushes open the door to find kol on the bed with his head in his hands crying . 
 `` kol ? '' 
 `` the norns are cruel bjorn , perhaps i am cursed for being a child of loki . 
 maybe i should forget about this whole hero thing . '' 
 `` what happened kol ? 
 hagar said the room exploded and then put itself together again , did someone attack you ? '' 
 he questions looking around . 
 `` where 's the girl you brought up her with you ? '' 
 `` she left back to her husband taking my heart and soul with her . '' 
 he snuffles glowing with power for a second again . 
 `` your heart ? 
 how could you have fallen in love with her so quickly ? 
 you just met her . '' 
 `` the moment i saw her i knew she was the perfect woman for me , i fell in love with her on sight , sjofn worked her power on me and i was powerless against it . '' 
 he sighs . 
 `` this may not sound genuine but i assure you it is , i 'm proud of you for doing the right thing . '' 
 `` cold comfort bjorn , it does n't help me stop hurting . 
 all i keep thinking of is how angry i am and how badly i just want to destroy everything around me . '' 
 `` hence the room , but the fact that you rebuilt it tells me that you are not consumed by the hurt , it may not seem like you are going to get over this but trust me you will . 
 we will focus on our goals and what must be done for you to become a hero . '' 
 he says flatly . 
 `` focus on work is that it ? '' 
 `` trust me i 've been there it 'll help . '' 
 he sighs . 
 suddenly jumping up from the bed with his hands glowing kol puts bjorn on his guard instantly facing him with his sword at the ready . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he snarls staring at kol 's hands . 
 `` something is coming . '' 
 answers kol sniffing the air . 
 the goddess eir swiftly appears in the room with a glow around her . 
 she is exquisitely beautiful with purple colored eyes and auburn hair hanging slightly in her face . 
 her tight fitting clothes hug her perfect hourglass form making both men stare in awe . 
 immediately both of them fall to their knees in reverence . 
 `` goddess eir , what can we do for you ? '' 
 questions bjorn with his head bowed . 
 `` rise both of you , i come as a friend . 
 first , dear kol , worry not about what happened . 
 i will heal your hurt , bare sig no ill will for what happened was not her fault nor was it yours . 
 i can not tell you more than that . 
 just know that the gods are watching your every move to see what kind of person you become . 
 as such , odin has sent me to help you in this difficult time and deliver a message . '' 
 `` thank you and the all father for your kindness . '' 
 says kol kneeling at her feet . 
 with a smile she places her hands on his head , light flows from her touch encompassing kol 's entire body until he glows like a miniature sun . 
 then just as quickly as it came it disappears , slowly kol stands smiling once again . 
 `` i will forever be in your debt . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` you may not think so when you hear the message i bring you . 
 odin has charged you with three quests ; first you must find the god od who has been missing for ages . 
 secondly , you must travel to asgard and take back the hair loki cut off of sif and return it to her and thor . 
 should you be successful in those quests you must join the greek demigod vasos and together you will complete two more nearly impossible tasks , you will have to journey to tartarus and retrieve kronos ' sickle . 
 then , you must travel to helheim and retrieve surtr 's flaming sword . '' 
 `` and what of us ? '' 
 questions bjorn . 
 `` you may help him along the way during his first two quests but once he meets up with the other demigod , the quests are theirs alone . '' 
 she says frowning at him . 
 `` you have till then to train him . '' 
 `` i see . 
 i will use my time wisely then . '' 
 he says bowing once more . 
 `` thank odin for me . '' 
 `` i will ... bjorn . 
 now fair thee well , both of you . '' 
 with that eir disappears leaving them with their thoughts . 
 `` looks like the plans to go to greece will have to wait unless you want take your chances and defy them . '' 
 `` no , i want to be a hero and undertaking quests from the gods will help me to achieve that . '' 
 smiles kol happily . 
 `` fair enough , but i will tell you that anytime the gods give you a quest there is more to it than a simple mission . 
 they always have another agenda in mind . '' 
 he says darkly . 
 `` be that as it may i must try . 
 if i do n't , what kind of man would that make me ? '' 
 he questions rhetorically strapping on his weapons . 
 `` i understand , so the choice is made , tomorrow we begin our journey . 
 get a good night 's sleep i have a feeling you 'll need it . '' 
 chapter 7 `` how many of these damn birds are there ? '' 
 contemplates vasos as he flips into the air while firing his last two arrows . 
 vasos ' body was covered in cuts from the attacks of the birds and his strength was starting to run out , but he knew in his heart that he could n't keep this up much longer . 
 `` mother please help me . '' 
 he whispers running towards an abandoned farm house in the distance . 
 as he runs at full speed towards the house he knows in his heart that he 'll never make it in time , the birds will be on him again any second and there will be nothing else he can do about it . 
 suddenly hope fills his heart when he hears the familiar baying of a hound . 
 looking to the far off edge of the forest vasos sees laelaps running towards him at full force , his silver and black fur glimmers in the sun as his bull size form bays again insistently . 
 becoming a haze of motion it looks like he 's going to run right into him , but the second before laelaps reaches him the hound jumps over him grabbing the nearest bird out of the air and tearing it to pieces . 
 responding to the new threat the birds swarm towards the hound intent on defeating him but , laelaps the legendary hound is too fast for them to catch and one by one he grabs the birds out of the sky as he expertly dodges the incoming attacks . 
 `` thank you mother . '' 
 pants vasos out of breath as he reaches the safety of the farm house . 
 for a moment he finally believes that everything will be okay until he hears the roaring grunt of a giant boar dashing his hopes . 
 running to the door he stares in disbelief as the giant erymanthin boar explodes from the forest scattering the birds and the hound in every direction as they flee in terror . 
 with a gasp vasos takes in the sight trembling in fear for a moment before recovering with a sly smile and a plan forming in his head . 
 the boar roars again breathing its foul breath all over him , its reddish colored eyes stare into his locking in his gaze . 
 the dirt brown fur on its back is standing on end and anxiously it paws the ground with its hoof ready to charge him . 
 as he stares tearing his gaze from the creatures face finally vasos notices who is riding on the back of the creature angering him . 
 `` christos . '' 
 he growls . 
 `` you could n't have done this on your own , let me guess , ares ? '' 
 `` did you think he would forgive you the death of his son ? 
 no , he wants his revenge and i want mine , no longer will my father favor you and your ilk over me . 
 your death is now at hand vasos , beg me to make it quick . '' 
 he sneers in an evil laugh . 
 `` fear not my son for i am with you and i am sending you help . '' 
 whispers aphrodite in his mind . 
 `` i beg no one , my enemies do n't scare me , for i have family that loves me and i draw strength from them . 
 i give you the chance to leave now before i am forced to hurt you . '' 
 he smiles matching christos look . 
 `` and how will you accomplish that ? '' 
 questions christos with a laugh . 
 `` like this . '' 
 beams vasos pointing behind christos . 
 with an enormous crash a giant fox bounds out of the forest until it rams the boar in the side knocking it over in surprise . 
 christos rolls to the side narrowly avoiding being squashed by the giant boar flopping around trying to regain its footing . 
 `` the teumessian fox ! '' 
 yells christos `` your mother wo n't be able to save you forever vasos ! '' 
 climbing onto the back of the fox vasos laughs . 
 `` i wo n't need her to save me much longer , i grow stronger with each passing day . 
 and behold here comes my father . '' 
 he points as a stream of light shots towards them . 
 like a meteor hephaestus lands between the fox and the boar causing them to jump backwards in fear . 
 `` humph , i ca n't say i 'm surprised to find you here christos , ever the little lap dog of ares are n't you ? '' 
 he says floating up to vasos on the back of the fox . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about lord hephaestus . 
 i have my own score to settle with vasos devoid of any hate my brother may harbor towards him . '' 
 says christos climbing back onto the boar . 
 `` whatever you say child , in either case i have no patience for your interference right now , so stay put . '' 
 he says waving his hand forcing a cage to appear around the boar . 
 `` you ca n't do this ! '' 
 yells christos trying to squeeze through the bars . 
 turning quickly to stare at him hephaestus silences any further objections with just a look . 
 `` hello father , i 'm sorry you had to intervene . 
 i do n't know how they found me . '' 
 sighs vasos . 
 `` i 'm sure ares set him to the task , here is your weapon i made for you . 
 now speed your way to olympia . 
 once there you will find aid from sander the son of dionysus , he will accompany you on your journey . '' 
 `` what journey ? 
 can i not return to sparta ? '' 
 he questions . 
 `` zeus has decreed that you must undertake three quests . 
 for the first quest you must journey to rhodes where you will find the home of chrysaor the golden sword , you must defeat him and his pirates once you have bring back his golden mask . 
 for the second quest you must find the lost armor of achilles and bring that back . 
 both are hard tasks and will test you in every way , should you survive both tasks you will be joined for the third by a norse demigod , kol son of loki . 
 together you both will first travel to tartarus and retrieve the sickle of kronos then you will travel together to helheim and retrieve the sword of surtr . 
 be warned that once the third quest starts you and the other demigod will only have your powers and each other , no one else may help you including the gods . '' 
 `` all this for defending myself against a mad son of ares ? '' 
 `` it is that and much more , everything will be revealed to you in time . '' 
 he sighs in response . 
 `` i do n't suppose you could tell me the other reasons could you ? '' 
 huffs vasos . 
 `` regrettably i can not my son , i have already interfered more than i should have . 
 i must release christos shortly , in the end you will have to deal with him on your own . 
 i will allow you a good head start though , go my son and may the fates be kind . '' 
 `` thank you father . '' 
 says vasos hugging him tightly before shooting off into the distance at full speed on the fox . 
 turning back towards christos , hephaestus smiles . 
 `` now what shall i do with you ? 
 release you and the boar ? 
 or send the boar away and make you find another way to follow your cousin ? '' 
 `` you ca n't take my boar from me . '' 
 he pleas . 
 `` it is not your boar , it is a creature of the wild that belongs to pan and i seriously doubt that he gave it to you . '' 
 snaps hephaestus . 
 abruptly a ball of fire slams into hephaestus ' chest knocking him to the ground . 
 `` i allowed him to use it . '' 
 roars ares landing next to the cage forcing it to dissolve releasing the boar and christos . 
 `` vasos could n't have gotten far , stop him before he gets help from the other demigod . '' 
 he says turning to christos . 
 flying through the air a large hammer rams into ares with such force it buries him in the ground . 
 `` it was unwise of you to interfere ares . '' 
 declares hephaestus walking towards the hole . 
 the ground erupts with ares shooting into the air with a red glow around his body `` really ? 
 do you think i fear you , you pathetic cripple ? '' 
 `` no , i do n't believe you would , but i do believe that you fear our father . '' 
 he smiles . 
 with a deafening sound of thunder lightning crackles through the clear blue sky striking ares with such force he is barely conscious . 
 `` you dare to defy me ares ?! '' 
 booms zeus ' voice as he lowers himself to the ground . 
 `` father , what lies has hephaestus told you ? '' 
 he questions struggling to get up . 
 `` none , it was not he that informed me of your plans but another . 
 someone who 's council on the subject i would not take lightly . 
 i know for a fact you helped christos to track vasos and gave him the means to get here before hephaestus could deliver the message i sent , do you still deny it ? '' 
 rumbles zeus . 
 `` i do not . 
 i have the right to my revenge . 
 the whelp killed my son ! '' 
 yells ares defiantly . 
 `` your son was a disgusting little bully who got what he deserved in the end . 
 that does not mean that you interrupt my well laid plans , especially when it concerns the fate of olympus ! '' 
 he screams firing another bolt of lightning into ares . 
 blocking it just in time ares flies back just a bit . 
 `` what in hades are you talking about ! '' 
 `` the oracle of delphi has spoken . 
 vasos and another demigod named kol will be instrumental in our survival or destruction . '' 
 complaints zeus . 
 `` and you are ruining everything ! '' 
 `` i ... i do n't care ! 
 i want him dead and one day soon he will be ! '' 
 yells ares disappearing . 
 zeus just stares at the sky for a moment before turning back towards hephaestus who has been quietly watching . 
 `` in truth he has a right to his anger . '' 
 says zeus . 
 `` he will be a problem . '' 
 `` maybe he will , but i think it best if someone else watches over vasos , your feelings towards ares go much deeper than this and i do not need a war among the gods . 
 i will have someone else take charge of his welfare for now . '' 
 states zeus firmly . 
 hephaestus opens his mouth to argue but then thinks better of it . 
 `` as you wish father . '' 
 giving him one last stare zeus changes into a bolt of lightning flying back to olympus . 
 `` maybe i can not directly help you son but that does n't mean i ca n't do exactly what ares is doing in my own way . '' 
 he smiles disappearing himself . 
 chapter 8 the morning was nice enough as mornings go ; the sun light was slowly kissing each and every building , tree and blade of grass . 
 the birds were singing delightfully as if the whole world belonged to them and the people seemed like they were in the best spirits talking and joking with one another . 
 but all kol could think about was how great it would be to share this view with sig . 
 `` look out ! '' 
 comes bjorn 's voice waking him from his thoughts . 
 turning around quickly kol dodges a dagger just in time . 
 `` what the hell is wrong with you ? '' 
 he yells in anger at first until he sees a stranger at the door trying to force it closed on bjorn . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 questions kol irritated . 
 `` i 'm the man whose wife you tried to steal ! '' 
 he yells . 
 softening a bit kol just stares for a moment unsure how to start . 
 at the same time bjorn stops pushing on the door to listen . 
 drawing a rusted sword kol ca n't help but feel sorry for him ; clearly this young man has never been in a fight in his life and has no training . 
 his six foot body trembles either in anger or fear but he ca n't guess which , his sky blue eyes are tinged with red from crying and his dirty blond hair is close cut . 
 as he stares at kol his square jaw is twisted in a sneer of anger while his lip trembles trying to hold back tears . 
 `` i will send you to the afterlife for what you did ! '' 
 he screeches . 
 sighing kol sits down on the bed . 
 `` what did i do ? 
 walk with your wife and talk with her ? 
 nothing even happened . '' 
 `` nothing happened ?! 
 nothing happened ?! '' 
 he yells stepping a few paces closer . 
 `` because of you my wife spent the day away from me and gave her heart to another man ! 
 tell me you have not seen her naked body . '' 
 `` what ?! '' 
 questions kol both excited and ashamed . 
 `` she came back and told me everything ; she told me that in the short time you two spent together she began to fall in love with you . 
 she told me that our arranged marriage was something she had never really wanted and if she had met you first it would have been a dream come true . '' 
 `` i had no idea ; i never knew she was married until the day was over . 
 the moment i found out she was married i stopped everything and sent her back to you . '' 
 `` i do n't care ! 
 before you she said she loved me completely and now , now her heart is torn ! 
 she said that she would not leave me and asked that i stay , but why would i ? '' 
 he cries . 
 `` because she does love you and you 'll never be lucky enough to find a woman like her again . '' 
 he snaps shooting to his feet . 
 `` and if you ca n't see that then you do n't deserve her or the pathetic life you have ! '' 
 backing into the wall the jilted man shrieks in terror staring at kol . 
 perplexed at the reaction kol looks down at himself , surprised he finds that his entire body is vibrating and glowing with a shimmer of green energy surrounding him . 
 hastily bjorn kicks open the door because of the shriek to find the strange scene playing out in front of him . 
 `` kol please try to calm down , you do n't want a repeat of what happened yesterday . '' 
 he says raising his hands in a defensive way . 
 `` i did n't even know it was happening ! '' 
 shouts kol beginning to freak out himself . 
 `` ok , ok , just try and relax . 
 think relaxing thoughts , dream of a place that is totally yours and filled with the people and things that you care about . '' 
 he says in a tranquil voice . 
 `` wow bjorn , with the gods as my witnesses that has to be the most amazingly stupid thing i have ever heard . '' 
 he cackles loudly . 
 `` as retarded as it may sound just do it . '' 
 he says slightly laughing himself . 
 forcing himself to be serious kol closes his eyes concentrating , slowly the images of his own private paradise forms in his mind . 
 as he watches a beautiful castle with shimmering white towers and a fortified wall build itself , the windows shine bouncing the light of a newly forming sun peeking through a cloudy sky . 
 all around him mountains form encircling the valley where his castle sits , each one has a giant river flowing from the top peak flowing through a massively thick forest covering the mountains into a large lake sitting in front of his castle . 
 `` it 's perfect . '' 
 he whispers to himself . 
 `` yes it is thank you for building it for us my fair one . '' 
 comes sig 's musical voice . 
 spinning to face her kol catches his breath . 
 `` sig , what are you doing here ? '' 
 she laughs musically while throwing her arms around his neck . 
 `` where else would i be silly ? '' 
 `` um , with your husband ? '' 
 he says unable to move . 
 frowning she looks thoughtfully into his eyes . 
 `` but you are my husband fair one . '' 
 blinking several times kol forces himself to look around once again , in awe he realizes that this is the perfect place with everything that he has been wanting . 
 `` how do you feel my husband ? '' 
 she questions with a reassuring smile . 
 `` wonderful , completely happy . '' 
 he says . 
 `` i will be in the house my fair one waiting for you , anytime you need me i am here for you . '' 
 she says kissing him deeply before turning to enter the castle gates . 
 with a deep breath he floats into the air of his perfect place over looking it as he slowly disappears . 
 opening his eyes he sighs contently to find bjorn smiling proudly . 
 `` i take it you were fruitful in your endeavor of building the perfect place ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` i was . '' 
 he replies looking at his own body which has returned to normal . 
 `` was she there ? '' 
 interrupts the whispered voice of sig 's husband sitting in the corner of the small room with his head in his hands . 
 sorrowfully kol walks over to stand in front of him . 
 `` i am sorry for what happened . 
 it was not of my doing and if i could spear you this pain i would , that being said , i also can not change the way i feel about sig . 
 in the end though my feelings do n't matter , she is your wife . 
 you do n't have to worry about me , my companions and i are leaving this place today and i doubt that i 'll ever come back . '' 
 `` but how can i go back to the way things were after what happened ? '' 
 he pleads . 
 grabbing him by his arms and forcing him to his feet kol slaps him in the face . 
 `` get a hold of yourself you baby , go home and treat her like the queen she is because if i find out you do anything other than that i will come back here and make you pay . '' 
 `` kol ! '' 
 shouts bjorn seizing kol 's hands forcefully . 
 `` let him go , i will talk to him . 
 now leave ! '' 
 kol resists for a moment before his shoulders slump and he walks out of the room . 
 `` thank you stranger but i fear i am beyond anyone 's help save the gods . '' 
 he sighs . 
 closing the door bjorn turns to stare at the man for a moment . 
 `` then you are in luck . '' 
 he smiles changing form until he shows his true form as vili brother of odin . 
 his intense green eyes swallow everything and hiem is lost in awe at the sight of them , before turning away he takes in the size of the god , standing at eight feet tall with the build of a model statue forged of perfection . 
 his white beard flows over his chest and his white hair lies across his shoulders . 
 `` i am vili brother of odin and i shall give you the peace you so long for , my great nephew kol was telling you the truth when he said that he was not at fault for what took place between sig and himself . 
 it was in fact the goddess lofn . 
 she wanted to test kol to see what kind of person he is . 
 she forced sig to go to kol and seduce him . '' 
 `` but she did n't make her fall in love with him did she ? 
 that was all her . '' 
 `` it was . 
 although it matters not for i will erase the memory of what happened , you will not recall anything that took place between them . 
 things will go back to the way they were for you , that is all i can offer . '' 
 `` will you erase her memory as well ? '' 
 he questions hopefully . 
 `` that is for her to decide . '' 
 he states firmly . 
 `` i ... understand . 
 please take my memory away , i ca n't take the pain any longer . '' 
 he sniffles . 
 `` as you wish child . '' 
 says vili touching his forehead . 
 seconds later hiem stares blankly at the form of bjorn standing in front of him . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 he questions . 
 `` i was saying that the job is all set up for you now that i 'm leaving town , gar the blacksmith has agreed to take you in and train you as his apprentice , good luck . '' 
 he says shaking his hand . 
 `` by the way i heard you recently got married , how are things going ? '' 
 hiem smile stretches from ear to ear . 
 `` wonderful ! 
 she is the most wonderful and good hearted woman i have ever met ! 
 i 'm truly blessed by the gods to have her as my wife ! '' 
 `` you 've no idea . '' 
 says bjorn under his breath , `` what ? '' 
 questions hiem . 
 `` i said congratulations . '' 
 he replies quickly . 
 `` well , you better get going my friend , gar is expecting you any minute now . '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 i do n't want to be late on my first day and thanks again for everything . '' 
 he says running out the door . 
 closing the door again vili takes he 's true form again , then with a snap of his fingers sig appears in front of him with red swollen eyes and a half washed dish in her hands . 
 seeing vili she jumps in surprise dropping the dish to the floor and placing her hands over her mouth . 
 `` forgive me my lord for my unsightly appearance and lack of reverence but the gods have stung me recently and my faith has been shaken . '' 
 `` you need not apologize my child i know what was done to you and i am here to offer you a reprieve from the horrible feelings you are experiencing . 
 if you so desire , i will wipe away the memory of what lofn made you do and the problems it caused for you as i did for your husband . '' 
 brightening a bit sig drops to her knees . 
 `` oh thank you great vili , you are truly benevolent . '' 
 `` then you accept my gift ? '' 
 he questions . 
 `` oh yes my lord . '' 
 she says happily . 
 `` as you wish , '' he says reaching towards her forehead . 
 right before he touches her she slightly cringes causing him to pause . 
 `` what is it child ? '' 
 he questions concerned . 
 `` it 's just , i mean , i was wondering if i would lose the feelings and memories i feel for kol as well ? '' 
 she asks shyly . 
 `` i 'm afraid you will , after all , you can not have one without the other . '' 
 `` then if i may , i 'd like to keep my memories of everything that happened . 
 i would rather have the pain as well as the feelings of love than have neither . 
 i promise i will never speak of what happened again and i will not let it affect my duties as hiem 's wife . '' 
 she swears . 
 `` i believe you would try your best child to do what you say but eventually it would eat at you to tell him everything and once you did both of you would suffer again . 
 how about i repress the memories but do not take them and should you ever be single again they will return . '' 
 `` i suppose that is for the best , again thank you my lord . '' 
 she sighs . 
 without hesitation vili touches her forehead repressing the memories and sending her home at the same time . 
 a sudden knock at the door forces him to retake the form of bjorn quickly before answering the door to find hagar looking concerned . 
 `` is everything alright father ? 
 i saw kol and he told me what happened . '' 
 `` everything is fine hagar , i took care of it . 
 now , let 's get kol and head out we have a long way to go if we 're going to make good time to ktn . '' 
 chapter 9 the speed of the fox is so quick that the world becomes a blur of images passing before vasos ' eyes changing the journey time immensely , but even though he ca n't see the details of the landscape there is no mistaking the fox is taking him on a route of great beauty . 
 part of him wishes he had more time to see everything and have some adventures but he knew that he had to make good distance from his spartan home . 
 mixed feelings bubble to the surface with the thoughts of the seeing his city again , aside from the problems he now had with the gods and their children , the spartan guards were after him for the murder as well . 
 he missed his city terribly , even though he had gone through the hard life of a spartan soldier in training he would n't have traded it for anything , he knew that it was only a matter of time before the king of sparta and the gods noticed his skill and sent him on quests that would make him famous . 
 now here he was speeding across greece on one of pan 's creatures from the wild towards the sea on a quest from zeus himself , maybe it was n't the way he had imagined getting a quest but nonetheless he had one now and that 's what mattered most . 
 entering a large open field with a lake the fox swiftly slows down trotting up to the edge of the lake for a long drink as it pants in between slurping . 
 thinking about it vasos slides off the fox landing near the edge of the lake himself to take a drink and splash some water on his face but the moment his feet touch the ground the fox gives him a giant lick across his entire body lifting him completely off the ground and tossing him a few feet into the shallow of the lake soaking him completely . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 he mutters wading his way back to the shore . 
 kneeling down at the edge he takes a long drink himself feeling refreshed and invigorated until crashing out of the forest the boar screeches heading full force towards them . 
 growling the fox stares at the boar while laying down for vasos to climb on its back . 
 scrambling up the side of the fox onto its back vasos leans down to its ear . 
 `` go my friend . '' 
 `` you ca n't escape me vasos ! 
 no matter who helps you or what you do i will be the end of you , i will chase you to the end of the world ! '' 
 yells christos wildly . 
 as the fox turns running back towards the tattered road to olympia vasos turns on the back of the fox facing the boar . 
 `` you 're dreaming christos ! 
 i will be a champion of the gods and the people ! 
 you 'll never be anything more than a lap dog of ares ! '' 
 he laughs . 
 screaming in rage christos shoots several bolts of lightning out of his hand towards the fox narrowly missing both him and vasos . 
 `` your aim is as bad as your looks . '' 
 wails vasos in delight throwing his sword through the air at the head of the boar . 
 with amazing speed the boar dodges the sword closing the distance . 
 `` pathetic ! '' 
 yells christos `` you missed . '' 
 without answering vasos just smiles at him making christos wonder what he 's up to . 
 instinctually christos looks behind him to fins vasos ' sword flying straight at him , at the last second christos falls backwards narrowly dodging the sword that grazes his shoulder . 
 `` what 's a matter christos , nothing to say ? '' 
 questions vasos catching the sword as it flies back to his hand . 
 christos gets back to his feet just staring in anger at his wound before looking back at vasos . 
 `` i 'll have your head ! '' 
 `` you 'll have to excuse my laughing christos but you and i both know that you are a loser that ca n't defeat me ! '' 
 turning back around , vasos straddles the fox again grabbing on to the fur tightly . 
 `` run teumessian , run as fast as you can . 
 get us to olympia . '' 
 with a burst of speed the fox bends the world around them covering distances that would normally take weeks to traverse , struggling to not fall off vasos turns his head to see the boar following closely behind them still . 
 cursing under his breath vasos turns back around to see the city of olympia coming into view on the horizon . 
 `` come on be there . '' 
 says vasos . 
 in a matter of seconds they 're on the outskirts of the city , as the world returns to normal the first thing he ca n't help but notice is a giant hammock swinging in front a little ways from the city with a young man leisurely eating grapes and drinking from a flask . 
 sliding to a stop in front of the young man he lazily looks up at them unfazed by the scene . 
 the young man is five foot nine with dark brown hair and eyes to match . 
 visibly he is well built despite is appearance of being completely lazy . 
 `` please tell me you 're not the help i was promised . '' 
 sighs vasos dropping to the ground shakily . 
 looking up with a tired frown the young man replies . 
 `` you almost got dirt in my drink . '' 
 looking from him to the giant boar closing fast in the distance vasos just stares at him in disbelief for a moment . 
 `` oh heaven forefend , how will you ever survive ? '' 
 `` it 's ok , did n't you hear me ? 
 you almost got dirt in it . 
 you did n't actually get anything it . 
 i can still drink it , not that a little dirt would have stopped me anyway after all this is good stuff . 
 i make it myself you know . '' 
 he smiles dreamily . 
 `` that 's wonderful and i hate to interrupt but you and i have more pressing concerns at the moment . '' 
 raising an eyebrow while staring past him at the boar the young man simply shrugs his shoulders in response before going back to his grapes and flask . 
 `` really ? '' 
 questions vasos trembling in anger as to make things worse the fox howls in the air before running off into the forest in the distance . 
 `` you seem tense pal , how about a drink ? '' 
 `` gee i 'd love to , but we 're about to be trampled and eaten by a giant wild boar so as you can see we kind of have a previous engagement , thanks though . '' 
 replies vasos sarcastically . 
 `` maybe you 're going to be devoured but that would interfere with my drinking so i 'll have to pass . '' 
 `` tell that to him . '' 
 says vasos changing his sword into an axe and bringing it up to the ready . 
 responding to the threat the walls of the city flood with soldiers ready to defend olympia . 
 seeing the soldiers rallying christos brings the boar to a sliding stop a few feet from vasos and the young man . 
 `` they will not save you vasos . '' 
 smiles christos pointing at the soldiers on the wall . 
 `` i do n't need them to save me christos . 
 if anything you need help but if you surrender now we will allow you to live . '' 
 `` you must be completely deluded vasos did a bird strike you in the head while you were riding the fox , which by the way seems to have run off to chase some sticks or something . 
 without the fox you are a dead man , you do n't stand a chance against the boar let alone me with it . '' 
 he cackles . 
 `` listen fellas i do n't mean to be rude but i 'm going to be trying to take a nap here and you 're being really loud so if you could move your little stand-off death duel thing somewhere else i would appreciate it . '' 
 yawns the young man with his eyes closed still . 
 `` who the hell are you ? '' 
 questions christos annoyed by the man . 
 `` by the gods ca n't a man take a nap without someone bothering him ? 
 go away you little pimple , before i ... '' he pauses yawning `` ... sander , the son of dionysus smite you . '' 
 `` you 're a demigod ? '' 
 questions christos incredulously . 
 sander has already fallen asleep ignoring the two of them . 
 laughing uncontrollably christos looks back at vasos who is holding the bridge of his nose while shaking his head slightly . 
 `` this is your help ? 
 really ? 
 this is who the gods sent to aid you ? '' 
 `` yes well , ahem , do n't underestimate him he is much more powerful than he looks . '' 
 says vasos with half confidence . 
 raising an eyebrow at the demigod again christos concentrates sending a bolt of lightning at sander shocking him so hard he flies fifteen feet into the air . 
 closing his eyes with a disgusted look vasos frowns . 
 `` attacking a man while he 's asleep ? 
 that 's a new low even for you . '' 
 `` just making a point vasos and giving you a preview of what 's about to happen to you . '' 
 he replies evilly . 
 abruptly the boar rears up shaking its head over and over as if it 's confused . 
 then in one fluid motion the boar squeaks weakly falling over onto its side asleep . 
 stunned vasos looks around expecting to see one of the gods but instead sees sander stumbling towards them `` i could forgive the fact that you woke me up , i can forgive my grapes being destroyed and i can even forgive the fact that you tried to kill me but making me lose my flask , that 's where i draw the line ! '' 
 `` you ?! 
 you did this ?! '' 
 questions christos getting to his feet after falling off the boar during its roll . 
 `` of course i did it and now for you . '' 
 christos raises his sword to fight him but instead of drawing a sword sander focuses with his hand forward . 
 erupting from the ground silently dozens of grape vines wrap around sander locking him in place . 
 `` release me ! '' 
 yells christos struggling . 
 `` oh relax , you know what your problem is ? 
 you need to get drunk and have some fun . '' 
 `` and a woman , and new personality , and looks , oh , oh and better body odor . 
 if you were a totally different person it 'd be great ! '' 
 adds vasos . 
 their answer comes in the form of the wind picking up so strongly it nearly carries them both away followed closely by lightning striking christos , frying the vines nearly releasing him . 
 struggling against the wind sander crawls his way towards christos who is floating a few feet above the ground glowing with power and lost in the rapture of what he 's doing . 
 finally he reaches the ground just beneath and a little behind sander , with a deep breath he closes his eyes concentrating as hard as he can . 
 after another minute vines again explode from the ground lifting him up till he 's right behind sander who is still lost in the power . 
 determined sander reaches out grabbing christos ' head from behind focusing his power to overcome christos ' free will . 
 desperately christos fights against the power but in the end sander over comes his free will forcing him to feel drunk and happy . 
 as quickly as it started the storm stops when sander lowers to the ground awkwardly walking towards the city gates . 
 `` impressive . '' 
 says vasos grudgingly walking up to sander who is franticly searching in the sand for his flask . 
 `` what 's that ? 
 oh yeah , no problem . 
 if you really want to thank me do me a favor and help me look for my flask . '' 
 he answers . 
 with a sigh vasos heads over to a nook in the tree sander was near while lying on his hammock . 
 `` it 's right here ; i saw it fly in here when he blasted you . 
 what 's so special about this thing anyway ? '' 
 `` oh thank you . '' 
 he yells running over and snatching the flask . 
 `` it was a gift from my father , it refills with wine automatically and it 's indestructible . '' 
 `` useful . '' 
 he says `` so anyway , i 'm vasos , son of aphrodite and descendant of hercules . 
 the gods told me you were meant to help me on two quests . '' 
 `` yeah , i think i remember my father coming to me and saying something like that . 
 i do n't know the details i was pretty hung over . '' 
 `` i 'll explain along the way for now let 's get into the city and get some supplies , we 've got a long journey ahead of us . '' 
 `` my thanks to you sander . '' 
 comes a new and playful voice . 
 `` you have no idea how upset i was when ares forced one of my creatures to chase after a demigod , no offense vasos but the children of the gods are not known for their kindness to the animals of the wild . '' 
 the two young men turn to see pan , god of the wild stroking the side of the boar as it begins to wake up , quickly both of them drop to one knee in reverence . 
 `` lord pan , to what do we owe this honor ? '' 
 questions vasos . 
 `` please stand my young heroes , i do not need you to kneel before me . 
 the other gods may demand such respect , however i do not . 
 i have plenty of satyrs that are required to do such things but to tell you why i am here , that is simple . 
 i wish to reward you for the gentle treatment of my boar . '' 
 `` thank you pan . '' 
 smiles vasos eagerly . 
 with a mighty grunt the boar gets to its feet bowing to pan for a moment before running back into the far off forest . 
 `` what gift are you giving us ? '' 
 questions sander happily . 
 `` i will give you aid on the way to mantinea , tomorrow when you leave the city head south into the forest there you will find one of my creatures of the wild that will speed you on your journey . '' 
 `` you are too kind lord pan we will be in your debt . '' 
 says vasos bowing again despite what pan had said . 
 `` think nothing of it . 
 but beware that ares has not forgotten or forgiven what happened between you and his child despite zeus ' decree and many of the other gods norse and greek , have taken a great interest in both of you and the norse demigods on the quest . '' 
 `` great just what we need , a bunch of all powerful beings intent on watching us , in my experience when the gods watch they also interfere . '' 
 sighs sander drowning himself in other swig . 
 `` so it is with the gods , just beware and be careful , things around you will not be as they seem . '' 
 he replies dissolving into the ground . 
 `` cheerful . '' 
 smiles sander clearly buzzed . 
 `` what would a quest be without a few challenges to the death by all powerful family members ? '' 
 `` a good day . '' 
 `` no matter what challenges we will have great days my friend trust me , now let 's go and get those supplies and some rest . 
 for tomorrow we are in the hands of the fates . '' 
 says vasos halfheartedly . 
 chapter 10 they 'd been on the road for a week already and kol was seriously beginning to get bored and disappointed , they had n't run into any monsters . 
 no one had even tried to rob them or attack them during the journey . 
 bjorn had filled their days training them in all the combat arts he knew , each day they drilled everything they had learned over and over again , the moves were complicated and impossibly perfect pushing them to their limits in multiple ways . 
 kol had never seen some of the moves he taught them , bjorn even taught them how to fight blindfolded . 
 they learned how to track , hunt and how to smell their enemy coming and hear arrows or daggers flying through the air . 
 kol took to the training like a fish to water but hagar struggled with almost everything they learned . 
 it took him double the time and effort to learn things that took kol one try . 
 as a result a rift had begun to grow between them from the praise that kol constantly received . 
 bjorn had assured them that he had to judge them differently because kol was a demigod and that gave him an unfair advantage , he explained that because of his lineage it was much simpler for kol to absorb the training and that hagar was picking up the exercises faster than any human his age would have , but it did n't seem to help his animosity towards him . 
 one afternoon after the training exercises kol and hagar were walking back to their camp when hagar just stopped in his tracks with his head down . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 questioned kol noticing he stopped . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because you stopped and you look like something 's wrong . '' 
 he says flatly . 
 `` no , i mean why do you always have to show me up ? '' 
 `` show you up ? '' 
 he asks confused . 
 `` everything we train on you always have to outperform me on . '' 
 he snaps . 
 `` i 'm not trying to outperform you . 
 i just do what i do . 
 i 'm not competing with you . 
 all i want to do is learn and whenever i take something on it 's to the best i can do . 
 if you 're feeling inadequate that 's your problem not mine . '' 
 `` he 's my father not yours ! '' 
 he yells stomping over to stand face to face with kol . 
 `` so what !? 
 i do n't want your damn father ! 
 i have one of my own now get out of my face before i make you ! '' 
 he yells back . 
 `` yeah loki , there 's a great role model . '' 
 he retorts . 
 `` loki is a god show some respect ! 
 and at least i had a father i did n't have to beg for one like you . '' 
 yells kol pushing him so hard hagar loses balance . 
 flowing with the motion hagar 's training kicks in performing a back hand spring at the end of which he draws his sword ready to fight . 
 `` put it down hagar it 's not worth you getting beat and losing what little confidence you have . '' 
 says kol eyeing him . 
 `` i 'm not afraid of you kol ! '' 
 he screams trembling . 
 `` i never said you were hagar but we both know that you are . 
 now put away your sword . '' 
 he replies evenly . 
 `` draw yours . '' 
 `` is n't this a surreal little scene . '' 
 smiles bjorn walking up to them . 
 `` now why would my two apprentices be at each other 's throats ? '' 
 `` i 'll let hagar field that one he 's the one with the problem . '' 
 sneers kol . 
 staring daggers at kol hagar remains silent for a moment while bjorn stares at him expectantly . 
 `` well ? '' 
 demands bjorn . 
 `` i feel that kol is purposely trying to outperform me in order to gain your affections , furthermore , i believe he is doing this because he craves a new father because he is ashamed of his own . '' 
 growls hagar . 
 `` hog wash ! 
 he 's just pissed off because he ca n't stand the fact that he 's second best . 
 i may not like some of the things my father has done but he is my father none the less , i claim him now and always will and i 'll tell you why . 
 i claim him because when i become the greatest hero asgard and midgard has ever seen they will know that it was done by the son of loki ! 
 i am not bound to his evil nor are my siblings and finally everyone will know to judge us individually . '' 
 staring at the two of them for a moment bjorn says nothing at first before walking up to hagar placing his hands on his shoulders . 
 `` understand hagar , i have chosen you as my son not kol and aside from that he does not desire a new father . 
 to me he is an apt student and one day i hope a good friend , you on the other hand will one day come to my home and i will teach you everything about myself and your new family . 
 understand that you have already made me proud and continue to every day . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 questions hagar in disbelief . 
 `` yes you make me proud my son and you have a family now that is larger than you can possibly imagine and for better or worse every member of that family deserves your respect . '' 
 smiles bjorn giving him a hug . 
 awkwardly kol fidgets a bit unsure how to handle being around the situation and having never had that kind of family love he feels uncomfortable and like a trespasser . 
 `` i 'm going to head back to camp and let you two finish talking . '' 
 he says finally breaking the silence . 
 `` if you would n't mind kol would you take to the hunt ? 
 i think we are all in need of a grand meal in the meanwhile we 'll head to the stream and spend some quality time fishing . '' 
 says bjorn staring at him with a look that told him it was not up for debate . 
 `` i 'll find us a meal fit for a king . '' 
 smiles kol running off into the denser part of the forest . 
 slowing to a trot kol surveys his surroundings looking for signs of animals , after a few minutes he spots the tracks of some deer . 
 getting his bow and arrow ready kol closes his eyes reaching out with all of his senses , with a large sniff of the breeze he picks up the faint scent of his prey not far off . 
 quietly he stalks through the heavy brush at the base of the trees scattered everywhere . 
 `` there 's got to be a better way . '' 
 he thinks looking around . 
 zeroing in on the thick tree branches high above kol smiles climbing quickly . 
 finally with his new vantage point he spots the deer grazing far off in the distance , with amazing grace he bounds from branch to branch through the forest until in utter silence he lands in the tree above the deer . 
 with perfect skill he targets the largest buck in the herd letting his arrow fly piercing his heart killing it instantly . 
 as the herd scatters in fear kol jumps down from the high branches with glee at the meal he will enjoy later until he reaches the ground to find that his kill is already gone . 
 confused he slowly walks to the spot where the deer died inspecting the ground for a moment before looking around . 
 `` how is this possible ? '' 
 he questions aloud to himself . 
 `` whom do you speak to young man ? '' 
 comes a beautiful sing song voice from behind him . 
 with amazing speed kol rolls forward turning in the middle of it to come up facing the stranger with his bow drawn , but the moment he sees the young woman he lowers his weapon staring at her . 
 a beautiful young woman is standing before him with pale and beautiful skin which is milky white and perfectly fair . 
 her eyes were shimmering green and her hair was ash blonde hanging down to her waist on her perfect figure . 
 but the jaw dropping thing that froze kol in place was the fact that the only things covering her privates was leafs . 
 `` i take it from your silence that i am pleasing to your eyes ? '' 
 she questions innocently . 
 `` wood spirit ? '' 
 he asks returning to his senses . 
 with a giggle she slightly covers her mouth . 
 `` no , is that all you have to say ? '' 
 `` forgive me miss , my name is kol . 
 and yes you are very pleasing to the eye , are you a water spirit per chance then ? '' 
 `` no , i am just a wayward soul looking for companionship . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 he says on guard again . 
 `` pray tell me how is it you came to be in your current predicament ? '' 
 `` tis a long story stranger do you have time to hear it ? '' 
 `` actually i must find my kill and return to my comrades , i am on a very important quest that i must complete . 
 if you so wish though you can keep me company and relay your story along the way . '' 
 `` if only to spend more time with you . '' 
 she smiles . 
 `` well then walk with me miss ... ? '' 
 `` lathea . '' 
 she smiles sweetly . 
 `` pleased to meet you lathea now tell me your story if you will . '' 
 `` i guess the beginning would be when i was still a small child , my father and mother were wonderful parents , i want you to understand that before i go any further . 
 no matter what you hear during this story do n't judge them harshly , please promise me that . '' 
 she says turning him to face her . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 he assures her halfheartedly . 
 `` thank you , i am sorry for my passion on the subject but many people over the years have misjudged my parents for the choices they made and no matter what they have done they are still my parents and i love them . '' 
 `` believe me i understand better than you know . '' 
 he mutters beginning to walk again . 
 `` i 'm glad , so to continue my story . 
 my family and i lived in the most perfect place in all the world , every kind of fruit tree was there and the rivers and pools were the clearest and most refreshing you could ever let touch your lips . 
 all the animals of the world wondered through the garden without fighting one another and no matter which one it was you could stroll right up to it and pet it without fear . 
 it was paradise and life was utterly prefect , well i was very young and one day my siblings and i went playing in a puddle in the garden , my mother had told us to not get dirty but being children we of course disregarded what she said . 
 the hours past and finally our mother found us covered in mud like it was a second skin , unfortunately our grandfather was coming to visit and my mother worried he would be upset at the state we were in . '' 
 she pauses to look at him . 
 looking up from the trail kol smiles at her reassuringly `` please continue i am listening . '' 
 `` so anyway , my mother frantically took us down to the river and began to bathe us as quickly as she could . 
 she would have succeeded but for a few of us naughty children , we ran far away playing hide and seek and before she could find us my grandfather showed up calling out for my family to meet him . 
 panicky my mother told those of us that were still dirty to stay hidden from him , feeling the fear of him ourselves we did as we were told . 
 as they talked he asked her where the rest of her children were , unwisely she lied to him saying that this was all of her children . 
 he eyed her for a bit waiting for her to tell the truth but she did not fold under his gaze , with a deep breath he told her `` so be it , as you have said it so shall it be ! 
 from this moment on let anything that has tried to hide shall hence forth remain hidden . '' 
 at that moment myself and four of my siblings disappeared from our home and were cast to different forests in the world and since that time i have endured in this place . '' 
 `` a sad tale , my heart cries for you . 
 may i ask why you never tried to return home ? '' 
 he questions getting lost in her beautiful eyes . 
 `` alas , shortly after we were cursed so were the rest of my family . 
 you must understand that the place we lived was provided by my grandfather , he said it was ours to do with as we pleased except for one rule . 
 my parents broke the one rule and lost our home forever while at the same time cursing the rest of the family . '' 
 `` i am so sorry , after they themselves got cursed were you reunited with your loved ones ? '' 
 he asks while staring at her lips . 
 `` no they would not accept us , as such ; i have been alone for a very long time now . 
 it 's horrible , i just want someone i can love and spoil . 
 is that too much to ask ? '' 
 `` not at all . '' 
 he smiles stepping a bit closer to her . 
 `` you are too sweet . 
 it 's unfortunate that you must return to your friends . 
 if you stayed with me i could make you happy , i 'm sure of it . 
 must you really leave ? '' 
 `` i ... ? '' 
 he says shaking his head slightly . 
 `` no i can stay a while , where shall we go ? '' 
 `` i 'd like to show you my home and when we get there i can give you a reason to stay with me . '' 
 she whispers in his ear rubbing her body against his . 
 `` i ca n't wait , take me there . '' 
 chapter 11 waking the dead would have probably been easier than getting sander out of bed at the break of dawn , vasos had tried clapping near his ear , yelling in it even hitting the swords together while screaming for help , still sander snored peacefully in the hay of the barn they had slept in for the night . 
 finally he figured drastic measures were called for , picking him up vasos carried him back in to town in the main square where a fountain stood , with a good throw he tossed him into it head first . 
 with speed that defied description sander hopped up out of the water . 
 `` curse you and the ground you walk on ! '' 
 laughing so hard his sides began to hurt vasos tries to catch his breath at the sight of his dripping friend . 
 `` that was definitely worth carrying you all the way here . '' 
 `` hilarious , you know you could have just gently tapped me . '' 
 he complains . 
 `` i tried , i tried damn near everything to wake you , for a minute i thought that hypnos himself had put you to sleep . '' 
 he jokes . 
 `` doubtful , i do n't sleep that deeply . '' 
 `` you do when you 're drunk , now come on we 're already running behind . '' 
 he says shortly . 
 `` what 's the hurry it 's not like rhodes wo n't be there if we do n't leave right now . '' 
 `` maybe not but i wan na get out of here before ares sends something or someone else after us . '' 
 `` wait , what ? 
 why would ares be sending anything after us ? 
 i thought this quest was given to us by zeus himself , why would he interfere ? '' 
 `` he 's a little angry at me for killing his son that 's all . '' 
 he sighs walking back towards the barn . 
 `` you did what ?! '' 
 `` i avenged myself , his son deserved what he got ! '' 
 he snaps . 
 `` and i get to deal with the consequences ?! 
 are you serious right now ? '' 
 `` by all means if you do n't want to deal with my little problem run along with your little flask and brave the wrath of the gods . '' 
 he states emphatically while walking away from him . 
 `` i really do n't like you , just so you know . '' 
 sighs sander following slowly behind him while taking a long drink from his flask . 
 without turning back towards him `` must you always be drunk ? '' 
 `` my father 's the god of wine what did you expect , a sober working class man ? 
 what did you do before this quest ? '' 
 `` i was training to be a soldier in sparta and what i expected was a fighter . '' 
 `` a fighter huh ? 
 so correct me if i 'm wrong but did n't i save your spartan butt yesterday ? '' 
 he smirks . 
 stopping to face him vasos just stares for a moment sizing him up again . 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` that 's right . '' 
 smiles sander clearly pleased with himself until he falls backward while taking a large celebratory drink . 
 with a laugh vasos begins to help him to his feet . 
 `` truly the gods have blessed me with some wonderful help . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah , so where are we headed to first ? '' 
 `` we must travel to rhodes , once there i will fight chrysaor . 
 i will need you to handle his pirates while i do this . 
 but there are many places we will have to stop on our journey the first will be mantinea . '' 
 `` our first quest is to take on the son of medusa and poseidon ? 
 i have to say it 'll be a little tuff to take care of his pirates if i 'm stone . '' 
 `` first off relax and have another drink , secondly he does n't have the power to turn people to stone . '' 
 he says picking up the pace . 
 `` well that 's a relief . '' 
 says sander matching his speed . 
 after a moment of silence vasos says `` he 's just nine feet tall and has power over the water and people say his face is so disfigured that the shock of seeing it holds you in fear . '' 
 `` oh is that all ? '' 
 he questions rhetorically . 
 `` that 's it , besides what are you worried about ? 
 you 're not the one facing him i am . '' 
 `` and when you fall to him i 'll be left trying to save your bacon again . '' 
 `` please , like you 're that good now come on let 's get our bags out of here and head to the forest . '' 
 he retorts . 
 the two of them enter the barn to find all their supplies thrown all over the place and their bags hanging from the ceiling of barn . 
 looking from their things then at each other sander simply says . 
 `` huh . '' 
 `` welcome to the world of the weird . '' 
 says vasos beginning to pick up the scattered things . 
 `` that 's it ? 
 you 're not wondering what the heck is going on ? '' 
 `` of course i 'm wondering what happened here but what else can we do ? 
 i 'm not about to launch a full investigation into this when we have a quest to get to . '' 
 `` fine , is anything missing ? '' 
 asks sander clearly annoyed . 
 `` not that i can tell . '' 
 vasos bends over picking up some more things when from nowhere his bag falls from the ceiling landing on his head covering his vision in darkness for the moment . 
 grabbing at the bag , suddenly he finds himself falling forward from a hard kick to his butt . 
 pulling his head free vasos turns fiercely , stomping towards sander who is laughing at him . 
 `` are you suicidal ? '' 
 he yells point blank . 
 `` putting the bag on my head is one thing but kicking me in the rear afterwards , that 's the nail in the coffin for you . '' 
 putting up his hands defensively while still laughing `` whoa big fella , i did n't do any of that . 
 i do n't know what you are talking about . '' 
 `` yeah right , someone just magically came in and did it right ? '' 
 `` how should i know ? 
 maybe you 're just a klutz . '' 
 unexpectedly the other bag falls from the ceiling falling on sanders head but instead of being empty the whole thing is filled with raw eggs . 
 `` nice . '' 
 laughs vasos . 
 pulling off the bag sander just stares at vasos through the egg dripping down his face . 
 `` you have got to be joking . '' 
 `` i do n't know how that happened but man that was classic . '' 
 `` you 're a jerk . '' 
 `` maybe chicken boy but i 'm a jerk without egg covering me . 
 now , cluck your way over to the rest of the stuff on the floor and let 's get going . '' 
 he laughs returning to picking things up . 
 `` what ? 
 you 're still not curious about what is going on here ? '' 
 `` of course i am but like i said we need to get moving , once were on the road it wo n't matter what happened . '' 
 he sighs . 
 `` gods you 're so damn annoying . '' 
 `` whatever , now get going . '' 
 he barks back at him . 
 a few short minutes later the two of them are done gathering their things and are ready to leave . 
 `` we 'll stop at the fountain on the way out of town so you can clean up . '' 
 vasos snickers walking towards the door . 
 sander just snorts in response until vasos runs face first into the door when it wo n't open . 
 `` now that is classic . '' 
 laughs sander slapping him on the back . 
 `` hope it 's still funny when you 're holding your broken nose . '' 
 `` oh it 's okay to laugh at me when something happens but mr. personality here has a problem when the shoes on the other foot . '' 
 `` okay , okay , let 's just get this door open . '' 
 he groans rubbing his head . 
 `` i can make some vine grow and pull the door apart . '' 
 suggests sander . 
 `` that could work or i could just use my axe . '' 
 `` either way , i do n't care which one we do just let me know when you decide . '' 
 he yawns . 
 `` wait what 's that sound ? '' 
 questions vasos placing his ear to the barn door . 
 `` the sound of time slipping away from us maybe . '' 
 he answers sarcastically . 
 `` funny , no it almost sounds like ... '' without finishing his sentence vasos turns grabbing sander pulling him to the back of them barn at a run until they reach a ladder leading to the loft . 
 `` quickly get up the ladder ! '' 
 he yells at sander half pushing him up . 
 climbing as quickly as he can with vasos close behind he questions `` what 's wrong ? 
 what did you hear ? '' 
 `` it sounded like ... '' before he can finish the front of the barn explodes as a stampede of cattle burst through it at full speed . 
 vasos grabs the bottom board of the loft just as the cows destroy the ladder he was climbing leaving him dangling in the air hanging from the edge just above the herd . 
 `` hang on ! '' 
 shouts sander over the noise of the stampede . 
 immediately vines sprout from his arms wrapping around vasos ' arm securing that he will not fall at the same moment vines shoot from sander 's back wrapping around the high beams of the ceiling instantly beginning to pull them both to safety . 
 flopping on the floor of the loft gasping for air from the excitement sander stares at vasos . 
 `` still not interested in what 's going on ? '' 
 vasos turns his head towards sander to answer but instead of answering he stares past him with a gaping mouth . 
 `` what ? '' 
 questions sander confused . 
 pointing to the corner vasos remains silent staring intently . 
 turning to look at the corner sander 's mouth drops in surprise as well when he finds a kobaloi sitting in the corner of the ceiling laughing uncontrollably , the kobaloi are ugly little creatures that are a foot tall with an almond shaped head , long pointed ears , yellow eyes , jagged teeth and a beak shaped nose . 
 its long arms and legs have claw like hands perfect for tearing things apart and climbing pretty much everything in sight , their long tails are hard and they love using them as a whip . 
 they are the pranksters of the greek world causing mischief to anyone they meet . 
 `` la , la , la . 
 i wrote a song would you care to hear it ? '' 
 the creature questions in his shrill voice while rocking back and forth and holding his feet . 
 `` there 's your answer to what 's been going on sander . '' 
 sighs vasos getting to his feet . 
 `` here are two little men from olympians who wanted to get to the forest , what a joke , the cows made them croak . 
 now they 're acting like women . '' 
 it sings . 
 `` let 's get out of here , just ignore the little creep . '' 
 says vasos jumping down from the loft . 
 lowering himself gingerly to the ground with a few vines sander never takes his eyes off of the kobaloi which is in the corner just smiling at them . 
 `` what about the kobaloi ? '' 
 `` like i said ignore it , they thrive off of people reacting to the jokes they play , it 's best if we just get out of here as quickly as possible . '' 
 vasos says grabbing their trampled bags and heading out of the broken door . 
 sander begins jogging to catch up with vasos but before he can get out of the barn the kobaloi appears in front of him with ten others blocking his way . 
 `` you know we do n't like being ignored . '' 
 the head kobaloi smiles evilly walking towards sander . 
 `` hey who does ? 
 and you know what i think ? 
 i think you should go and find the guy i was with and teach him a good lesson . '' 
 `` why play chase after him when we have you to play with instead ? '' 
 `` because you are good little pranksters who will do what 's right ? '' 
 he questions hopefully . 
 `` mmmm , i do n't think so . '' 
 it laughs . 
 `` be still . '' 
 comes vasos insistent voice . 
 sander 's brow furrows for a moment at the sound , it 's vasos ' voice without a doubt but it 's somehow different . 
 there 's a charge in it that fills and vibrates the air when he speaks , sander can tell that the kobaloi are feeling it too turning slowly and dreamily to stare at vasos . 
 `` we are all friends here are n't we ? '' 
 vasos questions intently . 
 nodding their heads slowly in agreement the creatures stare calmly at him eagerly waiting his next words , without realizing it sander is already nodding along with them . 
 shaking his head to try and clear the fog he stares blankly at vasos who motions for him to join him . 
 slowly he walks past the kobaloi standing by vasos who is slowly backing out of the barn . 
 `` all of you are frozen in place are n't you ? '' 
 he says as his voice becomes even deeper and more magical . 
 after a few more steps vasos notices that sander is n't moving either , with a sigh he leans over whispering in his ear . 
 `` snap out of it sander , my siren call wo n't hold them forever . '' 
 with a distant look in his eyes sander just stares blankly for a moment at vasos . 
 `` what ? '' 
 whispering again in his ear vasos charges his voice . 
 `` wake ! '' 
 sander blinks his eyes for a moment in confusion . 
 `` what happened ? 
 what did you do to me ? '' 
 `` i 'll tell you later we have to get out of here before they wake up . '' 
 `` how long will your little trick last ? '' 
 he questions backing away again . 
 `` i 'm not sure , it depends on the strength of their will power , let 's just make sure we 're gone before they do . '' 
 finally out of sight the two of them begin running as fast as their feet will carry them , after a few minutes they have cleared the town and are heading across the small field to the forest when they hear the sound of little creatures shrieking in delight at the sight of them . 
 risking a glance back sander can see at least forty kobaloi running full speed after them and gaining ground on them . 
 `` we 're not going to make it to the forest in time . '' 
 sander states frantically coming to an abrupt stop . 
 `` are you insane let 's get out of here ?! '' 
 `` no , it 's time for my little trick . '' 
 he wheezes out of breath . 
 the kobaloi get closer with every second as sander and vasos just watch . 
 `` whatever you 're going to do now would be the time . '' 
 vasos says drawing his sword and changing it into an axe . 
 without answering sander stares keenly at the creatures , unexpectedly the entire group of creatures comes to a halt a few feet from the two men . 
 for a moment everything is completely silent as sander stares into their eyes and they into his . 
 the quiet standoff lasts a minute longer before abruptly the kobaloi burst into dance completely ignoring vasos and sander as they are caught in the rapture of what they 're feeling . 
 `` that was a nice trick . '' 
 smiles vasos patting him on the back . 
 `` yeah well like yours it wo n't last forever , let 's get moving while we still can . '' 
 chapter 12 together kol and lathea walk back until they reach the spot where they first met , then turning towards kol she wraps her arms around him hugging him tightly . 
 `` welcome to my home lover . '' 
 she says softly pulling him under ground with her . 
 on some level kol knew he should n't be here and although every inch of his body screamed at him to shut up and go with whatever she wanted a good part of his mind fought the feeling reminding him that he had to get back to his quest . 
 `` i ... i ca n't stay long . '' 
 he finally managed as she led him down a dank narrow corridor dimly lit by the faint glow of strange plants jutting from the earth here and there . 
 `` you can stay forever lover , here you would never age , never get sick and be free of the troubles of the mortal world . '' 
 lathea replies sweetly kissing his lips . 
 `` i can stay forever . '' 
 he repeats in a trance following her deeper into the tunnel . 
 after a few minutes kol can see a warm glow obviously coming from a large room at the end of the tunnel . 
 `` welcome to our home . '' 
 she says leading the way into the large room . 
 the cave is huge with the ceiling looming over head made from the earth itself , the dirt walls are covered in beautiful life like paintings that seem to be alive and moving . 
 a warm and peaceful fire is roaring in the corner of the room and is the source of the light he had noticed earlier . 
 also filling in the massive space is a large and comfortable looking bed with black sheets and a white comforter , a small table with two chairs and a little brown dresser . 
 kol notes with a bit of surprise that the place is completely clean devoid of any clutter or dirt on top of everything . 
 `` it 's lovely . '' 
 he murmurs looking from the room to her . 
 `` it is nothing compared to you lover . '' 
 she smiles leading him to the table . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 he questions staring longingly at the bed . 
 `` i would like to show you how good a cook your new wife is , allow me to make you the best the meal you shall ever have . '' 
 she comments pulling out the chair for him . 
 `` wife ? '' 
 he questions with a frown . 
 `` of course , we will be married once we make sweet love , but first let me prepare your meal . '' 
 `` but the beds right there . '' 
 he says insistently staring at it again . 
 laughing while batting her eyes at him she answers . 
 `` all in good time my husband . '' 
 watching her move with untold grace kol marvels at how swiftly she puts together the most amazing meal out of thin air . 
 wild boar roasting on a spit over the fire filling his nose with pleasant smells making his mouth water in anticipation , at the same moment she is chopping up potatoes , onions , peas , carrots , garlic , beans and rice mixing them together with exotic smelling spices in a large pot also hanging over the fire for the most wonderful soup . 
 then grabbing a beautiful bottle from the shelf she places a glass in front of him . 
 `` something to wet your pellet and sate your hunger a bit until dinner is ready ? '' 
 she questions . 
 `` sure , what is it ? '' 
 he responds . 
 `` wine from the land of jotunheim , a gift from the giants who took pity on me after i lost my home . '' 
 `` jotunheim ? '' 
 kol questions getting to his feet as the fog slightly lifts from his thoughts . 
 `` you are friends with the frost giants ? '' 
 `` i would n't think that would be a problem for a son of loki . '' 
 she smiles innocently grabbing his hand . 
 `` the frost giants are an evil people who have tried to conquer asgard and midgard several times . 
 they 've killed countless innocents and have no care for any other people but themselves . '' 
 kol snaps pulling away even more . 
 `` not all of them are bad , i 'm sure that you can understand being judged just for being born from loki and yet here you are a wonderful and good man . 
 you are not held to being like him and they are not all evil simply because they were born frost giants my husband . '' 
 she says musically enchanting him again . 
 `` i am intent on proving myself by being the best hero ever , i have yet to hear of any frost giant performing a good deed . '' 
 `` i have seen the deeds lover , trust me . 
 now whereas your dinner has yet to finish cooking , why do n't you and i occupy ourselves in the bed . '' 
 lathea smiles leading him to the bed while kissing him over and over . 
 laying him down on the bed she begins kissing him more insistently at the same time as she shoves her hand down his pants rubbing him until he begins moaning from the pleasurable feeling . 
 `` wait , stop . '' 
 he says pulling her hand out of his pants and sitting up on the bed . 
 `` whatever is the matter ? '' 
 lathea pouts with her bottom lip trembling . 
 `` i 'm sorry , you are wonderful and beautiful , and i 'm sure that someday you will find the right man for you , but alas it 's not me . 
 i have things i must do , things i can not ignore and people i have responsibilities to . 
 if far off one day you are single then i shall find you again , i do not expect you to wait for me , but if the norns wish it then i 'm sure we will meet again . '' 
 he sighs shaking his head unable to believe the words are coming out of his mouth . 
 lathea begins crying on the bed clearly hurt at the thought of kol leaving her . 
 `` i 'm sorry lathea but that is the way of things . '' 
 he says rubbing her back . 
 `` marry me kol . '' 
 she says staring into his eyes . 
 `` i do n't care that you have to leave , i would gladly follow you into hell itself to be with you , and i will brave any risks that come our way , please just marry me . '' 
 looking at her kol 's body cries out to him again to accept her offer and his loins throb at the thought of her being his wife . 
 thinking about it he ca n't help but know that if they were to stay together he would grow to love her , but would it be fair to put her in such danger ? 
 `` i can see us falling madly in love and having a wonderful life together , but that would have to be after my long journey , i would not feel right having you in danger on my account . '' 
 he says getting up from the bed and heading back towards the tunnel . 
 `` i am sorry , i wish things were different but they are not . '' 
 swiftly the entrance to the tunnel closes over with rock sealing him in . 
 `` you 're not going anywhere kol ! 
 no man , -lrb- demigod or otherwise -rrb- leaves one of the huldra ! '' 
 she screeches getting to her feet and facing him . 
 `` the huldra ? '' 
 he gasps . 
 `` how did i not see it ? 
 the huldra were the children of adam and eve cast from the garden of eden . 
 her story fits perfectly she practically screamed it to me who she was . '' 
 he thinks . 
 as he watches her face twitches along with her body , her face becomes crinkled and old like hags , her eyes turn blood red and hair sprouts from her cheeks adding to her troll like features . 
 her body hunches over and her entire skin changes color to become grey , her hands grow claw finger nails and a tail springs from her butt swinging back and forth . 
 `` like so many others i will have you here for all time , it is a shame that you did n't just chose to be with me . 
 had you decided to stay with me willingly i would have stayed young and beautiful for all time along with you as my husband , but like all the others instead you decided to scorn my affections . '' 
 backing up against the wall kol stares at her in revulsion . 
 `` what others ? '' 
 `` why the other suitors . '' 
 says lathea pointing to a wall . 
 reluctantly turning his head to look at the wall kol stares in astonishment when he sees well over twenty men frozen in complete and utter fear in the walls of a large room . 
 `` i did n't scorn you . 
 i was trying to keep you from harm . '' 
 he reasons . 
 with extraordinary speed she flies across the room grabbing him and throwing him crossways into the small dresser on the other side of the cave . 
 `` i do n't care your reasons ! '' 
 she screams destroying everything around her . 
 `` look at me ! 
 the gods know you declined , they do n't care why ! 
 you could have saved me from this curse and i would have done anything for you ! 
 anything ! '' 
 `` your life is not my fault nor is your curse of my doing , now release me from this cave you call a home or i 'll be forced to make you . '' 
 he declares drawing power to his hands and making them glow . 
 `` in my home you have no chance of winning son of loki the more power you use the more you fuel me . '' 
 she squeals in delight . 
 with a simple wave of her hands kol 's power dissipates completely leaving him feeling drained and barley able to stand . 
 `` there is nothing you can do kol , you are mine . 
 had you developed your powers from your father completely things might have been different . '' 
 `` kol is not yours to have lathea , as it is you were not supposed to trap the other men that rejected you . 
 if you are unable to get a man to stay with you that 's something missing in you and no one else . '' 
 a new beautifully sweet voice chimes in . 
 whirling around lathea finds herself face to face with hypatia daughter of zeus the greek goddess of creativity , the sky and light . 
 `` this is not your business hypatia . '' 
 snarls lathea backing away fearfully . 
 `` that would be an incorrect assessment my dear , my father sent me to check on both kol and vasos ' progress since they have yet to complete a single quest . 
 as such if i found them hindered in any way , shape or form i was to provide aid without actually interfering . '' 
 `` ha you can not directly interfere ? 
 then if i wish i can trap kol here and all you can do is provide the lighting . '' 
 lathea laughs turning back towards kol . 
 `` maybe , maybe not but i can give him the gifts that are within my sphere of power . '' 
 without waiting for a reply hypatia appears next to kol giving him a gentle kiss on the cheek . 
 instantaneously a warm feeling spreads throughout kol 's entire body , he feels light on his feet and his power as infinite as the sky , and thoughts rush through his head , thoughts and ideas on how to use his powers in ways in never dreamt possible . 
 walking confidently towards lathea , kol smiles creating a staff from thin air . 
 `` my time here is done lathea . '' 
 without any movement or gesture from kol he reaches out with his powers forming ice around lathea 's waist and pulling her backwards into the wall trapping her there . 
 `` i must punish you for the wrong that you have done to these poor men . 
 i will drain you of your power adding it to my magic . 
 then i will use my magic to free them from their prison and release them into the world once again and finally i will turn you into a stone statue leaving you in the woods as a warning to all monsters of the world never to harm the people of midgard . 
 rejoice lathea , as you wished i am setting you free from your curse . '' 
 chapter 13 as the two of them enter the forest vasos ca n't shake the feeling that someone is watching them . 
 `` where is this gift supposed to be ? '' 
 questions sander looking around cautiously . 
 `` pan said that it would be right here when we entered the forest . '' 
 replies vasos looking around . 
 `` maybe we 're too early . '' 
 states sander . 
 `` or running too late . '' 
 retorts vasos . 
 nearly jumping out of their boots from the roar that echoes through the forest the two of them stare in awe as a lion the size of an elephant comes bounding towards them . 
 its golden fur glitters here and there as sunlight penetrating the foliage strikes the lion from time to time . 
 answering the threat vasos grabs sander throwing him high up into the trees to safety , a moment later he sails through the air in a long jump towards the lion with his sword ready . 
 landing a few feet in front of it as the creature skids to a stop vasos stands proud ready to fight to the death . 
 `` come beast and meet your death ! '' 
 he yells proudly . 
 shocking both vasos and sander the great nemean lion bows instead of attacking . 
 `` the gift ! '' 
 shouts sander from the tree branch . 
 `` what ? '' 
 says vasos clearly baffled still . 
 `` the gift from pan to us remember he said ... ahhh ! '' 
 stammers sander suddenly losing his grip and falling hitting every branch on the way down . 
 quick as light the nemean lion hops over vasos in a single smooth motion landing under sander just in time to catch him on its back . 
 `` oh yeah , the gift from the wild , does n't get to much better than the legendary nemean lion does it ? '' 
 smiles vasos sheathing his sword . 
 `` did n't your great , great grandfather hercules kill it ? '' 
 inquires sander with a raised eyebrow . 
 `` as a matter of fact he did , but of course like any monster it eventually comes back . '' 
 turning towards him the lion emits a low deep growl . 
 `` i do n't think he likes that you 're related to hercules or that you called him a monster . '' 
 laughs sander righting himself on its back . 
 confirming his comment the lion roars stepping a little closer to vasos baring its fangs for a moment before bowing again . 
 `` i really do n't care what the hell he likes or does n't like . '' 
 he mutters under his breath climbing onto the back of the lion himself . 
 `` by the way before i forget or lose the nerve , i 'd like to thank you for the way you protected me like that . '' 
 `` yeah well i 'm getting kind of fond of you already ; moreover i still owed you for saving me . '' 
 half smiles vasos without looking at him . 
 `` oh i see , so it was just about paying me back mainly ? '' 
 `` ah sure . '' 
 frowns vasos . 
 `` that and because we 're family and i like you . '' 
 he says lowering his voice during the last part . 
 `` is n't that sweet , i knew you had more to you than just the armored and angry soldier you are , there had to be some of your mother in your personality . '' 
 `` do n't mistake my kindness for weakness little cousin , yes i have a great expanse of empathy and love for those i care about and for humanity in general but never will that stop the drive i have to complete my responsibilities . 
 if anything , the scornful side of love fuels me to do some pretty wicked things . '' 
 feigning fear sander shakes a little . 
 `` scary , i 'm trembling with fear . 
 if you could possibly clear your vision and focus on the task at hand we can get moving . '' 
 `` ha , ha , tell your buddy here to take us to mantinea . '' 
 leaning down to the lions ear sander speaks directly into its ear . 
 `` speed us to mantinea my friend as quickly as you can . '' 
 promptly the lion shoots out of the forest running right through the pack of dancing kobaloi snatching one of them neatly in its jaws and swallowing it in one bite . 
 rapidly the lion travels across the lands of arcadia running so fast the two young men struggle to hold on . 
 `` finally we have begun the very quests that will have our names sung throughout the ages ! '' 
 shouts vasos to sander over the howl of the wind in their ears . 
 `` wonderful , what surprises do you think the gods will have us along the way ? '' 
 he replies . 
 out of nowhere a loud clang interrupts the conversation they 're having . 
 looking back at sander in question at the sound vasos wonders what he did to make it but when he looks at him sander just shrugs in response . 
 again the sound echoes through the air a moment later the lion roars looking to the right while gaining speed . 
 following it 's gaze vasos can barely see a shape traveling along side of them at a distance , as he watches trying to discern what it is three foot long spikes fly through the air hitting the side of the lion and bouncing off . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 queries sander straining to make out what it is . 
 `` i do n't think i want to find out . '' 
 answers vasos drawing his sword . 
 `` i do n't think it 's going to give us much of a choice . '' 
 gaining ground out in front of them the blurry spot turns towards them blocking their way , unable or unwilling to try and jump or dodged it the lion slows to a trot growling and heading towards the creature that they can now see clearly . 
 `` a manticore , you had to ask what problems we were going to have did n't you ? '' 
 moans vasos . 
 `` like this is my fault . '' 
 says sander taking a drink of his flask . 
 `` that 's what i 'm going with . '' 
 he says sliding off the lions back . 
 `` what 's your strategy oh wise one ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to destroy that thing so we can keep going . '' 
 vasos states walking towards the manticore while swinging his axe back and forth . 
 `` ok , so question for you , after you 're dead do you think the gods will force me to continue with this quest thing ? '' 
 before vasos can respond he has to dodge a barrage of spikes flying towards him , tensing the muscles in his legs vasos plans to leap high into the air but already the lion is reacting to the threat landing in front of him taking the brunt of the spikes on its side . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 mutters vasos looking up at sander . 
 sander slides off the back himself landing next to vasos . 
 `` it was n't my doing , apparently the lion likes you a little more than we thought . '' 
 `` surprising . '' 
 `` i 'll say , but be that as it may we still have the problem of the manticore that is now walking towards us . '' 
 nods sander in the direction of the manticore . 
 `` my power wo n't affect it from here , will yours ? '' 
 `` at this distance not a chance . '' 
 sighs sander . 
 `` hail little demigod treats , why do n't you come out and play with me ? 
 i promise i will finish you quickly , well except for the one called vasos , ares wants me to keep him alive for weeks eating him a little bit at a time . '' 
 `` sounds wonderful we 'll be out in just a second we just need a little more time to ... put some spices on . 
 we 'd hate for you to have come all this way for a couple of bland demigods . '' 
 yells sander . 
 `` that 's your masterful proposal ? 
 to feed him ? '' 
 `` no you dolt , i 'm just trying to buy us some time . 
 now let 's think , we have the nearly indestructible lion with us , your magic axe/sword thing , and my abilities to create vines , cause drunkenness , dance and insanity . 
 then there are your abilities to make people fall in love or whatever . 
 so what can we do with all of that ? '' 
 `` i also have enhanced strength but i do n't know how much i can lift yet . '' 
 `` great , when we need a love struck arm wrestling contest won i 'll make sure your schedule is open . '' 
 sander rolls his eyes sarcastically . 
 `` i never pictured you as a whiner sander being the son of dionysus , vasos i can see it from being aphrodite 's son . '' 
 snickers tyr appearing next to them leisurely petting the lion that begins purring . 
 sander stumbles backwards surprised at the appearance of this strange man but vasos just sighs in annoyance . 
 `` you 're just as bad as ares , what do you want tyr ? '' 
 `` watch your tone with me child i may not be your god of war but i am a god of war none the less . '' 
 he says pushing vasos into the lion . 
 staring into the war gods eyes vasos silently dares him to touch him again . 
 reading the look a sly smile crosses tyr 's face . 
 `` there 's some of the fire i knew you had , after all you do have some of hercules blood in your veins . '' 
 `` lord tyr , forgive vasos . 
 understandably he has issues with war gods . 
 so what can we do for you ? '' 
 `` by order of the all father odin , the young heroes , blah , blah , blah . 
 will go on quests and receive help and be tested , blah , blah , blah . 
 i bring another demigod to join the two of you , his name is sevrrir demigod son of heimdall and digas mother of all lions . '' 
 `` joy , another mouth to feed . '' 
 murmurs vasos . 
 `` your time is up demigods ! 
 i will wait no longer ! '' 
 roars the manticore . 
 meeting the manticore in midair the nemean lion fights as hard as it can tearing at the manticore all over causing its blood to stain the ground , but the manticore 's tail finally gets a luck shot blinding the lion by poking out its eyes and injecting it 's deadly venom into it . 
 slashing at the air wildly with its claws the lion roars in pain as the poison spreads through its body killing it slowly . 
 `` is that the best you can do ? '' 
 questions the manticore with a laugh hobbling towards the group . 
 `` i 'd advise you to rethink your position of fighting while i 'm here creature . 
 the chances of you surviving me are laudable . '' 
 smiles tyr as a giant sword appears in his hand . 
 noticing tyr for the first time the manticore frowns hesitant to move forward . 
 `` i was told the gods were not allowed in interfere directly . '' 
 `` any immortal may fight if the cause is just or if they are attacked , the ancient laws do not forbid that . '' 
 he says flatly . 
 `` so what then do you purpose happen now ? 
 it would seem that we are at a standstill . '' 
 `` actually , have you met sevrrir ? '' 
 questions tyr . 
 `` he and his mother have quite a problem with you . '' 
 `` sevrrir . '' 
 he repeats spitting on the floor . 
 exploding from nowhere is a giant lion the size of a rhino that attacks the manticore ferociously for a moment before bounding over to the group changing form again into a lithe young demigod . 
 he is five foot seven inches tall with golden brown hair and eyes , he has attractive features and a matching goatee the same color as his hair . 
 magically clothes appear on his body covering his nakedness . 
 strapped to his back is a massive axe glinting in the sun with a deadly sharp edge . 
 his clothes are dust colored brown matching his boots , they are tight fitting but obviously allow for free movement . 
 `` so these are the greek demigods huh ? 
 not much to look at are they . '' 
 `` evidently you have n't looked in the mirror lately . '' 
 grunts sander . 
 `` say that to my face loser . '' 
 growls sevrrir stepping up to sander . 
 `` back off kitty . '' 
 says vasos pushing sevrrir away . 
 `` we have more important things to deal with right now . '' 
 shooting another dirty look at tyr , vasos runs towards the manticore with his axe raised above his head , in one swift motion he jumps throwing the axe with all of his might at its head , smiling the creature tries to dodge but finds he 's stuck in place . 
 without noticing it sander wrapped thick vines around his legs entangling him completely . 
 a look of fear crosses its face for a moment at the axe speeding towards it , then at the last second he moves his head just enough to dodge the weapon . 
 `` a good try but not good enough . '' 
 staring at him quietly vasos just waits with his hand raised in the air puzzling the manticore until it hears the weapons speeding through the air . 
 swiftly he turns just in time for the axe to split its human head in two pieces as it flies back to vasos hand . 
 `` hmm not bad , not bad at all . 
 there may be hope for you yet , and what about you ? '' 
 questions sevrrir looking back at sander . 
 `` what is it you do ? '' 
 `` i drink . '' 
 he says flatly bringing his flask to his lips . 
 `` useful i 'm sure . '' 
 `` as much as i 'd love to watch you kids get along i have places to go and wars to fight , now you three play nice , good luck on surviving . '' 
 interjects tyr before disappearing . 
 `` war gods , yuck . '' 
 spits vasos walking back up to them . 
 `` show some respect , he is a god . '' 
 snarls sevrrir with his hand turning into a claw . 
 `` when i want your opinion i 'll give it to you sevrrir . '' 
 snaps vasos pushing past him to pick up his bag . 
 `` we 're not done vasos ! '' 
 sevrrir yells turning vasos around powerfully to face him . 
 forcefully vasos grabs him by the throat lifting him up and then slams him into the ground head first , without hesitation he lifts him up over his head throwing him over twenty feet away . 
 breaking into a running jump vasos lands a few feet away from him slamming his fist into the ground causing it to explode in a tidal wave of earth that flows towards sevrrir tossing his body into the air . 
 then before he can land vasos kicks him sending him back to sander 's feet . 
 `` welcome to the flip side of love buddy , i should have warned you that vasos has a bit of a temper . '' 
 laughs sander pouring some wine on sevrrir 's face . 
 struggling to regain his footing sevrrir desperately tries to force himself to a standing position , but vasos is on him in a second tackling him to the ground . 
 `` understand boy that i 'm in charge here , these are my quests and i wo n't take you or anyone else disrespecting me ! '' 
 he yells in his face . 
 `` understood . '' 
 he replies spitting out some blood onto the floor . 
 `` good , from this point on we are united . 
 we have more than enough enemies ' we do not need to fight among ourselves . '' 
 vasos says sternly helping sevrrir to his feet . 
 `` great now that we 're all friends let 's get on our way this sun is killing me . '' 
 moans sander walking toward the city in the distance . 
 sevrrir looks at vasos in question of how he can deal with him . 
 `` you 'll get used to him . '' 
 he answers the look . 
 `` doubtful . '' 
 answers sevrrir beginning to walk . 
 `` give it time , but aside from that we have ourselves some time before we get to the city so why do n't you tell me your story . '' 
 chapter 14 `` you ca n't do this ! '' 
 yells lathea . 
 `` i can do anything i chose enchantress and i have elected to make this example of you . '' 
 he says with magic flowing from his hands over her body . 
 her screams penetrate all the way to the forest above as her body slowly turns into stone . 
 `` a fitting punishment kol . '' 
 smiles hypatia grabbing kol 's arm and transporting both of them and the lathea statue to the surface along with the men who kol returns to normal with his magic . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 questions one of the men . 
 `` you have been freed from lathea 's curse by kol the punisher , son of loki . '' 
 she answers . 
 `` a son of loki saved us ? '' 
 `` indeed . '' 
 she smiles . 
 `` now go forth and spread the news among your people . '' 
 slowly the men each thank kol in turn before running off into the forest back towards their homes . 
 `` thank you gentle goddess for everything , you are as kind and generous as you are beautiful . '' 
 he blushes . 
 flushed a little herself she turns away . 
 `` it was my pleasure to aid you young hero . 
 i wish there was more time for me to spend with you but alas i must check on your counterpart in greece . 
 believe me though i will be seeing you again as soon as i can . '' 
 `` until that time my lady . '' 
 he bows deeply . 
 as her form starts to glow she blows him a kiss . 
 `` farewell kol . '' 
 kol sighs happily heading back towards the camp when he remembers he was supposed to find dinner . 
 shifting back into a different frame of mind he reaches out with his senses once again he finds the herd of deer not far from his current position . 
 slowly he begins to stalk through the forest tracking them when he has an epiphany . 
 closing his eyes for a moment he concentrates then all at once he shoots into the air flying high over the forest locating the deer immediately . 
 watching them steadily kol stretches out his hand towards them , without hesitation the largest buck in the group floats into the air with its neck snapping causing a long echoing crack through the forest sending the other deer running . 
 pleased with himself kol floats over the forest with his kill until silently he drops down into their camp . 
 `` bjorn ? '' 
 he calls out . 
 silence greets him in return indicating that the others are still not back . 
 content at being alone for the moment kol magically skins the deer and separates the meat while starting the fire to cook . 
 as he works he ca n't help but hum a song as his thoughts drift back toward hypatia , in his mind he remembers every detail of her face and body . 
 he remembers her voice and how it calmed him instantly , lost in the moment he does n't even notice the large man walking up to him . 
 `` ah to be young again . '' 
 says the stranger startling him so much he creates a shield around himself . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 kol demands with several magic knives appearing in his hand . 
 with a warm and disarming smile the tall man sits by the fire . 
 he has short black hair and dazzling ocean blue eyes that are kindly and wise . 
 his narrow face is offset by his square jaw and sharp nose , he has a perfect runners build lean and muscular . 
 on his head he is wearing a helmet with wings matching the armor covering his chest but leaving his arms bare and his leather pants are black and he is wearing boots that look comfortable and strong . 
 `` i 'm hermod god of messages , travel and such . 
 perhaps you have heard of me ? 
 he asks . 
 instantly the knives disappear as kol drops to one knee . 
 `` forgive me my lord i should have recognized you . '' 
 `` think nothing of it ; i know your mind was preoccupied at the moment . '' 
 he smiles pulling some of the meat off the spit to eat . 
 `` what can i do for you my lord ? '' 
 he questions returning to his cooking . 
 `` nothing what so ever . 
 i come with a message from odin for you and your uncle . '' 
 `` my uncle ? '' 
 he questions looking up from the food . 
 thunder splits the sky as thor appears at the edge of the camp . 
 `` what is the meaning of this hermod ? 
 my father ordered me here but was voiceless on the reasoning . '' 
 noticing kol near the fire thor ca n't help but unwillingly scowl at him although before he can say anything kol jumps up to his feet running over to thor who immediately raises his hammer in defense . 
 ignoring the danger from thor he continues running towards him until he falls at his feet with his face in the dirt . 
 `` lord thor , god of thunder , sky , fertility and benevolent protector of mankind . 
 i beg your forgiveness for the death of your son . 
 i was merely defending myself and i know that does not make it right nor does it excuse my crime against you . 
 it matters not what kind of man your son was , he was my cousin and your son , and i should n't have lost my temper . 
 for this offense i offer you my life in exchange for ragnar 's , if you deem it right to kill me i will accept that . '' 
 staring hard at the young demigod thor ca n't help but think of how different he is from his father , softening his look a bit he grabs kol 's shoulder gently helping him to his feet . 
 `` rise young demigod , it is true that i have allowed anger to fester in my heart against you for the death of my son . 
 i have wronged you in the regard that i had judged you unfairly because you are a child of loki 's . 
 as your father has said , i too have slain many in battle defending myself never has it been a family member but one day during ragnarok i will be forced to fight my nephew and slay him . 
 that aside i can not simply forgive you for what took place so this is my judgment , as you have given your life to me you will now be a surrogate son of mine as well as loki 's , you will listen to my guidance and pay me the heed you would a father . '' 
 `` as you wish lord thor . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` i mean father . '' 
 `` now my new son let us see what news hermod brings to us . '' 
 he says walking to the fire pulling off some meat for himself . 
 `` mmm , excellent food kol , all this meal is missing is some mead . '' 
 `` i agree , but before we get too befuddled by the thought of drinking let us parley . '' 
 he declares stuffing his mouth some more . 
 `` i bring good tidings , your son hallthor will be joining kol on his first two quests , and the greek demigod vasos has two demigods helping him . 
 odin believes it 's only fair that kol has the same advantage . '' 
 `` this is indeed good news , hallthor is strong and good , he is all i had hoped he would be , together with my new son here they will be a formidable force . 
 pray tell though who will be the third demigod accompanying them ? '' 
 questions thor . 
 `` none , kol has other help , but should the one called bjorn and his surrogate son ever abandon his side kol and hallthor will receive another companion . '' 
 he answers . 
 walking into the clearing bjorn and hagar stare for a moment at the scene in front of them . 
 `` now kol what have i told you about talking to strangers ? '' 
 jokes bjorn walking again . 
 `` hail bjorn . '' 
 thor smiles shaking the man 's hand . 
 `` it looks to me like you had a good day fishing , how do you fair this fine day ? '' 
 `` very well thor , i am surprised to find you here given what happened between kol and your son ragnar . 
 you would n't be here to try and take some measure of vengeance would you ? '' 
 he questions resting his hand on his sword . 
 `` not at all bjorn . 
 i was sent here by odin to hear the message hermod had for both kol and myself . 
 in regards to kol though , he and i have discussed what happened and things are fine between the two of us , in fact they are better than fine . 
 in exchange for the life of my son kol has offered himself as such i have accepted him as my surrogate son , i would not keep him from loki or tell him to not respect and listen to him , i simply ask that he follow my guidance as well as his considering me his father along with loki . '' 
 `` an interesting development , one that i had not seen coming . '' 
 `` does this mean that kol is leaving or company ? '' 
 questions hagar hopefully . 
 `` not at all child . '' 
 answers hermod . 
 `` kol must continue on his way , if you dislike his company it is you that will have to leave . '' 
 `` that wo n't be happening anytime soon . '' 
 announces bjorn . 
 `` bjorn , may i speak with you in private along with hermod ? '' 
 requests thor walking deeper into the forest . 
 the two other gods follow thor out of listening range from the others . 
 `` what is your game here vili ? 
 odin has decreed no direct interference on these quests . '' 
 asks thor concerned . 
 `` i do not interfere directly ; i am merely training the child . 
 when anything concerning the quest arises i allow him his own decisions good or evil . '' 
 he replies shortly . 
 `` odin has not disagreed with his choice thus far . '' 
 chimes in hermod . 
 as the three men are talking hagar walks up to the fire sitting across from kol staring at him . 
 noticing his stare kol sighs . 
 `` i 'm sorry about what happened between us earlier . '' 
 `` i 'm not kol . '' 
 he snaps making sure that only he hears his voice . 
 `` i did n't like you before we left the city , and i hate you completely now . 
 the only reason i followed you in the first place was because you were my ticket out of that life but now i have a father and i do n't need to pretend anymore . 
 one day after i have learned all i can from my father i will make him proud and defeat you in a fight to the death ! '' 
 `` well i can see this is a wonderful group i 'm going to be traveling with , which one of you lucky dogs is kol ? '' 
 questions a young man walking up to the two of them making himself right at home . 
 the stranger is five foot eight with dark skin , black hair and brown eyes , he has a medium build with the signs of muscle definition . 
 he has a friendly smile and a warm energy about him . 
 `` i 'm kol . '' 
 kol says extending his hand . 
 `` and you are ? '' 
 `` hallthor , son of thor and your companion for this quest . '' 
 `` and of course like everyone else the new guy ignores me focusing on you kol . '' 
 spits hagar . 
 `` are you always this whinny and unpleasant ? '' 
 questions hallthor staring at hagar . 
 `` because if you are i really do n't think we 're going to get along at all . '' 
 `` you do n't know me , how dare you make any judgments on me . '' 
 shouts hagar shooting to his feet and walking behind hallthor to stand over him . 
 `` back off my new brother hagar before i force you to . '' 
 rumbles kol . 
 `` brother ? '' 
 questions hallthor calmly . 
 `` i 'll tell you later , in the meantime do you want me to handle this mosquito for you ? '' 
 `` do n't bother ; he does n't seem like much of a threat . '' 
 `` that 's it get up ! '' 
 yells hagar . 
 `` should we intervene ? '' 
 asks hermod watching with thor and vili . 
 `` no . '' 
 the other two reply in unison . 
 `` unfortunately i believe our time with kol is at an end no matter how this turns out , hate grows in hagar 's heart towards him . '' 
 frowns vili . 
 `` why did you choose him as a son ? '' 
 asks hermod . 
 `` i have no child of my own and he has the potential to be great one day but first i must remove him from this situation , i had hoped that the two of them might work it out but now he seems to have a problem with hallthor as well . '' 
 `` it is ill-advisedly for hagar to do this . '' 
 states thor pointing back at the young men . 
 `` watch . '' 
 `` i said get up and face me ! '' 
 demands hagar balling his fists in anger . 
 `` i do n't think so , why do n't you sit instead and we can talk this out ? '' 
 `` no , if you do n't get up i 'll get you up ! '' 
 he yells . 
 `` do n't touch me kid that would be a mistake . '' 
 warns hallthor . 
 ignoring the warning hagar tries to grab hallthor by his shoulders but the moment he touches him a massive shock sends him flying backwards into a tree . 
 shaking his head to try and clear the fog from the electrocution he narrowly has time to see a war hammer slam into the tree next to his head . 
 `` that was a warning boy , had i wanted , you would be dead now . 
 things did not have to be this way , i offered to talk things out and you refused because of your short temper . 
 i 'd advise you to get that under control before that is the end of you . '' 
 hallthor pronounces without turning to face him while his hammer flies back to his hand . 
 laughing under his breath kol finishes laying the food out . 
 `` if you 're hungry and not too good to eat with us hagar the food is ready . '' 
 `` regrettably we will have to take some and leave my young friend , hagar and i have a different path to follow than you but one day i 'm sure our paths will cross again . 
 i have faith in you kol , become the hero i know you are meant to be . '' 
 interjects bjorn . 
 `` i have not completed my training yet . '' 
 reasons kol . 
 `` there is little more i can teach you kol , it 's time for both you and hallthor to teach each other and learn from the world around you . '' 
 `` i understand , good journey bjorn and thank you . '' 
 `` remember what i said kol . '' 
 sneers hagar turning his back and stomping off . 
 ignoring the comment kol watches them leave with the others . 
 `` i must leave as well , remember your promise to me kol . 
 i will never be far off should you need my council . '' 
 says thor disappearing before kol can say anything . 
 `` i will provide some mead and the three of us will feast on the food , then after you have broken camp we will leave . 
 i will take you to the edge of skaalholt where you will find transportation to ktn . '' 
 chapter 15 `` my father left me with a good family , i never went without . 
 my parents in roskilde are among the wealthiest , i was given the best education , formal training in combat from all over the world . 
 i was always top of my classes no matter the subject . 
 i had never known defeat until now when you fought me . '' 
 `` fighting demigods is a great deal different from fighting regular mortals . 
 i mean take sander there for example , looking at him and talking with him you would never believe that he could be any kind of threat , but sander can make a person instantly drunk , dance or crazy and on top of that he can grow and control vines . '' 
 answers vasos . 
 `` i thought he was simply a drunk you felt pity for . '' 
 laughs sevrrir . 
 `` not at all , the gods led me to him the same way they led you to us . '' 
 `` i wonder why these quests are happening at all , there has to be more to it than what we 've been told . '' 
 questions sevrrir thoughtfully . 
 `` i have pondered the same thing but i 'm sure it will be revealed to us in time , until then all we can do is continue on our path . '' 
 `` i suppose you 're right , i have tried to find out what is happening but my sight has been blocked . '' 
 `` speaking of which , am i correct in assuming that you have your fathers abilities to hear and see great distances along with the ability to shape shift into a lion ? '' 
 `` indeed . 
 my abilities have saved my life and exposed many falsehoods in my time showing me exactly who i can and ca n't trust . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` for instance your little friend up there has been complaining nonstop about me since you and i have been talking . '' 
 `` i figured as much but believe me when i say that were you in trouble he would come to your aid . '' 
 `` we shall see . '' 
 hisses sevrrir . 
 `` give him a chance he will prove himself to you , if not you always have me watching your back . '' 
 `` my gratitude i ... wait , stop . 
 sander move now ! '' 
 yells sevrrir running towards him . 
 sander slowly turns towards the sound of sevrrir 's voice but just stays staring at him instead of running . 
 vasos begins running after the other demigod wondering what it was that spooked him when the ground starts rumbling in answer . 
 turning into a lion sevrrir doubles his speed towards sander who is struggling to keep his footing . 
 as the ground explodes from underneath him sevrrir pushes sander out of the way just in time being engulfed himself instead . 
 standing in his place is a sphinx flanked by two gegenees on either side , the six armed giants stare at them with foam covered mouths and jagged teeth . 
 in each hand is a sword and dutifully they obediently stand at attention . 
 `` give us back our friend sphinx or face our wrath ! '' 
 yells vasos . 
 with a fang filled smile the beautiful face of the sphinx smiles at them silently . 
 for a moment she spreads her massive wings blotting out the sun while her tail on her massive lion 's body swishes back and forth playfully . 
 `` if you want your friend back you will have to get past me little demigod . '' 
 she growls . 
 staring at the creatures on either side vasos curls his lip in a sneer . 
 `` fine what 's the riddle ? '' 
 `` i never said anything about a riddle did i ? 
 no son of aphrodite , i will not surrender this prize willingly , i have long hunted this boy . 
 his hag of a mother has charged him to hunt down and destroy any monster that is part lion , i will not be sent back to tartarus like the others i will destroy him before he destroys me . 
 already life is slipping away from him , i can feel it . '' 
 charging his voice with his power again vasos looks into her yellow eyes . 
 `` there 's no need for us to fight , sevrrir is no threat to you he is now part of our quest . '' 
 laughing wildly the sphinx stares at vasos and sander . 
 `` your powers will not work on me demigod nor will his , i am beyond your influences . '' 
 `` i do n't have time for this ! '' 
 shouts sander focusing his power . 
 the ground splits , pulled apart by thousands of grape vines reveling sevrrir limp body already unconscious from the lack of air , in seconds the vines wrap around him and pull him to sanders side who instantly rises into the air on the vines high above the whole group in relative safety . 
 `` right . '' 
 sighs vasos holding his axe tightly . 
 `` i will have my prize ! '' 
 yells the sphinx . 
 `` attack ! '' 
 `` no you will not ! '' 
 booms another voice interrupting the group . 
 everyone freezes turning to the new voice to find the titan of the earth bion , at five foot nine inches tall with blond hair and blue eyes his massive build towers over the others and intimidates the creatures . 
 `` you can not intervene bion it is forbidden . '' 
 reasons the sphinx . 
 `` it is forbidden for the gods to interfere , i am not a god , and i am a titan and can do exactly what i please . '' 
 he snaps creating a rock giant from the earth itself . 
 crashing down with both its fists the giant destroys the two six armed sidekicks , then turning towards the sphinx it grabs it lifting it high into the air and ripping it apart as it screams in protest . 
 lowering himself and sevrrir back to the ground now that the danger has past sander helps the dazed demigod to vasos and bion . 
 `` thank you bion . '' 
 says vasos flatly . 
 `` do not distrust me because i am a titan vasos , i was born at the beginning of the war and was raised by prometheus and all the gods . 
 i have no aspirations of conquest or malice towards anyone in particular although i do enjoy the occasional beating of a monster though . '' 
 relaxing a bit vasos does a stiff bow . 
 `` forgive me lord bion if i offended you , we are grateful for your aid . '' 
 `` please , do n't call me lord . 
 we are family and although we do not know each other well i would like to be your friend and teach you all the things the gods would not have time to . '' 
 he smirks patting him on the back . 
 `` to tell you the truth i 've been keeping a close eye on you just in case , the gods have taken an unhealthy interest in these quests and not all of them are friend to you . '' 
 `` so i 've heard . '' 
 mutters vasos . 
 `` i do not know the full extent of why these quests were issued , zeus has kept it a closely guarded secret . 
 i will do all i can to find out though , in the meantime i will aid you in your journey and heal your companion . '' 
 walking over to sevrrir who is barely conscious bion touches his forehead healing him instantly . 
 `` now for the aid i will provide , the demigod in the norse lands was transported a great distance to help them out , i will do the same for you . 
 furthermore , i have these bags for you full of supplies that will sustain you on the rest of your journey . 
 there is a small wood stick that will light any fire on command , a flask that refills itself with water and a magic arrow that will kill any animal you hunt for food on the first strike . '' 
 `` generous gifts . '' 
 says sevrrir rubbing his head . 
 `` i take care of my friends the best that i can . '' 
 smiles bion reassuringly . 
 `` so how about you take care of us by completing one of the quests for us ? '' 
 questions sander jokingly . 
 `` coward . '' 
 mumbles sevrrir . 
 `` this coward saved your life . '' 
 he retorts . 
 `` it 's true . '' 
 interjects vasos . 
 `` now both of you shut up we have company . '' 
 laughing bion interrupts them . 
 `` it 's fine ; do n't worry about it i 'm just one of the guys . 
 what say we head out and we can continue this at argos ? '' 
 raising his hands in the air a circle of energy encompasses the group transporting them to the gates of the city of argos . 
 `` what do you say we all get a drink and a good night sleep before heading out on our journey tomorrow ? '' 
 asks sander . 
 `` that sounds great to me but unfortunately i 've got to be going . '' 
 answers bion . 
 `` zeus is summoning me back to olympus . 
 farewell my brave friends i will be watching should you need help . '' 
 `` what do you say vasos ? 
 or are you intent on leaving now ? '' 
 questions sevrrir . 
 `` i do n't relish the idea of braving the open sea during the night to start our journey , i say we have a good dinner ... '' `` with some drinks ! '' 
 adds sander . 
 `` okay with some drinks and a good night sleep . '' 
 `` lead the way then vasos to food , drink and the start of our journey into the unknown . '' 
 sevrrir says looking at the massive city . 
 chapter 16 `` that was a great meal kol maybe you should give up this hero thing and become a cook instead . '' 
 laughs hallthor as the two of them walk through the small fishing village . 
 `` sure i 'd make some man very happy . '' 
 he jokes . 
 `` anyway so this is holt , not much to look at is it ? '' 
 `` it is a small village but it has a comfortable feeling to it i think , if you look around everyone seems friendly , calm and happy . '' 
 says hallthor waving at passersby . 
 before kol can answer a man flies out of a bar through the door into the street right in front of them . 
 `` you were saying ? '' 
 he giggles . 
 `` my kind of town . '' 
 `` shall we check it out ? '' 
 kol questions listening to the sounds of fighting coming from inside the bar still . 
 `` good deeds and peace keepers and all of that ? '' 
 `` no , i just wanted to beat up on some jerks . '' 
 he laughs . 
 thinking for a moment he looks at the bar then back at kol . 
 `` yeah , okay . '' 
 the two of them walk into the dimly lit bar to find a young man around their age fending off several others with a trident . 
 his black hair is hanging down slightly over his ocean blue eyes , visibly his clothes are ripped in multiple places from sword cuts that he is slightly bleeding from . 
 he 's about six feet tall and built like all he has done is workout . 
 `` you 're going to pay for breaking my cart one way or another greek boy , your gods do n't protect you here . '' 
 grumbles a dirt covered man clearly in charge of the others . 
 `` i told you it was n't my fault . '' 
 snaps the young man . 
 `` and i do n't need anyone 's help to take you and your cronies on . '' 
 `` bold words boy i look forward to making you eat them . '' 
 flooding the room comes ten more men armed to the teeth intent on ending the life of the young man . 
 `` okay cowards , who dies first ? '' 
 he questions bravely looking around the room . 
 `` are you just going to sit here and watch ? '' 
 questions hypnos appearing at the table sitting next to them with a drink in his hand . 
 yawning uncontrollably kol and hallthor just stare for a moment as everyone in the bar freezes as if time had stopped for a moment . 
 `` by the look of things and the feeling of overwhelming exhaustion i 'm guessing you are one of the gods but i am sorry to say i do n't know which one . '' 
 yawns kol rubbing his eyes . 
 `` not to worry kol i am one of the greek gods i would not expect you to know us by sight ... yet . '' 
 `` forgive us none the less my lord . '' 
 hallthor replies half asleep with his head on the table . 
 `` again no apologies are necessary and i am hypnos god of sleep and the young man being attacked is the demigod son of poseidon , i transported him here but inopportunely i dropped him right on top of that farmers cart over there destroying it a bit , believe it or not all of the gods do make the occasional mistake . 
 but to make a long story short curios there woke to some pretty angry people , well one thing led to another there was some fighting and bit of name calling and then low and behold we are here . 
 oh yeah , did i mention he 's meant to help you on your quest ? '' 
 waking up a bit kol stares at hypnos dreamily . 
 `` that 's great news , very top shelf . '' 
 `` yes well you can see that he could use a little help or he may be injured or die . '' 
 says hypnos more insistently . 
 `` that 's wonderful death and injury like a warm blanket . '' 
 whispers hallthor drifting further into sleep . 
 `` every time . '' 
 he sighs looking at them . 
 with a wink hypnos robs them of sleep completely reversing it and giving them insomnia instead . 
 `` what ? '' 
 kol staggers shooting to his feet at the same time as hallthor jumps up , instantly kol 's magical staff appears in his hands and hallthor grasps his two war hammers . 
 `` relax boys , now as i was saying curios there is in rather deep trouble and requires your help , he will join you and aid you in the trails ahead . '' 
 repeats hypnos . 
 `` you can help him now or watch to gage his skills before he joins you the choice is yours . '' 
 with the last word hypnos dissolves into thin air allowing everything to speed up back to normal . 
 `` what do you think he will choose ? '' 
 questions lady sif , wife of thor , standing next to hypnos as the two of them stare into the window of the bar . 
 `` i believe he will help , he is nothing like loki . 
 if he were i do not believe thor would have made the choice he did . '' 
 replies hypnos . 
 `` i remain unconvinced . '' 
 she says crossly . 
 `` let us continue to watch and see then . '' 
 he replies coolly . 
 `` what 's the play kol this is your party in the end , i 'll follow your lead . '' 
 hallthor comments watching the men circle the young demigod . 
 `` i think he 's proven himself already holding his own since before we arrived on the scene and even were he not a demigod or part of this quest i do n't like bullies , twelve against one is hardly fair . '' 
 says kol getting to his feet . 
 `` back away from him ! '' 
 yells kol getting on top of the table before jumping over the group and landing next to curios who eyes him suspiciously . 
 `` you the hell are you ? '' 
 asks one of the men in the group stepping forward . 
 freezing the man in place from the waist down kol smiles . 
 `` i am kol son of loki and surrogate son of thor . '' 
 the whole building shakes with the sound of thunder for a moment as hallthor 's hammers whiz through the air slamming into the floor between kol and the mob . 
 `` and i am hallthor son of thor attack us and our comrade if you dare ! '' 
 slowly and silently the mob disperses leaving only the man whose cart was destroyed standing alone . 
 `` this man destroyed my cart ! '' 
 the man whines . 
 `` through no fault of his own , it was the gods that transported him here and dropped him on top of your cart . 
 if you wish complain to them . '' 
 says hallthor joining the others . 
 anxiously waiting for his reply hypnos begins building some power in his hands . 
 `` no , i am sorry i did not believe him before , may the gods forgive me and be praised . '' 
 he huffs heading for the door . 
 `` he passed your test sif . '' 
 says hypnos powering down . 
 `` so he did , yet i remain unconvinced . 
 he can not change who his father is or the fact that he has his blood in him , many a time has loki fooled us into believing he could be trusted , i will not make that mistake with his child . '' 
 she says walking away . 
 `` give him a chance sif . '' 
 `` one chance , that 's all he gets . '' 
 she says vanishing . 
 `` stay good kol , i and others have faith in you . '' 
 whispers hypnos disappearing himself with one last look at him through the window . 
 `` that went well . '' 
 hallthor says cheerfully . 
 `` better than i hoped , now for formal introductions . 
 as you no doubt heard i am kol son of loki and thor and this is hallthor son of thor . '' 
 states kol shaking curios ' hand . 
 `` thank you both for your aid , you 've no idea how difficult it was to fend them off without really hurting any of them . '' 
 he smiles shaking the hand heartily . 
 `` i am in both of your debts , as you also no doubt know i am curios son of poseidon . 
 any aid i can give you on your journey will be yours . '' 
 `` we will be better off for the aid my friend especially since we have to travel by water for the next leg of our journey , hopefully having the son of an ocean god will bring us some good luck . '' 
 prays hallthor . 
 `` i can do more than just luck , i have spent all my time mastering my power over water and storms and earthquakes , and i can cut the time at sea in half . 
 plus any creatures from my father or his domain i can communicate with . '' 
 he smiles confidently . 
 `` with you two by my side i believe we have a real chance to complete these quests with little resistance and i do n't mind saying for the first time i do n't feel alone . '' 
 kol says throwing his arms around their shoulders leading them to the bar . 
 `` i 'm glad my friend and trust me you are not alone . '' 
 smiles curios taking a drink . 
 `` if you do n't mind me asking though how is it that you are a son of both loki and thor ? 
 from what we greeks understand loki and thor are enemies . '' 
 `` yeah what 's the deal with that ? '' 
 questions hallthor . 
 frowning at the thought kol turns to hallthor . 
 `` understand my friend that i would never wrong you if i could help it so please do n't judge me too harshly . 
 everything started when i was still very young , in the city where i grew up lived a demigod named ragnar . '' 
 `` what !? '' 
 yells hallthor shooting to his feet . 
 `` it 's you ! 
 you 're the one who killed ragnar ?! '' 
 kol closes his eyes while slightly shaking his head . 
 `` who 's ragnar ? '' 
 asks curios surprised at hallthor 's behavior . 
 looking past kol to curios , hallthor answers . 
 `` ragnar was my half-brother another demigod son of thor from a different mother , he along with his older brother calder and i were raised together for a few years before our father separated us . 
 recently he was killed by another demigod but my father would n't tell me who it was and now i find out it was kol . '' 
 `` yikes , well this is clearly none of my business . '' 
 says curios turning towards the bar again and focusing on his drink . 
 `` look at me kol . '' 
 demands hallthor . 
 turning towards him sorrowfully kol looks into the other man 's eyes silently . 
 `` tell me truthfully kol , were you the one that killed ragnar ? '' 
 he asks intently staring at him . 
 `` it 's true but before you judge me for this crime against you hear me out , ragnar was ... '' surprised kol is interrupted by hallthor pulling him into a giant hug . 
 `` he was an evil creature from the depths of hell ! '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 questions kol clearly baffled . 
 `` say again . '' 
 insists curios turning back towards them . 
 `` ragnar and calder used to nearly beat me to death when we were growing up , they constantly tortured and tormented me in every way they could think of , they would ridicule me and say that i was weak and undeserving to be a child of thor 's . 
 finally my father came and trained me himself before leaving me with a good family to help raise me , for my last birthday he gave me the two war hammers as a present . 
 they allow me to fly and come to me with a thought . '' 
 `` so you 're not angry with me ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` hell no , i wanted to kill them both myself but my father , our father forbade me to fight them . '' 
 `` that 's such a relief ; i was worried you were going to hate me . '' 
 `` so how did it happen that you killed him ? '' 
 questions curios . 
 `` well back in skaalholt where i 'm from calder runs a group of warriors who force everyone to pay them money ; they kill without cause and take anything they want including women . 
 ragnar was doing the same thing to all the teenagers and kids in the city learning to be like his brother so he could join him when he came of age . 
 for the longest time i paid along with everyone else , then one day i did n't wake up in time for his diminutive meeting . 
 to make a long story short he found me starting beating me up , and was going to rape me . 
 i fought back and he was killed during the altercation . '' 
 `` no one would fault you for defending yourself in such a manner but it still does n't explain how you became an adopted son of the god whose child you killed , in my experience the gods are n't so forgiving . '' 
 states curios . 
 `` i offered my life in exchange for the one i took , thor accepted and allowed me to live on the terms that i listen to him and treat him as a father . '' 
 he answers . 
 `` this is too great . 
 one of those jerks is dead and gone and i get a better brother ! '' 
 `` i never had any family growing up , my mother died in child birth and i moved from place to place scrounging for food anywhere i could , i did n't even find out i was a demigod until a month ago . 
 being around you both i finally have a sense of what having a family would be like . '' 
 says curios thoughtfully . 
 `` i ca n't speak for kol but from this day forth you can count me as a brother , i will hence forth protect you and fight by your side as all the gods as my witnesses . 
 i am and always will be your family . '' 
 smiles hallthor slamming his fifth shot . 
 before curios can respond kol exclaims . 
 `` i agree . 
 i am your brother as well , you are my family and i yours . '' 
 welling up a little bit curios pulls them both into a hug . 
 `` thank you my brothers , i am your family and i pledge my life to you both here and now and should either of you ever need i will give my life for yours . '' 
 `` to our family and the success of our quests ! '' 
 shouts kol raising his glass . 
 the others join in the toast heartily laughing and joking with one another while they talk about what they will do once the quest is over and their hopes and dreams . 
 together their bond grows as they celebrate into the night unaware that they are being watched . 
 `` enjoy your happiness for now boys because tonight i will rob you of your hope and courage . '' 
 hisses a sinister woman . 
 chapter 17 vasos tries to look like he knows where he 's going even though it was the first time he had laid eyes on the city . 
 the massive city was built into the alcove side of a mountain which led right to the water that was dotted with more ships than he has ever seen . 
 around the city lay a twenty foot high wall protecting its interior from invaders , the city itself was building after building built so close together you could reach out one window and high five your neighbor if you wished , each building was strong and sturdily built from stone designed to last through the ages , but the most breath taking sight was the massive palace sitting at the top of the mountain . 
 shining radiantly in the afternoon sun vasos could tell that it was at least thirty feet high and easily the width of fifty feet , colors vibrantly painted splashed in beautiful designs decorating the outside drawing such attention to detail that you could n't help but look at them . 
 as the trio walks further into the city vasos notices that a guard is following them at a distance . 
 `` it looks like we have some company . '' 
 he whispers to the others . 
 `` the guard ? '' 
 questions sevrrir without turning around . 
 `` yes , and three guards just appeared in the path up ahead . '' 
 points out sander . 
 `` what 's the plan ? '' 
 questions sevrrir . 
 `` we stick to our plan and get some food , drink and rest . 
 after all , we 've done nothing wrong . '' 
 says vasos . 
 `` you 're absolutely right we 've done nothing wrong . '' 
 points sander at himself than sevrrir . 
 `` you on the other hand are wanted for murdering icterus . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 questions sevrrir stopping in his tracks . 
 `` you murdered someone ? '' 
 `` it was n't murder it was vengeance , the slimy coward jumped me with several others nearly killing me , when i was well enough i fought him in single combat and killed him . 
 after he was defeated his little gang came after me who included the head of the royal guard , i fled before they could catch me . 
 then i was given this quest and here i am , never was it murder . '' 
 `` tell them that . '' 
 replies sander as the guards close in on them . 
 `` i will , but if they try to take me do not interfere . 
 i will not have you both pursued as wanted men on my account . 
 depending on what they do if i fight meet me at dawn on the dock from there we will flee together , understood ? '' 
 he questions . 
 they both nod their heads in agreement as the guards surround them . 
 `` vasos demigod son of aphrodite you will come with us right now . '' 
 demands the captain in charge stepping forward . 
 `` and if i refuse ? '' 
 inquires vasos placing his hand on his weapon . 
 all ten of the soldiers quickly level their spears at the three of them in response . 
 `` i insist on it . '' 
 `` you 're pushing your luck captain . '' 
 growls sevrrir as his claws begin forming on his nails . 
 `` no one asked your opinion boy . '' 
 sanps another soldier . 
 `` and if you do n't stop threatening my friends i 'll personally see to it that you all take a ride with the ferry man across the river sticks tonight . '' 
 yells vasos drawing his weapon and forcing them all to take a step backwards . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 yells a voice over the crowd . 
 quickly the soldiers part to the side reveling the king walking towards them with his personal body guard . 
 he is finely dressed in flowing golden robes and sitting on top of his salt and pepper hair is a circlet of gold . 
 standing at just over six feet and barrel chested vasos can tell that at one point he must have been a force to be reckoned with but now his brown eyes revel a kind of sadness . 
 `` i am sorry for the misunderstanding young demigod , when word reached me that you were in my city i just had to meet you , my guards were to find you and extend to you an invitation to the palace . 
 forgive them if they got a little pushy but already word has spread of your deeds and fighting prowess , they were merely being cautious . 
 now if you would be so kind , please join me for dinner , i have a favor to ask of you . '' 
 smiles the king . 
 `` and what of my friends ? '' 
 asks vasos putting away his sword . 
 `` they are welcome to come as well but they must have dinner separately while we converse . '' 
 reassures the king . 
 `` we accept . '' 
 agrees vasos nodding at the others to follow him . 
 together they walk towards the palace turning heads as they go , people stop their shopping and whisper into one another 's ears commenting on who the strangers are and why they are being escorted to the palace . 
 leaning over to vasos and whispering in his ear sander questions the wisdom of his decision . 
 `` are you sure this was the wisest course of action ? '' 
 `` i ca n't believe i agree with the wino but i am wondering the same thing . '' 
 adds sevrrir . 
 `` it will be ok , but take in everything you see on the way to the palace and once we are there make sure to come up with escape roots based on your observations . 
 if things go south you already know where to meet . '' 
 he whispers back . 
 `` they do n't seem to know that you too are demigods so we have that advantage if attacked we will have the benefit of surprise . '' 
 `` is everything alright ? '' 
 questions the captain of the guard looking back at them . 
 `` everything is fine . '' 
 replies vasos evenly . 
 the rest of the time is spent taking in everything around them and asking questions in the guise of interested tourists . 
 after a few short minutes the group arrives at the palace , the inside of it is even more gorgeous than the outside , the splendor of the place take all of their breath away . 
 the halls are painted gold fading into yellow and then back again , also every ten feet or so are beautiful tapestries decorating the walls . 
 the furniture is oak with diamonds and other precious jewels inlaid with gold weaving in intricate patterns . 
 every piece of fabric is vivacious with color and made from the finest materials of the known world . 
 noticing their stares the king beams . 
 `` do you like it ? '' 
 `` it 's amazing . '' 
 answers sevrrir first . 
 `` never before have i seen such a collection of beautiful things . '' 
 `` thank you young man , i have worked long and hard to acquire everything i have . 
 it warms my heart when anyone appreciates it but where are my manners ? 
 i 'm sure that you are all weary from your journey , my attendants will take you all somewhere so you can bathe before dinner . '' 
 answers the king . 
 `` you are very gracious king ... ? '' 
 asks vasos . 
 `` relious . '' 
 he answers heading down the hall . 
 the three men walk down the large hall following the attendant in silence until they come to a large room with a bath the size of a swimming pool . 
 `` you may all bathe separately or together , the choice is yours . 
 `` she says beginning to strip . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 questions sander clearly surprised . 
 `` preparing to bathe you my lord , it is part of my duties at the palace to bathe people , and should you wish to take me as yours for that time you have that option as well , do you not find me attractive ? '' 
 she questions allowing the rest of her robes to fall from her perfect body . 
 `` you are perfect and if it 's part of your duties here well then who am i to say no ? '' 
 he says eagerly beginning to strip . 
 smiling , the young lady walks over to help him undress when vasos walks over stopping her . 
 `` as much as i would love you to bathe me and my friends , believe me , we do not require any help for the time being . 
 after i am done you can meet me in my room to help me dress . '' 
 he says picking up her clothes and handing them to her . 
 watching her walk out sander mopes as he lowers himself into the water . 
 `` did she really have to go or was it that you did n't want to share her with us ? '' 
 questions sander dunking his head under the water for a second . 
 `` do n't be so daft sander , the woman had to leave so we could speak freely . '' 
 he says stripping down and entering the water himself . 
 `` is that correct vasos ? '' 
 vasos steps into the water himself before answering . 
 `` yes and i need you to insure that it is safe to speak , reach out with your senses and find out if anyone else is watching or listening . '' 
 nodding his head in agreement sevrrir focuses his senses looking around the room slowly . 
 `` the room is secure for now . '' 
 he confirms . 
 `` good , now i do n't know what it is the king wishes of me but i do n't like this situation . 
 whatever he wishes to speak to me about does not bode well for me i 'm sure , be ready to flee this place at a moment 's notice . 
 after i go to see the king i will come back to discuss our plans , nothing should hinder me from meeting you so if you have not heard from me by morning flee this place and meet me at the dock . '' 
 `` and how long should we wait there ? '' 
 questions sander . 
 `` till he shows up of course , we do n't leave any of our people behind , even you sander . '' 
 snaps sevrrir . 
 `` no if at the end of the day i am not there find a ship and sail to melos without me , one way or another i will meet you there . '' 
 later that night vasos stares at his bed happily watching the servant girl sleep for a moment before he throws on his clothes which were freshly cleaned for him by the staff . 
 heading out of his room vasos ca n't help but whistle with a little hop in his step after his fun time with the girl and the freshly washed clothes . 
 entering the dining hall he is just in time to see his two friends being led by another servant into a large room adjacent to the dining room he will be in . 
 `` please sit . '' 
 smiles relious . 
 `` i realize that this must all seem very strange . '' 
 `` what would you ask of me ? '' 
 questions vasos getting to the point . 
 `` you are very direct , i respect that . 
 i need you to help steal a young woman for me and then make her fall in love with me using your powers . '' 
 vasos stares at him with his mouth gapping unable to believe what the man is asking . 
 `` before you say anything you should know that i know that the children of aphrodite can siren speak forcing people to do their will , i know this because i have caught many if not all of your siblings ; regrettably they were unwilling to cooperate . 
 also you should know that at this very moment my men are apprehending your friends and they will have a very nice stay in my dungeon until you complete this task that i set you . '' 
 `` that was a mistake . '' 
 vasos says taking another bite of his food . 
 as if on cue noise echoes through the hall from the next room , standing abruptly the king stomps over to the door flinging it open to find fifteen of his best guards running around on all fours and barking like dogs . 
 `` did you really believe we would n't be prepared for some sort of treachery ? '' 
 vasos questions still sitting at the table . 
 `` i will not have any leverage held over me . 
 now you will let me go . '' 
 `` your siren speak will not work on me or any of my soldiers while you were in the bath we took a special potion that makes us immune to your powers and as you have left your weapon in the room there is nothing you can do but be our prisoner . '' 
 he laughs evilly as ten soldiers flood the room surrounding vasos . 
 pushing his seat away from the table vasos stands up evenly looking at each one of the soldiers in turn . 
 `` i give to the option to leave now , if you do n't leave i will be forced to hurt you , decide . '' 
 `` do not fear him ; there is nothing he can do ! '' 
 shouts the king . 
 waiting for another minute vasos just stares at them . 
 `` so be it . '' 
 swiftly he jumps into the air all the way up to the ceiling thirty feet above , then coming down he puts all of his force into a single punch hitting the floor so hard it shakes the palace so hard every single one of the soldiers lose their footing and fall down . 
 immediately he stretches out his hand patiently waiting until with a mighty boom his axe flies through the wall into his hand . 
 `` now little tin king we will discuss a new proposal . '' 
 says vasos standing over relious . 
 chapter 18 the drinking lasted far into the night , longer than kol had planned but it was worth it . 
 the three of them were bonded in friendship and family with a sense of purpose when it came to the quest . 
 kol had never been close to anyone in his life before and now that he had people in his life that he cared for it somewhat bothered him . 
 he would n't allow any harm to come to the new brothers if he could help it at all and there in laid the problem , any enemy could exploit this vulnerability and use it against him . 
 life was going to be much more dangerous for him from now on but even though he had worries about what would happen next he would n't change it for the world . 
 he finally had a real family . 
 walking into their room kol ca n't help but smile while looking at the other two demigods . 
 they were sprawled out in awkward positions on the floor ; clearly they had tried to make it to the beds but were unsuccessful . 
 flopping down on one of the beds kol is overtaken by sleep in minutes as his mind drifts into dreams . 
 a cackling laugh shatters the silence of the room for a moment as an eerie shadow begins to emerge from the walls . 
 moments later a five foot two woman steps into the dim moonlit room , she has pure black eyes and ash white skin . 
 her brown hair is messy and tangled sticking out in multiple directions , as she looks around the room at the three men her mouth breaks into a smile reveling two fangs protruding further than the others and dripping drool . 
 her claw like nails glimmer in the night as she draws closer to the middle of the room and her pure white shirt and shorts hang loosely on her body . 
 `` which one of you will be first ? '' 
 she questions in a hiss . 
 `` perhaps it would be best to start with the pure hearted son of thor . '' 
 half walking and half floating the creature approaches hallthor flipping him onto his back and straddling his body the hag of a woman leans down to his face breathing a white fog from her mouth into his . 
 for a moment hallthor moves around in his sleep as if he 's trying to escape but the woman holds him firm breathing more fog into his mouth . 
 in hallthor 's dreams he is well respected and loved by everyone in midgard and asgard , proudly he is standing in the hall of his father called bilskirnir . 
 thor is beaming with pride as he and kol walk down the aisle way with the people cheering vigorously , this is the day he has been waiting for . 
 throughout the past years he , with the help of his adopted brother , has become the most famous demigod in all the worlds , time and again they have defeated monsters and saved both midgard and asgard among other worlds . 
 finally his day has come , today is the day that both he and kol will be made immortal , full asgardians and to top that off today he will also be crowned king . 
 standing at the back of the crowd silently staring is the woman from the room , as she watches the ceremony her body shifts and changes shape until she is the perfect clone of calder . 
 `` hallthor my son and hero known through midgard and asgard today is a special day for both you and my adopted child kol . 
 step forward and hand me your hammers . '' 
 booms thor . 
 `` my hammers ? '' 
 questions hallthor hesitantly looking at kol who shrugs unsure . 
 `` are you questioning what i say ? '' 
 thor queries with a bit of irritation entering his voice . 
 `` no father . '' 
 he answers quickly handing over his weapons . 
 grabbing the hammer thor turns forcing them to disappear into thin air . 
 `` good , now everything is almost as it should be . 
 first off kol , you have been part of my children for a great many years now fighting side by side with hallthor . 
 you have supported him throughout his journey and shown who you truly are . '' 
 beaming from the praise kol begins to bow but before he can complete it a sword pierces his back exiting through his chest , as he dies kol just stares down at the blade in horror . 
 hallthor turns in complete shock to see calder ramming the sword deeper with a laugh , anger swells in his chest but before he can do anything thor 's hammer rams into his chest knocking him to the ground breathless . 
 `` why father ? '' 
 he questions over the cheering of the crowd . 
 `` because kol is a useless child of loki , never did i care for him . 
 i used both kol and yourself for my own ends , i had originally hoped you would die on one of the quests i sent you on but alas you two had a bad habit of surviving . 
 in the end though it was for the best , the satisfaction of watching kol die in front of me was much more enjoyable . 
 as for you hallthor you have always been a disappointment to me , it was not calder and ragnar that chose to beat and torture you it was i that ordered them to . 
 you were a mistake something i never wanted and cursed the day you came into this world . 
 now that the tasks i needed have been fulfilled i can do with you what i always wanted , guards take him . '' 
 in a rush the warriors three and lady sif surround and beat hallthor so badly that he knows he 'll never be the same but that is nothing compared to the pain in his heart at the loss of his brother and betrayal of his father . 
 `` bind him . '' 
 thor laughs as he watches . 
 `` now calder my favored son step forward . '' 
 calder walks past hallthor spitting in his face as he does . 
 `` yes father ? '' 
 `` favored son of asgard from this day forth you will not only become a full immortal asgardian but also king , by the power granted to me by my father and his ancestors back to the beginning i thor son of odin bestow upon you the gifts i have aforementioned . '' 
 the hall shakes and fills with a brilliant light as calder is transformed and crowned king destroying hallthor 's heart even further . 
 `` and now for you hallthor , i proclaim that from this day forth you shall remain in prisoned and tortured until the day your mortal life ends at which time you will be sent straight to helheim . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 screams hallthor struggling and crying . 
 hallthor 's body shakes violently in his sleep but the woman holds him firm until his eyes shoot open and roll back into his head as his body goes limp . 
 `` one down and two to go . '' 
 she larks heading over to curios . 
 `` your turn . '' 
 sitting on his waist she again leans down to his head performing the same actions as she did with hallthor . 
 curios has finally done it , he finally performed enough heroic deeds that his father noticed him . 
 he was welcomed to the ocean kingdom and crowned prince of the realm , triton was to be king but he did n't care about that all he wanted to do is be with his family , to be accepted . 
 with the help of kol and hallthor he finally achieved what he had wanted . 
 at times he missed his adopted brothers but he had responsibilities now that he could n't avoid , he was sure that he would see them again someday . 
 his father had been stressed lately fighting a war with someone or another but he had been kept out of it . 
 his father did n't want to risk his life and although he was over joyed at his father 's concern for him he desperately wanted to help . 
 `` dearest son i know you have been unhappy with my decision to let you help me in the war i have been fighting . '' 
 `` i understand your reasoning father and i accept it , but if you ever need me to do anything father all you have to do is ask . '' 
 replies curios giving poseidon a hug . 
 `` i 'm glad you said that son , as it so happens there is something that i need you to help me with , if you do this with for me my son i will know without a doubt where your heart truly lies . '' 
 he responds . 
 `` anything father . '' 
 he smiles happily . 
 `` good come with me . '' 
 leading curios through the underwater palace halls . 
 as he walks side by side with his father , curios ca n't help but let his mind wonder conjuring images and thoughts of what he could possibly be asked to do and the rewards that will follow . 
 walking into a large room filled with people curios starts to feel a little intimidated , staring at him in the room is his stepmother and half-brother triton , the captain of the guard and all of the honor guard are there as well . 
 `` good evening everyone , are we ready ? '' 
 questions poseidon sitting in his chair and motioning curios to sit next to him . 
 `` we are my lord . '' 
 replies triton . 
 `` good then let us begin . '' 
 with a wave of his hand an air bubble appears in the middle of the table . 
 shining for a moment it suddenly comes alive with the image of thor . 
 `` what is the meaning of this ? '' 
 demands thor . 
 `` i call for your surrender thor , if you do n't immediately agree to this i will take something from you that will forever scar you . '' 
 answers poseidon . 
 leaning over to triton while his father talks with thor , curios voices his question . 
 `` i thought the norse gods were our allies ? '' 
 `` they were but then the mortals that follow them and the mortals that follow us began to war , the gods came to their defense and the war started . 
 there have been many losses on both sides and it 's now too late for a peaceful solution . '' 
 replies triton curtly . 
 `` now be quiet and pay attention . '' 
 looking back at the conversation curios is stunned at the news he just heard . 
 `` then let what happens now be on your head ! '' 
 poseidon yells slamming his fist on the table . 
 `` curios come forward ! '' 
 slowly curios comes to the head of the table standing next to his father with all eyes watching him closely . 
 `` bring in the prisoners ! '' 
 yells poseidon . 
 another door opens reveling two men encased in chains being dragged into the room . 
 when they look up to his horror it 's his surrogate brothers kol and hallthor . 
 `` is your answer still no thor ? 
 are you willing to sacrifice your sons ? '' 
 questions poseidon clearly amused . 
 `` you have gone too far ! '' 
 yells thor so forcefully the bubble shakes . 
 `` then you still remain stubborn , so be it ! 
 curios , prove yourself to me and kill the prisoners . '' 
 he shouts . 
 grabbing his trident in his hand curios miserably walks up facing the two men . 
 `` we are brothers curios . '' 
 begins kol . 
 `` i know . '' 
 he replies beginning to cry . 
 `` let me finish , we are brothers and both myself and hallthor have agreed , we knew that you 'd be forced to make this decision and as such we release you from any guilt or fault , do what you must my brother . 
 we both wish you only the best and love you . '' 
 says kol . 
 `` goodbye brother . '' 
 adds hallthor lowering his head . 
 `` do it boy or you will forever be banished from my sight ! '' 
 yells poseidon . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 whispers curios stabbing kol in the chest followed by hallthor . 
 `` nooooo ! '' 
 shrieks thor watching the killing . 
 `` mark my words you will pay for this poseidon , if your son could so easily betray those that he lived with a fought beside how loyal do you think he is really ? 
 one far off day he will betray you ! '' 
 he says disappearing from view . 
 `` you did what i asked curios for that i am thankful , i knew that the killing would hurt thor more if it came from you . 
 unfortunately he is right , you easily betrayed the men whom you were close to . 
 there is something missing inside you my child and that is a risk i can not take , from this day forth you will be transformed into a regular mortal , you will be forever removed from this life and family . 
 until such time as this war is over though you will remain in prisoned here , i will not have the enemy capture you and revel secrets of this place . 
 take him away . '' 
 states poseidon with a sigh . 
 `` father please do n't do this , i would never betray you ! 
 i did n't even want to kill them . 
 the betrayal broke my heart and destroyed me inside . '' 
 howls curios as he 's dragged away . 
 the scene fades around poseidon as the form changes into the hag for a moment before fading leaving only the prison trapping curios . 
 again the woman snickers holding curios in place as is body shakes for a moment before going limp matching hallthor 's . 
 `` are n't you done yet ? '' 
 stresses another voice in the room . 
 turning abruptly , the haggish lady stares in fear for a moment before bowing stiffly . 
 `` lady sigyn to what do i owe this honor ? '' 
 `` spare me the formalities juntas , have you finished trapping the demigods in their minds ? '' 
 `` i have finished with hallthor and curios , only kol is left . '' 
 she answers . 
 `` get on with it then , my husband loki may have faith that kol will be on our side but i have felt the good in him and i will not chance our future on this child of another union . '' 
 `` as you wish my lady by the time i am done kol will either be trapped for all time or corrupted to the point that he is yours forever . '' 
 says juntas turning towards kol . 
 `` i will hold you to that creature do not fail me . '' 
 she replies disappearing . 
 `` come kol let us see how the darkness can be twisted inside you . '' 
 juntas whispers straddling kol 's body . 
 chapter 19 vasos had expected problems from the guards once they had recovered , but to his surprise they all just stood around . 
 he could n't help but wonder what was going on as he yanked relious to his feet with his sword edge slightly cutting into the man 's throat as he eyed the surrounding soldiers increasing in number . 
 `` your move captain . '' 
 vasos states eyeing the man . 
 `` all hail vasos son of aphrodite protector of the people and liberator of argos . '' 
 replies the captain bending to his knee followed by the others . 
 `` what ? '' 
 vasos questions baffled . 
 `` i am thadin captain of the honor guard here in argos , ten years ago we were a happy and prosperous kingdom but then relious came and everything changed . 
 you see he is the child of eris goddess of discord , when he arrived here our people began to fight amongst themselves and kingdoms that had been our allies for years began to attack . 
 relious befriended our leader , king talos , and helped bring peace again to our kingdom . 
 after a year slowly our beloved king became more and more ill with a sickness of the mind . 
 as he did relious solidified his position , using the king 's authority he began to take over his responsibilities . 
 to make a long story short our king died one night unexpectedly and relious took power , my predecessor reasoned that the crown was not his believing foul play . 
 as such he promptly led a rebellion against him but before they could even reach the castle they fell victim to his powers fighting among themselves until only one remained alive but wounded . 
 several attempts after that were made on his life but each failed and we learned quickly that we could not defeat him , until that day we have lived in fear as little more than slaves . '' 
 `` and who says this demigod is going to be any better than the last ? '' 
 questions a soldier pushing to the front of the crowd with sword drawn . 
 `` i say we attack him now while we are immune to his siren call ! '' 
 `` do n't be stupid . '' 
 snaps another soldier . 
 `` mind your manners both of you or i 'll do it for you ! '' 
 yells thadin suddenly . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 shouts vasos with such force in his voice that his siren call cuts through the effects of the potion they drank . 
 `` do n't you see that relious is affecting you already ? '' 
 `` our apologies vasos , but now you can see why he has remained in power for so long , i wonder why his powers do not work on you ? '' 
 questions the captain . 
 answering the question another voice echoes through the massive hall . 
 `` because love is the opposite of discord it brings harmony and therefore it is much more difficult for his powers to affect vasos . '' 
 reverently the soldiers ' part bowing as they see who it is . 
 `` all hail lady hypatia daughter of hera patron of argos . '' 
 `` rise brave and loyal soldiers of argos , i bring tidings of joy . 
 it was hera and zeus who sent bion to bring vasos and his companions here , in there infinite wisdom they knew that he would free you from the tyranny of relious and already they have decided who will take the throne . '' 
 she smiles walking towards vasos . 
 `` they have decreed that ... '' suddenly she stops looking at relious . 
 `` you dare try to influence a goddess ? '' 
 `` no , i do . '' 
 comes the voice of eris filling the chamber as she appears between hypatia and vasos . 
 eris stands smiling at hypatia as the soldiers collectively back away in fear , whirling around to face vasos -lrb- who is still holding his sword to relious ' throat -rrb- . 
 her jet black hair whips into her face covering her dark purple eyes for just a second , as her hair settles vasos ca n't help but notice that she is nothing like he pictured , hanging loosely on her forehead is a gold chain with a diamond centered on her forehead , she is wearing a midnight black dress that fits her perfect form . 
 her voice is n't beautiful per se but there is a charge of music in it a terrible and fierce sound that draws you in . 
 `` hello sister . '' 
 she smiles . 
 `` now what would you be doing with my child ? '' 
 `` i am doing nothing sister as you can clearly see i am not the one holding the sword to his throat , i am here to deliver a decree from our parents , that is all . '' 
 she responds coolly . 
 `` then you wo n't stop me if i were to intervene on my child 's behalf ? '' 
 she laughs turning towards vasos . 
 `` i would . '' 
 comes yet another voice surprising everyone . 
 the voice is beautiful but strong , musical but firm and passionate but loving all at the same time . 
 all eyes lift to the ceiling where the voice came from to find eros god of love and sexual desire descending slowly into the room . 
 his short golden hair is perfect and his golden eyes scan the room making everyone blush despite themselves , his shirtless body is built perfectly and slung across his back between his immense pure white wings is his quiver of golden arrows , red arrows and black arrows -lrb- the arrows of love , lust and those of indifference -rrb- and in his right hand is the golden bow he always carries . 
 `` this is none of your concern eros . '' 
 growls eris . 
 `` to the contrary cousin this is very much my concern , you have decided to interfere because your son is involved and have been allowed to do so because it is not part of the quest . 
 i have every right to intervene as well because my brother is involved and for the future reference doing someone else 's dirty work really does n't suit you , i suggest that you tell my father ares if he is so keen on pursuing my brother he does so in a manner befitting a god and not like a coward . '' 
 `` how dare you ! '' 
 she screams . 
 `` how dare i ? '' 
 he laughs unfazed by her outburst . 
 `` how dare you ! 
 the decree has gone out from the king and queen of the gods , your son is to be replaced as king here in argos . 
 hera has chosen temenos , son of aristomachos to become king and so shall it be . 
 if you wish to dispute this then you can deal with them , in regards to your son however he still has to answer for his crimes against the people of argos and the murder of the other demigod children of aphrodite . 
 if you wish to try and take him to avoid this you will have to fight me . '' 
 `` and me . '' 
 chimes in vasos . 
 `` as well as myself . '' 
 says hypatia . 
 looking around at all of them eris hisses . 
 `` mark my words vasos i will get you for this offense against my family . '' 
 `` i 'll be waiting . '' 
 he hisses back at her . 
 `` the next time we meet demigod , you will not have them to protect you . '' 
 she says pointing at hypatia and eros as she starts to turn into smoke . 
 `` enjoy your happiness today because discord and war will follow you the rest of your days . '' 
 `` cheerful as always . '' 
 says eros happily turning back towards his brother . 
 `` thank you brother , but what do i do now ? '' 
 questions vasos . 
 `` you do not need to hold relious in check any longer my power robs him of his , but what must happen is his punishment . 
 it is the new king that must decide along with you for not only has the kingdom been wronged but also our family has , relious has killed five of your half brothers and sisters in his time here . '' 
 replies eros darkly . 
 `` i will transport temenos to us now that we know for sure he will be safe , i thank you eros for your timely intervention . '' 
 says hypatia raising her hands into the air . 
 `` think nothing of it cousin , i love helping if you 'll forgive the pun . '' 
 he laughs . 
 a moment later temenos appears next to them . 
 vasos notices that the man is commonly dressed in a normal greek chiton and sandals with a simple sword strapped to his back . 
 he 's about six foot tall and has brown hair and yellowish brown eyes that are filled with wisdom and kindness but also a kind of sadness , he is well built with rippling and a strong proud face and distinguished features . 
 his hands are weathered and visibly hardened from a ruff life of working . 
 `` never in my life had i thought myself so lucky to meet one of the gods let alone two , hail lord eros ! '' 
 he says instantly bowing . 
 `` rise good king . '' 
 smiles eros placing his hand on his shoulder . 
 `` i am sorry to say that already we must ask a difficult decision of you . '' 
 `` i agree but first let us address the people . '' 
 exclaims hypatia . 
 `` honor guard by decree of the gods this is your king ! '' 
 says vasos happily . 
 the honor guard pounds their fists against their chests in honor . 
 `` long live the king ! '' 
 they immediately say in unison . 
 `` thadin would you do the honors and bind relious for the time being while we address the people ? '' 
 questions hypatia looking at the captain . 
 `` i would be honored my lady . '' 
 he says hurriedly grabbing relious from vasos . 
 `` introductions , temenos , this is vasos son of aphrodite who defeated this villain and won you your kingdom . '' 
 eros smiles as they walk towards the balcony . 
 suddenly surprising everyone relious breaks free from thadin 's grip grabbing his sword and lunging towards temenos . 
 in a flash vasos pushes the new king out of the way taking the sword in the stomach instead of him . 
 immediately the rest of the guards grab the man restraining him again at sword point while temenos rushes to vasos ' side . 
 `` it should have been me . '' 
 he sobs as everyone watches . 
 `` quickly get help ! '' 
 he yells noticing that everyone is just staring . 
 `` rule well and protect the people temenos . '' 
 whispers vasos slowly losing consciousness . 
 `` i will but please hold on . '' 
 he responds cradling vasos in his arms . 
 `` do not fret good king thanatos the god of death will not take vasos this day , it was ares that empowered relious to overpower thadin and take his sword . 
 having interfered in this then so can we . '' 
 says hypatia walking over to vasos . 
 `` come back to me dear vasos . '' 
 she whispers lightly kissing his cheek . 
 slowly his eyes open again to see hypatia kneeling over him with a reassuring smile . 
 `` you have to be the most beautiful woman i have seen in my entire life . '' 
 he says softly looking into her eyes . 
 `` i see that you are still delirious young hero . '' 
 she says standing again with a giggle . 
 blushing vasos gets to his feet with the help of king temenos . 
 `` why did you take that blade ? '' 
 questions the king . 
 `` not that i 'm ungrateful , it 's just you do n't even know me . '' 
 `` regardless of whether i know you or not saving you is the right thing to do , you are king by order of the gods . 
 moreover i looked into your eyes when first i saw you . 
 i could tell that you are a good man and the people of this kingdom need and deserve your leadership , what am i compared to the needs of an entire people ? '' 
 he answers . 
 `` truly you are as great a hero as i have been led to believe . '' 
 states temenos shaking his hand . 
 `` honor guard please send the word throughout the city that i will be addressing them in half an hour , in the meantime with eros and hypatia 's permission i would like to deal with the treacherous relious right now . '' 
 he says looking at the two immortals . 
 they look at each other for a moment and then nod in approval . 
 `` what is your judgment ? '' 
 questions eros in amusement . 
 `` actually i defer to vasos first , yes it is true that he has wronged the kingdom but more than that he has killed his family , i can think of no bigger crime committed here than that . 
 so what do you say vasos ? '' 
 answers the king looking to vasos . 
 stunned vasos looks from him to relious who just scowls . 
 `` i wish to avenge my family and the people of argos , but he is too dangerous to let live and his crimes are more than worthy of death . 
 that being said let it be known that i will not kill a helpless man , so with your permission king temenos i would like to fight relious to the death in the city square so all the people may witness the punishment first hand . '' 
 he says firmly . 
 `` a fitting punishment vasos i emphatically agree , the people are now gathering and when i address them i request that you stand by my side so i may announce the punishment of relious . '' 
 `` as you wish my lord . '' 
 bows vasos showing proper respect . 
 `` and what of you my lord and lady ? 
 will you stay for the punishment and afterward the celebration dinner ? 
 questions relious turning to hypatia and eros . 
 `` we would love to but unfortunately we must report back to lord zeus . '' 
 replies eros . 
 `` be good brother and good luck . '' 
 `` i look forward to seeing you again sometime vasos . '' 
 winks hypatia disappearing along with eros . 
 `` i think you have an admirer . '' 
 laughs temenos putting his arm around vasos shoulders . 
 joining in the laugh vasos walks with the king down the hall towards the bedrooms . 
 `` i think maybe you 're right , whether it 's a good thing or bad thing i do n't know but i am sure willing to find out . '' 
 `` either way i think life will be very interesting for you . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure how much more interesting things i can take . '' 
 he sighs a little . 
 `` i 've no doubt that whatever may come your way you will handle just fine , you are a hero through and through vasos . '' 
 `` i try to be , but enough about the future let 's deal with the now and meet your people majesty . '' 
 chapter 20 changing her shape into thor , juntas watches as kol stares at asgard in awe . 
 flying down to the rainbow bridge `` thor '' lands right in front of kol . 
 `` what do you think of our fair city kol ? '' 
 frowning for a moment at thor blocking the view kol looks into thor 's eyes before allowing a large smile to cross his face . 
 `` it is indeed wondrous father ! 
 never in my wildest dreams had i believed that i could be accepted here , but where pray tell are my brothers curios and hallthor ? '' 
 questions kol . 
 `` why they are waiting for you in my realm in thrudheim at my hall bilskirnir where i will reward you properly for all you have done . '' 
 says thor . 
 `` with all of my heart i have longed for the day when the gods of asgard would welcome me as a hero father . '' 
 `` not to worry kol all of asgard has assembled to see you and your brothers receive your rewards . '' 
 replies thor happily . 
 `` then let us not keep them waiting father . '' 
 kol smiles thankfully . 
 with a nod thor scoops him up flying them both to his realm landing in front of his hall where hallthor and curios are waiting for them . 
 `` hail brother . '' 
 smiles hallthor and curious . 
 `` hail my brothers , it is so good to see you ! '' 
 he repiles . 
 `` come my young heroes all of asgard awaits . '' 
 thor interjects ushering them towards the door . 
 `` father before we enter the hall may i ask what has become of loki , may i see him ? '' 
 questions kol urgently . 
 `` you still wish to try and change him ? 
 truly you are a good soul my son , of course you can see him . 
 what say you hallthor and curios ? 
 would you care to join us ? '' 
 thor responds . 
 `` oh yes father we wish to help our brother . '' 
 answers hallthor for the both of them . 
 `` so be it . '' 
 all at once the three of them vanish . 
 reappearing at a beautiful waterfall the three young heroes find loki chained to the wall underneath the waterfall looking miserable . 
 `` have you come to gloat at my defeat son ? 
 is it not enough that you betrayed me for thor ? '' 
 loki asks dejectedly . 
 `` i have not come to gloat nor have i ever betrayed you for anyone father , i came here because i had to , i had to know if you would ever change your ways . '' 
 `` all i can be is what i was made to be son , the same is true for anyone , even you . 
 being my son you can and should be on my side kol , i am the god of mischief , magic and evil and you are my child whether you wish to be or not , my blood runs through your veins , the blood of the god whose children are meant to bring about ragnarok . 
 i give you the choice here and now to join me , and leave these charlatans that have fooled you into believing they care about you behind . '' 
 taunts loki . 
 magic encompasses the entire area for a moment encasing thor , hallthor and curios in enchanted chains pulling them to the wall while at the same time loki is released . 
 summoning his staff in a second kol turns to find the freyja still glowing with power . 
 `` put down your staff kol , i am not your enemy nor is loki . 
 it was i that trained loki in the arts of magic and that is how he became the god of magic . 
 but that is not the reason i chose to help him , i have done this because he speaks the truth , behold . '' 
 with a wave of her hand thor and his brothers stare at him . 
 `` now thor son of odin tell kol what you think of him and what you planned . '' 
 `` i have never trusted or loved you son of loki , i sent hallthor to you for the very same reason the greeks sent curios . 
 to keep an eye on you and keep you in line , we used you for the quests but you were never more than a tool . 
 i hate you because you are no better than your father , i do n't care how many deeds you do or how you suck up , it will never change the fact that you are evil . 
 you will forever be judged by all humans and gods as the son of loki , the only ones that will ever trust you are the twisted father , brothers and sisters you have and if i were free i would kill you myself . 
 in fact that was our plan for the day . '' 
 he spits at him struggling against the chains . 
 `` enough ! 
 hallthor son of thor speak the truth to kol . '' 
 demands freyja . 
 `` what my father has said is the truth kol , i hated every moment i spent around you , you have no idea how hard it was to not kill you each and every day . 
 you killed my brother ragnar , i had to fake that i was happy he was gone , all the while it was killing me inside to be kind to his murderer . 
 today i was finally going to have my revenge , i was going to be the one who was allowed to destroy you and now you have escaped my justice at least for now . 
 eventually i will be free and i will destroy you like the piece of trash that you are ! '' 
 he yells so loud it hurts kol 's ears . 
 `` please stop . '' 
 kol says covering his mouth as his eyes begin to tear up . 
 `` i am sorry my son but you must hear more , be strong . '' 
 loki says placing his hand on kol 's shoulder . 
 `` curios speak ! '' 
 demands freyja . 
 `` no spell for the truth was needed for me witch goddess . '' 
 jeers curios . 
 `` i hate you kol , i was told long before i met you that i could never trust you , the greek gods knew that you were evil and always would be . 
 right away you admitted that you were a murderer , i wanted to deliver justice to you right then and there but was n't allowed to , all i could do is comfort hallthor and pledge that one day together we would make you pay . 
 the more i was around you the more i found that you are evil to the core , join your father while you can because when we are free your days are numbered ! '' 
 `` so you see my child it is only i that will accept you and love you , join me and together we will have all that we desire . '' 
 says loki patting his back . 
 `` i do not condone loki 's life or destiny but it is just that his destiny , everyone has a part to play including him as well as yourself . 
 do not fight who and what you are child . '' 
 adds freyja . 
 covering his face completely with his hands kol 's tears are visibly flowing through his fingers as his body shakes a little . 
 the face of thor evilly smiles as juntas watches pleased with her work , abruptly her smile fades as kol 's hands fall away from his face holding his sides . 
 to juntas ' horror kol is laughing hysterically in so much that he falls backwards onto the floor . 
 `` why are you laughing my child ? '' 
 questions loki . 
 `` because it 's just so ridiculous . '' 
 replies kol between breaths . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 loki questions perplexed . 
 `` this has to be the worst attempt to corrupt someone that has ever happened . 
 i mean did you really think you could manipulate me this easily ? 
 i am the child of loki , i know mischief and misdirection when i see it . 
 and now dear `` thor '' you will learn what it 's like to be on the receiving end of your little tricks . '' 
 the other people fade from view into nothingness leaving only kol and juntas in her true form chained to the wall struggling to get free . 
 `` struggle all you want , you will not escape mare . 
 i have never encountered a female vette before , i see you are as pleasant looking as your male counter parts . 
 so tell me mare who is it that put you up to this ? 
 i seriously doubt that it is luck or coincidence you found me . '' 
 `` it is luck and nothing more , besides i am not as helpless as you think . 
 i have already trapped your friends in their own minds and if you do not release me they will remain that way endlessly . '' 
 she laughs . 
 `` not true monster , with my magic i will enter their minds and rescue them . 
 you are not needed instead you will remain here with some playmates . '' 
 with a wave of his hand hundreds of rats appear slowly crawling over to juntas . 
 one by one they begin to eat her alive , juntas screams in pain throughout the whole ordeal then minutes later it 's over as she hangs there her body regenerates with the whole thing starting again . 
 `` i think this is a fitting punishment do n't you ? 
 i always admired the creativity of it and now here is my chance to do it myself , consider it a gift from hallthor and curios as well . 
 and do n't worry i 'll let them know you said you were sorry and say hello . '' 
 laughs kol disappearing . 
 kol shoots up from his bed throwing juntas ' body off of him and across the room into the wall . 
 straightaway kol concentrates drawing more and more energy to him until his body is glowing so brightly he is pure white , all at once he releases the power dipping into the past to see what happened while he was asleep . 
 as he watches juntas move from person to person he finally sees what he was waiting for , sigyn appears . 
 listening to everything he smiles at the fear in her voice and the affirmation that kol is indeed good . 
 `` you are right dear step mother and i will prove it to the whole world , whatever your plans are if they threaten the world and my friends i will stop you . '' 
 he states . 
 turning to his friends he walks over to hallthor pulling his body close to curios so he can reach them both . 
 `` now let 's see what we can do here , hopefully i was n't just boasting earlier . '' 
 he frowns placing one hand on each of their foreheads . 
 focused completely kol closes his eyes reaching out with his magic , finally he opens his eyes to find himself standing in a beautiful field . 
 to his left is an image of asgard fading in and out of view , only a prison remains solid and to his right is the ocean stretching out but submerged underwater is a cage holding curios . 
 both of his young friends are crying huddled in a corner . 
 with a mighty jump kol covers the space between himself and hallthor 's prison . 
 `` hallthor , come on man , get up i 'm here to rescue you . 
 we do n't have a lot of time i 'm sure the mare left safe guards , we 've got to get curios and get the hell out of here ! '' 
 `` kol ? '' 
 questions hallthor . 
 `` is this another cruel joke my father is playing , showing me my dead brother a vision of the man i failed to save and led into a trap ? '' 
 `` no , you ass ! 
 it was a mare that entered your mind and tricked you , none of this is real ! 
 come on i know that you know what a mare is , now snap out of it ! '' 
 kol yells . 
 looking up at kol with tear stained cheeks hallthor crawls over to him reaching through the bars gingerly . 
 grabbing his hand firmly kol tries to reassure him when all of a sudden hallthor pulls him into the bars banging kol 's head against them . 
 pulling away quickly while rubbing his head kol shouts at him . 
 `` what the hell was that about ? '' 
 `` it is you ! '' 
 exclaims hallthor . 
 `` of course it 's me you fool , who else would it be ? '' 
 `` so none of this is real ? '' 
 he says looking around at the cell . 
 `` no now make your hammers appear and let 's get moving . '' 
 he snaps . 
 focusing for a moment hallthor 's eyes suddenly snap open . 
 `` duck ! '' 
 reacting without hesitation kol ducks just in time to be narrowly missed by the double hammers flying through the bars into hallthor 's hands . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he giggles stepping out of the cell . 
 `` yeah you look it . '' 
 kol grunts heading towards the ocean . 
 `` so how did you know we were here ? 
 in fact where is here ? '' 
 questions hallthor jogging to catch up . 
 `` we are in a space created by both your and curios ' minds , i had to merge the two worlds you were trapped in so i could get you both in one place and free you . '' 
 `` why not just free us one at a time ? '' 
 `` because i 'm sure it would have taken longer and i 'm not sure that we have that kind of time , we may or may not be getting a visit from an evil goddess . '' 
 he answers a little too calmly for hallthor 's liking . 
 `` say again ? '' 
 `` oh yeah little detail , sigyn was the one who sent the mare after us and she was in our room while we were sleeping . '' 
 he answers speeding up a bit . 
 `` wait , are you kidding me ? 
 what ... ? '' 
 he begins to be cut off by a horrid roar . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 `` the mare 's safeguards , they will be monsters drawn from both your minds . '' 
 behind them the smell of foul breath hits them like a ton of bricks , slowly they both turn to see a hydra mixed with two trolls walking towards them . 
 the seven hydra heads are looming over them dripping venom and the upper bodies of two trolls are protruding from the torso of the creatures with clubs filling their hands . 
 `` creative . '' 
 kol says as his staff appears in his hands . 
 `` thanks , but who cares none of this is real anyway ? '' 
 `` not true , this is a prison if we die here we 'll be trapped here forever . '' 
 `` great , now you tell me . '' 
 hallthor yells flying into the air with the aid of his hammers . 
 `` free curios , i 'll keep this thing busy . '' 
 `` are you nuts ? 
 i 'm not leaving you , we 'll defeat this thing together and then save curios . '' 
 kol says running to hallthor 's aid . 
 hallthor throws one of his hammers into the middle head of the hydra forcing it to stumble backwards for a moment as he lands next to kol for a moment . 
 `` you 're not staying kol , i lost my brother once in this hell hole it wo n't happen again now save our new brother ! '' 
 he demands hooking his hammer in kol 's shirt and then sending it flying to curios prison . 
 kol barley has time to take a deep breath before he plunges into the water towards the prison . 
 a moment later the hammer reaches the prison blasting through the bars and dragging kol until he 's face to face with curios who stares at him stunned . 
 `` kol ? '' 
 he questions before wrapping him in a giant hug . 
 `` you 're alive ! 
 how is this possible , in fact i do n't care , you 're alive and that 's what matters . 
 can you ever forgive me ? '' 
 kol 's face begins changing colors from the lack of air as he fights to get curios to follow him . 
 `` oh yeah air . '' 
 curios laughs with his trident appearing in his hands . 
 `` here you go . '' 
 with a touch of his trident gills form on kol 's throat allowing him to breathe freely . 
 `` i do n't get it ; you were breathing just fine when i saw you last time . '' 
 he puzzles . 
 `` this place is a hoax fashioned by a monster ; you did n't consider it was a little bizarre that we were breathing underwater without any help ? '' 
 `` nope , anyway what kind of monster ? '' 
 `` just like that ? 
 no i ca n't believe this or anything like that ? '' 
 `` nah , stuff like this has happened to me a bunch since i found out who i am . 
 so what 's the play ? '' 
 `` in a nut shell we are trapped in a world created from yours and hallthor 's minds , there are monsters created from a combination of both your thoughts , all we have to do is defeat anything that comes our way without dying and find the hidden door that will lead us out of this place , oh and hallthor is locked in a death match as we speak . '' 
 `` what !? '' 
 yells curios shooting to the surface so fast he flies out of the water all the way to where hallthor is trying to dodge the hydra 's spit . 
 slamming his trident into the ground curios stares daggers at the creature . 
 `` stay away from my brother ! '' 
 the hydratroll turns snapping and hissing at curios but before it can reach him the ground shakes violently causing an earthquake so large the ground splits swallowing it whole . 
 `` now that was impressive . '' 
 hallthor grins landing next to curios who wraps him in a hug . 
 `` i 'll say , now let 's find that door and get out of this place before something else happens . '' 
 kol smirks joining them in the hug . 
 chapter 21 `` people of argos , i have great and wonderful news , finally we are free of the tyrant relious ! '' 
 the people explode with cheering so loud that the entire city shakes . 
 `` by order of zeus and hera we now have a wonderful and generous king . 
 it is my pleasure to introduce temenos ! '' 
 yells thadin . 
 thadin steps aside with a bow as temenos walks to the edge of the balcony greeting the people who cheer again with deafening sound . 
 `` wonderful people of argos , you have long been wronged and although i ca n't erase the pain you have felt in the past , what i can do is make sure that it never happens again and from this day on i promise that you will hence forth be treated fairly and with respect , i will always endeavor to do my best and make our kingdom rich where no family goes without . '' 
 shouts temenos . 
 the crowd goes crazy cheering `` loudly long live the king ! '' 
 after a few moments of basking in their praise temenos raises his hands for quiet , slowly the crowd quiets down enough for him to speak again as vasos walks up to stand next to the king . 
 `` my people , i 'd like you to meet the man who made this all possible , vasos the son of aphrodite was the one that delivered you from the evil that plagued this city . 
 he has asked with my permission and that of the gods to punish relious in single combat to the death for all of you to see , vasos ' siblings over the years were lured to the city and killed by relious so i have agreed that he will avenge both his family and the citizens of this city ! '' 
 the people cheer as vasos waves to them chanting long live vasos the avenger ! 
 `` people of argos are you ready for the battle ? '' 
 he roars . 
 they erupt in response demanding justice . 
 `` then since you have spoken with the permission of the king i will meet the traitor right now ! '' 
 vasos responds turning to the king waiting for his judgment . 
 `` i agree ! 
 in the city square right now the match will begin ! '' 
 he yells . 
 caught in the moment vasos runs out of the castle heading to the city square with the crowd around him cheering and patting his back . 
 after a few minutes they enter the square where relious is waiting in chains , already he is affecting the people again as small skirmishes begin to break out here and there . 
 `` enough of your tricks traitor ! '' 
 vasos says pointing his sword at relious . 
 reaching out with his own gifts he calms the crowd countering relious . 
 `` it was a mistake facing me in single combat vasos , i have been trained my whole life by ares in every weapon including hand to hand combat . 
 you have n't got a snowballs chance in hades of beating me ! '' 
 laughs relious wildly grabbing a sword from a nearby soldier . 
 `` come then and show me your prowess . '' 
 replies vasos evenly . 
 with a speed that comes from a life time of training relious closes the distance between them feigning a stab at vasos ' chest then switches to slash at his head , the move is so perfect , so gracefully fast that most of the crowd does n't even see it happen and in that moment those that do see it know that vasos is a dead man . 
 as his sword is buried hilt deep through relious ' back vasos leans forward whispering in his ear . 
 `` it 's a shame for you that ares did n't teach you to never underestimate your opponent the way athena taught me . 
 it was all too easy for me to see your move coming a mile away and while you over extended your thrust i flipped into the air over your head landing behind you before you could recover . 
 now you know how you lost so it will haunt you forevermore in the afterlife and as my finally act to disgrace you i will take your eyes so you will wander the underworld blind , i will carve my name into your chest and everyone will forever know the people of argos and the children of aphrodite were avenged by vasos . '' 
 as vasos finishes carving his name into relious the crowd has mixed feelings at the brutality of the act . 
 `` people of argos you have been avenged . '' 
 vasos says walking back to the king halfheartedly . 
 silently the crowd stares at relious in awe . 
 `` did i go too far ? '' 
 vasos whispers to temenos . 
 `` no my friend , you did what needed to be done . 
 you have avenged your family and these people . '' 
 `` what happens now ? '' 
 he questions . 
 raising his voice for the people to hear temenos answers . 
 `` now that the people and your family have been avenged we will celebrate ! 
 open the stores of food kept at the castle and create a feast that the gods will approve of . 
 guards take the body away and perform the rest of the burial rights leaving him to his fate in the underworld . '' 
 the crowd starts to cheer but suddenly stops standing quietly as the crowd parts calmly reveling sevrrir and sander walking towards vasos . 
 `` it just would n't be a party without me . '' 
 yawns sander . 
 `` do you think you could stay awake long enough for a party ? '' 
 huffs sevrrir shoving him a little . 
 `` who could fall asleep with your annoying voice around ? '' 
 questions sander tripping him with a vine . 
 stumbling a bit sevrrir turns to him with his fist cocked back to punch him in the face . 
 `` king temenos allow me to introduce my two friends and colleges , sevrrir demigod son of heimdall and sander demigod son of dionysus . '' 
 vasos interrupts before the two of them start fighting . 
 `` clearly you have a story to tell us vasos , when last we saw you there was a different king here . '' 
 smiles sevrrir walking up and shaking his hand vigorously . 
 `` a pleasure to meet you king temenos . '' 
 `` yes it 's all very nice but did n't i hear someone say something about a party ? '' 
 questions sander insistently . 
 with an enthusiastic laugh the king walks up to sander patting him on the back vigorously . 
 `` indeed i did , tell me young man what can you do for us ? 
 i have a feeling when it comes to a party you 're the man to talk to . '' 
 `` sit back and watch this my king . '' 
 sander replies rolling up his sleeves . 
 putting his fingers to his temples in over exaggeration sander begins concentrating , suddenly he stretches his hand forward towards the fountain in the square turning the water into wine . 
 then spinning in a circle he waves his hands over the crowd , instantly joy and happiness swell in their hearts making them want to dance and party like never before . 
 `` vasos if you would be so kind ? '' 
 winks sander . 
 `` what ? '' 
 asks vasos clearly baffled . 
 `` what say you reach out to the crowd and use your own powers to make the people feel love for their kingdom , themselves and each other . '' 
 he says taking a drink of his flask . 
 `` what do you think your majesty ? '' 
 questions vasos amused at the thought . 
 `` i see no harm in making the people even happier vasos . '' 
 he replies feeling the effects from sander himself . 
 `` so it shall be . '' 
 vasos winks waving his hands over the crowd himself and making them all feel love in different ways . 
 `` that 's what i 'm talking about ! '' 
 yells sander dancing with the crowd for a moment before noticing sevrrir standing awkwardly to the side . 
 `` my gods look at you sevrrir , i 've seen dung piles with more personality . 
 for once in your life what say you try a little something called socializing . '' 
 `` it 's going to be tuff for you to drink that flask with a broken jaw boy . '' 
 snaps sevrrir . 
 `` oh come on buddy there 's no way you 'll be able to do that , you 're going to be too busy dancing the day away ! '' 
 yells sander focusing on sevrrir so hard his nose starts to bleed . 
 sevrrir tries to get sander but right before he reaches him his body loses control bursting into dance against his will and pulling him into the crowd . 
 `` what about you mr. i 've got a mission to do and nothing else matters ? '' 
 questions sander walking up to vasos and the king . 
 `` oh come on sander that 's not true , it 's more like mr. i 'll kick your butt so hard you ca n't sit if you piss me off ! '' 
 he retorts . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 sander says putting his hand to his ear . 
 `` oh it 's your personality i believe it said that it misses you terribly , but do n't you worry i 'll go and find it for you . 
 i 'll start looking at the fountain . '' 
 he says wandering off . 
 before vasos can say anything sevrrir appears for a moment in front of him still dancing out of control so he looks like a puppet whose strings are being pulled by a drunk madman . 
 `` help me ! '' 
 he pleds disappearing in the other direction . 
 `` would you excuse me for a moment your majesty ? '' 
 laughs vasos . 
 `` by all means my friend , but would you do me the honor of meeting me at the castle as soon as you wrangle your comrades ? '' 
 he questions . 
 `` we 'll be there shortly your majesty . '' 
 vasos says running into the crowd . 
 `` sander ! 
 sander ! '' 
 he shouts looking around . 
 out of nowhere sevrrir dances towards vasos looking beyond embarrassed as a beautiful young woman is dancing with him body to body . 
 with a simple look from vasos the woman suddenly loses interest walking away from his friend at the same moment sevrrir finally over comes sanders spell on him . 
 `` when i get a hold of that little twerp he 's dead . '' 
 pants sevrrir out of breath . 
 `` calm down , i could tell you were enjoying yourself . '' 
 flashing red sevrrir looks around . 
 `` you wo n't tell him will you ? '' 
 `` of course not , now help me find him . '' 
 `` no problem , i saw him standing by the fountain statue when i was dancing uncontrollably . '' 
 `` joy , let 's get moving . '' 
 he says rushing through the crowd to the fountain . 
 `` so then i told the guy if you mess with vasos you mess with me ! '' 
 says sander . 
 running up vasos looks around to see who sander is talking to but does n't see anyone . 
 `` who are you talking to ? '' 
 `` shhhh . '' 
 sander says putting his finger to his lips confounding vasos for a moment . 
 `` what ? '' 
 turning back to the statue sander smiles . 
 `` i 'm sorry miss but i need to talk to my friend here , this is the guy i was telling you about . 
 he 's the best , not much to look at but that does n't change the fact that he 's the best . '' 
 sander says slurring his words and falling into the fountain while trying to hug vasos . 
 `` some idiotic guy spilled his drink everywhere . '' 
 `` you 're talking to the statue ? '' 
 exclaims sevrrir unable to believe it . 
 `` sevrrir , i did n't see you there . 
 you know what ? 
 i know that we 've had our differences but let me make amends ; i 'll introduce you to this lovely lady . 
 she does n't talk a lot but man she is stacked , her stomach is flat and solid . 
 her breasts are firm . 
 so what do you say ? '' 
 `` no thanks sander , she 's not my type . '' 
 he answers rolling his eyes . 
 `` hey no problem i 'll find a guy instead it 's cool i 'm not judging . '' 
 says sander patting his back . 
 `` what ?! 
 no ! '' 
 `` anyway come on sander we 've got plans . '' 
 vasos says throwing him on his shoulder as they head towards the castle . 
 `` but the party ! '' 
 sander yells stretching his hands towards the people still partying . 
 `` sevrrir if you would . '' 
 vasos sighs . 
 `` my pleasure , sander this is going to hurt you more then it hurts me . '' 
 he says gleefully hitting sander so hard in the head it shakes vasos ' whole body . 
 `` was it really necessary to hit him that hard ? '' 
 sighs vasos . 
 `` necessary ? 
 of course not but it was fun . '' 
 dropping sander 's limp body to the ground vasos turns to stare at sevrrir . 
 `` listen , i understand you do n't like sander and i even get a little kick out of you two wacky kids jabbing at one another , but i want it understood that we are a team in the end , when it comes to completing our quests all we have is each other . 
 for better or worse we are a family , remember that when we go into battle , sander has already proved that he will protect you , do the same for him . '' 
 looking ashamed , sevrrir ca n't meet vasos ' eyes as he responds . 
 `` i understand vasos and despite everything know that i would defend you both to the death and follow you into hell itself , you are my captain , my leader and my brother . 
 so is the goofball drunk but if you ever repeat that to him i 'll deny everything . '' 
 `` not to worry brother . '' 
 smiles vasos patting him on the back . 
 `` now let 's collect our drunk and get moving , destiny awaits . '' 
 a few minutes later the three of them are in the conference room with the king . 
 `` what can we do for you king temenos ? '' 
 asks vasos sitting across from him . 
 `` it 's what i can do for you , what can i do for the man that saved my life and won me my kingdom ? '' 
 he answers . 
 `` as it so happens my king we are in need of a ship to take us to melos . '' 
 `` not a problem vasos , when do you plan to leave ? '' 
 `` as soon as possible my liege . '' 
 he answers . 
 `` will you not stay for the rest of the celebration ? '' 
 he frowns . 
 `` i 'm afraid not my lord , we have a long way to go yet . '' 
 `` i hate to ask another favor of you vasos but i must , the gods reveled to me the truth of why relious wanted the children of your mother to help him capture the young woman named selene because she was the daughter of the original king of argos , the captain of the guard spirited her away in the night when the king became ill . 
 relious had planned to find her and force her into marriage legitimizing his kingship . '' 
 `` i can see where this is going . '' 
 sighs sevrrir . 
 hanging his head a little the king continues . 
 `` it 's true , if you would accept i would like you to find her and bring her back safely to the kingdom , i will not force her into anything but i believe she has the right to live here in safety and happiness it 's the least i can do for her . '' 
 `` where is this woman ? '' 
 `` it was reported that relious found her in melos . '' 
 `` on our journey when we stop there we will take some time to look , should we find her we will send her back with the ship . '' 
 vasos states quieting sevrrir with a look . 
 `` thank you my friend again i am in your debt , now let 's get your ship and a crew together for your journey . '' 
 chapter 22 `` so we have three frost giants mixed with sphinxes , two dark elves mixed with drakon 's and ten dwarfs mixed with empousa . '' 
 kol looks around them counting them off as if the others needed a play by play . 
 `` so what 's the play kol ? '' 
 curios barks over the noise of the monsters . 
 `` are you kidding me ? 
 we are three of the strongest most powerful demigods in the world ! 
 chosen by the gods for important quests to show the world our worth ! 
 what do we do you ask ? '' 
 he laughs wildly . 
 `` run for it ? '' 
 questions hallthor swinging his hammers at the creatures . 
 `` hell yeah we run for it , now cover your eyes ! '' 
 yells kol conjuring a burst of light to blind the creatures temporarily . 
 `` masterful plan oh fearless leader . '' 
 curios says running side by side with kol . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 he mutters . 
 `` do you have any idea where the hell we 're supposed to go ? '' 
 hallthor questions throwing one of his hammers at the group of monsters chasing them . 
 `` to the magic doorway that will lead us to precious freedom ! '' 
 kol responds quickly . 
 `` yeah you said that already , do you think you could be a little more specific ? '' 
 snaps curios dodging an arrow from one of the elves . 
 `` complain , complain , complain . '' 
 kol says blocking an arrow himself . 
 `` sorry kol , the thought of impending death always puts me in a foul mood . '' 
 he replies shooting a torrent of water from his trident at the creatures . 
 `` now , now children , play nice or i 'll have to sit you in the corner . '' 
 hallthor says summoning a bolt of lightning in front of the creatures . 
 `` this is ridiculous that door has to be around here somewhere ! 
 i ca n't believe we have n't found it yet . '' 
 yells kol wrapping them in a ball of magic energy and lifting them into the air . 
 sailing high into the sky they can see just how big the world of their mind is , stretching further than they can see are mountains , ocean and forests . 
 `` this could take a bit . '' 
 gasps hallthor . 
 `` i 'm sorry you had to come in here to rescue us kol . '' 
 `` me too . '' 
 frowns curios still looking around . 
 `` i 'm not , i made a promise to you both and we 're family . '' 
 smiles kol watching the monsters hiss and roar in anger as they look up at the trio . 
 `` besides we 've got some time up here to look around . '' 
 just then hundreds of combinations of monsters fly towards them from every corner of the world . 
 `` you were saying ? '' 
 curios sighs looking at the monsters . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 questions hallthor pointing to a far off mountain where a door of light is sitting on top . 
 `` that 's the way out of here ! '' 
 exclaims kol with glee . 
 unexpectedly all of the monsters veer away from them swarming around the door so thickly that they can no longer see it . 
 `` is n't that nice !? 
 look guys a welcoming committee ! '' 
 says kol sarcastically . 
 `` awe they should n't have . '' 
 adds curios . 
 `` we do n't want to be poor guests do we ? '' 
 questions hallthor . 
 `` you 're absolutely right brother , we do n't want to over stay our welcome so what do you gentlemen say we take our leave ? '' 
 replies kol . 
 `` and how exactly do you purpose we do that , they seem intent on us staying for a while . '' 
 asks curios thoughtfully . 
 `` well first i 'll need your weapons . '' 
 reluctantly they hand over the hammers and the trident , quickly kol adds his staff to the mix . 
 magically he fuses the staff to the top of the trident and then adds the hammers to the sides of the trident . 
 then together the three of them grab the weapon focusing all the power they have into it and throw it at the door swarming with creatures . 
 when the weapon hits the crowd of beasts the blast is the size of a nuclear bomb destroying the monsters completely and shaking the world . 
 the smiles each of them have quickly begin to fade as the monsters immediately start to reform to their dismay . 
 `` time to go . '' 
 kol says shooting towards the door with the others in tow . 
 as they gain speed kol increasingly has to dodge and weave through the reforming monsters nipping and biting at them . 
 `` we 're not going to make it ! '' 
 yells curios . 
 `` oh yes we will ! '' 
 kol says pushing even faster . 
 with a final blast through the gathering monsters kol shoots them through the door , instantly the three of them wake up sitting and staring at the dark room around them . 
 `` we 're alive ! '' 
 shouts hallthor jumping up . 
 before the others can jump up as well they all fly against the wall held in place . 
 `` so you survived . '' 
 states sigyn forming from the shadows . 
 `` step mother how nice to see you again , may i ask why you have us stuck against the wall ? 
 is it because of the gift i gave you on your last birthday ? 
 for the last time i swear i did n't know that the poisonous lindworm was going to attack you when you opened the present . '' 
 `` cute and colorful as always kol , maybe i 'll keep you around after i decimate your mind to amuse me . '' 
 she hisses walking towards him . 
 `` you know i 'd hate to get in the middle of a family dispute so if you could just let me down i 'll be on my way . '' 
 says hallthor jokingly . 
 `` is that right ? 
 and what about you curios ? '' 
 she questions . 
 `` i 'm fine you do n't have to let me down i wan na see how this whole thing plays out . '' 
 he answers happily . 
 `` charming to the last , tis a shame . 
 it would have been much easier and quite a bit less painful if you would have stayed locked in your minds . '' 
 she sighs pacing back and forth in front of them . 
 `` you 're just upset because your little trap did n't work . '' 
 enters a new voice filling the dark room . 
 walking out of the shadows herself is hecate greek goddess of magic , her dark auburn hair flows around her shoulders like wind is blowing even though the air is still . 
 her dark blue eyes are piercing and fierce visibly drinking in everything she sees . 
 her black and silver chiton is tightly fitting and adorned with bizarre symbols that glow and shift along the material with a cloak hanging loosely across her shoulders . 
 her voice is electric with a charge that sends shivers up and down their spines . 
 `` this is not your realm hecate . '' 
 hisses sigyn turning to face her . 
 `` it is more my realm than it is yours sigyn those of our kind like you have taken to an entirely different realm as your home . '' 
 hecate replies squelching sigyn 's argument . 
 `` either way when we are here on midgard the realms of the norse are our dominion not you greeks . '' 
 playing with a fire ball back and forth between her hands hecate smiles . 
 `` according to odin and zeus all of the gods have free rein to watch and interact with these demigods as long as we do not directly interfere with their quests , besides curios is a greek demigod . 
 aside from that i may be wrong but killing these demigods would count as interference . '' 
 `` what do i care about the orders of odin ? 
 i am the wife of loki the world ender . '' 
 yells sigyn . 
 `` you should care ! '' 
 booms odin 's voice filling the room as he appears in between the two goddesses . 
 odin 's presence is all encompassing as his body slightly glows with power , his golden armor shines even without the benefit of sunlight . 
 his white beard is neatly trimmed matching his shock white hair that hangs down to his shoulders . 
 the black eye patch he is wearing is aged and frayed and his visible blue eye is filled with rage as he stares at sigyn . 
 `` odin i ... '' begins sigyn only to be cut off by odin throwing her into the wall in one hit . 
 instantly kol and the others fall from the wall to their feet . 
 `` you dare defy my orders ! 
 i should cast you to helheim till ragnarok . '' 
 he yells . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 interjects loki appearing in front of odin . 
 `` father , now it 's a party . '' 
 kol says sarcastically . 
 `` how nice of you to come running when sigyn is threatened but when she 's about to kill me your nowhere to be found . '' 
 `` insolent whelp how dare you question your father . '' 
 snaps loki ready to back hand kol . 
 grabbing his wrist odin stops loki mid swing . 
 `` you will not strike my grandchild especially for an offense you do yourself , if you want to blame someone look in a mirror for it is you that gave him this trait . '' 
 `` why do you attack my wife all father ? '' 
 loki questions ignoring the comment . 
 `` because she attacked these demigods violating my order and impeding their quest then she compounded this action by insulting and questioning my authority , anytime someone challenges me in this way i deal with it quickly and decisively you know this and so does she . '' 
 `` she meant no offense father if anyone is to blame it is the greek . '' 
 loki says pointing at hecate . 
 `` every time they are around our people are on edge and lose their control our alliance with them is a mistake that will one day prove the downfall of asgard . '' 
 `` you would know all about the downfall of asgard would n't you father ? '' 
 questions kol smartly . 
 `` you know son i had hoped that you would be more like me , but i can see that more often than not you lean towards being like your uncle , that 's an unhealthy habit we 'll have to break you of . '' 
 `` by the by father , that reminds me did you hear that in exchange for killing ragnar i have given myself to thor as his son ? 
 do n't worry though , you too are still my father and i will never deny you but that is what thor asked of me in penance . '' 
 says kol . 
 `` and here we are one big happy family . '' 
 exclaims hallthor hugging odin and kol close to him . 
 `` come on uncle jump in here and make the hug complete . '' 
 `` i think not nephew , it was a well-played move by thor to adopt you kol . 
 i see that the games of who you will be have begun . 
 i will not be outmaneuvered by him now or ever , one way or another you will be the son i wanted you to be . '' 
 laughs loki vanishing into smoke along with sigyn . 
 `` thank you hecate and you grandfather for your well-timed intervention . '' 
 kol drops to his knees followed by the others . 
 `` it was lucky i happened to come and check on you when i did , i shudder to think of what sigyn may have done to you had i not . '' 
 hecate smiles placing her hand under kol 's chin and raising his head . 
 `` i have watched you often my grandchild and i am very pleased with your choice and your progress , you have dispelled any doubts of being a good man keep on your path and one day i promise you will join the gods in asgard . 
 the same holds true of you hallthor as well , i could not have asked for better grandchildren , as for you curios zeus has spoken highly of you and you are well on your way to joining the olympians . '' 
 `` lord odin , since it is because of a goddess that they have been so hindered would it not be just to aid them somehow on their quest ? '' 
 questions hecate winking at kol . 
 pondering for a moment odin finally breaks into a huge grin . 
 `` i believe it is only fair , as recompense for the problem you faced i will tell you to journey south , solve this riddle along the way and you will know where to go : the lost god is in a place that faces both land and sea , if you feel the spray upon your face one direction will there be . 
 listen close and hear the bark of the color yellow green and at that time you will find the god that has remained unseen . '' 
 hecate laughs for moment before stifling it . 
 `` very clever odin , the answer is right there young ones . 
 hopefully you are clever enough to decipher it , i have faith that you will but in the meantime as a gift to you for your bravery i have arranged for a ship to take you to ktn . 
 the captain is waiting for you even now , morning has come take your things and head to the dock the ship is called the vard . '' 
 `` thank you both i promise we will not fail the gods . '' 
 smiles kol before turning to his friends . 
 `` it 's time to make history demigod style . '' 
 chapter 23 `` now that is a nice ship ! '' 
 exclaims vasos whistling through his teeth at it . 
 `` we should make good time to melos . '' 
 frowns sevrrir . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 questions vasos noticing his frown . 
 `` kitty cats do n't like water . '' 
 answers sander for him . 
 `` are you calling me a coward you pathetic excuse for a child of the gods ? 
 i am sevrrir son of heimdall guardian of the gods all i know is duty , honor ... '' `` and fear of water ! '' 
 laughs sander before tripping over an oar and falling . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 giggles vasos stepping on board himself . 
 `` who cares ? '' 
 mutters sevrrir stepping past him . 
 `` no worries vasos i 'm fine , i did n't spill my drink ! '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` that 's nice sander . '' 
 vasos says ignoring him and walking up to the captain of the ship . 
 `` captain helios i presume . '' 
 `` indeed . '' 
 the captain replies shaking his hand fervently . 
 `` you must be vasos the avenger ; it is truly an honor to have you on board . 
 `` it is an honor to be here when do we sail ? '' 
 `` if there 's nothing else you need to do or get vasos we 'll sail right now . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` everyone and everything is present and accounted for captain , we are excited to get underway . '' 
 vasos replies happily . 
 just then sevrrir runs past them to the rail throwing up over the side . 
 `` at least two of us are . '' 
 vasos frowns at sevrrir . 
 `` now if you 'll excuse me captain i 'll introduce you to the others a little later . '' 
 `` i 'm looking forward to it . '' 
 laughs the captain walking off and shouting orders to the crew . 
 the ship lurches back and forth as they sail swiftly towards their destination , sander used the time to sleep while vasos learned everything he could about sailing but unfortunately for sevrrir , he has spent the last hour heaving over the side of the ship with his face changing colors . 
 unable to bare his friend unhappy vasos walks up rubbing his friend 's back for a moment . 
 `` is there anything i can do to help you with your sea sickness ? '' 
 `` it 's not sea sickness . '' 
 sevrrir replies eyeing sander to make sure he 's still napping . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 questions vasos following his gaze . 
 lowering his voice to a whisper . 
 `` sander was right , because of the lion 's blood in me i am deathly afraid of the water . '' 
 `` i knew it ! '' 
 laughs sander from right behind them startling them both . 
 `` quick the only way to calm him down is to get him a saucer of milk . '' 
 sevrrir turns quickly ready to attack but sander points behind him them . 
 `` look out tidal wave ! '' 
 `` you really think i 'm going to fall for that ? '' 
 questions sevrrir stomping towards him until a giant shadow blots out the sun . 
 `` all hands brace for impact ! '' 
 yells the captain confirming sevrrir 's fears . 
 frantic he changes into a lion running from the wave until he reaches the edge of the ship , and then quickly turning he stares in horror at the oncoming wave . 
 all at once the wave smashes into the ship nearly forcing it to capsize . 
 in seconds the lion is washed overboard with the mighty roar bring drown out as the water fills its mouth . 
 anxiously vasos and sander run to the railing searching for their comrade who pops up for a second still in lion form thrashing violently as he tries to stay afloat . 
 in seconds the fight is over as the lion rapidly sinks below the surface leaving behind a few bubbles as the only trace that it was ever there . 
 `` vasos quickly ! '' 
 yells sander forming a vine and handing it to him before diving into the water . 
 holding on to the vine firmly , vasos realizes that he 's been holding his breath in worry himself . 
 seconds pass by with the feel of hours as he stares attentively at the surface of the water waiting for any sign of his friends . 
 all of a sudden the vine tugs for a second against his grip , taking it as a signal sander has reached sevrrir , vasos pulls with all his might but to his disappointment the vine flies out of the water cut in half with no signs of his friends . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he yells preparing to jump into the water himself but before he can the ship shakes again driving him to the deck with a loud thud as he hits his head . 
 dazed with blurry vision he rolls onto his stomach staring at the opposite side of the ship where the impact originated . 
 to his shock he sees a massive figure rising out of the water . 
 a massive wormlike body is slowly rising out of the water , its hideous body is wrinkled like an old hags in rings of extra skin sagging up and down the width of the creature . 
 the color is putrid a nasty mix of faded yellow , red and dust brown . 
 as its horrid head breaches the water vasos nearly gags at the sight , it has beady yellow black eyes with no ears or nose to speak of , it 's massive mouth is foaming and dripping saliva from its jagged dagger like teeth at the same time a snake like tongue flickers back and forth at the air hungry for food but the worst thing about it was the foul breath that smelled of old fish , rotting flesh and old seaweed . 
 but all that was n't what made him gag , what made him almost lose his lunch was the sight of sander riding on top of the head of the creature known as a cetea holding sevrrir 's limp body close to him . 
 visibly vasos can see that the vines sander has created are already breaking from the creature thrashing about trying to reach them . 
 a surge of protective feelings swells in vasos turning his fear to anger in a second . 
 with a yell that frightens everyone even the creature , vasos runs at the edge of the deck leaping over the railing with such force that with his axe in his hands he sails right through the creature leaving a giant hole in his wake . 
 plunging into the water on the other side of the creature vasos breaks the surface of the water expecting to turn and find the monster dissolving but instead he discovers the creature fixing it 's gaze on him with absolute hatred . 
 out of the corner of his eye vasos can see sander throwing sevrrir 's limp body to the deck of the ship now that they are closer . 
 time seems to slow after that and many things happen in the same moment , sevrrir woke and to his horror drinks in the peril his comrades are in . 
 sander threw himself to the front of cetea attacking it with his bare fists forcing vines to grow out of it with every blow . 
 the creature dove towards vasos intent on devouring him and vasos dove under the water trying to avoid the jaws that spelled his certain doom . 
 as the creature 's head dove into the water sander lost his grip floating free in the ocean for a moment as sadly all he can do is watch the jaws of the creature close around vasos . 
 sander has no time to grieve since the creature quickly turned to finish him off , swimming as hard as he can sander breaches the surface but his elation is short lived when the creature explodes from underneath him grabbing him with its tongue as it raises higher and higher . 
 to his surprise he has n't been swallowed or chewed until he understands why . 
 vasos is holding him firmly with one hand while his feet and back strain with all his might keeping the jaws from closing on them . 
 with the angle of the creature sevrrir can see it all happening unable to help in anyway , wanting desperately to do something , anything but the moment he sees the water his fear locks him in place . 
 `` i ca n't hold it much longer ! '' 
 yells vasos . 
 `` you can if you let me go ! '' 
 sander shouts . 
 `` survive my brother and no matter what i said in the past know that i have always respected you and would never have let harm come to you if i could help it , let me protect you now . 
 let me go ! '' 
 `` no i wo n't , just use your vines to keep the mouth open ! '' 
 `` they 're not strong enough we 'd both be killed ! '' 
 `` i wo n't let you fall , i wo n't lose you ! '' 
 vasos shrieks as he begins to lose his grip . 
 `` the choice is n't yours anymore , i have to do this vasos it 's the only way you 'll survive , take care of sevrrir , goodbye my brother . '' 
 cries sander forcing vines to grow in between his arm and vasos hand forcing it open . 
 `` gods no ! '' 
 yells sevrrir from the deck as he watches sander disappear into the creatures throat . 
 noticing the massive hole in the monster sevrrir forgets his fear fueled by rage , quickly he changes shape back into a lion and throws himself into the hole of the creature and then to everyone 's surprise begins clawing his way up the inside of the cetea destroying it as he goes . 
 with the crew watching the creature 's jaws move closer and closer together and just when it looked like all was lost the massive lion body of sevrrir explodes from the mouth grabbing vasos in its jaws without hurting him and sander on his back . 
 with one final wail of pain the cetea begins to dissolve to dust as the trio drops into the water . 
 minutes later the three of them are breathless with their chests heaving , the crew is rushing about to get them blankets , water and food all the while praising their names and deeds . 
 `` thought you did n't like me . '' 
 wheezes sander looking at sevrrir . 
 flushed sevrrir stands running his fingers through his hair . 
 `` i do n't , i just ... i just did n't want anyone taking away my pleasure of killing you that 's all . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 sander smiles . 
 `` so you respect me and really do care for sevrrir huh ? '' 
 questions vasos , putting him on the spot . 
 `` that was the alcohol talking , the real reason i wanted you to drop me is so i could finally be released from this damn quest . '' 
 he yawns shrugging off the question as he opens his flask . 
 `` sure it was . '' 
 vasos says getting to his feet . 
 `` it was . '' 
 sander insists taking a long drink . 
 `` i believe you . '' 
 vasos reassures him . 
 `` in any case you both did a great job and i am proud to call you both brothers . '' 
 `` likewise . '' 
 sevrrir nods shivering still from the dip in the water . 
 `` i 'll drink to that . '' 
 sander waves . 
 vasos smiles one last time as he walks over to the captain . 
 `` could i talk to you for a minute ? '' 
 he questions . 
 `` sure what 's on your mind ? '' 
 `` actually i 'd like to talk to you in private if i could . '' 
 vasos says looking around . 
 `` it 's kind of personal . '' 
 `` say no more let 's head to my cabin . '' 
 vasos follows the man to his quarters winking at his friends as he passes . 
 helios closes the doors behind them after they enter the room . 
 `` before you say anything vasos i want to tell you how impressed i was with you and your men . 
 not many people , heroes or otherwise would have been able to defeat that thing . '' 
 `` yeah sorry to have disappointed you by the way . '' 
 he replies flatly playing with something 's on the captain 's desk . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` do n't look so offended or surprised . 
 i found it very odd that the cetea -lrb- which just happens to be one of eris ' creatures by the way -rrb- attacked us an hour after we depart but does n't really attack the ship only the demigods aboard and what happens while we were attacked and fighting for our lives ? 
 your crew did nothing . '' 
 `` everyone was just in shock , we 're not trained soldiers . '' 
 he says nervously edging towards his sword lying on the desk . 
 `` go ahead reach for it . '' 
 smiles vasos leaning back in the chair opposite the captain . 
 `` you know you want to . 
 just think of it , we 're completely alone . 
 you could take care of me and then attack my partners before they knew what was happening . '' 
 lunging for the sword helios is surprised to see that vasos did n't move even an inch to stop him , instead he just sat unconcerned at the situation . 
 `` you should have brought a weapon in here with you . '' 
 `` what could you do against me mortal ? 
 what can you do against a man that is a weapon himself . '' 
 helios starts to shake for a moment before he suddenly bursts into tears . 
 `` no one will ever love me . '' 
 he cries . 
 rolling his eyes vasos stands up slapping him in the face so hard he drops his sword . 
 `` pull it together man ! 
 now tell me what was your deal and with who ? '' 
 chapter 24 `` i suck at riddles . '' 
 says hallthor causing kol and curios to roll their eyes as they walk down to the beach . 
 `` believe it or not hallthor we heard you the first five times you said that . '' 
 sighs curios . 
 `` you do n't get it , i tried my hand at riddles , thor gave me a riddle once so i could find magic armor but i could n't figure it out , i tried for a year straight and could n't figure it out . '' 
 `` you know i 'd love to take a shot at helping you find that armor but right now we have a little too much going on . 
 if we happen to survive these quests i 'll be more than happy to help you find it . '' 
 smiles kol looking at curios who nods in agreement . 
 `` i appreciate the offer guys but thor told me that this quest was easily one that i or no demigod would be able to survive . '' 
 he says staring at the ground . 
 `` maybe that 's why i did n't figure it out , i hate to admit that i was a little afraid . '' 
 `` fear is nothing to be ashamed of hallthor , everyone feels it from time to time . '' 
 says curios trying to make him feel better . 
 `` out of curiosity what is the riddle ? '' 
 questions kol . 
 thinking for a moment hallthor clears his throat . 
 `` in the land where the red wind blows and stones are made to point at the sky , there is a hall with ages past flowing right by your eye . 
 digging down is the way to find the first king who 's dressed in rags where it will be , but you better move once you have it post haste or no more days you shall see . '' 
 `` cryptic . '' 
 says curious scratching his head . 
 `` hmm , interesting . 
 we 'll figure it out and deal with it together . '' 
 kol says stopping in front of a large ship . 
 `` here we are . '' 
 curios stares at the ship . 
 `` well let 's get moving ktn awaits . '' 
 says kol happily . 
 `` hey where are the bags kol you said you were going to carry them . '' 
 questions hallthor . 
 `` right here . '' 
 kol answers focusing energy between his hands for a second causing the bags to appear from thin air and then disappear again . 
 `` the advantage of magic . '' 
 `` i 'll say . '' 
 curios answers . 
 `` what else can you do ? '' 
 `` i can fly using magic and summon a magic staff to focus blasts of power through . '' 
 `` anything without using magic ? '' 
 asks curios . 
 `` what about that freezing thing you do ? 
 asks hallthor . 
 `` the freezing ability comes from loki being a child of the frost giants , and my father along with being the god of magic also controls shape changing , manipulation , fire and thievery but i have n't been able to shape shift yet or control fire and tricking people or stealing just does n't feel right . '' 
 `` we 'll all have to practice with our abilities even the ones we 're uncomfortable with , i have a feeling we 're going to need every ounce of power we have in our journey ahead , now what about your mother what was she like ? '' 
 questions curios . 
 hanging his head in a frown as he walks up the plank onto the ship kol whispers the answer . 
 `` i never knew my mother and my father never talks about her , every time i bring it up he gets angry and changes the subject . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't mean to bring up a painful memory . '' 
 forcing a smile . 
 `` not to worry curios , there was no way for you to know . '' 
 `` permission to come aboard ? '' 
 hollers hallthor interrupting the others . 
 `` identify yourselves first ! '' 
 responds a voice . 
 `` i am kol and with me are hallthor and curios , hecate sent us . '' 
 `` come aboard . '' 
 says a burly short round man about four feet tall . 
 he is broad chested with a long black flowing beard intermingled with his long black hair in a fantastic mess so you could n't tell where one ended and the other began . 
 he wore a chainmail shirt and brown pants tucked into his large black boots and at his side hung a sword that looked too big for him to lift as it slightly dragged along the floor . 
 `` let 's get something straight punks , i do n't like you and i guarantee that once you get to know me you wo n't like me . 
 the only reason i 'm doing this is because of his precious daddy . '' 
 he says pointing at curios . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i was a no one thrown out of my home because of my love of the sea , my most fervent wish was to sail the seas for the rest of my life but i had no way to buy a ship of my own . 
 so i prayed and prayed to poseidon , low and behold he answered . 
 the old sea dog gave me this magic ship , i do n't need a crew to run it all i have to do is think of where i want to go and it does . 
 i do n't need to fix it because it fixes itself but anything you get from the gods comes at a price , in exchange for the ship i had to swear allegiance to the gods of the sea for ten years . '' 
 `` what a nice bed time story i 'll sleep better knowing you hate us and actually do n't want to be doing this . '' 
 hallthor grunts stepping onto the ship . 
 `` right now let 's get underway captain ... ? '' 
 `` floggen . '' 
 he says heading to the wheel . 
 `` floggen the terrible ? '' 
 questions hallthor with a laugh . 
 `` some call me that . '' 
 he huffs sticking out his chest and hitting it with pride . 
 `` i pictured you differently , the stories say you are ten feet tall and the best swordsmen to sail the seas . '' 
 clearly the stories are exaggerated . 
 `` wait the guy taking us to ktn is a pirate ? '' 
 asks kol `` how can we trust you ? '' 
 `` first off , if you think i 'm not the best swordsmen on the sea feel free to test me , secondly i 'm not a pirate , i prefer to call myself a treasure relocation expert . 
 third i do n't care if you trust me . '' 
 `` best swordsmen or not you could n't handle any of us one on one let alone three so i 'd rethink your little bravado because if we ca n't trust you we 'll throw you over board and take the ship ourselves to ktn after all i 'm sure curios could control the ship just fine . '' 
 snaps kol stomping towards floggen with the others . 
 `` you 'd steal it from me ? 
 i would n't expect such behavior from children of the gods . '' 
 he laughs heading the ship out to sea . 
 `` i 'm the son of loki god of thieves and evil it would n't be so out of the ordinary for me , besides according to you we 're just relocating the treasure we 've found . '' 
 laughs kol summoning his staff . 
 `` ok , no need to get all worked up , i will tell you something to put your mind at ease . 
 i ca n't betray my promise to help , which means getting you there in one piece and if you need more convincing then i 'll let you in on a little secret another god , njord is planning on testing you on this voyage , he is going to send some sort of monster against you . 
 i was n't supposed to tell you but what the heck since were all friends here why not . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` feel better now ? '' 
 `` wonderful . '' 
 says hallthor turning a little green . 
 `` good i 'm glad i can help , now with how fast this baby can travel we should be at ktn in a few days , i mean provided you do n't die that is . '' 
 `` i 'm not worried about it , we have the son of a sea god on our side . '' 
 says kol patting curios on the back . 
 `` njord is a god of the sea as well though , for all we know he could counter my powers to test us . '' 
 frowns curios . 
 `` not exactly motivational is he ? '' 
 questions floggen . 
 `` listen i 'm not saying i ca n't help or wo n't try , i 'm just saying let 's not bet everything on the fact that i 'm the son of poseidon . '' 
 `` i did n't mean for it to sound like it 's all on you curios , all i 'm saying is i feel better that you are with us . '' 
 kol amends . 
 `` we 'll take care of anything he can send against us . '' 
 hallthor says . 
 `` such confidence does you credit son of thor . '' 
 declares hephaestus appearing next to floggen . 
 `` great . 
 just what i need . '' 
 complains floggen . 
 `` i see you still have the warming personality floggen . '' 
 he laughs slapping him on the back so hard floggen nearly flies over the helm . 
 `` what would you expect from someone you had removed from his people ? '' 
 he retorts righting himself again . 
 `` for the last time i had nothing to do with your being cast out from the dwarf people you did that all on your own . '' 
 `` no wonder you 're so short . '' 
 exclaims hallthor . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 questions floggen . 
 `` you got a problem with the dwarves or short people ? '' 
 `` not at all . '' 
 `` that 's it come here you little upstart . '' 
 floggen yells pulling out his sword . 
 `` while those two play you and curios talk with me kol . '' 
 laughs hephaestus watching floggen chase hallthor all over the ship . 
 `` what can we do for you lord hephaestus ? '' 
 questions curios . 
 `` it 's what i can do for you my young friends . 
 my adopted son vasos is currently on his quests , like you he and his companions have faced and will face many trails along the way before you must join with him and continue on by yourselves . 
 the more that i thought about this the more it bothered me , i would prefer it if you both at least begin to talk now so you may get to know one another . 
 it will help you both work together much easier when you meet , to that end i give you this automaton . '' 
 a large eagle lands on his arm from the sky . 
 `` with this creature you may speak a message and it will speed it to vasos and he will do the same , simply press the button on the chest . '' 
 `` thank you my lord but may i ask why it is that you did n't take this to vasos first ? 
 surely it would have been much easier for you to take it to him . '' 
 ponders kol . 
 `` maybe it would have been were i not being watched so closely by zeus . 
 he believes i am helping vasos too much . '' 
 he answers darkly . 
 `` not to sound ungrateful my lord but i think i deserve to know if that 's what this is really about . '' 
 kol states . 
 `` it is about helping you both i assure you . '' 
 `` again we thank you then my lord . '' 
 smiles curios . 
 `` is there no way that we can repay you ? '' 
 `` maybe there is a way you can curios , my son and his friends have n't the any powers over the sea . 
 already they have narrowly survived an encounter with a monster , if there is any way at all you could help i would appreciate it . '' 
 `` i will do my best to help them my lord . '' 
 he bows . 
 `` thank you , now i must go . 
 i do not wish for certain other gods to find me here and trails of your own approach , farewell my young friends . '' 
 he says disappearing . 
 `` hey guys any help here would be nice . '' 
 yells hallthor climbing the mast with floggen in hot pursuit . 
 `` hey short stuff relax already , hallthor did n't mean anything by what he said . '' 
 shouts curios . 
 `` short stuff ? '' 
 questions floggen dropping down and stomping over towards curios . 
 `` say that to my face fish bait ! '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 laughs kol kneeling to see the dwarf eye to eye . 
 `` why you arrogant little ... '' yells floggen running at kol and trying to tackle him only to fly through the conjured image sailing over board into the water . 
 `` how 's the water little man ? '' 
 questions kol staring at the dwarf . 
 `` pull me out right now ! '' 
 he demands splashing wildly . 
 `` only if you 've calmed down . '' 
 `` fine i 'm calm , now get me back on the ship so i can thrash you ! '' 
 he yells back . 
 `` i 'm betting that 's the best we 're going to get out of him . '' 
 curios says to kol . 
 `` you want to do the honors or should i ? '' 
 `` be my guest . '' 
 instantly a torrent of water lifts floggen out of the water depositing him on the deck . 
 `` now , no more trouble out of you or its back in the drink for good . '' 
 kol says walking back to hallthor who is just getting down from the mast . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 anyway , what did hephaestus say ? '' 
 `` he gave us a gift to communicate with our counterparts . '' 
 he answers . 
 shoving his way in between them floggen stares at hallthor . 
 `` next time you disrespect me , promise be damned i 'll end you for good . '' 
 `` i did n't want to hurt you floggen but if you attack me again all bets are off ugly . '' 
 `` we 'll see about that punk . '' 
 he says trudging towards his cabin . 
 `` idiot . '' 
 yells hallthor . 
 `` stupid ! '' 
 he yells back slamming the door . 
 `` i like that guy . '' 
 says hallthor happily turning back towards kol . 
 `` right , anyway i 'm going to send a message to vasos now , i 'm eager to find out about the guy . '' 
 `` what are you going to say ? '' 
 `` depends on curios , have you decided what help you 're going to send ? '' 
 `` not yet . '' 
 `` you 'll hear . '' 
 lifting his arm the eagle immediately lands on it , pressing the button kol smiles . 
 `` hail vasos , i am kol . 
 surely you have been told of me the way i have been told about you , your father gave us this gift so our two groups could communicate and we could get to know each other . 
 right now myself and my two companions hallthor son of thor , and curios son of poseidon are heading to ktn . 
 for our first quest i have been charged to find the lost god od all we have is a riddle to go by , a riddle we have yet to solve . 
 also , curios is planning on trying to help you on your journey over water as we have heard you have no powers over the water , we 're not sure what he 's going to do yet but anything we can do we will . 
 i look forward to hearing from you , until then may the norns bless your journey . '' 
 again kol presses the button anxiously awaiting the result with a whirl of gears and mechanics the bird soars into the air shooting through the air so fast kol ca n't help but wonder how long it will be before it reaches vasos . 
 `` what do you think he 'll say ? '' 
 questions hallthor . 
 `` who knows ? 
 but right now we have other things to worry about , i can feel a shift rolling across the ocean something comes for us . '' 
 says curios gravely , staring out over the water . 
 chapter 25 `` and what did pontos promise you and why has he chosen to attack us ? '' 
 `` he promised that the crew and i would have its weight in gold and forever we would be safe when sailing . 
 as for why he has targeted you i do n't know he did n't tell me . '' 
 `` i will get to the bottom of why he has attacked us but as for you and your crew my treacherous friend you will get in the life boats and leave , my friends and i will handle the voyage to melos . '' 
 leers vasos . 
 `` you ca n't do this ; i wo n't order my men to do it . '' 
 vasos laugh fills the cabin . 
 `` like you 'll have a choice . '' 
 changing his voice to use his siren call , vasos orders the captain to say nothing to anyone but instead just call his friends into the cabin , obeying helios heads out calling the other two demigods into the cabin . 
 `` what 's going on vasos ? '' 
 questions sevrrir entering the room . 
 `` we have been betrayed by the crew and the captain . '' 
 quickly he fills them in on the conversation he had with the captain and his plan moving forward . 
 `` that 's all well and good but i do n't know how to sail . '' 
 worries sander nursing his flask . 
 `` i have some experience but i 'm not sure how helpful i 'll be with my fear . '' 
 says sevrrir . 
 `` so do i and i 'm sure you 'll be fine we 'll figure out how to help you with it later , but between the two of us we should be alright to sail the ship . 
 it 's that or we stay on a ship full of people we ca n't trust . '' 
 `` i hope we can overcome my fear but first we have to figure out how to get the crew to go into the boats willingly . '' 
 states sevrrir . 
 `` i 've got an idea on that . '' 
 hiccups sander . 
 `` what 'd you have in mind ? '' 
 inquires vasos with a mischievous smile . 
 five minutes later the captain and his crew are stumbling around the deck feeling drunk and desperately trying to get into the boats they have just fallen in love with . 
 as the trio watches the crew empties into the boats kissing the wood everywhere they can , then with one last wave of his hand sander drives insanity into the minds of the crew . 
 frantically the crew yells dropping the boats into the water to get away from the ship infected with the crazy thought that the ship is going to eat them . 
 `` i 've got to say that was actually a good plan . '' 
 sevrrir says looking at sander with grudging respect . 
 `` that 's right i 'm not just another pretty face . '' 
 `` i 'll say . '' 
 laughs vasos until a giant metal eagle lands on the deck in front of him . 
 quick as thought vines wrap around the automaton and the axe sverrir carries swings towards the creation only to be stopped vasos sword . 
 `` relax guys , that 's an automaton one of my father 's creations no doubt . 
 it 's probably a gift to us . '' 
 reluctantly sander removes his vines and sevrrir puts away his axe waiting to see what will happen next . 
 after a minute sander breaks the silence . 
 `` well what happens now obviously just staring at the thing is n't accomplishing anything other than making my eyes hurt ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . '' 
 vasos exclaims running his fingers over the bird searching for anything out of the ordinary . 
 all of a sudden the button on the chest begins beeping insistently startling them . 
 `` push it . '' 
 says vasos to sevrrir . 
 `` it 's your father 's whatever , you push it . 
 how do i know that thing is n't going to shock or attack or something if i touch it , if you 're so sure he sent it you do it . '' 
 `` relax sevrrir it not like it 's made of water . '' 
 he jokes pushing the button . 
 loudly after the button is pressed the message kol recorded plays back for vasos and the others to hear . 
 after it finishes vasos looks at the others for their opinions . 
 `` a riddle to find a god ? 
 that sucks , at least we know where we have to go . '' 
 says sander . 
 `` for now , for our second quest we need to find the lost armor of achilles . 
 no one knows where it is . '' 
 sighs vasos . 
 `` i wonder what help this curios can send ? '' 
 ponders sevrrir . 
 `` who knows but any help we can get would be great , we 're at a serious disadvantage here at sea and i seriously doubt that the enemies we have are done . '' 
 chimes in sander . 
 `` i 'm wondering what the hell a norn is . '' 
 puzzles vasos . 
 `` norns are the fates . '' 
 answers sevrrir . 
 `` what do you think we should say back ? '' 
 `` i 'll figure it out , i suppose we just press the button again to send a message . '' 
 vasos answers pressing the button . 
 `` kol it 's good to hear from you and know that someone else can appreciate what we are going through . 
 i stand here with sander demigod son of dionysus and sevrrir demigod son of heimdall . 
 we are sailing to the island of rhodes where our first quest is for us to defeat chrysaor son of poseidon and medusa and retrieve his golden mask . 
 for this quest we will have to travel a long way over water so anything curios could do would be greatly appreciated . 
 our journey has already been fraught with problems ; we were attacked by a cetea barely surviving . 
 also , we discovered that it was the ancient sea god pontos who sent the creature after us and bribed the crew to turn against us , we have yet to find out why . 
 fortunately we have handled both problems but now we are the only ones left on the ship . 
 in regards to the problem of the riddle if you tell us what it is we will help try and solve it , until we hear from you my friend good luck and may the fates protect you as well . '' 
 at the end vasos presses the button and watches with awe as the bird sails into the air . 
 `` a lot of good that does . '' 
 huffs sevrrir . 
 `` i mean i hope that they can send help but in the end will the gods even allow them to ? 
 this quest is ours after all , if they wanted us to work together we 'd all be together would n't we ? '' 
 `` we 'll find out , if they are stopped from sending help or the gods keep us from solving the puzzle it 'll be pretty clear but if that was the case then i do n't think my father would have made the creation in the first place . '' 
 replies vasos walking to the helm . 
 `` now let 's see if we can figure out where the hell we are since we 've just been letting the ship sail on its own since the crew left . '' 
 `` what we need is help . '' 
 sighs sander . 
 `` no offense to either of you but i 'm not sure that you can get us there , it takes a whole crew to sail a ship . 
 having the both of you sail by yourselves is like me getting drunk and trying to win a horse race . '' 
 `` you have anything other than complaints and doubts to go with that ? '' 
 questions sevrrir clearly annoyed . 
 `` what about bion ? 
 he said that anything we need he 'd be willing to help . '' 
 he answers thoughtfully . 
 `` it 's worth a try . '' 
 says vasos pouring over some maps . 
 `` i 'm starting to feel sick again . '' 
 announces sevrrir holding his stomach . 
 `` drink ? '' 
 offers sander helpfully shoving the flask in his face making sevrrir gag even more . 
 `` oh gods . '' 
 he says running to the side of the ship to throw up again with sander in hot pursuit . 
 with a sigh he watches sevrrir get sick again and sander intent on tormenting him `` bion it 's vasos , i hate to ask you for help but we 're kind of lost at sea here , literally . '' 
 shocking vasos a hand appears on his shoulder . 
 `` there 's nothing wrong with asking for help from family vasos , i told you if there was anything i could do i would . '' 
 `` lord bion . '' 
 he says bowing but when he looks up bion is busy watching and laughing at sevrrir and sander . 
 following his gaze vasos is just in time to see sevrrir turn into a lion and hit sander with a clawless swipe sending him across the deck . 
 sander is laughing uncontrollably until he sees that his flask is no longer in his pocket but instead on the floor of the deck spilling out freely . 
 `` not the wine ! 
 anything but the wine ! '' 
 he yells scrambling to get the flask . 
 `` they are too funny . 
 how you get anything done at all is beyond me . '' 
 he chuckles looking back at vasos . 
 `` so anyway what is it you would have of me ? '' 
 `` well we have a problem here , the crew betrayed us under the influence of pontos so we had to get rid of them which we did , but now we are but three men left to sail one ship and we do n't really have all that much experience so we need help there . 
 also we wish to know why pontos conspired against us in the first place and if you can help us against him . '' 
 `` a tall request , i will do my best to help you . 
 first let 's take care of sevrrir 's issue . '' 
 walking over to him with a simple touch he removes his fear of water for good . 
 `` as a gift to you sevrrir i remove your fear of water and should you ever wish it i will also give you wings to aid you in your lion form . 
 although i 'm not sure that your mother would approve of such a change . '' 
 `` thank you bion . '' 
 he bows . 
 `` i would like to have the wings but first i will speak with my mother . '' 
 `` as for why pontos has attacked and worked against you is obvious , he has made a deal with ares and eris , beware for they have many allies and this is just the beginning . 
 i can not attack him directly to aid you zeus forbids a war among the gods . '' 
 he says rolling his eyes . 
 `` regrettably he is already sending another creature to attack you but take heart in the regards that curios will be sending help to you . 
 now when it comes to the ship i am not a titan of the sea , i am the titan of the earth that 's about as far away as you can get so what i can do is bestow upon you the ability to feel the land of this place you are sailing to . 
 never will you be lost at sea because you will be drawn to the land of your choosing . '' 
 `` thank you bion . '' 
 smiles vasos . 
 `` anytime my young friend . '' 
 smiles bion a little too evilly for vasos liking before he disappears . 
 `` what was that look about ? '' 
 questioned sevrrir walking up to vasos . 
 `` i 'm grateful and all for what he did for me but that look really creeps me the hell out . '' 
 `` i agree something is amiss , i 'm just not sure what . '' 
 `` who cares at least we have some hope now . '' 
 sighs sander staring out over the ocean . 
 `` let 's just get the ship to melos as soon as possible . '' 
 `` i agree but before we get there we 're going to have to deal with whatever pontos sends against us now . '' 
 vasos complains . 
 `` we 'll defeat it i 'm sure . '' 
 smiles sevrrir . 
 abruptly the boat shakes rocking back and forth as karkinos the giant crab crawls onto the deck of the ship forcing the boat to slant . 
 `` this is what he sends ? 
 not a problem . '' 
 sevrrir says turning into a lion . 
 but before he can attack a giant wave hits the ship as a giant sea hydra emerges from the sea on the other side of the boat . 
 sander turns to sevrrir who 's lion face has a priceless look on his face . 
 `` open mouth and insert foot . '' 
 chapter 26 `` first things first . 
 floggen do you have any weapons on board ? '' 
 questions kol . 
 `` why ? 
 i 'm contracted to sail the ship not fight that 's your problem . '' 
 he answers looking at the sky turn dark . 
 `` you 're as lazy as you are short . '' 
 snaps hallthor . 
 `` thanks . 
 and you are as ugly as you are dumb . '' 
 he snaps back . 
 `` ladies please , we have other things to worry about right now , you can continue your flirting later . '' 
 exclaims kol . 
 `` here it comes ! 
 listen ! '' 
 yells curios . 
 a large scream erupts rolling across the water as a huge man emerges from the water covered in seaweed . 
 towering over them at fifty feet his clothes are ripped and hanging off of his massive body which fades into smoke for a second and then appears again , his eyes are yellow matching his teeth and from the knees down he is composed of half a row boat . 
 his weathered old hands are holding a giant oar that he is using to slowly row towards them . 
 `` a draugen ! '' 
 yells hallthor throwing one of his hammers at it . 
 their hopes are dashed when the hammer sails right through the draugen without doing any damage at all . 
 `` what the hell is a draugen ? '' 
 questions curios staring in awe . 
 `` he 's the ghost of a man that died at sea he 's fond of sinking ships and drowning fishermen and sailors . '' 
 answers kol firing a bolt of magic at the creature . 
 expecting it to go right through like the last attack , kol is surprised when his shot knocks the creature back a little . 
 his two friends look at him for a second with some respect . 
 shrugging kol simply says . 
 `` who knew ? '' 
 `` i do n't mean to be pushy but that thing is in the way of where we have to go . '' 
 yawns floggen . 
 `` really ? 
 what are the odds ? 
 who would have ever thought that an evil force would appear to attack and be right in the path we have to travel ? 
 damn the luck ! 
 why cruel world ? 
 why ?! '' 
 yells hallthor sarcastically . 
 `` ha , ha , ha . 
 you know , i really kind of hope you die in the next few minutes . '' 
 replies floggen serenely . 
 `` i 'll handle the creature , you guys sail around it and when i 'm done i 'll catch up . '' 
 demands kol lifting into the air . 
 `` and how do you hope to defeat that thing ? '' 
 questions curios grabbing onto kol 's feet so he lifts up with him dangling in the air . 
 `` seriously ? 
 this is your plan to keep me on the ship holding on to my feet ? '' 
 `` better than my plan , i was going to hit you in the head with my hammer . '' 
 says hallthor spinning it his hand . 
 dropping to the deck kol ca n't help but smile at their protectiveness . 
 `` listen guys , i know you want to help but this thing is a ghost , your powers wo n't even hurt it . 
 i 'm the only one who even stands a chance against it ; i have to do this alone . 
 just get to safety , you nearly died once already because of me . 
 i wo n't risk your safety you guys mean to much to me , now get out of here . '' 
 the others want to argue but in the end they know kol is probably right , sorrowfully they watch as the draugen draws closer and their brother kol walks up to floggen . 
 `` do me a favor floggen and get them to safety as quick as you can and no matter what happens keep going do not let them come back for me . 
 i know you do n't like hallthor but that guy is my brother , please do n't let anything happen to him or curios . '' 
 `` a little secret for you kol , i like the guy he 's got guts . 
 not many people tell me the truth or have the guts to keep jabbing at me , i 'll watch out for your brothers i give you my word . '' 
 he says socking kol in the arm . 
 `` good luck kid , i hope you survive . '' 
 without another word kol shoots into the air firing bolt after bolt of magic at the ghost trying to keep it at bay while the ship sails around . 
 for the first few minutes it seems like kol might actually pull it off , he 's flying at such a great speed that the ghost is unable to grab or hit him . 
 each blast he fires sends a shock through the creature driving it back into the sea but then out of nowhere water creeps up behind kol wrapping him tightly and dragging him to the hand of the draugen . 
 frantically kol struggles to get free as curios and hallthor run to the edge watching in revulsion . 
 `` we 've got to help him . '' 
 yells hallthor . 
 `` no you 've got to continue on , kol risked himself to save you both honor him by living to fight another day . '' 
 says floggen shortly . 
 `` i 'll honor him alright by saving his life . '' 
 says curios diving into the water . 
 `` i 'm right behind you curios . '' 
 shouts hallthor getting ready to fly into the air . 
 before he can floggen tackles him to the deck pinning him to it . 
 `` you crazy little freak what the hell are you doing ? 
 let me go ! '' 
 `` not a chance kid , i said i 'd protect you two and i 'm going to damn it ! '' 
 yells floggen quickly tethering his hands together and then to the mast . 
 `` what about curios ? 
 he already got away , you already failed so just let me go ! 
 i 'll tell you what , if you let me go i 'll head out and bring him back quick as a flash . '' 
 struggles hallthor against the rope . 
 `` i do n't think so pal . '' 
 floggen says heading back towards the helm . 
 `` but i 've got to help them ! '' 
 `` relax you bone head , i may regret this but i 'm heading back to help . 
 after all no one lives forever right ? '' 
 he laughs turning the ship around . 
 `` i admire your courage but how do you really think you can help ? 
 it 's a ghost remember ? '' 
 `` and this is a magic ship , if magic can hurt it then when i ram into the thing it should do some major damage . 
 or it 'll fail completely we 'll sail right through it and he 'll destroy us in devastating manner . '' 
 replies floggen matter-of-factly . 
 as they speed towards the creature the two of them can see curios cutting through the water about to reach the draugen , right before reaching it curios dives under the water disappearing from sight for a moment . 
 `` hurry floggen . '' 
 urges hallthor . 
 suddenly curios explodes riding the water straight up to the fist holding kol , with just a touch water flows in between the creatures fingers prying the hand open dropping kol onto the spout of water that speeds away in an instant carrying the two of them back to the ship and safety for the time being . 
 gently the water deposits the two of them on the deck near hallthor . 
 `` glad to see that you were able to keep at least one of them here . '' 
 mutters kol turning back towards the creature ready to go and fight again . 
 `` kol hold on we can do this together and we have some help on the way . '' 
 says curios . 
 `` plus since the ship is magic floggen thinks it might be able to harm the creature if we ram it . '' 
 says hallthor still struggling against the rope . 
 `` a little help here . '' 
 walking up to the others floggen slaps hallthor on the shoulder as he passes . 
 `` you 're fine relax thunderbolt . 
 now whatever you 're going to do you better do it quickly the thing is heading straight for us . '' 
 `` okay what 's the help you have on the way ? '' 
 questions kol looking at curios . 
 `` a kraken . '' 
 he answers with a huge smile . 
 `` nice . 
 very nice . '' 
 `` what are you thinking kol ? '' 
 `` watch this . '' 
 replies kol throwing his hands in the air . 
 fog rolls across the water immersing the entire ship and draugen in a cover so thick they ca n't see ten feet in front of them . 
 `` how are we supposed to attack the creature if we ca n't see him ? '' 
 questions floggen with a frown . 
 `` wait for it . '' 
 as they watch the fog slowly pulls together in five different places creating duplicate looking ships complete with clones of them on it . 
 `` that 'll buy us a little time now for the next part of the plan , whereas we 're waiting for the kraken we will attack with the ship , i will have one of my ships made out of illusion head towards the creature drawing his attention when he turns we will attack from behind and then hopefully the kraken will be here and able to finish it off . '' 
 `` it should , whatever else this thing may be it is still a creature of the sea . 
 if my powers can hurt it so should the kraken . '' 
 reasons curios . 
 `` then it 's show time . '' 
 `` are you guys seriously going to leave me tied to the mast ? '' 
 questions hallthor sitting against the mast dejectedly . 
 `` of course not hallthor . '' 
 laughs kol . 
 `` floggen , would you do the honors ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 floggen says walking past hallthor with a laugh . 
 `` i 'm needed at the helm . '' 
 `` you foul little troll ! '' 
 `` hey ! 
 that 's hitting below the belt ! '' 
 snaps floggen . 
 `` you 'd know all about hitting below the belt would n't you shorty ? '' 
 he taunts . 
 `` tuff talk , say that to my face . '' 
 `` i 'm sitting down come here and i will . '' 
 replies hallthor as curios cuts him free . 
 `` guys , big picture here come on . '' 
 whines kol pointing back at the monster . 
 `` the illusion ship is almost to him . '' 
 `` right , let 's do this ! '' 
 yells floggen urging the ship towards the creature . 
 the plan works perfectly , the ship hits the monster with an eerie creek shattering the boat and destroying some of the legs , as the ship plows through the draugen falls backwards landing on the surface of the water wailing in anger . 
 his screams are cut short by the kraken 's sudden appearance , as the four of them watch the giant octopus wrap the entire creature in its tentacles pulling it apart in one movement . 
 `` masterfully done demigods , you have proved to me that you are brave and true to each other and resourceful enough to use your abilities wisely . 
 i , like many others , had to make sure of the hero you proclaim to be , unfortunately the gods will each want to make their own judgment by i will do my best to convince the others that no more such tests are needed and as a courtesy to my fellow sea gods son i will send strong winds and good torrents to aid you . '' 
 the four of them look directly off the railing to see njord , norse god of the sea . 
 his green sea weed colored hair is surrounding his face framing it perfectly as it hangs down a little past his shoulders . 
 his blue eyes off set the green mustache and beard hanging from his face down over his chest , the hair slightly covers his gold colored armor which is made from the bones of a shark covering his chest with the designs of scales . 
 his bare arms are rippling and muscular ending in strong and weathered hands . 
 his brown pants are held in place by a giant belt with a circular buckle that looks like an eye staring at everything and his feet are bare and notably webbed . 
 `` great njord , thank you for your help . '' 
 bows curios . 
 `` it was my pleasure and the least i could do after putting you all through my little test . '' 
 answers njord . 
 `` you must be tired of these tests by now . '' 
 `` in truth lord njord , i fear that it will always be this way for me and anyone who calls themselves my friend or family . '' 
 answers kol . 
 `` it will not always be such kol , the importance of this quest goes beyond the testing of you for being a child of loki , but as demigods you will always be part of two worlds . 
 the gods , mortals and monsters will always be interested in what you do and who you are , sometimes you will be praised , other times will you be rewarded and then there are the dark times you will be punished or attacked . 
 this is the life of the children of the gods . '' 
 he answers . 
 `` but how much of everything happens is up to you and the choices you make . '' 
 `` then we will be praised and rewarded often . '' 
 smiles hallthor . 
 `` i believe you will . 
 now speed you along your way demigods . '' 
 smiles njord flipping backwards into the water and disappearing . 
 `` ah to be young and the gods punching bag . '' 
 laughs floggen turning the ship around to head back towards ktn . 
 `` who said that ? '' 
 questions hallthor looking all around the ship for a minute before focusing on the helm . 
 `` oh floggen it was you , i did n't see you there over the helm . '' 
 `` maybe it 's not that i 'm short but instead your head is so far up your ... '' he begins . 
 `` look . '' 
 interrupts kol pointing to the sky . 
 they all look up to see the eagle circling for a landing . 
 after it lands kol enthusiastically presses the button to hear the message . 
 `` sounds like they could really use that help . '' 
 frowns kol . 
 `` we were being tested but it sounds to me like the god after them is playing for keeps . '' 
 `` i 'm surprised that my father has allowed it to go so far , pontos should n't be interfering so much , he does n't have any authority anymore . '' 
 scowls curios . 
 `` i say we send the kraken to help them and stay with them until they get to melos . '' 
 comments hallthor while making faces at floggen . 
 `` what if we need it again though ? '' 
 asks floggen . 
 `` we 'll make due , they do n't have the advantage we do with curios and they have to sail a non-magic ship by themselves . '' 
 answers kol . 
 `` i agree , i will pray to my father and let him know what pontos is doing and i will send the kraken to help them now . '' 
 agrees curios going to rail and jumping over . 
 before he can hit the water a large man appears from nowhere grabbing curios and throwing him back on the deck . 
 evilly the man smiles staring at the demigods in silence for a second until curios growls at the man . 
 `` ares , what do you think you 're doing ? '' 
 swift as light ares has the point of his sword at curios throat but before he can gloat both of hallthor 's hammers hit him one in the chest and one in the head sending him flying into the water . 
 curios tried to rise but immediately hallthor flies into him having been thrown by eris who appeared behind them . 
 swiftly she turns her fury towards kol with a blast of chaos energy gleefully until it sails right through kol and he disappears . 
 suddenly a blast of magic hits her in the back sending her into the water next to ares who has just returned to the surface boiling with wrath . 
 `` i do n't know who you are but no one attacks one of my family . '' 
 kol glows with power of his own lifting his friends to their feet . 
 the two gods shoot out of the water floating above the ship with power glowing and swirling around them . 
 `` i am ares greek god of war ! 
 and this is my sister eris greek goddess of discord ! '' 
 shouts ares . 
 `` prepare to die ! '' 
 kol stands between them and his friends ready for the attack when suddenly floggen yells at the duo surprising everyone . 
 `` ares you dunderheaded fool ! 
 look what you 're doing to my ship ! 
 i always knew you were thick but ca n't you see they were just protecting their friend ? 
 these are norse demigods how the hell were they supposed to know who you are ? '' 
 `` hold your tongue floggen before you too feel my wrath ! '' 
 `` i 'm all shook up , now did you have a reason to be here or are you just defying zeus ' orders for fun , if so a quick prayer and i 'm sure he 'll be here . '' 
 replies floggen coolly . 
 with a glance at eris who looks to the sky fearfully he floats down to the deck with her calmly . 
 `` did you truly not know who i was ? '' 
 ares eyes them suspiciously . 
 `` we did not . '' 
 answers hallthor for kol who is still staring daggers at ares . 
 `` i did lord ares but before i could explain it to the others you had attacked me . '' 
 curios replies flatly . 
 `` be thankful i did n't kill you . '' 
 he snaps looking at curios . 
 `` the reason i came here was to speak with kol . '' 
 `` i 'm listening . '' 
 kol growls . 
 `` i have a proposition for you and your companions , i ask that you send the kraken to vasos but instead of it helping him have it destroy the ship . 
 in return for this favor i will tell you the answer to the riddle and transport you directly to the location of the second quest once you have completed the first . 
 just think of it you could cut the danger your friends face in half , what do you say ? '' 
 kol 's hard look softens as he thinks of how nice it would be to know for sure that his brothers would be in much less danger . 
 after a minute kol gets an evil smile . 
 `` you are generous lord ares and you know how to bargain . 
 i must admit that the thought of my brothers being in less danger is appealing , perhaps you , i and lady eris should speak further in private . '' 
 `` you 're not actually considering this , are you kol ? '' 
 questions hallthor unable to believe what he 's hearing . 
 `` think of it hallthor we 'd be done with the quests quickly and get the admiration of the gods for it , plus you would and curios would be in much less danger . '' 
 `` what about vasos and the other demigods ? '' 
 questions curios . 
 `` what about them we do n't even know them and think about it , in the first message we offer to send them help and what do they offer in return ? 
 to help solve a riddle that 's all , now wait here and relax while i talk with lord ares . '' 
 he answers sharply . 
 without waiting for a response kol turns walking into the captain 's cabin followed by eris and ares who smirks at curios and hallthor . 
 `` i ca n't believe this is happening . '' 
 says curios . 
 `` me either . '' 
 agrees kol standing beside him . 
 `` how many terrible things can happen to us ? '' 
 `` kol ? 
 i thought you ... what 's going on here ? '' 
 `` trick of the light my friends ares and eris are talking with an illusion that is agreeing with them , i would never actually betray vasos and his friends . 
 so i figured that while they are busy we will send the kraken to help the others that way they ca n't interfere and it gives you time to contact your father as well . 
 in the meantime hallthor , you and i have to figure out what we 're going to do about the two all-powerful beings that are going to want us dead when they find out i tricked them . '' 
 chapter 27 `` no , swipe at the eyes ! 
 the eyes ! '' 
 yells sander riding on the back of the crab . 
 with a roar sevrrir protests sander 's yelling as he claws and dodges the pincers of the crab . 
 `` this is n't working ! '' 
 yells vasos from the other side of the deck rolling to dodge another bite from one of the heads of the hydra . 
 `` make it fall in love with you . '' 
 sander yells across the deck while growing vines around the crabs ' eyes . 
 `` i actually tried but that just made things worse ! '' 
 he says jumping backwards . 
 `` why do n't you make that thing drunk so you can get over here and help me . '' 
 `` i tried but that made things worse too ! '' 
 answers sander drinking from his flask . 
 `` this may be the end . '' 
 shouts sevrrir returning to human form and drawing his axe . 
 a new roar conjured from the depths of the ocean explodes from the water as a kraken appears a little ways off . 
 `` you 've got to be kidding me . '' 
 vasos exclaims . 
 surprising the three demigods the kraken grabs the hydra from behind ripping it apart and eating it in a matter of seconds . 
 realizing that it 's next the crab scrambles to the edge of the ship dropping over the railing as quickly as it can only to find the kraken has moved to that side with its jaws open waiting for the crab that is free falling towards it . 
 with a huge snap the crab meets its doom as the demigods watch . 
 `` i hope that thing is on our side . '' 
 sevrrir says staring at the massive creature that watches them for a second before heading to the back of the ship . 
 `` maybe it 's leaving . '' 
 states sander . 
 answering his comment the ship suddenly lurches forward at a speed so fast that the wind blows back their hair . 
 `` do we attack it ? '' 
 asks sevrir unsure what to do . 
 before vasos can answer the eagle lands in front of them , quickly he presses the button to hear the message . 
 `` vasos i 'm sorry that i have no time for formalities but we have a situation here , ares and eris have shown up and we fought them before we knew who they were . 
 once we found out ares asked us to send the kraken to destroy your ship and help finish you off in exchange he 'd help us finish our quests . 
 i created an illusion of myself and lured him into a cabin so we could send the kraken to help you instead ; the kraken will push your ship to melos and help fight any monsters that get in the way . 
 also , curios has contacted his father and informed him of the interference pontos has done , needless to say he was n't happy . 
 good luck vasos , i better get going before ares ... look out ! '' 
 suddenly explosions and fighting can be heard over the recording . 
 `` you dare to make a fool out of the god of war ? 
 you and your friends are dead kol ... screw you ares ! 
 i would never betray vasos and his friends you want to get at them you 'll have to go through us ! '' 
 again the sound is over come with the blasts of power and the crackling of thunder as the demigods fight ares and eris before kol can be heard yelling . 
 `` get to melos as quick as you can vasos , we 'll keep ares here as long as possible ! 
 ... kol watch out ! 
 nooooo ! '' 
 with a beep the message cuts off and for the first time vasos notices that the bird is burnt and scorched in different places . 
 `` we owe them a debt , that was brave of them to take on ares for us . '' 
 sevrrir says gravely . 
 `` they do n't even know us really , for them to have done that was truly ... '' `` stupid ! '' 
 roars vasos finishing the thought for sander . 
 `` what ? '' 
 questions sevrrir shocked at vasos . 
 `` you both heard me , what an idiotic thing to do , taking on two of the olympians . 
 they should have just said whatever ares wanted to hear . '' 
 he snaps . 
 `` oh really is that what you would have done ? 
 taken the coward 's way out ? '' 
 questions sevrrir with a yell . 
 `` yes . '' 
 replies vasos stomping towards the cabin with the others close behind . 
 `` right because that 's totally your style , that 's why this trip has been so smooth . '' 
 chimes in sander . 
 `` shut up drunk . '' 
 spits vasos . 
 `` that 's mr. drunk to you . '' 
 `` listen vasos i know why you 're really mad , sander and i see right through you . '' 
 sighs sevrrir stepping in front of him . 
 `` is that right ? '' 
 he questions balling his fists . 
 `` that 's right , we both know the real reason you 're mad is because you do n't like the fact that others are risking their lives on our account and there 's not a damn thing you can do about it . '' 
 answers sevrrir staring him in the eye . 
 `` plus it makes it even worse for you that it 's ares that they are going up against , the god that swore to attack and kill you is instead attacking and killing them . '' 
 sander adds cheerfully . 
 slumping his shoulders vasos walks back towards the railing . 
 `` they should n't be in danger because of me . '' 
 `` they made the choice to help us for good or ill and for one i 'm thankful they made the choice they did , they were given an impossible decision and made the choice they felt was best . '' 
 consoles sevrrir . 
 `` thanks sevrrir but it 's cold comfort when i 'm still unable to help them . '' 
 `` you 'll get your chance buddy . '' 
 interrupts sander . 
 `` you know that 's if we survive that thing in the water . '' 
 he says pointing at a man rising slowly out of the water directly in front of them . 
 `` what or who is that ? '' 
 questions sevrrir staring at the man . 
 `` someone who is been a thorn in my side for a long time . '' 
 answers poseidon forming from water at the front of the ship . 
 his white and blue hair follow down his back and slightly covers his proud face , he looks young and strong with a ripped body . 
 he 's bare chested but wearing blue pants that are tight against his legs . 
 in his right hand is a sliver trident humming with power and his blue/green eye glow with anger . 
 `` lord poseidon . '' 
 the three say while bowing . 
 `` needless to say my son informed me of pontos treachery , he has interfered on your quest and defied me for the last time , but i have no time for pleasantries , i must engage him in battle . 
 i will lend speed to the kraken so when i attack him you will be away safely , farewell . '' 
 `` lord poseidon wait , you need to know that it was ares that put him up to this and is most likely still fighting your son and his companions as we speak . '' 
 shouts vasos as the god speeds away . 
 stopping in his tracks poseidon turns back to the ship . 
 `` what ?! 
 he will pay !! '' 
 he yells shooting a bolt of power to the heavens . 
 emerging from the sky two bolts of light shot off into the distance as the three demigods watch and wonder what or who it was . 
 when they look back at pontos they can see the two gods ferociously attacking one another before they are engulfed in a storm . 
 the ship is hit with wave after wave of power combined with wind and rain . 
 with a boom the ship triples in speed sailing past the fight , struggling to hold on to the railing the three of them get dizzy as the world flows by in a blur . 
 the ship groans and creeks under the stress falling apart a little at a time until with a boom the ship explodes throwing the three of them onto the shore of melos . 
 `` we made it ! '' 
 yells vasos kissing the ground . 
 `` and look ! '' 
 shouts sevrrir . 
 `` sander did n't spill his wine ! '' 
 `` hey that 's my line . '' 
 frowns sander not sure what to say . 
 `` come on sander i 'm just having fun after all , we 're alive ! '' 
 sander turns towards him to say something but instead points . 
 `` tidal wave ! '' 
 sevrrir instantly changes into a lion picking up vasos and sander as he runs by but as fast as he can go the wave is faster . 
 in a massive swish the wave crushes down on them sweeping them further inland until they are finally deposited into a huge lake . 
 vasos and the others slowly crawl onto the shore panting heavily . 
 `` were alive . '' 
 sander says . 
 `` you 're dead ; nobody trespasses on the island of the arimaspi . '' 
 comes a voice followed by several dozen spears pointed at them . 
 vasos turns to see the one eyed nine foot men of the arimaspi , each one of them is wearing only enough cloth to cover their privates . 
 the only difference is they are covered with different tattoos and the man that spoke is wearing a necklace composed of bones . 
 `` come with us trespassers the queen will decide your fate . '' 
 the main arimaspi says . 
 `` we did n't mean to trespass the gods are fighting in the ocean , they destroyed our ship and the tidal wave marooned us here . '' 
 reasons vasos . 
 `` surely you saw the wave . '' 
 `` we did but that does not mean that you were not the cause of it , queen selene will decide if what you say is true . '' 
 chapter 28 everything was going great ares and eris were busy talking to the fake kol , curios had contacted his father and sent the kraken on the way . 
 kol had even nearly finished recording the message for vasos when everything went wrong . 
 somehow ares had figured out he was talking to a fake kol proving he was n't as stupid as he thought and that kol had to pay hallthor some money for losing the bet . 
 instantly the three of them had to move from the attacks the two gods were firing at them . 
 hallthor summoned lightning attacking the best he could while curios fired energy from his trident and summoned waves of water to continually try and blind them . 
 kol shot energy from his staff and made duplicate illusions of all of them to try and fool them while he tried to get back to the eagle . 
 finally he made it to the recorder and began to finish the message he had to let them know that the kraken was n't their enemy . 
 just as kol was about to press the button he heard hallthor yell to watch out . 
 before he could react to the warning kol is shot by a blast of fire throwing him into the eagle and then over the side of the ship , he struggles to stay conscious but darkness slowly over takes him . 
 the last thing he sees is a beautiful light forming into a person and catching him before he hits the water . 
 hair dark red hair flows backwards as the wind flows through it and her blue eyes are determined and full of confidence . 
 her immense white wings flap furiously as she shots past the ship high into the air . 
 her chiton is pearl white and flowing around her is a blue sash , her feet are bare and her body hour glass shaped . 
 in her right hand is a sword luminous in the sun with a silver blade and golden handle . 
 `` do not worry young demigod i will not let anything further happen to you . '' 
 smiles nike the goddess of victory as she looks into his eyes . 
 `` but the others . '' 
 he manages trying to look at the ship . 
 `` they 'll be fine i assure you , ares is about to have much bigger problems and i 'll handle eris as soon as i can place you safely on the ship . '' 
 just then a ball of light shoots past nike and kol heading to the ship like a meteor , when it reaches the deck the whole ship is encased in power and light for a moment . 
 when the glow fades there is a large man standing in its place . 
 he has black hair that is short and neatly trimmed , he has the muscular body of a weightlifter but it 's perfectly proportionate being not too big and not too small . 
 like many of the other olympian males he has a beard but it is much smaller and trimmed close to his face , he 's wearing a red greek chiton and black sandals . 
 in his right hand is a five foot bronze club studded at the end and wrapped at the handle with red cloth . 
 his appearance stops the fighting all together while everyone waits to hear what he has to say . 
 `` still picking on demigod half-brothers huh ares ? '' 
 questions the man . 
 `` this is none of your business hercules . '' 
 `` on the contraire brother i was ordered here by zeus himself when he found out that you were again defying his orders . 
 now i finally get to lose my anger upon you . 
 for too long you helped hera torment me when i was mortal now is my repayment for your deeds . '' 
 `` you will have to deal with us both brother ! '' 
 sneers eris standing next to ares . 
 `` will i ? '' 
 laughs hercules as nike lands next to him with kol in her arms . 
 `` you will answer to me eris . '' 
 nike states while handing kol off to hallthor and curios . 
 `` delighted to . '' 
 she smiles crating a ball of chaos energy . 
 `` you ca n't defeat us hercules . '' 
 laughs ares walking up and standing face to face with the other god . 
 hercules answers by hitting ares with his club so hard that the other god shoots into the sky like a comet leaving the earth and heading into space . 
 eris tries to attack hercules but she does n't have the time to before nike is on her , with a flashing blade she slashes and cuts eris in several places ending in a kick that send eris flying off the ship . 
 as eris flip over and over through the air nike does n't give her a chance to recover , grabbing onto her ankles she spin around in a circle throwing the other goddess back towards hercules who is waiting with his bat raised . 
 with perfect timing he whacks her with the bat so hard she flies into the sky running into ares who is just returning knocking them both into the ocean far away . 
 `` you need to leave . '' 
 hercules says looking at hallthor . 
 `` ares will keep trying to attack you even with us here . '' 
 `` the ship has brought you very far and ktn is close with the speed of the enchanted ship you should be there within the hour . '' 
 nike says readying her sword as the two gods speed towards them again . 
 before kol and his friends can answer ares is on hercules fighting sword to club , as the two fight they disarm each other continuing to fight hand to hand with ares slowly getting the upper hand . 
 meanwhile nike is holding her own against eris but neither of them can gain the advantage , eris is using discord to make nike 's attacks chaotic while nike uses her power to rob victory from eris . 
 the three demigods want to help but so much power and speed is happening that they ca n't get a clear shot on their enemies . 
 abruptly hercules is hit hard flying backwards and rolling off of the ship into the water . 
 taking the opportunity of a clear shot kol fires a bolt of energy at ares but to his dismay the god retrieves his sword and bats the attack back at him sending kol right through the wall of the ship into the cabin . 
 ares laughs wildly consumed with the bloodlust of battle as he turns towards nike who is still busy fighting eris . 
 grabbing his attention hallthor hits him with a bolt of lightning . 
 standing by his side curios summons a hand made from water out of the ocean grabbing ares but with a roar he destroys it freeing himself in seconds . 
 `` we need to check on kol . '' 
 curios urges . 
 `` i know but right now we have problems of our own . '' 
 hallthor says raising his hammers to defend against ares . 
 `` that is enough !!! '' 
 booms zeus ' voice as he walks out of the damaged cabin carrying kol 's unconscious body in his arms . 
 `` you have defyed me for the last time !!!! '' power flows around his body visibly sparking freely from his skin in all directions , instantly eris yelps disappearing into thin air leaving ares to face the wrath by himself . 
 `` i have the right to justice ! 
 these demigods ... '' `` are on a quest for both olympus and asgard ! '' 
 he finishes for him . 
 `` this will be your last warning ares , should you directly interfere again you will face odin and myself and when we are done you can join the titans in their sentence ! '' 
 `` this is n't over kol ! '' 
 screams ares turning to flame and shooting into the sky disappearing from sight . 
 `` forgive us father , nike and i did our best to stop them ! '' 
 hercules says climbing back onto the ship . 
 `` no forgiveness is necessary lord hercules . '' 
 zeus replies with a wink as his shape shifts until kol is standing there in his place and the other kol turns to light and disappears . 
 stunned for a moment hercules just stares before breaking into a huge laugh that echoes through the air . 
 `` well played young demigod ! '' 
 `` clearly there is more to you kol than meets the eye , ares ' multiple attacks on you would have killed most demigods . '' 
 nike says eyeing him . 
 `` just lucky i guess . '' 
 he smiles wearily . 
 `` nonsense ! '' 
 bellows hercules patting him on the back . 
 `` you three held your own against two full blooded gods , i am very proud of all of you . '' 
 `` you interest me kol , i ca n't put my finger on it but i will keep my eyes on you . '' 
 smiles nike winking at him . 
 elbowing kol in the side playfully hercules whispers in his ear . 
 `` you dog , first hypatia and now nike ? 
 not bad at all you remind me of me when i was a demigod . '' 
 `` hercules , that 's not what i meant . '' 
 she says blushing . 
 `` sure it 's not . '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` but whatever you meant we should go tell zeus what happened before ares finds out about the trick kol played . '' 
 `` make us proud gentlemen . '' 
 nike says proudly pounding her sword against her chest in salute before flying into the sky . 
 `` thank you all for the help you have given my great , great grandson and his friends i appreciate it . 
 now i must join nike , good journey my friends . '' 
 he says disappearing . 
 `` well done kol . '' 
 says floggen crawling out of a hidden compartment where he was hiding . 
 `` heart of a lion huh ? '' 
 asks hallthor . 
 `` do n't judge , i would have fought by your side but i did n't want ares to sense what i stole from him . '' 
 he smiles happily holding up two small metal disks . 
 `` what are those ? '' 
 questions curios . 
 `` the dethian trackers i can find you wherever you are so when you finish on ktn i can pick you up . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` i thought you were only being forced to take us to ktn . '' 
 says hallthor with a mischievous smile . 
 `` i was but i 'm getting kind of used to having you guys around that 's all . '' 
 he answers focusing on the device in his hands . 
 `` so how do they work ? '' 
 questions kol . 
 glad for the subject change floggen looks at kol . 
 `` simple , you press and hold the middle of the device and say show me the way . 
 watch . '' 
 he presses and holds the middle of the device repeating the words and instantly a yellow arrow appears on the disk shooting to the edge and then and few feet in the air to curios who is holding the other disk . 
 `` that 'll come in handy . '' 
 smiles kol grabbing the disk and running his fingers over it . 
 `` thank you floggen for getting it and for agreeing to help us along our journey . '' 
 `` you are most welcome . '' 
 he grins heading back towards the helm . 
 `` you 're not ! '' 
 he says shoving hallthor along the way . 
 `` keep walking tuff guy . '' 
 hallthor snaps . 
 `` everything considered things could be worse . '' 
 states curios staring at the damage done to the ship . 
 `` it could have been . '' 
 agrees hallthor staring at kol who is looking to the horizon . 
 `` what troubles you kol ? '' 
 `` i worry , yes we survived ares and eris but the fact that they 're gone means they are free to torment vasos . 
 i just hope they 're doing ok . '' 
 `` i 'm sure they are kol , when the eagle gets back you 'll hear that i 'm right . 
 now let 's get some rest we 'll be at ktn in an hour and we still have to figure out the riddle . '' 
 says curios patting him on the shoulder . 
 chapter 29 `` maybe this is a good thing . '' 
 says sander swinging back and forth as he hangs from the pole they 're going to cook him on . 
 `` oh definitely , just look on the bright side we 've been invited to dinner and as a bonus they do n't even have to marinade you with the amount of alcohol you 've drank . '' 
 sevrrir says sarcastically . 
 `` now hang on your death stick and shut up . '' 
 `` i swear every time we get in a situation where we are facing impending death you get grouchy . '' 
 sander replies shaking his head in disappointment . 
 `` shut up , shut up , shut up ! 
 drink your wine or something ! '' 
 yells sevrrir . 
 `` i would if i could but they took my flask , my precious life giving flask ! 
 of all the tortures on heaven or earth why ?! 
 come to me flask ! 
 come to me ! '' 
 sobs sander . 
 `` i was thinking the same thing , why am i being tortured by having to listen to you two quibble like an old married couple , now both of you shut up so i can go back to sleep this rocking back and forth is great . '' 
 snaps vasos . 
 `` silence you godless dogs ! '' 
 yells the captain of the guards leveling his spear at vasos . 
 `` hey watch it with the name calling pal , there 's no need for foul language . '' 
 retorts sevrrir . 
 `` yeah he 's a pussy cat , calling him a dog is like calling me ... sober . '' 
 sander chimes in . 
 `` i said silence ! '' 
 he yells again hitting vasos in the face with the butt of his spear . 
 `` touch me again and i 'll kill you ! '' 
 growls vasos losing his temper for the moment . 
 `` are you sure about this plan to let them capture us vasos ? 
 they do n't seem to be in the spirit of things . '' 
 inquires sevrrir staring at the guard and then his bonds . 
 `` i 'm sure my friend , this is the best way to handle things , i 'm not looking to get in a fight here if we do n't have to , no matter how tempting they make it . '' 
 he replies calmly . 
 `` if you say so . '' 
 sevrrir mutters . 
 `` if we ever need to escape we know we can and that 's what matters . '' 
 as the group enters the small village they are amazed at how well built and organized it is . 
 each house is well built from wood and brick with a main road leading up to a small castle that is stone and metal gleaming with power all its own . 
 painted on every wall are designs of people and places that vasos does n't recognize , they are familiar but he ca n't quite place them . 
 around the city itself is a giant wall ten feet high and three feet wide , walking back and forth across the top of the wall are men dressed in white robes and carrying staffs . 
 `` magicians . '' 
 notices sander . 
 `` hecate followers ? '' 
 muses vasos . 
 `` who knows they could be following any number of gods or goddesses . '' 
 adds sevrrir . 
 `` guess we 'll find out soon enough . '' 
 considers vasos as they place them up right and facing the front of the castle doors . 
 a man standing nearby speaks to the captain in a strange language for a moment and then heads to a gong hitting it as hard as he can . 
 the sound reverberates through the village for a moment as everyone drops to their knees in reverence . 
 finally the double doors swing open reveling a young beautiful woman sitting on a lectus chair carried by four large men . 
 her pure black eyes look mildly amused at the sight of the three men tied to the poles , her lips are ruby red and inviting as she smiles slightly . 
 her vibrant blonde hair is braded perfectly interwoven with silver and so long it reaches her ankles . 
 her clothes are strange to vasos , she 's wearing a pure white skirt and a matching top that leaves her arms exposed but is tight against her breasts . 
 overlaying her top is a large gold chest piece that has bird and snake designs on it . 
 adorning her arms are matching gold armlets that are beautiful . 
 `` who are these men adofo ? '' 
 she questions the captain in a soft sweet voice . 
 `` these three men were found in the lake after the great wave we saw from the village , they claim to not be responsible for it . '' 
 `` hmm speak strangers and explain how you came to be in our lake . '' 
 she calmly demands . 
 `` great queen , we are traveling to rhodes by order of the gods . 
 during our journey two sea gods began to fight , their powers caused the sea to rise up destroy our ship and deposit us in your lake . '' 
 answers vasos . 
 after he finishes selene closes her eyes for a long time as if listening to the wind . 
 finally she opens her eyes focusing on vasos . 
 `` the goddess tells me that there is more to your story then you have let on , i will give you one more chance to tell me everything but if you dare hold anything back again my men will feast upon you tonight . '' 
 staring at her for a moment vasos takes the chance instead of fighting . 
 `` i am vasos son of aphrodite , to my left is sevrrir son of heimdall and to the right is sander son of dionysus . 
 as i said we have been sent on two quests the first of which takes us to rhodes . 
 we had planned to stop here in any case to resupply and search for you great queen , along our travels we stopped in argos and overthrew the evil relious and by order of the gods temenos took the throne . 
 king temenos asked us to find you when we stopped here and if we did ask you to return to the kingdom to rule by his side if you choose but the choice must be yours . '' 
 again selene closes her eyes for a bit before answering . 
 `` a strange development , i do not know why the goddess has kept this from me until now but it is not for me to question . 
 adofo , take a hunting party into the forest and kill what you find . 
 tonight we will honor our guests as is our custom when a guest of honor arrives , now cut them loose . '' 
 the captain obeys without hesitation eyeing the three of them as he hands them back their things . 
 `` now if you would follow me gentlemen there is much we have to discuss . '' 
 demands the queen as she heads back into the castle . 
 silently the three of them follow her into the lavishly decorated place , all manner of comforts are provided and the moment they enter they can feel the power of the place . 
 without a doubt vasos knows there is a great power invisibly watching them all . 
 `` may i ask which goddess it is you serve ? '' 
 turning around she answers . 
 `` she has forbidden you to know until the time is right . '' 
 `` any idea when that might be ? '' 
 asks sevrrir clearly annoyed . 
 `` she will decide to revel it to vasos when the time right . '' 
 she states . 
 `` wonderful . '' 
 says sander . 
 `` how is that wonderful ? '' 
 questions sevrrir . 
 `` not the answer , my wine ! '' 
 he answers taking a drink of his flask . 
 `` you are awfully quiet vasos have you nothing to ask me ? '' 
 selene asks . 
 `` i will ask you questions when the time is right queen selene . '' 
 he answers . 
 after another minute the group enters a large chamber filled with giant pillow chairs surrounding a marble table . 
 as she gingerly steps out of her lectus she seats herself at the head of the table . 
 `` please join me , dinner will be along shortly . '' 
 reluctantly the three of them sit at the table in silence . 
 `` now vasos what is it that you would have of me ? '' 
 she asks somberly . 
 `` i would ask that you aid us in the next leg of our journey by providing a ship if you have one and if not allow us to fashion one from materials you have here on the island . 
 also i would ask if you have decided to stay here or return to argos . '' 
 he answers with a slight bow . 
 `` it is the will of the goddess i must follow ; when first i was sent from my home our ship was attacked . 
 i prayed to the gods but they did not smite my enemies and as the ship sank death was close so i prayed one final time , only one goddess answered and from that day on i pledged my life to her . '' 
 `` and what does the goddess tell you now ? '' 
 questions sevrrir . 
 `` she has told me that i will help you build a fine ship for the journey and supply it , also i will return to argos and marry temenos if he will have me . 
 she told me that i must return to hera and zeus ' sight and let them know what she has done for me . '' 
 `` that 's great ! '' 
 slurs sander . 
 `` there is a catch . '' 
 she grins . 
 `` there always is . '' 
 sighs vasos . 
 `` let 's hear it . '' 
 `` the goddess has said that all this will be done if you grant her a favor in return to be used and called upon whenever she chooses . '' 
 `` that 's not good . '' 
 chimes in sevrrir . 
 `` i 'm wondering what happens if we refuse to give the favor . '' 
 vasos states with an eyebrow raised . 
 `` if you refuse i will stay here and you will receive no help from us what so ever , you will not be allowed to use anything here or take any food or water of ours . 
 you will not be held prisoner but you may not stay here either you will be given one day to leave and never return . '' 
 she responds . 
 `` i see and when will she demand this favor be fulfilled ? '' 
 questions vasos . 
 `` she has said you will not be called upon until after you have completed the two quests that you 're on . '' 
 `` then you must give me time to decide and confer with my comrade '' answers vasos . 
 `` we 'll agree wo n't we sevrrir ? '' 
 `` it is n't us that vasos wishes to confer with sander . '' 
 he replies . 
 `` it will be called upon after these two quests are finished , remember that after these two quests are finished it will be he and kol on two others . '' 
 `` my friend speaks the truth , if it were just up to me i would agree but kol has already been placed in danger on my account . 
 if i am to approve , it will only be with him agreeing . '' 
 `` what makes you think you would be in danger ? '' 
 she questions innocently . 
 `` anytime one of the gods wants a favor it does n't bode well for the person involved in my experience . '' 
 he answers . 
 `` and how do you plan to contact kol ? '' 
 `` there was a golden bird with us on our ship it must be on your island somewhere if you would allow us to find it i will get his answer quickly . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` my men have already found the bird and brought it back to the castle , i will have it brought here immediately . '' 
 with a wave of her hand a servant runs off and minutes later returns carrying the banged up automaton . 
 `` thank you your majesty . '' 
 thanks vasos taking the bird and sitting it on the table in front of him . 
 `` would you like me to leave ? '' 
 she questions kindly . 
 `` that is not necessary your majesty . '' 
 he responds happily pressing the button . 
 `` kol , i hope this message finds you alive and well , we are worried that you may have been injured . 
 i 'm counting on you being as tough as i think you are . 
 if you are okay i need you to respond to this message as soon as possible , with the help you sent we survived another attack and informed poseidon of ares ' treachery . 
 we made it to melos but lost our ship and supplies in the process once here we found queen selene whom we were asked to look for along our way , turns out that she is beholden to a goddess . 
 in exchange for providing us with a new ship and supplies as well as returning to argos to marry the king who sent us , she has been told that i must owe a favor to her goddess to be called upon whenever and wherever she pleases . 
 she will not say which goddess she is tied to but she has assured us that it will not be called upon until we finish the first two quests . 
 that being the case it will be just the two of us but i do n't want you to be put in anymore danger on my part so if you do n't want me to say yes i wo n't . 
 if we choose to say no they will give us one day to leave their island , whatever you choose i will honor that decision . '' 
 he finishes pressing the button again . 
 as they watch the bird heads out of the nearest window and then shoots into the sky . 
 `` while we wait you will be our honored guests please enjoy the food and take your fill of rest . '' 
 smiles selene . 
 chapter 30 `` will you come ashore with us floggen ? '' 
 questions curios . 
 `` i 'd love to drink you under the table . '' 
 `` how would you know the difference curios when he walks up he 'll already be under the table . '' 
 snickers hallthor . 
 `` bite me . '' 
 snaps floggen . 
 `` not on your best day . '' 
 he says jumping over the side of the ship onto the ground heading towards the small village . 
 `` i 'd love to come and have a drink a little later curios , but now that the ship has repaired itself i want to get some sleep before anything else . '' 
 `` yeah sleep sounds good , i still feel a little strange from the fight . 
 before i do anything else i need to crash for a bit . '' 
 says kol yawning . 
 `` you look pale kol you should get some food before you crash . '' 
 says curios . 
 `` i say you forget about the feeling strange thing kol , the problem is that you 've have little to no food or sleep in who knows how long . 
 you ca n't keep running yourself ragged like this . '' 
 floggen says sternly . 
 `` in fact curios , why do n't you head out and catch up with hallthor i have a drink that will make kol feel right as rain in no time . '' 
 with a frown curios takes one last look at kol . 
 `` alright i 'll see you guys in just a bit . '' 
 floggen watches curios run off into the streets before turning back to kol , with some effort he lifts kol to his feet and leads him to his cabin . 
 after looking around in all of his drawers and cabinets floggen finally pulls out a giant vial of green liquid with gold flakes floating in it . 
 weakly kol takes the vial downing the whole thing in one swallow . 
 a slight glow surrounds kol for a second returning the color to his face and making him feel better than he ever has . 
 `` what was that stuff ? '' 
 `` hair of the dog that bit ya . '' 
 laughs floggen . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` truthfully kid i do n't know exactly , it was given to me by a goddess . 
 she told me that when it was needed the most i should use it , after the beating you took from the gods and your lack of food , water and sleep i figured now was the time . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` floggen you should have saved that for when you needed it the most . '' 
 chides kol . 
 `` not to worry kol , i 'll be fine without it now why do n't you meet the others they were pretty worried about you , i 'll be along in an hour or two after i get some rest . '' 
 he says walking him to the door ushering him out . 
 `` get some rest floggen you 'll need it to try and drink with us . '' 
 smiles kol running to the edge of the ship and flipping off to the ground below . 
 floggen closes the door with a sigh . 
 `` how did it go floggen does he suspect anything ? '' 
 a voice whispers in the shadows . 
 `` i 'm sure he is beginning to wonder but he does n't know anything yet . '' 
 floggen answers . 
 `` good , we have to keep him from learning the truth otherwise the entire alliance between the norse and the greek gods could be destroyed . '' 
 the voice whispers again . 
 `` i will stay by him and keep the other gods from learning the truth for as long as i can . '' 
 he bows . 
 `` you do your people great credit floggen it is a shame that they did not wish to be our allies after the war ended . '' 
 `` they may yet come around with the impending danger that rises . '' 
 `` we can only hope my friend , until next time . '' 
 flopping down on his bed floggen holds the bridge of his nose exhaling a giant breath . 
 `` so much rides on kol and vasos , if this gambit does n't work i fear that more than just the an alliance will be in jeopardy , if they ca n't overcome the obstacles ahead then all the demigods of the prophecy will fail to save the world . '' 
 he says to himself . 
 curios had already had three beers and was n't planning on stopping anytime soon , as a matter of pride hallthor was keeping up with him but kol really did n't feel like drinking so he just sat enjoying his friends company . 
 `` so what 's the plan from here kol ? '' 
 `` we keep heading south . 
 i guess our next stop will be dyvlin after we 've searched ktn of course . 
 hopefully we can figure out that riddle soon , i 'd hate to sail on and on searching every place we come across . '' 
 he says with frown . 
 `` do n't worry we 'll figure it out . '' 
 says curios . 
 `` not with my help of course because i do n't know any of these lands . '' 
 `` i know where we have to go . '' 
 slurs hallthor , downing his tenth beer . 
 `` is that right ? '' 
 questions kol humoring him . 
 `` yeah it 's simple , we 've got to go to noi . '' 
 he laughs falling out of his chair . 
 `` why 's that ? '' 
 `` think about it the riddle says head to a land that faces the land and the sea , half of noi faces land the other half the sea . '' 
 he hiccups . 
 `` a lot of places face water and land not just noi , but good try hallthor . '' 
 `` shhh . '' 
 he says putting his finger on kol 's lips . 
 `` i 'm not done , then the riddle says if you feel the water on you face one direction will there be , one whole side of noi is facing water . '' 
 suddenly interested kol eyes him carefully . 
 `` and the last part ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` the riddle hallthor the last part of the riddle . '' 
 he says insistently . 
 `` listen close and hear the bark of the color yellow/green , noi faces the bay of biscay , bay is another word for bark and biscay green is a yellow green color . '' 
 he laughs passing out on the table . 
 kol just stares at hallthor 's snoring body . 
 `` it fits , i ca n't believe it fits . '' 
 `` really ? 
 i thought that was all drunk talk . '' 
 slurs curios . 
 `` so did i at first but noi does make sense as the destination , it 's the only one that fits everything . '' 
 `` that 's great we 'll capture the little boy and be on our way to the second feast in no time , we just have to say hi to the pig and bury the tub . '' 
 curios smiles before passing out himself . 
 `` was i sleeping that long ? '' 
 questions floggen laughing as he walks up . 
 `` no , last time we drank they were able to handle it a lot better . 
 i think the lack of sleep played a big part , good news though hallthor figured out the riddle . '' 
 looking surprised floggen looks at hallthor 's snoring face . 
 `` i do n't believe it . '' 
 `` neither did i at first , hallthor said he was terrible at riddles he was given another one that he had n't figured out for years or something . '' 
 `` what riddle ? '' 
 `` it goes , in the land where the red wind blows and stones are made to point at the sky , there is a hall with ages past flowing right by your eye . 
 digging down is the way to find the first king who 's dressed in rags where it will be , but you better move once you have it post haste or no more days you shall see . '' 
 kol says repeating the riddle . 
 floggen 's eye go so wide that kol feels like he 's going to fall into them . 
 `` forget that riddle and everything to do with it . '' 
 `` you know where the armor is hidden do n't you ? '' 
 `` no , i just think that you have more important things to worry about right now . '' 
 floggen says composing himself . 
 `` i do n't believe you floggen , why wo n't you say ? 
 where is this place and what 's the danger ? '' 
 kol questions anxiously . 
 `` i ... do n't know . '' 
 he says getting lost in his drink . 
 just then the golden eagle flies into the bar landing on their table and drawing everyone 's attention . 
 `` hey what the hell is that thing ? '' 
 questions another patron walking up to the table poking the bird in the head . 
 `` go away . '' 
 kol says slapping his hand away from the bird . 
 `` or what ? '' 
 he asks pushing kol from behind as five other men stand up to back up the first drunk . 
 `` or you 'll deal with me . '' 
 floggen says standing on the table . 
 everyone begins laughing at him . 
 `` real scary , short stuff . '' 
 he says going to push floggen off the table . 
 floggen smiles grabbing the man 's arm and breaking it in one move before kicking him in the face . 
 quickly he jumps off the table landing on the man 's chest breaking several of his ribs . 
 `` so who 's next ? '' 
 he grins , waiting for the next attack . 
 `` kol get the guys , the bird and get out of here i 'll be done in a minute . '' 
 `` but ... '' `` get lost ! 
 i do n't want to be worrying ` bout you while i 'm having my fun . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 sighs kol using his magic to lift his two friends and the eagle heading up to their room . 
 settling the other two on their beds , kol sets the bird down on a dresser and settles in to hear the message . 
 after listening to the message kol sighs pacing back and forth in the room . 
 `` what will you choose ? '' 
 kol turns to see floggen sitting on the edge of a bed painting hallthor 's face . 
 `` i have n't decided , what would you do ? '' 
 `` i would n't be on these quests in the first place . '' 
 he replies flatly . 
 `` if i were though i would have to weigh how much i trust vasos and take into consideration the fact that you have no idea which goddess it is . '' 
 `` does it matter which one ? '' 
 `` i think it does , what if it 's eris ? '' 
 `` good point but i ca n't let vasos and his friends go through more trails simply because i was afraid . '' 
 sighs kol . 
 `` then i guess we 'll just have to wait and see what happens after you say yes . '' 
 pressing the button kol clears his throat . 
 `` vasos , i support you and your friends , i would not have your quest made more difficult because of the unknown , when this favor is called we will handle together whatever it may be . 
 as such , i hereby pledge to this goddess that if you agree to her terms i have an equal share in the favor that 's owed . 
 we 're brothers in arms vasos and i will not have you face things alone . 
 also , i 'm glad that our help found you in time and was of some use . 
 our thanks to you as well for notifying poseidon about ares , he sent hercules and nike to our aid . 
 we arrived safely at ktn and have figured out the riddle and finally have a course heading , in the morning we will leave again on our journey to noi and our first quest . 
 if there 's anything else we can do for you just let us know , i 'll wait for your reply on what happened after we agree to the terms , good luck . '' 
 `` you 're a brave man kol . '' 
 `` thanks floggen . '' 
 `` that or really stupid , guess we 'll find out which . '' 
 `` i guess we will . '' 
 laughs kol heading over to his bed . 
 `` sorry floggen but i 'm not up for drinking tonight , i 'm going to relax and think about some things before we head back out tomorrow . '' 
 `` no problem kol , i 'm actually going to head back to the ship and sail out to do some fishing , i 'll see you guys in the morning . '' 
 he says heading out of the room . 
 floggen enters the cabin of his ship slamming the door behind him . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 closing his eyes floggen prays for a moment . 
 `` we need to talk . '' 
 again a voice whispers from the shadows . 
 `` what has you so agitated floggen ? '' 
 `` someone has given one of kol 's allies a riddle that if solved would lead them to the place he was raised , if that happens before the time is right it could be disastrous . 
 i encouraged him to forget it but that only sparked his curiosity even more . '' 
 `` he had to find out sooner or later . '' 
 `` but if he finds out now so will the gods and if that happens it will be the beginning of the end . '' 
 `` we do not know that for sure i have faith that kol will be a force for good and salvation in this world unlike his father . '' 
 `` your feelings concerning the boy are bias . '' 
 floggen grunts . 
 `` of course they are . '' 
 laughs the voice . 
 `` but none the less he has proven thus far that i have been right concerning him . '' 
 `` do n't think that i do not have faith in him that is not what i meant at all . 
 i have great faith in the boy and his companions . '' 
 `` ahhh i see now , you are starting to care for them . '' 
 `` do n't be ridiculous my concern is for my people and the rest of the world . 
 that is the only reason i have any interest in this at all . '' 
 he snaps . 
 `` then you would n't mind if i make things a little more interesting for them during the next leg of their journey ? '' 
 asks the voice . 
 `` well actually ... since they will be on my ship i 'd prefer if you did n't . '' 
 he says looking away . 
 `` i see . 
 so be it , but i 'm not the one you or they have to worry about . '' 
 `` i know and i can only block the vision of the others for so long , i can feel them searching for kol and vasos as we speak and if she finds them you and the gods will not be able to help them . '' 
 grimaces floggen . 
 `` i know . 
 we must make sure that does n't happen . '' 
 `` what would you have me do ? '' 
 chapter 31 vasos had n't slept that well in a long time , as he put his clothes on he could n't help but wonder if the bed was just that comfortable or if there was some magic in the place . 
 `` i trust you slept well my lord ? '' 
 questions a young lady entering the room with a tray of food . 
 `` i did thank you . '' 
 `` i am glad , is there anything else i could do for you ? '' 
 she questions beginning to pull off her shirt . 
 `` helsa told me you have quite the appetite . '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 he smiles beginning to kiss her until the eagle flies into his window landing on the edge of the bed . 
 `` is there a problem my lord ? '' 
 questions the girl pulling off her shirt completely . 
 `` business before pleasure . '' 
 he says getting up while putting his clothes back on . 
 `` sometimes you can have both . '' 
 she smiles before lunging at him with a knife she had concealed . 
 `` goodbye from eris you demigod slime . '' 
 with a sigh vasos grabs her arm flipping her into the floor and then kicking the knife forcing it to skid into the door . 
 `` pathetic , slow and weak , clearly eris trained you herself . '' 
 he says dragging her out of the room towards the dining hall . 
 kicking open the door vasos finds sevrrir and sander are already there with the queen patiently waiting for him . 
 shooting to her feet the queen calls for the guards at the sight of vasos dragging in the servant girl . 
 `` what 's the meaning of this ? 
 i welcome you into my home and this is how you repay me by attacking my servant ? '' 
 sander sits leisurely watching while sevrrir pulls out his axe and is ready to fight . 
 `` your goddess sent this girl to my room to kill me or was it you majesty ? 
 either way , you can tell eris that it will take more than a pretty face to end me . '' 
 he says dropping the girl on the floor and pulling his weapon . 
 `` i do not serve eris nor do any that follow my rule ! '' 
 she yells pulling her sword as the guards surround them . 
 a magical forceful voice fills the room her voice is beautiful but has a tinge of anger to it . 
 `` vasos speaks the truth , this harlot has indeed pledged herself to eris . 
 she has given what secrets she knew to the goddess , our plans are now in danger have you made your choice vasos ? '' 
 the guards quickly take the servant away to be punished while vasos walks to the middle of the room . 
 `` i was about to listen to the message my comrade sent before i was attacked , if you would allow me my lady i will retrieve it and make the decision now . '' 
 `` your device is here . '' 
 replies the goddess as the eagle appears on the table . 
 without another word vasos walks up pressing the button , a hush falls over everyone as they listen to the message . 
 `` kol and myself agree to your terms , now may i know whom it is we are indebted to ? '' 
 he questions . 
 `` now is not the time young hero . 
 eris is sending monsters to attack you here and i must prepare to destroy them , you will find a ship is ready and fully supplied . 
 the ship will sail itself all you need do is stand at the helm and speak your destination , i will send selene on a ship to argos as we agreed . '' 
 before vasos can reply he and his friends find themselves on the deck of a ship standing at the helm with the eagle next to them . 
 on the horizon speeding towards the island are dozens of creatures . 
 `` let 's go , ship take us to thera . '' 
 suddenly the ship lunges forward so fast it tosses all three of them backwards into the railing . 
 sander counters the speed by growing vines around each of them pulling them back to the helm . 
 as they watch a tunnel opens up swallowing the entire ship , they ca n't believe their eyes , above them is a swirling storm of red and black clouds and the ship is riding on a river of green and blue water . 
 monsters and creatures they have never seen before appear on the land stretching out either way but disappear just as quickly . 
 then in a matter of seconds as quickly as the journey began it ends with the ship being shot out of the strange tunnel into the surface of the ocean . 
 `` what in hades was that ? '' 
 questions vasos . 
 `` i 've never seen anything like that in the norse lands . '' 
 says sevrrir . 
 `` i 've never seen anything like this before in the greek lands . '' 
 chimes in sander . 
 `` like you 'd have been awake to see it if something happened . '' 
 mutters sevrrir . 
 `` look ! '' 
 exclaims vasos . 
 before them is a small island coming into view . 
 `` that ca n't be thera can it ? '' 
 questions sevrrir . 
 `` i do n't know , look there 's another ship let 's ask them . 
 take us to the other ship . '' 
 he says . 
 quickly the ship sails to side of the other one gliding softly . 
 `` hello there . '' 
 vasos yells to a man fishing restfully . 
 `` we got caught in a storm and lost our bearings could you tell us what island that is ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 the man yells back . 
 `` you are at the island of thera , we have a good deal of shops if you are in need of supplies . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe it , the thing brought us to thera in a matter of seconds ! '' 
 exclaims sander . 
 `` whoever that goddess is she really wants you to finish these quests . '' 
 `` that 's not necessarily a good thing , if anything it promises big trouble for you later if you ask me . '' 
 interjects sevrrir solemnly . 
 `` maybe it will be but that 's a problem for future vasos to deal with . '' 
 vasos replies . 
 `` in the meantime let 's send a message to kol letting him know what happened . '' 
 walking over to the eagle and pressing the button vasos sits in front of the machine to record his message . 
 `` i 'm glad to hear that you figured out the riddle and have a destination finally , as for what happened at selene 's castle . 
 well you and i are indebted to a secret goddess , yay for us ! 
 hopefully it does n't come back to bite us later but even if it does thank you for backing me up on it . 
 thanks to our agreement my men and i have an enchanted ship now that is able to travel great distances in seconds by taking us through some weird tunnel none of us have seen or heard about before , in any case though we will be able to get to rhodes in no time flat . 
 so it seems that our first quest is finally here , good luck and be careful kol . 
 watch yourself because nobody 's allowed to kick your butt except me . '' 
 vasos finishes pressing the button with a smile . 
 `` inspiring . '' 
 sander says toasting the air . 
 `` i always love your little speeches they remind me of a simpler time . '' 
 `` i thought so . '' 
 smiles vasos pushing him over as he takes a drink . 
 `` one last order to the ship and the real danger begins . '' 
 sevrrir says solemnly . 
 `` then we should get going everything feels like it 's beginning to get stagnant . '' 
 sander says sarcastically . 
 `` i agree . '' 
 smiles vasos walking to the helm . 
 `` i was being sarcastic . '' 
 `` so was i. '' he laughs . 
 `` am i the only one who 's taking this seriously ? '' 
 questions sevrrir crossing his arms . 
 sander and vasos look at each and then answer in unison . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` just making sure . '' 
 he mutters . 
 `` ok ship , take us to rhodes . '' 
 smiles vasos . 
 again the strange tunnel appears engulfing the ship showing them another glimpse of everything they saw before . 
 vasos takes a mental picture of everything as it passes by before the tunnel opens up to the ocean again depositing them with the island of rhodes in the distance . 
 `` here we are . '' 
 sevrrir says solemnly . 
 sander yawns pointing in the direction of a ship that is heading straight at them . 
 `` and here they come . '' 
 chapter 32 the smell of the sea air was just what kol needed to wake him up and make him fill invigorated ; hallthor and curios were n't feeling the same though . 
 every ten feet the two of them would stop to throw up a little bit . 
 finally after ten minutes they reached the dock but there was no sign of the ship anywhere . 
 `` are you sure this is the right spot ? '' 
 questions kol . 
 curios pulls out the disk again just to be sure . 
 `` show me the way . '' 
 the yellow arrow forms shooting to the dock right in front of them . 
 `` it 's saying the same thing as before , it should be right in front of us . '' 
 replies curios heaving a little . 
 `` i do n't get it , maybe he 's just really distant and we just ca n't see the ship . '' 
 wonders hallthor with a tone of concern entering his voice . 
 `` wait something is appearing on the sea i can feel it . '' 
 says curios looking back out over the ocean . 
 the others turn to see the same tunnel vasos and his crew saw appear depositing the ship and then disappear . 
 `` i wonder . '' 
 muses kol . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i wonder if that is the tunnel vasos was talking about in his message , if it is this goddess seems intent on helping our two groups finish these quests quickly , the question remains who is she ? '' 
 answers kol watching the ship pull into the dock and lower the plank for them to board . 
 `` maybe floggen will have the answer . '' 
 states curios heading up the plank . 
 `` we 'll find out . '' 
 says hallthor stomping up the plank . 
 as they jump on the deck of the ship floggen walks up to them with a huge smile . 
 `` good morning my friends , how is everyone feeling this morning ? '' 
 he says eyeing curios and hallthor . 
 `` and where the hell were you exactly ? '' 
 demands hallthor . 
 `` what ? 
 were you worried about me ? '' 
 smiles floggen . 
 `` not at all . '' 
 huffs hallthor turning his back on him . 
 `` we all were worried floggen . '' 
 corrects kol . 
 `` and we 're glad you are ok , that being said i was wondering what that tunnel thing was about that we saw the ship come out of . '' 
 `` the most amazing thing happened when i got back here last night , a strange voice spoke to me from the shadows . 
 it told me that she has watched over you since you were young and that your and vasos ' quests are very important and you must get to your destinations as quickly as possible , i was told that all i had to do from now on is stand at the helm and tell the ship where i want to go and in seconds it will take us there . 
 i tried it and this strange tunnel appeared taking me all the way to argos in seconds , i was so happy i went to a bar to celebrate . 
 i fell asleep and woke up just a few minutes ago , i rushed back to the ship and came here as quickly as possible . '' 
 `` so it is the same tunnel vasos told me of , but if this goddess watched over me when i was growing up then she must be an asgardian all we have to do is figure it out . '' 
 `` that 's all very well and good but we still need a destination . '' 
 sighs hallthor . 
 everyone just stares at him for a second before laughing hysterically . 
 `` what ? 
 what 's so funny ? '' 
 `` the fact that you figured it out last night hallthor . '' 
 laughs kol . 
 `` i what ? 
 i could n't have . '' 
 `` apparently one of the powers you did n't know of is that alcohol deceptively increases your intelligence and allows you to figure things out , now all we have to do is get you drunk and ask you if you like men or women and then we can help you find your soul mate at last ! '' 
 `` i do n't need to do that floggen because you are my soul mate ! '' 
 he yells running towards him for a hug . 
 `` dum , dum , dum . 
 the plot thickens . '' 
 curios says squinting his eyes and looking from side to side . 
 `` i agree this is really dumb , dumb , dumb . '' 
 giggles kol keeping hallthor and floggen from strangling each other . 
 `` come on you two let 's get moving , floggen if you would be so kind ? 
 curios when we enter this tunnel thing do me a favor and try to control the water there if there is any , hallthor get your hammers ready just in case . 
 anything comes close and i want you to take it out . 
 i 'll stand in the crow 's nest and use my magic to protect us as well , now if everyone is ready let 's get to the adventure . '' 
 everyone heads to their positions eager to see what the tunnel looks like all except floggen who is frowning for a moment before he notices kol looking at him . 
 quickly he changes his look showing a giant grin . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 questions kol eyeing him . 
 `` i 'm fine , i think i had a little too much to drink that 's all . '' 
 he says staring at the ocean as he pulls away from the dock and heading out to the open sea . 
 `` take us to noi . '' 
 the tunnel appears sucking them into the vortex , the same scenes pass before their eyes for a moment as they watch but during this trip kol notices a pair of green eyes following them and keeping perfect pace . 
 kol turns towards the eyes raising his staff in a challenge to them daring for an attack but they do nothing except watch , abruptly the journey ends shooting them onto the top of the ocean water with land in sight . 
 `` that was one hell of a ride . '' 
 curios hollers breaking the silence . 
 `` were you able to control the water ? '' 
 questions kol intently . 
 curios frowns . 
 `` no , i tried hard but it would n't respond to my powers . '' 
 `` nothing tried to attack during the trip either . '' 
 hallthor adds . 
 `` a pair of eyes were following us the whole trip . '' 
 kol says gravely . 
 `` what ? '' 
 questions floggen quickly . 
 `` what did they look like ? '' 
 thinking about it for a second kol answers . 
 `` huge , green and intense . '' 
 `` hmm , that did n't transpire the last time i went through . '' 
 ponders floggen . 
 `` are you sure , maybe you just had n't noticed them ? '' 
 reflects curios . 
 `` maybe your right , but who would be interested in following our trip through the tunnel ? '' 
 `` whatever goddess that watched me and i owe a favor to now most likely either way whomever it was they did n't attack us . '' 
 answers kol . 
 `` we should send a message to vasos and warn him to keep a look out for those eyes just in case though . '' 
 proposes hallthor . 
 `` good idea . '' 
 agrees kol walking over to the eagle . 
 `` vasos something strange happened to us , the ship and the tunnel you spoke of is amazing . 
 the incredibly strange thing is that last night a voice came to the captain of our ship and told him that our ship was being enchanted to travel faster . 
 it turns out this was accomplished by our ship heading through a tunnel , inside the tunnel were red and black storm clouds and the water was blue and green , we saw strange creatures and people but none of them attacked us . 
 however there was a strange pair of intense green eyes following us the whole trip , did something like that happen to you during your journey at all ? 
 as for us , we are now at noi about to start the first quest , good luck to you as well on your quest my friend , oh and before i forget you 're dreaming if you think you could take me down buddy and while you 're out there do n't let them beat up on you too much . 
 i do n't want you to have any excuses when i take you down . '' 
 laughs kol hitting the button . 
 `` we 'll be close enough for you to use the row boats in about two minutes . '' 
 announces floggen . 
 `` good , now let 's go find us a god . '' 
 chapter 33 the ship had n't reached them yet but already vasos and the others could see that the crew was a hodgepodge of trouble . 
 from what they could tell there were five cyclopes , a dozen telekhines -lrb- the dog face seal men -rrb- and three harpies . 
 `` well gentlemen this is where i get off . '' 
 says vasos heading to the side of the ship . 
 `` what ? '' 
 questions sevrrir a gas . 
 `` oh yeah did i forget to mention that the plan was for us to keep chrysaor 's pirates busy while he fights the man himself . '' 
 says sander pulling out his flask . 
 `` how do we know that those are his men ? '' 
 questions sevrrir . 
 `` you 're right , i 'm sure he just lets roving bands of monsters sail around the waters he calls home . '' 
 says sander patting his back . 
 `` good job there figuring it out genius . '' 
 `` kiss my butt . '' 
 `` why do n't you go do something while us grownups talk , i 've got it , go clean yourself like a good kitty , you 're starting to smell . '' 
 snaps sander . 
 `` you kids enjoy yourselves and remember , kill them before you kill each other . '' 
 says vasos jumping over the side of the ship . 
 `` do not allow that coward to escape ! '' 
 yells one of the telekhines pointing at vasos when he resurfaces for a moment . 
 `` the rest of you push forward and take the ship before the fools have a chance to turn and flee ! '' 
 yelling with pleasure the crew grabs the oars speeding up the ship and closing the distance between them quickly . 
 `` you think they have any idea who they 're about to attack ? '' 
 questions sander watching the monsters . 
 `` not a chance in hell . '' 
 laughs sevrrir and playing with his axe . 
 `` this is going to be fun . '' 
 smiles sander . 
 `` you up for this ? '' 
 `` more than you are . '' 
 `` is that right ? 
 i 'll bet you that i can get rid of more monsters than you can . '' 
 `` you must already be drunk . '' 
 `` that 's beside the point . '' 
 `` fine , what are the stakes ? '' 
 questions sevrrir happily . 
 `` the loser has to call the winner great king of the world for two days straight without complaint . '' 
 answers sander . 
 `` you got it , this is going to be so easy , i have n't had anything to eat all day and when i 'm in lion form my appetite is much grander . '' 
 `` it wo n't make one iota of difference my friend you 're going to lose , oh and look , here comes the punching bags now . '' 
 he smiles walking over to stand beside sevrrir at the railing . 
 as the ships line up side to side the telekhine that is clearly in charge yells pointing his sword at them . 
 `` drop that weapon and surrender now ! 
 there 's nowhere for you to run . '' 
 smiling at them sevrrir throws his axe behind him . 
 `` running never crossed our minds . '' 
 vasos was making good time to the shore until the two telekhines grabbed him by the legs and dragged him unwater . 
 `` you will die slowly and painfully human unless you stop fighting and allow us to drag you to the shore . '' 
 laughs one of them happily as it watches vasos struggle to get back to the surface . 
 `` do you agree ? '' 
 vasos nods his head emphatically in agreement as he allows them to take his weapon dropping it to the sea floor . 
 `` you wo n't be needing that . '' 
 cutting through the water to the shore using amazing speed the telekhines pull vasos onto the beach throwing him on the sand gasping for air . 
 `` congratulations now instead of killing you slowly and then eating you we will kill you quickly and then eat you . '' 
 smirks one of the telekhines . 
 vasos stands up definitely . 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 `` what are you going to do ? 
 fight us both without a weapon ? '' 
 `` not at all . '' 
 suddenly his weapon flies out of the water cutting one of the telekhines in half crumbling it to dust and sending it back to the depths of hades realm . 
 `` what sorcery is this ? 
 who are you ? '' 
 the creature questions nervously . 
 `` i am vasos . '' 
 he answers proudly . 
 `` the avenger ? '' 
 `` word travels fast does it not ? '' 
 he smiles dropping his axe in the dirt next to him . 
 `` i am not afraid of you vasos . '' 
 the telekhine smiles with his dog face before barking so loud the sound echoes across the land . 
 `` calling for reinforcements ? '' 
 `` you have no idea , make peace with the gods now . '' 
 `` you first . '' 
 vasos says kicking his axe up out of the sand changing it into a sword as it lifts so it 's level with his head , swiftly he snatches it out of the air and throws it at the telekhine stabbing it in the heart before it can react . 
 the ground rumbles causing vasos to catch his balance , turning around slowly he finds four chimera 's and ten ipotane , the older ancestors of the centaurs are each carrying bows and arrows along with a sword . 
 two ipotane each are holding the giant chains leading to colliers that leash the multiple heads of the chimera . 
 `` you have started a fight on the wrong island . '' 
 yells the head ipotane named talis . 
 `` not true , i am vasos son of aphrodite . 
 i have come to this place by order of the gods . 
 chrysaor has plagued the seas and its people for too long . 
 i have come to teach him a lesson in humility . '' 
 `` you 'll have to get past us first brave demigod , i admire your courage and will face you one on one but be warned that no matter the outcome of our battle these others will show you no quarter . 
 they are fiercely loyal to chrysaor . '' 
 talis warns . 
 `` but not you ? '' 
 `` i am an unwilling servant , i was once a traveler across the world . 
 i decided to become a legendary hero that would match chiron , my travels eventually brought me here to rhodes where i decided that i would put an end to chrysaor and his pirates once and for all . 
 i fought through his men until i reached his home challenging him to fight me one on one . 
 i am ashamed to say that i lost badly and as i laid there broken and bleeding he offered me a choice , years of torture followed by death or immortality and servitude . 
 obviously i took the cowards way out and chose the latter . 
 so here i am , an unwilling slave as long as he lives . '' 
 `` i am sorry to hear of your misfortune but delight that today is the day your servitude ends because after i defeat you and your friends i will defeat him . '' 
 answers vasos . 
 `` you 're crazy . '' 
 sevrrir yells . 
 `` count them or did you not learn how to count in the jungle ? '' 
 sander snaps back . 
 `` they 're not even dead sander ! 
 look at them they 're just running around high fiving each other . '' 
 `` they 're not attacking us and they ca n't do anything against us , ergo they have been defeated . '' 
 sander smiles drinking from his flask . 
 `` i disagree ; as long as they can wake up from your little trance again then they are not fully defeated . '' 
 he reasons . 
 `` fine . '' 
 sander sighs looking at the creatures . 
 all of the creatures stop high fiving and instead attack each other until only one of the harpies is left . 
 with one final look at her the harpy squawks for a second before flying over the side of the ship and drowning herself in the water . 
 `` and with that one the score stands at eleven to nine , if you were n't so busy eating the enemies you might have been able to win but instead i am your great king of the world . '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` the games not over yet check it out . '' 
 points sevrrir at the beach where vasos is fighting the ipotane . 
 running to the helm sander smiles . 
 `` ship , take us to the shore . '' 
 `` you are well trained vasos , a very worthy opponent . '' 
 pants talis slightly out of breath . 
 `` as are you . 
 we would do well as friends and allies . '' 
 `` were the fates so kind . '' 
 he says attacking vasos with his double swords in a flurry of intricate attacks . 
 vasos smiles blocking and dodging them with ease . 
 backing away for a moment talis eyes him carefully . 
 `` i find it strange that you have yet to use any kind of powers against me . '' 
 `` it would be unfair of me to use my powers against you giving me an unfair advantage , that 's not what i want . 
 if i am to win it will be using my skill with a blade alone . '' 
 `` truly you are an honorable man ! '' 
 `` enough talking talis , if you do not finish off this man quickly the rest of us will . '' 
 barks one of the other ipotane . 
 `` mind your tongue or you will feel my wrath next . '' 
 snaps talis quieting the other ipotane . 
 `` what we need is these other distractions removed so you may battle me unencumbered , luckily i have a way to take care of that . '' 
 `` how do you purpose to get such a feat accomplished ? '' 
 answering the question for him is sevrrir leaping over vasos turning into a lion and attacking one of the chimera and taking the enemies by surprise . 
 vasos just smiles as sander runs past him into the fray brandishing a spear . 
 `` now noble talis show me the extent of your prowess . '' 
 chapter 34 `` have i mentioned lately how much i love your powers over the water ? '' 
 smiles hallthor looking at the beach rapidly moving towards them . 
 `` they come in handy . '' 
 replies curios . 
 `` let 's hope all of our powers will be enough to get this god out of whatever trouble he 's in . '' 
 kol says somberly . 
 `` are n't you mr. cheerful ? '' 
 questions hallthor . 
 `` sorry , it 's just would n't a god have returned if he could ? 
 the fact that he has n't more likely means that somehow some thing or someone has captured him and if it this thing is powerful enough to capture and hold a god prisoner then what chance do we have ? '' 
 `` if i have n't said it before , let me say it now kol . 
 you sure know how to liven a party . '' 
 jokes hallthor . 
 `` i try . '' 
 `` no , you say that proudly . '' 
 says curios . 
 as the three of them disembark from the row boat the smells of different foods entice them reminding them that they had n't eaten yet that day . 
 `` who knows how long we 'll be here so why do n't we get a little something to eat , you know to keep up our strength . '' 
 suggests hallthor . 
 `` agreed , what say you curios ? '' 
 `` i could use some food . '' 
 `` yeah you could , your breath smells like fish . '' 
 jests hallthor walking towards the nearest tavern . 
 `` is that a son of poseidon joke ? '' 
 he questions chasing after him . 
 watching them chase each other around kol remembers for a moment that they are all still young . 
 he ca n't help but wonder if it 's really fair for them to be spending their youth on dangerous quests . 
 happily he joins in chasing them down and tackling them both covering them with snow he created with a little magic . 
 `` take that suckers ! '' 
 he yells running away . 
 all of a sudden he feels an electric sting on his butt that makes him jump in the air , turning around he finds that curios has turned the snow back into water making several whips out of it that hallthor is charging with electricity . 
 `` you were saying ? '' 
 chuckles curios . 
 `` low blow curios . '' 
 he says rubbing his butt . 
 `` i 'll aim higher . '' 
 `` do n't do me any favors . '' 
 says kol turning back around to run . 
 immediately the water wraps around him pulling kol towards his friends until they are standing face to face with him . 
 `` what should we do with him hallthor ? '' 
 `` i think he looks a little tired , i think he needs some energy . '' 
 he answers charging his hands . 
 `` again i 'd just like to call you suckers . '' 
 smiles kol before the fake imagine they 've captured disappeared . 
 `` crud . '' 
 sighs curios . 
 a moment later magical energy forms behind them whipping them in the butt over and over causing them to run towards the city . 
 nearing the city the two of them can see kol standing at the entrance to and inn leisurely drinking from a large mug . 
 `` hey guys , glad you could finally show up . '' 
 he says fading the magical whips . 
 `` cold blooded . '' 
 frowns hallthor rubbing his backside . 
 `` of course he 's cold blooded he 's part frost giant . '' 
 laughs curios following the others into the tavern . 
 the three of them sit back and relax at a table in the corner away from the other people who are already giving them dirty looks . 
 `` friendly place kol , what you could n't find a table in jotunheim ? '' 
 questions hallthor . 
 `` we 'd find a warmer welcome in hell . '' 
 states curios staring at the crowd . 
 `` i get it a warmer welcome in hell ! '' 
 laughs kol slapping the table and drawing even more attention to them . 
 `` what 'll it be ? '' 
 questions an attendant walking up . 
 `` any kind of food you have and two more mugs for my friends here . '' 
 answers kol . 
 `` question for you sir , is there some reason that everyone is staring at us like we just pleasured their sister ? '' 
 asks hallthor while making funny faces at different people that are gawking . 
 `` first off i would n't recommend making faces at people around here boy they do n't like smart-alecky punks . '' 
 `` let me guess it 's the smart part that they mainly have a problem with . '' 
 says curios feeling protective over hallthor . 
 `` what 'd you say ? '' 
 the man grunts turning toward curios . 
 `` what 's a matter caveman did i not speak slowly enough for you , perhaps i should draw little stick figures on a wall so you could understand . '' 
 he snaps standing up to the man . 
 `` i have a nice spot out back to bury you when i 'm done . '' 
 the man says balling his fists . 
 timing it perfectly curios calls some spilled water to him turning it to ice on the floor under the man 's feet as he tries to punch him . 
 as the large man slips forward curios grabs his shirt yanking him downward until his head connects with the table top sending him flying backwards unto the floor where curios changes the water back lifting the man up sending him flying out the tavern door into the street . 
 several men stand up ready to rush the table until hallthor leisurely tosses his hammer into the air . 
 as the people watch the hammer flies out of the bar and an instant later everyone hears it connect with the man 's head with a thud knocking him out and then flying back to hallthor 's hand . 
 `` does anyone else have a problem with my brother 's faces ? '' 
 questions curios eyeing everyone . 
 `` is that what demigods do today ? '' 
 questions a man walking into the place . 
 `` you mean defend ourselves ? 
 absolutely . '' 
 answers hallthor . 
 `` that was n't self-defense in my opinion . '' 
 he says evenly staring at them from the door . 
 `` no one asked your opinion did they ? '' 
 curios says weary of the stranger . 
 `` you 're real tough when picking on a normal humans are n't you well you 're not the only demigods around . '' 
 `` teach them a lesson jor ! '' 
 yells one of the patrons in the bar . 
 `` shhh , this is grown up time children keep your comments to yourselves or i 'll be forced to send you to the corner for time out . '' 
 chides curios . 
 `` try and make me do anything child if you dare ! 
 i 'm jor the great , son of sol goddess of the sun . 
 now die ! '' 
 he yells creating a ball of fire the size of their table and then throwing it at them . 
 instantly curios jumps in front of hallthor and kol drawing every bit of water in the place to make a shield around them . 
 the water steams and boils against the fury of the attack barely holding up . 
 when the steam clears hallthor lobs one of his hammers at jor 's head but to his dismay the man just bats it aside like if he was simply shooing a fly . 
 `` is that the best you can do ? '' 
 he laughs . 
 curios and hallthor back up to the other side of the table summoning their weapons to the ready while kol sits quietly with his back to the man still . 
 `` kol you might want to get up about now . '' 
 states curios worried about him . 
 `` i 'm going to say this once jor so listen close , we did not start the problems with the man outside nor were we picking on anyone . 
 you are a demigod and that makes us family one way or another so i 'm going to hold my anger at attacking my brothers a little longer and give you the choice of apologizing and walking out of here . '' 
 `` what ? 
 you think i care about our little family connection ? 
 well i do n't and i do n't care whose son you are i fear no one ! '' 
 he yells throwing another giant ball but this time directly at kol . 
 before the others can do anything the entire ball of fire stops dissipating into nothing . 
 `` i gave you the choice to leave peacefully jor , now for the rest of your life you will have to live with what happens to you next knowing you could have escaped unscathed . '' 
 chapter 35 sword masters would have wept at the beauty and perfection of the moves that vasos and talis were performing , poets would have sold their souls to have witnessed the mastery so they could write about it later . 
 as the fight around them comes to a close sevrrir and sander silently stand off to the side watching the battle with great respect . 
 `` look at those moves amazing is n't it ? '' 
 asks sevrrir . 
 `` yeah , are you getting bored too ? '' 
 `` extremely , do you think we should help him ? '' 
 thinking about it while taking a swig . 
 `` nah , if vasos wanted he could end this fight real quick using his powers . 
 obviously he 's on one of his spartan honor things or something . '' 
 `` that 's nice , so what was your final count ? '' 
 `` fourteen , you ? '' 
 he questions anxiously . 
 with a frown sevrrir counts on his fingers for a second . 
 `` damn it , fourteen as well . '' 
 `` there 's got to be more bad guys on this island somewhere . '' 
 sander says looking around . 
 `` i do n't see any more enemies but here comes the golden messenger . '' 
 sevrrir says pointing . 
 `` i 'm not doing the message , you can take care of it . '' 
 sighs sander . 
 `` i 'm not a good public speaker anytime strangers are around i freeze up . '' 
 sevrrir looks around for a moment . 
 `` what public ? '' 
 `` hello vasos and the guy he 's fighting with . '' 
 `` maybe it is better i do the message , kol might not be fluent in drunk talk . '' 
 `` or we could wait until vasos is done . '' 
 recommends sander . 
 `` what if it 's important ? 
 i do n't want something to happen to the others on account of us waiting besides at the rate this thing is going we could be waiting all night . '' 
 says sevrrir walking up to the bird and pressing the button . 
 after listening to the message sevrrir scowls . 
 `` i do n't remember seeing any eyes following us do you ? '' 
 `` nope , but it defiantly sounds like the same tunnel . 
 everything else matches perfectly . '' 
 `` oh well , maybe it 's something new or it was just a fluke of some kind . 
 in any case i like kol more and more , i ca n't wait to hear what vasos says when we tell him kol 's reply to his joke about taking him down . '' 
 `` it should be interesting when those two meet . '' 
 `` i ca n't wait . '' 
 titters sevrrir . 
 `` i better send the message back and let him know how we 're doing . '' 
 he says pressing the button . 
 `` hey kol , this is sevrrir , vasos would have sent the message to you but he 's busy in some sort of a death match i think , so far he has refused to use his powers , sander and i believe it 's part of some sort of spartan honor thing but who knows for sure ? 
 anyway we are on the island of rhodes now and have destroyed twenty eight of his monsters , as soon as vasos is done playing around we 'll find chrysaor and be on our way to the second quest . 
 hope you guys can keep up , we 'd hate to make you look bad . 
 oh and by the way , neither myself or sander remember seeing any weird eyes following us . 
 so i guess that 's it . '' 
 `` wait . '' 
 sander says pushing him out of the way . 
 `` and this is sander the cool one of the group , when this whole business of quests is over we need to have a party that shakes the heavens ! 
 i 'll provide the wine and sevrrir well he can do ... something ... but ... '' sevrrir pushes him to the side . 
 `` shut up you wine drinking twit . 
 good luck fellas see you when we 're done . '' 
 he says pushing the button . 
 the eagle soars into the air heading back to kol as the two of them settle in to watch the battle that 's slowing down . 
 `` tired talis ? '' 
 `` not at all vasos how about you ? '' 
 `` i could go all day but i fear we do not have that kind of time . 
 i 'm sure other forces loyal to chrysaor will be arriving shortly . '' 
 replies vasos . 
 `` you 're probably right but unfortunately i am beholden to chrysaor and until i am defeated i will fight for his cause . '' 
 he sighs . 
 `` so if i were to beat you then you would have to help me ? '' 
 `` i see where you are going with this vasos . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` yes , if you were to take me prisoner then i would have to help you do whatever it is you ask , unfortunately i could not fight on your behalf because of the enchantment i 'm under . 
 but that is only if you could beat me and i will not willingly lose , to do such a thing is not in my nature . '' 
 `` that 's not a problem at all . '' 
 smiles vasos focusing his power on talis . 
 `` what are you doing to me ? '' 
 he asks beginning to drop his sword . 
 `` nothing i was just thinking that you do n't really want to fight . '' 
 `` i do n't really want to fight . '' 
 he repeats dreamily . 
 `` you just want to put down your swords and have a nice long nap . '' 
 smiles vasos focusing harder . 
 `` i 'm so sleepy , i think i 'll lay down for a little bit if you do n't mind . '' 
 talis yawns dropping both of his swords and lying down . 
 putting his sword away vasos walks up to talis grabbing the swords and throwing them over to his friends before leveling his sword to talis ' throat . 
 `` talis wake ! '' 
 he yells . 
 his eyes shoot open looking around unsure of what just happened . 
 finally he notices vasos ' sword edge leveled at his neck . 
 `` it would appear that i have been defeated . '' 
 `` so you have . '' 
 smiles vasos allowing him to get to his feet . 
 `` i am your prisoner what would you have of me ? '' 
 questions talis with a little bow . 
 `` you must take us to chrysaor 's base of operations . '' 
 `` as you wish . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` good fight vasos and to you stranger . '' 
 sevrrir says walking up . 
 `` thank you young demigod , i was impressed by your skills as well as those of your friend . '' 
 he replies . 
 `` hey fellas you finished playing with each other . '' 
 sander says stumbling towards them . 
 `` great news vasos , i started planning the after quest party with kol and his men . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` oh and kol says not to let monsters beat you up too bad so you do n't have an excuse when he kicks your butt or something like that . '' 
 sander keeps talking . 
 `` what are you babbling about ? '' 
 demands vasos . 
 sighing sevrrir walks up to sander placing a finger on his forehead pushing him slightly so he just falls backwards into the sand completely passed out . 
 `` what my inebriated friend was trying to say was the golden bird returned while you were busy . 
 the message from kol said that they were visited by some strange voice and it enchanted their ship so it could travel the way ours does . 
 the way they described the things they saw sounded exactly like what we saw with the exception of them seeing a weird pair of green eyes following them during the trip inside the tunnel . 
 i told him we did n't remember seeing anything like that , also he said that they are at noi on their first quest . 
 i told him that we are on ours as well and have already made great progress . 
 the last thing he said was his retort to your jab saying he could beat you more or less . 
 then the genius here pushed me aside and tried to say we need to have a party after the quests . '' 
 `` i see . 
 it 'll be fun when kol and i can play a little bit . '' 
 smiles vasos . 
 `` as for the eyes i do n't remember seeing any following us either , i 'm guessing it 's whatever goddess we owe a favor to . '' 
 `` a good guess . '' 
 sighs sevrrir . 
 `` i know that it 's none of my business but i do n't believe it wise to owe a favor to any deity . '' 
 says talis gravely . 
 `` that 's what i said . '' 
 agrees sevrrir . 
 `` it was the best choice at the time given our options . '' 
 `` which one is it that you owe a favor to ? '' 
 questions talis . 
 `` that 's the worse part , we do n't know . '' 
 sevrrir answers for him . 
 `` hmmm , that is troubling . 
 have you no clue at all ? '' 
 he questions . 
 `` none . '' 
 he answers sorely . 
 `` but right now all i can do is worry about the quests i 'm on , speaking of which how far must we travel ? '' 
 `` half a day 's walk . '' 
 he answers . 
 `` then for now we will return to the ship and sail to another place for the night and continue the journey in the morning . '' 
 states vasos lifting sander and throwing him over his shoulder . 
 `` man i do this way too often . '' 
 `` yeah you do . '' 
 laughs sevrrir . 
 `` what about me ? '' 
 asks talis . 
 `` you 'll come with us , that way i can learn everything there is to know about chrysaor , his defenses , monsters , everything . '' 
 chapter 36 jor franticly conjures another ball of fire hoping to defend himself against kol who is calmly walking towards him , but just as quick as they form they dissipate from sight . 
 `` i warned you . '' 
 kol says blasting him so hard that he flies right through the wall of the tavern into the street . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 he questions trying to stand . 
 `` i am kol son of loki and adopted son of thor . '' 
 he answers stepping through the hole in the wall . 
 `` kol the punisher ? '' 
 he asks trembling in fear . 
 `` kol is fine . '' 
 he answers magically picking him up in the air and slamming him back into the ground . 
 `` please i did n't know it was you . '' 
 `` so that makes it better ? 
 if it had n't been us then you would have beat up on some other demigods simply because you wanted to look tough and not find out the whole story ? 
 no , i imagine things have been this way here for a very long time , how many innocent men have you beaten to a pulp for no good reason ? 
 consider this a punishment for your crimes against all those you wronged . '' 
 `` please no ! '' 
 yells jor . 
 `` never show yourself to me again and if i find out you have been attacking demigods for no reason i 'll come back and finish what i started . '' 
 kol snarls turning and walking back to the bar . 
 `` no you wo n't . '' 
 whispers jor pulling out a dagger to throw at kol . 
 sensing something amiss kol turns around to see the dagger dropping from his hand as he screams in pain with floggen standing next him . 
 `` now boy i 'm going to teach you a lesson you 've needed for a long time ! '' 
 floggen yells in his ear while pulling him to his feet by the ear . 
 punching him in the stomach so hard that he lurches over , floggen grabs onto him bending him over his knee and spanking him in front of everyone . 
 `` you do n't attack people from behind ! 
 that is very , very naughty , it 's a no , no . 
 you do n't bully others ! 
 that too is a no , no ! 
 you better be a good boy or i 'll come back here , understand ? '' 
 he questions . 
 jor just continues to cry feeling totally humiliated . 
 spanking him again harder floggen demands a response . 
 `` i said do you understand me ?! '' 
 `` i understand . '' 
 he shrieks . 
 `` good , now get out of here before i change my mind ! '' 
 snaps floggen lifting him up and kicking him in the butt . 
 `` i had it under control . '' 
 kol says walking up to floggen . 
 `` i saw that , but things had already got pretty serious and when he pulled the dagger it would have forced you to kill him to survive , you do n't need that on your conscious kol . '' 
 `` the day will come floggen when evil men or demigods that serve an enemy will force me to kill them , no matter how you look at it one day i will have to cross that bridge . '' 
 `` hopefully you will always find another way , and if that bridge is one you will cross it wo n't be crossed today . '' 
 he says patting him on the back . 
 `` thank you floggen , i guess i 'm more like loki than i thought . '' 
 `` not in the least , your father would not have stopped , nor would he have given his enemy a chance to flee . 
 in the end you are nothing like him given what just happened here . '' 
 reassures floggen . 
 `` thanks floggen . '' 
 `` well look at what we have here , the conquering hero returns . '' 
 smiles curios . 
 `` nice job there killer that was some major power going on there , it looks like you 've been holding out on us . '' 
 `` and who 's your little friend ? '' 
 asks hallthor . 
 `` orphan from the streets ? 
 no , that ca n't be , i mean it does n't look like he 's been missing any meals now does it ? '' 
 `` what did he say ? 
 i do n't speak stupid . '' 
 he asks turning to curios . 
 `` and you think that i do ? 
 screw you floggen . '' 
 he says turning his back on him playfully . 
 `` that 's it tonight you 're sleeping on the couch . '' 
 `` fine , the couch gives me more love then you do anyway ! '' 
 `` speaking of getting some lovin ' when was the last time you got a little action kol from what i saw in that fight you have some serious pent up aggression . '' 
 laughs hallthor . 
 thinking for a second kol smiles . 
 `` i do n't know hallthor , we 'll have to check with your sister she was the last girl i was with . '' 
 `` low blow . '' 
 `` that 's my specialty . '' 
 kol smirks grabbing the mead he just got . 
 `` i bet it is ! '' 
 yells curios slapping the table . 
 they all start laughing taking a big drink together . 
 `` so where do we start ? '' 
 questions kol getting back to business . 
 `` i 'd say we start by finding the bottom of our mugs then the very next thing that should happen is you ducking kol . '' 
 says curios . 
 `` what ? '' 
 just then the golden bird flies right through the window slamming into kol 's head with full force . 
 `` low bridge . '' 
 pronounces curios with a grin . 
 `` funny , now let 's hear what vasos has to say . '' 
 he mutters pressing the button . 
 after listening to the message they all share a little giggle . 
 `` i like that sander , he sounds like a hoot and i 'm all for having a huge party after the quests are over . '' 
 cheers curios to the air spilling a little of his drink . 
 `` i think we can beat them . '' 
 hallthor smiles . 
 `` i 'm not going to let sevrrir get bragging rights on us . '' 
 `` the eyes did n't follow them . '' 
 notes kol . 
 `` what 's that about ? '' 
 `` i would n't worry about it kol , that 's a weird place and i 'll bet you that things are n't always the same for everyone . '' 
 floggen declares . 
 `` i suppose but it still bothers me . '' 
 `` water under the bridge , '' curios says . 
 `` you 're right , it 's curios under the bridge . 
 anyway , i think i 'm going to wait on sending a message back to vasos until we actually have a little more to report . '' 
 `` i agree . 
 otherwise what are you going to say ? 
 we 're lounging in a bar and have no real idea where the hell to start our search . '' 
 hallthor states with a chuckle . 
 `` man you guys are thick . '' 
 floggen laughs . 
 `` he a god of summer and the outdoors where do you think you should start looking . '' 
 `` calm down mr. hide in a hole when danger comes . '' 
 hallthor snaps . 
 `` so screw it let 's get out of here and find that god . '' 
 curios suggests . 
 `` i agree let 's do it , we 'll get out of here and head to the forest to the south that 's as good a place as any to start . '' 
 agrees kol standing up and marching out of the tavern paying as he leaves . 
 the others stumble out of the place in a hurry meeting up with him in the middle of the street . 
 `` are you going to join us on our little adventure floggen ? '' 
 beams kol in excitement . 
 `` did you forget what happened when the other gods showed up ? 
 no , it 's best if i 'm not around the gods too much , mainly because i 'm a coward at heart . '' 
 `` do n't sell yourself short so to speak . '' 
 laughs curios . 
 `` ha ha . 
 well i 'll be heading back to the ship , you know how to find me when you need me . '' 
 he says waving as he heads back towards the docks . 
 hallthor watches him for a second and then turns to the others . 
 `` hey guys i 'll be right back i forgot to tell floggen something . '' 
 catching up to him hallthor turns him around forcefully . 
 `` what 's your game floggen ? '' 
 `` why whatever do you mean ? '' 
 he asks innocently . 
 `` i mean i know you 're no coward that was a weak excuse , what 's the real reason you do n't want to go with us ? '' 
 lowering his head floggen speaks in a whisper . 
 `` listen hallthor i do n't have a great relationship with the gods . '' 
 `` given the way you talk to people i 'm not surprised . '' 
 `` it 's more than that , to tell you the truth hallthor my real name is n't even floggen it was mainly luck that ares did n't recognize me , if some of the gods find out i 'm here it 'll just cause more problems for everyone . 
 please just trust me and keep this to yourself , i think i 've proved that i 'm on your side so just trust me . '' 
 pleads floggen . 
 `` why are some of the gods angry at you ? '' 
 `` because i 'm trying to protect and help kol . '' 
 he informs him quietly . 
 `` if that 's true and you 're on our side then just tell kol and curios , they 'll understand i 'm sure . '' 
 reasons hallthor . 
 `` it 's not the right time . '' 
 `` what is it with everyone saying that ? 
 there 's never a right time for bad news ! '' 
 exclaims hallthor . 
 `` there is a time and a place for everything hallthor , so please just do n't tell kol or curios anything ok ? '' 
 after deliberating for a moment hallthor agrees before turning and walking back to the others who are still waiting in the same spot . 
 `` what was that about ? '' 
 questions kol . 
 `` floggen is an imposter that 's not his real name and apparently the gods would n't be too happy if they find out who he really is and what he 's been doing . '' 
 hallthor says simply as they begin to head towards the forest . 
 `` yeah i figured as much . '' 
 kol responds coolly . 
 `` you did ? '' 
 curios looks at him raising an eyebrow . 
 `` i pieced it together a while back but i was n't completely sure until just now , i do n't know exactly who he really is but he 's proven no threat to us . 
 we 'll deal with the problem of who he really is later . '' 
 `` i trust him . '' 
 hallthor says . 
 `` i just want that known . '' 
 `` we all do . '' 
 guarantees curios . 
 `` whoever he may be he is our friend first and foremost i say . '' 
 `` i concur for the time being , but right now let 's take to the air and end this quest . '' 
 chapter 37 vasos chose to have them use the ship 's new ability to travel to argos in minutes , once there they happened to catch the tail end of the wedding ceremony of temenos and selene . 
 for the first time since he had met her selene actually looked happy and temenos was beaming as well and vasos knew without a doubt that those two would have a love that could last through the ages . 
 after the ceremony finished they announced themselves and joined in the reception fun , even talis was welcome and treated like royalty . 
 as the night went on the more time vasos spent getting to know talis the more he made it a personal mission to free him , the quest was no longer about just doing something the gods asked now it was about freeing a good man . 
 for hours during the rest of the day and into the night vasos learned and relearned everything he could . 
 he spent so much time going over everything in his mind that vasos was sure that he knew the island better than most people that lived there . 
 now that the morning had come the plan was simple they would take the tunnel back to rhodes , once there sevrrir and sander would stay and protect the ship while talis and vasos headed to chrysaor 's strong hold . 
 once there he would challenge him to one on one combat , defeat him , grab the mask and be on their way . 
 all of it sounded simple but vasos knew it would be anything but , as they headed out to the shore in the long boat vasos could n't help but wonder why he had n't heard anything back from kol yet , he hoped that he and his team were okay . 
 it was one thing to fight a monster like chrysaor , they are demigods they fought monsters all the time . 
 finding a lost god on the other hand , that was different . 
 if he was lost maybe there was a reason , it could be any number of things . 
 maybe he left and did n't want to be found , if that was the case then it was rather doubtful that he 'd go back to asgard without a fight . 
 if he was taken by something or someone then that is a being that is powerful enough to kidnap and hold captive a god that being the case they were going up against something that would most likely be their death . 
 no matter what the situation it was n't a good one and he could n't help but worry about it . 
 `` i hope you 're ready vasos because here comes the welcoming committee and remember i am unable to help you . '' 
 frowns talis . 
 pushing aside his worries vasos focuses on the shore where he can see twenty different creatures running towards their boat . 
 `` nice , i 'll get a workout before the main event . '' 
 `` that 's all the rest of his men except for his two personal body guards i told you about . '' 
 talis growls . 
 `` not a problem . 
 i can handle it . '' 
 `` which part ? 
 them , the guards , or the monster himself ? '' 
 `` all of the above . '' 
 grins vasos jumping out of the boat and walking towards the group running at him . 
 when the creatures are about twenty feet away vasos jumps into the air sailing towards them , happily the group of monsters yell , roar and grunt as he descends toward the middle of the crowd . 
 with a mighty boom vasos slams both his fists into the ground when he lands forcing a tidal wave of land to knock all of the creatures over . 
 before they can recover vasos is destroying them one by one , he stabs , slashes and throws his blade freely changing the weapon back and forth between a sword and axe as he kills them . 
 until a few minutes later nothing remains except the swirling ash of the monsters returning to the underworld . 
 `` once again you impress me vasos . '' 
 talis admires walking up . 
 `` that was simple , hopefully the rest of the battles are as simple . '' 
 `` i would not count on it my friend , remember that chrysaor has power of the water as well as an unmatched skill with the trident . '' 
 `` a boast that i will put to the test trust me . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` now what do you say i get moving and set you free ? '' 
 `` this bites i finally have a chance to beat you in the little bet we have and what happens vasos has all the fun . '' 
 sevrrir slams his hand on the railing in anger . 
 `` there 's got to be someone else around here . '' 
 sander shouts like he 's hoping to draw some monsters to them . 
 `` yell all you want sander we 're out of luck , there 's not a monster in sight . '' 
 interrupting them mid conversation is a barrage of arrows the size of spears narrowly missing them as they sail over their heads . 
 turning to the direction the arrows came from sander and sevrrir 's eyes brighten when they see another ship twice as large as theirs sailing towards them with eleven full grown twenty foot tall cyclopes ' coming towards them . 
 `` trespassers in the seas of rhodes , prepare to be boarded ! 
 stand in the middle of the deck and throw down your weapons or we will destroy you and your ship ! 
 make your choice ! '' 
 one of them yells . 
 `` this is great ! '' 
 `` and you did n't want me to yell . '' 
 sander remarks rolling his eyes . 
 `` yes , yes you 're very smart for a pea brain . '' 
 retorts sevrrir . 
 `` ouch , you hit me where it hurts , my smarts . '' 
 he replies sarcastically . 
 `` same plan as before ? 
 we wait for them to come aboard and then utterly destroy them ? '' 
 `` i do n't think that our ship could hold that much weight , as it is i 'm surprised that it can carry your ego . '' 
 laughs sander . 
 `` now , that 's no way to talk to your king of the world . '' 
 `` you 're not king of the world yet my slow witted little friend , let 's just make sure when they get close enough we board them before they board us . '' 
 sander sighs taking a long drink . 
 `` when they get close enough use your vines and pull us on board the ship before they know what 's going on . '' 
 `` not a problem . 
 let 's do this ! '' 
 standing on the top of a hill overlooking a make shift arena in front of the entrance to chrysaor 's lair vasos takes stock of the place . 
 the strong hold is little more than a bunch of caves carved out of the side of a mountain as vasos looks it over he ca n't help but stifle a little laugh . 
 `` this is it ? 
 this is the great fortress i 've heard so much about ? '' 
 `` it 's not the fortress itself that is the problem , it 's the creature inside that calls himself a man . '' 
 answers talis gravely . 
 `` i will handle that , stay here my friend out of sight lest the monster demand that you come to his aid , at present he 's probably assumed you have fallen . '' 
 `` i do n't like the idea of you facing them alone . '' 
 `` have faith my friend i will survive this battle . '' 
 smiles vasos before jumping to the floor far below making a loud thud to announce his presence . 
 a raspy voice laughs echoing through the entire place sending shivers up and down vasos ' spine . 
 `` so the rumors my men have circulated as of late are true . 
 had i known that i may have let the man live who reported it to me . '' 
 `` scared to meet me down here face to face chrysaor ? '' 
 yells vasos echoing off the walls himself . 
 hideous laughter fills the air for a moment . 
 `` you want to meet me face to face ? 
 do you not know who my mother is ? '' 
 `` everyone knows who your mother is , the traitor to athena that took pleasure in the torture and turning of men to stone until perseus ended her miserable life giving birth to you and your brother pegasus . 
 speaking of which has she escaped from tartarus ? '' 
 a low deep growl emanates from the caves for a moment . 
 `` do n't you dare say a word against my mother ; she has escaped from the underworld and is on her way here as we speak . 
 after you are defeated i will torture you but keep you alive until she arrives to finish you off . '' 
 `` i have n't said anything that is n't factual and if you plan on defeating me , here i stand . '' 
 vasos says spreading his arms in a challenge . 
 `` you reach me you will have to first survive my aunts . '' 
 chrysaor says stepping out of a cave high above the ground looking down at vasos . 
 covering his face is a golden spartan type mask the only difference is the empty spaces have been filled in leaving only the eye sockets open . 
 his massive chest plate is gold as well and designed with medusa on one side and poseidon on the other matching the gauntlets he is wearing on each hand . 
 his pure black pants are perfect without a single sign of damage or even dust on them . 
 the boots he 's wearing are long and black leading all the way up to the middle of his shins and in his right hand is a golden trident . 
 `` behold the instruments of your destruction . '' 
 the scraping sounds of scales against the ground draws vasos ' attention to the caves directly in front of them . 
 slowly the two gorgon sisters stheno and euryale slither out of the caves with murderous looks on their twisted faces . 
 stheno the middle sister of the three is a ten foot blood red raddle snake and from the waist to the neck she is perfect bodied , she has a small amount of red cloth covering her breasts and her arms are bare . 
 from the head up is a different story , her eyes are blood red matching the dozens of snakes on her head slithering back and forth and snapping at the air while dripping venom , her wickedly green colored teeth are pointed and her lip stick is black as night . 
 euryale is much the same as stheno except the colors of her eyes , snake trunk and snakes in her hair are yellow and she is twice as heavy set as her sister . 
 `` let me guess , you lovely ladies are the sisters of medusa and unless i miss my mark , you my dear are stheno . '' 
 he says pointing at the red gorgon . 
 `` and that would make you euryale , i hear you have a wonderful voice . '' 
 `` my voice has been known to cause death mortal , say your prayers ! '' 
 she yells getting ready to bellow . 
 as soon as she opens her mouth to scream vasos ' sword finds a new home in her mouth nearly cleaving her head in two pieces . 
 `` i 'm sorry that story was done right ? '' 
 questions vasos . 
 answering his comment is stheno 's tail moving so fast he does n't have time to dodge it before it trips him sending him to the floor flat on his back . 
 in a flash stheno is on him trying to claw his face off , the only thing that saved him was his years of training and demigod reflexes . 
 with his enhanced strength he held her at bay but is n't able to throw her off . 
 `` you only delay the inevitable ; i will feast on your flesh . '' 
 she hisses inches from his face . 
 `` finish him off stheno ! '' 
 yells chrysaor . 
 `` you were a fool to throw away your weapon . '' 
 she laughs . 
 without answering vasos forces his hand up to her face pushing her head backwards . 
 `` do you really think you pushing would do anything to stop me ? '' 
 `` i never considered stopping you with the head push , i was merely calling my weapon back to my hands . '' 
 `` what madness do you speak ? '' 
 just then vasos ' sword handle went right through stheno 's head leaving her body twitching as he rolls her body off of him . 
 `` it looks like i made it past your aunts , care to play with me now ? '' 
 questions vasos looking up at chrysaor . 
 sevrrir claws his way through the vines that are trying wrap around his body as his anger steadily grows , changing back into human form he flips high into the air coming down with his axe and narrowly missing sander . 
 `` i knew it 'd come down to this sevrrir . '' 
 sander sneers pointing his sword at sevrrir . 
 `` so did i , it was only a matter of time . 
 i have to admit i did n't believe you could give me this much of a challenge . '' 
 `` i 'm full of surprises . '' 
 he says attacking sevrrir and driving him back . 
 `` i 'd say you are full of something . '' 
 sevrrir growls attacking back so furiously that sander is taken off guard forcing him to trip and fall backwards . 
 following through sevrrir brings his axe over his head . 
 `` and now it ends . '' 
 he yells bringing his axe down for the kill . 
 `` nooooo ! '' 
 yells sander as the axe falls . 
 the chop is perfect severing the head completely . 
 `` it 's done . '' 
 says sevrrir . 
 `` you got lucky , that kill would have been mine if you would n't have blindsided me with a paw when i was about to finish him off . '' 
 sander says getting back up . 
 `` whatever the case , you lost and now you have to call me oh great king of the world starting tomorrow . '' 
 he laughs heading back to their ship . 
 `` this sucks ! '' 
 `` not for me and i 'm sure vasos will love it when he gets back . '' 
 `` if he gets back , he 's been gone a really long time . '' 
 vasos had been warned about chrysaor 's water powers but he still was n't prepared himself for what happened . 
 as chrysaor dropped to the floor to meet him in combat he summoned water forcing it directly from the ground underneath vasos throwing him so high in the air for a moment he can spot their ship in the distance . 
 as he plunges back to earth another spout of water filled with rocks flies up towards him ready to pound the life out of him . 
 twisting in the air vasos forces his body to line up like a diver , then pulling out his axe he spins like a top cutting his way right through the stream of water until he reaches the ground . 
 as the water and rocks fall all around them chrysaor and vasos just stare at one another defiantly . 
 suddenly chrysaor brings the tip of his trident up placing it under his chin ready to impale himself as tears visibly drip from the bottom of his mask . 
 talis watches silently waiting for what will happen next when finally two small torrents of water shoot out of the ground with one hitting chrysaor in the face and the other knocking the trident away from his chin . 
 smiling vasos continues staring at chrysaor now that he 's back in control of his emotions . 
 `` two can play the powers game chrysaor . '' 
 `` how dare you even think to challenge me much less think you can win , i am the son of poseidon and medusa the most powerful demigod ever ! '' 
 smiling vasos thinks . 
 `` so being arrogant is your weakness and i bet that you are over compensating for being outshined by your brother so let 's nurture those feelings shall we ? '' 
 focusing his powers to inspire feelings of jealousy in chrysaor he begins . 
 `` so what , everyone only knows you as a thug , a nothing . 
 everyone loves your brother though . '' 
 `` he 's nothing compared to me , i 'm the one that matters , me !!!! '' he yells turning in a circle with his arms stretched out . 
 as he turns vasos changes his axe to a sword and drops it in the muddy water behind him letting it disappear from sight . 
 when chrysaor faces him again vasos blatantly runs at him counting on his opponent 's arrogance . 
 just as he hoped chrysaor steps to the side hitting vasos on the back with the butt of his trident sending vasos to the floor face first . 
 `` this is who you send against me , this waste of a life ? '' 
 chrysaor yells to the sky . 
 suddenly vasos ' weapon flies with deadly purpose towards his back but in a second he whirls around blocking it with a laugh . 
 `` did you really think i 'd fall for the same trick my aunt did ? '' 
 turning back around chrysaor 's eyes go wide when he sees a rock the size of his entire body flying at him , it hits him with such force that his armor on his chest crushes in and his mask flies off . 
 unable to get out from behind the force and speed propelling him chrysaor gets crushed into the rock wall behind him leaving only his head exposed . 
 surprisingly vasos notes that his face was obviously handsome before the fight with dark black hair and sea blue eyes . 
 `` no , i knew you would fall for the same trick . 
 in fact i counted on it . '' 
 vasos grins getting on top of the rock . 
 `` and now monster you can die the same way your mother did . '' 
 `` you can kill me vasos but know that i have heard the whispers from the gods , you and kol will never make it to your last quests . '' 
 `` we 'll see about that . '' 
 vasos says cutting off his head . 
 walking back to the mask and picking it up off the floor vasos looks to the heavens . 
 `` i am vasos son of aphrodite and descendant of hercules and with this mask i have completed my quest . '' 
 he says holding it up in the air . 
 a beautiful light surrounds the mask drawing it into the sky disappearing . 
 `` i am zeus father of olympus , you have done well vasos . 
 continue on with the blessings of the gods . '' 
 the sky goes dark as vasos looks to talis who stares in awe . 
 `` celebrate talis for today you are free ! '' 
 chapter 38 high above the forest kol and the others look at everything as it passes by them slowly , the forest is beautifully thick . 
 unfortunately the lush trees blocked the view of the ground . 
 there was any number of spots a person could be without anyone seeing them . 
 stopping the bubble so it just floats high above kol turns to the others with a frown . 
 `` this is n't working . '' 
 `` i know so far all i 've seen are leaves and birds , i ca n't even catch a glimpse of the ground . '' 
 hallthor says staring at the foliage . 
 `` i think we should keep flying , we 'll look from up here until we reach the ocean , then we land , spread out and walk back through the forest until we get to the village . '' 
 suggests curios . 
 `` that 's better than what i had in mind . '' 
 says kol `` why what plan did you have ? '' 
 `` none . '' 
 he laughs forcing his magic bubble to fly again . 
 they all joke some more for a minute before a hushed silence falls over them as the forest slowly cruises by below them . 
 slowly the ocean comes into view stretching out before their eyes as each of them drink in the sight of the sunlight bouncing off the water they become calm and almost entranced until a voice startles them so much that kol almost drops them . 
 `` what are we looking for ? '' 
 the man says appearing next to the others peering at the forest . 
 `` a lost friend . '' 
 kol says eyeing the man calmly . 
 `` lord ... ? '' 
 the man smiles , a genuine friendly smile that draws curios and hallthor in immediately , the second he spoke and smiled is the second that they trusted this man completely . 
 kol can see it in their eyes , he can feel that there 's been a change in them and more than anything he knows it has happened because he can feel the power trying to change him as well . 
 taking stock of the man kol notes that he is about six foot tall with salt and pepper hair , his eyes are blue and he has a very skinny build making him look like he has n't eaten in a long time . 
 he is clean shaven and has almost unnaturally white teeth beaming from between purplish looking lips . 
 `` pish posh , let us dispense with the pleasantries shall we ? 
 there 's no need for you to call me lord , i 'd rather you think of me as a friend . '' 
 with the last word kol can feel the magic double in force desperately trying to evade his mind and heart , the weird thing was that kol was n't trying to stop the power , at least not consciously , but for some reason it could n't get through to him . 
 it was like a strong wind trying to get through a window , you could see and hear its effects through the window but it could n't get to you . 
 `` are you in fact the one we 've been looking for ? '' 
 questions kol . 
 `` that depends on who it is you have been looking for little demigod . '' 
 he answers . 
 `` kol do n't be rude to our new friend , it does n't matter who he is ! '' 
 chides hallthor . 
 `` yeah kol what 's with the third degree ? '' 
 says curios pushing kol a little bit . 
 `` now , now boys , do n't be too hard on kol he did n't mean any kind of disrespect . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 they say in unison . 
 `` sorry kol . '' 
 `` you are powerful kol there are not many demigods that could resist me , you are interesting . '' 
 `` are we not interesting ? '' 
 frowns hallthor on the verge of tears . 
 `` of course you are . '' 
 the man reassures him patting him on the back . 
 `` now why do n't you two go and play for a little bit while i speak to kol , do n't worry boys you 'll get to see me again and play with kol . '' 
 abruptly the two of them disappear leaving kol alone with the man . 
 `` you know what pal , i do n't care who you are if you do n't bring my friends back right now and put them right you are going to be in a world of hurt . '' 
 snarls kol . 
 `` calm down kol and listen to what i have to say , i 'm betting you and your little friends were sent here by odin acting on the behest of freyja and that being the case i would be careful with your threats . 
 by now i 'm sure that you have figured out that i am od god of summer . 
 i was not lost nor was i stolen . 
 i left , no longer do i care to be part of the asgardians and no longer do i feel the love i once did for freyja . 
 so tell me son of loki how do you think that you are going to make me come back to a place i do n't wish to go ? '' 
 `` you would n't be the first god i 've fought . '' 
 kol says simply . 
 `` so believe me when i say that one way or another i will be completing this quest with you willingly helping or not . '' 
 `` impudent pup ! '' 
 yells od blasting kol backwards so it sends him falling to the forest . 
 quickly kol rights himself floating slowly back up towards od who has now taken on his true form . 
 od has pure black hair and orange eyes , his beard is full and wild . 
 he 's about ten feet tall and stocky built , his clothes are simple and made of cloth , his shirt is the color of teakwood bark and his pants are reddish pink with the vein look of leaves through them and his feet are bare as well as his hands . 
 `` i have watched you since you arrived kol and i have found that you have a weakness . 
 you care about your friends too much , you have allowed them to become your family and they have done the same . 
 together you have become a force to be reckoned with , how would you fair without that advantage , how would you survive ? '' 
 `` i am not without gifts of my own or power to defend myself . '' 
 replies kol nervously . 
 `` oh i know , were you put in the situation you would fight and even die if need be . 
 i bet you would even kill at least that 's what it looked like when you fought jor , but how would you fair when you could n't just pound on someone ? 
 how would you do if you the option to kill to even hurt was n't there ? 
 i do n't think you would survive . '' 
 `` there 's always another way . '' 
 he answers through gritted teeth . 
 `` maybe there is , i have an idea my young friend and if you win i will go back with you willingly . 
 if you can make it from the ocean to the village before the sunsets on foot only , then i will go back with you , if not , you must serve me for the rest of your life , do you agree ? '' 
 `` what 's the catch ? '' 
 questions kol . 
 `` you act like you have a choice , i was merely being polite . 
 do not forget i have your friends , either you will play my game or they will , what will it be ? '' 
 `` i accept . '' 
 `` your loyalty will be your downfall . '' 
 od laughs . 
 `` as for the catch that 's simple turn around . '' 
 kol turns to find one of hallthor 's hammers flying at his head , quickly he drops dodging it just in time , as he watches it flies back down to the far off beach into his brothers hand . 
 standing next to him is curios who is calling the ocean to encase him completely . 
 `` you will drop down to the beach in front of them , do n't worry they will not attack . 
 once you are there i will give you a one minute head start before they chase you , once they follow you they will be playing for keeps . 
 they 're one goal right now is to catch you and kill you , feel free to defend yourself anyway you choose . 
 also , i will be sending in a few of the dark elves to keep you busy . 
 and before you think about just avoiding everything know that they will be intent on killing each other as well . 
 so now we will see if there is indeed another way kol . '' 
 he laughs disappearing . 
 kol looks to the horizon where the sun is dropping rapidly , his mind races trying to think of someway to break the hold od has on his friends but in his heart he doubts that his power is any match for this god . 
 before he knows it he is standing on the beach with his two friends only feet away . 
 `` hallthor , curios snap out of it . '' 
 kol 's voice urgently pleads . 
 `` it 's me your brother kol . '' 
 `` you now have one minute left to run traitor , one minute to live before we avenge kol 's death ! '' 
 growls hallthor . 
 `` i look forward to tearing you apart for what you did to him . '' 
 roars curios . 
 `` what are you talking about , it 's me you fruit cakes . '' 
 kol says trying to place his hand on hallthor 's shoulder only to receive a hammer to the face . 
 before he can even hit the ground a rush of water shoots him into the forest till he hits a tree so hard the trunk cracks . 
 `` so much for the diplomatic approach . '' 
 he mutters getting to his feet . 
 `` time to improvise . '' 
 kol concentrates and instantly over twenty of him appear in the forest spreading out and running along with him towards the city . 
 `` this should make it a little more difficult for them to find me and a little easier for me to make it . '' 
 to his dismay dozens of water spouts pop out of the ground under several of the fake kol 's turning them back into light , at the same moment hallthor 's hammers fly through the forest taking out trees and fake kol after kol until he has to put up a shield to protect himself . 
 `` did you really think that you could hide from us in such a cowardly manner ? '' 
 asks curios . 
 `` our brother had used that trick several times before , we know how to handle that . '' 
 laughs hallthor . 
 `` try all you want , it makes no difference today is the day you die ! '' 
 he finishes calling down a bolt of lightning that kol is barely able to hold up against . 
 before he can recover from the attack two giant fists made of water begin pommeling him so hard that he can feel the impacts through his shield . 
 kol wants to attack but he 's worried about hurting his friends , the decision was taken out of his hands when arrows flying with deadly purpose sail through the forest towards all of them . 
 instantly kol 's protective nature over the others wins over his intelligence , lowering his shield he turns his back on the others while he attacks the dark elves with his blasts of magic energy . 
 closing his eyes he braces for the attack he knows is coming . 
 as the hammers fly into his back kol ca n't help but wonder if this is how he 's going to die . 
 maybe the gods never really trusted him , maybe this was all a set up to get him here so the people he trusted could finish him off without him putting up a real fight . 
 `` being the center of the universe is so difficult is n't it . '' 
 a voice whispers in his head . 
 `` yes the gods both greek and norse put aside everything else on their plate so they could trick you into a fake quest all so they could have two demigods gain your trust and then betray you so you could be killed or permanently changed to loki 's side against them . 
 how arrogant are you ? '' 
 with a sigh kol gets to his feet dodging a barrage of arrows , water and hammers after him . 
 `` what a nice way to kick me while i 'm down , listen i get what you 're saying and all and i do n't want to be rude . 
 but i do n't know who you are and frankly it 's a little hard to stay alive with someone else talking in my head . '' 
 `` i am here to help you kol , i have watched you and protected you since you were born . 
 you are not who you think you are , do not let loki trick and corrupt you , you are so much more than just the powers you have discovered the same holds true for vasos . 
 you are greater than you know and more important than you have been told as is vasos . 
 do not fault floggen for his deception it was necessary and protected you more than you know . 
 now how can i help you child ? '' 
 `` i have an idea . '' 
 he says out loud before making one of the trees come alive and attacking and capturing his two friends for a moment . 
 quickly he whispers to the voice what he would have done before turning his attention back to the elves . 
 `` are you sure that is all you desire from me ? 
 i could defeat and wipe out all the elves if you wish . '' 
 the voice asks . 
 `` no , i must defeat and win this quest on my own . 
 what i do want to know is who are you ? 
 was i correct in assuming that you are the goddess vasos and i owe a favor to ? '' 
 `` what !? '' 
 the voice yells in his head . 
 `` where and how did this happen ? '' 
 `` i really do n't have the time to explain fully , so real quick version , queen beholden to goddess in melos , caught vasos wanted favor in exchange for help needed and we agreed . '' 
 he answers quickly running through the forest freezing and knocking out elves left and right . 
 `` as you wish . '' 
 the voice says fading from his head . 
 hallthor and curios are hot on his trail attacking with everything they can , determined to extinguish his life . 
 kol tries to think of what magic he can use against them to capture and not wound or kill but nothing comes to mind , using his abilities to create ice would only fuel curios weapons against him . 
 `` if only i had more abilities . '' 
 he thinks . 
 a fearful yelp draws his attention turning him around to look at his brothers , surprising him is a door of light sucking hallthor into it , curios is ten feet away trying to use his powers to keep hallthor in place but in the end he disappears into the door which abruptly changes forming a crossroad of light that begins spinning quickly until it stops with the roads ending at a tree each . 
 hallthor appears in the middle of the roads running at top speed until he hits a tree full force knocking him to the floor in a daze . 
 enraged curios screams running to hallthor 's side checking to make sure he 's fine . 
 `` you did this ! '' 
 he shrieks running at kol with his trident . 
 as he watches his brother run at him kol raises a shield but unexpectedly curios shots water filled with ice daggers to the side of kol . 
 then following it he performs a whole fight as if someone is attacking him while kol watches confused at the sight . 
 finally after a sweep with the trident he buries it in the ground with glee like he just stabbed a monster . 
 `` and so my brother kol is finally avenged ! '' 
 curios shouts to the heavens before running back to hallthor to help him up . 
 kol just watches them for a second before running off towards the city at top speed , finally after a ten minute he reaches the edge of the woods just in time . 
 od is lazily laying underneath a tree eating some grapes and drinking some wine . 
 `` you do n't disappoint kol , you 're everything i expected you to be . 
 even being ignorant to so many things about yourself are found another way , in the end though it really does n't matter , that was the easy part for you , because if you think i 'm actually going to go back without a fight you 're delusional and no matter how powerful you are there 's no way you can defeat me . '' 
 `` lord od , i never dreamt that you would come with me willingly . 
 i know you left for a reason and would fight to keep the life and freedom you have made . '' 
 `` then you accept that you will fail this quest , i will leave this place and find another to dwell upon . 
 you will forever search . '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` not true my lord . 
 my quest was to find you , not to bring you back or fight you and i have done so . '' 
 smiles kol . 
 `` and how would you prove that you have found me ? '' 
 `` i will let freyja know you are here . '' 
 `` not while i 'm blocking any prayers from leaving this place . '' 
 he snaps summoning another bottle of wine . 
 `` that 's not a problem after all i already got the message out . '' 
 laughs kol pointing behind od . 
 with a look of absolute fear od slowly turns to see freyja standing behind him , instantly od falls in love with her all over again . 
 `` i forgot just how beautiful you are , i was a fool to ever leave our life together ! 
 please forgive me my lady and let me love you for the rest of our days ! '' 
 `` so long i have wept and wished and searched for you my love , all i have wanted is to hear you say you wanted to be with me forever but now that i see you , i know that you are always going to be quick to change your mind being the capricious god you are . 
 that does n't change the fact that i love you , so i will make this decision and decree here and now . 
 from now on you will only have me to love you because anytime you try to talk to any other women you will hence forth change into a swamfisk , with your decaying skin and pungent smell no woman will be able to talk to you or even want you . 
 i am all you will have for the rest of time . '' 
 she smiles evilly casting the enchantment . 
 od shoots to his feet but it 's too late the deed is done , dejectedly he looks at kol for a moment . 
 `` help me kol , convince loki to help me and remove this enchantment and i will tell you the truth that has been hidden your entire life . '' 
 freyja 's eyes flare for a moment but she remains silent staring at kol awaiting his decision . 
 looking from her to od with a smile kol answers . 
 `` i 've waited this long and done much without that knowledge od , i think i can wait a little longer . 
 enjoy your life with lady freyja lord od . '' 
 `` thank you kol for your help , yet another of your deeds will echo through the halls of asgard . '' 
 smiles freyja disappearing along with od . 
 kol 's heart is overjoyed as he sees hallthor and curios stumbling out of the forest looking lost . 
 `` kol , can you ever forgive us ? '' 
 questions curios looking at the ground . 
 `` it was n't your fault curios , you were under the influence of a rouge god . '' 
 `` it was terrible kol , i was trapped in my own mind on a beautiful summer island with my only company being a giant vision of what was happening to you . '' 
 sniffs hallthor sadly . 
 `` do n't worry hallthor , it 's over now . 
 we have won and we will be the stronger for it . 
 but first watch this . '' 
 looking to the sky kol raises his hands yelling . 
 `` i am kol son of loki and thor as lady freyja as my witness i have completed my first quest ! '' 
 the sky opens with a massive boom of odin 's voice . 
 `` i am odin the all father , the gods of asgard are proud of you kol and delight in your progress and decisions continue on your way with our blessings ! '' 
 the sky closes with a rumble leaving everything seeming silent . 
 `` now my brothers let us find floggen and send the message to vasos about what we 've done and where we are heading to next . '' 
 chapter 39 the trip back to the ship was a pleasant one , talis was overjoyed at being free at last and asked if could follow vasos on his journey to the second quest . 
 `` any and all of my skills are at your disposal my friend . '' 
 declared talis . 
 `` we 'd be lucky to have you with us my friend . '' 
 smiled vasos , looking out over the water to the ship . 
 staring at the ship vasos could see another larger vessel not too far away from theirs , he hoped that it was friendly but the way their luck usually ran probably not . 
 `` that 's not good . '' 
 he said . 
 `` certainly not , that is one of chyrsaor 's ships although i do n't know who he would have got to man it . '' 
 quickly the two of them got into the long boat and rowed as fast as they could to get to the ship and if necessary help their comrades defend the ship , vasos knew the other two demigods could protect themselves but still he could n't help but worry a little , besides he was eager to tell others what had happened in his fight and also find out if there was any news from kol yet . 
 heroically vasos and talis stormed onto the deck of the ship ready for a fight only to find sander and sevrrir completely hammered drunk and attempting to sing songs with their arms around one another . 
 `` wow that was a lot of noise , what 's all of the racket about vasos ? '' 
 questions sevrrir trying to get to his feet and falling back down . 
 `` what 's with the ship ? '' 
 vasos asks pointing at the massive vessel floating aimlessly next to theirs . 
 `` that was the tie breaker ship , the great king of the world here won . '' 
 sander answers slugging sevrrir in the arm . 
 `` what nonsense are you talking about ? '' 
 `` we had a bet , whoever defeated and destroyed the most enemies won . 
 the loser has to call the winner great king of the world for two days . 
 i lost and was supposed to start calling sevrrir that tomorrow but what the hell . 
 i love this guy . '' 
 `` that 's right ! 
 i am the great king of the world ! '' 
 slurs sevrrir spilling his drink all over talis . 
 `` that 's wonderful but you are n't the winner , i am . 
 i defeated the most enemies out of the three of us , so starting tomorrow you can call me the great king of the world . '' 
 laughs vasos . 
 `` hey nobody said that you were part of the bet . '' 
 whines sevrrir . 
 `` is n't that right sander ? '' 
 he looks at sander but he is staring wide eyed at talis slowly looking all the way up from his hoofs to his head . 
 `` hey , i hate to tell you but did you know that someone changed your legs into a horse ? '' 
 `` oh my god , what ever shall i do ? '' 
 talis jokes . 
 `` do n't worry buddy we 'll get you right , it could be worse you could look like him . '' 
 sander giggles pointing at sevrrir . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he agrees for a second . 
 `` wait what ? '' 
 `` anyway as fun as this has been i need to know if kol has sent a message . '' 
 sighs vasos kicking sander in the leg . 
 `` kol 's great but no we have n't heard anything from him yet . '' 
 sander replies passing out right after answering . 
 `` i was afraid of that . '' 
 looking at sevrrir he finds him snoring as well . 
 `` great , well talis it looks like it 's just you and me . '' 
 `` no offense vasos but i have n't been able to drink in a very long time chyrsaor would n't allow it , so i 'm planning on joining these two in a bit . '' 
 `` i suppose we could all use a bit of rest given the events of the day , i 'll have the ship take us back to argos so we can relax and i can talk to some people about the next quest . '' 
 `` what is the quest anyway ? '' 
 queries talis picking up sander 's flask and taking a huge drink . 
 vasos is about to answer when the golden bird descends from the sky landing on the deck in front of him . 
 `` i 'm sorry talis but i need to hear this message , i 've been worried about some friends on a different quest . '' 
 `` think nothing of it vasos i have sander 's magic flask to keep me occupied , would you like to be alone ? '' 
 `` not at all , feel free to listen . '' 
 vasos presses the button enthusiastically waiting to hear the message . 
 `` hail vasos , i 'm sure that this message finds you alive and well with a quest completed at least that 's what i 'm hoping . 
 we just got back to the ship , the first quest was difficult , we found the lost god od . 
 regrettably od had not wanted to be found , he took control of hallthor and curios sending them to kill me . 
 at the same time he flooded the forest i was in with some dark elves , nasty little beasts . 
 to make a long story short i survived the forest and my friends . '' 
 he laughs for a second . 
 `` although i could n't tell you exactly how , i felt weird for a moment and then powers happened that i 'm not even sure i have . 
 i mean , i 'm not sure it was me . 
 the voice i told you about spoke directly to me offering aid during the fight , i refused other than for whoever it is to take a message to freyja for me . 
 od said that there was more to me than i have been told and the voice indicated the same held true for us both and to make things more confusing the voice told me it was not the goddess we owe the favor to . 
 currently we are going to try and get to asgard -lrb- after some rest -rrb- where our second quest is positioned , wish us luck because i 'm sure we 're going to need it . 
 i have to steal the hair loki cut off of lady sif and somehow i doubt he 'll be willing to give it . 
 anyway let me know how you guys are doing , i 'm a little bit worried about you . 
 i just want to make sure everyone 's okay . '' 
 the message ends leaving vasos with a warm feeling knowing that the others are okay . 
 despite the fact that he 's never met them he feels like they are part of his family . 
 `` thank the gods they 're alright . '' 
 he voices with a relaxed breath while pressing the button . 
 `` hail kol , there is no need to worry little brother we were indeed successful in our venture . 
 i 'm overjoyed to hear that you were successful on your quest and everyone is alright . 
 as for ours , i fought chyrsaor in front of his stronghold right after i defeated his aunts the two gorgons known as stheno and euryale . 
 i know what you mean about feeling peculiar at the end of the fight i felt different and then was able to lift more weight than i ever have , although no bizarre voice spoke with me . 
 so i 'm not sure what 's happening to us or why , i will pray to my mother for an answer but who knows if she 'll tell me . 
 currently , the others are passed out or passing out from drinking . 
 i 'm taking the ship back to argos for the night so we will be safe . 
 while there i 'm going to ask around and hopefully find some information or rumors about where the armor of achilles is located , that is my next quest . 
 good luck on your next task kol and be careful . '' 
 as the bird glides off into the distance vasos takes the helm ordering the ship to take them to argos . 
 `` talis we 're here , are you going to stay on the ship or head out into the city with me to see the king and queen ? '' 
 he questions grabbing sevrrir picking him up and throwing me over his shoulder . 
 `` i believe i will stay on the ship , i know without a doubt that i will not be able to walk back here when i 'm done drinking . 
 during your message i could n't help but over hear that you have been tasked with finding and obtaining the armor of achilles , i know where it is . 
 i have been alive for over three hundred years and in that time i have tried many quests and one of them was to obtain the armor for myself . 
 it was over a hundred years ago but it may still be there , i have to warn you that to get there is a perilous journey . 
 i never made it to the island it 's located on myself the danger was too great . '' 
 talis says gravely as he plucks sander off the deck . 
 `` where exactly is the armor located ? '' 
 vasos questions leading him to the sailor quarters . 
 `` the island of the sirens . '' 
 chapter 40 after sending the message kol and the others found floggen drinking in the tavern and making friends the way he knows how . 
 when they walked in he was standing on the table daring anybody to come close and try to take him on as he swung a stool back and forth . 
 as they entered kol figured it was best to calm down the situation before floggen got into full scolding mode . 
 `` we better stop him before he gets all worked up . '' 
 kol states heading towards the captain . 
 `` i like when the little guy gets worked up , besides he could use a little sense knocked into that thick skull of his . '' 
 hallthor grunts sitting at another table close by . 
 `` i 'll take care of it kol , i think you 've done enough for one day fending off our idiocy and defeating a god in the most stylish of ways . '' 
 sighs curios still upset about what happened . 
 kol almost calls out to him but thinks better of it instead sitting at the table with hallthor who 's just staring into his drink . 
 `` hey , you okay ? '' 
 `` no i 'm really not . 
 we were supposed to help you on these quests not hinder you by going crazy . '' 
 `` it was n't your fault ; nobody could have resisted his power . '' 
 kol reassures . 
 `` you did . '' 
 `` we do n't know that . 
 for all we know od allowed me to not be affected so he could toy with me . '' 
 `` so you survived . '' 
 floggen says interrupting as he sits at the table . 
 `` that 's great . '' 
 `` you owe us some answers floggen , the voice you spoke of came to me and said not to be hard on you for lying to us . 
 i was told it was necessary to help us . 
 that being said i want you to know that all of us decided that we trust you completely and whatever else you may be you are our friend first and foremost . '' 
 scowls kol a bit . 
 `` kol , i never wanted to lie to any of you and as much as it pains me i can not tell you who i truly am yet . 
 just know that i am here to help you and vasos if i can , i will protect you all to the best of my abilities . '' 
 he answers . 
 `` i just have to say something , i failed out there today kol . 
 i failed you and hallthor and i failed myself . 
 that will never happen again , i promise . '' 
 declares curios . 
 `` the same goes for me . '' 
 hallthor says slamming his mug on the table . 
 kol smiles at both of them . 
 `` you are both too hard on yourselves , but i understand what you are feeling and i pledge the same to you because i failed you both as well . '' 
 they all cheer before looking at floggen expecting him to pledge as well . 
 `` do n't look at me i did n't fail anybody . '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` sure you did , you did n't meet the height requirement to be on a grown up quest . '' 
 hallthor hoots smacking him on the back . 
 floggen glares at hallthor for a moment before allowing their laughing to infect him . 
 `` what do you say squirt gun ? 
 do i make the cut or am i too short like hallthor says ? '' 
 questions floggen . 
 `` you are the perfect height floggen , just tall enough for me to set my mug on your head so i do n't have to lean over and pick it up . '' 
 answers curios with a wink . 
 `` and you kol ? '' 
 `` i 'm tall enough to journey on all of the rides . '' 
 laughs kol . 
 `` i 'm sure you are . '' 
 a familiar voice chimes in from behind them . 
 kol turns to see hypatia walking up to the table drawing everyone 's attention . 
 `` it 's been a spell has it not brave demigod ? '' 
 she asks sweetly sitting down next to him . 
 `` a lifetime too long . '' 
 he winks with a bow . 
 `` gentlemen allow me to introduce hypatia , daughter of zeus and hera , goddess of light , the sky and creativity . '' 
 each of them bow quickly . 
 `` what causes you to grace us my lady ? '' 
 hallthor inquires while blushing . 
 `` marry me , i 'm yours . '' 
 curios blurts out before she can answer instantly regretting his lack of control as he changes colors . 
 `` how extremely cute . '' 
 laughs hypatia . 
 `` i come to visit with kol of course . 
 i was curious about how he was doing . '' 
 `` i 'm doing much better now that i 've been graced with your presence my lady . '' 
 `` i am glad , so i have heard that your next quest will take you to asgard . 
 not planning on replacing me while you are there ? '' 
 `` i could never replace you . '' 
 he answers happily . 
 `` have you decided how you shall get to asgard ? '' 
 questions hypatia . 
 `` the ship will take us there . '' 
 floggen blurts out . 
 `` i mean ... i assume that it will . '' 
 `` normally the ship might , but right now the rainbow bridge is closed . 
 odin and zeus have both closed the demigod routes into our homes no one is sure why exactly . 
 as such the ship will take you to the entrance to asgard but you will have to convince heimdall that you are worthy to enter and not a danger to the realm . '' 
 `` just what we need the body guard of the gods wanting us to prove ourselves , have n't we done enough yet ? '' 
 complains hallthor . 
 `` no one would question your deeds or bravery young demigod but i 'm sure you can understand anyone who is meant to protect the gods being a little suspicious of everyone . '' 
 hypatia reasons . 
 `` i guess . '' 
 mutters hallthor . 
 `` we will do whatever is necessary to gain entrance to asgard and complete our quest my lady . '' 
 kol assures . 
 `` i 'm sure you will kol , you do n't disappoint . 
 farewell my brave demigod . '' 
 she says kissing him on the cheek and then disappearing . 
 `` it 'll never workout kid . '' 
 floggen grunts waking kol from his day dream . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he demands . 
 `` she 's greek and you 're norse , it is forbidden by the gods for you to be together . '' 
 he states matter-of-factly . 
 `` man tough break buddy . '' 
 curios says polishing off his drink . 
 `` i 'm great at following the rules when my heart is concerned . '' 
 kol mutters thinking about the law . 
 `` how about when your butt is on the line ? '' 
 floggen snaps eyeing him . 
 `` because that is exactly what is at stake here if you pursue that girl . '' 
 `` we 'll see . '' 
 he snaps back . 
 interfering in the conversation is the golden bird flying into the bar and landing on the table in front of kol . 
 `` saved by the bird . '' 
 kol eyes floggen . 
 `` let 's see what vasos has to say . '' 
 pressing the button they all listen hoping to hear good news , thankfully they 're not disappointed the longer they listen the happier they become hearing that their friends are alive and well and on the way to the second quest . 
 `` so the same thing happened to vasos that happened to me , but the voice did n't speak to him that 's interesting . 
 i wonder what has been hidden from the two of us . '' 
 kol ponders . 
 `` maybe you 're both just finally coming in to your powers completely ? '' 
 curios asks hopefully . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` what are you going to send back ? '' 
 questions floggen changing the subject . 
 `` i 'll tell him what we 've learned . '' 
 he answers . 
 `` you could tell him that the armor he seeks is on the island of the sirens and unfortunately for him that particular island is where all the monsters appear when they return from tartarus . '' 
 floggen shakes his head gloomily . 
 pressing the button with a frown . 
 `` hey there vasos , so it was good to hear that all of you are doing well , at present were sitting in a tavern discussing what we 're going to do to get into asgard . 
 apparently before we can even get there heimdall is going to test us in some way to allow us entrance into asgard , we do n't know what the test will be but i 'm sure we 'll pass it so tell sevrrir that he better hurry or we 'll end up finishing the quests before you . 
 on that note in the spirit of things the losers have to buy the winners drinks for a week ! 
 i have some good news and some bad news , the good news is that we know where you can find the armor ; it 's located on the island of the sirens . 
 the bad news is that siren island is where all the monsters appear when they escape from tartarus . 
 i wish we were there to fight by your side my friend be careful and let us know that you are okay . '' 
 he finishes . 
 `` we need to get our quest done so we could help them if they need . '' 
 curios says . 
 `` we 'll get it done as quickly as possible . '' 
 hallthor says . 
 `` so let 's head out now . '' 
 kol suggests . 
 `` yes , why do n't we head to the gates of asgard and get some kind of challenge from one of the toughest gods there is after we 've all been drinking . '' 
 floggen says mockingly . 
 `` ok , we drink tonight and head out first thing in the morning . '' 
 kol sighs . 
 `` yeah better that we fight with a hangover instead . '' 
 laughs curios . 
 `` to the quest ! '' 
 hallthor cheers with all of them joining in . 
 chapter 41 the island looked peaceful enough from a distance , the ship came out of the tunnel at a pretty good distance like it knew to keep them away from the sirens which vasos was glad for . 
 he still was n't sure how they were going to get the armor from the sirens or even how they would get to the island without crashing into the rocks from hearing their song . 
 he figured that maybe he could have them put wax in their ears the way odysseus and his men had . 
 then they could reach the shore and take out the sirens giving them plenty of time to search for the armor but all that changed when the golden bird showed back up . 
 after listening to kol 's message vasos could n't help but slump his shoulders in defeat a little bit . 
 `` so that 's it , we 're facing an island full of monsters . '' 
 notes vasos . 
 `` so then what 's the plan ? '' 
 sander questions . 
 `` we deal with one thing at a time , first we put the wax in our ears and take care of the sirens then we 'll deal with the monsters . '' 
 the group of them grab some wax and stuff their ears the best they can before vasos heads to the helm ordering the ship to take them to the shore . 
 speedily the ship sails to the shore , at first everything seems to be going great until both sander and talis jump over the side of the ship swimming franticly towards the three haggish women . 
 vasos puts up his hands signaling sevrrir to stay on the ship then , with the biggest jump he can muster he sails off of the ship landing in the surf just in front of his friends who are still swimming towards their deaths . 
 the blood red eyes of the women bore into him out from under the green colored ratty hair ; their sharp brown fangs are dripping yellow saliva to the ground as they lick their lips at the feast to come . 
 other than that , their bodies are perfect and scantly covered . 
 for a moment vasos ca n't help but wonder what their song sounds like and little by little he gives into the temptation pulling the wax from his ears . 
 to his surprise the song sounds horrid to him ; it does n't draw him in or make him yearn to come any closer . 
 he does n't have time to think about it for long before his two friend come running out of the water straight towards the sirens with their arms spread . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 he demands pouring every bit of power he has into his own siren call . 
 abruptly they come to a halt turning towards him . 
 `` come to us , we are the ones you have been waiting for . '' 
 the sirens speak in unison . 
 again they start to walk towards the creatures but once again vasos counters their power . 
 `` do n't not listen to them ; you will not listen to them . 
 not now , not ever ! 
 now get back to the ship ! '' 
 with one quick move talis picks up sander putting him on his back and running to the ship at an unnaturally fast speed . 
 `` you 've only delayed their deaths demigod . '' 
 sneers one of the sirens . 
 `` quiet ! '' 
 vasos demands . 
 to his surprise instantly they stop the singing . 
 `` you are mine to control . '' 
 he tries experimentally . 
 visibly he can tell that they are fighting to remain in control and keep their free will . 
 `` say it ! 
 pledge yourself to me completely ! 
 i command you ! '' 
 he demands more instantly . 
 finally they give in . 
 `` we are yours to command my lord . '' 
 `` good , tell me where is the armor of achilles ? '' 
 `` he wears it . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` the lord of this island , argus panoptes the hundred eyed giant that is feared by all . '' 
 they answer in unison . 
 `` how many monsters are on the island ? '' 
 he questions unfazed by who has the armor . 
 `` dozens my lord . '' 
 `` then i command you to go forth and kill as many of them as you can . '' 
 smiles vasos evilly . 
 hesitantly they bow heading into the interior of the island , after they are gone vasos jumps into the water swimming back to the ship . 
 `` hey there lover boys are you feeling better now ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 they question in unison because of the wax in their ears . 
 miming for them to take the wax out of their ears vasos waits patiently . 
 `` i said are you lover boys feeling better ? '' 
 `` how did you resist the song ? '' 
 talis asks with some respect . 
 `` i 'm not sure , it just did n't affect me for some reason but that 's not even the amazing part , the truly marvelous thing is i was able to bring them under my command and send them to kill as many monsters as they can . '' 
 he gleefully pronounces . 
 `` alright now all we have to do is find the armor , steal it and get back to the ship . '' 
 sevrrir says . 
 `` the sirens said that argus panoptes is wearing it but i do n't know how that is even possible , he 's about ten times the size of achilles . '' 
 `` the armor is magical , it changes to fit the wearer . '' 
 answers talis . 
 `` this does not bode well for us the armor is said to be indestructible , that will give you very little places to attack . '' 
 `` how will you even get close to him ? 
 he 'll see you coming a mile away . '' 
 sander muses . 
 `` i have an idea about what we will do , first sevrrir and talis will wonder into his camp , they will assume that both of you have returned from tartarus to join them . 
 in fact he 'll probably demand that you join . 
 once that happens sander and i will sneak in and challenge him to a fight , when he accepts and all attention is on us you will both surprise attack his people , sander you join you and i will handle argus . '' 
 `` suicidal , i like it . '' 
 sander grins taking a huge drink . 
 `` i will enjoy this . '' 
 talis smiles . 
 `` shall we sevrrir ? '' 
 `` we will give you guys half a day to in grace yourselves with them , in the meantime sander and i will send the message to kol . '' 
 `` see you soon . '' 
 sevrrir sighs jumping onto talis back with his permission . 
 `` do n't be late you drunken fool . '' 
 `` do n't worry kitty cat i 'll come save you like usual . '' 
 `` we 'll be ready vasos . '' 
 sevrrir says ignoring sander . 
 `` i do n't think i heard you correctly sevrrir , what did you say ? '' 
 rolling his eyes sevrrir sighs . 
 `` we 'll be ready oh great king of the world . '' 
 `` that 's more like it . '' 
 laughs vasos . 
 `` i hate you . '' 
 sevrrir says as they jump over the ship railing and head to the shore . 
 `` i miss him already . '' 
 sniffs sander . 
 `` well the heart wants what the heart wants and i 'm sure that one day to two will sail off into the sunset happily ever after . '' 
 vasos smiles pressing the button . 
 `` well kol we have a plan , we 're sending sevrrir and talis in undercover . 
 wait did i even tell you about talis ? 
 i do n't think i did , quick note talis is an ipotane that i saved from enslavement at the hands of chyrsaor , he has joined us on our quest and is already a great friend . 
 anyhow they will ingratiate themselves with a hundred eyed giant named argus panoptes , then we 'll go in and i will challenge him to a single combat match . 
 while i 'm fighting him the others will take his followers by surprise . 
 wish us luck buddy we 're really going to need it on this one . 
 if we finish quickly we will speed to your aid , good luck my friend . '' 
 `` honestly vasos do you really think we can do this ? '' 
 sander questions sadly . 
 `` honestly sander ? 
 no , with that many monsters we do n't have much of a chance . 
 our powers wo n't work on all of them , that 's why i hope you will understand what i 'm about to do . '' 
 before sander knows it vasos has him by the throat and with the most powerful hit he can muster knocks him out . 
 `` i 'm sorry little brother but on this one i have to do things alone , do n't worry i 'll make sure the others are safe and survive . '' 
 glumly vasos ties sander to the mast , then walking back to the railing he stares back at the island . 
 `` so this is what it comes down to . 
 mother if you can hear me i need your guidance . '' 
 `` i am always listening for your voice my son , it has taken a little too long for you to ask for my help . '' 
 aphrodite smiles hugging him close . 
 `` you are n't allowed to help me during this quest mother , i called to you because i wanted to hug you and tell you i love you . 
 also , i have to ask you do you know what the secret is that has been hidden from kol and i ? '' 
 `` son you and kol must forget what you have heard , it is not safe for you to be speaking of such things , now let us speak of your plan , there is no need for you to sacrifice yourself . 
 your friends are here for you , to help you , something both you and kol must learn is that you can not just take the responsibility of everything alone . '' 
 she scolds slightly . 
 `` we bear the burden of the quests and the family we have come to love attached to them . '' 
 `` maybe but that does not mean you are alone , allow your friends to help you my son and remember what i said , you get that stubbornness from your father . 
 let 's hope that you can beat the odds the way he could . '' 
 she says hugging him one last time before separating into a bunch of doves that fly off . 
 `` who 's my father ?! '' 
 he yells but it 's too late she 's already gone . 
 chapter 42 `` he 's insane . '' 
 curios says as the message ends . 
 `` there 's no way that this plan of his will work . '' 
 `` it 'll never get that far . '' 
 frowns kol . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 questions hallthor . 
 `` if i were vasos i would make sure that none of you would endanger yourselves , i do n't know what he 's planning but i can guarantee he wo n't let the others help him . '' 
 answers kol . 
 `` you demigods are so stubborn . '' 
 floggen mumbles . 
 `` we need to get there to help him . '' 
 kol decides . 
 `` what about the quest ? '' 
 hallthor asks thoughtfully . 
 `` what about it ? 
 there 's no time line is there ? '' 
 he snaps . 
 suddenly their ship lurches forward rising out of the water and sailing towards the stars , holding on for dear life the four of them watch as a multi colored bridge forms under the ship transporting them to asgard . 
 slowly the ship lowers into the perfectly clear water surrounding asgard , with a flash of light heimdall appears on the deck of the ship . 
 `` i have watched you for a long time kol and i have heard your plans , you can not be allowed to go to vasos ' aid unless you finish yours first . 
 these quests are meant to test you both , i understand you want to help vasos but both of you must complete the quests you are on before you meet that is the will of the gods . 
 your loyalty and friendship to one another has moved me though , no other test of your character is needed . 
 you may enter asgard . '' 
 `` thank you lord heimdall for allowing us to pass . '' 
 kol bows . 
 `` do not thank me yet young one , loki knows that you are here and why you have come . '' 
 `` then where are my manners ? 
 i should n't keep my father waiting . '' 
 kol smiles evilly . 
 `` fair thee well kol . '' 
 heimdall states before looking at floggen for a long time . 
 `` be warned that i will be watching all of you and if your actions threaten to hurt any of the gods even loki i will stop you . '' 
 `` understood . '' 
 everyone agrees in unison . 
 with a final nod heimdall disappears resuming his post overseeing the rest of the gods and leaving the others to their quest . 
 `` loki will have some surprises waiting for us . '' 
 curios says . 
 `` i 'm sure my father will , when we reach his palace do n't believe anything that you see or feel and when it comes down to the final deed do not interfere i must face him alone . '' 
 kol says stepping off the boat onto the bridge . 
 `` well let 's get going . '' 
 floggen says jumping all the way from the ship deck to the bridge in one leap surprising everyone . 
 `` thought you did n't want to get involved with any of the gods ? '' 
 questions curios rising on some water up to the bridge . 
 `` yeah short stuff what happened did you finally put on your big boy pants ? '' 
 snickers hallthor . 
 `` it took a while to find them after i left them at your moms . '' 
 floggen snaps as hallthor flies next to him . 
 `` well you 're never short on humor at least . '' 
 hallthor laughs . 
 `` come on girls we 've got some hair to find . '' 
 kol giggles flying into the air with curios in the magic bubble . 
 they get lost in the beauty of asgard as they pass through the city , the towers are silver and pearl with wonderful windows reflecting their images back at them . 
 the water is flowing up the side of several buildings in the center of the city and then coming down in a constant rain on a beautiful garden with streams weaving their way through the city . 
 the clouds hang low at the top of the tower ranging in colors from pink to orange . 
 then finally at the edge of the city they see loki 's citadel , unlike the rest of asgard loki 's palace is black with massive twin towers and windows made of ice . 
 the giant gates are grey metal with skulls carved into the door themselves . 
 as they land the gates open for them without anyone being around . 
 `` well that 's ominous . '' 
 curios giggles nervously . 
 `` welcome home kol . '' 
 comes loki 's voice . 
 `` it 's a shame that you have come here as my enemy . '' 
 `` we are not your enemies father , i came because i have been ordered by the gods . '' 
 `` still playing as their little errand boy are we ? '' 
 he laughs humorously . 
 quickly kol turns from loki throwing several magical daggers which loki blocks just in time . 
 `` did you really think your ruse would fool me father ? '' 
 he questions as the fake image of loki on the ground fades . 
 loki floats watching him with new found respect for a second before answering . 
 `` clearly i underestimated you kol , but have i misjudged your friends ? '' 
 all of a sudden everyone except floggen disappears from sight . 
 `` what have you done with my friend 's father ? '' 
 kol growls . 
 `` friends ? 
 please , these friends of yours , did n't they attack and try to kill you ? '' 
 `` they were under od 's control . '' 
 `` so yes they did , sounds like true friends to me . '' 
 laughs loki . 
 floggen surprises everyone by jumping at loki and nearly grabbing him out of the air but just in time loki vanishes reappearing on the ground near kol . 
 `` you are pushing your boundaries you ugly little creep . '' 
 loki grumbles . 
 `` come down and say that to my face ! '' 
 yells floggen defiantly . 
 before loki can answer , kol whips around hitting him with his staff so hard loki flies thirty feet into the wall of his castle . 
 `` now father you will give me back my friends . '' 
 kol demands . 
 `` you want them so badly son ? 
 find them yourself . '' 
 loki grins evilly waving his hand . 
 the world goes tipsy and kol finds himself in a maze with a ceiling so he ca n't fly , loki 's voice echoes through the labyrinth . 
 `` welcome to my prison son , if you want your friends to live i 'd find them quickly there are pretty nasty creatures down there . '' 
 `` you 'll pay for this father ! '' 
 `` kol the punisher , that 's your moniker , is it not ? 
 are you going to punish me son ? '' 
 laughs loki . 
 `` you 'll find out soon enough lord loki . '' 
 kol yells running down the corridors taking twists and turns as quickly as he can while yelling his friend 's names . 
 hallthor had tried to escape the maze but no matter how hard he tried nothing worked , even his magical hammers could n't make a dent in the thick stone walls . 
 finally he gave up and figured that he better try and solve the maze , he had to get back to his friends . 
 as he walked the endless corridors he was sure that vaguely he heard kol calling his name . 
 `` kol ?! '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` hallthor ! 
 we need to get out of here ! 
 where 's curios ? '' 
 he yelled following the voice . 
 the two of them hollered and yelled until running full force then hit each other head on knocking each other over and laughing hysterically until a giant axe made of ice came swinging down at them . 
 at the last second the axe turns into water splashing them both in the face , as they watch the tips of the trident exit his chest dissolving the frost creature into water . 
 `` hey guys did you miss me ? '' 
 smiles curios . 
 `` you know we did . '' 
 kol says happily getting to his feet and pulling hallthor to his . 
 startling them loki 's voice fills the chamber . 
 `` do n't worry i wo n't . '' 
 he says as a sword slices through curios body nearly cleaving it in half . 
 `` noooo ! '' 
 kol yells running to curios , but it 's too late loki is gone leaving him holding the dead body of the man he came to know as a brother . 
 `` loki !!!!! i 'm going to find you and tear you apart a little at a time !!!! '' hallthor yells . 
 silence is their response , the only noise that is audible at all in the maze is their sobs as they watch the dark wings of thanatos wrap around curios body pulling him to the underworld . 
 `` let 's find loki and make sure he gets what 's coming to him , heimdall can do what he likes to me but one way or another loki will pay . '' 
 kol screams . 
 `` do you hear me loki ?! '' 
 hallthor and kol get up and run through the corridor intent on finding loki , as the two of them scurry off loki reappears watching them run . 
 `` i hear you son and believe me before this day is through you will be all alone with no one to turn to but me . '' 
 after five frost giants , three giant serpents , four cerberus and six dark elves hallthor and kol stop for a quick breather . 
 `` this place is endless . '' 
 hallthor points out . 
 `` he has to be here somewhere , he 's too arrogant not to be here . '' 
 `` you 're right son . '' 
 loki laughs as his face appears in a wall . 
 both of the demigods attack with all the power at their disposal but it 's all for not , without noticing it loki has separated the two of them with a clear wall . 
 they realize what 's happening too late , hallthor turns trying to break the clear wall only to find that he 's trap in a cube with no way out . 
 kol rushes to his aid hitting the walls over and over hoping to free him but to his horror the walls do n't budge as the inside of the cube feels with water slowly . 
 with kol watching hallthor struggles and gasps for air until after a couple of minutes he stops moving as kol keeps pounding on the wall with tears in his eyes . 
 `` father !!!! '' kol roars dropping to his knees . 
 `` you see now son ? 
 nobody beats me , nobody . 
 your surrogate family is gone , i am what you have . 
 your choices are join me or die , what do you decide ? 
 i make this offer only once . '' 
 loki laughs enjoying his own son 's pain . 
 `` are you really so evil that you delight in your own son 's pain ? '' 
 `` i am a god of evil , make me proud kol , join me and you will delight in the pain of others the way i do . '' 
 `` i will make you proud father because right now i am delighting in the knowledge that for once you have lost at your own game , that 's right father . 
 you have been fooled , none of us were here and in fact i have already taken back lady sif 's hair , goodbye father enjoy your defeat . '' 
 laughs kol disappearing from sight . 
 the three demigods are heading as quickly as they can back to the city of asgard , but loki 's magic is working against them . 
 the air is thick like sludge forcing them to the ground so they ca n't use flight anymore . 
 the moment they land the three of them run as fast as they can towards the city . 
 `` hold on . '' 
 kol says , quickly he raises the hair into the air . 
 `` i am kol son of loki and thor , i have completed the second quest . '' 
 light engulfs kol for a moment as odin steps out into the air above them with lady sif and lord thor . 
 `` welcome to asgard kol , you have done well . '' 
 the hair floats out of his hands and merges with the rest of lady sif 's hair giving it a beauty beyond what it already had . 
 as they watch loki runs up only to turn away quickly and fly back to his castle in the distance afraid to anger odin . 
 `` the second quest is complete , go now and meet with vasos . 
 once he has completed his second quest the two of you must begin the two quests that are for you both . 
 your friends may travel with you until the start of the quest when the gods will transport you to the beginning of your first challenge , take that time for all of you to celebrate together . 
 now go with the gods ' blessings . '' 
 `` we did it . '' 
 celebrates hallthor jumping up and down with glee . 
 `` yes we did . '' 
 smiles kol . 
 `` i could n't have done it without you guys , thank you both . '' 
 `` hey we 're family remember ? '' 
 curios asks happily as the three of them fly towards the ship carried by kol . 
 minutes later they are on the deck of the ship sailing slowly towards the exit from asgard back to midgard . 
 kol is content to just sit back and watch his brothers for the time being happy that they are all alive and well . 
 the one thing that troubles him is not knowing if vasos is okay or not , as he day dreams about all the things that could be going wrong he forgets about the world around him . 
 `` look out ! '' 
 yells curios shoving kol to the floor of the deck . 
 turning around kol sees loki holding a dagger to curios throat . 
 `` well played son , you had me totally fooled . 
 there may be hope for you yet the only thing you need is a hole in your heart , so behold the beginning of the darkness that will grow inside you ! '' 
 he yells killing curios before kol 's eyes then disappearing . 
 the yells , screams and cries shatter the air carrying the pain of hallthor and kol all the way to asgard . 
 seconds later thor and sif are there staring gravely at kol and hallthor cradling curios limp body close to them . 
 shooting a bolt of lightning into the air thor walks over to them . 
 `` my sons , it is a hard thing to lose a brother . 
 trust me i know , my own brother balder was lost to loki 's evil . 
 do not let the hate take root it is exactly what he wants . '' 
 `` ca n't you bring him back father ? '' 
 questions hallthor . 
 `` no my son , the norns have cut the string . '' 
 `` do not fear young demigods , curios has earned a place in elysium . '' 
 thanatos ' voice echoes over the deck as his wings wrap around curios making his body disappear . 
 `` what happened ? 
 what 's elysium ? '' 
 questions kol anxiously . 
 `` it is the place the heroes go for the greeks , it is a never ending paradise . '' 
 sif says hugging kol and hallthor close . 
 `` i am sorry i doubted you kol , you are a good man and i am proud that you are my surrogate son . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 sniffs kol trying to get his tears under control . 
 `` i wish you had time to grieve my sons but you must go , loki will try to hurt you both as long as you are here but he wo n't interfere with the quests . 
 make haste to vasos on the island of the sirens and begin your next quests , go with our blessings . '' 
 thor and sif sail into the air leaving them with their pain . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 floggen asks quietly trying to hide his tears . 
 kol stares off into the distance crying a little longer before he straightens his face . 
 `` now we go and help vasos , i will not lose anymore brothers . '' 
 chapter 43 vasos had gone back and forth on what to do , every instinct that he had told him to not risk the others , this was his quest and after everything they had been through he could n't bear the thought of losing his friends . 
 he had already come up with a plan that he was pretty sure would work ; he figured that he would leave sander here tied to the mast where it was safe . 
 then he would go to the island and brazenly challenge argus in front of whatever monsters were left , then using his siren call he could speak an order that would force all of the monsters including his friends to just watch . 
 that would make sure talis and sevrrir stayed safe whether or not he won . 
 vasos even dove into the water to start the plan but then he climbed back on board the ship and agonized over the decision again . 
 maybe his mother was right , how much of his spartan training was still ingrained in him ? 
 could it be that he was still just fixated on the soldier code he had learned ? 
 he was n't sure anymore and because of that for the first time in years he wondered who his father was and what happened to him . 
 staring at the fading sun vasos knew he had to make a choice soon , sander would n't stay knocked out forever . 
 it was like sander could hear his thoughts all at once his eyes shot open staring at vasos with an angry look . 
 `` are you kidding me ? '' 
 `` before you over react let me explain . '' 
 sander looks down at the ropes tying him to the mast . 
 `` please explain . '' 
 `` i did this for you . '' 
 `` ah you should n't have . '' 
 sander says sarcastically . 
 `` i mean that i wanted to keep you safe so the plan was to knock you out and then force the others with my siren call to stay out of the fight , that way all of you would be safe and alive no matter what happened . '' 
 `` that 's so kind and caring of you vasos , charging in nobly to meet your death against impossible odds . 
 tell me vasos , was it during that fight with chyrsaor that you got your over inflated ego ? '' 
 `` i was just trying to keep you safe jerk . '' 
 `` by forcing us to lose a man we have come to think of as our brother ? 
 i 'd rather charge in by your side and possibly die than be stuck here to the mast and know you died while i could n't do anything to stop it . '' 
 sander admits . 
 vasos is all choked up staring at sander as the thick vines growing out of the ship wrap tighter around him choking off his air . 
 at the same moment the vines pull apart the ropes holding sander setting him free . 
 `` by all rights i should knock you out , tie you up and leave you here while we do the quest without you . 
 i 'm sure the others would agree with me that if you are going to be reckless we should keep you out of the fight completely . '' 
 sander reasons smugly . 
 in response vasos breaks free from the vines grabbing sander and throwing him into the wall of the cabin . 
 `` i 'd like to see you try . '' 
 `` listen . 
 i understand you want to protect us but did you ever think of how we would have felt ? 
 did you even consider it ? 
 we 're a family vasos you said it yourself and families do n't quit on each other especially when they 're needed the most . '' 
 sander resolves walking up to vasos . 
 `` you ... you 're right , i just do n't think i 'm strong enough to keep all of you safe . '' 
 `` no you 're not . '' 
 sander agrees . 
 `` but we are . '' 
 vasos ' look softens as he smiles at sander . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` now let 's get a good night 's sleep and get this done in the morning , after some drinking of course . '' 
 sander winks gulping down some wine . 
 `` i think you 've rested enough on my account sander and it 's a good thing because we 're going to head out tonight and take them by surprise . '' 
 `` you 've got another plan i hope ? '' 
 `` a doozy , we 'll have to move quickly and i 'll need your help . '' 
 the swim to the land was easy since vasos was able to jump nearly the whole distance to the shore , it was a little scary to sander that vasos ' powers were growing at such as fast rate . 
 he wondered how much more his own powers would grow or if they even would , he thought about asking vasos if he did something special to make his grow but thought better of it when he saw him wrestling with a hell hound . 
 `` a little help ? '' 
 he questions struggling to hold on . 
 `` sure , no problem . '' 
 vines sprout from the ground wrapping around the creature until the creature is stuck in place . 
 `` that was easier than i thought , now all we have to do is find as many of the creatures as we can and do the same thing . '' 
 vasos says cheerfully . 
 all night they had worked to find every creature on the island that they could and all though they had found at least twenty monsters vasos knew that could n't be all of them . 
 slowly the sun crept into the sky lighting the island little by little as vasos and sander crept into a cave to rest for a moment . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 questions sander with a huge yawn . 
 `` now i fight argus . '' 
 `` i was hoping that we could rest a little bit , i 'm so tired i 'm not sure i could be any real use in a fight . '' 
 `` drink some more wine and you 'll feel fine i 'm sure . '' 
 vasos yawns himself . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 at first vasos was n't sure that they would be able to find the strong hold but that fear was quickly alleviated when they heard the screams and grunts emanating from the center of the island . 
 `` are you ready to do this vasos ? '' 
 questions sander looking over the massive crowd of monsters running around fighting and tearing apart a large unidentifiable animal they are feasting on . 
 `` i have to be , just remember your part to play in this little skit . '' 
 vasos says determined . 
 `` there 's what ? 
 only fifty or sixty of them ? '' 
 `` i 'll be ready . '' 
 `` good , then it 's time for my big entrance . '' 
 vasos says jumping high into the air and landing in the middle of the encampment surprising and scattering the monsters . 
 `` argus panoptes !! 
 come and face me !!! '' 
 `` why have you risked death coming to my home and who are you ? '' 
 roars a loud deep voice . 
 `` i am vasos son of aphrodite and you have something i must obtain on my quest from the gods . '' 
 answers vasos . 
 `` so it is not me you have come for but my armor instead and you thought what ? 
 that i would just hand it over to you ? '' 
 `` this quest was from both hera and zeus . '' 
 he answers . 
 `` and what do i care of hera or zeus ? 
 i served hera faithfully for years even risking my life to keep that nymph from zeus and what did she do ? 
 when zeus sent hermes to kill me she did n't warn me and after i was killed she let me rot in tartarus with the other monsters never bringing me back . 
 as for zeus what more do i need to say ? 
 he ordered me killed . '' 
 argus says stepping into the light from his home in a giant cave in front of vasos which is decorated by bones of those that came before him . 
 argus is easily thirteen feet tall with a bald head that was covered in yellow eyes hungry to see everything . 
 the hundred eyes stared at him trembling in anger , they were everywhere what did n't fit on his head was squeezed in on his neck and torso . 
 the rest of his body was clear of eyes but that did n't make it any less impressive , his rippling muscles were bulging and intimidating but what made it truly awe inspiring is that on his arms , chest and legs the gold armor of achilles melded into his skin becoming one with everything it touched . 
 `` whether you honor the gods or not , you will give me that armor . '' 
 vasos demands confidently . 
 `` look around demigod , how exactly do you think you will accomplish that ? '' 
 `` like this . '' 
 vasos says holding up his hands and in one giant move twenty of the strongest monsters walk in unison to stand behind vasos . 
 `` attack ! '' 
 in a colossal rush of roaring anger vasos ' forces attack as the chaos whirls around him vasos stares at argus extending his hand motioning him to face him . 
 argus walks forward with murder in all of his eyes which makes vasos laugh for a moment until he sees a giant lion hop in front of argus swiping at him with an enormous claw . 
 to sevrrir 's disappointment the claw just bounces off the armor without doing any damage at all , with a forceful backhand argus knocks sevrrir so hard he flies into the jungle disappearing from sight . 
 `` i do n't need my sword to defeat you vasos . '' 
 he states sheathing his sword . 
 `` hera made me with strength that could rival even hercules at the time he was a demigod , i 'm going to rip you apart with my bare hands , but if you wish to use your weapon feel free it will gain you nothing against my armor . '' 
 tossing his axe to the side . 
 `` come then argus , claim your prize and add my bones to your door if you can . '' 
 argus moves deceptively fast for his size , attacking vasos with a flurry of punches that batters his arms as he blocks them . 
 dodging a fist at the last second , vasos ducks under the attack landing an uppercut that throws argus back a few feet . 
 `` not bad vasos you are stronger than you look . '' 
 smiles argus rubbing his chin . 
 `` i 'm just getting warmed up . '' 
 vasos boasts out loud but inside he is feeling tired already . 
 `` we shall see . '' 
 argus leers attacking harder than he did before . 
 the moves he 's using this time are different and more intricate penetrating vasos ' defenses little by little landing more hits and driving him backwards . 
 before he knows it , argus has him in the air above his head getting ready to break his back on his knee but to his surprise he suddenly finds himself on the floor looking up at argus defending himself from a flurry of sword attacks from talis . 
 most of the attacks simply bounce off of the enchanted armor but a few hit skin drawing crimson lines of blood . 
 for a moment vasos thinks that talis might be able to pull it off but he is robbed of that hope when suddenly argus ' sword explodes from talis back , to his horror argus lifts him up throwing him to the side . 
 `` look around vasos you are alone . '' 
 laughs argus sheathing his sword again . 
 fearfully vasos forces himself to look around where he finds the last thing he wanted to see . 
 off to his right sevrrir is badly wounded and barely on his feet bravely defending sander 's unconscious body from a chimera , visibly vasos can see that sander is bleeding from several wounds including a nasty gash on his head and he 's not moving at all . 
 there are only a few creatures of argus ' left but they are already rallying together to finish them off . 
 `` make your choice vasos , will you run to the aid off your fallen comrade and turn your back on me , or will you attack me and doom your friend to the underworld ? '' 
 questions argus . 
 before he can make the choice the golden bird lands in between the two combatants confusing argus . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 `` it 's our messenger bird . '' 
 answers kol 's voice from above them . 
 argus looks up only to be blinded by several bolts of lightning flashing from the clear blue sky destroying the creatures that were ready to attack , leaving argus alone . 
 at the same moment sevrrir and sander rise into air into the safety of kol 's magic bubble . 
 `` this changes nothing ! '' 
 screams argus pulling out his sword again . 
 `` finish him brother ! '' 
 yells kol . 
 `` yes vasos finish me . '' 
 taunts argus for a second before he jumps to the side trying to dodge . 
 with a clank vasos ' axe hits the back of argus ' armor getting lodged just out of his reach . 
 `` not fast enough argus . '' 
 `` little good it does vasos , it still could n't get through my armor . '' 
 states argus . 
 `` it just needs a little help that 's all . '' 
 vasos moves faster than he ever has before in so much that only kol is able to follow the movement . 
 quick as light he is behind argus glowing with power and lifting him off the floor by the axe buried in the armor then with all his might he slams him down into the floor penetrating the armor and cleaving him in half returning him to the underworld . 
 as argus ' essence returns to tartarus the armor empties rolling around on the floor . 
 all vasos wants to do is check on his friends but he knows that he has to finish this quest first . 
 walking up to the armor he gathers it up holding above his head as he unenthusiastically says . 
 `` i am vasos son of aphrodite and i have completed the second quest . '' 
 he says unable to take his eyes off talis ' body . 
 the sky opens up with light shining over vasos . 
 `` i am zeus father of olympus . 
 you have completed the quest and earned your name in the halls of mount olympus forevermore . 
 we are proud of you vasos ; now after a day of rest and celebration with your comrades you and kol shall begin the final quests . 
 go with our blessings . '' 
 as the light fades vasos runs to talis ' body , to his surprise he finds talis still alive but only just . 
 `` we did it vasos did n't we , tell me that you won , and tell me that i 'm not dying for nothing . '' 
 he whispers coughing up a little blood . 
 kol and the others lower to the ground near him but keep their distance as they tend to the wounds of the others . 
 `` i beat him talis , but hold on we 'll get you help . '' 
 `` it 's too late for me my friend thank you for freeing me and now i can proudly enter the underworld having died by my own choices and no one else 's . 
 take care vasos , finish the quests and become a hero of legend . '' 
 and with that talis faded into ash returning to the underworld himself . 
 looking up at kol with tears in his eyes vasos silently questions about the others . 
 kneeling next to him with a hand on his shoulder . 
 `` they will survive . '' 
 looking around he questions . 
 `` what happened ? 
 someone is missing from your team . '' 
 `` curios is dead , killed by loki . '' 
 kol answers quietly with tears in his eyes . 
 `` i 'm so sorry kol . '' 
 he says trying to comfort him with a hug . 
 `` we should leave . '' 
 floggen insists . 
 `` more monsters may be returning from the underworld as we speak . '' 
 `` it 's time to pay your favor to me . '' 
 erupts a female voice from nowhere as vasos and kol are engulfed in a maelstrom of energy . 
 `` no ! '' 
 yells floggen and hallthor running to their aid . 
 time slows and the two of them watch as vasos and kol fade becoming one with the energy around them disappearing completely . 
 `` where do you think the goddess took them ? '' 
 questions sevrrir limping over . 
 `` if kol was right then somewhere in asgard i 'm sure . '' 
 answers hallthor . 
 abruptly the small clearing fills with light as thor and hercules appear looking angry and on guard prepared to fight . 
 `` where are vasos and kol ? '' 
 demands hercules stomping towards them . 
 quickly they explain everything that happened with the goddess and what happened in the clearing . 
 after they are done the two gods talk off to the side for a while . 
 `` where 's floggen ? '' 
 questions hallthor . 
 `` who ? '' 
 asks sander rubbing his head . 
 `` the little guy that was with us . '' 
 `` he disappeared right before the gods showed up . '' 
 sighs sevrrir staring intently at the gods . 
 joining his stare hallthor ca n't take it any longer walking up to the two gods who appear to be arguing hallthor interrupts . 
 `` so all we need to do is find out who the norse goddess is right ? '' 
 both of them stop to stare at him . 
 `` whoever it was that took them has hid them well son . '' 
 sighs thor . 
 `` both myself and hercules have contacted the other gods but no one not even odin or zeus can find them , they have been removed from our sight . 
 kol and vasos are gone . '' 
