 the energy room by styna lane the energy room styna lane copyright 2013 by christyna whatman smashwords edition copyright © 2013 christyna whatman lyric copyright © 1992 john l. whatman & brian earley all rights reserved , including the right of reproduction in whole or in part in any form . 
 all characters and events in this publication are fictitious , and any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , or real events are entirely coincidental . 
 isbn-13 : 978-1484902622 revised edition edited by ryan mcdonald dedicated to my father , john lane whatman . 
 `` the time has come to say farewell to a life i knew so well time to break these chains that are holding me down . 
 i walk away , not look back and wipe the tears from my eyes thinking of my little girl i 'll never leave behind . '' 
 - aesthesia , firm place to stand table of contents ☼ chapter one monsters , shackles , and pancakes ☼ chapter two airborne anti-psychotics ☼ chapter three adolescent rascality ☼ chapter four infinite whiteness ☼ chapter five sweet dreams , angela dawson ☼ chapter six butterflies and cockroaches ☼ chapter seven jealous little hamster ☼ chapter eight wardrobe malfunction ☼ chapter nine burning ☼ chapter ten lava ☼ chapter eleven jaloux petit hamster , reprise ☼ chapter twelve shrinking affection ☼ chapter thirteen surprise , darling ☼ chapter fourteen in honor of angela dawson ☼ chapter fifteen quake ☼ chapter sixteen in honor of edward stein ☼ chapter seventeen effective ☼ chapter eighteen sand castles ☼ chapter nineteen the bond ☼ chapter twenty lily of the valley ☼ chapter twenty-one the lost generation ☼ chapter one monsters , shackles , and pancakes i awoke suddenly to a loud screeching directly in my right ear . 
 i jumped from my tangle of sheets , lunging unswervingly at the throat of the monster that was surely planning to kill me , bashing it against the wall as hard as i possibly could . 
 as i watched the pieces of its innards fall to the lush , white carpet around my feet , i realized there were no droplets of warm blood , no pieces of bruised flesh . 
 confusion quickly turned to embarrassment as i stared down at the cord hanging from my hands , the beaten alarm clock dangling defenselessly a foot above the floor . 
 a mumbled curse found its way sleepily out of my mouth as i turned on my heels toward the door . 
 i stopped to glance in a mirror hanging from one of the four white , punishing walls . 
 a puffy-eyed creature stared back at me through a mess of knotted , blonde hair . 
 i snorted , pushing the strands off of my face and securing them back into a loose bun using the elastic band , which always found its home around my wrist . 
 a dark , red indent was left in its place , beneath what i could only describe as a shackle . 
 the proper name for them was ` electro-cuffs ' , and the small , green lights on top of both of them were constant reminders of the pain they could cause me . 
 chilled , i pulled a shapeless sweatshirt out of a random drawer next to the mirror ; it fell lifelessly , just over the bottom of my shorts . 
 i nodded in approval , as the creature in the mirror transformed into a typical girl who had recently woken up , and who had n't dramatically slain her alarm clock . 
 i sighed as i pulled the bedroom door open , dragging my feet into the small , white apartment , which felt more like a jail than a home . 
 the enchanting smell of strong coffee weaved its way into my nostrils , drawing me straight into the kitchen , which was only a step away from the white sofa in the living room . 
 i poured myself a mug of what really ought to have been considered the nectar of life , and stood there for a moment , sipping the scalding liquid . 
 i squinted at the small , green numbers on the microwave . 
 a feeling somewhere between irritation and confusion struck , as ` 7:45 ' peered back at me . 
 what could have possibly warranted my waking up so early ? 
 i stared into the shadowy liquid of the mug , trying to remember the happenings of the previous day . 
 i was just starting to remember someone saying something about something or another , when a loud , static sound emitted from the ceiling , startling me into trickling a bit of coffee down my front . 
 `` good morning , angela , '' a strict , male voice with an english accent called over a concealed speaker . 
 `` morning , william , '' i said angrily , struggling to fake sincerity while i ineffectively brushed dark stains from my shirt . 
 `` what gives me the pleasure of hearing your lovely voice so early in the day ? '' 
 `` we 're bringing in a new psychologist for you to meet with . 
 alvin waldreck ? 
 we had a conversation about this yesterday , '' william said , raising and lowering the tone of his voice at precisely the right moments to make me feel like a complete idiot . 
 `` ohh , '' i sighed , remembering being told the night before . 
 it had been more of a lecture than a real conversation , and i always found it rather difficult to pay attention during lectures . 
 `` right . 
 alvin . 
 shrink . 
 yeah . '' 
 `` psychologist . 
 please be polite this time . 
 we 're running out of candidates who meet the standards for this type of research , '' william said , obviously a bit frustrated . 
 `` how horrible , '' i murmured sarcastically , taking a sip for the half-empty mug . 
 `` what time will he be here ? '' 
 no sooner had i asked , than there was a loud , cautious knock at the door . 
 my eyes widened as i sat the mug safely down on the counter , before i could crush it in my angry grip . 
 `` he 's here now ?! '' 
 i hissed at the ceiling . 
 anyone who did n't know about the speaker system would have had no problem brushing me off as absolutely insane . 
 i would n't have blamed them . 
 `` yes , well ... had you paid any amount of attention last night , you would have known that he was due to arrive at 8:00 a.m. , '' william said , probably satisfied with my being caught off-guard . 
 `` do n't be rude , let your guest in . '' 
 slumping my shoulders forward , i glared angrily at the small camera in the corner of the ceiling , which would have been easy for untrained eyes to overlook . 
 i shuffled through the kitchen to the white door and glimpsed through the peep hole . 
 not only had william taken me by surprise with the time of day my ` guest ' would arrive , but also by the guest himself . 
 alvin waldreck . 
 picture an elderly man with wild , gray hair , and small , square glasses hanging from a large , bulbous nose , the smell of menthol emanating from him as he puffed on a fancy pipe . 
 brown , tweed suit , corresponding leather briefcase , and penny loafers , which went out of style ages ago . 
 he probably had a lot of grandchildren who sat on his lap at holidays and listened to him tell stories about the old country in his funny accent . 
 he probably had to hold onto a handle in the shower to keep from falling down . 
 now , flush that image down the crapper , and picture an attractive man in his mid-twenties with ear-length locks of wavy , mahogany hair , and eyes as blue as a tornado would be if tornadoes were , in fact , blue . 
 not wearing a suit , but jeans and a blazer , which perfectly fit his lean build . 
 no suitcase , but a worn messenger bag , which probably followed him through high-school and college ; through heartbreak and noodle-based malnutrition . 
 i scrambled to unlock the door , staring in awe for a moment as i looked over , what was allegedly , my new psychologist ; i was n't buying it . 
 `` angela dawson ? '' 
 he asked in a melodically masculine voice . 
 he greeted me with a smile and a handshake , but i did n't return either . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 was all i managed to get out of the mouth that i realized had been agape since i glanced through the peephole , before shaking myself back to sanity . 
 `` oh , yeah . 
 hi . '' 
 i reached out for his hand . 
 it was warm and soft , but strong . 
 my eyes started to fog over . 
 for just a moment , i could see ... `` ouch ! 
 son of a -- '' i cursed in pain as a mild , though unexpected , shock of electricity began at my wrists and coursed all the way up through my arms . 
 `` uh ... are you okay ? '' 
 alvin asked cautiously , clearly startled by my extremely senseless reaction to his handshake . 
 he noticed the metal bonds on each of my wrists and took an apprehensive step back . 
 `` she 's fine , mr. waldreck . 
 please come in , '' william 's voice said from the ceiling , as i absent-mindedly rubbed my wrists . 
 i walked to the undersized couch just a few feet away , leaving the door open behind me for alvin to follow . 
 my manners were less than decent , but after being somewhat electrocuted , i did n't particularly care . 
 alvin followed slowly , quietly closing the door before making the short trip to the living room . 
 he sat on the very edge of the white recliner across from me , as if he felt he might have to make a quick escape . 
 his bright eyes , which were happy enough when i had opened the door , had quickly filled with fear , and lingered on my wrists . 
 at that point , i realized he had no idea what he was getting himself into . 
 `` mr. waldreck , thank you so much for meeting with us today . 
 i 'm sorry that i have yet to speak to you personally . 
 i 'm afraid i have a very busy schedule , '' william 's voice called at us from overhead . 
 alvin 's eyes finally left me , trying to find the body from which the voice was coming , before blankly falling back onto me for an explanation . 
 i simply pointed to a speaker placed in the middle of the ceiling , which had been convincingly camouflaged with white paint . 
 he nodded in understanding . 
 `` it 's my pleasure , mr. slate . 
 and please , call me al , '' the young man said , his voice cracking a bit as he undoubtedly began to wonder what he 'd become a part of . 
 ` al ' i said inside my own head , smiling to myself a bit at the thought of someone his age named alvin . 
 ` he must have been teased very badly when he was younger , ' i thought . 
 i imagined him with thick-rimmed glasses , a piece of white tape binding them together at the bridge . 
 i caught myself actually beginning to smile at the man across from me . 
 before i could look away out of embarrassment , he grinned back at me , making me feel a bit less like a massive creeper . 
 `` very good ... al. '' it must have caused william physical pain to address someone informally . 
 i had always encouraged him to call me angie , as everyone else did , but he could never quite bring himself to do it . 
 in fact , i could n't remember ever hearing him call anyone by a nickname . 
 `` i 'm sorry that i must keep this meeting so short , but i have very important business to attend to today . 
 i trust angela will give you a decent tour of the facility . 
 her main doctor will inform you of our expectations . 
 by the end of the day , i hope that you will have made a decision as to whether or not you choose to be part of our family here , '' william recited . 
 i sat up a bit straighter at william 's words ; al was n't actually part of the team yet . 
 they 'd brought him to the facility without even telling him what went on within its walls . 
 surely they had told him something about his patient ? 
 what did they tell him ? 
 what did n't they tell him ? 
 i started to fidget with anxiety , when the man i 'd suddenly become very worried for spoke up . 
 `` thank you , sir . 
 i have no doubt that this is a wonderful opportunity , '' al said sincerely , speaking a bit too loudly in the direction of the speaker on the ceiling . 
 this pulled a small laugh from my lips . 
 `` indeed , it is . 
 angela , i 'm sure you 'll behave and give mr -- ... al a tour of the building , and introduce him to the teams , '' william said . 
 it was n't so much a question , as it was an order . 
 `` you betcha , willie ! '' 
 i exclaimed , knowing that it would annoy him to no end . 
 `` wonderful , '' william said in a displeased tone . 
 `` i look forward to meeting you at the end of the day , al. '' the speaker clicked off at the end of his sentence , informing us that the conversation was over . 
 there was a long period of awkward silence where i stared at al , and he pretended not to notice , as he looked around my small apartment . 
 we both started to speak up at the same time . 
 `` this is a nice place -- '' al began . 
 `` are you hungry ? '' 
 i asked , blushing slightly as i cut him off . 
 i was instantly annoyed with myself for acting so ridiculous . 
 you would have thought i had never met a member of the opposite sex before ! 
 `` it 's alright -- '' i started . 
 `` yeah -- '' he responded at the same time . 
 again , we were both surrounded by silence , before i took it upon myself to get us out of the confining room . 
 `` come on , i 'll take you down to caf 1 , and we can talk , '' i said , rising from my seat . 
 by that point , i had decided to take it easier on him than i had on the past shrinks . 
 after all , he had no clue what he was going to experience by the end of the day . 
 i could have gotten it all over with right then , but i had caused too much trouble recently and i really could n't afford to get into any more of it . 
 i had almost reached the door , when al stopped me . 
 `` do you think maybe ... '' he began , looking to the floor . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked , wondering if my new shrink was shy . 
 `` do you ... want to put on some pants ? '' 
 he asked , trying to conceal a grin as he looked up at me from under the locks of hair that perfectly framed his rigid face . 
 my eyes widened in horror , realizing i had been in boxer shorts the entire time . 
 it was n't anything i would have typically been ashamed of , but i also would n't have typically been standing in front of a very attractive stranger . 
 `` excuse me a moment . '' 
 i squeaked as i ran past him into my bedroom , haphazardly grabbing a pair of jeans from a random drawer . 
 i nearly tripped over myself trying to pull them on , when i caught a peek of my reflection in the mirror . 
 the sleepy puffiness in my eyes had gone , but i looked absolutely horrible . 
 i quickly pulled my hair down and brushed out the knots , before tying it back into a neater bun . 
 i considered makeup and changing my shirt , then told myself that he 'd already seen me at my worst , and there was no taking it back . 
 i emitted a sigh of defeat , before leaving the room to meet al again . 
 he was staring at the window on the far side of the living room , which showed a lovely back yard filled with lovely sunshine , and lovely chirping birds , and all those kinds of lovely crap . 
 he looked completely befuddled . 
 `` are n't we underground ? '' 
 he asked , turning back to me . 
 `` it 's just a hologram . 
 they think these windows will keep people from going insane , '' i answered . 
 i stuck my hand into the window , and the image blurred slightly , as holograms apparently do . 
 `` it 's easy to lose track of what 's real and what is n't , down here . '' 
 `` and how is that working out for everyone ? '' 
 al asked , sounding a bit more like a psychologist . 
 `` stick around long enough , and i 'm sure you 'll find out , '' i said , frowning at a particularly cheerful , computer-generated finch . 
 he backed away from the window , getting one last glimpse at it before we exited the sickeningly white apartment into a sickeningly white hallway , illuminated by sickening fluorescent lights . 
 the facility felt sterile and somber ; it had always reminded me of a hospital , or perhaps a mental institution . 
 five doors led to apartments exactly like mine in every way ; if not for the fact that they were all empty . 
 we followed the hall to a large , white elevator , where i pushed the down button . 
 we stood in silence , waiting for the lift to arrive . 
 my mind started to wander . 
 what had compelled them to bring a young man like al in to work with me ? 
 all of my previous shrinks had been at least forty years old . 
 i found it hard to believe that someone like al could meet the ` standards ' william had spoken of earlier . 
 they could n't have honestly expected him to possess the ability to crack a mind that had remained un-cracked for almost eighteen years . 
 what were they up to ? 
 `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 al asked as we stepped into the open elevator . 
 maybe he was more of a shrink than i had thought . 
 `` i 'm thinking that i 'll have pancakes for breakfast , '' i said , so used to lying about my thoughts that it came out without hesitation . 
 al chuckled . 
 he could n't have known me well enough to detect that i was lying . 
 maybe he wanted pancakes , as well . 
 maybe one of the things they had actually told him was not to believe anything the girl in the shackles said , that she lied about everything . 
 then i thought ... maybe i wanted waffles instead of pancakes . 
 the elevator was such a smooth ride , al asked if we were even moving . 
 i assured him that we were simply traveling so incredibly fast that it could n't be felt . 
 lie . 
 it was just an efficiently designed elevator , working with a track system in the place of pulleys . 
 we really only had to travel down two floors . 
 we arrived at floor twelve , and were welcomed by the smell of nearly every breakfast food you could imagine . 
 sausage , bacon , pancakes , waffles , porridge , cereals , fruits , hash browns , eggs , grits ... the whiteness and brightness of the facility may have been migraine-worthy , but at least we had good food , which was all grown on floor twenty , or raised on floor twenty-one . 
 al followed me to the place where a line would have been , had we not been nearly the only people awake so early . 
 there were a few stragglers sitting around caf 1 , but it was obvious that they were from night shift and had n't been to sleep yet . 
 in actuality , there were a lot of people who were already at work , but they had naturally conformed to that schedule . 
 very few people in the facility worked more than four-hour shifts , and were permitted to spend the rest of their time as they pleased . 
 those who did n't work early did n't seem to find pleasure in waking up at horrible-thirty in the morning , and i did not blame them . 
 we walked down the line of hot , fresh foods , and were free to pick whatever appealed to us . 
 i had n't been to caf 1 early enough for breakfast in a long time , but i also had the privilege of ordering food to my apartment whenever i chose . 
 breakfast -- for me -- was n't usually until around noon . 
 i threw a quick wave to paula , one of my favorite chefs , as i loaded my plate with both waffles and pancakes , unable to decide . 
 i glanced over at al , who seemed to be overwhelmed with choices . 
 he finally decided on bacon , eggs , and toast . 
 we sat at the table nearest to the door , and ate for what seemed like a very long time , before we actually started speaking . 
 `` so ... what is expected of me , then ? '' 
 al asked with a fake accent , which was obviously meant to mock william . 
 i decided right away that we would get along just fine . 
 `` well , that 's for the ` main doctor ' to explain to you . 
 do n't worry though , he 's really cool . 
 his name is eddie . 
 i guess he 's a type of doctor ... '' i trailed off , having never really thought of him as a doctor . 
 he had poked me with enough needles , i suppose . 
 `` then what are you meant to tell me ? '' 
 al asked , taking a bite of toast . 
 i thought for a long time about how to respond , pushing syrup around my plate with a fork . 
 `` how about you tell me what they told you , and i 'll fill in the blanks . '' 
 i decided this was the best approach . 
 perhaps not the best , but at least the safest . 
 well , maybe not the safest , but at least the easiest ; i was all for minimal effort . 
 `` fair enough , '' he said , dropping his toast to his plate and brushing his hands on his jeans . 
 having had a life-long disdain for napkins , i liked him even more . 
 `` they offered me a job as your personal psychologist . 
 they said you 've had trouble relating to your prior therapists . '' 
 that 's when it hit me . 
 they brought in someone young and inexperienced , hoping that i would be more likely to relate to him . 
 clever . 
 i was surprised they had n't tried that before . 
 too bad it would n't work . 
 `` they said you have suppressed memories and violent outbursts '' -- i snorted -- `` passive-aggressive tendencies , possibly post-traumatic stress '' -- more like current traumatic stress -- `` and that you 're a pathological liar , '' he rambled indifferently . 
 at this , i looked up from my plate , which had been the main focus of my attention . 
 `` i am not a pathological liar , '' i said firmly . 
 `` and why do you think that ? '' 
 al asked , taking on the familiar tone i had heard from every one of the shrinks who came before him . 
 `` because pathological liars do n't know when they 're lying , '' i stated bluntly , a slight flare of mischief in my voice . 
 al reacted in a manner that surprised me : he smiled . 
 `` that 's just what the other therapists have written in your file . 
 obviously they did something wrong , otherwise they 'd still be here , '' he said , winking at the end of his sentence . 
 i felt my cheeks burning , and had to look away . 
 `` do you know why i 'm here ? '' 
 he asked , genuinely curious about how i would answer . 
 for some reason , i was n't caught off-guard , even though nobody had ever asked me that question in the past . 
 instead , i felt a pang of sadness , or maybe guilt . 
 i thought of eddie and his family , who lived down on floor sixteen , of paula , who lived on eleven . 
 `` do you ? '' 
 i asked simply . 
 chapter two airborne anti-psychotics i scraped the remainders of my food into a bin marked ` compost ' , and placed the dirty tray on the designated metal rack . 
 al followed my lead , but i could tell he was distracted , trying to dissect my cryptic answer to his question . 
 it was n't like it was some huge mystery to figure out . 
 ` do you know why i 'm here ? ' 
 he had asked innocently enough . 
 i could have easily told him right then and there . 
 perhaps it would have been enough to save him from the potential dangers of committing his life to the facility ... or maybe he would n't even have believed me ; just the absurd ramblings of a pathological liar who had built up a world of fallacies inside her own mind . 
 best to let someone with a ph. d. answer his questions ... or , better yet , let his own eyes answer them . 
 `` tell me why i am here , '' al said , a touch of worry in his voice . 
 we left caf 1 and made our way back to the white elevator . 
 as we waited for the door to open , i turned to him . 
 `` eddie is supposed to tell you , '' i replied , trying to avoid telling him what he was eventually going to find out anyway . 
 `` no , he 's supposed to tell me what is expected of me if i take the job , '' he said , looking through my eyes into my soul . 
 `` tell me why they want me here . 
 why do you need me ? '' 
 `` you said it yourself , basically . 
 they need someone i can relate to , so i cooperate -- '' i cut myself short . 
 as we entered the elevator , heading toward floor twenty-seven , i wondered if i had said too much ... i had . 
 `` cooperate with what ? 
 no offense , but you ca n't possibly be so important that -- '' i cut him off . 
 `` you may want to consider that i 'm the only test subject in an operation with over one-hundred employees dedicated to monitoring me , before you finish that sentence , '' i snapped , keeping my eyes trained on the closed , metal doors as we plummeted . 
 it was n't that my ego was inflated ; i certainly did n't enjoy being the only patient , but it was surely something worth considering when questioning my role in the facility . 
 the atmosphere of the floor we stepped onto was completely different from the emptiness of floor twelve . 
 the white walls and floors still made their appearance , but all along the edges of the room were numerous computers and ... well , i honestly did n't know what half of the electronics in the room were called or what they did , i just knew they served a purpose , and almost always had someone fiddling with them . 
 there were no hallways on the level ; the entire floor was taken up by people and devices and things and stuff . 
 it was divided halfway back by a huge pane of indestructible glass . 
 it probably was n't glass , but i had never cared enough to ask about it . 
 behind the glass was a large , clear tank of water , one single metal walkway across the top of it . 
 i realized that al was stunned into silence , apparently not expecting to see all of this in , what he probably assumed was , a mental hospital . 
 i started to walk toward the large pane of glass , but had to turn around and wave to get al to follow me . 
 he was hesitant , but curious enough to proceed . 
 it gave me a warm feeling to see eddie on the other side of the glass , pushing buttons and giving orders like he often did . 
 eddie was in his early forties , but his faded green eyes seemed much older with a combination of wisdom and fatigue . 
 his messy , red hair , which often started the day tidy , was beginning to sprinkle with grays . 
 eddie was like a father to me , whether because he was one of the kindest people in the facility , or because i spent the majority of my life living in his house , or because i ate dinner with his family almost every night , i did n't know . 
 but when he spotted me , his eyes lit up , and i could tell that he was just as happy as i was . 
 i rapped on the glass door that was blocking us from entering the room until it slid open , jumping as it closed right behind us . 
 i did n't realize until my feet hit the cold , metal floor that i was barefoot . 
 oh well . 
 eddie rushed off the small platform of computers to greet me and give me a hug before turning to al. `` you must be alvin , it 's nice to meet you . 
 i 'm edward stein , but eddie is just fine . 
 glad to have you on the team , '' eddie said kindly , a warmth in his voice . 
 al was still taking in his surroundings , but managed to shake eddie 's hand before telling him that he preferred al over alvin . 
 `` actually , eddie , he has n't taken the job yet . 
 i 'm supposed to give him the tour and ... whatnot , '' i said quietly , just loud enough for al and eddie to hear . 
 this bit of information changed eddie 's expression drastically for just a moment , but hopefully not long enough for al to notice . 
 `` i see . 
 well , either way . 
 it 's nice to meet you , '' eddie said reassuringly . 
 `` angie , we 're not quite ready for you here yet . 
 why do n't you take al down to the village ? 
 introduce him to the family . '' 
 much like william 's order to give al a tour , this was n't a request . 
 unlike william , eddie had a distinctly polite method of giving orders , which made them seem much more pleasant to carry out . 
 he could probably tell a full-grown adult to use a litter-box , and they would happily oblige . 
 `` okay . 
 what time should we be back ? '' 
 i asked , growing more eager as the day moved on . 
 `` oh , give it about an hour or so , '' eddie said , looking around at his team for the day , then down at his watch . 
 i was surprised to see it was already 9:30 a.m. `` half of these people are new , and have no idea what the hell they 're doing , '' he said in a hushed voice , winking at me before we turned to leave . 
 `` uh , eddie ... '' al said , finally finding his words . 
 `` you 're supposed to tell me what i 'm expected to do , i believe . '' 
 eddie , in his fatherly way , took a step toward al and placed a hand on his shoulder . 
 `` we 'll get to that later , '' eddie said , giving al 's shoulder a final pat , before retreating to his computer on the small , protected platform . 
 al gave me a questioning look , as i lead the way through the glass door back to the elevator , directing us to floor sixteen . 
 i could tell he was uneasy , probably going over and over in his mind the potential situations he may have become involved in . 
 in my head , i went through what i knew that he knew : he 'd been offered a job as a personal therapist for a girl who was required to wear shackles ; this was some sort of huge , underground , research facility , and shackle-girl was apparently the only thing being researched ; people were avoiding telling him what his duties would be if he accepted the job ; there was an entire neighborhood in front of us . 
 the elevator doors opened to reveal that we were outside -- except that we really were n't . 
 if it had n't been for the elevator as a dead giveaway , there would be no way of knowing that we were n't standing in an upper class , suburban town . 
 there was real grass , sidewalks , children playing , dogs barking , sunshine -- simulated , of course -- and the walls were rigged with the same type of deceiving hologram that played in the small window of my apartment . 
 once again , al was in shock . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 al breathed , sounding not unlike a little girl who had just received a live unicorn for her birthday . 
 `` it 's the village , one of the neighborhoods in the facility , '' i answered , leading him down one of the sidewalks past identical houses with white picket fences and swimming pools . 
 `` one of ? 
 there are more of these ? '' 
 he asked , shielding his eyes against the bright sun as he tried to see the ceiling . 
 `` kind of . 
 there 's the village , the city , the pole , and the desert . 
 they were designed for the scientists ... er , doctors ... to give them a sense of reality , of home i guess . 
 it 's the same concept as my window , except on a much larger scale , '' i explained , swinging open the front gate to the last house on the street . 
 there were no cars , but the roads and garages added to the false reality , and made for brutal games of street hockey . 
 `` this is amazing , '' al said , still looking around as i knocked on the front door of a cream-colored house . 
 `` it 's something , '' i mumbled . 
 the front door opened to reveal the lovely emmy stein , the epitome of ` mother figure ' . 
 my entire life , i had been fairly certain that there was no better person than emmy . 
 she was the sweetest woman in the facility , at least . 
 she was in her early forties , like eddie , but the years had treated her more kindly than they had her husband . 
 long , glossy , blonde hair fell below her shoulders , hanging in the type of ringlets you would expect to see on a young girl . 
 she was shorter than me , which added to her likeness of a child , but her deep blue eyes showed years of wisdom , which could only come from age and experience . 
 `` oh hi , angie ! '' 
 emmy cooed , wrapping me in a warm hug . 
 `` hi , emmy . '' 
 i pulled away from the hug , smiling , `` this is al -- '' `` eddie just called down and told me . 
 al , it 's wonderful to meet you , '' emmy said , her voice so soothing that it could have been bottled and sold as a sedative . 
 she embraced al in the same hug i had received . 
 `` you too ... emmy , was it ? '' 
 he asked , appearing slightly relieved of his worried and shocked alternative . 
 `` that 's right . 
 come on in , you two ! 
 have you eaten ? '' 
 she asked , backing away from the door to let us in . 
 `` i took him to caf 1 a little while ago , yeah , '' i said , situating myself on a plush , green couch in the middle of the living room , which had much more of a homey feel than my jail of an apartment . 
 my shackles clanked against each other as i crossed my hands on my lap . 
 self-conscious , i decided to tuck my hands under my legs . 
 `` well how about some coffee , then ? '' 
 emmy asked , motioning for al to sit down on a matching loveseat across from me . 
 `` i would love some , thanks , '' al said politely , taking his seat . 
 `` you know i wo n't turn down coffee . '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 emmy beamed . 
 as she left the room , i heard her yell up the stairs in a tone that only ever applied to her son . 
 `` eric ! 
 angie is here ! '' 
 an unmistakable crash came from somewhere upstairs , followed by rushed footsteps across the top hall and down the top half of the stairs . 
 in reaching the first floor , the steps became noticeably less hurried . 
 a moment later , a tired looking boy rounded the corner . 
 `` hey angie ! '' 
 eric said , trying to conceal his excitement . 
 the best way to describe eric stein is by saying he was my biggest fan . 
 he was a year younger than me , but we grew up together within the walls of the facility . 
 when i was young , i was raised in the stein 's house , though made fully aware that they were not my biological family . 
 eddie and emmy were deemed my legal guardians , leaving it up to them to decide which tests were too extreme to perform on a kid . 
 eric 's first word was ` angie ' , and he had been attached to my hip ever since it came out of his mouth , like a tumor with teeth . 
 even though i had always known that the stein 's were not my relatives , they 'd only ever felt like family , making eric my little brother . 
 he , however , had never thought of me as a sister . 
 eric 's hair was short and choppy , somewhere between his mother 's innocent blonde and father 's fiery red . 
 his forest-colored eyes had always looked at me in a way that made me feel guilty for being unable to return the same sort of feelings . 
 there was no doubt that eric was a handsome boy , but i felt he would always be my brother , and that i would never be able to look at him as anything more . 
 `` hey , how 's it going ? '' 
 i asked , moving over on the couch to give him a seat . 
 eric started to respond , but seemed to be taken a bit off-guard upon seeing al sitting across from us . 
 my faux-brother 's entire demeanor morphed in front of my eyes , from something eager and delighted , to that of an animal protecting its territory . 
 i had never witnessed that look in his eyes before , and i did n't favor the idea of ever seeing it again . 
 eric unquestionably looked at al as a type of competition , having been the only boy in my age range in the facility , even though neither were in competition for anything . 
 `` who is this ? '' 
 eric questioned rigidly . 
 his pupils narrowed , inspecting al with scrutiny . 
 `` uh ... eric , this is al waldreck . 
 he 's been offered a job as my new therapist . '' 
 for some reason i felt the need to defend al , while trying to make eric relax . 
 `` nice to meet you , '' al said politely , extending his hand . 
 there was no sign that he recognized eric 's behavior as anything unordinary . 
 explaining to eric that al 's role was to be my therapist did n't seem to achieve the desired effect . 
 on the contrary , it would appear that noting al would be spending a lot of time with me , and alone , pushed him further into protective mode . 
 at least he was polite in shaking his new competitor 's hand to say hello , before taking a seat beside me . 
 `` your dad wanted me to bring him down here and introduce him to the family , show him around a bit , '' i explained to eric , his mother returning to the room with a tray of coffee mugs . 
 emmy immediately noticed the tenseness of the room , and tried her best to ignore it while she handed out coffee to each of us . 
 `` so , al , what do you think of the facility so far ? '' 
 emmy asked , taking a seat in an old-looking rocking chair in the corner of the room . 
 `` it 's definitely impressive . 
 i 've never seen anything like it , '' al replied , taking a long sip of his coffee . 
 emmy nodded in approval of his answer . 
 `` has angie shown you floor fourteen yet ? '' 
 she asked , securing a slow steady pace in her rocker . 
 `` er ... no . 
 what 's on floor fourteen ? '' 
 al asked apprehensively . 
 `` it 's just the entertainment floor , another attempt to keep the residents from going insane , '' i remarked , noticing that eric 's hands were balled up into fists on his knees . 
 his knuckles were turning white from the lack of circulation . 
 what was wrong with him ? 
 `` oh angie , people almost never go insane down here anymore , not since they started releasing anti-psychotics into the air , '' emmy said , winking at me . 
 al was taken aback for a moment , before he finally realized she was joking . 
 `` excuse me , please , '' eric said far too politely , before bounding from the couch in long strides . 
 each angry footstep echoed throughout the house , until they were silenced by the slamming of a bedroom door . 
 emmy , al , and i looked at each other uneasily , before i finally took a deep breath and followed eric 's path up the stairs to his room . 
 though i could never have romantic feelings for him , eric would always been my best friend , and the thought that i had put him in an upsetting situation sent me on a guilt trip . 
 `` eric ... can i come in ? '' 
 i called , knocking a few times on the door . 
 `` yeah , '' he finally replied , after a long moment of worrying silence . 
 i found him sitting on the edge of his bed , head in his hands . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i asked , sitting cross-legged on the floor in front of him , so i could see part of his face . 
 `` what are they doing , angie ? '' 
 eric asked in a tone that told me he was n't talking about the folks downstairs in the sitting room . 
 `` i have n't quite figured it out yet , '' i sighed , distracting myself with a paper clip i had found on the floor . 
 in a place where everyone got paid to poke or prod me , restrain or provoke me , observe me or cater to me , eric was the one person i had always felt i could trust . 
 sure , i was close to his parents , but their jobs still revolved around researching me . 
 eric was undeniably in love with me , and would never do anything to hurt me . 
 therefore , i always told him everything . 
 he was the one person in the entire building who truly knew everything about me ; all the things the doctors , scientists , and therapists had been trying to get out of me for years . 
 and now he was worried about me , about some new plan they had devised . 
 `` you know what they are hoping for , '' eric said , looking at me with tear-stained eyes . 
 hurt . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked , trying to sound sincere . 
 `` do n't do that . 
 you know what . 
 why they would they bring in someone like that . '' 
 for some reason , this kindled a fire somewhere inside my guts . 
 `` someone like what , exactly ? '' 
 i questioned , squinting a bit as if it would clear up the meaning for me . 
 the look eric gave me was beyond heartbreaking . 
 it was almost as if my utter naivety had shattered his life-long infatuation with me , like any hope he 'd ever had was irrevocably snatched away from him . 
 pain , realization ... betrayal ? 
 what seemed like a combination of all three emanated from his watery , mossy-green eyes . 
 i considered the consequences of trying to get into his head , but his next words eliminated any need to risk electrocution . 
 `` someone to fall in love with . '' 
 chapter three adolescent rascality i was n't at all sure what to say to eric . 
 part of me wanted to slap him in the face , another part of me wanted to hug him . 
 some small part of me desperately wanted to start singing show tunes , but i was usually able to suppress those feelings . 
 i ended up making what was probably one of the worst decisions i had ever made by that point in my life . 
 `` well ... if that 's their plan , they 're going to be pretty disappointed , '' i said , sitting on the bed next to him . 
 `` why is that ? '' 
 eric mumbled . 
 it was odd to see someone who was nearly an adult act this way , but for some people , growing up in the facility made you age slower . 
 others aged three times as fast . 
 `` because i already love someone so much , there just is n't any more room in my heart to love someone else , '' i said . 
 i had never lied to eric before . 
 i guess it was n't technically a lie ... it just was n't eric who i was talking about . 
 eric raised his head , eyebrows lowered a little . 
 he was obviously analyzing what i had said . 
 his tears were replaced by something much more disturbing ; hope . 
 i smiled at him , wiped the few remaining tears from his cheeks , and took his hand . 
 i hid my panic the best i could as he started to lean in for a kiss . 
 knock ! 
 knock ! 
 knock ! 
 ` oh , thank god . ' 
 i thought to myself . 
 `` eric , are you okay ? '' 
 emmy called from outside the door . 
 eric catapulted off the bed , startled . 
 `` fine , mom ! '' 
 he yelled in frustration . 
 i stood up calmly , putting my hands on his shoulders . 
 `` let 's go back downstairs , okay ? '' 
 i smiled , trying my best to sound comforting . 
 eric returned the smile , and nodded . 
 i opened the door to a slightly worried-looking emmy , giving her a reassuring glance . 
 she stared around me to eric , whose eyes were still puffy , and shook her head exasperatedly before walking away . 
 i held my hand out to the boy i had just sort of lied to , and he took it happily . 
 we walked back downstairs into the sitting room , still holding hands , and sat next to each other on the sofa . 
 emmy cocked her head as she observed us , obviously confused . 
 al did n't seem to notice , and just smiled politely . 
 `` where were we ? '' 
 i asked , picking up my coffee with my free hand . 
 `` something about airborne anti-psychotics , i believe , '' al stated with a smirk . 
 even after our discussion , eric looked at al with a bit of disdain . 
 i discreetly nudged him in the side with my elbow , at which point he sat up a bit straighter and shifted his glance . 
 `` right . '' 
 i forced a snicker . 
 we all sat in awkward silence for what was probably only a brief moment , but felt like hours . 
 each of us intermittently sipped on our coffees , twiddled our thumbs and wiggled our feet . 
 `` should you be getting back to the lab , dear ? '' 
 emmy asked me , breaking up the excruciating quiet . 
 `` oh yeah , probably . '' 
 i nodded , releasing eric 's crushing grip on my hand as i stood up . 
 `` al ? '' 
 `` it was very nice to meet you both , i hope to see more of you , '' al said politely , shaking emmy 's hand , and then eric 's . 
 eric hesitated , but apparently decided not to be a jerk for just a moment . 
 emmy 's eyes looked to al with sympathy for a fraction of a second . 
 `` yes , well ... if you decide to take the job , you should come over with angie for dinner tonight , '' she said kindly . 
 `` that sounds great , thank you , '' al said as we made our way to the front door . 
 `` angie ... '' eric called after me . 
 i stopped . 
 `` er ... i 'll see you later . '' 
 i gave eric a warm smile as his eyes pierced mine , before i walked out the door . 
 al and i walked in silence toward the elevator at the other end of the street . 
 past kids playing , and dogs pooping . 
 past women gardening , and men riding lawnmowers . 
 past what truly seemed like normal , ideal lives . 
 `` so ... your file did n't mention that you have a boyfriend . '' 
 al sneered as i pushed the up button for the elevator . 
 `` yeah ... well ... it probably did n't mention that i have a birthmark shaped like ohio on my left butt cheek , either , '' i remarked , walking through the open lift doors . 
 `` no ... it did , '' al said blankly as the doors closed behind us . 
 our short elevator ride back to the lab was silent and uncomfortable , but the tension eased as soon as the doors opened to eddie 's grinning face . 
 i jumped slightly , almost running directly into him . 
 it was n't typical for people to stand millimeters from the elevator doors when it was arriving . 
 `` what is that look for ? '' 
 i questioned cautiously . 
 `` i just had an interesting conversation with emmy , '' he replied , rocking on his heels . 
 i rolled my eyes , shoving past him . 
 `` i do n't want to talk about it , '' i said plainly . 
 eddie turned to follow me , while al trailed behind . 
 i was in no mood to discuss my new ` relationship ' , with the father of my new ` boyfriend ' . 
 `` awwww , but why not ? '' 
 eddie mocked , swiping his id card at the glass door to allow us back into the room with the giant water tank . 
 `` what are we doing today ? '' 
 i asked , completely ignoring eddie 's question . 
 `` angie -- '' eddie began , but quickly rethought his sentence when he saw the look of utter irritation on my face , `` we 're doing ice . '' 
 i stopped dead in my tracks on my path to the walkway overtop the tank . 
 `` ice ? 
 is that a good idea ... er ... today ? '' 
 i questioned , looking nervously from eddie to al. `` as good a day as any , would n't you say ? '' 
 eddie 's eyes twinkled with a type of adolescent rascality . 
 at that point , i was unsure what eddie 's intentions were . 
 as he glanced at al , i thought perhaps he was just going for the largest shock value we had to offer . 
 `` excuse me , what exactly do you mean ` doing ice ' ? '' 
 al queried , eyebrows lowered as his eyes shifted from me to eddie . 
 `` oh , angie here is going to make ice for us . '' 
 eddie beamed innocently . 
 `` can i ask what the purpose of that is ? '' 
 al asked , entirely confused . 
 `` so we can all have slushies later , '' i joked dryly . 
 it was an anxiety reflex . 
 eddie snorted for a moment in laughter , then straightened himself out as he realized al did n't find any humor in my words . 
 the ginger-haired doctor cleared his throat awkwardly , as al eyed him with curiosity . 
 `` best to let you see for yourself , i think , '' eddie stated . 
 al was still clearly confused , but stood back as eddie walked around to different computer stations , giving orders to various new workers whose names i would probably never take the time to learn . 
 a plump , quiet woman placed sensors on my head and chest before i made my way up the walkway to stand directly over the center of the water tank . 
 they had turned the heating element on for the metal , making it quite toasty against my pale feet . 
 i kept my eyes trained on eddie as he followed his invisible path around the room , observing , directing , and correcting the employees . 
 finally , he stopped and turned to face me , eyes beaming . 
 `` emergency systems on standby , '' eddie called to nobody in particular . 
 `` ready , '' a faceless employee called back to him from somewhere across the room . 
 `` medics on standby , '' eddie called again , aimlessly . 
 i glanced over at two men who had large first aid kits at their feet , and a dusty defibrillator behind them . 
 it had only ever been used once , in an unfortunate scenario involving an elderly doctor with a heart condition , and an unexpected , stray fireball . 
 `` ready , '' one of the medics replied lazily . 
 `` security ? '' 
 eddie asked . 
 i directed my view to a team of men in black suits who were , no doubt , carrying guns . 
 they had a very secret-service-esque look about them , and were deemed necessary at all lab runs , since that one time when i tried to break out . 
 that had been a particularly frustrating day . 
 the cafeteria had been out of pancakes that morning . 
 `` we are ready , sir , '' one of the burly men said in a stern and monotonous voice . 
 `` electro-cuffs on standby , '' eddie demanded politely . 
 i looked down at the cold shackles on my wrists . 
 the small , green lights suddenly turned red , confirming that i would n't be shocked into next year anytime soon . 
 i had always found it somewhat amusing that the lights on the electro-cuffs had different meanings for me than for everyone else in the facility . 
 green , the color of freedom , progress , go ! 
 ... to them , it meant that they were safe ; i could n't cause any trouble . 
 to me , it meant that i was a restricted animal . 
 red , on the other hand , meant danger to them . 
 the animal was on the loose , and there was no sure way of knowing what it might do . 
 for me , red meant nothing more than freedom ... progress ... go ! 
 `` whenever you are ready , angie , '' eddie said calmly , eyes full of a fatherly-looking hope . 
 i did my best to issue him a reassuring smile , before my eyes fell momentarily on al. . 
 i had almost forgotten he was there . 
 i had almost forgotten we were probably about to knock his socks off -- metaphorically or literally , there was no real way of knowing . 
 his face showed no sign of emotion , not even slight curiosity . 
 he looked more rigid than the security guards who were more than prepared to shoot me in the head , if need be . 
 i looked down to the water below my feet , placed my hands on the railings next to my sides , and closed my eyes . 
 the first image that crossed my mind was the middle of a midnight ocean , littered with icebergs , which were totally ready to give you a bad time . 
 i shivered as a chill started from the nape of my neck and ran all the way to the soles of my feet . 
 i opened my eyes just long enough to see a fog of breath leave my mouth . 
 i closed my eyes again to picture an infinite glacier , creeping across the earth at speeds even a snail would scoff at . 
 i could feel my fingers and toes turning blue , even against the warm metal of the walkway . 
 i opened my eyes once more , only to be met by the arctic stare of al from across the room . 
 i had expected to feel uncomfortable , but i felt completely at home and assured of what i was doing . 
 suddenly , a wave of energy expanded outward in all directions from my body , the water below me quaking rapidly . 
 my body was so cold , i felt that if i were to fall , i could shatter into tiny pieces . 
 icy spider webs began to crawl from my hands down the metal railing , until icicles were dangling beneath my feet , just an inch or so above the water . 
 a sharp pain pierced through my head . 
 i cried out in agony , prying my frosty hand from the railing to paw at my face . 
 though there was no wound , i was convinced that i had been shot right between the eyes ; a bullet released by an anxious security guard , perhaps . 
 `` vital report ? '' 
 i heard eddie call nervously . 
 `` blood pressure is rising fast , sir . 
 brainwave patterns are off the charts . 
 i do n't know what she 's doing , but it is n't anything she has ever done before , '' a faceless voice responded from somewhere behind me . 
 `` angie ... angela , can you hear me ? '' 
 eddie questioned from the end of the walkway . 
 i forced my eyelids open , only to find my vision severely blurred by ice crystals , which had formed on my eyelashes . 
 my hand still covered the invisible bullet-hole in my forehead . 
 `` calm yourself and focus , angela , '' eddie said in the most soothing voice he could manage , though his words were shaky with paternal worry . 
 i was having extreme difficulty focusing on anything other than the horrible pain pulsing between my eyes . 
 `` i ca n't , '' i choked through a throat full of sharp , frozen vocal chords . 
 `` yes you can . 
 you know you can . 
 i know you can , '' eddie reassured me . 
 i felt the walkway shudder slightly as he apparently stepped toward me . 
 i forced my eyes open again . 
 through the blurred vision and stabs of pain , i managed to identify the outline of eddie at the end of the walkway , struggling with his feet . 
 i blinked rapidly , my tears freezing over as fast as they came out . 
 my gaze landed on the icy , blue eyes across the room , connecting to them instantly . 
 there was no shock in them , no amazement , no confusion . 
 the only thing that found its home in those eyes was pride , an unwavering sense of definiteness , and an unbreakable bond that could only be found in someone like -- the pain that had been building behind my eyes erupted into streams of blue light toward the ceiling . 
 the water in the tank below me began to jet skyward into frozen , shimmering towers . 
 even through my blurred and painful confusion , i was in awe of the glittering magnificence i was creating around myself ; a vertical landscape of icy awesomeness . 
 slowly , the amazing view began to dim , until my vision faded entirely ; the sounds of crackling ice falling to a deathly silence . 
 i felt the back of my head hit the metal walkway , just before i passed out completely . 
 chapter four infinite whiteness infinite whiteness was all that surrounded me , but it lacked the feeling of constraint associated with the walls of the facility . 
 it was warm and welcoming , almost shielding in nature . 
 i was home . 
 my entire being was engulfed by the comfort of an over-sized blue chair . 
 if i could do nothing but stay in that one spot for the rest of my life , i would have been content . 
 stemming out from me in a circle were five other chairs , each one a different color of the rainbow . 
 all of the others were empty , except for the yellow one two seats to my right . 
 a pair of fiery , copper eyes gazed at me from behind a thick book , locks of straight , dark hair falling around them . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 nadia asked nervously , setting her book on her lap . 
 i looked around for a moment , trying to steady myself . 
 `` i passed out , '' i said , cradling my head in my hands . 
 it was so comforting to see my bare wrists without any sign of hindering shackles . 
 `` are you ... are you okay ? '' 
 nadia asked , placing her book in her chair as she stood to move closer to me . 
 nadia was a beautiful girl , and her voice had the unique ability to turn your innards into gooey mush . 
 her flawless , dusky skin made her eyes seem as though they might burst out of her face and engulf the room in flames . 
 she was truly one of my oldest friends , and one of my only connections to the outside world . 
 unfortunately , she had been in a coma since she was very young , which was why she was in the room during the middle of the day ; she was always in the room . 
 the energy room was where our minds went when we were unconscious , at least that 's how we understood it . 
 there were six of us , and we had been going to the room for as long as any of us could remember . 
 it was our true home , and our true family . 
 the room gave us everything we needed when we were there , everything we were deprived of on the outside . 
 after being together every night of our lives for nearly eighteen years , we knew all there was to know about each other , yet we knew very little of ourselves . 
 we were all born on the same day of the same year ; we were all adopted ; and we were all able to do things that normal people should n't have been able to do . 
 while the room was able to provide us with the knowledge of nearly any subject we could ever crave to learn , it was unable to tell us anything of who we were . 
 that , or we simply had n't been asking the correct questions . 
 all of the information the facility had been after for the last seventeen years existed in a room that they could never access . 
 if william ever found out that the secrets he desired were so close , yet so far ... he would be more furious than a particularly disgruntled cat in an ugly holiday sweater . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i said quietly , rubbing my eyes as i remembered the stabbing pain that had riddled them just moments before . 
 i checked frantically , finding no apparent wound anywhere on my head . 
 with a sigh of relief , i found that i had n't been shot . 
 what had caused the pain , then ? 
 i did n't know enough about medical stuff to be sure , but the hypochondria in me suggested that i had developed a brain tumor or , even more likely , there was a parasite living in my head . 
 nadia reached her hand out to me questioningly . 
 i nodded , and met her hand with mine . 
 i watched calmly as her coppery eyes clouded over , allowing her to experience the recent events that had led to my unexpected visit to the room . 
 there was only silence for a moment , as nadia 's eyes cleared and she withdrew her hand . 
 we stared at each other , both pondering the happenings of my day . 
 `` is he -- '' she began reluctantly . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i cut her off , already knowing she would ask about al. `` what would that mean ? '' 
 nadia questioned , retreating to her yellow chair , `` if he was ? '' 
 i gazed blankly at the beautiful girl a couple seats away from me . 
 the girl who , as far as any of us had been concerned , was one of only six of our kind . 
 we had all been so sure that we were the only ones . 
 `` nothing , '' i said softly . 
 `` it would n't mean anything , because he 's not . '' 
 nadia sighed with frustration . 
 when she was four years old , she had been in the car accident that resulted in her coma . 
 since then , she had spent nearly every moment of her life in the room . 
 there had been a few instances when she faded back into reality , each time only long enough to see her adoptive mother sitting by her side . 
 we assumed that her body was still showing brain activity , and that was why nobody had pulled the plug on her . 
 while our room was comforting , and provided us with nearly anything we could ever hope for , nadia was stuck , like someone who had gotten onto the wrong side of the mafia and ended up at the bottom of a river , feet hopelessly secured in concrete blocks . 
 her only human connections fading in and out on a daily basis was far more agonizing than any test or procedure that had been performed on me at the facility . 
 we all felt alone on the outside , but nadia was truly isolated . 
 proof of others like us in the outside world would have given her some faith that she would n't spend the rest of her life confined to the unending canvas of the room . 
 `` you 're fading , '' nadia announced , having been staring at me the entire time . 
 i looked at my hands to find that they were , indeed , translucent . 
 i was coming to in the real world , and being forced to leave the room . 
 `` we 'll talk about it tonight , '' i promised . 
 a moment later , i opened my eyes to see eddie 's worried , but ecstatic , face a few inches from mine . 
 whatever he had used to bring me back into consciousness left a horrible , metallic smell in my nostrils . 
 i sat up slowly , grasping at the large bump where my head had aggressively introduced itself to the metal walkway . 
 `` wow . 
 ow . '' 
 i was irritated , and somewhat amused , by the size of the bump . 
 `` how do you feel ? '' 
 eddie asked , wrapping a blanket around me . 
 `` like i almost froze to death , then knocked myself out on a metal walkway , '' i exclaimed , waving my hands around in a failed attempt to shoo away the people who had gathered around me . 
 `` oh , good . '' 
 eddie smiled , patting me on the shoulder . 
 as eddie stood up , i noticed his shoes were missing . 
 i furrowed my eyebrows in confusion , wondering why he would have taken his shoes off . 
 my question was answered soon enough , when he bent over at the end of the walkway to pry his frozen shoes from the frosty metal . 
 at that point , i realized i was still freezing , half covered in icicles , and various parts of my skin were an unhealthy shade of blueish-purple . 
 one of the nice medic fellows checked the bump on the back of my head , and assured me that i would be alright . 
 `` you might want to take care of that frostbite , though , '' the other medic said indifferently , pointing at my feet . 
 i cringed as it was brought to my attention that about fifty-percent of my toes were a nasty , blackish color . 
 i poked one of them lightly , but felt nothing . 
 wiggling was out of the question . 
 those little piggies would not be going wee-wee-wee anywhere , not in their current state . 
 i placed my hands an inch or so above my feet , and closed my eyes . 
 a white ball of light dropped from my palms , encircling my toes , as i envisioned my body healing itself . 
 i opened my eyes , watching the toes slowly return to their normal , pale color , nodding in satisfaction as i wiggled them wildly . 
 even though everyone had cleared to leave me sit alone on the warming walkway , i felt eyes piercing the back of my head . 
 i discreetly looked around the room , until my gaze was met by those arctic , blue peepers . 
 al 's face was still void of emotion , but i could sense that his mind was racing . 
 i watched intently , as eddie whispered something inaudible into the young psychologist 's ear . 
 al nodded , and followed one of the security guards out of the room , into the elevator , and out of sight . 
 i wondered if what he had seen was too shocking , if he had decided to turn down the job . 
 i wondered if he would leave . 
 i wondered if they would let him leave . 
 `` angie , good work ! '' 
 eddie exclaimed , dragging me out of the little space in my mind that only contained worry . 
 `` really , it was extraordinary . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i smiled weakly . 
 the frozen towers were planted sturdily in the solid ice of the water tank . 
 they surrounded me like a beautiful , diamond castle , if diamonds could melt in a room where the thermostat had been turned up to about 90 degrees . 
 it would be a lie to say that i was n't proud of myself . 
 ice had always been my downfall . 
 i could create a devastating tornado with nothing but a draft . 
 i could turn the flame of a candle into a wildfire . 
 i could start a monsoon with a cup of water , but the most progress i had ever made with ice was frosting over some lemonade at a village cookout . 
 rather , i could do all these things when the employees of the facility thought it was appropriate . 
 i frowned at the green lights that had returned to my electro-cuffs once upon a time , when i was about twelve years old , i got feisty and tried to flood william 's office in a pathetic attempt at escape . 
 that was when the electro-cuffs were brought into the picture . 
 all of the information that had been collected from every test ever done on me was uploaded to a server linked to the shackles . 
 small changes in my body chemistry allowed them to determine , without delay , the exact moment i began to use my abilities . 
 the response was a painful electric shock , severe enough to deter me from ever getting too frisky again . 
 of course , there were ` minor malfunctions ' when the electro-cuffs were first developed . 
 ` malfunctions ' like accidentally electrocuting everyone in the swimming pool on the fourteenth floor . 
 fortunately , those issues were resolved rather quickly . 
 when the electro-cuffs were developed was also when they implemented the intricate security system ; cameras in nearly every corner , microphones and speaker systems in every room . 
 i had n't been able to really talk to eric for almost six years . 
 coincidentally , that was about the same time william became extremely busy and stopped overseeing my lab-runs . 
 if he needed to converse with/at me , the communication almost always took place over the speaker system . 
 i thought it was wildly amusing that the old man who was in charge of the entire facility , was apparently frightened of a twelve-year-old girl . 
 `` i 'll see you at dinner tonight ? '' 
 eddie asked , once again pulling me out of my own mind . 
 `` of course . 
 do you , er ... do you happen to know if al will be there ? '' 
 i inquired , forcing myself to my feet . 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 he went off to talk to william , but i do n't know if he 's decided whether or not he will stay , '' eddie replied , a glint of empathy shining in his eyes as he smiled . 
 i nodded in understanding and started toward the glass door , still clutching the blanket around my shoulders . 
 `` oh , angie ... would you mind ? 
 emmy will kill me if she finds out i 've ruined another pair . '' 
 eddie stopped me , holding up his dripping shoes in a questioning manner . 
 i snickered , and took the damp shoes into my hands . 
 eddie nodded to an older man at one of the computers , who was responsible for turning my electro-cuffs on and off on that particular day . 
 after the red lights returned to my wrists , i closed my eyes with a grin . 
 the water streamed off of the shoes like tiny rivers bending through a leather forest . 
 it splashed onto the floor , as if a minuscule rain shower had developed beneath them . 
 eddie bowed in thanks as i handed back the bone-dry loafers , the little , green light appearing back on my wrists with an omnipotent flicker . 
 `` see you tonight , eddie , '' i said , making my way out of the lab , and finally back up to my small apartment , where i thought over every detail that had managed to cram itself into half a day . 
 chapter five sweet dreams , angela dawson i had not found any solace in pondering the possible outcomes of al 's decision . 
 if he had decided to leave , it seemed improbable that they would let someone who had just witnessed one of the world 's best kept secrets back into the public . 
 i was never sure of what happened to the former employees of the facility when they decided to leave . 
 i had asked william about it when i was younger ; i wanted to know what happened to my first psychologist . 
 he had been a relatively older fellow , and never seemed to really approve of my captivity . 
 there was a period of about three days where i had n't seen him , which was odd considering i had seen him nearly every day of my life up until then . 
 on the fourth day , i was introduced to my ` new ' therapist , with no explanation as to what had happened to dr. holk . 
 the only information william had allowed me was that dr. holk had decided to ` retire ' . 
 as an experienced liar myself , i was able to instantly conclude that dr. holk had , most definitely , not decided to retire . 
 if al decided to stay , he would at least be safe from the unknown , most likely grim , outcome of the previous option . 
 but he would also be subjecting himself to a hectic world , which revolved around one dishonest and distrustful freak of nature . 
 he would never be able to see or speak to his friends or family , thanks to the very strict privacy policy the facility observed . 
 and if my small intuition that he was somehow connected to my kind was true , there was a huge risk that the facility would find out . 
 there was no saying what the outcome of that particular situation would have been , but it probably would have been incredibly traumatic . 
 i hoped , against the odds , that al had decided to leave , and that he had been allowed to go back to his normal life . 
 maybe they could have performed some sort of brainwashing thing that replaced his memories of the day with recollections of something normal ; like gardening , or an alcoholics anonymous retreat . 
 thoughts raced through my mind as i made my way down to the sixteenth floor for dinner at eddie and emmy 's house . 
 the elevator doors opened to the seemingly perfect town just as computer-generated nighttime was beginning to fall . 
 the fake sun was low in the fake sky , and the fake half-moon was starting to show its fake face . 
 i chuckled to myself , thinking that that about summed up mostly everything at the facility ; fake . 
 i waved to dr. helmsworth , who could always be found reading a book of poetry on his front porch at about the same time every night . 
 he was one of the few folks living alone in a neighborhood . 
 most of the scientists had brought their families , or started families at the facility . 
 dr. helmsworth , however , believed that subjecting a family to a sheltered life of seclusion was unfair . 
 i was inclined to agree with him , but felt a strong sense of sadness knowing that the old man had always lived alone , and would eventually die alone , most likely in the facility . 
 even though dr. helmsworth had been single-handedly responsible for the development of my electro-cuffs , we had always gotten along quite well . 
 i hung my head as i continued on past identical houses with identical fences and yards . 
 walking up the path to eddie 's door , i felt the warm breeze on my face . 
 i thought of the younger children living in the village , and wondered how they would feel when they eventually found out that they were prisoners of a company that their parents had , for whatever reason , decided to work for . 
 i wondered how many of them were already aware that their lives were so abnormal , unnatural , fake . 
 i wondered how many of them would ever be aware of those things . 
 all thoughts previously crowding my head were immediately erased as i opened the front door to be greeted by a pair of cheerful , arctic eyes . 
 al had decided to stay , and appeared to be very satisfied with his decision , as he helped set the dining room table for dinner . 
 he grinned at the temporary statue i had become . 
 eric , who was helping to set the table , took a break from glaring angrily at the new psychologist , in order to meet me with a beaming smile . 
 `` hi there , slushy ! '' 
 al called with a wink . 
 he was definitely taking to the whole ` freak of nature ' thing better than any of the previous shrinks . 
 suspicious . 
 al 's comfortably familiar attitude toward me caused eric 's face to turn a shade of scarlet i had never seen on a human before . 
 out of , most likely , jealousy , eric moved to kiss me on the cheek . 
 i started to lean away out of impulse , but quickly caught myself and bitterly allowed him to express his public display of affection , keeping my eyes trained on al. . 
 the therapist 's face was unwaveringly content . 
 not knowing how to respond to eric 's unexpected act of fondness , i patted him awkwardly on the head . 
 `` oh hi , angie . 
 congratulations on the lab-run , today ! '' 
 emmy cooed warmly , rounding the corner with a tray full of delicious-looking side dishes . 
 `` thanks ! '' 
 i smiled , putting my reservations about the men of the room on the back burner . 
 `` can i help with anything ? '' 
 `` i think we 've about got everything taken care of , sweetie , '' emmy said , standing back with her hands on her hips to look at the table full of scrumptious foods . 
 `` we 're just waiting for eddie to get home . '' 
 no sooner was his name mentioned , than eddie walked through the front door , soaking wet from his hair to his shoes . 
 we all stared at him , mouths agape . 
 `` i fell in the water tank , again , '' eddie explained , though no one had asked . 
 i shook my head , snickering as he plopped his drenched shoes on the mat next to the door . 
 `` do i even want to know how you managed to do it this time ? '' 
 emmy asked , arms crossed and eyebrows raised . 
 `` i sincerely doubt it , dear , '' eddie replied , hanging his head in embarrassment as he shamefully exited up the stairs to dry himself off . 
 `` is that a common event around here ? '' 
 al inquired , setting the last plate on the table . 
 `` more common than it should be , '' emmy huffed , picking up the saturated shoes for examination . 
 her blonde locks bounced angrily with her bobbing head as she walked the shoes to the ornate bronze trash can in the kitchen . 
 `` is she really mad ? '' 
 al asked in a cautious whisper . 
 i replied only with a smirk . 
 emmy returned with a dry towel to clean up the drips on the dark , hardwood floor . 
 she muttered angrily to herself , dropping to her knees to mop up the mess . 
 `` we 're not going to let this dampen our evening , are we ? '' 
 i joked . 
 emmy shot me an irritated look at first , but her expression quickly turned to one of amusement . 
 all presence of hostility was eradicated from the air of the room , and was replaced with light-hearted laughter . 
 upon eddie 's return in a mostly-dry state , we all sat down to enjoy a lovely dinner and conversation . 
 i did n't get to have many ` getting to know you ' discussions at the facility , as most of my therapists were n't very fond of letting their patient ask the questions , and we did n't often get new residents . 
 still , i found the average ` i 'm a taurus , and my favorite color is potato ! ' 
 conversations to be rather detached and irritating . 
 `` where are you from , al ? '' 
 emmy asked , loading tuna casserole onto her plate . 
 `` i was born in maine , but i 've been living in new york city for the last seven years , '' al responded in between bites of food . 
 `` i suppose they will be setting you up in the city , then ? '' 
 emmy questioned curiously . 
 `` that was mr. slate 's suggestion , but i asked to be placed on the eleventh floor , '' al replied . 
 at this , emmy and eddie shot each other interested looks . 
 `` that is generally for lower level employees . 
 the apartments on eleven are n't very , er ... accommodating , '' eddie explained apprehensively . 
 `` i shared a studio apartment with five other people while i was in college . 
 i 'm sure it 'll be alright . '' 
 al laughed , taking a sip of water . 
 `` you 're awfully young to be a psychologist , are n't you ? '' 
 eric accused from the seat next to me . 
 `` eric , do n't be rude . '' 
 emmy snapped , eyeing her son in the way one might glare at a dog that was caught chewing on the bedroom rug , which might have been a family heirloom brought over from the old country by great-aunt bertha . 
 `` what ? 
 i 'm just making an observation . 
 he 's at least twenty years younger than any of angie 's other shrinks . '' 
 eric defended himself aggressively . 
 `` it 's okay , he 's right . 
 honestly , my family pushed me pretty hard to excel . 
 i graduated high school at sixteen , with offers of full scholarships to a few different schools . 
 i only went to college in new york so i could stay with my aunt and uncle until i was eighteen , then i moved in with some friends . 
 i am the youngest person in the united states to have earned my type of degree , '' al divulged openly . 
 `` i guess that explains why you were offered a job at the facility , '' eddie said , impressed . 
 `` yeah , that explains it , '' eric muttered sarcastically , only to be silenced by the sharp jolt of my elbow in his ribcage . 
 `` well , welcome to the team , dr. waldreck , and know that you are always welcome in our home , '' emmy said kindly , eyes glimmering with a hint of empathy . 
 `` thank you , i appreciate that , '' al said gratefully . 
 `` if you do n't mind me asking , where are you guys from ? '' 
 eddie cleared his throat discreetly . 
 i really could n't tell if he was signaling to his wife about something , or if a piece of asparagus had gone down the wrong tube . 
 as he grasped at the gray and red hair on top of his head , i quickly realized it was neither , rather annoyance at the story emmy seemed absolutely ecstatic to tell . 
 `` oh , we do n't mind at all ! 
 it 's been so long since anyone has asked ! 
 let 's see , edward is from nevada , and i 'm from oregon . 
 we actually met at a science convention in las vegas when we were seventeen . 
 i had snuck out with a couple of my girlfriends to go , and by the next day eddie and i were married . 
 of course , those were different times . 
 my parents were what you 'd probably call hippies . 
 they thought it was wonderful . 
 eddie 's parents , on the other hand , were horrified , and all but disowned him . 
 so he came to live with us in portland . 
 he went on to get his degree in biology , and i got mine in botany . 
 a few years after that , i was contacted by the facility to develop a self-sustaining greenhouse . 
 when they found out eddie was an accomplished biologist , they asked if we would be interested in relocating for permanent employment . 
 i was already pregnant with eric , and we had been going through a rough financial period , so we jumped at the offer . 
 we 've been here ever since . '' 
 emmy recited her story without seeming to have paused for a single breath . 
 eddie had been nodding in irritation the entire time . 
 `` emmy ... i think a simple ` i 'm from oregon , and eddie is from nevada ' would have sufficed , '' eddie said , exhausted by his wife 's ramblings . 
 he was met by her angry glare . 
 `` it 's quite alright , i think it 's interesting , '' al said courteously . 
 `` then you 'll probably find this interesting , as well , '' eddie said , pausing for dramatic effect as emmy 's eyes widened , `` it was n't a science convention . 
 it was a comic convention . 
 there was a lot of spandex involved . '' 
 emmy 's cheeks burned as the rest of us chuckled around the table . 
 the remainder of the evening was filled with arguments over who was a better captain of an intergalactic spaceship i had never heard of -- i think it started with an ` e ' . 
 the night ended rather abruptly , when eddie nodded off into his mashed potatoes . 
 i promised eric that we would have lunch together the next day , before thanking emmy for the wonderful dinner . 
 al and i walked together along the dark , empty street . 
 false stars glimmered on the screen high above our heads as we made our way toward the elevator at the end of the road . 
 silence loomed around us for a while , apparently becoming our new trend . 
 `` why did you stay ? '' 
 i asked suddenly , not even expecting the words to come out of my own mouth . 
 al took a moment to dissect the question , and answered accordingly . 
 `` it seems like a great opportunity , '' al replied simply , making sure not to meet my eyes . 
 lie . 
 `` there are all sorts of great opportunities that do n't involve cutting your family out of your life , '' i said somberly . 
 `` that is true ... but i do n't really have much family left , '' al said , a bit of emotion seeping into his voice . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i whispered sincerely as we reached the elevator . 
 al said nothing , but threw an appreciative smile in my direction as we stepped into the large , white box . 
 the small button that read ` 11 ' lit up under my finger , the doors closing us in . 
 we held our places in the quiet as the elevator shot upward , opening to a level that looked not unlike my own . 
 white walls , white linoleum flooring , sickening fluorescent lights , and doors that led to apartments even smaller than the one i would be retreating to . 
 al stepped through the doorway , and took out a small piece of paper with ` 22 ' scribbled on it , presumably his apartment number . 
 as he turned around , i expected a handshake , perhaps an ` it was nice to meet you , ' or an ` i 'll see you in the morning , to reveal i 'm actually one of the evil shrinks you hate so much , ' but the words he spoke , and the tone in which he spoke them , surpassed any expectation i could have ever had . 
 `` sweet dreams , angela dawson , '' al said with a wink . 
 his eyes glimmered with a type of knowledge that was dying to escape their ocean-colored prison , as the doors divided us once again . 
 chapter six butterflies and cockroaches i welcomed sleep to drift me off into the familiar whiteness . 
 i was relieved to see all of the seats occupied by friendly faces . 
 sitting directly across from me , in the orange chair , was lakin . 
 my entire body immediately relaxed at the sight of him . 
 his eyes were an alarming gray-green , like a marvelous rain forest that had been blanketed with smoke , and they gazed adoringly at me from behind tufts of coffee-colored hair , transforming my stomach into a roller coaster of butterflies and cockroaches . 
 his face was shaped in childlike innocence , with casual glints of harmless mischief in his lopsided smile . 
 if i had believed in perfection , it would have been staring me in the face at that exact moment . 
 though all of us were extremely close to each other , we had inevitably paired off into even closer duos . 
 i was connected to lakin more than anyone else in the room , and he to me . 
 it was never questioned , only accepted . 
 lakin , like al , was from maine . 
 he lived in a small town called freedom , and worked at a little convenience store ; basically the only place in town that was n't a school or a house . 
 he had been fostered by a family that cared very little about his well-being , and more about the extra income they received from having him around . 
 as his eighteenth birthday neared , they pressured him to ` make his own way in the world ' . 
 he willingly obliged , working as much as he could to save up for whatever he 'd be able to afford , as soon as he could afford it . 
 on this particular day , his left eye was highlighted by a shadowy bruise . 
 my heart sank as he walked over to me . 
 `` nadia told me about your ice-capades of the day . '' 
 lakin smiled warmly with his statement , before greeting me with a hug . 
 `` what happened to your eye , lakin ? '' 
 i asked , tenderly pushing a lock of hair back from his forehead to get a better look at the injury . 
 `` nothing , it 's fine , '' he said , closing his eyes as he pushed his face further into my palm . 
 `` do n't lie to me , mister , '' i said in a mockingly strict tone . 
 `` can i see ? '' 
 lakin conceded , taking my hand in his . 
 my vision clouded over as i was swept into a dimly lit room , the sounds of violent shouts piercing my ears . 
 it felt as if i was part of an old movie , everything slightly hued with age . 
 a stocky , grungy man with a shiny bald spot and a stained t-shirt was roaring at me , eyes aflame with rage . 
 `` i have taken care of you ungrateful piece of trash for eighteen years ! 
 while you are living under my roof , you will do as i say ! '' 
 the man screamed , arms flapping furiously . 
 i felt emotions that did not belong to me ; anger , pain , an overwhelming desire to leave . 
 `` you think i want to live in this place ? 
 you think i 'm not trying to get out of here ? 
 i work all day , every day , to get away from this dump ! '' 
 i felt the words leave my mouth , but i was speaking in lakin 's voice . 
 `` dump ? 
 dump ?! 
 your mother and i work hard to keep this roof over your head , and to keep food on the table for your greedy little mouth ! '' 
 the disgusting man boomed , spraying droplets of saliva across the room . 
 `` she is not my mother . 
 you are not my father . 
 and neither of you have ever worked a day in your lives , unless you count milking the government as a career , '' i said , again in lakin 's voice . 
 the man was silent , but his face was growing a deepening shade of red . 
 out of nowhere , a beefy hand swung through the air , making direct contact with my face . 
 pain emanated all across my head as i grasped at my eye . 
 the initial urge i felt was to strike back , but i quickly rationalized that i would be able to do little damage to the building of a man standing across from me . 
 the next thought that ran across my mind was to start a tornado in the middle of the small apartment , burn the place down , then flood the remainders of the building into freedom pond . 
 this impulse swiftly deteriorated , as my stomach went into somersaults caused by the smiling face of a girl with messy , blonde hair ; my face . 
 i sprinted silently to a small bedroom off of the hallway , ignoring the sounds of more shouts coming from behind me . 
 i grabbed a crumpled duffel bag from under the bed , shoving random pieces of clothing into it as fast as my trembling hands would allow . 
 i caught a glance of lakin 's red and swollen face in the mirror , left eye watery with pain . 
 `` where do you think you 're going ?! '' 
 the man bellowed as i shoved past him , reaching for the front door . 
 `` anywhere that is n't here , '' i said with finality , not looking back as i slammed the door . 
 i could still feel the phantom of pain in my face as i returned to my own body . 
 lakin stared back at me , keeping a firm , but sweet , grip on my hand , as if he was afraid i might try to run away . 
 `` what stopped you from using your abilities ? '' 
 i asked , returning my hand to his face . 
 `` i made you a promise . 
 that is more important than revenge . '' 
 lakin smiled , leaning his chin on the arm of my chair . 
 i had been seven years old when i realized it was n't normal to always go to a white room filled with five other people when you dream . 
 up until that point , i thought the other kids in my dreams were just that -- dreams . 
 one day , william had asked me if i thought there was anyone else like me in the world . 
 even at seven years old , i had been able to tell that there was an underlying intention in william 's words . 
 gears had turned and grinded in my mind , until i understood why there were five other apartments on my floor . 
 he was n't interested in whether or not i thought i was alone ; he knew there were others like me , and he wanted to know who they were . 
 he wanted to find them . 
 that was the night everyone promised me they would not use their powers , for fear of being caught and put into the facility . 
 most of them still manipulated an element now and then , lyla more often than the rest , but lakin had n't used his abilities since the day he made his promise . 
 i adored him for that . 
 i tapped the free arm of my chair , willing it to expand to the size of a sofa . 
 the room allowed the chair to creep out in a sideways direction , giving enough space for lakin to take a seat next to me . 
 nobody was taken aback ; that kind of thing was a normal occurrence . 
 no one had really been surprised by anything in the room since nadia willed an entire pirate ship into existence . 
 `` so tell me about your new psychologist , '' lakin said in a cutesy tone , playfully nudging me in the side with his elbow . 
 i snorted a bit in laughter , shaking my head . 
 he questioningly took my hand . 
 `` go on , '' i permitted , watching nervously as his eyes fogged over . 
 i scanned the room , as lakin relived my day . 
 lyla , a slight girl , was sitting in the red chair , her pixie-like hair matching the cushions beneath her . 
 she was the most eccentric of our lot , and was notorious for using her abilities as often as she could . 
 she grew up in a foster home , and was sent to a juvenile detention center at fourteen years old for hacking into the government database , unsuccessfully attempting to find information on the facility . 
 her captivating , almond eyes flashed brilliantly as she rolled a set of dice onto the small table that was separating her from a muscular boy , who had scooted his green chair across from hers . 
 joseph , a striking fellow , could have easily been confused with a body-builder , as well as with nadia 's brother . 
 he shared the same flawless skin and coppery eyes , but his upper arms were about the size of bowling balls . 
 he was raised in a normal , loving home , and lived a pretty ideal life . 
 he was captain of his football team , and both of his dads were lawyers . 
 his strong hands cradled his face , as lyla danced victoriously in her seat . 
 nadia rested her legs across the lap of a slender , fair-haired boy , both of their faces buried in books as they lounged on her extended , yellow sofa . 
 bryant , like nadia , was a genius when it came to most things . 
 i had never seen him in the room without a book in his hand . 
 his sandy hair was short and unkempt , matching the shabby facial hair he seemed to think was appealing . 
 he grew up in a home not so different from lakin 's . 
 though his foster parents had never physically abused him , he considered himself lucky if they even remembered that he was alive . 
 aside from lakin , i felt a stronger connection to bryant than the rest . 
 it was completely different from what i shared with lakin , but if i had believed in reincarnation , i would have thought we had known each other in a previous life . 
 i directed my attention back to lakin as he overzealously retrieved his hand . 
 i was surprised to see a very upset look spread across his face , pupils narrowing with anger . 
 confusion overtook me for a brief moment , but my eyes widened as i remembered that al had not been the only significant part of my day . 
 `` eric ? '' 
 lakin whispered fiercely , ensuring the others could n't hear his discontent . 
 `` you felt what i felt . 
 you know it 's not like that , '' i said in a pleading tone . 
 `` i have a feeling he would disagree , '' lakin huffed , crossing his arms . 
 `` i 'm sure he probably would , but in all fairness ... i never specified who i was talking about when i said i already loved someone . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` ... exactly . '' 
 lakin 's eyes were blazing , burning straight through to my soul . 
 my feeling of gloom was quickly replaced by one of irritation . 
 i already had to deal with eric acting ridiculous while i was conscious , i was n't about to take the same attitude while i was asleep . 
 though i knew i had been wrong for letting eric assume i had deeper feelings for him than those of friendship or family , i thought lakin would have been more understanding . 
 `` look here , mister . 
 i love you more than i have ever loved anything else in this world ... and you know how much i loved my hamsters before they ate each other ! 
 you know it 's the truth , and nothing can ever change that . 
 i did what i thought i had to do at the time . 
 i know it was a mistake , but i make those sometimes , you know ! 
 and so do you . 
 everybody does . 
 now , you can either accept that i screwed up , and talk to me about the more important event of the day , or you can be mad at me until you wake up , but you know anger gives you indigestion , '' i exclaimed , forgetting to keep my voice hushed . 
 i was very aware that there were four other sets of eyes staring curiously in our direction , but i did n't care . 
 lakin turned back to face me , considering my words . 
 my heart dropped as a sly , crooked smile spread across his face . 
 `` you are adorable when you 're angry , '' he grinned in defeat . 
 `` i try , '' i said simply , crossing my arms to appear as if i was still disgruntled . 
 lakin saw right through my charade , wrapping his arm around my shoulders and kissing me on the forehead . 
 `` let 's make it clear that i 'm still not fond of this situation , '' lakin divulged in a slightly worried tone . 
 `` i know , i 'm sorry . 
 i will take care of it in the morning , '' i promised , as the others ' eyes shifted away from us . 
 `` do n't do anything to make waves . 
 just do n't , you know ... do n't get too close to him , '' lakin requested tolerantly . 
 `` i patted him on the head today . 
 i patted him on the head like a dog . 
 how close do you really think i would be able to get ? '' 
 i said , half joking . 
 `` fair enough , '' he laughed , drawing my head onto his shoulder . 
 `` so this al guy ... '' `` do n't tell me you are worried about him , now ?! '' 
 i sat up in my seat . 
 `` what ? 
 no . 
 is n't he who you wanted to talk about ? '' 
 lakin laughed . 
 `` oh , yeah . 
 sorry . '' 
 i shook my head at my own absurdity , returning my cheek to lakin 's welcoming shoulder . 
 `` you think he knows something about us ? 
 about our kind ? '' 
 lakin asked inquisitively . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 there is just something odd about him , is n't there ? 
 having him in the lab seemed to make my powers stronger . 
 you felt it . 
 as soon as i locked eyes with him , it was like my abilities were amplified by a hundred , '' i explained . 
 `` and the way he said ` sweet dreams , ' it was like he knew what happens when i go to sleep . '' 
 lakin was silent , thinking over my words . 
 i could sense him recapping the feelings that i had experienced during the day . 
 `` maybe he just , you know ... wanted you to have sweet dreams ? '' 
 lakin offered , raising his eyebrows at me . 
 `` well , if you 're going to be a jerk about it ... '' i began . 
 `` are you talking about your new therapist ? '' 
 nadia questioned from across the room . 
 `` he told her to have sweet dreams , so she thinks he knows about the room , '' lakin said , a hint of mockery in his voice . 
 `` can i see ? '' 
 nadia asked , lifting her feet from bryant 's lap . 
 `` i want to see , too ! '' 
 lyla exclaimed , nearly knocking over the table between herself and joseph as she jumped to her feet . 
 before i knew it , everyone in the room had their hands on different parts of my body , cloudy eyes reliving my evening . 
 i shook my head at the thought of how strange the scene would have looked to a normal person ; surely , it would have given me an undesirable reputation . 
 `` oh , he 's very attractive , '' lyla said sheepishly , resulting in a forceful nudge on the shoulder from joseph . 
 `` what ? 
 i 'm just saying . '' 
 `` i do n't trust him , '' bryant said with a sense of finality , returning to the yellow sofa to suggest he had nothing else to offer . 
 nadia remained silently pensive , tapping her chin as she immersed herself in deep thought . 
 i could tell that she was hopeful , more than anything , that al was somehow connected to us . 
 she had the most to gain , if he was . 
 maybe he would have some idea how to release her from the containment of the room . 
 even though her coma was medical , perhaps he would have some sort of miracle idea for a cure . 
 `` there is n't any way you can talk to him about it ? 
 or get into his mind ? '' 
 nadia asked , already knowing the answer . 
 `` all of the facility is bugged . 
 if he is connected , and anyone found out ... i do n't even know what they would do to him , but it would probably hurt a lot . 
 and my cuffs would kill me if i clouded over long enough to see anything useful , '' i explained hopelessly . 
 `` there has got to be some way , '' nadia said exhaustedly , flopping back onto her sofa , nearly whacking bryant in the face in doing so . 
 `` i am with bryant on this . 
 i do n't trust him . 
 i think you should keep as much a distance from him as possible , '' joseph added thoughtfully . 
 `` he 's my new therapist , it 's not like i can really avoid seeing him . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 i asked , turning to face lakin . 
 `` i think you 're looking too much into it , like you do with most things . 
 remember when you were convinced that the helmsworth guy was an alien , and it turned out he just had eczema ? 
 i think you should just let things be , '' lakin said honestly . 
 i nodded in false agreement . 
 meeting eyes with nadia , i tried to silently assure her that i would n't ` just let things be ' . 
 either she understood , or she thought i was constipated . 
 i was absolutely certain something fishy was going on , and not just because the next day was fish fingers and custard day in caf 1 . 
 there was something strange about al , and i was determined to figure out what that ` something ' was . 
 chapter seven jealous little hamster i awoke to the sound of loud knocking at my door , feeling far less rested than usual . 
 the discussion in the energy room had not gone at all like i 'd imagined . 
 lakin had suggested i was just being paranoid , and that i ought to let things be . 
 maybe i was being paranoid , but i was n't going to let that stop me from getting to the bottom of things ; if there was even a thing to get to the bottom of . 
 i dragged myself groggily out of bed , not bothering to check my appearance in the mirror . 
 i pulled my face up to the peephole to find eric fidgeting nervously , a bouquet of blue flowers in his sweaty palms . 
 i swung the door open with a yawn , to be greeted by a look of surprise . 
 `` were you still sleeping ? '' 
 eric prodded , shutting the door behind him before following me into the minuscule living room . 
 i glanced at the microwave clock , emitting a small snort of laughter . 
 `` it 's only eleven , eric . 
 have you forgotten who you 're talking to ? '' 
 i asked , collapsing onto the soft , white sofa . 
 `` er , i stopped by the greenhouse and got these for you . 
 i know blue is your favorite , '' eric said timidly , jutting out his hand with the flowers . 
 i suppressed the impulse to laugh , projecting a sweet smile instead . 
 `` that 's , uh ... nice . 
 thanks , '' i said , taking the flowers to the kitchen . 
 i had never been given flowers before , and was n't entirely sure that i possessed anything to designate as their home . 
 i opened and slammed cupboards until , lo and behold , i found a single dusty , glass vase with a small chip missing from the upper rim . 
 i had no idea where it came from , but it would certainly do . 
 i filled the vase to the brim , water sloshing over the sides as i dropped in the unnamed flora . 
 i had no knowledge whatsoever of flowers , except that they needed water , but they really were quite lovely . 
 i stared at the vase for a moment , watching the water carve small streams through the dust . 
 flowers . 
 this boy brought me flowers because he cared about me , and thought i cared about him in the same way . 
 my heart sank a little as i decided i would have to tell eric that i would n't be able to see him the way he wanted me to . 
 of all the things that crowded my mind in the facility , i never thought a boy would be one of them . 
 i looked up to see eric sitting anxiously on the very edge of the sofa , bringing a whispered laugh to my lips . 
 after setting the vase on the counter , i returned to the living room , making sure to sit an acceptable distance from my apparent suitor . 
 `` eric , we need to talk , '' i began hesitantly , searching for the words that would be the least painful . 
 `` i know . 
 i want to apologize for the way i acted yesterday . 
 around al , i mean . 
 i was kind of being an idiot all day , '' eric said , looking down in embarrassment . 
 `` what ? 
 oh , that 's ... that 's alright , '' i said softly , patting eric on the back like i had done many times before when he was upset . 
 `` it 's not , though . 
 it was immature , and i do n't want you to think you 're dating an idiot , '' eric said , looking to me brightly . 
 i twitched a little at that word -- dating . 
 eric did n't seem to notice , he just continued to stare at me with adoring eyes . 
 i had seen those eyes before ; from lakin every night of my life , and i knew those were the same eyes lakin saw when he looked at me . 
 i imagined the person i cared so greatly for , telling me that he could n't return the feelings . 
 my heart almost imploded just at the thought of it . 
 i sighed in defeat , knowing i would n't be able to cause eric that kind of pain . 
 even if i did n't love him in the same way , i did love him . 
 i was physically incapable of knowingly hurting him . 
 `` i know you 're not an idiot , '' i said , doing my best to display a reassuring smile . 
 `` so , we 're okay ? '' 
 eric asked happily . 
 `` yes , '' i laughed , `` we 're okay . '' 
 `` great ! '' 
 eric exclaimed , drumming his hands on his knees in delight . 
 `` let 's go get some food , '' i chuckled , shaking my head as i pushed myself up from the couch . 
 i was taken aback by eric 's grasp on my arm , just above the electro-cuffs that i hated so much . 
 i furrowed my eyebrows in confusion as i turned to look at him , but i was not met by words of explanation . 
 before i could even begin to understand what was happening , i felt a pair of chapped lips placed awkwardly against my chin . 
 i lurched backward , eyes wide in shock . 
 `` sorry , that 's ... that 's not how that was supposed to go , '' eric said , mortified . 
 as the incident fully set in to my mind , i started laughing uncontrollably . 
 eric had just made out with my chin . 
 i knew lakin would be upset , but i thought it was absolutely hilarious . 
 i stifled my chortling when i noticed how red eric 's cheeks had become . 
 his look of embarrassment was quickly turning to one of determination . 
 his eyes narrowed as he pulled me close . 
 an unexpected feeling of safeness fell over me as he went in for a redo , this time meeting my lips with his . 
 my hands fell on his shoulders , which i had never noticed were so broad . 
 as the kiss ended , i made no effort to remove myself from eric 's commanding arms . 
 i remained in his clutches , staring into eyes i definitely should not have been staring into . 
 those were not lakin 's eyes , and my utter contentment with that was terrifying . 
 finally , i staggered backward a bit , still in a silent shock . 
 thoughts began slicing a race track through my mind . 
 there was no excuse for kissing eric . 
 lakin had issued a simple , reasonable request ; do n't get too close . 
 i had n't planned on challenging that request , but i had -- most definitely -- gotten too close . 
 flabbergasted , i gazed at the man standing a few feet before me . 
 within moments , eric had transformed from a lanky kid i had never seen as more than a close friend , into a divine , masculine being i barely recognized . 
 it seemed that growing up with the boy had prevented me from noticing when he became a man . 
 `` i , um ... i 'm going to ... food ? '' 
 my words regurgitated from my mouth in lagging pieces , as i inched backward toward my bedroom . 
 `` yeah , '' eric said tensely , showing a hint of the awkward boy i knew so well . 
 `` i 'm ... clothes ... hang on , '' i slurred , reaching my doorway at last . 
 after nervously slamming my door shut , i began pacing the bedroom as if my life depended on wearing a path into the carpet . 
 i frantically pulled at my hair and gritted my teeth , trying to bring any sort of reason to what had just happened . 
 finally , i paused in front of the mirror to see the messy-haired monster staring back at me . 
 its eyes were watery , and its lips were pursed tight with bitter judgment . 
 i slumped onto my disheveled bed , head falling into my hands . 
 my thoughts battled from lakin to eric , and back . 
 there was no way to get out of the situation without at least one person i cared for hating me . 
 `` are you okay in there , angie ? '' 
 eric called from the living room . 
 i wondered how long i had been quietly drowning in self-loathing . 
 `` yeah ! 
 be out in a sec ! '' 
 i answered hurriedly . 
 attempting to pull myself back together , i threw on a shirt that smelled relatively clean , and a pair of jeans . 
 i shoveled my hair back into its usual , messy bun , and cleared away all signs of watery detest that had leaked from my eyeballs . 
 oxygen fell all the way to the bottom of my lungs , as i struggled to release my feelings of discomfort through a long , swooshing exhale . 
 opening my bedroom door to eric 's friendly face immediately melted away my anxiety . 
 i did n't know how i would deal with the situation , but i felt no need to continue dwelling on it at that point in time . 
 i would do what i often did ; nothing . 
 at least until i absolutely had to do something . 
 eric offered me his elbow , and i graciously accepted . 
 we walked through the hall toward the elevator , arms intertwined and grinning like gleeful children going to the playground . 
 we did n't speak , but the silence was n't uncomfortable like i had expected it to be . 
 the atmosphere did n't feel too terribly different from any other time we had gotten lunch together . 
 the feeling of familiarity and comfort was immediately robbed from us , as the elevator doors opened to reveal al 's chiseled face . 
 `` oh , hi ! 
 am i interrupting something ? '' 
 al asked casually . 
 `` actually -- '' eric began . 
 `` we 're just going to get some lunch , '' i butted in . 
 the jerk eric had apologized for being the day before returned with a sideways glance and half-hearted scowl . 
 al caught on to eric 's sudden shift in attitude , and took it upon himself to relieve the tension . 
 `` i wo n't keep you , then . 
 angie , would you mind showing me around the rest of the building later ? 
 whenever you 're available , that is ? '' 
 al asked politely , ushering us past him into the lift . 
 `` sure , uh ... do you want to ride back down to your floor with us ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no , no , no . 
 that 's alright . 
 i 'll take the next one , '' al said with a slick grin as the doors closed between us . 
 the feeling of comfort had all but disappeared , while eric stood rigidly beside me . 
 i shook my head at myself , running over in my mind the cobweb of drama i had unintentionally weaved . 
 lakin was upset about eric . 
 eric was upset about al. . 
 al , well ... al was n't upset about anything , but i was upset about everything . 
 neither of us uttered a word as we made our way through the food queue in caf 1 . 
 i glanced around at the various scientists who were enjoying a midday snack or cup of coffee . 
 some sat alone , surrounded by piles of paperwork , while others chatted merrily in groups about who-knows-what . 
 `` good morning , angie ! '' 
 paula called from behind a mound of sausage links , her hairnet gradually migrating down to her eyebrows . 
 `` it 's about noon , is n't it , paula ? '' 
 i asked , letting a few pancakes fall onto my plate with a muffled thud . 
 `` morning for you , though . '' 
 she winked . 
 `` i 've been meaning to ask you , what kind of cake do you want for your birthday ? '' 
 i was stunned that i had managed to forget my own birthday was coming up . 
 i would be turning eighteen in just a couple of weeks , not that it made any sort of difference inside the facility . 
 cake was the only real reason to look forward to birthdays . 
 paula was a molecular gastronomist , but was rarely able to share her amazing talents . 
 birthdays were among the few rare occasions when she could really shine . 
 for my seventeenth birthday , she had made a chocolate and winter-mint cake ; each bite emitted a puff of fog from your mouth -- it was freakin ' magical . 
 `` surprise me ! '' 
 i exclaimed , knowing whatever she 'd decide to make would be absolutely amazing . 
 `` you bet i will , '' paula said happily . 
 after an enjoyable exchange with the chef , i had almost forgotten that eric was acting like a jerkwad . 
 i followed him silently to a table at the back of the room . 
 as we sat across from each other , i was able to see a stressed look on his face . 
 he looked like a child who had just been mugged of his scooter by the neighborhood bully . 
 `` are you just going to fume for the rest of the day ? '' 
 i asked blatantly , taking a bite of pancakes , which had been massacred with syrup . 
 `` no . '' 
 eric was quick to respond . 
 `` good , '' i said through a mouthful of deliciousness . 
 `` why was al going to your apartment ? '' 
 eric asked accusingly . 
 `` gee , i do n't know . 
 he did ask if i would show him around later . 
 perhaps he was hoping i would be free to do it now . 
 he 's also my therapist , so maybe he just wanted to poke at my brain with a stick , '' i said . 
 i was a bit ashamed of my minor air of snobbery , but did n't care enough to apologize . 
 `` none of your other therapists made house calls , '' eric murmured in a low tone . 
 `` they most certainly did ! 
 it just did n't bother you , because they were all old and furry . 
 what , exactly , is your problem with al ? '' 
 i questioned , dropping my fork with a clink . 
 `` i already told you . 
 it 's obvious that the only reason they brought him here is for you to fall for him . 
 you sure seemed quick to trust him . '' 
 eric grimaced , arms crossed . 
 `` just because i 'm being nice to him does n't mean i trust him . 
 honestly , eric , listen to yourself . 
 you 're acting like a ... like a jealous little ... like a jealous little hamster ! '' 
 i said , rolling my eyes at myself for desperately latching onto the first words i could think of . 
 `` a jealous little hamster ? 
 what does that even mean ? '' 
 eric asked , one eyebrow raised . 
 `` i. . . 
 i do n't kn -- the point is that you 're jealous , and of my shrink none-the-less . 
 it 's completely ridiculous , '' i concluded , returning to my pancakes . 
 eric stared blankly at me for a moment , before rising to his feet . 
 he said nothing as he picked up his plate of uneaten food , and made his way toward the door . 
 `` i guess i 'll see you later , then , '' i called , but received no response . 
 i finished my food in lonely silence , reconsidering the abnormal feelings of attraction toward eric that i had experienced earlier . 
 i deduced that receiving my first conscious kiss had sent my hormones into a frenzy , and had confused me into believing the boy who had been standing in front of me was some sort of gorgeous , mature god . 
 i convinced myself that i would not be making that mistake again , as i walked the remainder of my plate to the compost bin . 
 `` everything alright , angie ? '' 
 paula asked before i could make my way out the door . 
 `` everything is always alright , paula , '' i replied with a weak smile . 
 `` that 's my girl . 
 you want to know a secret ? '' 
 she asked , leaning over a tray of biscuits , so as not to let anyone else hear . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked curiously . 
 `` boys are dumb , '' she said , nudging me gently on the chin with her balled fist . 
 `` you know ... i had my suspicions . '' 
 i smiled , actually feeling a bit cheerier . 
 lakin 's face found its way into my mind as i trotted toward the elevator . 
 i imagined a growing look of despair in his clouded eyes , as he witnessed my encounter with eric . 
 ` no , ' i thought , ` i 'm not going to deal with it yet . ' 
 i cleared my mind with a sigh , as the lift opened to the intensely-lit eleventh floor . 
 i passed sterile , white doors , all identical except for small , black numbers bolted below the peepholes . 
 i came to a halt in front of number twenty-two and was about to knock , when the door opened in front of me . 
 `` help ! '' 
 al shouted at me , panic saturating every fiber of his being . 
 `` what ? 
 are you okay ?! 
 what is it ? '' 
 i screamed in terror as he dragged me by the arm into the miniature apartment . 
 my eyes shifted , expecting to find a fire , or maybe a giant spider . 
 al leaped to the small kitchen area , struggling with something he had smothered in a towel on the counter . 
 a brownish , grimy-looking liquid had seeped down the cupboards onto the floor , inching its way toward my feet . 
 i tip-toed around the fluid , until i was an arm hair 's length from the frantic therapist . 
 `` it wo n't stop ! '' 
 al exclaimed . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i frowned . 
 i imagined some sort of strange , dying creature lying helplessly under the damp fabric . 
 i reached hesitantly for the towel , sweeping it to the floor in one swift motion . 
 `` you 've got to be kidding me , '' i scoffed . 
 there , in the middle of al 's countertop , was a mangled coffee-maker , spewing scalding , brown liquid from all the places it was n't meant to be spewing from . 
 i looked at al in amazement , before yanking the cord from the outlet behind it . 
 the machine continued to percolate for a moment , then died out with a pitiful hiss . 
 `` that 's one way to do it , '' al said breathlessly . 
 i was at a loss for words . 
 the man who was supposed to be evaluating my mental health on a daily basis had just been attacked by a coffee maker . 
 it was n't very reassuring . 
 `` are you a child , posing as an adult ? '' 
 i asked insultingly . 
 `` i 'm just not used to violent kitchen appliances , '' al explained , smirking as he scooted the towel around on the floor with his foot . 
 `` excuses , excuses , '' i said . 
 while i watched al clean up the bloody remains of the great java war of 2012 , my thoughts circled in on one , tiny detail i most likely would have missed , had i been any sort of useful in helping to tidy up the mess . 
 `` hey , how did you know i was outside ? '' 
 i questioned . 
 `` what ? 
 i heard you knock , '' al said innocently from the floor . 
 `` you opened the door before i knocked . '' 
 my eyes narrowed in suspicion . 
 `` oh . 
 i thought i heard it , '' al said pensively , pausing his floor-scrubbing duties for a brief moment . 
 `` no , i definitely did not knock , '' i stated adamantly . 
 `` hmm ... '' al shrugged , returning his attention to the floor . 
 al reminded me of myself , in that instant ; he was a very convincing liar . 
 i , however , was not fooled . 
 my eyes flickered up to the small camera in the corner of the room , then back to the man on the floor . 
 i wondered if he was a psychic of some sort , if he had sensed me approaching the door . 
 i knew lakin would laugh at me later for the idea . 
 he would call me paranoid and obsessed with the unlikely . 
 just as the thought of lakin 's probable response crossed my mind , i noticed al suppress a chuckle . 
 i had been watching him intently while my mind wandered . 
 was he actually psychic ? 
 had he been able to see or hear my thoughts about lakin ? 
 was he still listening ? 
 the glittering , blue eyes connected with mine , showing the same oceans of knowledge i thought i had seen the night before when he wished me sweet dreams . 
 my heart felt as though it was about to migrate up through my throat and land on the newly-polished linoleum . 
 i held my breath , waiting eagerly for al to give me some hint that i was on the right track . 
 `` how about that tour , then ? '' 
 he asked , pushing himself to his feet . 
 a sigh of disappointment escaped me , releasing my entire body from the tight , internal chains of anxiety . 
 lakin was right , i was paranoid and obsessed with the unlikely . 
 chapter eight wardrobe malfunction it had been approximately seventy-two hours since i last slept . 
 i kept myself locked up in my apartment , avoiding everyone in the real world as well as in my dreams . 
 i stared at myself in the mirror , prodding at the dark shadows that had taken up residency beneath my eyes . 
 the first thirty-six hours were n't too bad , but not long after , a sense of surrealism had begun to consume me . 
 i lived on coffee , even though it seemed to have lost its influence around hour-forty . 
 i spent the majority of my time as a zombie , sitting on the couch watching old british sitcoms , and laughing at jokes i did n't really understand . 
 i was terrified at the thought of confronting lakin about the incident with eric . 
 i had n't spoken to mr. smoochy-face since he stormed out of caf 1 . 
 the last time i could remember having a fight with him , i was around eight years old . 
 he would n't let me play with his new scooter , so i punched him in the face ; we did n't talk for an entire four hours . 
 our most recent conflict seemed significantly worse . 
 in the epitome of my forced insomnia , i imagined possibility after possibility of how lakin could react when i told him about what had happened between me and eric . 
 the imaginings started with simple , heated arguments , but as my lack of sleep progressed , i began picturing fantastical things . 
 i visualized lakin willing a dragon into the room to eat my face . 
 i imagined him with a greasy , pointed mustache , villainously tying me up to a train track . 
 i pictured him force-feeding me spoonful after spoonful of sauerkraut . 
 i shuddered . 
 i was brought back from my imagination by a few loud raps at the front door . 
 i was n't entirely aware of how my body was still functioning , but my feet managed to carry me through the living room . 
 i glanced quickly to the microwave ; four o’clock . 
 i looked at my hologram-window to determine whether it was morning or afternoon . 
 little , chirping birds told me that i did not have a mysterious , late-night visitor . 
 i slowly pulled the door open to al 's annoyingly cheerful face . 
 it probably was n't actually annoying , but everything is irritating when you have n't slept for a billion years . 
 al 's smile subsided when he noticed how horrendous i looked . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 i have n't seen you in a few days ago . 
 you look awful ! '' 
 al observed , following me to the sofa . 
 `` thanks , '' i said sarcastically , burying my face in a mug of coffee that had gone cold . 
 `` i 'm serious . 
 are you sick ? '' 
 he asked , pressing the back of his warm hand to my forehead . 
 `` no , i just have n't been sleeping well . 
 or at all , '' i said , shoving his hand away from my face . 
 al 's expression was unreadable , possibly because i was sleep-deprived . 
 `` well , you can tell me all about it in our first session , '' al said cheerfully , pulling a shiny new notebook out of his worn messenger bag . 
 `` now ? '' 
 i groaned , eyeing the notebook wearily . 
 `` yes , now , '' al said , mocking my tone , `` why have n't you been sleeping ? '' 
 i stopped to think for a moment , trying to decide on a good reason for my insomnia . 
 my delay could have easily been attributed to my sleeplessness , but i was surprised to find that al saw right through me . 
 `` you 're trying to think of a good lie to tell me , are n't you ? '' 
 he said , still smiling as his frosty eyes pierced my soul . 
 `` no , '' i lied , `` eric and i had a fight . '' 
 inwardly , i nodded to myself with satisfaction . 
 it was n't technically a lie , and it was kind of the reason i did n't want to sleep ; i did n't want to confront lakin about it . 
 al took to his notebook with a pen , shaking his head with a grin of disbelief . 
 even though i could tell he was n't buying into my story , he went along with it . 
 `` what did you fight about ? '' 
 he asked sincerely . 
 `` i do n't think that 's really any of your business , '' i said conclusively . 
 `` i 'm your psychologist . 
 everything is my business , '' al stated rather matter-of-factly . 
 `` fine , '' i said , sneering as i made myself comfortable on the couch . 
 `` we fought about you . '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 he asked , the corners of his mouth curling upward slightly . 
 `` why were you fighting about me ? '' 
 `` eric seems to think william had an ulterior motive when he hired you , '' i said plainly , as i rigorously examined my fingernails . 
 `` and what ulterior motive would that be ? '' 
 he asked , propping his elbow on his lap to rest his chin in his palm . 
 `` something about having me falling head over heels for you , so i inevitably confess everything i 've never confessed to the raggedy old men and women before you , '' i said , waving my hand at the idea . 
 `` why does he think that ? '' 
 al questioned seriously . 
 `` i suspect because you 're young and charming , '' i admitted . 
 i looked up to study al 's face . 
 his eyebrows were creased in evident disappointment . 
 `` handsome is n't on the list ? '' 
 he asked with a joking tone of resentment . 
 `` whoa ! 
 cover yourself up , your ego is showing ! '' 
 i exclaimed , sharing a laugh with the man a few feet from me . 
 young , charming , attractive ; al was all of those things , but i still detected something off about him . 
 he was definitely hiding something , and i was determined to find out what . 
 `` so your boyfriend does n't trust me . 
 that 's why you were fighting ? '' 
 al asked , the reminiscent laughter slowly fading from his face . 
 i cringed at the word -- boyfriend . 
 it felt so unnatural . 
 so accusatory . 
 my ears felt as though they had caught fire , while simultaneously being stabbed by a thousand , tiny needles . 
 eric could n't be my boyfriend -- he just could n't be . 
 i forced back a sudden feeling of nausea , and nodded my head in response to al 's question . 
 `` something like that , '' i said . 
 `` do you think that 's why i was hired ? '' 
 he did n't seem to be asking just for my opinion ; he was honestly curious . 
 the question flooded through my mind like a plagued river , contaminating every gooey crevasse of my brain . 
 though eric 's reasons for distrust were based on jealousy , he did have a good point . 
 why else would william have hired a fresh , young psychologist who had only been out of school for a year ? 
 all of my previous therapists had been established for at least twenty years in the world of using words to prod patients ' brains ; most of them had spent decades driving insane people back to sanity -- sometimes vice versa . 
 as talented as i was at coming up with off-the-wall theories , i could n't comprehend any other reason for al 's presence in my room at that very moment . 
 `` yes , '' i said blatantly . 
 al fervently scribbled in his notebook for a few moments , a thoughtful look on his face . 
 my thoughts returned to the paranoid feelings from a few days before , that the man sitting across from me was psychic . 
 paranoia combined with insomnia makes for a very dangerous concoction . 
 i wondered if he was still listening to my thoughts -- if he knew the real reason i was n't sleeping . 
 as lakin 's face meandered back into my head , al suspiciously stopped writing . 
 his wintry eyes sent chills down my spine , as a mischievous grin spread across his face . 
 `` then i guess i 'll just have to stop being so charming , '' al said with a wink . 
 i exhaled loudly , realizing i had been holding my breath during the short , unreasonable adventure in my mind . 
 i chuckled nervously at al 's words , attempting to feign normalcy . 
 `` honestly , angie , i understand that we 're still strangers . 
 i would n't expect you to trust me right away . 
 i certainly would n't trust me if i were in your shoes . 
 i do n't know exactly how your previous psychologists treated you , but from their notes i 'm guessing less like a human being and more like a research project , '' al said sympathetically . 
 i was shaken . 
 nobody had ever called me a human being before . 
 i was never entirely sure that i was one . 
 `` a lot of what i see in your file is that you were unwilling to answer certain questions . 
 now , if there 's something i 'm supposed to be weaseling out of you , it was n't in my job description . 
 as far as i 'm concerned , i 'm here to listen to whatever you need to talk about . 
 of course i want you to feel like you can trust me , but i know that i need to earn it , '' al said reassuringly . 
 it was the first time a therapist had actually spoken to me like a peer , as opposed to an inferior being . 
 i realized that it could have all been part of william 's scheme , but al seemed sincere . 
 i could tell that he was n't lying ; he truly wanted to earn my trust , and was unaware that there was information his predecessors had failed to get out of me . 
 `` thank you . 
 i appreciate that , '' i said honestly . 
 al smiled with a nod , eyes sparkling with a type of friendliness that was uncommon within the walls of the facility . 
 `` so what would you feel comfortable talking about ? '' 
 al asked , leaning back in his seat . 
 `` what do you want to know ? '' 
 i responded , unsure of where to start . 
 `` let 's start with how you feel about being here . 
 you 're obviously aware that this is n't a normal life , '' he noted , a touch of empathy in his voice . 
 another question i had never been asked . 
 none of my previous shrinks really seemed to care about my thoughts on the subject of being imprisoned my entire life . 
 i was surprised to the point that i was uncertain how to answer . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 'm just used to it , i guess . 
 it 's not really something i think about . 
 this is my life , '' i said with a shrug . 
 `` fair enough , '' al said , not pushing the matter . 
 `` can you tell me about these amazing abilities you have ? '' 
 `` what about them ? '' 
 i asked confusedly . 
 `` have you had them your entire life ? 
 how do you manipulate elements ? '' 
 al questioned , taking to his notebook . 
 i sat up rigidly , my eyes narrowing as his words stabbed at my paranoia . 
 the only people who ever described my abilities as ` manipulating elements ' were the people i socialized with in my dreams . 
 on top of that , how did he know i was only capable of manipulating elements ? 
 he had seen me turn water into a giant fortress of ice , but how did he know i was n't capable of doing more than just manipulating water , fire , air , and earth ? 
 perhaps william , or one of the scientists told him . 
 `` well , i 've been here my whole life -- and my abilities are why i 'm here , so i 'm assuming i 've had them since i was born , '' i explained , shaking my apprehensions out of my mind . 
 `` and i 'm not really sure how i do these things . 
 it 's kind of like asking with my entire body . 
 then it just ... happens . '' 
 al nodded , writing frantically as i spoke . 
 i wondered if he was actually taking notes on the session , or if he was doodling something obscene and amusing . 
 just as that thought crossed my mind , al stopped writing . 
 a small grin spread temporarily over his lips , but it only lasted for a moment , before he returned to his scribbling . 
 suspicious . 
 `` tell me about those things on your wrists . 
 why do you have to wear them ? '' 
 al continued . 
 `` because william does n't trust me , '' i said with a sigh . 
 `` i tried to escape by using my abilities when i was younger -- i flooded his office . 
 he said they 're for everyone 's protection , including my own -- he 's probably just upset that i ruined his favorite desk . 
 if i start to use my powers , the electro-cuffs shock me . '' 
 `` that 's what happened when i met you . 
 what were you trying to do then ? '' 
 al inquired . 
 `` i ... '' i paused , looking for the words to best explain what happens when i go into someone 's mind . 
 `` when i touch someone , i can see things . '' 
 `` their thoughts ? '' 
 al asked , raising an eyebrow . 
 `` no , not exactly . 
 it 's like ... i can see and feel what they 've experienced , but i see it and feel it from their point of view , '' i said , wondering if i had explained in a way that could be understood . 
 al stared silently at me , his eyes shifting slightly as he appeared to think over my words . 
 i could see a look of determination plaguing his face , but i was unable to decipher what the determination was for . 
 we sat there in the quiet for what seemed like an eternity , watching each other . 
 `` i think that 'll do for today , '' al said finally , rising to his feet . 
 `` i was told it 's not customary for your therapist to attend your lab-runs , but i would like to come watch tomorrow , if you do n't mind . '' 
 `` that should be fine , '' i stated , standing to walk al the short distance to the door . 
 my head spun slightly as slumber did its best to tear through me like a vulture . 
 my limbs felt too heavy to be attached , and attempted to drag me downward . 
 al was quick to catch me , holding me up by a strong grip on my arm . 
 he lowered me back down to the sofa with one hand , eyes inspecting me with worry . 
 `` i 'll let myself out , '' he said softly , making his way to the door . 
 `` and angie ... get some sleep . 
 it has to happen eventually . '' 
 i stared blankly at the door as al closed it behind him . 
 my thoughts would have been racing , if i had n't been so incredibly tired . 
 still , pushing through my sleepiness , i felt my suspicions had been confirmed . 
 al could tell that i was n't just having troubles sleeping ; he knew that i was actively keeping myself from sleep . 
 how could he know that ? 
 as my body forced itself into a horizontal position on the couch , i continued to think . 
 how could he possibly -- i was n't even able to finish my thought , before opening my eyes to the warm welcome of the energy room . 
 i felt completely rejuvenated , as i observed my surroundings . 
 at first , i was surprised to see that none of the chairs had bodies in them , until i heard loud shouts of laughter coming from behind me . 
 `` angie ! '' 
 nadia shrieked happily . 
 i turned in my chair to see a large bouncy-house shaped like a giraffe . 
 nadia and bryant seemed as happy as ... well , as happy as children bouncing in a bouncy-house . 
 `` look what bryant brought into the room ! '' 
 nadia shouted , dark locks of hair floating wildly around her as she sprung into the air . 
 a chuckle pushed its way out of my throat as i strolled toward the humorous example of age being a number instead of a rule . 
 `` you do realize we 're almost adults , do n't you ? '' 
 i called from the netted doorway of the giraffe 's legs . 
 `` your point being ? '' 
 bryant asked , pausing from his bouncy endeavors just long enough to yank me by the wrists into the air-filled creature . 
 we spent longer than seventeen-year-olds really should have spent jumping and laughing . 
 we had been thoroughly enjoying ourselves , until nadia went and asked the question i had been hoping nobody would ask . 
 `` where have you been , angie ? 
 i have n't seen you in days , '' nadia questioned , gasping for air as she seated herself on the fluffy floor of the bouncy-house . 
 `` it 's kind of a long story . 
 well ... it 's not , i guess , '' i said , looking down in shame as i fidgeted with the hem of my pants . 
 `` eric kissed me . '' 
 nadia and bryant both stared at me with looks of bewilderment . 
 `` did you kiss him back ? '' 
 bryant asked in an accusing tone . 
 `` a little bit . 
 i did n't mean to ... it just happened , '' i explained in humiliation . 
 `` what are you going to tell -- '' nadia began , cutting herself off as her gaze migrated to something behind me . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 lakin asked in amazement , inspecting the large giraffe we were sitting inside of . 
 nadia and bryant looked at each other nervously . 
 their eyes fell everywhere but on me and lakin . 
 i sighed with exhaustion , pushing myself unsteadily to my feet . 
 the soft floor of the bouncy-house warped beneath me as i migrated closer to the boy whose heart was about to break . 
 `` we need to talk , '' i said solemnly , taking his hand as he helped me down to the floor . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 lakin asked worriedly . 
 `` go back a few days , '' i said quietly , holding lakin 's hand firmly in mine . 
 `` what -- '' lakin began in protest . 
 `` just do it , '' i ordered . 
 i looked away as lakin 's eyes clouded over , tears filling my own . 
 i felt my hand being crushed , as he relived the incident with eric . 
 i imagined the thoughts that must have been racing through his head as he felt my contentment with kissing someone other than himself . 
 as lakin slowly dropped his hand from mine , i could n't bring myself to meet his gaze . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said , finally turning my head . 
 i searched the room with frantic eyes , but lakin was nowhere to be found . 
 he must have forced himself awake out of anger , or perhaps sorrow . 
 i glanced back to the bouncy-house , where bryant and nadia were avoiding my stare . 
 ` what have i done ? ' 
 i thought to myself . 
 ` what have i ruined ? ' 
 chapter nine burning i walked slowly to the elevator at the end of the hall , unable to erase lakin from my mind . 
 i had eventually been able to talk to everyone in the room about the fiasco , but very little was made in the way of progress . 
 lyla had given a thoughtless ` you go , girl ! ' 
 when she witnessed my encounter with eric . 
 joseph had n't said anything at all , instead ignoring me for the rest of the evening ; the reaction i had most expected from lakin . 
 bryant and nadia had discussed possible methods of apology , from chocolate and flowers , to proposals of marriage . 
 i knew there was very little i could do to make up for what i had already done . 
 i leaned against the wall of the elevator , the number ` 28 ' shining at me from the button module . 
 i stared unblinkingly , as the lift came to an unexpected stop at floor eleven . 
 al walked through the doors hesitantly , issuing me a sideways glance . 
 `` did you get some sleep ? '' 
 he asked , keeping his eyes forward as the elevator continued its trek downward . 
 `` yes , '' i droned . 
 `` how did that work out for you ? '' 
 he questioned curiously . 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 i snapped , unable to control myself . 
 `` nothing , '' al was quick to respond , very obviously trying to avoid a confrontation . 
 `` do you feel better ? '' 
 `` i feel worse , '' i huffed . 
 `` well , i would n't worry about it . 
 these things have a way of working themselves out , '' al stated wisely , patting me on the shoulder . 
 i wondered if he was referring to my fight with eric , or to my situation with lakin . 
 at that point , i did n't care much about whether my new psychologist was a mind-reader . 
 i just wanted to get the fire lab-run over with , and retreat back to my sanctuary of solitude . 
 i thought if i slept all day , maybe i would be able to catch lakin and try to apologize . 
 the doors opened to a large room not unlike the one where i had conjured the ice-towers . 
 the only difference was that there was nothing on the other side of the glass divider , except for an unlit blue candle sitting on a small metal stand . 
 all of the computers and gadgets were conveniently placed far away from the nearly-empty room , and all of the employees were wearing white , fire-proof attire . 
 al looked around curiously . 
 his expression reminded me of myself as a child , when i was first introduced to the labs ; curious and amazed . 
 eddie , typing something onto a computer i probably would n't understand if i tried , waved us over with a smile . 
 `` how are you doing , angie ? 
 you have n't come down for dinner in a while , '' eddie asked , searching my face for some sort of explanation . 
 `` i have n't been feeling well . 
 better now , though , '' i said , forcing a grin . 
 `` i thought maybe you and eric had an argument , or something . 
 he 's been sort of testy the last few days , '' eddie prodded , eyeing me suspiciously . 
 `` he 's stubborn , '' i admitted , leaning against the white desk eddie was working at . 
 `` he gets it from his mother , '' eddie said unthinkingly , staring at his computer . 
 i snorted , nodding my head at the truth eddie had just stated . 
 as kind and warm as emmy was , she could certainly be stubborn at times . 
 eric was like his mother in other ways , too . 
 he often emanated the same caring aura as emmy , especially when i was particularly upset about something . 
 i suddenly realized that , even though eric had been acting a bit like an idiot , i had n't been a very good friend to him recently . 
 i had been treating him as though he was unimportant , and as if i was n't fond of him . 
 i had mislead him and flat out lied to him ; lied to the only person within the walls of the facility who truly knew everything about me . 
 my heart fluttered with sadness . 
 `` alright , i think we 're all set . 
 are you ready ? '' 
 eddie asked me , standing from his seat to look me over . 
 `` what am i doing ? '' 
 i asked , as eddie led me to the glass door . 
 my question was answered without words , as a wave of intense heat billowed out from behind the opening door . 
 droplets of sweat instantly trickled down my face as i entered the muggy room behind the glass divider . 
 `` you guys are really pushing it , are n't you ? '' 
 i said as more of a statement than a question . 
 `` what ? 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 al asked excitedly , his dark hair wet and matted against his perspiring forehead . 
 `` they seem to think that i might be able to start fire out of heat . 
 even though it 's never even come close to working before , '' i stated , rolling my eyes . 
 `` you had never been able to ice over a tank of water before , either . 
 have a little faith in yourself , '' eddie said , smiling . 
 i shook my head as eddie closed and locked the glass door , separating al and us from everyone else in the room . 
 i cringed , a loud crackling sound ringing through the room as eddie enabled the speaker system . 
 he ran through the usual procedure , ending with the green light on my electro-cuffs transforming into a bright , enabling red . 
 every time i saw that little red light , i felt like an obese elephant was lifted from my chest . 
 `` now take your time , and do your best . 
 i believe in you , '' eddie said encouragingly , leaning against the far wall next to al. . 
 i sighed , moving behind the lonely candle with hesitation . 
 i let my hands fall on either side of the small stand , closing my eyes to focus on the overwhelming heat of the room . 
 i imagined the warmth surrounding me , condensing into a fiery ball of energy in front of my chest , and lowering itself to the candle wick . 
 i peeked out one eye to see if my attempt was working ; nothing . 
 i whipped my head toward al as he stifled a chuckle of amusement . 
 eddie looked to the man next to him with a bit of confusion , obviously unsure of what was so funny . 
 i shook my arms at my sides , closing my eyes again to focus . 
 i felt the heat encapsulate me , sweat saturating my clothes . 
 i inhaled slowly , breathing the warmth deep into my lungs . 
 i felt the hotness of my fingertips increase , until it seemed as though i were resting my hands on the inside of an oven . 
 the growing sound of sizzling spread to my ears , as my body temperature continued to rise . 
 ` focus , ' the voice in my head said . 
 ` you can do this . ' 
 my eyes opened wide , as i realized the voice speaking inside my head was not my own . 
 i was not spouting off words of encouragement within my own mind ; al was . 
 i could have been imagining it , but i had clearly heard al 's voice , even though he had n't spoken . 
 i looked , once again , to the men standing against the wall , my body temperature still rising . 
 translucent steam was beginning to churn from my hands and arms as my sweat evaporated from the heat . 
 my eyes connected with the arctic forces that were staring back at me from al 's face . 
 a wave of overwhelming energy streamed through me , coursing outward in all directions like a nuclear bomb . 
 the same overwhelming pain from a few days before pierced my head , but i was no longer concerned about bullets . 
 a grimace of agony spread across my face , feeling as though my entire body had caught fire ; the most intense burning sensation remaining in my fingertips . 
 miserable , tortured screams rang through the air , presumably from my own mouth . 
 as my vision cleared a little through the red-orange light that surrounded me , i was stunned into silence by the amazing reflection glaring back at me from the glass divider . 
 i had felt like my entire body was on fire , because my entire body was on fire . 
 flames licked the air all around me , searching for objects to engulf . 
 i held my hands in front of me , inspecting them curiously , mouth agape in awe . 
 as my body became more accustomed to being completely consumed by flame , the pain of the burning sensation subsided to a warm tickle . 
 i wiggled my fingers in front of my face , grinning as the flames flickered excitedly around them . 
 just as i reached out a flame-engulfed hand to the candle wick , the most intense shock of electricity i had ever felt flowed through my body . 
 i fell to the floor in a convulsion , growling in pain as i pawed haphazardly at my wrists . 
 the room felt exceptionally colder as i lay on my side gasping for breath , the final waves of electricity diminishing . 
 i forced my eyes open , my face resting against the cool tile . 
 past the green light of my shackles , i saw a swarm of bodies buzzing around the area where al and eddie had been observing me . 
 i weakly pushed myself up to my elbows , head woozy due to the sudden relief from excruciating pain . 
 realization dawned on me , as the scream from a few moments before replayed in my head : it had been a male voice , not my own . 
 i searched frantically for eddie from my knees , finding my legs far too wobbly to stand . 
 a sigh of relief shot out of my lungs as my eyes fell on the ginger-haired man in the corner of the room , hands covering the bottom of his face , his eyes bulging in horror . 
 my heart sank , comprehending that the only other person in the room had been -- `` ow ! 
 owwwwww ! '' 
 al called out from the center of the mob that had formed around him . 
 i hoisted myself to my feet , swaying slightly as i inched closer to the swarm of hysterical medics and scientists . 
 `` i 'm fine ! 
 just sto -- oww ! 
 stop touching it ! '' 
 al shouted , causing the horde to jump back a bit . 
 through a small crack in elbows , i caught a glimpse of al 's bright red face , an unhealthy gloss shining from his skin . 
 i attempted to push my way through the crowd , but mostly just fell on top of people until i was on the ground next to my recently singed therapist . 
 `` al ! 
 oh my god ! 
 i 'm so sorry ! 
 are you alright ?! '' 
 i shouted , taking in every bit of his excruciating appearance . 
 al 's head had taken on the likeness of a desert prairie , small tufts of crispy hair strewn about in random places like tumbleweeds . 
 all that was left of his eyebrows were patches of red , gooey skin , matching the rest of his face and neck . 
 the backs of his hands were blackened , large boils covering his knuckles ; apparently he had tried to shield himself . 
 `` i 've been better , '' al said , wincing in pain as the skin around his mouth pulled tightly with the motion of his lips . 
 `` turn my electro-cuffs off ! '' 
 i shouted hurriedly to the blank glances surrounding me , `` someone , turn my electro-cuffs off , now ! '' 
 i was met merely by unresponsive stares . 
 eddie paced in the corner of the room , mumbling to himself about something or another . 
 the medics fumbled with their first aid kids , pulling out salves and gauze , only to have their helpful attempts batted away by al 's mottled hands . 
 i sighed in exasperation , grinding my teeth as the electric current returned to my body . 
 pain pulsed through my arms as i closed my eyes to focus . 
 i snarled , the pain growing more intense as balls of white light protruded from my palms . 
 the healing light disappeared quickly , like a turtle inside its shell , as the electric waves halted . 
 i gasped for breath , feeling faint . 
 `` someone turn these damned things off ! '' 
 i bellowed angrily . 
 with wide eyes , dr. helmsworth rushed hesitantly to a computer on the other side of the divider . 
 he eyed me nervously , before the little red light returned to my shackles . 
 my eyes sparkled as i quickly forced streams of soothing light onto al 's hands and face . 
 spider webs of healed , pinkish skin trailed out across the shiny redness that covered him , relieving the pain as it grew . 
 al looked quite odd , covered in new , rosy skin . 
 i could n't do anything for his eyebrows or hair , but at least he was no longer in agony . 
 i rested next to him , back against the wall , as my body twitched with diminishing tenseness . 
 out of the corner of my eye , i saw the little green lights return to my wrists . 
 `` thank you , '' al sighed , examining his hands with a child-like fascination . 
 `` for burning your eyebrows off ?! '' 
 i huffed in embarrassment . 
 al gaped at me , raising his hands to his face . 
 his laughter surprised me , as he navigated the vacant paths of his hairline . 
 i was incapable of understanding how the man sitting next to me found humor in the situation ; how he was n't attempting to strangle me in burning rage , no pun intended . 
 the crowd dispersed with a morbid air , allowing a pair of shiny black shoes to come to a stop before me . 
 my eyes migrated upward , filling with terror as they took in the image of a strict-looking man in a pristine black suit , salt-and-pepper hair slicked back with eerie precision . 
 `` come with me , angela , '' william commanded , not bothering to acknowledge the existence of anyone around us . 
 william 's stern tone worried me , but i did not protest . 
 after all , i had just caught my new psychologist on fire ; i highly doubted that this sort of behavior would have been acceptable in any situation . 
 even though i had n't purposely scorched al to the point of eyebrowlessness , i was sure to be reprimanded . 
 i followed william out of the room , which had fallen deathly silent , except for eddie 's panicked mumbling . 
 i remained in his quiet , towering shadow all the way up to the third floor , where the elevator doors opened to a view that was quite different from the other levels of the facility . 
 the floor was a dark , spotless hardwood , polished enough to see your own self-doubt . 
 the walls were papered in a fancy , black and gray damask pattern , giving the slight resemblance to an old funeral home . 
 covering the entire left wall was a royal-looking bar , filled with every type of fancy wine and liquor a rich old man might be proud to own . 
 in the middle of the room was a lengthy , professional-looking mahogany table , black leather rolling chairs lining each side . 
 `` have a seat , '' william ordered nonchalantly , taking a seat himself in the largest chair at the far end . 
 i did as i was told , sitting a few seats away from the stern man , so as to hopefully prevent being spat on out of anger . 
 i fiddled indifferently with the arm of my chair , avoiding making eye contact with william . 
 `` can you tell me , honestly , that this was not another one of your ridiculous escape attempts ? '' 
 he asked drearily , interlacing his fingers on the table in front of him . 
 i looked up , bewildered . 
 the thought that catching al on fire could have been perceived as an effort to escape had n't even crossed my mind . 
 `` what ? 
 no ! 
 it was an accident . 
 we were working on a new ability . 
 i could n't control it , '' i explained , almost offended . 
 william eyed me diligently , struggling to identify any hint that i was lying . 
 he remained silent , apparently expecting me to confess to something . 
 i pushed myself back in my chair , crossing my arms heatedly . 
 my forehead wrinkled in irritation as my ears began to burn . 
 `` if i had been trying to escape , do n't you think i would have , oh i do n't know ... tried to escape ?! '' 
 i asked irascibly . 
 `` do n't you think i would have actually tried to get away while everyone was preoccupied , instead of stepping right into the middle of the crowd to help al ? '' 
 a gutty laugh made its way out of william 's throat , bouncing adamantly off the walls . 
 i glowered at him , scoffing at his jolliness . 
 `` i only wanted to be certain , angela . 
 calm down . '' 
 william 's gray eyes glistened , much like the eyes of every villain i had ever seen in movies . 
 `` so , am i in trouble ? 
 or can i go ? '' 
 i snapped impatiently . 
 `` you 're not in trouble , no , '' william began professionally , rising to his feet to pace the room . 
 `` however , this is the second lab-run within a week that has produced unexpected and potentially hazardous results . 
 it would appear that your abilities , for whatever reason , have advanced . 
 i think it is best that you do not participate in any more experiments until we have renovated the labs to be more secure . 
 also ... we will be raising the standby voltage of your electro-cuffs , effective immediately . 
 it is obvious that they are not strong enough to prevent you from attempting to use your abilities while they are activated . '' 
 `` what ?! '' 
 i objected , outraged . 
 `` i was trying to help al ! 
 i could n't even manage to heal him with them on ! '' 
 `` the reason is irrelevant . 
 the purpose of the electro-cuffs is to protect the residents of the facility , as well as yourself , '' he explained . 
 `` it is not up for debate , angela . '' 
 i eyed william furiously , gritting my teeth to keep myself from saying anything i would regret . 
 `` can i go , now ? '' 
 i asked , jaw sore being clamped with all my strength . 
 `` you may , '' william replied , waving his hand as if he were a king sending off a peasant . 
 as i waited for the elevator to return , i kept my back turned to william , teeth still grinding in rage . 
 the doors opened with a ding , granting me my escape from the office i hated so much . 
 `` oh , and angela ... you may want to make amends with young mr. stein . 
 he has shown an interest in his father 's line of work , and i 'm sure it would be less than pleasant for you if your future head researcher had ill feelings toward you . '' 
 william 's voice echoed at me , as the elevator doors closed between us . 
 chapter ten lava i fell quickly into a deep slumber . 
 i was grateful to see two of the other five seats occupied in the grand , white room . 
 my hopeful glances rapidly determined that lakin was still avoiding me . 
 bryant and nadia swiftly scooted their chairs next to mine , detecting the massive amounts of stress that filled my head . 
 without thought , i laid my head on nadia 's shoulder , tears strolling down my cheeks . 
 `` what 's wrong , angie ? '' 
 bryant asked , patting me on the back as i sniffled into nadia 's neck . 
 `` nothing . 
 everything . 
 i do n't know , '' i cried . 
 i was n't much of a crier , but i felt completely overwhelmed by everything that had happened within the last week . 
 it was as if all the emotions i had suppressed throughout my entire life were pressing in on me all at once . 
 i wanted to scream , and to smash things . 
 i wanted to blow things up . 
 i wanted to cuddle a puppy . 
 but the only reaction that my body felt was appropriate to display was crying . 
 `` tell us what happened , '' nadia said in a calming voice . 
 `` i ... caught al ... on fire ... '' i choked between sobs . 
 `` i ... did n't mean to ... it was ... an accident . 
 and ... i even healed him . '' 
 `` everyone makes mistakes . 
 it 's okay , '' nadia cooed . 
 `` but ... they 're increasing security ... and they 're raising ... the voltage ... on my electro-cuffs . 
 they think ... i was trying to escape , '' i hiccupped , sitting up to rub at my puffy eyes . 
 `` did you explain that you did n't scorch him on purpose ? 
 i feel like they should have realized that when you healed him , but people are stupid , '' bryant said quietly , drying off my cheeks with the sleeve of his sweater . 
 `` william does n't care , '' i said , voice cracking a bit as i tried to pull myself together . 
 `` he does n't trust me . 
 i do n't think anyone does . '' 
 `` does it matter if they trust you or not ? 
 you 've never cared about that before , '' nadia said , raising an eyebrow . 
 `` i know , but ... i do n't know . 
 i just feel like things are going to get a lot worse , '' i explained , lowering my head into my hands . 
 `` is al alright , though ? '' 
 nadia asked . 
 i jerked my head up , suddenly remembering what had happened before i was engulfed in flame . 
 i had clearly heard al 's voice inside my head . 
 `` yeah , he 's fine . 
 i need your opinions on something , though , '' i said quickly , holding out my hands to both of them . 
 `` i heard something , just before everything exploded . '' 
 nadia and bryant cautiously placed their hands on mine , allowing their eyes to fog over as they relived my day . 
 i tapped my foot anxiously , waiting for them to finish their visions . 
 `` so ... that ... is , er ... interesting , '' bryant said , eyes shiny with intrigue . 
 `` i knew it ! '' 
 nadia exclaimed , almost bouncing out of her seat . 
 `` well , hold on nad . 
 just because she heard his voice in her head , does n't mean he 's connected to us . 
 none of us are telepathic , '' bryant said , attempting to calm the excited girl next to us . 
 `` we do n't know that for sure , do we ? 
 it might just be between our own kind , and none of us have consciously met another of our kind , '' nadia rambled , bursting at the seams with hope . 
 `` but why could n't i hear him until today ? '' 
 i questioned . 
 `` i do n't know ! 
 stop tearing apart my dreams ! '' 
 nadia bellowed jokingly . 
 `` sorry , '' i chuckled . 
 `` are we agreed , though ? 
 i 'm not crazy . 
 something is up with him . '' 
 `` i still think you 're crazy , '' the most amazing voice i had ever heard spoke up from behind me . 
 i stood as fast as my legs would allow , attacking lakin in an encapsulating hug . 
 a feeling of despair flooded me , as i was not met by welcoming arms . 
 lakin stood quietly , as rigid as stone . 
 i looked up to his face with my watery eyes , releasing him from the grasp he did not return . 
 `` do you hate me ? '' 
 i asked quietly , looking to my feet in shame . 
 lakin remained silent for a moment , intensifying my feelings of guilt . 
 i wondered if i had ruined everything between us , if he could , ever again , feel for me the way i would always feel for him . 
 finally , his soft hand met my chin , lifting my face to meet his eyes . 
 `` i could never hate you . 
 i 'm just upset , and dealing with it the only way i can , '' lakin explained , sweeping a tear from my cheek with his thumb . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' i whispered . 
 `` i know you are . 
 i just ca n't accept it , right now , '' lakin said honestly , brushing a stray lock of hair away from my forehead . 
 i leaned my face into his warm palm , unsure of what to say . 
 i knew there was nothing i could do to make the situation any better . 
 when lakin wanted to talk , he would confront me . 
 the scab would never be able to heal if i kept picking at it . 
 `` i know that i ca n't keep avoiding you . 
 but things ca n't be the same as they were , at least not for now , '' lakin said , searching my eyes for understanding . 
 i nodded , forcing a feeble smile across my chapped lips . 
 i shifted my eyes back to the floor , returning to my comfortable blue chair . 
 i glanced from nadia to bryant , both of whom had been pretending not to listen . 
 i cleared my throat , brushing off the stream of tears from my face with one final sweep of my hands . 
 the weak smile of false acceptance remained on my face , as lakin scooted his chair over to join us . 
 `` so what happened , exactly ? '' 
 lakin asked , void of any emotion . 
 `` i , uh , i heard al 's voice in my head , '' i said . 
 my throat felt swollen , and unwilling to speak . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 lakin questioned . 
 `` one-hundred percent , '' i said , trying desperately to sound as detached as he was . 
 `` so i guess you have a way to communicate with him , now . 
 right ? 
 there are n't any microphones or cameras in your head , '' lakin observed , elbows on his knees . 
 `` that 's right ! 
 the next time you see him , you can just ask him what he 's doing there and if he knows anything about us . 
 inside your head , i mean , '' nadia beamed . 
 i nodded in agreement , still having trouble getting my vocal chords to cooperate . 
 `` be careful , though . 
 this could still be some sort of trick , '' bryant cautioned . 
 `` how could they possibly simulate someone 's voice inside her head , bryant ? '' 
 nadia snapped . 
 `` i 'm just saying ! 
 i would n't put it past them , '' bryant said , raising his hands in surrender as he lay back in his seat . 
 `` he 's right . 
 we do n't know what they 're capable of , '' lakin stated . 
 `` let 's say , hypothetically , william found or trained a telepath . 
 if al can truly get inside my head , then he would already know about you guys , '' i posed . 
 `` even if they do find out , what could they possibly do ? 
 there 's no way for them to get into the room , '' nadia said conclusively . 
 `` do we know that for sure ? '' 
 bryant asked . 
 `` how could they ? 
 it 's inside our heads , '' nadia huffed . 
 `` even so ... we should n't assume anything , '' lakin remarked . 
 we sat in silence for a while , all considering everything the others had said . 
 i felt my cheeks burn , as my eyes locked with lakin 's for a moment . 
 in that instant , i could see that he was not as disconnected as he tried to appear . 
 he was full of just as much anguish as i was . 
 even though he was exceptionally talented at hiding his torment , it was there , eating away at him like a parasite ; hot fury coursed through him , like lava , in his veins . 
 chapter eleven jaloux petit hamster , reprise i rehearsed our future conversation in my head , tapping my fingernails against the railing of the elevator as it steadily carried me down to the village . 
 i would knock on eric 's door , and tell him we needed to talk . 
 i would tell him i was sorry for being catty with him . 
 i would explain that i cared a lot for him , but that i thought we were better off as friends . 
 i blushed as the memory of kissing him in my apartment raced through my head . 
 even though i knew the elevator was empty , i looked down in embarrassment . 
 ` none of that , ' i thought . 
 i shook my head in an attempt to force the memory out , bouncing on my feet in anticipation . 
 it could n't be that hard , could it ? 
 it could n't be that hard to break up with your best friend . 
 i bit my lip as the elevator doors opened to what would surely be my doom . 
 i scrambled to press the ` 10 ' button , releasing a long sigh as the doors closed me back in to the protective lift . 
 i was banging my head against the cold white wall of the elevator by the time the doors revealed my empty floor . 
 i growled in frustration , punching the ` 16 ' key again . 
 `` pull yourself together , woman , '' i said to myself , cracking my neck as if i were about to enter into a boxing ring . 
 `` what are you doing , angela ? '' 
 a voice with an english accent unexpectedly called over the speaker in the elevator . 
 `` good god ! '' 
 i shouted , jumping what felt like three feet into the air , `` i hate when you do that , william ! '' 
 `` you 've been up and down in the lift four times , '' william stated , obviously waiting for an explanation . 
 `` i 'm trying to get the nerve to talk to eric . 
 stop spying on me , '' i said bluntly , the doors opening , once again , to the village . 
 `` i like to think of it as monitoring , '' william said . 
 i could tell he had a satisfied look on his face . 
 `` there 's nothing to monitor . 
 you wo n't let me do labs , and my electro-cuffs are set to kill . 
 do n't you have anything more important to do ? '' 
 i glared at the small camera in the front , right corner of the elevator , jamming my hand in between the doors as they attempted to close . 
 `` nothing is more important than the safety of our residents , angela , '' william said in a stern tone . 
 `` right , '' i said under my breath , deciding whole-heartedly that whatever would happen with eric had to be twenty times better than talking to william . 
 i was very aware of curious eyes watching me from behind the closed blinds of nearly every house . 
 i was guessing the news had gotten around that i had set fire to my new shrink . 
 the part where it was an accident and i tried to heal him with a bagilliondy volts of electricity coursing through my body , had most likely been left out of the general story , which had spread around like a virus . 
 i shook my head as parents ushered their kids inside , issuing me nervous glances before locking their doors . 
 i was flabbergasted that after almost eighteen years of working with , around , and on me , people were actually afraid of me . 
 i had never done anything to intentionally hurt anyone in the facility . 
 i could have ... but i did n't . 
 `` afternoon , angie ! '' 
 dr. helmsworth shouted , waving happily . 
 i waved back with a smile . 
 at least there was one person who was n't frightened of me . 
 if dr. helmsworth had n't turned off my electro-cuffs , there was no saying what state al would have been in . 
 those kinds of burns do n't exactly go away with ointment and bed rest ; those kinds of burns ooze puss for days , then get infected and kill you ... according to that one documentary i watched that one time . 
 i took a deep breath , knocking on the door of the last house on the block . 
 i was barely able to recognize the woman who answered the door . 
 the emmy i had always known was not the emmy standing in front of me . 
 dark rings fell underneath her exhausted eyes , making her look at least ten years older . 
 her hair looked as if it had n't been brushed in days , kind of like mine always did , but very uncommon for emmy . 
 `` hi angie , come on in , '' emmy said with a yawn , letting me past her . 
 the enthusiasm she had always exuded was lost , leaving only fatigue in its place . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i asked , fighting the urge to feel her forehead for fever . 
 `` oh , i 'm fine sweetie . 
 i just need to lie down , '' emmy replied , forcing a weary smile . 
 `` eric is in his room , dear . '' 
 i nodded in thanks and made my way up to the second floor , keeping an eye on emmy for long enough to see her flop herself onto the sofa . 
 i hoped she was alright . 
 i wondered if some sort of toxin had been set loose , causing people to turn into zombies . 
 i shook the nonsense out of my head , hesitantly knocking on eric 's door . 
 `` it 's open ! '' 
 a muffled voice called from inside the room . 
 i opened the door cautiously , poking my head just far enough into the room to alert eric that it was me . 
 `` hey , '' i said almost questioningly . 
 i was relieved to be met by a smile . 
 `` come on in , '' eric said , waving me toward him . 
 i tip-toed into the room . 
 even though eric 's tone was friendly enough , i felt slightly unwelcome inside his room . 
 inside his house , for that matter . 
 there was a sense of uneasiness within the entire stein home . 
 `` how are you doing ? '' 
 i asked , eyeing him nervously . 
 eric chuckled , taking a seat at the end of the bed and patting his hand on the cover . 
 i sighed , rolling my eyes slightly as i slowly sat next to him , being sure to keep my distance . 
 `` i know you better than to think you 've come down here just to make small talk . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 eric asked with kind eyes . 
 `` i wanted to talk to you ... about us , i mean , '' i said somberly , keeping my eyes on my hands . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 eric questioned , his joyful tone quickly morphing to that of suspicious gloom . 
 i closed my eyes as hard as i could , inhaling deeply . 
 i decided it would be best to say everything i needed to say as quickly as possible . 
 it was like ripping off a band-aid . 
 `` i just really care for you a lot and i think we went about all of this the wrong way and for the wrong reasons and i do n't want to mess up our friendship and i 'm really sorry and please do n't hate me , '' i rattled out , not pausing for a breath . 
 eric did n't say anything for a long while , and i wondered if i had spoken too fast . 
 perhaps he could n't even decipher what i had said . 
 perhaps he was deciding the best way to kill me , and how to hide the body . 
 i raised my eyebrows , trying to determine what was going on inside his head . 
 his face was blank , but his eyes were filled with thought . 
 finally , he looked to me with a smile . 
 `` you 're right . 
 we did this for the wrong reasons . 
 i do n't think it happened too fast , though . 
 i 've loved you my entire life , '' eric said quietly , his eyes burning into mine . 
 `` i know . 
 but we went from being best friends who farted on each other , to making out in my living room , over the course of a couple days . 
 i do n't think that 's how it 's supposed to work , '' i remarked , placing a hand sympathetically on his shoulder . 
 eric nodded in agreement , giving me a soft smile . 
 `` friends ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` friends , '' eric replied , hugging me gently . 
 `` can i ask you a question , though ? '' 
 `` anything . '' 
 i smiled , feeling as if i had regained my best friend in the facility . 
 `` do you have feelings for al ? '' 
 eric inquired , the slightest hint of jealousy returning to his eyes . 
 i snorted , shaking my head in irritation . 
 i guess sometimes the band-aid gets stuck on your arm hair , and makes you do an embarrassing little half-dance while you curse yourself for thinking you could get away unscathed . 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 i retorted , scooting a few inches away from him on the bed . 
 `` i just want to know , '' eric said firmly . 
 `` does it make a difference ? '' 
 i snapped , rising to my feet to stand with my arms crossed . 
 `` yes . 
 it does , '' eric countered harshly . 
 `` why ?! 
 why does it make the slightest difference ? '' 
 i exclaimed , feeling my temper rise . 
 `` i want to know if you 're breaking up with me because of the reasons you said , or because you 're falling for him , '' eric said , his voice thick with revulsion . 
 `` i 'm breaking up with you because the only reason we were ` dating ' , was because you were being a jealous . 
 little . 
 hamster . '' 
 `` fine , '' eric huffed , crossing his arms and glaring away from me . 
 `` fine ! '' 
 i shouted , doing the same . 
 we stewed in our angry soup of silence for a while . 
 now and then , we would catch eyes and make a face at each other . 
 our immaturity could have been cut with a knife , and served with sides of narcissistic whipped cream and stubborn strawberries . 
 i rubbed my eyes with my thumb and forefinger , wondering how our conversations as of late always ended up as an apparent battle to the death . 
 while i was fond of al as a person , and indeed had no feelings of attraction for him , all of my problems with eric were sparked as soon as he came into the picture . 
 i wondered if i would really be forced to choose between my lifelong friend , and my new psychologist . 
 eric 's sudden change of tone suggested i would n't be required to choose . 
 `` did you really set him on fire ? '' 
 eric asked quietly . 
 `` yeah . 
 not on purpose , '' i answered with the slightest chuckle , back turned to him . 
 `` i heard his eyebrows are gone , '' eric said , voice laden with insufferable gratification . 
 `` al has only ever been nice to you . 
 he has n't done anything wrong , '' i rambled , groaning in frustration as i returned to my seat next to him . 
 `` it does n't feel that way , '' eric said miserably . 
 `` it feels like he 's here to take away something very important . '' 
 `` he 's not going to take away anything , eric . 
 he 's my shrink . 
 you 're my best friend . 
 it 's not one or the other . 
 i do n't even have a choice of whether or not to see him , you know ? 
 whatever you think is going on , or will go on , between me and al ... you 're wrong . 
 not that it 's any of your business , '' i mumbled . 
 eric eyed me suspiciously , trying to determine if i was lying . 
 he knew me well enough , he was almost always capable of calling me out on my dishonesty . 
 i was n't lying , though . 
 i had no intentions of pursuing a romantic relationship with my therapist . 
 on the same thought , i had n't had any intentions of pursuing a romantic relationship with eric , either . 
 eric nodded in approval . 
 `` so can we drop it , and just go back to being us ? 
 i miss us . 
 the real us , '' i pleaded , resting my chin on his shoulder . 
 `` yeah . 
 the real us is good , i guess , '' eric smiled , wrapping his arm around me in a friendly embrace . 
 `` but i still would have loved to see you catch him on fire . '' 
 i jokingly punched him on the shoulder , giggling as the distant man in front of me transformed back into the young boy i was so familiar with . 
 a wave of relief flooded over me as we smiled and laughed . 
 our conversation may not have gone exactly how i had planned , but it seemed to have worked out for the better . 
 i had my best friend back , and maybe lakin would be able to find it in his heart to forgive me . 
 maybe . 
 chapter twelve shrinking affection i could n't help but stare at al 's face . 
 even with my healing abilities , it was miraculous that he had almost completely recovered from his burns in just a couple days . 
 all the pinkish color of new skin had completely left him . 
 his eyebrows and hair had even started to grow back . 
 although , i did have to emit a small chortle at the sight of the eyeliner he had used to draw on the rest of his eyebrows . 
 he looked as though the only tragedy that had befallen him was a party prank in poor taste , involving an electric razor and a permanent marker . 
 `` are you going to keep staring at me like that ? '' 
 al asked uncomfortably , shifting in his seat . 
 `` sorry , but ... it 's kind of amazing , '' i said in awe , reaching out to touch his clearly fake eyebrows . 
 al slapped my hand away , just as he had done with the medics a couple days before . 
 i was unable to control my snort of laughter as he eyed me fussily . 
 `` i 'm a fast healer , '' al explained , pouting at my amusement . 
 `` yeah , but you do n't have a single scar . 
 even i 'm not that good , '' i said , retreating to my sofa . 
 al sat silently across from me , false eyebrows wrinkled in thought . 
 it seemed as though there was something heavy weighing on his mind . 
 i shifted anxiously in my seat , trying to decide whether or not to ask him if something was wrong . 
 it was unlikely if something had been wrong that he would tell me what that something was . 
 he was the psychologist . 
 i was the patient . 
 while i would have liked to think that we were on somewhat of a higher level of friendship , seeing as how i saved him after almost turning him into charbroiled steak , i reminded myself that i was n't in any position to get close to an employee of the facility ; even if that employee was somehow connected to me and my kind . 
 i remembered the discussion that took place in the energy room the night before . 
 perhaps i could find a way to communicate with al through my mind , to try to find out if he really did know something about us . 
 i rubbed my chin thoughtfully , pondering the best method for my first attempt at telepathy . 
 `` what 's on your mind ? '' 
 al asked , taking his notebook out of his worn messenger bag . 
 `` you tell me , '' i said suspiciously , leaning forward to eye the therapist intently for any signs of acknowledgment . 
 al looked at me oddly , as if he were staring at some sort of ... freak of nature , or something . 
 i leaned back in my seat , shaking my head as i observed no signs that he was reading my thoughts . 
 i was fairly certain he thought i was on drugs . 
 `` what is that supposed to mean ? '' 
 al questioned innocently . 
 `` nothing . 
 i 'm weird , '' i responded plainly . 
 `` what 's on the agenda for today ? '' 
 al sighed , skimming through his notes . 
 he seemed so unfocused , like someone took the etch-a-sketch in his mind and chucked it in the washing machine . 
 i badly wanted to ask what was wrong ; whether because i really cared or because i was nosy , i was n't sure . 
 probably because i was nosy ... `` are you okay ? 
 you seem sort of out of it , '' i inquired . 
 ... maybe because i cared . 
 `` what ? 
 yeah , uh ... i 'm fine . 
 bit of a headache , '' al replied . 
 he was lying . 
 i did n't know why , but he was most definitely lying . 
 `` do you want to head down to the medical floor ? 
 they can give you something for it , '' i said politely . 
 residents were n't allowed to keep medication in their homes , not since dr. mcghee ` accidentally ' took too much of his sleep aid a few years back . 
 he woke up , of course ... but after the incident , he had to be kept on the medical floor , where he spent most of his time coloring and watching cartoons . 
 `` no thanks , i 'll be fine , '' al forced a smile , staring at me until it became so uncomfortable that i had to look away . 
 `` alright , then . 
 what are we talking about today ? '' 
 i asked curiously . 
 al rubbed his eyes , seeming very upset . 
 i did n't take my eyes off of him , half expecting him to yell at me for something i did or said . 
 i felt my general affection for the shrink begin to shrink . 
 in lowering his hands from his face , i could see the eyeliner smeared over his forehead , giving him the appearance of a unibrow . 
 i snorted to myself . 
 `` i do n't know , angie . 
 whatever you want to talk about , '' al responded in an exhausted tone . 
 i was starting to get a little angry ; he was treating me like a child who had spilled milk all over the kitchen table while trying to make their own bowl of cereal . 
 `` are you mad at me ? 
 you know , i did n't mean to burn your face off , '' i snapped , feeling my temper attempting to get the best of me . 
 `` no , it does n't have anything to do with that . 
 it 's nothing , really . 
 i 'm sorry for being so distant , '' al sighed , drained . 
 i slumped my shoulders , feeling guilty for snapping . 
 al was genuinely upset about something , but it seemed there would be no way for me to help him . 
 if he was a mind-reader , he certainly was n't reading my mind at that point in time . 
 i sat up a bit straighter . 
 maybe that was the problem . 
 maybe he was reading someone else 's thoughts , and it was stressing him out . 
 lakin would have called me crazy , and perhaps i was , but i had a hunch . 
 it was a much stronger hunch than when i suspected dr. helmsworth of being an alien . 
 i focused on al 's face . 
 if i did possess psychic capabilities , they were n't anything the scientists had studied ; it would n't cause a chemical reaction that my electro-cuffs would be able to detect . 
 i squinted my eyes , trying to imagine myself inside al 's head . 
 i leaned forward more , focusing harder , trying to see ... `` seriously , angie . 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 al asked uneasily , leaning in the opposite direction from me , even though we were feet away from each other . 
 a gust of wind swooshed from my lungs , having been stuck in there for who knows how long . 
 i crossed my arms in frustration , pushing my back against the sofa . 
 i was n't psychic . 
 i definitely was not psychic . 
 `` nothing , '' i said grouchily . 
 `` you 've got eyeliner on your forehead . '' 
 al fussed in the bathroom for a good ten minutes , trying to clean up his face . 
 when eyeliner says ` waterproof ' , it is n't fooling around . 
 by the time he returned to the living room , i had already decided on a new plan of action . 
 i would focus on one word inside my head , to see if al picked up on it . 
 hopefully he would fit the word into our conversation in a way that would n't be suspicious to anyone in security who may have been ` monitoring ' our session . 
 i decided the word would be ` idiot ' . 
 `` thanks for pointing that out . 
 i 'm kind of an idiot when it comes to makeup , '' al said , returning to his seat . 
 that was too easy . 
 i probably should have picked a less common word . 
 a word that would n't describe the entire population of one specific gender of the human race ... pancakes ! 
 i liked pancakes . 
 we spent the majority of our session discussing what it was like to grow up in the facility . 
 pancakes . 
 everything from diaper changes at the steins ' house , to a very embarrassing conversation about lady business with william . 
 pancakes . 
 al got a good laugh out of my ` identity crisis ' at age fifteen , when i wore black baggy clothes and a beret for twelve straight weeks . 
 pancakes . 
 he asked me if i found it difficult being around so few people my own age . 
 pancakes . 
 i explained that quality was much more valuable than quantity , and that eric was worth more than a thousand friends . 
 pancakes . 
 we discussed if i had ever felt the need to find my biological parents . 
 i clarified that it occasionally crossed my mind , but mostly only ever ended in anger . 
 pancakes . 
 they had abandoned me , according to what william had told me . 
 if they did n't want me , why would i want them ? 
 pancakes . 
 at this , al eyed me with a very concerned look , but remained silent . 
 by the end of the session , i felt as though i had crammed eighteen years of one-sided psychology into a few hours . 
 there had been an awful lot of me talking , and an awful lot of al not saying much of anything . 
 it seemed very odd to me , but i was so drained that i did n't press it . 
 all i wanted to do was sleep . 
 `` i think that 's enough therapy for today , '' al said , snapping his notebook shut . 
 i sat quietly for a moment , trying to decipher the concerned expression which had crossed his face just moments before , when i had mentioned my parents . 
 al grinned as he shoved his notebook back into his bag . 
 he appeared undisturbed , but he was definitely lying . 
 pancakes . 
 `` so your birthday is coming up in a couple days ? '' 
 al asked , stretching his arms as he stood . 
 `` yeah , there 's a shindig every year down at the village . 
 they set up a massive barbecue in the street . 
 it 's kind of ridiculous , '' i replied with a sigh , secretly excited for the celebration . 
 `` that should be interesting . 
 if it 's alright if i come , i mean , '' al said apprehensively . 
 `` the whole facility is going to be there . 
 it would probably be dangerous not to have a psychologist in that crowd , '' i laughed , standing to accompany him to the door . 
 `` well , if you 're in the mood for a pre-birthday breakfast , i would n't mind heading to caf 1 with you in the morning , '' al said with one foot out the door . 
 `` i could really go for some pancakes . '' 
 al shut the door to my stunned face with a glint in his eyes , and a smirk on his face . 
 i attempted to suppress the urge to jump around the apartment excitedly , but my will-power failed horribly . 
 i bounced around like a kangaroo in a pit of cobras . 
 my joyous shrieks and woos were only silenced by the static sound of the speaker system . 
 `` angela ? 
 is everything alright ? '' 
 william asked curiously . 
 `` yes , '' i answered quickly , stilling myself to catch my breath . 
 i let the lie find its way effortlessly past my lips . 
 perhaps it was n't completely a lie . 
 `` al invited me to breakfast tomorrow . 
 it 's very exciting . '' 
 `` oh , grand ! '' 
 william cooed with a distinct tone of satisfaction . 
 `` it 's wonderful to hear that you two are getting along so well . '' 
 `` yep . 
 very well , '' i gasped , pinching my sides as my lungs heaved . 
 man , i was really out of shape . 
 `` i 'll let you get back to your , er ... celebrating , '' william said pleasantly , followed by a click of the speaker . 
 i collapsed on the sofa , face buried in my hands . 
 of course , there was still a chance that al saying the ` code word ' was simply a coincidence . 
 though possible , i thought it was very unlikely . 
 as far as i was concerned , al had just confirmed that , at the very least , he was capable of reading minds . 
 my new task would be to figure out if and how he was connected to my kind , without outing him to the rest of the facility . 
 i let myself drift off into slumber , still strewn about on my couch . 
 i opened my eyes to the vastness of the energy room , smiling at the comforting sight of lakin chatting with nadia and lyla . 
 i pushed myself out of my seat , still giddy with excitement as i trotted over to my friends . 
 though lakin still appeared uncomfortable to see me , very little could have been able to hinder my good mood . 
 `` who are you , and what have you done with our angie ? '' 
 lyla asked , ogling over my bliss . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked , confused . 
 `` you 're too happy . 
 it 's weird , and i do n't like it , '' lyla joked , crossing her arms as she leaned back in her seat . 
 i shoved out my hand to the group , unable to keep my feet from moving impatiently in place . 
 lakin was reluctant , but eventually reached out for my hand , along with lyla and nadia . 
 i could n't keep myself from grinning as i watched their eyes cloud over to relive my therapy session with al. . 
 nadia gasped , covering her mouth with her hands as they ended their visions . 
 `` i knew it ! 
 i told you ! '' 
 nadia exclaimed , jumping from her seat to join me in a happy dance . 
 lyla 's eyes were filled with intrigue , while lakin 's were full of skepticism . 
 i paused in the middle of spinning in circles with nadia , to inquire about lakin 's uncertainty . 
 `` all that might prove is that he could be telepathic . 
 we still do n't know that he 's connected to us in any way . 
 he could have been trained by the facility . 
 i do n't trust it , '' lakin explained , forehead lined with worry . 
 `` why ca n't you just let me be happy ?! '' 
 nadia cried , falling back into her chair with irritation . 
 `` i know you want to be hopeful , nad . 
 i just think that trusting him because of this one thing , would leave angie and all of us in a very vulnerable place , '' lakin said in a calm voice . 
 one of the very few things that could have hindered my good mood had just happened . 
 i moodily scooted my chair over to the group , and sat as heatedly as i could . 
 my rigid posture relaxed the more i began to appreciate lakin 's perspective . 
 he was right : if al saying the code word proved anything , it was only that he could read my mind . 
 if my new therapist had been trained to be a telepath , and was in no way connected to our kind ... the situation had become much more dangerous for all of us . 
 there was a chance that al could have already known about the energy room and how it worked . 
 he could have already informed william about the others . 
 the facility could have already been trying to figure out a way to intercept us in our dreams . 
 it did n't take long for my frustration to change to worry , and for my worry to change to fear . 
 the thought that i could have potentially put all the people i cared about most into the direct path of peril , made me want to curl up and hide underneath the sapphire cushion i sat on . 
 `` i do n't think we should give up hope , but it would be dangerous for angie to let down her guards . 
 that 's all i 'm saying , '' lakin said in an attempt to comfort a very upset nadia . 
 nadia nodded in understanding , wiping away a single tear streaking down her cheek . 
 `` lyla ? 
 do you have anything to add ? '' 
 i inquired , looking to the girl who had been sitting silently . 
 `` even with jacked up eyebrows , he 's still hot , '' lyla responded , grinning mischievously . 
 we all laughed -- except joseph -- and rolled our eyes at lyla being her typical self . 
 if lyla never really had much to offer in the way of serious conversation , at least she was able to ease the tension of the room . 
 we could always count on her for that . 
 chapter thirteen surprise , darling though the conversation in the room the night before had instilled worry in the back of my mind , i awoke slightly excited to have breakfast with al. . 
 i was having trouble deciding if my eagerness was based on the chance that he could have somehow been linked to my kind , or if i was genuinely looking forward to spending more time with the icy-eyed therapist . 
 the latter seemed more and more likely as i rifled through my closet for my only dress , which was usually reserved for special occasions . 
 it was floral print , and the bottom flowed down at a severe angle from the front to the back , revealing my paper-white knees . 
 i brushed my hair out , pulling half of it back into a golden braid . 
 i scoffed at my desperate attempts to apply the little bit of makeup i owned , quickly deciding less was definitely more ; the ` clown ' look did nothing for my bone structure . 
 i nodded with approval as i looked over myself in the often judgmental mirror . 
 it was surprising how much i resembled an attractive young lady , instead of the usual tom boy . 
 it was also rather frustrating how much i actually cared about my appearance . 
 a few loud knocks at the front door sent a burning sensation through my cheeks and ears . 
 with a final glance at the mirror , i answered the door with a smile to the face i had been expecting . 
 `` wow ! 
 you look nice , '' al said politely . 
 i instantly felt over dressed , observing his plain jeans and t-shirt . 
 his eyebrows had grown a noticeable amount since the previous day , apparently causing him to decide it was n't necessary to fill them in again . 
 `` thanks , '' i giggled , rapidly transforming into more of a girly-girl than i had ever been in the past . 
 `` to pancakes ! '' 
 al shouted playfully , holding out his elbow to me . 
 `` to pancakes ! '' 
 i repeated in the same manner , curtsying as i weaved my arm through his . 
 we made our way to the elevator at the end of the hallway . 
 whether al was on the side of the enemy or not , i was determined to have a good day . 
 the last week or so had been excessively stressful , and laced with bad experiences . 
 there was little that could have gone wrong , when all we were doing was going to breakfast . 
 al ended up a few steps ahead of me , as i paused suddenly in my tracks . 
 the elevator doors opened in front of us to reveal a pair of mossy-green eyes , inspecting us carefully . 
 i hoped against hope that eric would not throw a hissy-fit at the beginning of what was supposed to be a pleasant day . 
 `` good morning , angie . 
 al , '' eric said , nodding civilly to the man at my side . 
 `` hey , '' i said , a bit of unease spiking my voice . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 `` i just wanted to see if you would be interested in having dinner with me later ? '' 
 eric asked , doing a very good job of hiding any discontent that may have been present inside of him . 
 `` oh ... that would be nice . 
 sure , '' i said with a smile . 
 `` would you like to join us for breakfast ? '' 
 al asked courteously , taking a few more steps toward the lift . '' 
 `` thanks for the offer , but i have a few things i need to do , '' eric replied , the slightest bit of spite seeping out of his words . 
 we rode together in awkward silence , until the elevator doors opened to the twelfth floor . 
 `` i 'll be up to get you around eight , angie , '' eric said sweetly , purposefully ignoring al as the doors shut between us . 
 `` i take it he still is n't very fond of me , '' al whispered as we waited in line with our trays . 
 `` i think that encounter went very well , actually , '' i said , face stiff to keep from laughing . 
 `` i suppose you 're right . 
 at least he did n't try to attack me with a chainsaw , '' al joked . 
 i lightheartedly punched him on the arm , chuckling as i layered pancakes onto my plate . 
 `` angie , good morning ! '' 
 paula called , carrying what looked like a very heavy tray of scones . 
 `` hi , paula ! '' 
 i smiled , wishing i could have helped her . 
 `` one more day , yeah ? 
 any last minute requests for tomorrow ? '' 
 the chef asked , dropping the tray onto a counter with a loud thud . 
 `` as long as i get to see your lovely face , i could n't ask for anything more , '' i grinned , reaching for a small bottle of soymilk in the cooler . 
 `` you 're too sweet , girl , '' paula said , waving her hand at me as she feigned flattery . 
 al and i found a couple of empty seats at a small table near the back of the room . 
 we sat quietly for a few minutes , randomly smiling at each other now and then as we enjoyed our pancakes . 
 `` oh , i wanted to give you something , '' al said , letting his fork clink to his plate as he reached into his pocket . 
 i raised my eyebrows curiously , wondering what al could possibly have had for me . 
 there was a store on floor twenty-two for common things like clothes and toothpaste , but i would have felt somewhat awkward accepting socks from my shrink . 
 my mouth dropped as he held out a small , black , felt-covered box in his right hand . 
 from what i had seen in movies , it very much resembled a jewelry box . 
 in fact , it looked exactly like a jewelry box . 
 i was thoroughly confused . 
 jewelry was n't available in the facility store . 
 employees could request to have it imported from a catalog for occasions such as marriage proposals and gifts , but it took at least three weeks to arrive . 
 al had n't even been around long enough to order anything . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 i asked , a bit of pancake falling out of my mouth . 
 i seemed to have trouble operating the muscles in my face . 
 `` it 's a birthday present , '' al answered with a chortle , sitting the small box on the table next to my hand . 
 `` but what is it ? '' 
 i questioned hesitantly . 
 `` open it , '' he replied , eyes glittering with something i could n't decipher . 
 i carefully picked up the box , staring at it for a moment as it sat motionlessly in my palm . 
 i took a deep breath and flipped open the lid . 
 wind rushed out of my lungs as i stared at the most beautiful thing i had ever seen , at least in person . 
 attached to a silver chain , was a magnificently shining stone . 
 it looked as though at one point it had been a much larger round piece , but had been roughly split down the middle . 
 it was the most amazing shade of blueish-purple i had ever set eyes on , and it cast faint rays of the same color as the light shone on its many facets . 
 `` i do n't think i can accept this , '' i said , unable to remove my eyes from the beautiful gem . 
 `` well i 'm not taking it back , so you 're just gon na have to . '' 
 al smirked , standing to take the necklace out of the box and attach it around my neck . 
 an overwhelming feeling of warmth and completeness rushed through me as the jewel rested near my heart . 
 `` why are you giving this to me ? '' 
 i inquired , resting my fingers against the stone . 
 `` because tomorrow is your birthday . 
 i do n't know how it is in this place , but it 's usually customary to give someone a gift for their birthday . '' 
 al smiled kindly . 
 `` yeah but ... '' i started . 
 ` it belongs to you , ' al stated simply . 
 i sat as still as the stone on my chest , quickly realizing that al had n't actually said anything . 
 his words had resonated in my mind , but his lips had not moved . 
 he simply nodded at me from his seat across the table . 
 `` i do n't understand ... '' i began again in a hushed voice . 
 ` no time now , ' al 's voice rang throughout my head . 
 the arctic eyes prodded mine , as though al was waiting for an answer to something he had n't asked . 
 i nodded slightly , and composed myself , plastering a grateful smile across my face . 
 `` thank you , '' i said , voice cracking slightly in uncertainty . 
 `` i 'm glad you like it , '' al beamed , sighing in relief . 
 i saw him glance discreetly at the camera above us . 
 `` a friend gave it to me a while ago . 
 i figured you might like to have it . '' 
 `` it 's ... it 's beautiful . '' 
 i smiled . 
 we spent the rest of our meal surrounded in silence , except for the inaudible murmurs that reached us from distant tables . 
 we stood in sync , returning our empty trays to their homes at the end of the food line . 
 `` this was nice , thank you for joining me , '' al broke the silence . 
 `` no problem . 
 yeah . 
 it was ... nice . 
 thank you , again , for the necklace , '' i said , voice still cracking . 
 `` you 're very welcome , '' al said kindly , offering me his elbow once again . 
 as we stood in the noiseless elevator , i was captivated by the man whose arm i clung to as if i might have fallen off the face of the earth by letting go . 
 i rejected lakin 's belief that al could have been dangerous . 
 i entirely trusted the man standing next to me , with every fiber of my being . 
 if that was a risk to me and my kind , it was a risk i had no hesitations taking . 
 `` i 'll see you tomorrow , angie , '' al whispered sweetly , forcing me to realize that we were already standing at my door . 
 words eluded me as al left me with a kiss on the back of my hand . 
 i let the door shut itself , mindlessly finding my way to the reclining chair next to my sofa . 
 i leaned all the way back , allowing my palm to rest on the cool stone on my chest . 
 al had proven , without a doubt , that he was fully capable of telepathic communication . 
 he had also made the effort to explain his actions in front of the security camera , so as to not cause suspicion . 
 lakin would unquestionably try to reason that it could have all been a scheme to get me to trust my therapist ; if that was the case , it had worked . 
 i was enthralled by al , and felt the irresistible desire to learn more about him . 
 i was certain that he was connected to my kind . 
 i needed to know how , and i needed to know what he was doing at the facility . 
 al had said the necklace belonged to me . 
 what did that mean ? 
 why did it belong to me ? 
 i lived in a place where nothing really belonged to anyone , except to william . 
 everything belonged to william . 
 i had never had a true belonging in my life . 
 where was the necklace from ? 
 i had n't noticed the room gradually darkening , as i sat absorbed in thought . 
 i was pulled out of my mind by an excited knocking at the door . 
 opening it suggested that it was already near eight o’clock , as eric 's shining face greeted me . 
 his brilliant black suit gave him the incredible appearance of a celebrity at a red-carpet event . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 eric asked , eagerly offering me his elbow just as al had done hours before . 
 i nodded distantly , forcing a smile as i accepted his arm to let him lead me to the elevator . 
 it was only when i realized we were heading to the fourteenth floor that i spoke up . 
 `` fourteen ? '' 
 i questioned . 
 eric nodded , face beaming with anticipation . 
 he made no attempt to explain , allowing me to continue eyeing him curiously . 
 i thought it unlikely that we 'd be going bowling in our attire . 
 the brightly lit elevator doors opened to reveal an entirely empty , and very dark , entertainment floor . 
 my eyebrows wrinkled as i looked around , blindly following eric past empty game rooms . 
 we finally came to a stop at a small table set for two , with a small flickering candle in the middle . 
 `` eric ... what ... '' i began , still half in shock from the previous events of the day . 
 `` surprise , darling , '' eric said happily , pulling out one of the fancy wooden chairs for me to sit in . 
 `` darling ? 
 what ? '' 
 i stammered , cautiously lowering myself to the chair . 
 `` after everything we 've been going through , i wanted to do something special for you , '' eric explained , sitting across from me as a young man in a tuxedo wheeled out a cart full of covered food . 
 `` this is definitely ... special , '' i said , trying my best not to sound insulting . 
 the man in the tuxedo , who i really did n't recognize , removed lids from the trays of food , and sat plates full of fancy looking meats and vegetables in front of us on the table . 
 i was still having trouble comprehending exactly what was going on , as my mind refused to focus on anything other than al. . 
 my hand thoughtlessly wandered to the jewel on my chest , as i poked at some sort of stuffed mushroom with my fork . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 eric asked innocently , seemingly oblivious to the fact that i was n't really enjoying myself . 
 `` what ? 
 oh . 
 it was a birthday gift , '' i said , protectively clutching the necklace in my palm ; a reaction i did n't fully understand . 
 `` from al ? '' 
 he asked defensively . 
 `` yes , from al , '' i sighed , thinking that would be the point where my mostly pleasant , if not odd , day would start its downfall . 
 eric glared at the necklace as i let my hand fall to my lap . 
 i saw envy in his eyes , but was surprised when he returned to eating his food . 
 `` that was nice of him , '' he said plainly . 
 eric tried to appear indifferent , but his eyes deceived him as they shined and sparkled with resentment . 
 my temper began to boil . 
 `` yes . 
 it was nice of him , '' i instigated . 
 eric 's eyes burned with rage , but somehow he managed to keep his cool . 
 i sniffed in disbelief as we continued to eat our food , then felt a pang of guilt as i began to appreciate that the boy across from me was trying to be nice . 
 he went through all the trouble of planning out a sweet little dinner , and obviously letting everyone in on it so they would steer clear of the fourteenth floor for us , and there i was , being a jerk to him . 
 shame on me . 
 `` this is nice too , '' i said with a smile , resting my hand on eric 's . 
 all frustration drained from his eyes , being replaced with adoring happiness . 
 i jumped and turned in my seat at the sound of a loud melody . 
 behind me , a group of three women dressed in white gowns with a cello , a violin , and a harp played slow music . 
 i was sincerely astonished at the amount of effort eric had put into the evening , and could n't help but be appreciative . 
 eric stood with a bow , offering me his hand . 
 `` would you like to dance ? '' 
 he asked in a very gentlemanly tone . 
 there was nothing i could do to keep from blushing , rising to my feet to place one hand on eric 's shoulder , the other resting comfortably in his . 
 we stumbled gracelessly over each other 's feet for a while , laughing as we faltered . 
 finally , we found our rhythm , swaying to and fro in a small circle . 
 eric even managed to twirl me once without causing any damage to anyone or anything in the room , which was quite impressive . 
 overall , i would have said the entire day had been , more or less , a success as far as pleasantness goes . 
 yes , i would have said that , if eric had n't leaned in to meet my lips with his . 
 `` eric , '' i said unhappily , gently pushing myself away from him . 
 it broke my heart to witness the disappointment throughout the young man 's face . 
 i did n't want to hurt him , but it had only been a couple days since we agreed to remain friends . 
 i wondered if he had even had any real intentions of ever settling for friendship when we made our agreement . 
 `` it 's him , right ? 
 al , '' eric said heatedly , the half-melted candle wobbling dangerously as he leaned against the table . 
 `` no . 
 it 's not al. . 
 it 's not anything . 
 we 're supposed to be friends , '' i breathed , not wanting to believe that the person who had always been my best friend in the facility might not have been able to settle for less than more . 
 eric rubbed his eyes for a moment , not to wipe away tears , but to brush away frustration . 
 he focused his gaze on me for a long time , waving at the musicians to get them to leave . 
 as we stood staring at each other , completely alone on the darkly lit floor , i considered a lot of things . 
 i first considered running away and hiding in my apartment until the world ended . 
 i considered slapping eric , and throwing my glass of sparkling cider in his face . 
 i considered singing show tunes . 
 i was n't able to act on any of my considerations , before eric reached for my hand and lowered himself to one knee . 
 `` oh no , '' i mumbled , shaking my head violently as eric pulled a small box out of his jacket pocket . 
 a box that looked very similar to the one al had given me earlier . 
 `` do n't you dare . '' 
 `` angie , i love you . 
 i have loved you my entire life , '' eric began , keeping a strong hold on the hand that i was desperately trying to yank away . 
 `` do n't do this , '' i said , almost shouting . 
 `` what happened to taking is slow ? '' 
 `` marry me ? '' 
 eric asked , popping open the small box with one hand to reveal a quaint , silver ring with a small , clear diamond mounted on the top . 
 i finally managed to wrench my hand from eric 's , almost tumbling backward over myself . 
 i stared into his eyes with astonishment ; and not the good kind . 
 i was very concerned for the mental health of anyone who truly thought a marriage proposal was appropriate in that particular situation . 
 `` dammit , eric ! '' 
 i cursed . 
 `` we 're just kids . 
 i do n't want to marry you . 
 i do n't want to marry anyone ! '' 
 i stepped back with each word , being about halfway across the room by the time eric had picked himself up to his feet . 
 his eyes were saturated with a type of fury i had never seen before . 
 `` but i love you ! 
 and i know you love me ! '' 
 eric said , nearly having to yell for his voice to reach me . 
 `` i do . 
 but not the way you want me to . 
 and i never will , '' i cried , fumbling for the button to the elevator behind my back . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm so sorry . '' 
 chapter fourteen in honor of angela dawson i had n't slept . 
 i had spent the entire night sitting on the edge of my bed , alternating between sobbing violently , and mumbling angrily to myself . 
 all hope of having a normal friendship with eric had been eradicated . 
 i was n't really experienced in the subject , but it seemed improbable that any sort of relationship could be reconciled with someone whose marriage proposal i had brutally rejected . 
 though it pained me , i concluded that eric was mentally unstable , most likely from growing up in the facility . 
 he seemed to have lost his grasp on reality . 
 i would have suggested talking with a therapist , but i had a feeling that eric was n't quite fond of psychologists anymore ... i stared at myself in the mirror , the somewhat pretty reflection from the day before completely replaced with that of an emotionally and physically exhausted monster . 
 i ignored the sound of my new alarm chiming , alerting me that i should have been getting ready for the party . 
 it felt as though my world was collapsing around me , and i had no way of holding up the walls . 
 a professional-sounding knock came from my front door . 
 i dragged my feet , hoping with every part of me that it would n't be eric . 
 through the peephole , i saw william 's harsh-looking face . 
 in opening the door , i was able to see a medium sized box in his hand , wrapped skillfully in penguin-adorned paper . 
 `` happy birthday , angela , '' william said with an insincere smile , reaching the present out to me . 
 `` thanks , william , '' i said hoarsely , throat raw from bawling . 
 i gently placed the gift on the coffee table , gesturing for william to have a seat in the chair . 
 `` i did n't want to disturb you last night , you looked very upset . 
 are you alright ? '' 
 william asked , failing at his attempt to sound concerned . 
 `` no , '' i said , a little shocked that i was being honest with the man who had held me captive for so long . 
 `` do you ... want to talk about it ? '' 
 william asked , obviously inexperienced in the art of being social . 
 i glared at the strict , old man across from me , his hair slicked back as always . 
 spotless suit and shoes , matching his spotless ego and sense of superiority . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'm sure you already know that eric proposed to me last night , '' i said bitterly . 
 genuine shock spread across the man 's face . 
 `` er ... no . 
 young mr. stein approached me a few days ago and made a request that we did not monitor your evening together last night . 
 he said it was going to be very special . 
 i assumed ... er ... '' william stumbled over his own words . 
 for the first time ever , i witnessed him blush . 
 `` what ? 
 oh , william ! 
 come on ! '' 
 i screeched , cringing in repugnance . 
 william cleared his throat , quickly relieving himself of his own sudden embarrassment . 
 he uncomfortably shifted in his seat , adjusting his suit jacket keenly . 
 `` well , er ... did you accept his proposal , then ? '' 
 william asked , composing himself . 
 `` of course not , '' i retorted , crossing my arms hastily . 
 `` he 's not even eighteen . '' 
 `` yes , but with the permission of his parents ... '' william began technically . 
 `` no , it 's not even that . 
 eric is ... was my best friend . 
 i do n't think of him like that . 
 anyway , he was really upset . 
 i just ... i just sort of ran out on him , '' i explained , even more surprised that i was continuing to be honest with william . 
 `` i see , '' he said distantly . 
 it seemed as though william had begun thinking very intently about something , but i had no idea what . 
 `` well , i 'm sure everything will turn out just fine . '' 
 the amount of craftiness that had suddenly flooded william 's voice was very concerning . 
 i furrowed my eyebrows , trying to imagine what could have possibly been going through his head . 
 `` would you like to open your gift ? '' 
 william asked , simulating kindness . 
 `` should n't i open it at the party ? '' 
 i asked confusedly . 
 `` i 'm afraid i wo n't be able to make it to the village , today . 
 very busy , '' william explained , acting somewhat suspicious . 
 i retrieved the present from the table in front of me , carefully pulling at the corners of the neatly wrapped paper . 
 `` i remembered that you 're quite fond of penguins , '' william said , proud of himself . 
 `` i was when i was ten , '' i countered in a hushed voice , too low for his old ears to pick up on . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 william asked sincerely . 
 `` yes , very fond . 
 love the little buggers , '' i said with a fake smile . 
 my eyes lit up as i removed the top of the box , revealing a shimmering , deep blue dress . 
 i picked it up by the shoulders , allowing the ruffled bottom to fall all the way down to my feet . 
 `` blue is your favorite , if i 'm not mistaken , '' william said , looking thoroughly fulfilled by my delight . 
 `` it 's gorgeous , william . 
 really , thank you . 
 it 's a very sweet gift , '' i cooed , momentarily forgetting my general loathing of the man . 
 i held the dress up to myself , the bottom fanning out gracefully as i twirled . 
 `` you 're an adult now , i figured it might be time to supply you with a more mature wardrobe , '' william said , returning to his professional demeanor . 
 i smiled in thanks as he stood , brushing out a few invisible wrinkles from his suit . 
 i was taken aback as william 's behavior shifted slightly , his eyes landing on the glinting stone dangling from my neck . 
 i stepped back out of reflex , as he reached for the necklace , then tentatively allowed him to examine it . 
 `` is n't that lovely , '' he said in a devious tone . 
 `` al gave it to me , '' i clarified . 
 my words instantly brought an expression of discreet joy to william 's face . 
 `` did he , now ? 
 how very kind of him , '' william said , letting the stone drop back to my chest . 
 `` i believe it will go quite well with your dress . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i nodded timidly in agreement , still a little nervous about william 's strange reaction to my necklace , as he moved toward the door . 
 `` would you be so kind as to try it on for me ? '' 
 william asked . 
 it would be easy to interpret the request as creepy and off-putting , but the expression in his eyes was sincere . 
 william and i may never have gotten along well , what with the whole ` him keeping me captive and running tests on me ' thing , but he undoubtedly felt connected to me in some way . 
 not necessarily a paternal connection , but has at least thought of me as some sort of pet he had raised from a baby ; the baby was all grown up . 
 i smiled and retreated to my room , towing the heavy lump of blue fabric on my shoulder to prevent it from dragging on the floor . 
 in pulling on the dress , after changing out of my frumpy pajamas , i witnessed something i had n't expected : i transformed into a beautiful woman . 
 my reflection from the previous day did n't hold a candle to what i was looking at now . 
 the sleeves rested securely on the very edges of my shoulders , with sequins crawling down the entire bodice in a leafy pattern , perfectly catching the rays of blue and purple cast from my necklace . 
 sheer , lacy fabric flowed freely from my waist all the way down to the floor , trailing elegantly behind me as i moved . 
 the back was open , held together by a jeweled strap across my shoulder blades , and revealing how little advantage i had taken of the light therapy room . 
 i barely recognized the woman in the mirror . 
 she was dignified and polished ; she looked like a princess . 
 it seemed impossible that i was gazing at my own image . 
 `` angela ? 
 is everything alright ? 
 does n't it fit properly ? '' 
 william called from the other side of my bedroom door . 
 `` no , '' i whispered , voice catching in my throat . 
 `` no , it 's ... perfect . '' 
 i pulled on a pair of plain , black heels -- the only fancy shoes i owned -- which barely peeked out from under the long gown . 
 with a preparing breath , i slowly pulled open the bedroom door . 
 william 's face lit up for a fraction of a second , before returning to its usual , rigid state . 
 i thought i saw his eyes go watery , but i may have been mistaken . 
 `` i 'm glad we were able to get the size correct . '' 
 william cleared his throat . 
 `` i apologize for not being able to participate in the celebration today . 
 i really must be going . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' i said calmly , the bottom of the gown flowing gracefully behind me as i walked him to the door . 
 `` please tell alvin happy birthday for me , as well , '' william said , shutting the door behind himself without a second look back . 
 `` what ?! '' 
 the word found its way out of my mouth a moment too late , having already been disconnected from william by the door . 
 happy birthday to al ? 
 happy birthday to al ?! 
 gears cranked rapidly in my head . 
 pieces of fabric whirled around me , as i clasped both of my hands over my mouth to stifle a gasp . 
 it could n't have been . 
 it could n't have been ! 
 could it have been ? 
 no . 
 it could n't have been ... i glanced at the little green numbers on the microwave . 
 it was already two o’clock . 
 the party would be starting in half an hour . 
 shaking myself out of a trance , i rushed through my front door , wobbling clumsily down the hall ; i was less than qualified to wear heels . 
 i danced eagerly in place , repeatedly jabbing the small elevator button with the down arrow on it . 
 it felt as if i spent a million years inside the elevator , waiting for the doors to open to the village . 
 shock , excitement , and exhaustion whirred around me like a vacuum , making it very difficult to breathe , and even more difficult to refrain from fidgeting . 
 my knees wavered , my hands shook , my feet tapped , and my teeth chattered ; if i had n't been able to narrow it all down to fatigue and anxiety , i would have thought that i was having an epileptic episode . 
 synthetic light warmed my face as the doors parted to reveal a bustling street , covered by a large , white tent . 
 as if they could have possibly needed protection from the weather . 
 small , blue and white twinkling lights lined posts and poles , chairs and tables . 
 the smell of charcoal and cooked foods invaded my nose , simultaneously causing my eyes to water , and my salivary glands to ooze . 
 children shrieked in delight as they weaved uncaringly between the legs of adults . 
 a large banner reading ` in honor of angela dawson ' hung a few feet above my head , rays of light bouncing off of the glittering letters . 
 i was stunned . 
 all of my previous birthday parties had been similar to carnivals . 
 the sight in front of me reminded me of something one might see at a fancy wedding , or a particularly joyous funeral . 
 instead of the usual shorts and sandals , everyone wore suits and fancy flowing dresses , shiny shoes and expressions of aristocracy . 
 i had no doubt that this was going along with william 's mention of my becoming an adult , therefore more mature . 
 it would be a lie to say i was n't disappointed . 
 i had been looking forward to throwing darts at balloons , and eating meats and cheeses on sticks . 
 i had already concluded that i did not like the idea of being an adult . 
 i rapidly searched the crowd from my place by the elevator , until my eyes were finally met by those of the deepest oceans . 
 i did n't care that my line of sight was temporarily disturbed by unnoticing facility employees ; it was as if i could see straight through them into al 's soul , as he made his way closer to me . 
 `` happy birthday , miss dawson , '' al said with a quiet smile . 
 i was unable to force words from my mouth . 
 i was unable to move . 
 in fact , i was unable to do much of anything , except stare into al 's icy eyes . 
 eyes , which had already completely regrown brows above them . 
 eyes , which emanated kindness , honesty , and loyalty . 
 eyes , which grew wide with understanding as to why i was staring into them like a creeper . 
 eyes , which , i was absolutely certain , opened to a vast , white room when they fell asleep . 
 ` careful , ' al 's voice rang inside my head . 
 `` happy birthday to you , as well , mr. waldreck , '' i said , squinting my eyes with silent accusation . 
 at first , i had been overwhelmingly excited to know that i was so close to someone of my own kind . 
 my head had instantly filled with questions that made my body feel as if it would cave in on itself if i did n't get the answers . 
 how many others were there ? 
 why were there only six of us in my energy room if there were more of us ? 
 what exactly were we ? 
 however , my excitement had quickly turned to anger mixed with worry . 
 if al was telepathic , why did n't he just tell me when he arrived at the facility that he was like me ? 
 more importantly ... why was he even there ? 
 `` happy birthday , angie ! '' 
 i heard paula shout from somewhere in the crowd , forcing me to plummet back into the world outside of my head . 
 it took me a moment to pry my eyes away from al , and to plaster a cheesy grin across my face . 
 `` thanks ! '' 
 i exclaimed , nearly toppling over as the woman tackled me with a hug . 
 `` you too , al , '' paula added quickly , before taking hold of my hand to drag me down the street , where i received many random ` happy birthdays ' . 
 i clumsily glanced behind me , making sure that al was following us . 
 i did n't want him to leave my sight ever again . 
 `` happy birthday , sweetie ! '' 
 emmy cried joyfully , giving me a kind hug as paula and i reached our destination of the largest table at the very back of the tent . 
 `` thanks , emmy , '' i said , gratefully accepting her gentle hug . 
 `` where 's eddie ? '' 
 my question brought a tinge of sadness to emmy 's eyes , but only long enough for her to try to hide it with a smile . 
 `` oh , i 'm sorry dear . 
 he 's been under the weather lately . 
 he just was n't feeling up to coming out today , i 'm afraid , '' emmy lied . 
 `` maybe i should go see him . 
 is he at the house ? '' 
 i asked worriedly . 
 `` no ! 
 no ... he ... does n't want to see anyone . 
 he just wants to rest , '' emmy said . 
 another lie . 
 `` okay , well ... tell him later that i hope he gets better soon , '' i said tentatively . 
 `` oy ! 
 everyone gather round ! 
 our birthday girl is here ! '' 
 paula bellowed at a volume that would make even a police-siren cringe . 
 `` you too , al. . 
 get up here , '' emmy encouraged , waving al behind the table . 
 al and i shared a look of utter embarrassment , as the sea of bodies turned toward us , beginning to sing a very shaky and out of tune version of ` happy birthday ' . 
 we both gawked in amazement as paula 's co-chefs wheeled out a giant cake . 
 it was the most incredible edible thing i had ever seen . 
 using her mystical culinary powers , paula had managed to design a cake to very closely resemble the icy towers i had created on al 's first day at the facility . 
 weaving through the frosty stronghold were unmoving flames , which looked as if they could actually burn down the tent . 
 across one of the flames , in shimmering silver glitter , were the words ` happy birthday , angela , ' with ` and al ' scribbled in some sort of edible marker just below them . 
 the tears welling up in my eyes took me by surprise . 
 the smiling faces of the crowd singing to me , the love emanating from paula and emmy ... i certainly did n't have a normal life by any means , but at that point in time , i considered myself lucky . 
 i wrapped my arm around al 's , feeling the need to stable myself . 
 he did not object , only continued staring at the magnificent cake before us . 
 we applauded , smiled , and laughed as everyone finished their song in unison , ending on a much better note than it had begun . 
 i protested against the idea of cutting into the cake ; it seemed like it should have been against the law to destroy something so beautiful , but paula insisted . 
 together , al and i took to the cake with a large knife , slicing through the center of one of the flames . 
 the crowd cheered , and a thought brought even more tears to my eyes ; i imagined reliving a similar moment someday with lakin , at our wedding . 
 i covered my tears with a smile , even though i realized that day would probably never come . 
 al must have read my mind , because he gave me a very strong and comforting hug , while paula took over cutting the cake , claiming that we were ` doing it wrong . ' 
 `` there will be a day when everyone is happy , '' al promised with a whisper in my ear , `` but that day is not today . '' 
 over al 's shoulder , through blurred watery eyes , i saw a face full of even more sorrow than my own . 
 eric stood alone , in the middle of the street , staring at the sight of myself in al 's embrace . 
 i considered running to meet him , but i knew it would n't do any good . 
 the boy turned , dropping a small wrapped box as he walked away from the tent ; away from our friendship forever . 
 `` hold your bloody horses , there 's enough for everyone ! '' 
 paula shouted from behind me , motivating me to pull myself out of al 's arms after drying my face on his shoulder . 
 `` everyone get your cake and find a seat . 
 we 'll do presents in a little bit , '' emmy said in an unexpectedly demanding tone . 
 al and i took our seats at the main table , nodding and smiling as people wished us both happy birthday before grabbing their plates of cake . 
 i poked at my little edible ice tower with a fork , revealing a deep royal blue color on the inside . 
 `` blue velvet , '' paula said with a wink . 
 the cake was as delicious as it was beautiful , smooth and creamy with chocolaty undertones ; i could almost feel my arteries hardening as i ate it . 
 i wished that lakin and the others could have shared the party with me . 
 i wondered how they were celebrating their birthdays . 
 lakin was probably working . 
 lyla was most likely giving herself a five-finger discount on some new clothes . 
 joseph 's dads probably organized a big hoopla , not too different from my own . 
 bryant was probably sleeping so he could spend the time with nadia . 
 `` hi , angie ! 
 happy birfday ! '' 
 a small squeaky voice announced , coming from the direction of a pair of big brown eyes , which barely reached above the table . 
 `` thanks , jenny , '' i chuckled through a mouthful of cake . 
 jenny was a young girl who lived in the village . 
 she could n't have been more than six years old . 
 a year or so earlier , a couple of kids had been teasing her one day , when i was walking to eric 's house . 
 i basically scared the crap out of them by saying i was going to turn them all into bearded dragons . 
 ever since then , jenny had looked up to me . 
 i was n't really fond of kids , but she was an exception . 
 on more than one occasion , she had mentioned that she wanted to grow up to be ` just like me ' , and was certain she would be able to manipulate elements . 
 i could n't help but adore her . 
 `` i made you dis ! '' 
 jenny said excitedly , long , blonde hair waving as she shoved a piece of paper across the table . 
 i picked up the drawing with admiration . 
 it was of , what i was assuming was , jenny and me with blue and red streams projecting from our hands , and giant smiles on our faces . 
 `` aww , thank you ! 
 this is the best present ever , '' i said , hugging the portrait against my chest . 
 jenny 's eyes lit up as she giggled , before thanking paula for her cake and running off . 
 `` that ... was adorable , '' al said , a soft smile spreading across his face . 
 `` she 's a sweet kid , '' i choked , forcing back more tears as i realized the young girl with her entire life ahead of her , would spend it within the walls of the facility . 
 the remainder of the day was spent as festively as it could have been . 
 al and i thanked people as convincingly as we could for the socks , and the random knick-knacks that were available in the store . 
 he did receive a new coffee pot , which was pretty convenient . 
 emmy had ordered in a bunch of new clothes for me , probably derived from william 's suggestion . 
 some of the girls from the city , who were a few years younger than me , gave me makeup ; i wondered if that was a hint that they thought i needed it . 
 i was appreciative for everything i was receiving , but none of the gifts even came close to the drawing jenny had given me . 
 it was from the heart , and that 's where i would keep it . 
 chapter fifteen quake `` there is n't the slightest possibility that al having the same birthday is just a coincidence ? '' 
 bryant asked , after he had viewed my birthday experience , along with nadia and lakin . 
 `` i have no doubts that he is one of us . 
 none at all , '' i stated firmly . 
 i stared questioningly at lakin , trying to convince myself that i wanted his insight , when really , i just wanted to hear his voice . 
 `` how many more do you think there are like us ? '' 
 nadia asked excitedly . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 he 's obviously able to communicate to me through telepathy , but there must be some reason he has n't flat out explained everything to me , '' i said interestedly . 
 `` now hold on , we still do n't know for sure that he is one of us , '' bryant said , shaking his head in frustration . 
 `` i think he is , '' lakin piped up , taking us all by surprise . 
 `` this might not have even been his birthday . 
 it could all just be part of some scheme , '' bryant defended . 
 `` that is true , but i 'm with angela . 
 i was doubtful before , but i believe it now , '' lakin admitted . 
 `` why ?! '' 
 bryant exclaimed . 
 `` i do n't know , '' lakin confessed , glancing at me . 
 `` i just do . '' 
 a smile crept across my face . 
 i was relieved that lakin supported my opinion , having thought he would continue to fight the idea . 
 i hoped that it meant we were on the path to recovering our damaged relationship . 
 `` if he is like us , why ca n't we read minds ? '' 
 bryant asked in a triumphant tone , obviously thinking he had defeated us . 
 `` maybe others like us have different abilities , '' i countered with the same triumphant tone . 
 `` i still think you should be careful , '' bryant said with finality , leaning back in his chair . 
 `` when do you see him again ? '' 
 nadia asked , eyes ablaze with a hopeful fire . 
 `` tomorrow , i have a lab-run , '' i replied . 
 `` are you going to try to communicate with him again ? '' 
 she questioned . 
 `` yeah , i 'll try , '' i smiled empathetically , knowing nadia was optimistic that al would be her escape from her coma . 
 we all sat in thoughtful silence for what seemed like an eternity . 
 i mainly wondered why it had taken so long to discover that al was one of us . 
 why had n't he just told me telepathically when we first met ? 
 why was he even at the facility ? 
 maybe it was a plan to help me escape . 
 i chuckled , shaking the ridiculous thought from my mind . 
 i awoke the next morning with an overwhelming sense of eagerness . 
 coffee was n't necessary as i dressed myself with enthusiasm , excited to see al again . 
 besides that , it would be my first lab-run since i had almost burnt al 's face off , which added to the perk in my step . 
 i pranced happily to the front door , responding to the knocking . 
 `` good morning , alvin ! '' 
 i shouted with cheesy delight . 
 `` uh ... good morning , angela , '' al said with a hesitant chuckle . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 `` yep ! '' 
 i beamed , slamming the door behind me as i frolicked into the hallway . 
 `` you seem excessively cheerful today , '' al noted . 
 `` i have a feeling it 's going to be a good day , '' i winked , punching the down button of the elevator vivaciously . 
 al watched me curiously , as i fidgeted the entire ride down to the thirtieth floor ; the very bottom level of the facility . 
 the elevator doors exposed a lab room just as the others , except behind the dividing glass panel was a floor covered in pure white sand . 
 i eyed the employees , searching for eddie 's kind face . 
 i frowned in disappointment to find a very cross looking face in its place . 
 `` good morning , miss dawson , '' a raspy voice called from the middle of the room . 
 mr. gray had been working at the facility for nearly as long as eddie , and was prime candidate for eddie 's replacement as ` head scientist ' . 
 he had always taken over for eddie on sick days , and had a mechanical sense about him . 
 he ran everything by the book , and rarely participated in small talk . 
 `` is eddie still sick ? '' 
 i interrogated , making my way toward the glass door . 
 `` afraid so , '' mr. gray answered , observing al suspiciously . 
 `` mr. waldreck , it is not routine for therapists to be present at lab-runs . 
 i would think , after your last experience , that you would want to steer clear of the tests . '' 
 `` i think i 'll stay , if that 's quite alright with you . '' 
 al spoke firmly , refusing to leave . 
 mr. gray issued a dull nod , jamming his card key into a slot at the glass door to let us in . 
 the room was dry and warm , mimicking perfectly what i expected the desert felt like . 
 i kicked my slippers off to the wall , wiggling my toes in the hot sand . 
 i furrowed my eyebrows , watching al lean down to pick up a handful of the gritty stuff . 
 `` where is this from ? '' 
 al asked curiously , letting the sand leak off of his palm before grabbing another handful . 
 `` that 's not my department . 
 you would have to ask mr. slate . 
 as per the new rules mr. slate has implemented , i 'm going to have to ask that you stay on the safe side of the glass , mr. waldreck . 
 we do n't want a repeat of the fire-run incident , '' mr. gray said snobbishly . 
 al obliged , shoving his hands into his pockets as he exited the contained desert . 
 i stood firmly in the middle of the room , awaiting instructions through the speaker system as i always did when mr. gray was in charge . 
 `` miss dawson , today you will be simulating a sandstorm . 
 we 've enabled the heating system as your wind-source . '' 
 mr. gray 's voice was amplified through the speaker , clicking off momentarily as he gave various orders to the workers . 
 `` when you are ready . '' 
 i smirked at the little red light on my electro-cuffs , feeling a sense of liberty rush over me . 
 i raised my face toward the ceiling , allowing the slight wind to warm my body as it moved throughout the room . 
 air , for whatever reason , was the easiest for me to manipulate , and gave me an inspiring feeling of freedom . 
 i sighed , imagining my breath intertwining with the heated breeze . 
 my hair blew as the breeze turned into a gust , brushing small bits of sand across my cheek . 
 i pictured myself as a bird , soaring freely across the sky , wind flowing through my feathered wings . 
 i smiled , lifting my arms from my sides as streams of sand glided through my widespread fingers . 
 my eyes opened to witness the steady spiral of sand , swirling around me like a mild tornado . 
 the lab-run was going perfectly , until my eyes locked with al 's on the other side of the glass pane . 
 the same sensation which had possessed me during the ice lab , and the fire lab , overtook me ; the familiar piercing between my eyes . 
 all the control i had just moments before was lost , as i felt the energy build up inside me . 
 a shout of pain burst from my throat , as the current rushed out my hands . 
 it all seemed to happen so quickly . 
 sand collided against my skin with hostility , cutting small scratches into my cheeks and hands like tiny knives . 
 the ground beneath my feet rumbled and quaked , causing small cracks to spread throughout the dividing glass panel . 
 `` miss dawson , i must ask you to cease immediately ! '' 
 mr. gray 's shouts were drowned out by the gusts of wind . 
 ` you can control this , ' al 's voice pushed itself into my thoughts . 
 ` focus on stopping . ' 
 i attempted to contain the energy that was emanating outward from my entire body , closing my eyes through the pain to imagine the room calming down . 
 the only change i felt was the quakes below my feet worsening , causing scientists to stumble and machinery to spark . 
 suddenly , the sand fell around me like rain , as the most excruciating charge of electricity pulsed through me , dropping me to my knees . 
 i screamed in blinding agony , as my body violently convulsed . 
 my vision went white as the current stopped , but i was not surrounded by the whiteness that protected me in my dreams ; i was stuck in a limbo of pain where i could hear people talking and shuffling around me , but could only see blurry outlines and hues . 
 ` this must be what death feels like , ' i thought . 
 i felt myself being lifted , my head bobbing aggressively against something that felt not unlike an arm . 
 i wondered if i was being carried up the stairs to heaven , which seemed unending . 
 `` you 're going to be alright , '' said a voice , which i thought sounded familiar ; soft and calm . 
 `` are you my angel ? '' 
 i mumbled . 
 the harder i tried to push my eyelids open , the heavier they felt . 
 `` not quite , '' the voice chuckled , continuing its trek up the everlasting staircase . 
 finally , our journey upwards leveled with the sound of a swinging door . 
 i heard more shuffling and voices , as i was placed on something soft and cool . 
 i felt my eyelids being pulled back , one after the other , the blurry whiteness temporarily growing brighter . 
 `` angela , can you hear me ? '' 
 a new voice asked frantically . 
 `` you 're a man ? '' 
 i murmured , having always imagined that god was a woman ... or a unicorn . 
 `` it 's nurse davis . 
 can you tell me how many fingers i 'm holding up ? '' 
 the voice asked , as a pressure started building on my upper arm . 
 `` nurse davis ? 
 are you in heaven too ? '' 
 i questioned uncomprehendingly . 
 `` angela , you 're in the infirmary , '' nurse davis stated , as the pressure relieved from my arm . 
 slowly , the shapes surrounding me came into better focus . 
 i squinted against the harsh light behind the outlines of , what i could finally see were , bodies . 
 it felt as if i had been run over by a semi-truck , put through a clothes dryer , then severely electrocuted in the middle of an earthquake combined with a sandstorm . 
 every part of my body ached , my head throbbed , and my muscles spasmed as if they had developed a mind of their own . 
 i blinked rapidly , trying to recognize the faces around me . 
 `` do n't try to get up , '' nurse davis said quickly , as i attempted to push myself to my elbows . 
 i was finally able to distinguish a pair of icy blue eyes , which appeared to be saturated with worry . 
 al moved closer to me , gently gripping my hand . 
 i stared in confusion , taking in my surroundings . 
 the earthquake had n't just damaged the glass pane on the thirtieth floor of the facility . 
 all the way up in the infirmary , debris littered the floor , and light fixtures drooped dangerously from the ceiling . 
 a steady stream of residents from all levels waited patiently in line with varying degrees of scratches , bruises , and bloody wounds . 
 it took me a moment to realize they were all glaring at me ; some in anger , others in panicky fear . 
 for the entirety of my life , many residents of the facility had been searching for a reason to hate me ; it seemed they finally had the reason they so desperately desired . 
 `` hey ... everything is going to be alright , '' al whispered soothingly , drawing my attention away from the crowd . 
 `` can one of you tell me what happened ? '' 
 nurse davis asked , shining his little flashlight in my eyes . 
 `` you people raised the voltage so high on her electro-cuffs , she 's lucky to be alive , '' al said , a distinct tone of malice coursing through his words . 
 `` i was referring to the state of the building , mr. waldreck , '' nurse davis stated , seeing al 's malice , and raising him some spite . 
 `` judging by that line of people over there , i 'd say we 're all lucky to be alive . '' 
 `` i did n't mean to -- '' i began , cut off by an unexpected outburst . 
 `` i 'll tell you what happened ! 
 this young woman almost took down the entire facility ! '' 
 mr. gray exclaimed , holding his bloody arm as he pushed his way through the queue of injured people . 
 `` we have greatly underestimated her power ! 
 she is a danger to us all , and she ought to be destroyed ! '' 
 `` do you even hear yourself ?! '' 
 al shouted , standing up between me and the hostile man marching toward us . 
 `` you 're talking about destroying a human being ! '' 
 `` if this thing is even human , she ought to be treated as a terrorist , '' mr. gray said , eyes ablaze with hatred . 
 `` she is treated like royalty , and this is what happens ! '' 
 i felt a hot tear roll down my cheek , peeking over al 's shoulder at the man who apparently wanted to murder me . 
 breath caught in my lungs , as i searched the terrified faces in the crowd . 
 nobody seemed to disagree with mr. gray ; nobody , except al. . 
 suddenly , the growing sea of injured people began to part , as a gurney was wheeled in by two gloomy-looking medics . 
 a white , blood-soaked sheet covered the form of a body . 
 the medics marched through the room , toward a set of morbid swinging doors . 
 before they could reach their destination , the sheet covering the corpse managed to wedge itself between the wheels of the gurney , causing it to drift to the floor in what felt like slow motion . 
 i clasped my hand over my mouth to stifle the gasp , burying my face in al 's arm . 
 there , on the gurney , pale and unmoving , was a ginger-haired man i recognized all too well . 
 chapter sixteen in honor of edward stein it felt as though i had been disconnected from reality . 
 i floated past dark blurs of people , only slightly aware that al was at my side . 
 a heaviness hung in the air , infusing my entire being with sorrow , as i made my way closer to the end of the aisle between the dark wooden benches . 
 streams forced their way from my eyes , as i caught a glimpse of perfectly-groomed , red and gray hair in the casket ahead . 
 people had died in the facility before , but i had never been introduced to the face of death with such brutality . 
 the closest thing i had ever known to a father was lying in front of me , hands folded across his chest , with a final expression of disharmony plastered on his still face . 
 i knew that peace was nowhere to be found in eddie 's closed eyes . 
 my knees wobbled unsteadily . 
 my legs seemed to have removed themselves from my control . 
 al 's grasp on my arm tightened ; he now held the weight of my entire body , but managed to escort me to one of the seats in the front row . 
 forcing myself into some sort of awareness , i realized i was sitting next to eddie 's sobbing wife . 
 i attempted to reach for her hand , but she pulled it away sharply . 
 `` emmy ... i 'm so sorry , '' i said . 
 my voice felt foreign and cold . 
 emmy lifted her puffy red face from a flowery handkerchief to meet me with such fury i never knew existed in the world . 
 she did not accept my condolences , instead silently moving to a bench on the other side of the aisle . 
 i lowered my head , tears still making their way down my cheeks . 
 i felt a hand on my chin , and allowed it to direct my face toward al. . 
 his eyes collided with mine , as his words rang throughout my head . 
 ` this is not your fault , ' al said firmly , without actually speaking . 
 i lowered my head to al 's shoulder , tuning out the sounds of muffled shuffling as various employees of the facility filtered into their seats . 
 perhaps it was insensitive of me , but the eulogies and speeches made by voices and faces i did n't recognize sounded like nothing more than inaudible rambles . 
 i was in a world of my own , hidden away inside my head . 
 the instrumental band at the back of the room provided a mournful soundtrack to the memories that replayed themselves in my mind . 
 i thought of the last time i saw eddie , pacing nervously after i had caught al on fire . 
 i thought of the last words i would ever hear from his mouth . 
 ` take your time , and do your best . 
 i believe in you . ' 
 i wished i had spoken to him since that day . 
 i thought of eddie and emmy 's anniversary , a few months before al had arrived . 
 eric and i made them both breakfast in bed , cleaned the entire house spotless , and arranged for them to spend the entire day in spa treatment . 
 my graduation from tutoring . 
 eddie had organized a ceremony that was exactly like the ones i had seen in movie , except that it was in the back yard of his house , and i was the only one in a cap and gown . 
 my sixteenth birthday . 
 eddie had set up a small golf course , and taught me how to drive . 
 he thought he was so clever . 
 my ` goth ' phase . 
 eddie had spiked his hair , and wore black eyeliner for a week . 
 he said it was so i would n't feel like an outcast , but i was pretty sure it was just his way of trying to prove how ridiculous he thought i looked . 
 when i was fourteen , eddie decided it was time to have ` the talk ' with me . 
 he had basically gone over everything i learned in sex-ed , but with a much more embarrassed expression than my tutor . 
 that particular talk had somehow ended with eddie and me playing video games . 
 at twelve , eddie discussed with me why flooding william 's office was wrong . 
 ` hilarious ... but wrong . ' 
 he had ended the conversation with a hug , and the comment ` maybe next time , ' which i had never understood . 
 for my tenth birthday , eddie gave me some of his favorite comic books . 
 he said they reminded him of me , but that i was different because i did n't have weaknesses like the other super-heroes . 
 six years old : i was wobbling around on top of a little pink bike with no training wheels . 
 eddie said he was n't going to lie to me by telling me he would n't let go . 
 he told me he would have to let go , otherwise i would never learn to do it on my own . 
 i pushed back even further into my memories , to things most people would have forgotten long ago . 
 there was no way of knowing if i was fabricating the memories from stories i had been told , but they seemed real to me . 
 i remembered giggling as i took my first step , eddie 's face beaming as his arms reached out for me . 
 i remembered putting my tiny little hand on eddie 's cheek as i spoke my first word : ` smile ' . 
 then , i remembered something unfamiliar . 
 there were shouts and screams , bright lights and loud , crashing noises . 
 i was an infant , swaddled in a deep blue blanket , looking into the face of a woman i had never seen before . 
 her hair was the color of sunshine , and it tickled my nose while she ran with me through white halls . 
 i lowered my eyebrows , looking to al after realizing he had been watching me through my reminiscence . 
 his kind eyes closed , nodding as his voice entered my head . 
 ` in time , ' his voice said . 
 al led me through the slowly moving line of people , following the pallbearers to a room off of the one we had just been in . 
 attached to the back wall was a shiny metal door , a small window glaring gloomily at us from the top . 
 there was no cemetery in the facility . 
 it would n't have been practical . 
 there were no headstones with dates and quotes for loved ones to place flowers on , or to visit on anniversaries and birthdays . 
 there was only the crematorium , used to reduce human beings to ash and dust , after which they would then be placed in a plain , silver urn . 
 it had become customary to watch as the cremation process began , though i never understood why . 
 it seemed so violent and cruel to stand by as your loved one was burned . 
 the heavy door was shut with a dreadful thud , eddie 's lifeless body locked inside . 
 we all stood in silence , staring at the small dark window . 
 emmy 's sobs rang throughout the room , as flames licked their way up to our line of vision . 
 emotion overwhelmed me to the point that i felt nothing at all , only emptiness . 
 i stared blankly at the window , unable to comprehend that i would never see the man behind that door ever again . 
 something possessed me to look around the room , at the faces that were witnessing this horrible event . 
 i found some sort of comfort in seeing that i was not the only person to seem so detached . 
 many faces were tear-stained , but many were distant . 
 suddenly , i realized a face was missing entirely from the crowd . 
 on the day of his father 's funeral , eric was nowhere to be found . 
 chapter seventeen effective i lost myself in the warm embrace of lakin 's arms , at the center of a soothing group hug from everyone in the spacious , white room . 
 it appeared that any sort of animosity lakin felt toward me had finally dissolved . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 nadia asked softly , as the group parted . 
 `` i have n't really accepted it yet , '' i answered blankly . 
 lakin did n't leave my side , as we retreated to my extended blue chair . 
 he kept his arm wrapped tightly around me , seemingly worried that i might disappear from existence . 
 i imagined how wonderful it would have been to spend the rest of eternity in that moment , uncaring as to what happened outside of the single entity that was us . 
 it felt as though a piece of me had been missing , but i had n't realized until it was returned . 
 i stared lovingly into his eyes , immediately feeling complete as he returned the gaze , unhindered by anger or discontent . 
 this new feeling fought against my grief , both aiming for total control over my body ; the battle left me vacant . 
 unexpectedly , i was so ferociously ripped from my emotional war that i could n't comprehend what i was experiencing ; my first thought was that the world was ending , and zombies had infiltrated the facility . 
 the kind faces around me were replaced by those of hostility . 
 lakin 's protective grasp had disappeared , and powerful arms were yanking me from my bed . 
 as my eyes finally adjusted to the darkness of my bedroom , i identified the two security guards who often attended my lab-runs . 
 they had locked my shackles together , and were dragging me toward the front door of my apartment . 
 my toes barely touched the floor , as they each had a strong hand clamped around my arms . 
 i wriggled and pulled , unsuccessfully trying to free myself from their grips . 
 the last image i saw of the apartment -- of what i knew as my home -- was the window at the far side of the living room . 
 the quake had caused the hologram servers to malfunction , and shaky lines maneuvered their way across the moonlit yard . 
 the front half of a deer stood , unsupported by hind-quarters , completely unaware that it looked like something out of a horror film , let alone that it only existed inside a computer program . 
 i was struck with the realization that any comfort i had ever felt within the facility was forged ; a projection of normalcy , meant to fool us all into believing we were anything other than prisoners ... and i was responsible for breaking the facade . 
 `` what are you doing ?! '' 
 i screamed , thrashing as reality sunk in . 
 the bulky guards remained silent , ushering me toward the door to the stairway . 
 the facility was so damaged by the earthquake , the elevator was deemed unsafe , even though it was functional . 
 most residents had been asked to remain in their homes until further notice , probably to keep them from witnessing the ugly truth of their surroundings . 
 `` where are you taking me ?! '' 
 i shouted at the top of my lungs , struggling as they dragged me up stair after stair . 
 at that point , i wished i had n't been the only person living on my floor . 
 perhaps someone would have heard me , and tried to help . 
 of course , they probably would have ignored my cries , anyway . 
 it was n't generally the way of the facility employees to interfere with anything that i was involved in . 
 i had just been suddenly awoken and abducted after the most emotionally draining day of my life . 
 i did n't know where these men were taking me , nor what to expect . 
 i was not afraid ; i was furious . 
 i wanted answers . 
 a sense of tranquility flooded over me , as al 's voice rolled through my mind . 
 ` calm yourself , ' his voice whispered , as i continued to battle against the grips of the guards . 
 ` what is happening ? ' 
 i asked silently . 
 ` this will be unpleasant . 
 stay calm . 
 you have to trust me . ' 
 his words resonated in my mind , as my adventure came to an end at william 's door . 
 `` come in , '' william called , after one of the guards had used his free hand to announce our arrival with a couple of swift , hard knocks . 
 the first thing i noticed as we entered the pristine room , was that every security guard in the facility was standing against the walls , expecting eyes trained on my every move . 
 william was standing composedly next to the largest chair at the end of the table . 
 i was surprised to see al staring at me from the next seat over , unwaveringly expressionless . 
 `` have a seat , angela . '' 
 william gestured to the chair at his side . 
 i stumbled as the guards dragged me to the chair , obviously assuming i would n't have complied on my own . 
 i slouched into the tall , leather seat , resting my shackled hands on the cool table in front of me . 
 i peered at al with confusion , observing that he was not restrained in any way . 
 he reminded me of a juror , indifferently taking in a trial . 
 `` what is going on ? '' 
 i demanded , twisting my head in order to shift my gaze to william . 
 `` would you say that you 've had a generally untroubled life here , at the facility ? '' 
 william questioned , crossing his hands behind his back as he walked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked perplexedly . 
 `` answer the question , '' william insisted . 
 `` i would n't know . 
 i do n't have anything to compare it to . '' 
 i glared at the back of the strict man 's head , before he turned to me with a smirk . 
 `` have you not been supplied with food , shelter , care , clothing , and a significant amount of freedom since you 've been here ? '' 
 william inquired . 
 `` i suppose , '' i replied through clenched teeth . 
 `` i ask very little from you , in return for the comfortable life we have provided you , '' william began , taking on the familiar tone from lectures he had given me in the past . 
 `` but it is apparent that you have been withholding some very important information . '' 
 `` what information ? '' 
 i asked , forehead wrinkling with bewilderment . 
 at first , i feared that he was talking about al. . 
 it did n't take me long to realize that if this had been the case , al would have been shackled as well , if not dead . 
 `` if i 'm not mistaken , many years ago we asked you whether you thought there were more of your kind in the world . 
 we 've asked you this many times , and it seems as though you 've never answered truthfully , '' william rambled , coming to a halt behind my chair . 
 a lump the size of a small child immediately implanted itself directly in my throat , and started playing dodge-ball with my tonsils . 
 if al had not been found out , that could only mean one thing . 
 the day i had been dreading my entire life had finally arrived : they knew about the others , whom i had so desperately tried to protect . 
 `` i do n't understand , '' i lied , keeping my eyes forward . 
 `` do not lie to me ! '' 
 william roared , slamming his balled fist on the table in front of me . 
 `` i 'm not , '' i said convincingly , staring directly into william 's harsh eyes . 
 his face was inches from my own , and was riddled with rage . 
 he shook his head in slight disbelief , as he returned to his spot behind my chair . 
 `` the energy room does n't sound familiar to you ? '' 
 william asked simply . 
 my breath caught in my lungs . 
 `` lyla ? 
 nadia ? 
 bryant ? 
 joseph ? 
 lakin ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said with gut-wrenching finality . 
 ` it 's too late . ' 
 al 's voice chimed in my head . 
 i was unsure which side he was truly on . 
 `` i have a riddle for you , '' william chanted menacingly from behind me . 
 `` what hath more fury than a woman scorned ? '' 
 i held back tears of betrayal as william lowered his face to mine , his hot breath laced with the smell of whiskey . 
 `` a young boy with a broken heart , '' he whispered , grinning with satisfaction . 
 a loud pounding filled my ears as my pulse sped . 
 it felt as though my heart had started construction in my chest , and was attempting to drill its way through my sternum . 
 watery streams of anger flowed down my burning cheeks , but i remained silent as william placed his hands on my shoulders . 
 `` you should have known better than to cross the only person who knows all of your secrets , '' william sighed , grip tightening briefly around my neck . 
 `` tell me ... how many lakins do you think were born on august 17th , in 1994 ? '' 
 i remained as still as a statue , turning a deep shade of scarlet . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut , hoping to block out william 's words . 
 `` the answer , my dearest angela dawson , is one , '' he said viciously . 
 it took me a moment to realize , but i was not at all surprised that eric had betrayed me . 
 i had killed his father . 
 i may have done the same as him , if the situation had been reversed . 
 i was no longer furious ; i was terrified . 
 i was scared for the lives of the others . 
 though , i was still confused why al was sitting next to me , unrestrained . 
 they obviously were not aware that he was one of us . 
 or ... he had fooled me , and had actually been working for the facility the entire time , just as lakin originally thought . 
 ` you know that 's not true , ' al 's voice resonated in my mind . 
 `` now , i 'm sure it would n't be difficult to track down this lakin , and the others , '' william started , pulling on a pair of black leather gloves , `` but since peace is the way of your kind , i 'm going to give you a chance to bring them here peacefully . '' 
 what did he mean , ` peace was the way of my kind ' ? 
 `` you see , before , you were under the protection of mr. and mrs. stein because you were underage . 
 they protested against us using any methods more aggressive than the electro-cuffs , and we respected that . 
 however , you are now an adult . 
 you are no longer under the protection of anyone . 
 i have decided that it is time to implement a more ... effective approach , '' william spouted , sitting on the edge of the table to face me . 
 `` that being said , i can guarantee that if we have to bring the others here by force , it will be a very unpleasant situation for everyone . 
 so , what will it be ? '' 
 i had two options . 
 i could comply , and try to get the others to the facility without a struggle . 
 or , i could continue with my loyalty , and do my best to protect them . 
 my choice was obvious . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i just have no clue what you are talking about , '' i said innocently , sitting up with pride . 
 there was a glimmer in my eye , as i smiled at william 's growing rage . 
 the following moment happened so quickly , i was laying on the cold floor before i could understand what i had experienced . 
 my cheek throbbed and burned as i looked up at william , who was adjusting one of his gloves . 
 the chair i was sitting in just seconds before , spun slowly behind me . 
 one of the guards stilled it with his foot , before returning it to its place at the table . 
 i looked pleadingly to al , but was only met by his vacant , inexpressive eyes . 
 i pulled myself up to my knees , rubbing my painful cheek . 
 finding the taste of blood on my bottom lip , i spit at william 's feet . 
 my eyes were ablaze with fury . 
 i wanted nothing more than to catch him on fire , but i knew i would be electrocuted , possibly to death , and i needed to be as strong as possible for what i was sure would come . 
 `` pick yourself up , you disgraceful thing , '' william said in a disgusted tone , before dragging me by the back of the shirt into the chair . 
 `` your kind has always been so pitiful . '' 
 `` then why are you so scared of me ? '' 
 i prodded , glowering at the horrible man in front of me . 
 it was not startling that my words resulted in another heavy smack to the face , this time sending a stabbing sensation throughout my entire head as my nose shattered . 
 my eyes watered , as blood gushed over my lips and chin in warm rivers , staining my shirt red . 
 the question made sense in my mind . 
 if my kind was so pitiful and disgusting , why was i wearing electro-cuffs , which prevented me from being able to fight back ? 
 he obviously feared my power , but refrained from giving me any sort of answer . 
 i chuckled , bearing my blood-soaked teeth as i forced my face back in william 's direction . 
 i would not allow him the privilege of thinking he had won . 
 `` mr. waldreck , would you be so kind as to use your unique skill to assist us ? '' 
 william asked , walking to the bar along the far side of the room to pour himself a drink . 
 `` of course , sir , '' al replied , his icy-blue eyes invading the privacy of my soul as he moved closer to me . 
 the pain in my face was nothing compared to the pain i felt in my chest , as my heart split into two cold , jagged pieces . 
 al had , in fact , deceived me . 
 i was a fool to have ignored lakin and bryant when they warned me not to trust him . 
 because of my ignorance , i had endangered the lives of every person i cared about , and there was nothing i could do to fix it . 
 chapter eighteen sand castles i shut my eyes as tightly as i could , somehow convincing myself that this would keep al out of my head . 
 i tried to lean away from him as he took my face in his hands . 
 i flinched slightly at the stab of pain , as he used his shirt sleeve to wipe away some of the blood from my chin . 
 ` trust me , ' al 's voice penetrated my thoughts , trying to deceive me again . 
 i knew better , now . 
 al had bested the best liar i knew : me . 
 i was not going to let him do it again . 
 `` locate the lakin fellow first , '' william said , taking a swig of whiskey as he smirked . 
 `` lakin adams , '' al began . 
 my eyes opened wide to examine his face . 
 adams was not lakin 's last name . 
 `` he lives in ... houston , texas . '' 
 i wanted to smile , but i refrained . 
 i was wrong . 
 al was not a traitor . 
 he was helping me protect the others . 
 i hoped against hope that my thankfulness did not show on my face . 
 i caught a glimpse of william nodding to one of the security guards , who then left the room . 
 fear shook me . 
 it would n't take long for them to realize that al was lying . 
 `` lyla adams , '' al started , another lie . 
 `` boston , massachusetts ; nadia turner , lincoln , nebraska ; joseph turner , atlanta , georgia ; bryant dawson , phoenix , arizona . '' 
 at each name , another guard left the room , until there were only four remaining . 
 i cocked my head , as al looked at me apologetically . 
 i could n't understand why he seemed regretful , but i was so confused as to why he gave some of us the same surnames . 
 al leaned back on the table , acting as though he was emotionally drained as he retreated his hands to his pants pockets . 
 `` i appreciate your service , mr. waldreck , '' william said , slurping noisily at the remainder of his whiskey . 
 ` prepare yourself , ' al 's voice whispered in my mind . 
 `` unfortunately , someone with telepathic abilities ca n't be trusted in this sort of operation , '' william continued dismally , reaching inside his blazer . 
 al kept his back to william , maintaining steady eye contact with me for a moment . 
 before i could understand what was happening , bang ! 
 the gunshot rang throughout the room like a freight train . 
 i screamed , throwing myself to the floor out of reflex , and bumping my broken nose on the way down . 
 i shut my watery eyes , shaking my head in denial at the thought of losing the man who i was so grateful to . 
 ears deafened by the ringing , i hesitantly forced one eye open , expecting to find al 's lifeless face staring back at me from the floor . 
 my mouth fell agape at the scene . 
 al had spun to face william , flinging his hands out of his pockets to release fistfuls of some sort of coarse powder into the air . 
 i quickly recognized it as the sand from my last lab-run . 
 beams of yellowy light emitted from his hands , intertwining with the tiny grains of sand , causing them to expand and morph together . 
 before i knew it , a labyrinth of rigid glass surrounded us , separating us from the forces of evil in the room . 
 william , who had been awestruck , finally understood what was happening , and began pelting the glass with bullets . 
 the guards behind us followed his lead . 
 i flinched with each loud bang , covering my head as i flattened myself against the floor . 
 i expected the glass to shatter immediately , but the bullets caused nothing more than minuscule chips on contact . 
 `` we have to go , '' al said hurriedly , helping me to my feet . 
 i stared at all the men who had run out of bullets , and resorted to pounding on the glass with the butts of their guns . 
 i tried not to stumble , allowing al to lead the way out of the room into the brightly lit staircase . 
 the next floor up was the computer lab . 
 most of the lights were dimmed , as it was still very late at night . 
 al held his finger to his lips , gesturing that i needed to be quiet . 
 i nodded in understanding , and hunched over as i followed him through cubicles . 
 i was unsure where we were going , but i did n't question it . 
 he pulled me under a small desk just in time to remove ourselves from the path of the guards who had left the room earlier to check on al 's information about the others . 
 when the coast was clear , we forged ahead to the one lit cubicle of the floor . 
 fidgeting nervously in his seat , was a very anxious dr. helmsworth . 
 `` hurry . 
 it wo n't be long , '' al whispered , holding my hands out for dr. helmsworth to examine . 
 i felt a bead of drool run down my chin , as my mouth fell open once again . 
 if it had been physically possible , i 'm sure my jaw would have plummeted all the way to the floor . 
 dr. helmsworth nodded , lifting a set of small keys from around his neck . 
 he quickly typed something into his computer , completely deactivating my electro-cuffs before inserting the keys into the two small holes on the bottom of the shackles , and turning them at the same time . 
 i felt as though the burdeniest of burdens had been lifted from me , as the electro-cuffs fell to the floor with a thud . 
 i gripped my wrists , examining the reddish , wrinkled skin that had developed underneath them . 
 a single tear of happiness rolled down my cheek , as i beamed at the wonderful man fidgeting nervously in his seat . 
 `` you have to go . 
 now , '' dr. helmsworth said , hastily shooing us from the tiny , open office . 
 `` you 're not coming with us ? '' 
 i asked , as al tried to pull me back toward the stairway . 
 `` i would just slow you down . 
 there 's no time . 
 go , '' dr. helmsworth replied . 
 `` they 'll kill you when they find out you helped us , '' i stated sadly , al still tugging at my arm . 
 `` then do n't let me die in vain , angie , '' dr. helmsworth smiled , eyes watering as he gazed at me lovingly . 
 i nodded , finally allowing al to lead me back to the stairway . 
 i had never been to the higher levels of the facility , and i had no clue what to expect . 
 we moved carefully , al keeping an eye on the stairway beneath us as we ascended . 
 the staircase ended at a sturdy , white door . 
 al reached for the handle , sighing to find that it was locked . 
 he knelt down to the keyhole , beams of light emanating from his fingertips as he blew a few grains of leftover sand into the opening . 
 i was uncertain of what he did , but there was a loud click within moments , and the door creaked open . 
 we were in a dark room , surrounded by silence , without even the guiding light of an exit sign . 
 i tugged on al 's shirt sleeve , like a child afraid of the night . 
 ` we are not alone , ' al 's voice said doubtlessly . 
 ` listen . ' 
 we stood completely still , and sure enough ... i could hear the muffled breathing of at least three other people in the room with us . 
 ` what do we do ? ' 
 i questioned inside my head . 
 ` get down , ' he replied . 
 i dropped to the floor at the sound of a lighter clicking . 
 the room was lit up with fire , spreading from al 's palm like a flame-thrower . 
 there were a few gun shots , but before the hidden guards managed to do any damage , they were running around the room like beheaded chickens , completely ablaze and screaming in agonizing pain . 
 al grabbed my hand , lifting me back to my feet . 
 we used the light of the burning guards to navigate our way to a plain , wooden door at the other side of the room . 
 al did n't bother to check whether or not it was locked , rather he just kicked the door open with brute force . 
 we entered into a small stairwell , which led straight up to a door above our heads . 
 hopeful beams of light fell onto our faces from cracks around the door , the sounds of screaming guards growing silent behind us . 
 i held my breath , as al pushed into the door with his shoulder . 
 i closed my eyes to imagine seeing the real sky for the first time , and to feel the warmth of the true sun beaming down on my face . 
 i wondered what the air smelled like . 
 i wondered what it would feel like to stand in the middle of a prairie , with the real breeze whisking through my hair . 
 i wondered ... what that awful smell was ! 
 chapter nineteen the bond nauseating , fluorescent light burned my eyes , as i followed al up the steps into a toxic-smelling room , lined with nauseatingly-green tiles on the walls and floor . 
 i squinted my eyes , attempting to focus them against the light . 
 we were in a men 's bathroom . 
 almost surely , a men 's bathroom that someone had recently used . 
 it was the worst smell i had ever been subjected to , but i was amazed at how flawlessly the door blended in to the floor when it was closed . 
 i gasped at the sight of the creature that was staring at me from the far wall . 
 unhealthy shades of blue , purple and black surrounded the monster 's eyes , and its face was covered in blood . 
 tufts of blonde hair frayed wildly around its face , and ... i realized the hideous beast was me . 
 i was growing to dislike mirrors . 
 `` angie , '' al said , nodding to the bathroom exit . 
 he poked his head through the door , looking around quickly before leading me through . 
 we were in some sort of grocery store , though it was very small . 
 shelves , lined with cans and boxes of food , made for very little room in the aisle ways . 
 at the other end of the shop , i could see a glass door , and on the other side of that glass door ... was darkness . 
 i had totally forgotten that it was the middle of the night . 
 realization forced me to stop in my tracks , violently yanking on al 's hand . 
 `` what ?! '' 
 al asked urgently . 
 `` if it 's the middle of the night , why are all the lights on ? '' 
 i questioned in a whisper . 
 no sooner had the words left my mouth , than the sound of a cocking shotgun announced itself from behind us . 
 al sighed , drooping his head as he raised his hands in defeat . 
 i mimicked him , but with the added bonus of wobbly knees and just the smallest fear of peeing my pants . 
 `` you 've got ten seconds to tell me what you want , '' a male voice interrogated . 
 my ears perked . 
 the voice sounded so familiar , but i could n't place it . 
 our heads lifted in hope , as we realized whoever this person was , he was not from the facility . 
 `` we were just passing through town , and needed some supplies . 
 we thought you were open , '' al lied , quite convincingly . 
 i was impressed . 
 `` people do n't pass through here , and that door was locked . 
 turn around , '' the voice demanded . 
 i gulped , turning as slowly as i could to face the person who was holding us at gun point . 
 i kept my eyes closed tightly , imagining that it would make being shot in the face a little less horrible . 
 i waited for something to be said , but silence hung in the air like humidity on a hot summer day . 
 `` angie ?! '' 
 the voice cried , and suddenly i knew why it sounded so familiar . 
 `` wait ... are you ? 
 no ! 
 angie , do n't open your -- '' but al did n't have time to finish his sentence . 
 just as i set my gaze upon the most amazing face i had ever seen , something extraordinary took place . 
 as soon as our eyes made met , pillars of blue light radiated from my body , dancing and swirling with the orange light that was emitting from the body a few feet in front of me . 
 the piercing pain between my eyes was not enough to cause my gaze to shift from him . 
 it felt as if my entire being was changing , becoming more whole , and combining with the being across from me . 
 in that moment , i was connected to every living thing on the planet . 
 i felt the wind in the trees , and the waves of the oceans . 
 i felt so complete , i was unsure how i had survived before , feeling any differently . 
 this was the way people were meant to live their lives -- in total tranquility and oneness . 
 it was all so clear . 
 the light pulled us closer together , until our faces were only an inch apart . 
 we placed our hands on each other 's cheeks , our eyes now solid currents of light and energy . 
 nothing else mattered . 
 i was exactly where i was supposed to be , with exactly who i was supposed to be with . 
 all the questions in the world were asked and answered in that moment . 
 time stood still , sped up , and ceased to exist . 
 i understood peace , as every emotion joined together to create a new feeling i had never known . 
 in my peripheral vision , i noticed a sparkle within the intertwining beams of light . 
 no -- there were two sparkles , circling us and growing larger . 
 the beams of light supporting the glittering objects seemed to condense into the objects themselves . 
 before i knew it , the lights were gone , and two beautiful gems rested on the floor in the small distance between us . 
 i was amazed by what i had just experienced , and had difficulty forcing my vocal chords to work . 
 it was as though i had expanded to the size of the universe , but was being crammed back into my puny , confining body . 
 `` ahem ! '' 
 al cleared his throat , after the man and i had been standing in silence for a while . 
 `` al , '' i said , finally removing my hand from the man 's cheek , `` this is lakin . '' 
 `` i figured . 
 it 's nice to meet you . 
 i 'm happy for you that you bonded . 
 it 's amazing that we ran into you . 
 but we really do n't have time for this right now . 
 grab your crystals , because we have to go , '' al said frantically , waving us toward the front door of the shop . 
 `` what are you doing here ?! '' 
 lakin asked , as i scooped up the gems from next to our feet . 
 they were beautifully faceted , with iridescent shades of blue and orange glimmering in the light . 
 each had a rigid side , which fit perfectly against the other when held together . 
 i had never seen anything like them . 
 the closest thing i had seen to them was the necklace al had given me for my birthday . 
 in fact , they were nearly the same shape and size . 
 `` i will answer your questions later . 
 we have to leave -- right now , '' al exclaimed , pushing us both toward the door . 
 we fell abruptly into the cold air of the night , causing my lungs to stumble at their first real breath of fresh air . 
 i inhaled deeply as we ran , smiling at lakin next to me . 
 i hoped al knew where he was going . 
 `` lakin , where are we ? '' 
 al asked , leading us into a protective patch of woods . 
 `` we 're in freedom , maine , '' lakin answered , grasping my hand as if he would never let it go . 
 al stopped so suddenly , we almost toppled right over him . 
 `` ... you are serious , '' al said , eyeing lakin suspiciously as he read his thoughts . 
 `` yeah , why ? '' 
 lakin responded , taken aback by al 's change in demeanor . 
 al chuckled , shaking his head in disbelief as he carried on . 
 we ran for what seemed like ages , against the cool , maine air . 
 exhaustion enveloped me , causing the woods around us to seem more mystical and terrifying than they probably were . 
 i jumped at every snap of a twig , expecting a guard with a gun to pop out at any moment . 
 i wondered what was happening inside lakin 's head , he must have had so many questions ; nearly as many as i did . 
 i trusted al to answer them all in time , but i could feel them building up inside me , seeping through my skin . 
 i wondered how long it would be before i turned into a big , gooey puddle of questions . 
 as the sky was turning gray with light through the treetops , the sound of running water found its way to my ears . 
 i did n't know why , but the sound was comforting , spreading a feeling of warmth throughout my body . 
 after crossing over a small road in the trees , the faint glimmer of light against moving water caught my eye . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i asked , wondering if we were near the ocean and al had somehow arranged for a boat to be waiting for us . 
 `` freedom pond , '' al answered plainly . 
 `` why ? 
 there 's nothing there , '' lakin said , confused . 
 al returned to his silence , leading us closer to the water . 
 beauty struck me as we neared the edge of the pond . 
 trees branched out from our sides , lining the shimmering sight with dark green foliage . 
 the water was peaceful and still , and seemed to go on forever . 
 i wondered if the rest of the world was as radiant as this . 
 al led us to a small , wooden bridge , but instead of walking over it , he directed us to the magnificent waterfall underneath . 
 i stared in amazement , as we traveled down the steep bank . 
 al stopped at the very edge of the stream that the water gave birth to , looking back at us with a smile . 
 `` will you tell us where we 're going , now ? '' 
 i pleaded , enjoying the first break we had taken since leaving the facility . 
 al gave us the most mischievous smile , before removing a ring from his finger , which contained a crystal not unlike the one around my neck . 
 the gem shined brilliantly as he held it out in front of him , splashing through the knee-high water toward the waterfall . 
 lakin and i stared in disbelief as the shower of water parted above him , revealing a solid , stone wall . 
 al caressed the wall gently , leaving a trace of white light from his palm against the rock . 
 the light spread out like a spider web , until it formed a doorway to a dark tunnel , which i was less than excited to enter . 
 `` come on , '' al said , waving us through the entrance . 
 `` is there a back door , or something ? 
 maybe one that looks just a little less creepy ? '' 
 i asked cautiously . 
 `` no . 
 now , come on , '' al demanded , waving more aggressively . 
 lakin and i moved carefully , stepping slowly into the cold , clear stream . 
 it did n't seem necessary , but i ducked my head as i traveled under the parted water , into the damp , stone tunnel . 
 lakin and al followed behind me , the stone wall closing to block out all light and sound . 
 al 's face lit dimly at the click of a lighter . 
 he held his hand over the flame , absorbing a ball of flickering light into his palm . 
 having refrained from using his abilities for the majority of his life , lakin watched the phenomenon with the wondrous eyes of a child . 
 in all the excitement of the evening , i had n't noticed the growing blood-stain on al 's shirt , just below his left shoulder . 
 the blotch was dark and shiny against the light from his palm , and a hole sat neatly in the center of it . 
 it had n't occurred to me that william 's bullet may not have missed its target . 
 ` i 'm fine . ' 
 al 's voice echoed in my head , and i left it at that . 
 it was difficult to judge time as we walked through the tunnel , but i was relieved that we no longer had to run . 
 my legs ached , informing me how incredibly out of shape i was . 
 grasping at the stabbing pain in my side took up so much of my attention , i was almost too side-tracked to notice the light at the end of the tunnel . 
 i was definitely too side-tracked to comprehend what i was looking at , once we entered into the light . 
 perhaps it was just too astounding to fathom . 
 we left the simplicity of the tunnel , and entered into the utter impossible . 
 chapter twenty lily of the valley my feet touched down on grass , covered in beams of sunlight . 
 i looked up to what logically should have been a sky , only to find fish instead of clouds . 
 my jaw dropped as i stared at the tides above our heads . 
 waves of light bounced and rippled over my body , filtered by the water , but as bright as if we were floating on the surface instead of deep beneath . 
 i glanced at lakin , only to find the same amount of amazement . 
 as astonishing as this image was , it was greatly overshadowed by the scene sprawling in front of me . 
 acres and acres of land , speckled with houses and gardens . 
 children chased each other and toppled on the lush grass , while adults chattered happily . 
 in addition to this , there was not a hint of despair , nor anger , in any of the faces i gazed upon . 
 every being projected a distinct ambience of tranquility . 
 it was as if they were all stuck in the moment i had shared with lakin earlier . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 the question floated from my lips on a breeze of fascination . 
 `` this is the eden . 
 this is home , '' al replied , inhaling with relief as he moved forward . 
 lakin took my hand , and we followed without reluctance . 
 perhaps the sight was too miraculous to be questioned , but there were no apprehensive intuitions . 
 i felt a sense of safety i could barely fathom . 
 i felt a sense of freedom that could n't possibly exist . 
 eyes followed us without suspicion , but with welcome . 
 a small girl with coppery hair giggled , handing me a dandelion before skipping back to her friends . 
 people smiled and nodded at al as we walked , gestures he happily returned . 
 the only explanation i could think of was that somewhere along our travels through the dark tunnel , we had all died and gone to heaven . 
 apparently , it was a conclusion i jumped to quite often . 
 lakin and i continued to stare in stupefaction , while al knocked on the door of one of the quaint , stone cottages along the path that had been worn into the ground from numerous years of treading . 
 an angelic woman answered , nearly knocking him over with an ebullient hug . 
 i could n't help but smile at the charming scene of two lovers reunited . 
 the woman 's long , wavy hair bounced as she smothered al in kisses . 
 well , i certainly hoped they were in love , and not siblings . 
 otherwise , their intimacy would have been really weird ... `` angela , '' the woman said in a sweet voice , keeping one arm around al 's shoulder as she reached to me with the other , `` i am lily . 
 it is wonderful to finally have you here . '' 
 `` er , thanks ... it 's wonderful to be here ? '' 
 i said , shaking lily 's hand . 
 `` forgive me , you must be quite taken aback by all of this . 
 i 'm sure you have so many questions , '' lily said , her deep , green eyes sparkling with her kindness as she smile . 
 she reminded me of emmy . 
 `` only a little , '' i admitted , sighing with relief . 
 `` and you must be lakin , '' lily cooed , extending the same kind handshake to him . 
 `` we were n't expecting to have two of you so soon , but i 'm glad that we do . '' 
 lakin smiled as he shook lily 's hand , but could not seem to find words . 
 i did n't blame him . 
 we were in the middle of something that was entirely contrary to all reason . 
 it seemed preposterous to believe that we had not drowned yet . 
 `` do n't worry , you wo n't drown here , '' lily said with a grin , though nobody had asked . 
 realization set in . 
 `` you can read minds ? 
 like al ? '' 
 i asked , eyes widening . 
 `` yes . 
 it is the gift of our generation . 
 but we will speak of this in time . 
 please come inside , you are all famished , '' she said , holding back the door for us to enter the whimsical home . 
 lining the walls were plants of all sorts ; curly ferns and colorful flowers . 
 lily ushered us to a small , round table , surrounded by four plain chairs . 
 there was a rugged , back-to-nature vibe emanating from every knick-knack and furnishing . 
 it was very inviting , compared to the sterile atmosphere of the facility . 
 `` we live very simply , here . '' 
 lily smiled , pouring us all cups of tea from a worn kettle . 
 the moment would have been awkward , as we all sipped on our chipped mugs of chamomile , but the silence was comforting . 
 for the first time in my life , i did n't feel as though anyone was observing me . 
 i was surrounded by beings who were no different from myself ; i was not an outcast . 
 `` is now an appropriate time to ask questions ? '' 
 i inquired , glaring at al. . 
 he chuckled , looking to lily . 
 she nodded at him with warm approval . 
 `` fire away , '' al said . 
 i glanced at lakin , wondering what to ask first . 
 he was still in shock , staring into his cup of tea without any sort of acknowledgment to the outside world , but still gripping my hand tightly . 
 `` okay , first off -- how is this even possible ? 
 i mean ... we 're under a lake , right ? '' 
 i questioned , eyeing the seemingly normal scene through the window . 
 `` and what is to stop william 's thugs from busting through that stone tunnel under the waterfall ? '' 
 `` you have experienced only a small fragment of our relationship with the elements . 
 it goes so much deeper than simply manipulating them . 
 it is a kinship . 
 we care for them , and they for us . 
 the water in this pond protects us , as it would anywhere else on this earth , '' lily answered . 
 any other person surely would have thought they had entered into a den full of loonies . 
 however , i had experienced enough to be accepting , though lily 's explanation did seem slightly far-fetched . 
 `` in time , you will understand , '' lily said , addressing the thoughts in my mind . 
 i did n't imagine that i would ever be able to grow accustomed to constantly having people read my thoughts . 
 even with the security system at the facility , i was used to more privacy . 
 `` i apologize . 
 we have nothing to hide here , and we are all accepting of each other 's gifts . 
 with our generation , it has simply become a form of communication . 
 i will refrain from entering your thoughts , until you are more comfortable here . '' 
 lily beamed , without a hint of judgment . 
 i nodded in appreciation . 
 `` what happened earlier ? 
 between us ? '' 
 i asked , gesturing to lakin and myself . 
 i shifted my attention to al , who simply looked to lily . 
 `` you bonded . 
 it is a connection of your souls . 
 usually , this happens much earlier in life for us , '' lily answered . 
 `` why did n't it happen when we were in the energy room ? '' 
 i asked , cocking my head . 
 `` it is a place for the consciences of your generation to connect when you have been separated . 
 there are many here who have never experienced the energy room , and possibly never will . 
 touch and sight may feel real within the room , but they are not . 
 bonding is physical , and so your physical bodies must be present , '' lily answered with ease . 
 `` is everyone here like us ? '' 
 i asked , catching sight through the window of the same little girl who had given me the flower , which i realized i was still grasping in my hand . 
 `` yes . 
 special abilities differ from generation to generation -- your generation has the gift of , what we refer to as , visual empathy . 
 but we all share the same connection with the elements . '' 
 `` are there more of us ? 
 more places like this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` we have safe homes much like this all over the world . 
 some of us travel for missions , but there are not many of us left . '' 
 i sat silently for a moment , sipping my tea as i watched the children play outside . 
 i felt an indiscernible spark inside of me as i witnessed the young girl heal the scraped knee of one of her playmates . 
 in that moment , i felt the inescapable need to know the answer to the question i had been asking my entire life . 
 `` what are we ? '' 
 lily 's face morphed with happiness at the question . 
 al shook his head with amusement at lily 's expression , though his eyes contained nothing but love for her . 
 `` she does n't get to do this very often , '' al whispered to me , as if lily could n't hear him . 
 lily asked for my hands from across the table . 
 she gladly accepted one , as the other hand was still being held captive by a silent lakin . 
 my face lit up in awe at the sight of lily 's eyes becoming the purest beams of white light . 
 she spoke , but her voice changed to that of an ethereal being , unlike anything i had ever heard . 
 `` we are an ancient race , born with and of the earth . 
 we are her guardians , and her children . 
 we lived with all things , in peace , '' lily began in her divine voice . 
 my eyes fogged over . 
 i plummeted into the story she was narrating , but i did n't see it through her eyes ; i attended the journey of time through the eyes of the world . 
 `` in the beginning , all were free to live and die as they needed . '' 
 plants sprouted around me , some crumbling in decay while others thrived , and grew to the size of buildings . 
 creatures without names wandered , some smaller than my human eyes would have been able to see , others colossal enough to crush the enormous plants . 
 intertwining with all things , were what i instantly recognized as my own kind , stripped down to their barest form -- elementums . 
 `` there were many great disasters , as is the way of nature . '' 
 meteors crashed down , causing blinding flashes to ripple across the planet , and torching nearly everything in their path . 
 the sky was blackened , and the air was thick with steam . 
 the elementums emerged from the dense ash , traveling across the face of the earth in waves , spreading life in their wake until the planet was , once again , covered in beautiful existence . 
 `` but none as devastating as the arrival of the destructive ones . '' 
 large , round , metallic objects fell through the sky , foreign against the landscape of nature . 
 they settled against the earth with loud thuds , causing the ground to shake beneath my feet . 
 hidden doors separated themselves from the massive orbs , allowing unusual-looking beings swaddled in shining fabrics to step to the earth . 
 `` they had devoured the resources of their home , and fled to the nearest planet that would support their life : earth . 
 we welcomed them with open arms , offering refuge and safety . '' 
 the elementums migrated toward the beings , but it was clear that the destructive ones viewed them as a threat . 
 `` it is the way of the destructive ones to fear that which they do not understand , and to eradicate that which they fear . 
 as life on their former planet was corrupt with war and greed , they could not understand peace -- they could not understand us . '' 
 i gasped , as the beings chased my kind across the plains , wielding strange weapons , which emitted some sort of purple , electric current . 
 when struck , the elementums tumbled to the ground , before flickering out and ceasing to exist . 
 `` once , we were many . 
 now , we are few . 
 our race was nearly extinguished in the midst of the violence . 
 we were unfamiliar with battle . 
 those who survived , remained hidden in the deepest forests for many ages , observing the destructive ones from a distance , and trying to repair the damage that the strangers so carelessly left in their footsteps . 
 our planet could not support the technology of these invaders , and they were forced to adapt . '' 
 the orbs that had carried the destructive ones decayed over time , leaving nothing behind . 
 the fabrics that had clothed them became torn and useless against the elements . 
 their weapons lost power , falling to the ground to be abandoned and buried . 
 `` many could not adjust to the simplicity . '' 
 their great numbers dwindled across the earth , until only small herds remained , clothed in animal skins and swinging weapons made of sticks and stones . 
 `` most ignored that they were trespassers . 
 eventually , their species grew to believe that they were the true residents of our home . 
 but some ... '' from the eyes of the forest , i watched six of the destructive ones migrate through the trees . 
 `` ... some sought out the legends of the peaceful beings that had once inhabited the earth . 
 they longed for tranquility , and a way of life they felt their kind could never obtain on their own . 
 they found us , requesting forgiveness and help . 
 we were as thankful to them as they were to us , but we knew that six would not be enough . 
 to carry on our generation cycle , we would need fifteen men and fifteen women to step forward . '' 
 the six destructive ones agreed , retreating from the forest . 
 they returned in greater numbers , all staring in bewilderment at the realization that the legends of the peaceful ones had been true . 
 `` it has never been within our power to create ; only can we manipulate that which already exists . '' 
 at first , the elementums chose three men and three women to combine their existence with , and they paired off through bonding . 
 soon , the females ' bellies grew large . 
 on the day of august 17th , six infants were born ; a set of twins to each pair . 
 on that day , twelve more elementums intertwined their existence -- six to adults , and six to the newborns . 
 i watched in amazement , barely able to comprehend the life cycle that the elementums created . 
 five years later , on the same day , six more infants were born . 
 on that day , twelve more elementums intertwined . 
 this continued for ten more years , until the entire race of elementums , which had dwindled to a grand total of fifty-four , lived within the bodies of destructive ones . 
 `` when the world was born , as was our entire race . 
 we had never known our true death , until the arrival of the destructive ones . 
 we simply recycled throughout our own generations . 
 the old released their life to give breath to the young . '' 
 on the day of august 17th , when the first set of six infants were twenty years old , the last adults to be intertwined with elementums gave birth to their children , but there were no elementums left to unite with them . 
 a sense of understanding swept over me , as the first group to combine with the destructive ones were liberated from their aging bodies , only to continue new life within the infants . 
 `` it is not our way to cause chaos or sorrow , but it is often that we are unable to leave the past within the body of those we connect to . '' 
 three of the destructive ones retained all of the memories from their lives . 
 after knowing total peace for so long , they chose to remain with the elementums , though they were left without abilities . 
 however , the other three were left without memories of the last twenty years , and were frightened to suddenly find themselves old . 
 they fled back to the civilization they recalled , but were put to death by those who could not understand their ramblings of the life within the forest . 
 `` we were able to integrate ourselves into the lives of the destructive ones , who populated the world , carrying on our generation cycle to ensure our survival . 
 though we long to honor our promise of offering lives of peace to the destructive ones , as we promised those who originally sought us , we have yet to succeed . 
 we continue to protect the earth as best we can , but the destructive ones have grown to greatly outnumber us . '' 
 i was in awe , observing time speed up around me . 
 the destructive ones built small towns , only to tear them down and build bigger ones . 
 they evolved , as did their technology . 
 having forgotten their true origins , each advance was thought of as a new discovery . 
 they progressed further and further toward the lifestyle that had destroyed their former planet , but were incapable of knowing so . 
 as far as they were concerned , they had evolved from monkeys . 
 finally , the truth i had been missing struck me like the skyscraper i was seeing topple in front of me . 
 `` humans ? 
 the destructive ones are humans ? '' 
 lakin choked on his words , having watched the vision through his contact with me . 
 chapter twenty-one the lost generation i stared into my empty teacup , attempting to absorb all of the information i had just witnessed . 
 i was one of only fifty-four of my kind . 
 even though i had previously thought there were only five others like myself , this number seemed so much more taunting . 
 we were once a thriving race , but had become nearly extinct , with no hope of ever flourishing again . 
 we could not repopulate , only recycle , and we possessed these human bodies like evil spirits . 
 i was uncertain how everyone in this underwater eden was so accepting of this . 
 `` so ... when you said you had no family left ... '' i spoke slowly , raising my head to al. `` my parents were recycled to our newest generation , yes , '' al clarified . 
 `` why do n't i remember ? 
 if i 've been around for ages , why do n't i remember any of it ? '' 
 i questioned . 
 `` even in our original form , at the beginning of time on earth , this was so . 
 few carried the ability to retain knowledge through the transference of life-force . 
 these few were deemed oracle 's , with the purpose of preserving the knowledge of our kind throughout the existence of time . 
 ten survived the arrival of the destructive one 's . 
 it was then arranged that an oracle would be present within each generation , '' lily stated . 
 `` you are an oracle , then ? '' 
 i asked , even though it was pretty obvious . 
 `` yes . 
 al is very lucky to have bonded with me , '' lily chuckled . 
 it took me a bit by surprise to hear a joke from the mouth of an oracle . 
 math was never one of my strengths , but numbers ran through my head , recapping the outline of the generation cycle , which i could still barely understand . 
 `` wait , if there were ten ... '' i said , counting on my fingers as i squinted . 
 `` one generation always has two oracles . 
 yours is that generation . '' 
 lily beamed . 
 `` but none of us knew anything about ourselves , until now , '' lakin commented , finally becoming more animated in the conversation . 
 lily nodded , reaching her hands to both of us . 
 i decided not to go into the vision , thinking my heart could n't handle another experience like the near extinction of our entire race . 
 instead , i listened intently to the ethereal voice projecting itself from lily 's lips . 
 `` the oracles are silenced , '' lily said mysteriously . 
 `` silenced by wha -- '' i began , but al raised a finger to cut me off as he watched lily 's thoughts . 
 `` the oracles are silenced by the technology of the destructive ones , '' lily said , the white lights in her eyes giving her entire face an eerie glow . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 lakin asked , furrowing his eyebrows . 
 `` it means you and nadia are the oracles , '' al stated , staring me straight in the face . 
 `` but why are we silenced ? '' 
 i probed , releasing my hand from lily 's . 
 `` nadia is hooked up to machines , which they think are keeping her alive through her coma . 
 it 's interfering with her elementum connection , '' al clarified . 
 `` but i 'm not in a coma . 
 and it ca n't be from my electro-cuffs , because i did n't start wearing them until i was older . 
 so what is interfering with my elementum connection ? '' 
 i questioned . 
 al was silent for a moment , his arctic eyes glimmering with thought . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he answered honestly , sighing with frustration . 
 i looked to lily , who seemed to be all-knowing . 
 she answered my questioning gaze only with a shrug . 
 `` in time , we will understand , '' lily said considerately . 
 `` this will always be true . '' 
 i nodded in false acceptance , still desperately wanting to know why i was broken . 
 i decided to distract myself with other questions . 
 `` how could you tell that nadia and angie are the oracles ? '' 
 lakin asked , accepting another cup of tea . 
 `` we are all connected . 
 as oracles , we are not separated from our own kind by the space of this world , '' lily stated . 
 my ears perked . 
 we were not separated from our own kind by space ... lakin and i looked at each other , eyes full of hope , but the expression on lily 's face was full of regret . 
 she did not have to read our minds to see what we were thinking . 
 `` we have never given up on trying to find your parents , but ... we have never been successful , '' lily said solemnly . 
 `` you do n't have any idea what happened to them ? 
 when they disappeared ? 
 why we were all scattered ? 
 why ... why i ended up in the facility ? '' 
 tears built in my eyes while the questions rolled out . 
 i felt vulnerable to the potential answers , as if they held the power to tear me apart at the seams . 
 `` i think you had better take this one , '' lily said to al. . 
 he nodded , then turned in his chair to face me more directly . 
 `` angie , '' he paused , looking for the words , `` you were in the facility since you were a baby , right ? 
 think about the time and effort that goes into building a place like that . 
 it would take ages . '' 
 my forehead wrinkled with confusion . 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 `` i 'm saying that the facility was built long before you were born -- before your parents were born , even , '' al explained . 
 `` but if the humans forgot about us ... '' i began . 
 `` most did , but a few remembered . 
 they passed that knowledge down through their own generations . 
 few remember , but those few are very dangerous . 
 for them , it 's not about wiping the rest of us out . 
 it 's about using our abilities for their own gain , for war and greed , '' he said . 
 `` there were elementums in the facility before ? '' 
 i inquired . 
 `` one generation . 
 your parents ' generation , '' he answered gravely . 
 lakin used his free hand to brush a warm tear from my cheek . 
 `` how did they capture them ? '' 
 i whispered , trying very hard to hold back the river behind my eyes . 
 `` they did n't . 
 you need to know that your parents ' generation was ... is ... extraordinary . 
 they did so much for the earth , and they never lost faith that they could help bring peace to this planet and everyone on it . 
 what seemed like a wonderful opportunity for our purpose presented itself to them . 
 what they did was very brave , '' al said , taking my hand comfortingly . 
 `` they were on a mission in maine to clear up an oil spill ... they were approached by a man , who claimed he wanted to understand them so he could help the rest of the world understand , and bring peace . '' 
 lakin 's grasp on my other hand tightened . 
 `` the man claimed that if he could provide the world with facts about what we are , and how we do what we do , they would n't fear us . 
 he said they 'd accept us and welcome our help . 
 your parents ' generation agreed to live with the man and his scientific team in a building he had designed specifically for our kind . 
 they would allow him to observe their ways and abilities , and to perform the tests needed to make progress with their cause . '' 
 it was no use trying to hold back the tears any longer . 
 `` they asked your parents to wear monitoring bracelets , to detect vital changes in their bodies . 
 by the time they realized that they were being held captive , they were all wearing those electro-cuffs , '' he said . 
 `` but -- '' `` you were told they developed the electro-cuffs after you tried to escape , i know . 
 that was a lie . 
 the technology of the electro-cuffs had been around for quite a while , by then . 
 they waited to put them on you , because they thought simply raising you with false beliefs would be enough to control you , '' he explained . 
 i graciously accepted a handkerchief from lily , attempting to mop up the tears . 
 `` it 's still unclear exactly what happened , this is all information i gained while i was under cover as your therapist , but your parents somehow arranged an escape . 
 however , by then , your generation was already born , '' he continued . 
 lakin and i gasped in unison , eyes wide . 
 `` you mean -- '' `` your entire generation was born inside the facility . 
 we know that all of your parents escaped , but we do n't know how . 
 we do n't know why your parents ' generation was lost , but yours was not . 
 we do n't know how you were captured , while bryant was n't , '' al said , shaking his head with frustration as he leaned back in his chair . 
 breath caught in my chest . 
 it felt as though my lungs were being wrapped in barbed wire , as i remembered the generation cycle -- a set of twins to each pair . 
 that was why al gave some of us the same surnames when he was giving william false information about the others . 
 `` bryant is my brother , '' i whispered in shock . 
 al 's cheeks turned red with embarrassment . 
 `` you did n't tell them about that ? '' 
 lily questioned him accusingly . 
 `` it may have slipped my mind , '' al replied nervously . 
 `` here , '' lily said , retrieving a piece of paper and a pencil from a desk near the table , `` draw the diagram for them . '' 
 he nodded , taking the paper and pencil . 
 lakin and i watched with interest , as al drew a circle with three lines through it , creating six points . 
 at each point , starting with the top , he wrote a letter ; r. o. y. g. b. i. `` the letter stands for the color of the chair . 
 the person who sits in the chair across from you is your bond . 
 brothers are to the left of their sisters , '' al said , handing me the drawing . 
 sure enough , while in the energy room , bryant sat in the indigo chair to my left , and lakin sat in the orange chair across from me . 
 i handed the paper to the boy who was nearly crushing my hand . 
 `` lyla is my ... my sister ? 
 well ... that 'll make for interesting family reunions , '' lakin joked , bringing a smile to my face . 
 i missed the others . 
 `` so what does all of this mean for our parents ? 
 are they dead ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i was raised to believe my parents had abandoned me . 
 though it would have stung horribly to know that they were dead , it somehow would n't feel as harsh as abandonment . 
 at least they would have been forced to leave me , instead of choosing to . 
 `` when our race was being massacred , we all felt each stab of death from those who were killed . 
 if your parents had died , we all would have felt it happen . 
 we are certain that they are still alive , '' lily said quietly . 
 `` then why do n't you know where they are ? 
 you said space ca n't -- '' i began . 
 `` of this world . 
 the space of this world . 
 after all of these years , we have concluded that we are separated by more than just the space of this planet , '' she replied . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` it is as if ... it is as if they vanished from the earth , '' lily said with finality , her kind eyes swimming with all the knowledge of the universe . 
 ☼ the elementum trilogy the energy room the violet awakening the astral descent about the author an overactive imagination and open-minded upbringing made for the perfect combination to create the author styna lane would eventually become . 
 raised to believe originality and creativity were the keys to happiness , she was instilled with the knowledge that most of life 's boundaries are far more fictional than the fantasy books in which she secluded herself . 
 having lived in six different states by the time she was nineteen , styna is no stranger to the road . 
 after spending the majority of her life chasing her dreams wherever they led her , she was diagnosed with fibromyalgia in 2010 , which confined her to her bed much of the time . 
 following a small bout of self-loathing , styna decided she would not let these new boundaries have control over her . 
 she began to utilize her most prevalent childhood trait ; her overactive imagination . 
 styna quickly found that writing the adventures she created in her mind provided her with a total escape from her physical confines . 
 it may not be a coincidence that her debut novel , the energy room , focuses on a girl who has tremendous powers , but is trapped in a place where she believes she has no control . 
 styna hopes to bring awareness to invisible illnesses , as well as inspire those who may have thought they 'd gone on their last adventure . 
 www.stynalane.com special thanks first off , i need to thank my mom for always supporting my life goals . 
 even when they are whimsical , absurd , or downright crazy , she never stops believing in me . 
 she taught me how to never stop believing in myself . 
 i have to thank my grandparents for being some of the most wonderful people on the planet . 
 even through pink hair , tattoos , and unemployment , they never gave up on me . 
 i am so incredibly grateful to have them in my life . 
 i want to thank my amazing friends and family , as well as my lovely marshall , for being a bottomless pit of encouragement . 
 you make my guts feel all mushy and gross , and i love each and every one of you . 
 i need to thank my dad for being an inspiration to continue reaching for my dreams . 
 i love you , and miss you , and i 'm sure you 're raisin ' hell in heaven ! 
 i also want to give a shout-out to all of my fellow spoonies out there . 
 never lose hope ! 
