 dark siren eden ashley dark siren is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , places , and incidents either are the product of the author 's imagination or are used factiously . 
 any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , events , or locales is entirely coincidental . 
 copyright © 2013 by eden ashley all rights reserved . 
 no part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews . 
 summary : when the mysterious and passionate rhane rescues kali from an attacker in the theater parking lot , they form an immediate , smoldering connection . 
 but kali does n't remember rhane or anything from their past . 
 as far as kali knows , she 's just a seventeen-year-old kid coping with an insatiable hunger for the `` spark '' or energy of others , feeding on classmates to survive ... http://edenbynite.blogspot.com dedicated to pixie you were mean . 
 you were patient . 
 you were overly critical . 
 you made me spend an entire year rewriting this book . 
 in short , you were everything this story needed . 
 love you to the moon ! 
 prologue the sound of her screams reached him as he neared the dorm . 
 pausing at the threshold , the man stepped inside . 
 death and the wind were at his back . 
 dozens of hollow-eyed students turned to observe his presence . 
 fear had twisted their youthful faces into horrific masks . 
 a few of them wept . 
 others clung together as another scream echoed into the night . 
 the man flinched . 
 then he steeled himself against all emotion . 
 his kind was supposed to feel nothing . 
 he made his way through the crowd , students eagerly shuffling aside to let him pass . 
 it was as if somehow they sensed in him the power to end her suffering . 
 when a young man dressed only in boxers and a lettered shirt stepped forward from a cluster of solemn dorm mates , the man stopped . 
 he recognized the boy . 
 `` you are william . 
 you are the one who called . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' the young man said while nodding . 
 his eyes were wide and frightened as he pointed ahead to a closed door painted prison grey . 
 `` she 's in there , sir . '' 
 the man looked at the door , and then back at the boy . 
 `` is she alone ? '' 
 william 's shoulders slumped with embarrassment . 
 `` i tried to stay with her but ... '' his voice trailed , dropping to a hoarse whisper . 
 `` she looks bad , sir . 
 she would n't stop screaming for me to get out . 
 i got scared . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` it 's alright , son . 
 you have done well . '' 
 the man laid a hand on the boy 's shoulder with an encouraging smile that reflected none of the sadness he felt . 
 `` she 's going to be okay . '' 
 but her cries were becoming more tormented by the second . 
 he quickly continued down the hall to the grey door . 
 behind it , he found her all alone . 
 her thin , pale body was curled on a beaten sofa in the center of the room . 
 she was drenched in sweat . 
 dark hair plastered against her face , framing a beautiful canvas contorted with anguish . 
 he placed a hand gently on her forehead . 
 her eyes fluttered open . 
 `` daddy ? '' 
 `` i 'm here , sweetheart . 
 everything is fine now . '' 
 sobbing in relief even as another surge of agony ransacked her strength , she gritted her teeth . 
 `` it hurts . '' 
 squeezing her hand , he spoke in a voice thick with regret . 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 letting you come here was a mistake . 
 i 've waited too long . '' 
 she was lost in the pain and did n't seem to hear him . 
 `` i see horrible things . 
 i did horrible things . 
 there was so much blood . '' 
 it hurt him terribly to see her in such distress . 
 no matter what the others said , this girl had truly been his daughter . 
 but right now , his love for her could not matter . 
 he had a job to do . 
 there were things he needed to know . 
 there were questions he had to ask . 
 `` what do you see ? '' 
 `` bodies , hundreds of bodies littering the ground ... '' the words broke off as she rolled with another wave of misery . 
 `` they 're burned ... old and young , women and children . '' 
 she sobbed again . 
 `` i think i burned them . '' 
 `` i 'm going to give you something to stop the pain . 
 it will help you sleep . '' 
 `` please hurry , daddy . 
 make it stop . '' 
 her body shuddered . 
 `` i ca n't take any more of this . '' 
 she lifted her head , giving him a good look at her face . 
 surging veins had crept like black spiders from the corners of her eyes , transforming the surrounding skin into dark pools . 
 she was deteriorating rapidly . 
 if the process was n't slowed , the human form would soon be lost . 
 he kicked himself for making such a foolish mistake , for letting emotion get in the way of duty . 
 it could have jeopardized everything . 
 he hurried into the kitchen and returned a few minutes later carrying a red mug filled with steaming liquid . 
 `` can you sit up ? '' 
 she nodded and struggled upright . 
 she took the mug . 
 `` drink all of it , '' he said and helped steady her hands . 
 the liquid smelled awful . 
 but after the first sip , her violent trembles began to subside . 
 she downed the rest without hesitation , draining the mug until the last drop was gone . 
 the grey tint that had taken over receded as the color of her skin returned to normal . 
 the girl peered at her hands . 
 they no longer shook . 
 an uncertain smile spread across her face . 
 `` it 's over . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 we must start over , '' he said sadly . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 he stood from the couch and held out a hand . 
 `` come with me . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she yawned sleepily . 
 everything about her was like a normal teenager again . 
 `` dad , i ca n't . 
 i have finals tomorrow . '' 
 `` come with me , '' he repeated . 
 she took his hand and let the empty mug fall to the couch . 
 he led her out into the hall where everyone waited anxiously , some visibly grateful to see the young woman leave . 
 averting her gaze to the floor , she avoided their eyes . 
 `` everyone 's staring , '' she muttered . 
 `` they were worried about you . '' 
 he reached back and drew the girl forward to his side , planting a kiss atop her hair . 
 as they reached the front door , he saw her try to stifle another yawn . 
 even the crisp night air could n't shake the veil of drowsiness that would lower over her mind . 
 `` dad , i 'm really tired . '' 
 `` you can sleep on the way . '' 
 he smiled again . 
 to him , the reassurance felt forced and painful because on the inside , his heart was breaking . 
 he hoped his daughter would n't know it . 
 wrapping her arms about him , she hugged him tightly and buried her head into his shirt like she had when she was little . 
 on this night , he could n't hug her back . 
 afraid that if he did , he would n't be able to let go . 
 what he had to do was cruel . 
 he wished he did n't have to . 
 to have so much power and still be powerless was a wretched existence . 
 # it was daylight when she awoke . 
 the car was n't moving and the girl was alone inside . 
 she recognized nothing of the surroundings , had no idea how far her father had driven . 
 it was n't unusual for him to whisk her away on a spur-of-the-moment weekend getaway to the beach . 
 her father 's spontaneity was one of the things she loved most about him . 
 but this was n't the beach . 
 and the girl was positive she 'd mentioned to him that she had a final to take -- she glanced at her watch -- in three hours . 
 sighing , she opened the door and slid out of the car . 
 the sound of a child 's laughter came drifting through the trees . 
 joined with it was another voice she easily recognized . 
 with growing curiosity , she started up the hill . 
 her feet sank into the moist carpet of undergrowth as she walked beneath trees of brightly changing foliage . 
 fallen heralds of orange , red , and yellow hues blanketed the ground . 
 not far away , on the other side of a patch of dense forest , the girl found her father . 
 oddly enough , he was entertaining a small child . 
 the two of them sat in an amply filled sand box , busily constructing a castle with the aid of a small bucket and plastic shovel . 
 the little girl 's hair was like her own , as black and shiny as a raven 's feathers . 
 she was four years old at most . 
 looking up , her father saw her . 
 no emotion crossed his face . 
 `` hello . '' 
 she stopped a few yards short . 
 `` hi . '' 
 after the mostly uphill hike , her reply was somewhat breathless . 
 `` hi , '' the child greeted her happily . 
 deep brown eyes and a winning smile made her truly a rare beauty , even at such a young age . 
 the young woman turned to her father , her entire face a question . 
 she waited for some sort of explanation . 
 his golden hair ruffled in the breeze as he nodded toward the child . 
 `` i found her for you . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 where are we ? '' 
 `` please come and sit , '' he said quietly . 
 hesitant at first , her feet did n't move until the little girl echoed the man 's words , `` please come and sit with us . '' 
 she accepted the invitation and sat in the sandbox . 
 her legs automatically folded to mirror the child . 
 `` did you dream last night ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` good . 
 i 'd hoped the tea would help . '' 
 he took her hand . 
 his grasp was both tender and desperate . 
 `` i promise you , this will be the last time . '' 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 although she trusted her father with her very life , his behavior worried her . 
 as they conversed , the little girl had never paused at play . 
 `` and this is the tower for the princess , '' she announced proudly , while molding a lopsided chunk of sand . 
 her father gazed down at the child fondly . 
 `` why does the princess need a tower ? 
 should n't princesses be allowed to be free ? '' 
 the child paused thoughtfully . 
 then she shook her head , sending a mass of radiant curls bouncing in the morning sun . 
 `` no . 
 the prince ca n't find her unless she 's in a tower . '' 
 he smiled and turned to his daughter again . 
 `` yes ... it is time for the prince to find her . '' 
 he took the child 's hand and pressed it into his daughter 's . 
 the young woman stared in bewilderment as a warm glow filled her inside and out . 
 then , as if someone had flicked a switch , everything went dark . 
 she slumped forward . 
 the man caught her lifeless body , easing it down gently onto the sand . 
 then he leaned over and kissed the child 's forehead softly . 
 `` i will always be close . '' 
 not moving , the child sat wide-eyed , staring blankly at nothing . 
 hoisting the body of the young woman into his arms , he quietly strode away with tears streaming down his face . 
 the trees hid him from view as the little girl blinked twice and resumed building the tower in the sandbox . 
 chapter 1 thirteen years later ... in the small town of ridge creek , south carolina , a typical fall day often boasted temperatures reaching the upper sixties . 
 with cloudless skies , endless sunshine brought those numbers even higher . 
 today was different . 
 a cold front had blown in from the north . 
 there were a few townspeople that resented it , but most welcomed the change . 
 at least for high school girls , it made for a rare opportunity to show off their stylish overcoats and knee-high boots . 
 seventeen-year-old kalista was less concerned about fashion and more worried about not killing the boy who currently had his tongue stuck in her ear . 
 the trendy jacket she had worn to school that morning lay in the grass , tossed aside only moments before . 
 but kali was oblivious to the chill . 
 if anything , the icy air made a nice contrast to trevor walker 's warm embrace . 
 each time his fingertips grazed her bare skin , she shivered . 
 if trevor got his way , a lot more of her clothing would join the jacket in the dirt . 
 he nuzzled kali 's neck , pulling her closer . 
 her body gave in to him willingly , while her mind channeled all its energy into rigid concentration . 
 that concentration slipped a fraction when trevor lifted her onto his lap . 
 `` you have good upper body strength . '' 
 she took a second to acknowledge . 
 he mumbled something unintelligible . 
 `` what ? '' 
 trevor paused mid-kiss . 
 `` i said you have a great body . '' 
 `` thanks , '' she replied with little enthusiasm . 
 it was n't the most original compliment . 
 kali had remained flat and straight until her second year of high school . 
 but in the summer that followed , she had eaten an hourglass . 
 ample curves appeared out of nowhere to fill out kali 's athletic figure , exponentially complementing her already olive-skinned , dark beauty . 
 a well-above average height lent her the illusion of maturity , and people constantly mistook kali for a college student . 
 more than one old geezer had tried picking her up . 
 teenage girls envied her , but most of the time kali felt like a freak . 
 her secret urges only added to that feeling . 
 as a sophomore , the hunger got worse . 
 kali 's feedings gradually increased in frequency and intensity . 
 but the population of teenage boys available for mealtime remained the same . 
 so the newfound sex appeal had benefits . 
 it made boys want her . 
 she needed them . 
 everyone was happy . 
 well ... everyone except for callan . 
 one of trevor 's hands moved higher beneath her shirt and edged toward the band of kali 's bra . 
 his gaze was questioning , as if to ask , is that alright ? 
 kali smiled . 
 `` that 's just what i needed . '' 
 closing her eyes as he leaned in to kiss her again , she thought of trevor . 
 she pictured the person that he was and what he must look like on the inside . 
 she found the spark that made him , that was him , and concentrated until it became bigger and brighter . 
 then she called to it softly , drinking at its edges . 
 the feeling that had plagued kali for days began to subside as her hunger slowly dulled . 
 his spark remained bright . 
 he was strong . 
 trevor pulled away with an expression that was a little confused . 
 `` kali ? '' 
 he sounded dazed . 
 she looked at him through lowered lashes , bringing her lips to his in a heated kiss . 
 then her mouth left his lips and trailed down to his neck . 
 she slid his collar aside and kissed his shoulder , nibbled at it slightly . 
 that did the trick . 
 trevor was suitably distracted . 
 and kali dared to drink deeper . 
 as she was beginning to feel satisfied , kali was interrupted by the high pitched screaming of trevor 's girlfriend , stacy . 
 `` trevor ?! 
 ohmigod ! 
 trevor ! '' 
 all it took was a second . 
 kali lost focus , and the flow that was being carefully drawn away , spiked . 
 his spark dimmed alarmingly . 
 she broke away , but not fast enough . 
 trevor slumped over to the ground and did n't move . 
 `` crapola , '' kali muttered . 
 she threw a resentful glare at the brunette . 
 stacy was screaming again . 
 `` ohmigod , you tramp ! 
 you total slut ! 
 what did you do ? '' 
 hurriedly , kali bent down alongside him . 
 he was still breathing . 
 `` get away ! '' 
 stacy yelled . 
 `` get away from my boyfriend . '' 
 she rushed over and shoved kali backward . 
 it was a struggle , but kali remained calm and kept her voice level . 
 `` he 's okay . 
 he 'll be fine . 
 give him a sec . '' 
 with perfect timing , trevor sat up , rubbing his head . 
 his face was blank . 
 then it turned brilliant red as he took in the two young ladies facing off . 
 `` hi , stacy . '' 
 `` hi ? '' 
 the girl repeated . 
 `` is that what you have to say to me ? '' 
 helping him up from the ground , she steadied him before shoving angrily at his chest . 
 `` why her ? 
 anyone but her , you pig . '' 
 on that note , kali walked away while the two of them were busy arguing . 
 she overheard trevor begin an explanation ripped straight out of a cheater 's handbook of lame excuses . 
 `` it 's not what it looked like . '' 
 `` then tell me what it was -- because it looked like you were making out with kalista metts under the bleachers ! '' 
 swinging her long legs over the fence , kali landed easily on the other side . 
 a purple messenger bag sat leaning against the chain links exactly where she had left it . 
 she grabbed it and jogged across the field , taking the rear entrance to the gym in a hurry . 
 the clock over the basketball court displayed a time that meant the period would be ending soon . 
 kali was grateful for it . 
 once stacy finished with her two-timing boyfriend , the girl would certainly seek out the evil seductress who had lured trevor astray . 
 but the bell sounded and kali was saved . 
 she quietly slipped out of the gym just as the happy couple reentered . 
 in less than an hour , the backlash hit . 
 it was lunchtime . 
 as usual , kali sat alone at one of the blue , circular tables until her boyfriend , callan , joined her . 
 he was one of the tallest boys in the school and a star athlete , great at anything that involved hitting or carrying a ball . 
 with perfect blond hair and flawless skin , callan was also one of the best looking guys around . 
 needless to say , he was very popular . 
 he and kali shared a volatile , on-again , off-again relationship . 
 when he pushed her buttons , she retaliated by taking a steel bat to his . 
 but for some reason the guy had stuck . 
 kali figured him to be some kind of glutton for punishment . 
 cal walked over to their table . 
 his gorgeous blue eyes were stormy . 
 kali focused on her lunch as he neared . 
 he took the seat beside her , slamming his lunch tray down before he sat . 
 kali did n't flinch or look up . 
 if he wanted her attention , acting like a neanderthal was n't going to win it . 
 `` i just heard the craziest thing ... '' he trailed off , no doubt noticing the painstaking detail with which she was eating a stale slice of cheese pizza . 
 `` babe , will you look at me ? '' 
 when kali did , he continued , `` stacy broke up with trevor . '' 
 she took another bite of lukewarm pizza . 
 `` how is that news ? '' 
 `` those two have been going out since grade school . 
 she 's crazy about him . '' 
 `` oh . 
 maybe it was time for a change then , '' she said flippantly . 
 cal worked his jaw . 
 he was pretty sexy when he was angry . 
 `` the word is that trevor was caught red-handed , spit-swapping with another girl beneath the bleachers . 
 a girl who looked a lot like you . 
 can you explain that to me ? '' 
 kali was n't a slut . 
 and she did n't necessarily enjoy stepping out on her boyfriend . 
 but she could n't draw energy from cal again . 
 she could n't revisit that darkness ... so realistically , it was either kiss other boys or experience the agonizing pain of starvation that came with not feeding . 
 but kali could n't possibly tell him that . 
 she shrugged , feigning indifference . 
 `` what 's there to explain ? '' 
 cal pounded his fist on the table , causing several students nearby to jump . 
 his temper was nothing to kid around with . 
 once he had slammed a teammate 's face into a locker because the guy made the mistake of making a joke about cal 's family life . 
 nearly two years ago , at the age of sixteen , cal emancipated himself from an abusive home . 
 the same tenacity that ensured his survival often collided with kali 's bull-headedness . 
 `` tell me why my girlfriend is letting some other guy feel her up again . '' 
 she hesitated , her eyes studying cal . 
 he was leaving soon anyway . 
 rip the bandage off . 
 kali took a deep breath . 
 `` maybe you should go find your girlfriend and ask her . '' 
 he did n't even blink . 
 `` maybe you should grow up and decide what you want . '' 
 the remark instantly pissed her off . 
 kali hated it when cal talked down to her like she was child . 
 he knew that but did it constantly anyway . 
 stabbing her fork into the pizza , kali narrowed her eyes . 
 `` i do n't know what i want . 
 but i do know what i do n't want -- you or this crap right now . '' 
 `` you do n't mean that . '' 
 kali stood up , banging her chair back . 
 the whole cafeteria went silent . 
 with a dark glare , she turned away from cal and started to leave the room . 
 he caught her arm . 
 the cold look in his eye stopped her from jerking away . 
 pulling kali outside , cal closed the door behind them . 
 then he put his face directly into hers . 
 `` i 'll get over this . 
 you know it . 
 but this slutty trash you keep slinging around school is n't making you any friends . '' 
 cal was right on so many levels . 
 and it was selfish to keep him around , to keep hurting him just for the sake of feeling like a normal girl who had a normal boyfriend . 
 end it now . 
 she moved her face even closer to his , showing no sign of backing down . 
 `` you 're going to college in a few months . 
 this will mean nothing to you when a twenty-one year old sorority barbie is sitting on your knee helping you chug a beer . '' 
 `` is that what this is about ? 
 jeez , kal . 
 just because i 'm going away to school does n't mean it has to be over between us . '' 
 `` callan , we barely make this relationship work as it is . 
 how on earth do you expect us to make it long distance ? 
 we 'll be over next summer , so why wait until then ? 
 it 's not honest . '' 
 `` that 's ridiculous . 
 you cheated on me because you think we 're going to break up five months from now ? '' 
 `` i did n't cheat on you . '' 
 throwing both hands up , his eyes flew wide with bewilderment . 
 `` what would you call it then , a casual exchange of dna ? '' 
 she explained it as simply as she could . 
 `` he had something i needed . '' 
 `` why , kali ? 
 why ca n't i be what you need ? '' 
 she bit back the first reply . 
 something about you is too dark , and feeding from you makes me want to hurt people . 
 the next one was n't good either . 
 your spark ca n't satisfy me , cal . 
 the last time i took from you , i slapped my science teacher and almost got expelled . 
 at a loss for a response , kali said nothing . 
 her silence had always driven him nuts . 
 looking as if he were at his wits end , cal did what he usually did whenever they had a fight . 
 he walked away . 
 chapter 2 kali missed the bus that afternoon . 
 if she had gotten to the stop three seconds earlier or run the last fifty feet a little bit faster , she would not have had to walk home . 
 at least the subdivision she lived in was only a few miles from school . 
 and there was a shortcut ; taking it was almost as fast as riding the bus . 
 wooded trails started in the schoolyard , meandered through ridge community park , and finally dumped right into a cemetery that practically resided in the backyard of kali 's subdivision . 
 good thing it was n't a creepy one . 
 kali looked up . 
 no rain had been forecast , but the clouds had darkened enough to threaten it . 
 she quickened her pace . 
 cutting through hall 's cemetery , she passed wrought iron gates that framed an especially beautiful scene of autumn . 
 dozens of maple and tulip trees lined the graveyard . 
 transformed near death , the foliage had ripened into a pretty assortment of red and golden hues . 
 hundreds of fallen leaves littered the ground . 
 and when a light drizzle began to fall , they became slippery beneath kali 's feet . 
 the gate was less than a hundred yards behind when the shadow darted across her peripheral . 
 she turned her head quickly to the right . 
 nothing was there except trees and old headstones . 
 not one to be spooked easily , kali continued on without changing her steady stride . 
 seconds later , there was more movement ahead . 
 someone or something was in the cemetery , moving incredibly fast . 
 she was sure of it . 
 hearing a noise behind her , kali stopped walking . 
 she looked around but saw nothing . 
 starting forward again , kali froze . 
 an abnormally large wolf blocked the path . 
 clumps of matted , brown fur covered most of its body , but in some spots , patches of bare skin were exposed . 
 it was locked in place , silent , head lowered . 
 its menacing red eyes glared at kali . 
 she was too scared to move . 
 almost afraid to breathe . 
 the animal 's lips peeled back to reveal several rows of darkly colored teeth that oozed with black saliva . 
 seeing those fangs helped shake kali from her trance . 
 backing away slowly at first , she broke into an all-out run . 
 she left the path , darting between mausoleums and stepping on graves , hoping the dead would n't mind her intrusion . 
 kali was running as fast as she could . 
 but the wolf was gaining . 
 she could feel its hot breath on her neck . 
 over the thudding of her heart , came the sound of another pursuer crashing through the surrounding woods . 
 at first , the blur ran parallel to the chase . 
 then it leapt and collided soundly with the maddened wolf . 
 vicious snarls and yelps resonated through the air . 
 kali did n't look back again until she reached the edge of the graveyard . 
 a smaller animal was holding its own against the much larger wolf . 
 choosing not to stick around to be victory dinner for the winner , kali hit her fastest stride and did not slow down . 
 she ran into the subdivision and down her driveway . 
 dashing onto the front porch , she fumbled with the lock . 
 the key always stuck at the most inopportune times . 
 she swore . 
 today had to be one of those times . 
 stumbling into the safety of her house , she slammed the door shut and fell against it . 
 `` calm down , '' she chided herself . 
 `` it was n't a wolf . 
 they were both dogs . 
 stray dogs . 
 some moron let his stupid mutts off their leashes . '' 
 kali took a deep breath and then another . 
 south carolina had n't been a habitat for wild wolves since the 1960s . 
 but if enormous wolves with sinister , red eyes had existed south of the mason-dixie line , kali was pretty certain the animals would n't have been hanging out in graveyards . 
 she probably should 've been more upset about the bizarre encounter , but kali sucked the life out of teenage boys on a weekly basis . 
 her lifestyle was a far cry from ordinary . 
 it would take more than a mangy dog on steroids to scare her . 
 firmly shaking the incident from her shoulders , she grabbed at her bag to readjust the load . 
 what she got was a fistful of air . 
 the book bag was gone , most likely dropped while running . 
 but she was n't going back there anytime soon . 
 fear aside , kali was n't stupid . 
 the woods were going to be off limits for a few days . 
 that would give the wild dog enough time to move on . 
 homework just would n't get done over the weekend . 
 kali shrugged and wandered into the living room . 
 it was a complete wreck . 
 her parents worked demanding full-time jobs , and neither was much of a housekeeper . 
 her sister , rosalyn , was an absolute slob . 
 and kali ... well , kali kind of liked the mess . 
 the layers of their lives piled and scattered about reminded her of being at a dig site , unearthing some lost civilization . 
 when any cleaning took place , it was a barter done for a greater good . 
 and true to form , kali was only cleaning because a cool new horror movie was opening at the theater in town , and she needed wheels . 
 rozzy was older , so her needs took priority on a weekend . 
 the only way for kali to get dibs on the car was to clean house from top to bottom and then beat her sister to the punch in taking credit for it . 
 she usually did n't have to share the car , but rozzy was taking a semester off from college . 
 it was actually the third semester her sister had taken off from school , making everyone wonder if she was ever going back . 
 a bit of a free spirit , rozzy had commitment issues with almost everything . 
 and though she and kali had known each other since they were eleven and eight years old respectively , the two had never been close . 
 after a solid hour at work in the living room , kali was done and moved on to the laundry . 
 of the three loads to be washed , most of the clothing belonged to rozzy . 
 an overwhelming stench radiated from moses ' litter box in the corner . 
 kali cast a disgusted glance to where it sat , dangerously close to spilling over . 
 the old urine clogged her nose and mouth , making her feel as if she literally tasted a cat 's butt . 
 she was n't going to empty the box though . 
 no matter how much she suffered , cleaning up after rozzy 's stray was not on the `` to do '' list . 
 it was not her responsibility . 
 kali did n't even like cats . 
 she grabbed a basket of clean laundry and took a deep breath , savoring the artificial scent of fresh spring flowers . 
 as she headed to the living room to start folding , her foot sank into cold and soggy carpet . 
 reflexively , kali jerked her foot up . 
 the movement was n't quick enough . 
 muttering a few colorful expressions , kali took several hops away from what she thought to be spilled detergent . 
 balanced precariously on one leg , she tossed the basket aside and hunched over to inspect the damage . 
 a dark yellow stain with seeping edges saturated the entire bottom of her sock . 
 her foot was almost to her face when the awful smell hit her . 
 `` rosalyn ! '' 
 she screamed at the top of her lungs to be heard over the rap song playing from upstairs . 
 `` moses pissed in the floor ... again ! '' 
 the music muted and was followed by the sound of footsteps running down the stairs . 
 kali peeled the sock off with two fingers and held it so that when rozzy rounded the corner , she almost put her face in it . 
 her sister turned away and wrinkled her nose . 
 `` yuck . 
 kali , that 's disgusting . '' 
 `` no , '' she said and thrust a finger at the grey tabby in rozzy 's hands . 
 `` that is disgusting . 
 she peed on the floor and i stepped in it . 
 i want to chop my foot off . '' 
 rozzy turned her body protectively , shielding moses from another angry jab of kali 's extended finger . 
 then she patted the cat 's head reassuringly . 
 `` she peed on the floor because her box is practically running over . 
 moses does n't want to step in it any more than you do . 
 do you , girl ? '' 
 rozzy rubbed the cat 's head soothingly . 
 kali gave it a death stare . 
 `` if you knew her box was flooded with cat turds , then why did n't you clean it ?! '' 
 `` kali , really , it 's not that big of a deal . 
 you 're already doing the laundry . 
 toss that sock in and i 'll get the litter box cleaned up . '' 
 feeling her temper flare , kali took a deep , calming breath . 
 then she flung the sock at her sister . 
 `` how about you throw it away for me ? 
 i 'm going to go wash my foot with bleach . '' 
 she turned and marched up the stairs , stopping at the top of the landing . 
 `` do n't forget the carpet or i 'm telling lisa ! '' 
 kali changed her mind about the bleach , but took a hot shower . 
 she winced as she held her foot beneath scalding water , not satisfied until the appendage was a steaming prune . 
 her mind wandered to cal , but she yanked it away . 
 five hours post breakup was no time to get weak . 
 she would go to the movies alone , as planned . 
 out of the shower , she decided to go ahead and get changed for later . 
 as she dressed , someone knocked softly at the room door . 
 rozzy poked her head through without waiting for a reply . 
 her face was contrite . 
 it was about as close to an actual apology that rozzy would ever get . 
 not that it mattered . 
 moses would continue in her evil little schemes until the cat 's miserable little life came to a tragic end . 
 `` i finished downstairs , but i 'll have to wait until tonight when mom and dad come home to get litter . 
 moses is all out . '' 
 not thinking anything her sister had said required a response , kali said nothing . 
 but the door did n't close . 
 and rozzy continued to hover . 
 `` did something happen earlier ? 
 your reaction downstairs was a little over the top -- especially for you . '' 
 kali glanced up from choosing a suitable nail polish and shrugged . 
 `` i got chased by a couple of stupid dogs . '' 
 `` that 's random . 
 were you hanging out in the cemetery again ? '' 
 `` i was n't hanging out . 
 i was taking a shortcut . '' 
 she settled on midnight ride . 
 nothing was simply called black anymore . 
 `` whatever . '' 
 rozzy waved her hand in the air like she was anxious to change the subject . 
 a few moments passed when she did n't say anything . 
 then she snapped her fingers loudly as if suddenly remembering something . 
 her demeanor abruptly brightened . 
 `` i think it 's about time i baked another disaster cake . '' 
 rozzy walked over and flopped onto the bed , grinning perkily . 
 `` come on , it 's your favorite . 
 do n't you want to taste the warm , gooey caramel and fudge blended deliciously together in a sweet mixture that melts in your mouth ? '' 
 licking her lips , she moaned . 
 `` it 's as good as sex . 
 do n't you want some ? '' 
 kali bit her tongue , trying to remain uninterested . 
 rozzy 's charm probably stemmed from an ulterior motive . 
 but kali would n't find out the motive until later . 
 `` will i have to clean up the kitchen afterwards ? '' 
 she asked dryly . 
 rozzy raised her hand and solemnly swore , `` i will clean the dishes afterward , scout 's honor . '' 
 a smile tugged at kali 's lips . 
 `` one : you were never a girl scout . 
 and two : that is your left hand . '' 
 rozzy giggled and slid off the bed . 
 `` okay then , i 'll give you my word . '' 
 she practically skipped out of the room . 
 kali stood up and went to the mirror . 
 brushing her hair back into her signature low ponytail , she put on mascara and lip gloss . 
 then she stopped . 
 pressing her hand against the cold glass in what was her custom , she whispered , `` who are you ? '' 
 the mirror was silent . 
 in the last nine years , she had never gotten an answer . 
 pulling a soft grey , wrap-around sweater over a tank top , she smoothed her hair one more time before trotting downstairs . 
 rozzy was leaning over the countertop eating a bowl of cereal . 
 she lifted her head when the third step creaked . 
 `` i heard them pull in a while ago . 
 they 're outside feeling each other up or something . '' 
 making a face , kali went to the window . 
 `` yeah , they are . '' 
 the metts were both in their early fifties . 
 in a way , kali thought it was cute how much they were still attracted to each other . 
 rozzy had been conceived early on with no trouble , so it came as a shock to them when their ob announced that lisa would not be able to have more children . 
 defiant or hopeful , the two kept trying . 
 when dark-haired little kali had shown up in need of help , they 'd chosen to adopt . 
 or so the story went . 
 kali left the window . 
 `` that 's going to spoil your dinner , '' she said , looking at rozzy . 
 her sister replied with an indifferent shrug . 
 kali noticed that rozzy had also changed . 
 she wore a pair of these-make-my-butt-look-great jeans and a blue sweater that perfectly complemented her mocha complexion . 
 the attire was a bit overdressed for dinner with the ` rents . 
 greg and lisa pushed through the front door . 
 `` hey , girls , '' they called in unison . 
 `` hi , mom . 
 hi , dad . '' 
 `` hey , greg . 
 hey , lisa . '' 
 `` the house looks great , '' greg immediately acknowledged , and set his briefcase by the door . 
 lisa set her laptop on the counter . 
 they were an attractive couple , but lisa was the true star in the looks department . 
 dark hair full of thick curls had barely begun to grey . 
 through diet and regular exercise , she had managed to keep her figure in the svelte shape of a woman twenty years her junior . 
 rozzy got her looks mostly from her mother , but she religiously straightened her naturally curly locks each morning with a flat iron . 
 `` thanks , '' kali quickly said to establish credit . 
 `` i got home a little earlier so i could have everything nice and tidy before you guys got here . 
 i know how hard you work for all this stuff . '' 
 `` that was very sweet of you , dear . '' 
 lisa walked over and planted a kiss on each of kali 's cheeks . 
 `` now if only we could get you to bring home straight a 's instead of b 's , '' greg chimed in . 
 `` b 's wo n't get you into law school . '' 
 `` i 'm not going to law school . '' 
 greg sighed . 
 `` i imagine the standards to be a professor in archaeology are somewhat rigid too . 
 you need a phd to dig in the dirt . '' 
 remembering she needed to ask them for the car , kali held her tongue and nodded . 
 greg opened his mouth to say more , but lisa came to the rescue ... sort of . 
 she patted her husband 's face . 
 `` kali has another year before she has to decide . 
 and then it will simply be between the d.a. and the defense . '' 
 she ended the statement with a proud smile . 
 kali rolled her eyes heavenward . 
 rozzy laughed into the cereal bowl . 
 kali cleared her throat . 
 `` um , you guys , i know tonight is usually when we all go out together , but i have my own plans this time . 
 and i really want to use the car . '' 
 a mixture of surprise and relief briefly crossed their faces . 
 `` do you and callan have a date ? '' 
 lisa asked . 
 `` no . 
 we broke up . '' 
 `` again ? '' 
 lisa made a sympathetic noise . 
 `` you two will work things out . '' 
 `` i do n't want to work things out . '' 
 she gave them the same excuse she had given cal . 
 `` he 's going off to college . 
 he should have a college girlfriend . '' 
 `` so no more cal and kali , huh ? '' 
 greg slapped his knee . 
 `` that 's a smart decision . 
 good for you . '' 
 lisa stared woodenly at her husband . 
 `` do n't be so insensitive . 
 honey , what happened ? 
 do you want to talk about it ? '' 
 all three of them fixed their eyes on kali and waited expectantly . 
 rozzy had no idea of the reputation her sister had gained during high school . 
 at the end of sophomore year when kali 's rendezvous with boys had dramatically increased , rozzy had already left for college . 
 it was amazing how fast a great social status could be reduced to cinders . 
 `` ah ... no . 
 i do n't want to talk about it . 
 i would like some time alone though . 
 i thought i might catch a movie tonight . '' 
 `` that 's sounds great . 
 why do n't you two girls go together ? '' 
 `` uh , actually ... '' kali began to protest , intending to reiterate the `` alone '' part of her statement . 
 but the metts were n't having it . 
 they seemed eager to get their girls out of the house . 
 `` kali , you do n't need to be alone at a time like this . 
 you and rosalyn should go together . '' 
 greg pulled out his wallet . 
 that caused rozzy to pay closer attention . 
 he proffered a single bill . 
 `` here 's fifty bucks . 
 get dinner afterwards . '' 
 rozzy grabbed the money without hesitation . 
 `` thanks , dad ! '' 
 she turned to kali with a wink . 
 `` it looks like it 's you and me , sis . 
 i 'll go get my shoes . '' 
 then she bounded up the stairs . 
 greg and lisa stood looking at kali expectantly . 
 `` well , why are you still standing here ? 
 go have some fun . '' 
 kali sighed , already knowing her night would be anything but fun . 
 `` i need car keys . '' 
 `` oh , right . '' 
 greg searched his pockets . 
 `` go ahead and take my suv . 
 it 's friday . 
 all the weirdoes will be out , and i want you girls to be safe . '' 
 barely able to contain her disbelief , she took the keys from his outstretched hand . 
 she had been expecting to get lisa 's ride . 
 greg never let them drive his luxury car unless he was in it . 
 they were n't mature enough , he always said . 
 but if greg was n't thinking those things now , kali certainly was n't about to bring them up . 
 `` thanks ! '' 
 she exclaimed , grinning with an appreciative nod . 
 `` let 's go , roz ! '' 
 greg turned and shouted toward the stairs . 
 `` do n't make your sister wait for you . 
 it does n't take two hours to put shoes on . '' 
 when rozzy finally reappeared , they were each given more kisses and shooed toward the door . 
 greg made a fatherly suggestion , muttering in rozzy 's ear , `` maybe if you kept your room a little cleaner you could find things with less difficulty . '' 
 `` whatever , dad . '' 
 rozzy rolled her eyes . 
 `` i 'm almost twenty . 
 cleaning up a room is for babies . '' 
 she went out the door ahead of kali . 
 both girls aimed for the driver 's side of the bmw . 
 rozzy got there first . 
 `` give me the keys , '' she demanded . 
 kali shook her head . 
 `` no way . 
 get in on the other side or walk it . '' 
 rozzy yielded with a furious pout and made a point of checking her watch as soon as they were both in the car . 
 `` what time does the movie start ? '' 
 `` not until nine , '' kali said . 
 `` so we have plenty of time . 
 it 's one of those low budget flicks . 
 finding a couple of seats should n't be a problem . '' 
 `` should be even easier to find one , then , '' rozzy scoffed . 
 `` make a right up here . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` make a right . '' 
 kali obediently put the blinker on . 
 `` so , what are your plans for tonight ? '' 
 rozzy winked suggestively . 
 `` tim holden . '' 
 kali 's jaw dropped . 
 `` you 're kidding me . 
 tim holden ? 
 is n't that guy like , thirty ? 
 greg and lisa are going to kill you . '' 
 `` they 're not going to find out . '' 
 she stared at kali sternly . 
 `` they 're not going to find out , right ? '' 
 `` my lips are sealed . '' 
 following the rest of the instructions her sister doled out , kali steered the suv into a decent looking apartment complex . 
 she gave it a once over . 
 `` tim 's not bringing in the big bucks as a hot shot doctor yet ? '' 
 rozzy got slightly defensive . 
 `` he 's paying off student loans . '' 
 `` right , '' kali agreed , resisting another barb . 
 she did n't want to start a fight . 
 at the gate , rozzy supplied the code . 
 kali punched it in and drove through slowly , careful not to hit the curb . 
 she had barely found a parking space before rozzy was jumping out . 
 `` pick me up at midnight , loser . 
 we 'll make it home by curfew . '' 
 `` since you 're staying in , how about giving me the cash that was meant for both of us ? '' 
 `` oh yeah . '' 
 rozzy fished in her pocket and pulled out a crinkled bill . 
 after handing it over , she started walking toward the building . 
 kali looked at the money . 
 then she hastily hit the button to put down the window . 
 `` hey , this is a ten ! '' 
 `` keep the change , '' rozzy called over her shoulder and ran into the arms of an average looking , nearly thirty-year-old man that did n't give the impression of being able to pass a high school science test , much less a medical board exam . 
 shaking her head , kali pulled away from the odd couple . 
 two of greg 's tires scraped against the curb as she drove through the gate . 
 chapter 3 the movie was n't expected to be a blockbuster , but something had gotten people excited . 
 the theater was full . 
 noise of the crowd circulated with the smell of various artery-clogging foods . 
 kali 's stomach growled resentfully . 
 she considered making a last minute dash to the bathroom and concessions stand . 
 but the previews were ready to start , and there was no one to save her seat . 
 so she did n't . 
 sitting on the front row with her neck stuck at a ninety-degree angle for two hours was no way to enjoy a movie . 
 dimming lights cued everyone into silence , except for the businessman walking up the stairs . 
 `` all what noise ? '' 
 he yelled into his cell phone . 
 `` oh , we got a lot of guys here working on that project . '' 
 he sat down two rows behind kali . 
 `` i 'll be home real late , honey . 
 do n't wait up . 
 love you too . '' 
 as he ended the call , a brunette with humongous implants bounced up the stairs . 
 she took a seat next to him , and the two started kissing . 
 wow . 
 kali made a face . 
 but i 'm hardly one to throw stones at anyone . 
 when her eyes zeroed in on the walkway lined in orange strips of light , she knew it was going to be that kind of a night . 
 a mountain of a man had walked in looking as if he were mad at anyone that did n't eat for a living . 
 his steps were slow and deliberate , to carefully balance the giant tub of popcorn resting on a stomach too big to be real . 
 long , dirty locks of hair fell around the remnants of what used to be a neck . 
 sweat stained the armpits of his grey t-shirt that bore the self-mocking phrase : `` do n't stare . '' 
 he stood at the bottom of the stairs surveying the limited options for seating . 
 it was very unfortunate that the chairs on either side of kali were empty . 
 she clung to hope . 
 there was no way a man of his stature would climb so high and risk stressing what was probably already a diseased heart . 
 her optimism was expunged by the sinking feeling that settled in her gut . 
 the sensation was similar to the one kali got when she looked down while brushing her teeth , only to realize her toothbrush was still in its cradle . 
 there were few things more unsettling than introducing thousands of someone else 's bacteria into her body . 
 so , the very idea of king tub 's sweaty body inadvertently touching her while reaching into his bucket of popcorn incited a gag reflex . 
 `` crapola , '' kali muttered . 
 the man had locked eyes onto the seat beside her . 
 he climbed the stairs , glaring at kali the entire time . 
 at first , she thought she was being paranoid . 
 but there was something about this man 's unflinching gaze that made her skin crawl . 
 an improbable idea occurred to kali . 
 it seems like he was looking for me . 
 she averted her gaze but still felt his eyes on her . 
 he reached the row where she sat , wriggling his girth down the aisle until he almost stood directly in front her . 
 he was n't even a little out of breath . 
 `` is this seat taken ? '' 
 he asked . 
 maybe it was the angle , but the question had been directed at her boobs . 
 meanwhile , kali was at the exact eye level of the man 's gut . 
 his shirt was slightly too short , giving kali a peek of the happy trail running up his belly . 
 this is payback for every fat joke i 've ever made . 
 thank you , universe . 
 she tried to muster up a smile . 
 it fell short , crash landing somewhere near a grimace . 
 craning her neck for a nicer view , she looked up and lied . 
 `` yes , it is . '' 
 the man snorted rudely . 
 `` well , i do n't see anyone sitting here . '' 
 kali forced life into her limp smile . 
 `` as usual , my boyfriend is late . 
 but he should be here any minute . '' 
 she checked her phone for added sincerity . 
 `` well , a pretty little thing like you should n't have to sit all alone in the dark and wait for him , '' he said , ignoring the hint . 
 `` how ` bout i keep you company until he gets here ? '' 
 nearly recoiling in horror , kali swallowed a bit of regurgitated food that bubbled up into her mouth . 
 it tasted like the pizza she had eaten for lunch . 
 she collected her nerves , determined to handle the situation like an adult . 
 `` no , '' she stated firmly . 
 `` sir , i do n't want a strange man sitting beside me when my boyfriend gets here and -- '' kali faltered but raised her voice to cover it . 
 `` please remove your hand from your groin when speaking to me . '' 
 a satisfied grin came to his face and then broadened , spreading like every other part of his body had . 
 `` i 'll put my hands wherever you want me to , '' he whispered so that only she would hear . 
 kali 's calm adult approach flew out the window . 
 she 'd had enough of this guy . 
 `` how about you put one finger in your mouth and the other in your -- '' soft fingertips brushed her cheek , leaving the rest of the insult forgotten . 
 though the caress lasted only for the briefest moment , her entire body tingled in the aftermath . 
 someone said in a low voice , `` sorry i 'm late . 
 i found you as soon as i could . '' 
 kali was speechless . 
 she turned to see who it was , but not enough light came from the screen . 
 one thing was certain . 
 it was n't cal . 
 he would have had no idea where she was , and cal hated going to the movies . 
 most importantly , cal had never been able to make her feel that way with a single touch . 
 the mysterious newcomer and the perverted fat guy stood on each side of kali . 
 they were the hero and the villain facing off for the beautiful maiden . 
 the stranger 's voice was low and steady . 
 `` would you find another seat please ? 
 this one is mine . '' 
 the big man was n't as courteous . 
 `` i was here first , pretty boy . '' 
 kali could see nothing past the two men , but the credits were rolling . 
 she could tell by the music . 
 her would-be rescuer was causing a scene that was going to make her miss the opening . 
 bit by bit , her edginess began to return . 
 `` i wo n't ask again , '' the stranger said . 
 his tone was level but held a hint of something dangerous , barely restrained beneath the surface . 
 the fat man reconsidered . 
 turning away , he moved back toward the end seat of the same row and paused as if to sit there . 
 but the hero had n't moved . 
 he stood watching the villain 's retreat with a tranquility primed to explode . 
 taking the hint , the fat man abruptly climbed up to the next row . 
 he grunted as his bulk sank into a chair and the busty brunette he 'd sat next to let out a startled yelp . 
 her date night with the businessman was officially ruined . 
 kali allowed herself a small smile . 
 whoever this stranger was , he had killed two birds with the same stone . 
 the seat beside her was soundless as he claimed it . 
 and so was kali . 
 in the dark , she had n't been able to make out many details . 
 he was n't vertically challenged , and he did n't look that much older than she was . 
 college age perhaps . 
 and he had nice hair . 
 appearance aside , anyone or anything would have been better than her previous option . 
 the stranger shifted , leaning over until his mouth was within a millimeter of her left ear . 
 he spoke softly , his lips brushing against some serious nerve endings , `` is this seat taken ? '' 
 with a nervous shiver , she blinked long and slow , savoring the low and sexy quality of his voice . 
 then she edged away to put at least an inch between his lips and her ear . 
 if he touched her like that again , kali was very likely to embarrass herself . 
 just as she was about to answer his question , the room brightened with light from the illuminated screen . 
 what kali saw made her jaw drop . 
 if an eighty-year-old grandmother had been sitting next to her when this guy had shown up , kali would have politely asked the old lady to move so the stranger could sit down . 
 he was absurdly good looking . 
 silver lighting accented every perfect line and angle of his face . 
 several locks from his thick mass of hair fell idly across his forehead , slightly curling at the ends . 
 there was softness to his features that suggested he could be a keeper . 
 the stranger returned kali 's stare with an intensity that took in every part of her . 
 but his eyes never left her face . 
 realizing she had been staring at him stupidly for far too long , kali struggled to find something to say . 
 `` i 'm ... '' she cleared her throat . 
 `` it 's yours . '' 
 he finally looked away . 
 whatever tied her to him was loosed , and kali pulled her gaze away . 
 they did n't speak again for a long time , but kali was constantly aware of him . 
 she kept stealing furtive glances in his direction because the sight of him was more enthralling than anything the movie had to offer . 
 growing bolder , kali watched him from the corner of her eye at increasingly longer intervals . 
 apparently , the stranger was not as bothered as she was . 
 relaxed in his seat , he sat observing the screen with languid interest , doing a pretty good job convincing her that he 'd forgotten anyone was beside him . 
 kali was so immersed with watching him , and was completely startled when he spoke . 
 `` it 's not polite to stare , '' he murmured softly without taking his eyes from the screen . 
 kali jerked and turned away . 
 but she was n't fast enough and was mortified to see the beginning of a satisfied smile appear on his face . 
 she slid down into the chair , grateful for the darkness that concealed a blush spreading across her cheeks . 
 from then on she tried to concentrate on the movie . 
 but it was useless . 
 she gave up and watched the screen absently , all the while thinking about the guy sitting next to her and how he probably thought she was an absolute dork . 
 she did n't get it . 
 boys never had this affect on her . 
 for the past two years , it had always been them falling helplessly at her feet . 
 a mutated mix of human and creature launched itself from a quiet scene , growling and snarling into the camera . 
 several audience members jumped in surprise , and kali was one of them . 
 she made a noise that sounded like a strangled bird . 
 `` do these things frighten you ? '' 
 the stranger asked . 
 he was clearly enjoying her discomfort . 
 kali cleared her throat . 
 `` why would they ? 
 this stuff is n't real . '' 
 this time , she did n't look at him . 
 after a long moment , he spoke again . 
 `` right , '' he slowly agreed . 
 chapter 4 the end credits rolled and kali bolted straight for the exit . 
 looking back as she took the stairs , kali saw the stranger had yet to rise from his chair . 
 everything about him was perfectly stationary , except his eyes . 
 they tracked her every move . 
 beneath that unsettling gaze , her skin warmed . 
 her stomach fluttered . 
 a bizarre sensation percolated in her fingers and toes . 
 it was like nothing she had ever felt before . 
 gasping as her foot missed the next step , kali stumbled wildly down four more before she caught herself on the railing . 
 she wanted to die . 
 the room and everyone in it became a blur as she sprang back to her feet . 
 taking the remaining stairs two at a time , kali shoved through the double doors that opened into the hallway . 
 she did n't stop until she reached the restroom and locked herself inside . 
 leaning against the sink , kali tried to slow her breathing . 
 she had never felt so stupid in her entire life . 
 she lifted her head . 
 the person she saw was n't her . 
 this girl was trembling . 
 her pupils were dilated , her cheeks flushed . 
 kali was suddenly very hungry ... and not for human food . 
 `` this should n't be happening , '' she whispered . 
 pressing her forehead against the cool surface of the mirror , kali brought her hand against the glass . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 it took some time , but she eventually regained enough composure to face the world again . 
 when she cautiously stepped into the corridor , it was downright deserted . 
 no one , not even a theater worker , was in sight . 
 kali was relieved . 
 at least if she made a fool of herself again , nobody would see it . 
 kali made for the exit , and immediately got the impression of someone watching her . 
 half expecting to see the stranger having another laugh at her expense , she whirled around . 
 no one was there . 
 why am i so jumpy ? 
 relax . 
 but as she went outside , her anxiety only multiplied . 
 she blamed it on the dark and crossed the parking lot as quickly as possible , searching for the car keys as she did so . 
 kali shook her purse and heard them jingle somewhere near the bottom . 
 `` come on . 
 come on , '' she said nervously . 
 someone or something was out there . 
 what if it 's the wolf again ? 
 kali almost squealed aloud at the thought . 
 then she shook her head . 
 she was being silly . 
 `` i 'm going to have to give up scary movies , '' she muttered . 
 clenching the keys in her fist , kali closed the distance between herself and greg 's suv in four long strides . 
 it was the only vehicle in sight . 
 she climbed inside and promptly hit the door locks . 
 exhaling deeply , she started the ignition and vaguely wondered why the smell of stale popcorn filled the interior . 
 maybe it 's the dumpsters . 
 her stomach rumbled , and kali remembered that she had yet to have dinner . 
 she glanced at the clock . 
 there was time enough to grab something from a drive-thru before she needed to pick up rozzy . 
 a gruff whisper came from the back seat , interrupting her thoughts of fast food . 
 `` hey , pretty girl . '' 
 kali jumped violently . 
 the eyes of the villain leered at her from the rearview mirror . 
 twisted onto his face was the smile of a predator . 
 her veins turned to ice . 
 the sweaty pervert had broken into the car . 
 easing her hand toward the door handle , kali took a bet on the safety feature that would automatically unlock the door when pulled from inside . 
 she did n't take her eyes away from the man as she made her move , attempting to jump from the car before he could react . 
 but the man 's size belied his speed . 
 he seized a fistful of kali 's hair and yanked hard enough to snap her head backward . 
 she screamed . 
 the sound became a painful gasp as her neck stretched over the head rest . 
 air could n't reach her lungs . 
 needles stung like fire , pouring through her scalp and radiating into her shoulders . 
 kali really did not want to end up in the backseat with the maniac . 
 she managed to hook both feet into the steering wheel . 
 but her back was arched over the console , every fiber in her upper torso wrung beyond its limit . 
 the pain was excruciating . 
 as the man continued to pull , a cry slipped from kali 's lips . 
 she had to do something . 
 kicking wildly at the keys dangling from the ignition , kali finally hit the right spot . 
 the horn blared repeatedly . 
 the car 's lights began flashing . 
 panic buttons had a purpose after all . 
 `` you 're going to pay for that , '' he snarled into her ear . 
 he did n't waste time delivering on that promise . 
 with strength reflecting madness , the man pulled even harder . 
 tears blurred her vision and wet her cheeks . 
 pain gripped kali 's head like a vise . 
 it was difficult to see anything beyond it . 
 she was either going to have to let go of the steering wheel or hide a bald spot the size of a small grapefruit . 
 kali shut her eyes and let go . 
 a second later , the pressure on her skull relented and she was snatched into the backseat . 
 her attacker 's enormous girth actually softened the impact . 
 the smell of popcorn got stronger . 
 kali realized he was the source . 
 she struggled to reach for one of the rear passenger doors but could n't move . 
 the man was holding her back with an iron grip . 
 something cold and sharp pressed against her neck . 
 kali froze . 
 she prayed it was not a knife but knew in the same instant that it was . 
 `` where 's your boyfriend now ? '' 
 he taunted viciously . 
 when she did n't respond , he flicked the blade against the delicate hollow of her throat . 
 kali felt her blood trickle and went limp with fear . 
 behind her surrender , the man relaxed his hold . 
 hard calluses scraped against her soft skin as his hand explored her body . 
 when his fingers slipped underneath her bra , she bit back a sob . 
 `` i told you i 'd put my hands wherever you wanted them . '' 
 he laughed . 
 his belly quivered against her back . 
 `` we 've been waiting for you . '' 
 her stomach rolled in revulsion , and kali fought the urge to vomit . 
 clenching her teeth , she refused to make a sound . 
 fear was what he wanted . 
 somewhere in the back of her mind , she could not believe the attack was really happening . 
 what a horrible way to start off the weekend . 
 raped and then killed , or killed and then raped , or just raped . 
 the options were n't looking so good . 
 `` you 've already met my little pet . 
 he liked you but you got away . '' 
 he kissed her neck . 
 `` i 'm going to have to show you how a little girl like you should behave . '' 
 kali whimpered . 
 she did n't want to think of what would happen next , knowing she was powerless to stop it . 
 suddenly , the rear window exploded and shattered glass rained inside . 
 kali instinctively closed both eyes and turned her face . 
 she felt the fat man 's body convulse and the knife fall away from her throat . 
 another window shattered . 
 more glass flew . 
 someone was screaming . 
 the villain . 
 it was his voice shrieking into the night . 
 kali opened her eyes to see him being pulled feet first through the opposite window . 
 but the opening was much too small to accommodate his bulk . 
 the man 's face contorted with agony . 
 blood spilled where his skin split against broken shards of glass . 
 red streamers poured down the door panel . 
 the villain had become the victim . 
 he cried out and clawed at the seat , desperate for anything to hang on to . 
 he even tried reaching out to kali . 
 she plastered her body against the door to keep away from his flailing hands . 
 eyes bulging , his blubbery face vanished . 
 his final scream was cut short . 
 kali was shaking uncontrollably . 
 she stared through the shattered window . 
 nothing but the empty night lay beyond it . 
 the inside of the suv had gotten a serious makeover . 
 the leather was ripped . 
 blood covered the doors and seats . 
 greg is never going to let me use this car again . 
 then a face appeared in the window . 
 it was the hero , the stranger who had rescued her before the movie . 
 even while slipping into shock , kali was somehow able to appreciate how attractive he was . 
 the dimly lit theater had n't done the guy enough justice . 
 set aglow in street-light , his features were absolutely stunning . 
 `` that 's twice in one night i 've saved you . '' 
 his voice was calm and reassuring . 
 kali 's fear started to melt away . 
 `` do n't move , '' he told her . 
 but when his face disappeared , panic seized her chest . 
 in the next moment , the stranger was behind her . 
 his arms were gentle as they wrapped around her waist , tugging her free of the backseat . 
 kali 's knees buckled as soon as her feet touched the pavement . 
 every ounce of adrenaline was spent . 
 she sagged against him . 
 strong hands steadied her . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 you 're safe now . '' 
 those soothing words would be the last thing she heard that night . 
 the world around her muted as if someone had remotely pushed a button . 
 her vision dimmed . 
 black tendrils weaved between gleaming pin-points , blurring the sight of his face . 
 and then there was nothing . 
 chapter 5 the stranger caught the young woman in his arms as she fell limp against him . 
 he held her close , tilting her face to the light . 
 her appearance was somewhat different . 
 her raven locks were shorter but with the same silky feel . 
 her eyes were as he 'd carried them in memory for so long -- a piercing deep brown that commanded whatever they wanted . 
 and from what he 'd seen tonight , her fierce temper had remained very much intact . 
 kalista was as beautiful as he remembered . 
 and she had finally come back to him . 
 he was angry at himself for creeping her out and then leaving . 
 danger had been so close . 
 already several miles away when the urgency of the car alarm reached his ears , he 'd raced back to the theater . 
 seeing her attacker had felt like a flying kick to his gut . 
 he had made a huge mistake . 
 never underestimate anyone or any situation . 
 he smiled mirthlessly . 
 that lesson would be repeated until he learned it . 
 how many more would die before then ? 
 lifting her gently , he carried her across the parking lot and loaded her limp body into the passenger side of his vehicle . 
 he reclined the seat so it would appear she was only sleeping to any curious passerby . 
 though encountering a decent citizen at this hour that actually cared enough to report suspicious activity was highly unlikely . 
 he strapped the safety belt across her lap and chest . 
 and then he lingered , reluctant to leave again even for a minute . 
 he glanced back at the man that lay motionless on the pavement and frowned . 
 closing the door , he turned to survey the surroundings . 
 his eyes and ears were alert to anyone else that may have been summoned by the alarm . 
 satisfied with the silence , he returned to the suv . 
 it had seen better days before this one . 
 he retrieved the purse from the floor-boards , shaking it free of glass . 
 it was a flashy thing , impractical and very full of stuff . 
 not seeing anything else she might miss in the morning , he went to deal with the large man sprawled belly up on the pavement . 
 he considered his options . 
 the body could n't stay where it was . 
 come morning , someone would see it . 
 there would be screaming . 
 there would be cops . 
 with those guys came a lot of questions . 
 and he did n't particularly like dealing with questions . 
 the man had basically gone down without a fight . 
 and a relatively small amount of blood had been spilled . 
 but even a little blood was n't good for his leather seats . 
 the stranger let out a resigned sigh . 
 had he known he was going to have to kill tonight , he would have come better prepared . 
 grabbing the body by the ankles , he hauled it over to the truck . 
 another idea occurred to him as he deliberated the tool-box in the tail bed . 
 his eyes moved down to the fat guy and then up to the tool-box again . 
 it was going to be a tough squeeze . 
 slinging the purse over his shoulder to free his hands , he hoisted the body up into the bed . 
 as an afterthought he checked for a pulse . 
 dead . 
 there was a reasonable amount of space to accommodate the corpse after he 'd tossed out a few items . 
 he shoved the man inside and packed him down with his feet . 
 then he strapped the tool-box tight with bungee cords . 
 if the lid popped up and the body fell out , it would be a terrible thing . 
 even bill clinton could n't explain himself out of that one . 
 he cleared the glass from the lot and drove the suv to a nearby parking garage . 
 he would have to retrieve it later . 
 starting out at a jog back to the theater , the stranger stopped when sirens suddenly screamed in the distance . 
 their wails grew louder , as did the roar of two engines pushed to the max . 
 he crouched low and slid into the shadows of nearby landscaping . 
 his heart thudded . 
 he hoped it was n't the cops . 
 every muscle tensed as the vehicles came in view . 
 he relaxed . 
 it was only a pair of first responders racing to a fire . 
 the stranger waited a few beats more to be on the safe side . 
 he had already screwed up enough for one night . 
 when the sirens fell to a distant hum , he left the cover of the shadows . 
 a few minutes later , he sat in his truck waiting for the gps to find the address from her license . 
 the moody little contraption got a hit on the second attempt . 
 only the drone of tires moving over faded asphalt and the occasional whump of the body in the toolbox kept him company . 
 but the drive was n't a long one . 
 his eyes drifted to the passenger seat for the millionth time . 
 she sighed softly and stirred . 
 he placed a hand on her shoulder , hoping to still her sleep . 
 the brief contact lit every single nerve ending on fire . 
 it was as if he 'd stuck his hand over an open flame and held it there until the skin bubbled . 
 both pain and pleasure spread through his body , multiplying with the irresistible song that called his flesh to hers . 
 it took everything he had to keep the truck on the highway . 
 at last , the feeling subsided and he tore his hand away . 
 `` okay . 
 think baseball , '' he muttered . 
 the stranger swore as he nearly drove past the street sign marking her subdivision . 
 the brakes squealed in protest to the swift deceleration . 
 he winced , and glanced over anxiously at the passenger seat . 
 she still slept . 
 relief washed over him . 
 cutting the headlights , he aimed the truck into the driveway of a suburban home with features identical to at least fifty percent of the houses in the neighborhood . 
 the engine did n't make any noise in neutral as it coasted toward the two-car garage . 
 he watched nearby houses to make sure no curtains moved or lights came on . 
 a neighbor witnessing him carrying an unconscious woman into a dark house could make trouble . 
 by the time he managed to locate her keys , exasperation was almost on his doorstep . 
 it was as if she had tried to pack an entire store inside of the purse . 
 gently lifting her from the cab , he carried her to the front door , shifting her weight to work the lock . 
 the damn thing stuck . 
 the deadbolt eventually gave and he opened the door . 
 no need to turn on the lights . 
 other senses would guide him through the unfamiliar contours of the house . 
 he navigated the stairs soundlessly , pausing at the top to look in both directions . 
 left . 
 her scent was strongest there . 
 he went that way and found her bedroom at the end . 
 back against the door , he pushed into the room and reached the bed in two long strides . 
 her weight sank into the mattress . 
 he pulled blankets to cover her . 
 he wanted to stay , wanted her to wake and know he was real . 
 but instinct and caution prevailed over emotion . 
 there was a greater need to observe and understand why she had ever left him . 
 chapter 6 dark . 
 dread . 
 heart pounding fear . 
 the horseman first entered kali 's dreams that night . 
 her blood hammered brutally against her temple . 
 she strained to see , peering at her feet and hands . 
 the shadows frightened her . 
 somewhere the moon shone vibrantly . 
 but where kalista stood , that luminary was blocked by lush trees of the forest . 
 she gazed up at their ancient , bowed branches reaching endlessly into the night sky , utterly entwined for all eternity . 
 the sight stirred hope within her . 
 she looked ahead and caught a glimpse of light . 
 just as quickly it disappeared , like an animal scurrying away to hide deep in the forest . 
 the terror of being discovered clutched at her heart , squeezing air from her lungs . 
 light . 
 she had to find it . 
 only it could keep the shadows at bay . 
 she began moving to where she had last seen the light , but abruptly halted . 
 the forest was too quiet . 
 to disturb that stillness would place everything in peril . 
 but she could n't stay where she was . 
 forcing herself to continue , kalista trudged onward . 
 every step sank her feet deeper into the unforgiving mud of the overgrown path . 
 one slipper got sucked down into the sludge and stuck fast . 
 she tried to pull it free , but the shoe did n't budge . 
 she would have to abandon it rather than risk capture . 
 gathering her skirts into a firmer hold , she pressed forward and tried not to think of the dress that had been so beautiful only a few hours ago . 
 now it was ruined . 
 the bottom of the garment was in shreds , covered by muck and briars . 
 an assortment of small creatures probably clung aboard as well . 
 the lavish material was no friend to her now , whispering in the night whenever she moved . 
 she gritted her teeth against the sound , knowing the smallest noise could be heard by the alert ears of those that crouched , waiting in the forest . 
 the day should have been one of celebration . 
 instead , a horrific turn of events had left her scrambling through the mud like a wretched dog . 
 that hardly mattered now . 
 only survival was important . 
 directly ahead , she saw the light return . 
 kalista gradually realized where she was . 
 the clearing . 
 she was so close . 
 her hope surged . 
 the impulse to run forward became very strong ... until a noise from behind made her freeze . 
 her mind and heart raced to consider the possibilities . 
 she could not risk revealing herself , but darkness would not conceal her much longer . 
 the sound in the forest grew louder and closer . 
 something was crashing through the undergrowth at a rapid pace . 
 and it was frantic to reach her . 
 turning back , kalista ran to the light . 
 as she burst into the clearing , something grabbed her from behind with incredible strength . 
 it tore at her dress , trying to drag her flailing body away from the light . 
 deeper into the forest . 
 as hard as she struggled , the thing that had her was winning . 
 she reached out for anything to hold on to . 
 but it was useless . 
 help , she cried soundlessly . 
 help ! 
 no one answered . 
 swallowing despair , she flipped onto her back to confront the creature that hunted her so doggedly . 
 the pair of primordial eyes that met hers glowed like embers of a dying fire . 
 hypnotized by her gaze , the creature paused in its attack . 
 she held on , willing it not to move . 
 minutes were like hours as they ticked by . 
 no movement , not even their breathing , was evident . 
 but the creature had a powerful will of its own . 
 kalista began to feel her hold lessening . 
 it opened its jaws and inched forward , fighting for every stride . 
 clouds of its pungent breath engulfed the air between their faces . 
 the stench of it was thick . 
 kalista could taste the hunger for her death . 
 will spent and near collapse , she was able to command the creature no longer . 
 she resigned at last to surrender to the enemy . 
 all of a sudden , the light advanced . 
 it rushed through the trees and exploded onto the scene , banishing the darkness . 
 fear covered the creature like a thick blanket , possessing even its movements as it struggled with the possibility of retreat . 
 a figure in black armor emerged from the light . 
 he moved like a phantom , silent and fluid in grace . 
 he was seated upon an extraordinarily large mount . 
 the horse 's size alone was enough to strike awe into the heart of any challenger . 
 its skin was as dark as the night that surrounded it . 
 as the horseman expertly brandished his weapon , the light moved with it and kalista realized that the sword was the source of blinding radiance . 
 in one sweeping motion , he brought the blade down upon the creature 's head , delivering a crippling blow . 
 the animal snarled with a blend of rage and pain . 
 then it fled into the forest . 
 kalista quivered with relief , unable to control the shaking even as she climbed to her feet . 
 she kept her eyes on the mysterious rider . 
 everything about him remained concealed . 
 even his stature was distorted by the immense armor . 
 somehow she knew he would not reveal himself . 
 the horseman looked past her , staring into the forest with his sword held in high guard . 
 blood steadily drained from its edges , dimming the blade 's brilliance . 
 then the horseman turned to kalista . 
 she could only assume their eyes met because his remained hidden . 
 he dismounted and reached her in a single stride . 
 when only an arm 's length separated the distance between them , the horseman raised his scarlet touched blade ... chapter 7 kali lay quietly with her head on the pillow listening to a pair of finches singing outside . 
 several minutes ago , she had awoken . 
 and she 'd been very confused . 
 the memory of driving home the night before was n't there . 
 she did n't remember fumbling with the lock or walking up the creaky staircase . 
 where am i ? 
 the question plagued her brain until the familiar bump of a loose spring at the foot of the mattress rubbed against her foot and the oil painting of yellow daisies caught her eye . 
 those clues brought a wave of recognition and relief . 
 she was in her own bed , in her room . 
 still feeling somewhat uneasy , kali crawled out of bed . 
 she was rewarded with a chill that almost sent her diving right back underneath the covers . 
 the cold from the hardwood floors clung to her feet as she walked to the window . 
 reaching up in a languid stretch , she drew the curtains aside . 
 it was definitely morning . 
 the finches chirped in welcome , like faithful heralds . 
 smiling appreciatively , kali raised the window . 
 for the past few winters , the tiny birds had made a home in the huge oak tree whose branches hung low over her bedroom window . 
 even in two feet of snow , they could be spotted tirelessly foraging for food . 
 she often made it easier for them by preparing a plate of peanut butter mixed in birdseed and hanging it near the base of the tree . 
 pat and stew sang to her every morning . 
 but whenever that special meal awaited them , their song was extra enthusiastic . 
 `` hi , fellas . '' 
 she addressed them both as males , though they were a mated pair . 
 but pat never acted as if she minded . 
 `` good things will happen today , '' kali said softly . 
 shoving the worries she 'd awoken with to the back of her mind , kali figured what she needed was a hot shower . 
 she grabbed a towel and went down the hall to the bathroom . 
 standing beneath the steaming water felt good . 
 it pounded her back and shoulders in a liquid massage that could have lasted for hours . 
 kali closed her eyes and inhaled the steam , enjoying the soothing effect . 
 behind the dark of closed eyelids , aberrant images slowly began to seep in . 
 there was a flash of wolves chasing her through the woods . 
 another flash and people were being devoured . 
 a big man stood amongst the trees pointing and laughing at the gory scene . 
 kali frowned and struggled to make sense of it . 
 but the water ran cold . 
 icy fingers nudged at her brain and body , jerking her from thought . 
 she shook her head and left the shower . 
 outside the bathroom , wonderful smells wafted upstairs . 
 kali was n't surprised . 
 most saturdays , lisa made breakfast for the family . 
 today smelled like pancakes and turkey sausage . 
 kali inhaled deeply . 
 the delicious aromas tickled her nose and made her stomach growl , begging her to move faster . 
 she slid into a pair of black sweatpants and headed downstairs , pulling cal 's oversized hoodie over her tank top as she did so . 
 it still smelled like him . 
 but the scent of chocolate chip pancakes absolutely thrilled her , clearing out all thoughts of ex-boyfriends . 
 the kitchen was immediately visible from the bottom of the stairs . 
 sure enough , lisa was busy at the stove whipping up another batch of pancakes and what could have been vegetarian omelets . 
 the older woman was dancing , carefree and entirely out of step with the music playing from a stereo mounted below the cabinets . 
 without turning , lisa posed a question in a motherly tone long ago perfected , `` what time did you get in last night , young lady ? '' 
 `` um ... '' kali really did n't have an answer . 
 `` i think it was pretty late . '' 
 that was n't going to fly . 
 `` you think ? '' 
 lisa repeated . 
 kali took a seat at the table and started picking at the checkered table-cloth . 
 `` i do n't remember , '' she admitted . 
 `` kalista ! '' 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 her adoptive mom had both hands on her hips , the pancake on the griddle forgotten . 
 `` were you drinking ? '' 
 `` no . 
 no . 
 i went to a movie like i told you ... '' kali 's voice trailed as memories flooded in from the prior night . 
 empty , black eyes glowered hungrily from the rearview mirror . 
 a dull throb began at the base of her skull . 
 she remembered being pulled into the backseat , rough hands against her skin . 
 she pressed a hand to her head discreetly , and tried not to remember what happened next . 
 `` kalista , '' lisa called again . 
 blinking back the images , kali concentrated on her not yet angry mom . 
 `` i went to a movie . 
 that 's all , lisa . '' 
 a knife , sharp and cold , pricked painfully at her throat . 
 her hand strayed there reflexively and felt the raised skin of a small nick . 
 alarm horns were blaring into the night . 
 her attacker screamed . 
 his blood was everywhere . 
 there was a voice , a face . 
 the stranger . 
 kali exhaled . 
 standing up abruptly , she began to arrange place settings at the table to disguise the motion . 
 for a while , lisa said nothing more . 
 then the smell of burning pancakes got her attention . 
 with a squeal , she turned back to the stove , frantically scraping at the ruined flapjack in a futile attempt to save it . 
 `` flying fudge monkeys , '' she muttered . 
 the metts had a rule . 
 no profanity was allowed in the house . 
 as a result , many other colorful expressions had been invented . 
 `` kali , honey , come take the bacon out of the oven . '' 
 `` bacon ? '' 
 kali repeated in surprise . 
 the metts had another rule . 
 no cholesterol , fatty meats , or complex carbohydrates were allowed in the house . 
 of course , the rule was annulled when the girls were on their own for dinner . 
 cholesterol , fatty meats , and complex carbs were building blocks for fast food . 
 and fast food was what kali and rozzy usually ordered . 
 lisa smiled . 
 `` it 's turkey bacon , extra lean . 
 chop chop , before that burns too . '' 
 kali hurried to the stove obediently , grabbing an oven mitt to retrieve the endangered breakfast while lisa busied herself raking the ashes of the dead pancake into the trashcan . 
 `` put the bacon in that awful serving dish . 
 you know the one with the smiling pansies . 
 it makes your dad happy to see me using it every once in awhile . '' 
 kali could n't help grunting as she retrieved the bulky orange , brown , and purple atrocity from the cabinet . 
 its colors matched nothing in lisa 's meticulous black and red deco that was accented by white appliances . 
 one of a kind and hand painted , the artist had chosen to place a brown flower as the focal piece in a field of happily colored pansies . 
 if anyone gazed at the picture for more than three seconds , the brown blossom appeared to have teeth . 
 to make matters worse , greg 's mother had given the `` gift '' to lisa as a tenth anniversary present . 
 `` it 's not like she has n't been here a million times . '' 
 lisa gestured about the kitchen . 
 `` she 's seen my taste . 
 that woman intentionally picked out the most garish item from the bargain bin at the flea market . '' 
 lisa shook her head , continuing to rant . 
 kali sort of tuned her out . 
 every use of the serving dish incited the same speech from lisa . 
 each time lisa came to the same conclusion . 
 `` all these years and she still hates me . '' 
 `` she 's not so fond of me either , '' kali said without thinking . 
 she had often thought those words but never said them out loud . 
 lisa carried the omelets and pancakes to the table with a concerned expression . 
 `` why would you say such a thing ? '' 
 too late to take it back . 
 `` it 's the way she looks at me some times . 
 and stuff she says ... more so what she does n't say . '' 
 after a hesitant pause , lisa told kali something she had never explained to her daughter before . 
 `` greg 's only brother died young . 
 when your father and i accepted that we could n't conceive any more children , his mother took it even harder than we did . 
 she understandably wanted a grandson to carry on the family name . 
 we all decided that greg and i would adopt a boy , but then you came to us kali and we completely fell in love with you . 
 i 've never regretted the decision and neither has greg . '' 
 she tucked a lock of kali 's hair behind her ear . 
 `` marie did n't feel the same way . 
 she 's really angry at me for not being able to give greg a son . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , lisa . '' 
 though it had happened decades in the past , a shadow of pain flickered across the older woman 's face . 
 she smiled bravely . 
 but it was a sad expression . 
 `` i 'm not , '' she said . 
 kali turned away . 
 she did n't like to see lisa so unhappy . 
 in a rare moment of perfect timing , rozzy ducked past the kitchen window from the outside . 
 her clothes were the same from the night before , though wrinkled as if they 'd been slept in . 
 moses spotted her too and meowed longingly at the window . 
 `` crapola , '' kali whispered , remembering something else she had forgotten . 
 chapter 8 kali quickly looked at her adoptive mom to see if she had noticed her kid sneaking around outside . 
 but lisa was too busy shooing moses out of the kitchen . 
 `` i 'll go bring greg and rozzy down for breakfast , '' kali said . 
 without waiting for a reply , she dashed up the stairs . 
 `` greg ! '' 
 she called and pounded on her parents ' door . 
 `` breakfast is ready ! 
 there 's real bacon ! '' 
 the last part was a lie , but she needed him downstairs asap to keep lisa occupied . 
 kali put her ear against the door and heard socked feet walking hurriedly across the carpet . 
 greg opened the door . 
 his expression was heartbreakingly hopeful . 
 `` did you say bacon ? '' 
 kali nodded , feeling slightly guilty . 
 but maybe he would n't notice the difference . 
 she tiptoed down the stairs and located lisa . 
 her back was turned . 
 kali darted through the living room and rushed to the back door . 
 moses had beaten her there . 
 the cat stood flicking her tail from side to side expectantly . 
 rozzy 's face turned bright red as soon as she saw kali . 
 `` way to go for ditching me last night . '' 
 `` actually , you ditched me first . 
 but i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` what happened to you ? '' 
 i think i was attacked and nearly raped by a tub of butter flavored lard at knife point . 
 but i ca n't be certain . 
 the details are fuzzy . 
 yeah , the truth was a no go . 
 `` you 're not the only one with secrets , '' kali said and pulled her sister inside . 
 she kept talking so rozzy would n't ask any more questions . 
 `` they do n't know you have n't been home . 
 go upstairs and put on some sweats or something . 
 you look terrible . 
 come down in ten minutes and say you had trouble sleeping . '' 
 she examined rozzy again . 
 `` but take a shower first . 
 you smell like cheap aftershave . 
 it 's incriminating . '' 
 rolling her eyes , rozzy brushed past kali and disappeared up the stairs . 
 precisely twelve minutes later , she reappeared looking like she had recently woken up . 
 that probably was n't much of a stretch . 
 at the breakfast table , greg was very disappointed to see turkey bacon on the plate in front of him . 
 but rozzy and kali ate with enthusiasm since both of them had missed dinner the night before . 
 between bites , they told at least a dozen lies to cover their tracks . 
 rozzy constructed an artful story about the night of bonding she and kali had shared . 
 she even summed up the plot of the last movie they saw together , a romantic comedy in theaters two years before rozzy went to college , and simply took creative liberties with any details she did n't remember . 
 the parents bought it . 
 kali listened absently until it was over . 
 when the family breakfast was done , she went down to the basement to watch television . 
 the rest of the afternoon was uneventful until around four o’clock when the phone rang . 
 kali let it go a few times , hoping someone upstairs would pick up . 
 five rings later , no one had . 
 she gave in and answered . 
 her boss ' voice and a lot of static greeted her from the other end . 
 `` this is mack richards . 
 is kali available ? '' 
 `` yeah , this is she . '' 
 `` oh good , i 'm glad i reached you ! 
 how is your weekend coming along ? '' 
 the receiver crackled with his excitement . 
 kali suspected the feigned interest in her weekend was just a formality . 
 mack was typically only nice when he needed something . 
 she decided to test her theory . 
 `` i 'm fine but last night my dog got hit by a car and might have to be put down . 
 we 're headed to the vet right now . '' 
 `` oh that 's exciting , '' mack said , and went on without pause . 
 `` hey sweetie , listen . 
 i know it 's your weekend off but i need you to come into work tomorrow morning . 
 and i need you here a couple of hours early . '' 
 the extra money sounded good . 
 `` sure , what 's going on ? '' 
 `` i need you to enter some data from my last expedition . '' 
 `` that has to be done at five in the morning ? '' 
 `` i want it done before the rest of the office gets in and you 're too busy with other assignments . 
 i do n't want this muddled up . 
 i need your full concentration because i ca n't have any of the mistakes you 've been making lately . '' 
 kali sat up from the sunken sofa , wondering what the heck mack was talking about . 
 she had the lowest error rate in the office and had for a year now . 
 but she was n't going to argue with him . 
 `` okay , '' she conceded . 
 `` i 'll be there first thing . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 i knew i could count on you . '' 
 `` no problem . 
 i 'll see you soon . '' 
 she lowered the phone to the cradle , but mack 's voice rang out again . 
 `` kali ! '' 
 restraining a sigh , she brought the phone back to her ear . 
 `` yes , mr. richards ? '' 
 `` do n't be late . '' 
 a final click signaled the line was disconnected . 
 it was the signature mack maneuver : get in , get what you want , and get out . 
 but he was the guy who signed her paycheck . 
 and the job was helping her save for college . 
 above all else , it gave kali awesome exposure to the field of archaeology . 
 a few seconds later , the phone rang again . 
 she hit pause on the remote and snatched up the telephone . 
 `` hello . '' 
 `` hey , kal . 
 let 's go out tonight . '' 
 it was callan . 
 `` i went out last night . '' 
 `` but not with me . '' 
 `` that 's because we broke up , '' she replied flatly . 
 `` come on , kal , this is stupid . 
 yesterday is water under the bridge . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` i should n't have gotten so upset with you . '' 
 she pushed a stray curl out of her eyes and sighed . 
 every movement stirred his scent from the sweatshirt . 
 it had become so familiar in their three years of dating . 
 `` callan , i ca n't . '' 
 `` would you just talk to me ? 
 please ? '' 
 smelling him while hearing his voice caused her resolve to deteriorate . 
 `` i got in pretty late last night . 
 i do n't think greg and lisa will let me go out again . '' 
 that did n't sound convincing even to her . 
 `` that 's a lame excuse . 
 tell lisa it 's me and she 'll bring greg around . 
 they might even pay for our dinner . '' 
 kali laughed . 
 what he said was true . 
 lisa absolutely adored cal . 
 `` that boy is going somewhere . 
 he 's perfect for you , '' she always said . 
 `` how long before you get here ? '' 
 `` i can be there in ten . '' 
 kali narrowed her eyes . 
 `` unbelievable . 
 you were already on your way . '' 
 he at least had the sense to sound abashed . 
 `` i sort of figured you 'd say yes . '' 
 `` well i need half an hour . 
 do n't get here before then . 
 i do n't care if you have to park at the end of the street . '' 
 she hung up , wondering what she had agreed to and why . 
 in her mind , yesterday had truly been it for them . 
 kali had known all along that she and callan could n't last forever . 
 it would be better for both of them if she let him go . 
 if only the guy would let her . 
 chapter 9 there was n't much time to decide what to wear . 
 cal had n't exactly said where they were headed . 
 and kali had been too distracted to ask . 
 she tried to think like him . 
 it was n't difficult . 
 he 'd said he wanted to talk . 
 that would mean dinner somewhere , maybe at one of those artsy downtown restaurants he liked . 
 then again , cal had the tendency to ignore any problems between them . 
 a busy saturday night was a great time to sneak into a nightclub and go dancing . 
 both she and cal looked years older than seventeen , so it would be easy . 
 they had done it plenty of times before . 
 kali settled for the universal little black dress , halter style with a sinful neckline . 
 wearing it made her feel ten times sexier . 
 the fabric glided against her skin , complementing the sultry curves she both loved and hated at varying moments . 
 the dress had never failed to make cal drool . 
 they were breaking up , but she did n't want him to move on too quickly . 
 a pair of red and black striped heels completed the outfit . 
 she did a few turns in front of the mirror . 
 `` nice , '' she said aloud . 
 then her shoulders dropped . 
 `` why am i doing this again ? '' 
 no time to straighten her hair , kali twisted her curls into a simple up-do . 
 a ton of bobby pins made it possible . 
 starting with shadow , she lined her eyes , and applied mascara for a smoky effect . 
 throwing a few items into a clutch , she headed down the hall to her parents ' room and knocked on the door twice . 
 waiting for permission to enter was the best policy . 
 with the sex drive of a couple of twenty-year olds , barging in on greg and lisa could have meant emotional scarring for life . 
 `` come in , '' they called in unison . 
 kali stuck only her head through the door . 
 it was better if they did n't see her racy outfit . 
 kali was n't sure if lisa even knew that she owned such a revealing piece of clothing . 
 `` i wanted to let you know that i 'm going out . '' 
 they were on their laptops , each getting ready for big upcoming trials . 
 being such successful lawyers came with a price . 
 sometimes it seemed like the two of them never stopped working . 
 even when on the annual family vacation , they kept in constant contact with their offices . 
 when kali spoke , greg and lisa looked up at the same time . 
 twins could n't have been better matched . 
 `` you went out last night , '' greg said . 
 lisa nodded in agreement . 
 `` cal called . 
 he wants to talk . '' 
 greg narrowed his eyes . 
 `` as long as talking is all you do . '' 
 lisa smiled hopefully . 
 `` do you need money ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she pointed a finger in warning . 
 `` do n't be late again . '' 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 the doorbell chimed from downstairs , and lisa looked confused . 
 `` he 's already here ? '' 
 greg patted his wife 's leg . 
 `` because they knew we 'd say yes . 
 that girl could be a lawyer . 
 i do n't know why she misapplies herself . '' 
 kali said her thanks and hurriedly escaped down the stairs . 
 she got to the front door by the third chime of the bell , opening it to find her ex looking pretty fabulous on the stoop . 
 her choice of clothing had been right on the money , matching the black slacks and dress shirt cal wore . 
 kali remembered buying him the shirt for their second year anniversary . 
 she wondered what exactly he had up his sleeve . 
 he looked her up and down . 
 his eyes stopped at about chest level on the way back up . 
 `` you look amazing . '' 
 his voice sounded unnaturally husky . 
 `` it 's been less than a day and i 've already missed you . 
 i got a slow leak , kal . '' 
 taking a step forward , he wrapped one arm around her waist . 
 she stiffened slightly when he pulled her closer . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` i do n't want to fight anymore . '' 
 he kissed her . 
 she sighed as his tongue pressed into her mouth . 
 his lips moved to her bare shoulders , and her brain got a little foggy . 
 at the side of his throat , she watched a tiny pulse beat methodically . 
 the rhythm was entrancing . 
 kali squeezed her eyes shut . 
 the last time she 'd taken from him had ended in a struggle not to lose control . 
 violent thoughts had haunted her for days . 
 something about cal 's spark was too dark for her to handle . 
 maybe it was because of his past . 
 he caught her lips again , tugging her from thought . 
 his kisses became more yearning and urgent . 
 he cupped her face . 
 kali started to speak , but he pressed a finger to her lips . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 his eyes slid toward the stairs . 
 `` are your parents here ? '' 
 `` yeah , casanova , so do n't even think about it . '' 
 she patted his broad chest . 
 `` let 's go to dinner . 
 so we can talk . '' 
 `` okay . 
 let 's get out of here . '' 
 they were barely out of the neighborhood when the argument happened . 
 `` we do n't have to break up because i 'm going to college . 
 i love you and i want to make this work . '' 
 `` maybe the talking should wait until after we 've eaten . 
 i 'll be in a better mood then . '' 
 `` no . 
 let 's do this now . '' 
 his blue eyes were determined . 
 `` you 'll be done with high school in a year . 
 come and join me at the university . 
 we 'll get an apartment together . '' 
 `` i ca n't work , live with you , and focus on my studies . '' 
 `` that 's what we 're doing now . '' 
 `` we do n't live together . 
 and i would n't call this focused . 
 i 'm making b 's and c 's as greg ever so fondly reminds me . '' 
 cal nodded . 
 `` well , you would n't have to work . 
 i can take care of us . '' 
 `` fairview university does n't have my major . '' 
 he stared at her in disbelief . 
 `` you ca n't be seriously thinking about that archaeology thing ? 
 up until six months ago , you wanted to be a lawyer . 
 now you 're dedicated to digging in the dirt ? '' 
 `` you sound like my parents . 
 it 's no wonder they like you so much . '' 
 `` do n't be childish . 
 this is the rest of your life we 're talking about . 
 it 's not a time for fantasies . '' 
 she fanned her hands in the air . 
 `` are you for real ? 
 you 're going to school for an art degree . 
 ever heard the term ` starving artist ' ? 
 you 're pursuing your dream . 
 why is it so ridiculous that i follow mine ? '' 
 `` i 'm good at what i do . 
 my work is selling . 
 i have another exhibit in two weeks . 
 and having a degree would mean i could teach this to others if my paintings stopped selling . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` but you ? 
 an archaeologist ? 
 i 've never seen you pick up a shovel . 
 do you even know what one looks like ? '' 
 `` that was mean . '' 
 she sighed , tired of the argument . 
 `` why are you pushing this ? '' 
 `` it 's time for you to stop being a child , kal . 
 i need you to grow up so we can be together . '' 
 and just like that the temperature in the car increased threefold . 
 `` you 're a child . 
 you 're a child , '' she mocked his voice . 
 `` that 's all you ever say to me . '' 
 she slammed her hand against the dashboard . 
 `` i grew up knowing my parents thought i was a freak . 
 i watched my mother and father argue because she did n't think i was really their daughter . 
 she was screaming about how much i had changed and that she did n't love me anymore . 
 they both died that same night . '' 
 she stopped in a shaky , breathless pause . 
 she never spoke of her biological family . 
 the sudden outburst had apparently stunned cal into silence . 
 `` every day i deal with that pain . 
 but you do n't see it . 
 you do n't see me because you ca n't see past your own pain . 
 i 'm sorry my suffering has n't put me on the same level as you . 
 i 'm seventeen . 
 i am a child . 
 `` you think you 're so mature because you have your own apartment and a fancy car . 
 but you only live on your own because your dad would n't stop using you for a punching bag . 
 you freed yourself from him , so what ? 
 that does n't make you special . 
 at least you had a choice . '' 
 whipping the car around in a sharp u-turn , cal hit the brakes . 
 the car lurched to a violent stop . 
 cold and hard like flint , his face was drained of all emotion . 
 he reached out to touch her , but she turned away . 
 `` kalista , '' he whispered so low it was almost to himself . 
 `` i 've tried to be close to you . 
 but those we love the most ... hurt us the most . '' 
 grabbing her chin roughly , he forced her to look at him . 
 with one hand holding her tightly , he leaned over and took her mouth in his . 
 she sat rigid , refusing to kiss him back and wanting badly to slap him . 
 after a while , he stopped and met her eyes with a sad smile . 
 a distinct click came from behind . 
 cold air rushed in through the opened passenger door . 
 `` get out of my car . '' 
 `` gladly , '' she said through clenched teeth . 
 she only had one foot outside when he grabbed her wrist and yanked her back . 
 for several long and tense seconds , cal simply glared at her . 
 she could n't recall ever seeing him so hurt or so angry . 
 he revved the engine as if to speed off with her hanging halfway out of the car . 
 then his whole body jerked and he released her arm . 
 the engine returned to a normal idle . 
 even in the darkness , kali saw his face blanch . 
 `` that 's the biggest freaking dog i 've ever seen . '' 
 chapter 10 kali stared at her ex-boyfriend . 
 her anger boiled hot and she wondered what would happen to her if she drained enough spark to put him in a coma . 
 but cal 's face had gone sheet white and that piqued her curiosity . 
 dragging her glare away from him , she looked ahead at the street . 
 it was empty . 
 `` yeah , he 's huge . '' 
 `` it -- it disappeared . '' 
 making a disgusted sound , she scrambled out the car before he could grab her again . 
 `` have a nice life , cal . '' 
 rage served as an efficient internal furnace , but it was a two mile walk back to her home on a frigid night . 
 the fall wind showed no mercy . 
 it ripped through the thin material of her dress and made her shiver . 
 she wrapped her arms about her , rubbing them to generate extra warmth . 
 a few concerned neighbors stopped to offer a ride , but she waved them on . 
 kali was in no mood for prying questions or polite sympathy . 
 it was dark by the time she arrived home . 
 her feet hurt , the rest of her body was numb , and she was starving . 
 kali entered the house as quietly as possible . 
 rubbing her jaw absently , she went into the kitchen to retrieve the cordless phone . 
 a rolodex of dial and dine establishments was kept on the kitchen counter for her and rozzy to use as easy reference . 
 turning the cards was difficult because of the tremor in her hands . 
 when kali stopped on the fat italian , her stomach growled in agreement . 
 the fat italian was famous for their hot from the oven pies with garden fresh ingredients and homemade secret sauce . 
 it was impossible to find better pizza within a hundred mile radius . 
 they were kali 's favorite . 
 and they delivered . 
 on autopilot , she dialed the number and placed an order for a large mushroom and black olive pizza with extra bell peppers . 
 they promised her pie would be there in twenty-five minutes . 
 but that was a long wait for someone starving to death . 
 kali had n't eaten since breakfast . 
 she needed to distract herself until the pizza arrived . 
 mindless cable programming was just the ticket . 
 she took the heels off but went down to the basement without changing clothes . 
 rozzy 's fuzzy socks were under the sofa cushions , and the remote was nestled cozily beneath them . 
 each time rozzy touched the thing , it found a new hiding place . 
 kali left the television on the first decent channel and put the socks on her frozen feet . 
 it was n't long before she was totally absorbed in a simple tale of star-crossed lovers fighting against all odds to be together . 
 hunger forgotten , she sat on the edge of the couch with her eyes and ears glued to the screen . 
 then the doorbell rang , and kali 's stomach responded with an excited flip . 
 she hopped off the sofa and ran upstairs . 
 sliding across the floor in purple-socked feet , she barely managed to stop before body slamming into the wall . 
 as she cracked open the front door , her mouth dropped . 
 outside was the most gorgeous pizza delivery guy she had ever seen . 
 his eyes were an unworldly shade of green , like ancient chrysoprase in its rawest form . 
 they peered right through her , appearing to glow from within . 
 he was dressed simply , a black t-shirt and dark denim jeans ending in a pair of worn but comfortable looking boots . 
 she suspected he spent a lot of time on trails or in the woods . 
 discreetly nudging off the fuzzy socks , she opened the door wide . 
 it was his turn to stare breathlessly . 
 kali was glad she had n't changed . 
 `` do n't i know you ? '' 
 she tapered her voice to make it sound less accusing , `` you were at the theater last night . '' 
 he nodded slowly . 
 `` do you remember what happened ? '' 
 kali shook her head . 
 `` only bits and pieces . 
 there was a man ... '' she stopped mid-sentence and shoved back the blur of jumbled memories trying to rush forward . 
 she refused to relive those terrifying moments . 
 kali swallowed . 
 `` thank you for helping me ... and for bringing me home last night . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't get there sooner . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she lowered eyes and then lifted them again shyly . 
 `` you were great . '' 
 the stranger responded to her praise with a slow smile . 
 kali would have recognized that smile anywhere . 
 he held the pizza box up higher . 
 `` may i come in ? '' 
 she glanced over her shoulder and turned back to him . 
 `` s-sure , '' she stammered and barely remembered to step back so he could enter the house . 
 kali could n't stop watching him . 
 she gave herself a mental slap . 
 of course , the stranger was really so very hot , but she had always been cool and collected when it came to boys . 
 she was mesmerized and did n't understand why . 
 maybe it was because this was a man . 
 and there was something enthralling in the way he carried himself . 
 glamour and the most tedious grooming could n't hold a candle to the confident air that surrounded him . 
 he was a different kind of predator , one she wanted to hunt . 
 kali 's pulse fluttered erratically . 
 she did n't move as he took a few steps into the living room . 
 he turned to her expectantly . 
 `` would you like this in the kitchen ? '' 
 he gestured with the box . 
 `` uh , yeah , let me get that . '' 
 she took the pizza from him and found her voice again . 
 `` so i know two things about you . 
 you 're a fan of scary movies and you deliver pizza for a living . '' 
 he chuckled softly . 
 `` no . '' 
 not much of a talker . 
 she lifted an eyebrow . 
 `` no to one or both ? '' 
 `` both . 
 the delivery boy had just arrived when i got here . 
 so i grabbed the pizza for you . 
 i paid him of course and tipped . 
 as for the films ... '' he scanned the room , taking in every detail and design . 
 even looking at the family photographs , he did n't bat an eye at the obvious fact that her family was african-american but kali was clearly not . 
 his piercing appraisal settled onto her again . 
 `` i 've seen and experienced things far more frightening than any contrivance of the human mind . '' 
 unable to bear another second under his unflinching gaze , kali escaped into the kitchen with the pizza , setting it down on the counter . 
 get it together , kali . 
 he 's only another guy . 
 with a deep , motivating breath she spun to return to the living room and almost jumped over the counter . 
 he had moved without making a sound and stood only inches behind her . 
 `` i did n't mean to scare you . '' 
 he was eerily still . 
 his peculiar eyes watched her as if they saw everything . 
 kali slid her gaze away . 
 `` you did n't , '' she said , but her heart disagreed . 
 it was trying to pound out of her chest . 
 his heat was affecting her . 
 brain getting foggy again , kali saw his eyes flash . 
 and for a split second , the stranger seemed to be fighting against something very primal , restrained under a fragile veil of calm . 
 then his features relaxed and she thought she had imagined it . 
 `` how 'd you get this bruise ? '' 
 his fingers brushed her jaw lightly . 
 her skin tingled in the aftermath of his touch . 
 kali was confused . 
 she had no idea what he was talking about . 
 then her mind snapped back to the fight with cal . 
 she remembered why her feet and face were hurting . 
 kali had n't looked in a mirror , but evidently the ex-boyfriend had left a mark . 
 it made her furious . 
 she angled her face away from the stranger . 
 `` it 's nothing . '' 
 `` it 's something . 
 you 're upset . '' 
 he sounded worried , maybe even a little angry . 
 she was mad at cal . 
 hated the fact that now she would have to lie even more to explain things . 
 but kali did n't want his or anyone else 's pity . 
 the subject needed to be dropped . 
 `` leave it , '' she said . 
 the words came out hotter than she meant them to . 
 he took a step back , taking his warmth with him . 
 `` okay , '' he relented quietly . 
 kali regretted it immediately . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean -- '' but he held up a hand , stopping her apology . 
 `` it 's nothing . '' 
 frowning at the echo of her own words , she folded both arms across her chest . 
 then he smiled and her irritation disappeared as quickly as it had flared . 
 `` bad choice of words , i guess . 
 really , it 's okay . '' 
 trying to remember some of the manners greg and lisa had taught her , she gestured toward the box . 
 `` would you like some pizza ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i 'm not much of a vegetarian . '' 
 she opened her mouth in surprise , wondering how he knew what kind of pie she had ordered , but greg 's voice called her name anxiously from the other room ahead of his urgent footsteps . 
 he entered the kitchen from the back . 
 `` i just came from the garage and saw the darnedest thing . 
 my car is n't there . 
 why is that ? '' 
 chapter 11 the question lit a matchstick of panic . 
 kali had n't realized greg 's car was missing . 
 if the stranger had brought her home , then of course greg 's car would still be at the theater . 
 why had n't she thought of that before ? 
 she could n't admit to greg that his baby was gone . 
 he would ground her . 
 forever . 
 kali floundered . 
 `` i ... uh ... '' from behind , the stranger discreetly pressed something cold and metallic into her hand . 
 his fingers were warm , lingering against her skin for an extra moment . 
 not understanding at first , relief flooded through kali when she recognized the embossed emblem of greg 's keychain . 
 but then the panic returned full force . 
 greg 's car was a hot mess . 
 `` it 's ... at the car wash . 
 driving at night ... you hit a lot of bugs . 
 so -- so , i took it ... '' kali 's mouth had gone dry . 
 greg 's eyes narrowed suspiciously . 
 she spun around to the stranger , letting her entire face plead for help . 
 he winked . 
 then his expression changed to one of mock confusion . 
 `` that bmw out front ? 
 it looks amazing . 
 even the windows are spotless . 
 your guys at the wash got you all fixed up ... and delivered . '' 
 greg looked doubtful . 
 `` there 's a car wash in this town that delivers ? '' 
 kali gulped . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` are you asking me ? '' 
 the stranger nudged her . 
 kali nodded decisively . 
 `` yes . 
 your car looks great . '' 
 she tried to shrug casually . 
 `` i had it serviced because i know you like to keep your baby clean . '' 
 `` thanks , honey . 
 how thoughtful of you . '' 
 major concern aside , greg turned his attention to the strange man standing in his kitchen and frowned . 
 `` who is this ? '' 
 `` him ? '' 
 kali stalled . 
 she did n't know his name . 
 why do n't i know his name ? 
 `` he 's uh -- '' again the stranger came to her rescue . 
 holding out a hand that greg readily accepted , he introduced himself , `` i 'm rhane , sir . 
 i brought the pizza in . '' 
 at the mention of pizza , greg walked over to the box and lifted the lid to peer inside . 
 he scowled at the all veggie toppings . 
 `` you look a little old to be delivering pizzas . 
 are you working your way through college ? '' 
 `` not exactly , '' rhane said with an enigmatic smile . 
 `` i 'm a little too old for college . '' 
 greg grabbed a slice anyway . 
 he took a bite and kept talking around the mouthful . 
 `` it 's hard to imagine delivering pizza can pay the bills . '' 
 he looked at kali and winked . 
 `` this is good pizza . '' 
 `` greg , is it normal to interrogate the delivery guy ? '' 
 she looked at rhane apologetically . 
 `` forgive him . 
 he 's a lawyer . '' 
 `` lawyers do n't interrogate . 
 we cross examine . 
 you should know that for law school . '' 
 greg grinned . 
 `` she 's right . 
 i ca n't help myself . '' 
 he ate more of the pizza . 
 `` this would be so much better with meat . 
 next time add pepperoni . 
 and do n't tell lisa . '' 
 kali rolled her eyes . 
 `` think about it . '' 
 he patted her shoulder dismissively and turned back to rhane . 
 `` how much do we owe you for the pizza ? '' 
 `` do n't worry about it . '' 
 `` no , no . '' 
 greg insisted , pulling out a money clip from his pocket . 
 `` a guy like you ca n't afford going around giving people freebies . 
 here 's thirty bucks . 
 that should cover it and a decent tip , eh ? '' 
 kali was absolutely aghast . 
 rhane took the money . 
 `` yes sir . 
 i believe that covers it . '' 
 `` alright , then . '' 
 placing a hand on rhane 's shoulder , greg began steering him toward the living room . 
 cool night air rushed in through the opened door . 
 `` you should be wearing a jacket , son . 
 it 's cold out there . 
 and reconsider the college thing . 
 sometimes it takes more than dreaming . 
 a real man takes initiative . '' 
 rhane nodded and stepped outside . 
 `` goodbye , kalista , '' he called back to where she had stopped . 
 stuffing the bills in his pocket , he thanked greg and disappeared into the night . 
 her father came back to the kitchen for another slice of pizza . 
 `` did you know that young man ? '' 
 `` not really . '' 
 kali was staring at the door , badly wanting rhane to return . 
 `` he acted like he knew you . '' 
 `` he just brought in a pizza , greg . '' 
 `` good . 
 he 's too old for you . 
 he 's not applying himself . 
 and he 's too old to be a delivery boy . '' 
 chapter 12 kali did n't hear the alarm blaring through the house as she dreamed of the horseman again . 
 things happened exactly as they did the night before . 
 lisa came into kali 's room , her voice stirring kali awake . 
 `` why is that thing going off so early ? '' 
 kali cracked an eye open and saw the giant blue digits of the clock . 
 then she popped straight up in bed . 
 if she hauled butt , she might make it on time . 
 `` i 'm supposed to be to work at five . '' 
 `` take my car , '' lisa said . 
 `` do n't go over seventy . '' 
 kali broke a world record getting dressed . 
 completely ignoring lisa 's instructions , she drove like a madwoman and exceeded every speed limit on her way to work . 
 sunday traffic was n't bad , so kali blazed down the interstate mostly unimpeded . 
 she came upon two cars , driving side by side . 
 they had both lanes tied up , refusing to do over sixty-five in the seventy speed zone . 
 trailing behind the car in the left lane was an oversized pickup with a film of dust covering a black paint job . 
 the driver of the truck also acted a bit eager to pass . 
 with mounting frustration , kali watched her speedometer sink below sixty . 
 she stomped on the accelerator . 
 all eight cylinders came to life as the jeep roared into the left shoulder . 
 kali stared down the dumbass responsible for the delay . 
 seeing a handicapped sign hanging from the old man 's rearview mirror made her madder . 
 she jerked the steering wheel sharply , cutting off the old guy to merge back into traffic . 
 he honked his horn . 
 she laughed and extended her middle finger through the open sunroof . 
 her finger was still in salute when the jeep pitched wildly to the right . 
 kali gripped the wheel with both hands and fought for control , but the vehicle fishtailed . 
 tires were squealing . 
 more horns blared as other cars struggled to miss the careening automobile . 
 it was miraculous that she made it safely onto the shoulder . 
 kali brought the car to a complete stop , checked both mirrors , and stepped out into the emergency lane . 
 her legs were shaking . 
 the old man with the handicapped sign slowed enough to cast a meaningful glare in her direction . 
 then he gave her the finger and punched the gas . 
 the rear right tire had blown out and nearly killed her . 
 a spare rested beneath the cargo area , but kali had no idea what to do with it . 
 she dug around inside her purse for her cell phone but could n't find it . 
 emptying the contents , she searched again . 
 her stomach gave a sickened twist . 
 kali remembered leaving the phone charging on the dresser . 
 she peered down the interstate hopefully . 
 not a car was in sight . 
 clenching her teeth , she let out a frustrated groan . 
 `` mr. richards is going to kill me . '' 
 kali shoved her things aside and sank into the seat , wishing she had paid attention in shop class on the day they were taught how to change a stupid tire . 
 she was still wallowing in self-pity when the dusty pickup pulled into the emergency lane and stopped behind the jeep . 
 kali was apprehensive . 
 stories of road rage had made recent headlines . 
 she stared at the tinted windshield and tried to glimpse what she was up against . 
 do i need to lock the doors or make a run for it ? 
 if she spotted a piece of steel , lisa 's jeep was going to become a three wheeler . 
 when the driver emerged , kali knew everything was going to be okay . 
 relief and excitement surged through her at once . 
 rhane swung out of the pickup and strode down the blacktop , the morning sunlight exaggerating his near-perfect features . 
 he was a living daydream . 
 a finely tailored suit , sans the jacket , fit his tanned body like a glove . 
 the cut and line of the black fabric screamed expensive . 
 kali could have peeled him like a banana . 
 and as he walked up to her with complete disregard for her personal space , she almost had to kick herself so as to not jump his bones right there on the side of the road . 
 he smiled one of his easy smiles . 
 `` that was some driving . '' 
 she edged forward and invaded his space in return , daring him to step back . 
 they stood toe-to-toe . 
 their faces floated only inches apart . 
 while it felt good to have her confidence back , kali was surprised by how much she wanted to kiss him . 
 `` i 'm glad someone appreciated it . '' 
 `` i did n't appreciate the rude gesture . '' 
 `` that was for the old guy . '' 
 she waved her hand dismissively . 
 `` nice , '' he said , but his tone clearly meant it was n't . 
 she looked up at him with fake shyness and lowered her voice . 
 `` well , maybe you should teach me some manners . '' 
 rhane licked his lips . 
 `` my lessons can last for hours . '' 
 `` that 's great , because i 'm a slow learner . '' 
 `` i do n't believe you . '' 
 he stole the space that remained between their bodies and kissed her . 
 slow and deep , he took his time . 
 he held her neck gently , his thumb pressed into the hollow of her throat . 
 the touch held both seduction and danger . 
 warm fingertips slid beneath the soft cashmere of her sweater . 
 kali lost focus as his fingers trailed lazily across her skin . 
 the earth swayed , making her dizzy . 
 she held onto his shoulders and shuddered . 
 the kiss ended , but his hand still lay hot against her skin . 
 `` where do you keep your spare ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 kali shook her head , trying to understand . 
 grinning , he caught her lips again but not nearly for as long . 
 `` if i stand here any longer with you , it 's going to get illegal . 
 i should change that tire now . '' 
 `` oh , right . '' 
 she cleared her throat . 
 `` it 's in the rear cargo floor space . '' 
 rhane waited a beat , regarding her wordlessly . 
 then he went to retrieve the spare . 
 kali stayed put until he called her to the rear of the jeep . 
 `` kali ? '' 
 he hoisted the tire up as she came to him and set it down on the pavement . 
 `` your spare is no good . 
 i can put it on for you , and it would get you to where you 're going . 
 but you definitely wo n't make it home ... especially if you repeat another kamikaze performance . '' 
 she closed her eyes and leaned against the car . 
 `` i 'm already so late . '' 
 `` i saw an auto shop off the next exit . 
 go there and get a new tire , problem solved . '' 
 she frowned at him . 
 `` no , problem not solved . 
 i have to get to my job pronto and work on a special assignment for my boss . 
 he trusts me to be there . '' 
 `` working on a sunday ? 
 who 's your boss , mr. trump ? '' 
 rhane checked his watch and grimaced . 
 `` okay then . 
 i can drop you at work on my way in . 
 how far is it ? '' 
 kali shook her head again . 
 she felt herself getting more agitated with each suggestion . 
 `` i ca n't leave this car here ! 
 it 'll get towed to some hick wreck yard that will take days to find . '' 
 he raised one eyebrow slightly . 
 `` what 's your solution then ? '' 
 kali thought about it . 
 she had just met him but it was worth a shot . 
 `` ca n't we swap ? 
 take my car and get the tire patched or whatever . 
 i can take your nice , shiny and new truck to work and not get fired . '' 
 she flashed her most dazzling smile . 
 he looked at her like she was nuts . 
 `` you just met me . 
 what makes you think i 'll let you take my truck ? '' 
 moving toward him , kali rested one palm against his cheek . 
 his eyes were translucent in the sunlight , two seas of emerald bordered with flecks of amber . 
 she leaned in close , wanting to drown in them and nearly did so . 
 her lips brushed softly against his as she spoke . 
 `` you wo n't refuse me . '' 
 she felt him tremble . 
 a long moment passed . 
 `` i think you 're right , '' he finally said , and held up a key . 
 snagging it , kali smiled gratefully . 
 then she walked away , throwing her hips deliberately because she knew he watched her . 
 `` do n't worry , '' she called to him . 
 `` i promise to thank you later . '' 
 placing one foot on the runner , she hauled herself into the truck . 
 the dark grey leather molded to her form as sank into it . 
 kali sighed , remembering how rhane 's lips and hands felt against her body . 
 she wriggled in the seat . 
 `` you might need this , kalista . '' 
 startled , kali jumped about four inches . 
 she adjusted the shoulder belt in an attempt to hide her embarrassment . 
 her cheeks were flaming , but she found the nerve to look at him . 
 rhane was holding her purse . 
 `` oops , i almost forgot . 
 thanks . '' 
 she took the bag and started the truck . 
 the engine came to life with a purr , and the time displayed on the clock . 
 six a.m. was approaching fast . 
 she was already ridiculously late . 
 a few more minutes would n't hurt . 
 besides , kali was curious about him . 
 such a nice suit had to mean rhane had been headed somewhere . 
 and it certainly was n't to deliver pizzas . 
 `` will you be late for work ? '' 
 `` not really , it was a business meeting . '' 
 `` will you make it ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` it 's via satellite and ca n't happen without me . 
 i 'll reschedule . '' 
 she nodded , wanting to know more but lacking the time to pry . 
 she put the gear in drive but kept a foot on the brake . 
 `` how did you fix greg 's car so fast ? '' 
 `` i know a guy , '' he answered vaguely . 
 `` and i threw a lot of money at him . '' 
 `` you loaded or something ? '' 
 `` you could say so . '' 
 `` i really wish i had more time to finish this conversation . '' 
 he scratched his head . 
 `` i 'm glad you do n't , '' he said and smiled . 
 kali grinned back and was about to go , but stopped again . 
 her smile faded . 
 `` rhane ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` i usually do n't do this . 
 go around kissing strange men i 've just met . '' 
 they 're usually teenage boys , she amended silently . 
 his expression was unreadable . 
 `` i surely hope not . '' 
 he leaned into the window . 
 `` are you free tonight ? '' 
 `` ca n't wait for that thank you ? '' 
 he winked . 
 `` that , and i 'd like my nice , shiny and new truck back . '' 
 `` then it 's a date . '' 
 with an earsplitting grin pasted across her face , she pulled out into traffic . 
 looking into the rearview mirror , she noticed rhane watching her until he was a tiny dot in the distance . 
 chapter 13 kali got to mack ventures , inc. forty-five minutes late and quietly walked inside . 
 the upstairs office was empty and cold , heated by a dinosaur of a unit that took an hour to put out any warmth after being turned on . 
 there were no cubicles or walls for dividers . 
 secondhand desks and office chairs were arranged so as to promote a team environment while well-placed rugs , potted plants , and worn sofas defined the separate spaces . 
 antique flourishes and vintage décor , picked out by mack himself , gave the office an unexpectedly homey appeal . 
 two levels down housed storage for unsold artifacts found by the company . 
 it was where the real money was spent . 
 state of the art filtration systems , laser security and habitat control units were all utilized to ensure that company assets remained in pristine condition and thus retained their highest value . 
 kali loved going down to the basement to observe the pieces of hidden history that held on so tightly to their secrets . 
 it gave her a glimpse of the future she hoped to embrace after finishing college . 
 the job came with other perks , too . 
 last summer , mack had allowed her to go with the team to the argentinean coast as a junior historian . 
 her duties were very similar to what she did in the office , only the recording and translating of data actually occurred in the field . 
 and then mack had taken her on a dive . 
 shortly thereafter , kali decided the legal profession was not meant for her . 
 kali got the coffee machine going , the only thing in the office mack had invested more than fifty bucks on , and took a seat at her cluttered desk . 
 she busied herself sorting through paperwork while waiting for the computer to start up . 
 there was also a week 's worth of voicemail needing her attention . 
 sensing the presence of someone else in the room , she spun her chair around . 
 mack was looming over her desk as usual . 
 he was relatively young , three decades and a little change . 
 straight out of college , mack had turned his thirst for adventure into a paying gig . 
 and it was n't long before he 'd amassed a small fortune . 
 of average height and build , superior intelligence was the quality that put mack above the rest . 
 kali speculated that it was the same characteristic making him unsatisfied with everyone else . 
 today , his someone-pissed-in-my-cereal scowl was a lot more pronounced . 
 he glared pointedly at kali and then at the clock . 
 `` good afternoon . '' 
 she followed the look and tried not to cringe . 
 `` i know . 
 i got a flat tire right before the exit . 
 the spare was crap . 
 i 'm sorry , mr. richards . '' 
 his frown deepened . 
 `` i asked you here at five . 
 i expected you to be here ten minutes before that . 
 i did n't get to where i am today by pressing snooze . '' 
 she bit her tongue and waited for the rest of the lecture . 
 it never came . 
 instead , mack surprised her by saying , `` i 'm glad you made it in okay . 
 i did n't know behind your cute face was a brain that knew how to use a lug wrench . '' 
 kali stared at him blankly , only having a faint idea of what a lug wrench looked like . 
 `` actually , someone came along and -- '' she stopped as he tossed a thick manila envelope on her desk . 
 the package landed with a heavy thud . 
 `` i want those recorded and logged by seven . '' 
 `` no problem . '' 
 she forced a pleasant smile . 
 `` that 's my girl , '' he said gruffly , and then went to his own desk . 
 when it became obvious that mack was too busy to bother her again , kali went to the coffee pot . 
 she poured herself a cup and downed the steaming liquid quickly . 
 filling the mug again , kali went back to her desk . 
 the manila envelope was waiting . 
 she picked it up and dumped the contents . 
 every site specific was there : pictures , data logs , numbers . 
 a few things needed translating to english . 
 but legal petitions that should have been filled out and submitted to the proper authorities prior to the dig were incomplete . 
 a crucial agreement had the big red letters of denial stamped across it . 
 several entries seemed irrelevant , but that was n't unusual . 
 there was a new grad on the team . 
 kali tapped a pen thoughtfully against the desk . 
 not my problem , she decided . 
 all the snow could melt in alaska before she would confront her boss about the contents of the folder . 
 arriving late had put her on a thin ledge . 
 she was n't going to do anything to make mack shove her off . 
 for the next hour , she plugged away at the computer , compiling everything into the database as best as she could . 
 but it was more difficult than usual to navigate the data and locate necessary details to complete her reports . 
 even mack 's log entries , typically almost ritualistic in their neatness , seemed jumbled and hurried . 
 kali glanced over at mack 's desk a few times . 
 he remained absorbed in his own project . 
 then he must have noticed the extended silence from her keyboard because he swiveled his chair around . 
 kali went back to work . 
 his chair squeaked impatiently , and she lifted her head . 
 his frown was more severe than earlier . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 his tone made her hesitant . 
 `` i 'm sorting . '' 
 mack rolled his eyes in an exaggerated manner . 
 `` i do n't want you to sort . 
 i want you to record what 's there in an organized manner . '' 
 kali took a deep breath and mentally counted to ten . 
 then she calmly replied , `` there 's a lot of information here . 
 more than the usual , so it needs careful attention . '' 
 `` that 's why i asked you to come in early . '' 
 she considered her next words . 
 alaska could use a warmer climate . 
 the wildlife might even enjoy it . 
 `` maybe it would help if we went over the documents together . 
 there might have been a few legal oversights . '' 
 his reaction gave away nothing . 
 `` figure it out . 
 that 's why i keep paying you . '' 
 mack turned away . 
 taking it as a sign of dismissal , kali returned to the paperwork on her desk . 
 in ten minutes or so , the rest of the office would start to arrive . 
 then mack would have other targets to micromanage . 
 keys jingled as he left his chair and came to stand over her desk yet again . 
 kali looked at him expectantly and wondered what else she was doing wrong . 
 `` i 'm going into my office for the rest of the morning and i am not to be disturbed . 
 let everyone know when they decide to get here . 
 and send wes in . '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he nodded curtly and retreated to his main office in the more isolated section of the second level . 
 kali sagged in her chair , relieved that he was gone . 
 the room soon filled with coworkers . 
 a dozen pitiful souls , committed to working seven days a week until the busy season was over , filed in looking tired , hung over , or both . 
 instead of a clatter of chains and fetters , the whizzing time clock announced their arrival as they punched in . 
 kali returned each of their zombie-like greetings without stopping her work , until she heard the unmistakable cheeriness of a familiar voice . 
 `` good morning , all ! '' 
 the greeting came from wesley , a fairly short guy with sparkling blue eyes that could charm anything out of anyone . 
 he was lovable and friendly . 
 everyone liked him , even kali . 
 he had been a friend of her late father , remaining close after the death of her parents . 
 in fact , wes had played an integral role in the adoption . 
 he was also the office manager of mack ventures inc. , and had recommended kali for the job she currently held . 
 making his way over to her desk , wes leaned over and planted a brotherly kiss on her cheek . 
 `` good morning , kali . '' 
 `` that 's sexual harassment , '' she said with an easy smile . 
 he chuckled . 
 `` that 's only monday through friday . 
 on the weekends it 's perfectly acceptable . '' 
 he lowered his voice . 
 `` where 's the dragon ? '' 
 `` he lumbered in his office less than ten minutes ago . 
 he said to send you in . '' 
 `` great . '' 
 wes pulled a large bag of donuts from behind his back . 
 `` i brought breakfast . '' 
 he added in a loud stage whisper , `` there 's enough for the whole office so we do n't have to worry about favoritism . '' 
 several other employees looked up with smiles . 
 a few laughed . 
 shannon , a pretty blonde with legs that went on forever , gave wes the finger . 
 then everyone laughed . 
 it was all good-natured though . 
 shannon was in a perpetual love/hate , on again/off again relationship with the boss . 
 when the two were on , mack was in a noticeably less grating mood . 
 it made all their lives easier . 
 wes glanced toward mack 's office and pressed a finger to his lips . 
 the laughter died down . 
 `` everyone help yourselves to some breakfast , but please get to work . 
 or at least pretend you 're working . '' 
 he set the bag down and moved away as everyone swarmed in . 
 it took a few seconds for the donuts to disappear . 
 only the greasy bag remained , forlorn and empty on kali 's desk . 
 wes shook his head . 
 `` so much for breakfast . 
 i 'll have to buy you lunch . '' 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 it 's the thought that counts . '' 
 `` that 's something people say when they 're disappointed . 
 lunch is on me and we 're not discussing it further . '' 
 she really laughed then . 
 `` yes , sir ! '' 
 wes grinned back . 
 then his expression grew serious . 
 leaning away slightly , he slipped both hands into his pockets . 
 `` did mr. richards call you in early this morning ? '' 
 his voice had dropped again . 
 `` yeah , he wanted me to compile this report . '' 
 he looked around the room , giving the impression he did n't want anyone to overhear what was to be said next . 
 kali looked too . 
 everyone was busy . 
 `` wes , what 's going on with you ? '' 
 `` kali , put it away for now . '' 
 `` what ? 
 i have to get this done or mr. richards will be pissed . '' 
 `` he 's always pissed . 
 just leave it . 
 and we ca n't talk about it here . '' 
 she had no clue what was happening , but wes was really anxious about that particular report . 
 so she agreed to put it aside until he had a chance to explain . 
 wes relaxed then . 
 `` great . 
 i 'll find you at lunch . '' 
 he left , and kali shifted her attention to other things . 
 her desk was an organized mess , the drop zone for everyone else 's slack . 
 during the middle of the busy season , it was n't uncommon for edits from the office 's two historians to fall through the cracks . 
 due to her efficiency and low error rate , kali 's desk had become a sort of unofficial safety net situated directly beneath those fissures . 
 in front of her were stacks of files needing typed updates and addendums . 
 she threw herself into the work and kept her mind off wes 's odd request . 
 lunch would come soon enough . 
 at about twenty minutes before twelve , shannon came by . 
 in grad school and proud of it , shannon 's position was a part of an internship from an out of state college . 
 she was smart . 
 but snooty , self-entitled slut described her better . 
 today , the intern was dressed to resemble a prep school pinup . 
 she gave her blonde hair a toss and sat right on the edge of kali 's workspace . 
 kali glanced at her briefly . 
 for blonde hair to be a recessive gene , the office sure is crawling with it . 
 shannon was n't very attractive from the neck up . 
 but her body was killer . 
 she knew it and dressed to keep the guys looking . 
 standing up , her skirt had been too short . 
 seated , it was criminal . 
 kali glued her eyes to the monitor and kept typing . 
 it never took shannon long to get to the point . 
 the girl would n't have known subtlety even if someone tied the adjective to a brick and hit her in the face with it . 
 `` you were called in early this morning . '' 
 from that statement , kali already knew what direction the conversation would take . 
 during the first summer she started , shannon had developed the mistaken idea that she and kali were rivals . 
 a one-sided competition for mack 's praise and attention had been ongoing ever since . 
 but kali was determined to be mature and respectful . 
 interns were important to the office . 
 `` what do you want , shannon ? '' 
 she asked politely . 
 flipping her hair again , shannon shifted . 
 the material of the skirt slid further up her long legs . 
 bobby from accounting was on his way to the copy machine and stepped into the trashcan because he was gawking so hard . 
 kali suppressed a laugh as papers flew everywhere and the man sprawled onto the floor . 
 the intern leaned in closer . 
 `` are you and mack working on some special project ? '' 
 `` um ... '' kali edged away from the boobs that strained against shannon 's too small cotton blouse and vest combo . 
 `` no . 
 nothing i know of . '' 
 `` people are saying he 's planning to take you to meet with a private collector . '' 
 she had no idea what her coworker was talking about , and made her face as blank as possible to express that fact . 
 shannon missed the hint or ignored it . 
 so kali stated it plainly , `` i really do n't know what you are talking about . '' 
 `` you do n't have to be cagey . 
 you 're a glorified secretary . 
 why would he need you on this project ? 
 the deal has already been made . '' 
 `` maybe he needs my help to take notes . '' 
 she cast a meaningful look at shannon 's outfit and smirked . 
 `` strippers do n't usually spell too great . '' 
 the phone at her desk rang , picking up overflow from the department for inquiries . 
 kali reached out to grab it . 
 `` excuse me . 
 i have to get back to work now . 
 shannon slid off the desk and pulled her skirt down . 
 the material rebounded as soon as her hands left . 
 raising her chin , shannon sauntered off with an exaggerated sway . 
 kali gazed after the intern in wonder , and then glanced around on the floor for the rest of the marbles that must have fallen out of the blonde 's head . 
 wes appeared at her desk a few minutes later to collect her for lunch . 
 there was a sandwich deli situated a few blocks down from the office . 
 they walked to it and did n't say much . 
 from the silence , kali knew something was weighing heavily on wes 's mind . 
 his mood only watered the worry already seeded during their last chat . 
 he abruptly broke the silence . 
 `` what happened to your face ? '' 
 surprised by the question , kali automatically angled her chin away from him and felt her cheeks blush . 
 thinking of her fight with cal again , her jaw clenched ... so tightly the bruise began to throb . 
 `` are you still seeing that guy ? '' 
 unlike greg and lisa , wes had never been a fan of her relationship with cal . 
 it was as if wes saw past the charm and did n't like what was beneath . 
 and he did n't try to hide his distaste . 
 `` no . 
 we 're done . 
 and this is the last time . '' 
 `` because of the bruise or is it why you got the bruise ? '' 
 `` wes , i know you do n't like cal . 
 but do n't judge him because of his abusive past . 
 he overcame that . 
 he 's not a monster . '' 
 `` maybe not now , but he 's capable of it . 
 one look at your face proves that . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` last night was the first and last time he ever laid a hand on me . '' 
 they walked a bit further . 
 `` okay , '' he said . 
 they reached the restaurant and seated themselves after placing an order . 
 the meal arrived and was halfway eaten before kali gave in and asked for the second time , `` what 's going on ? '' 
 the sandwich was almost to wes 's mouth , but he placed it back in the basket . 
 he ran both hands through his pale blond hair before speaking . 
 `` i 'm not sure . '' 
 `` you got ta do better than that . '' 
 she leaned back in the chair and waited . 
 `` the file you 're working on , its entries are from the team 's last project near the mongolian and chinese border . 
 mr. richards went there to retrieve an item for a private dealer . '' 
 `` what sort of item ? '' 
 `` a rare statue ... and it looks as if this dealer paid a large sum of money for the job . '' 
 `` sounds like business as usual . 
 what 's the big deal ? '' 
 `` our permits and licenses give us clearance in many areas . 
 other places grant us permission by request , but some zones are off limits . 
 mr. richards took the item from one of those zones . '' 
 `` so he stole it ? '' 
 wes shook his head . 
 `` it 's more likely that someone else stole the statue and our boss bought it third party . '' 
 she lowered her voice to a whisper . 
 `` you mean off the black market ? '' 
 this time he nodded . 
 `` i know you 've noticed how some of the data you 're working with is completely irrelevant and some of it does n't match at all . 
 maybe a few legal loopholes were found ? '' 
 `` yeah , but besides the fact that it 's my job to compile the records , what does this have to do with me ? 
 i 'm a weekend secretary . 
 if mr. richards is dealing in the black market and wants to go to prison , it 's not my problem . 
 i could have pleaded ignorance up until a minute ago . '' 
 `` for some reason this dealer has requested you to be with mr. richards to deliver the relic . '' 
 kali frowned in puzzlement . 
 `` the client asked specifically for me ? 
 how does he , assuming it is a he , even know me ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , kali . 
 something does n't feel right about this whole thing . '' 
 she folded her arms . 
 she had known wes for a long time . 
 `` why do i get the feeling there 's more you 're not telling me ? '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 but i ca n't tell you ... not until i fully understand it all myself . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 she considered it and decided to trust him . 
 `` so what am i supposed to do until then ? 
 should i agree to go and act like it 's any other summer trip i 've taken with the company ? '' 
 `` i ca n't tell you to go . '' 
 `` should i refuse ? '' 
 he hesitated . 
 `` act surprised when mr. richards asks . 
 you should n't know any of what i just told you . 
 he 'll possibly approach you at the end of today . '' 
 kali chewed her bottom lip , mulling over the implications of what wes had revealed . 
 the fact that he was worried made her anxious . 
 `` i did n't mean to upset you , kali . '' 
 he reached over , placing a hand on her arm . 
 `` i 'm sure everything will be fine . '' 
 `` okay ... and thanks for telling me all this . '' 
 his expression became pensive . 
 `` you 're seventeen now , are n't you ? '' 
 `` my birthday was a few months ago . '' 
 `` how does it feel ? '' 
 `` it feels the same as sixteen . '' 
 `` no bad dreams ? '' 
 `` only of third eye zits and teenage boys . '' 
 she tried not to think of being chased by terrifying wolves and the dark horseman . 
 `` what about blackouts or trouble remembering things ? '' 
 kali scowled . 
 the question had hit close to home . 
 `` no , '' she lied again . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he answered with a dismissive nod and an abrupt subject change . 
 `` how are greg and lisa ? '' 
 and for the rest of lunch the conversation was of everyday , mundane things . 
 it was one more day of normalcy before things would begin to spin out of control . 
 chapter 14 the terrain was gradually getting worse on the barely maintained road that cut through an isolated wilderness . 
 traveling much faster than the recommended speed limit , rhane kept an eye on the sinking sun . 
 for reasons he was n't sure of , the approaching darkness summoned a ripple of unease through his gut . 
 he scanned the surroundings constantly . 
 for miles , he had n't seen anything except open pastures grazed by cows and horses . 
 a few trees occasionally punctuated the landscape . 
 the asphalt disappeared and became a dirt road , causing the suv 's suspension to rock and jar as it covered the uneven topography . 
 the vehicle had been designed for rough off-road excursions , but maybe not at such a high rate of speed . 
 rhane eased off the accelerator . 
 he had to be careful with this one . 
 kali had n't gotten the whole story about greg 's bmw . 
 there had n't been enough time to fix everything , especially the ruined leather . 
 rhane had actually ended up buying an identical vehicle and then paying a mechanic to the forge the mileage and vin number . 
 but with that handled , he was free to dispose of the body in the tool-box . 
 in three days , a bath of lime and hydrochloric acid would have the problem eliminated . 
 rhane 's sharp vision made out an odd change in the road ahead . 
 the right lane and most of the left were severely deteriorated . 
 heavy rains had dug out a crater six feet across and several inches deep . 
 he braked , swerving to avoid a direct hit . 
 the vehicle jolted violently as the right tires clipped the crater 's jagged edges . 
 he hit the gas , letting his reflexes guide the jeep out of a fishtail . 
 he glanced back at the half-eaten highway and made a mental note to return with a tractor to level the bad patch out . 
 as he brought his eyes forward again , a large black mass streaked into his field of vision . 
 he slammed down the brakes . 
 the vehicle lurched , but continued forward in a controlled skid . 
 dust kicked up by the tires reduced visibility to zero . 
 the suv had almost come to a complete stop when he felt the front bumper collide with whatever was standing in the road . 
 rhane shoved the gear to park and exited in one smooth motion . 
 rounding the front , he found himself staring at empty ground . 
 he went to the passenger side . 
 nothing there either . 
 rhane frowned . 
 he definitely had n't felt that special bump of a furry little animal being flattened . 
 dropping to one knee , he peered beneath the suv . 
 instantly recognizing the breed , rhane froze . 
 the animal 's coat was dark and blended perfectly with afternoon shadows cast between the silhouettes of the tires . 
 he could tell it was watching him with the same intensity he observed it . 
 he also knew that despite its large size , the canine was half-grown . 
 `` where 'd you come from ? '' 
 rhane flattened himself against the ground and eased forward . 
 he could n't smell or see any blood , but internal injuries were a possibility . 
 common sense said not to corner something injured , beast or human . 
 so he approached from an angle to give the animal plenty of space to escape if it felt threatened . 
 but the canine remained where it was . 
 rhane stopped moving when only a foot separated them . 
 a low sound came from its throat , practically a whisper . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 there was no way to miss you . '' 
 as the canine crept toward the reassuring tones of his voice , rhane kept speaking . 
 `` i want to make sure you 're alright . '' 
 when it came close enough to be touched , rhane stretched out his hand . 
 his fingers had nearly reached the thick coat of fur when the canine bared its teeth , growling fiercely . 
 he backed off at once . 
 easing away until he emerged from beneath the suv , rhane immediately spotted another vehicle approaching from the opposite direction he had come . 
 he leaned against the door and waited . 
 the dark pickup slowed as it neared him , gradually rolling to stop . 
 `` department of natural resources '' was written in block lettering across the door panels . 
 blacked out windows mirrored a cloudless azure sky behind rhane 's impassive countenance . 
 the driver 's window rolled down and revealed the face of a man young enough to be in college . 
 unfortunate features , long and sharply angled like a large bird of prey , gave him a much older appearance . 
 his eyes were so narrow and black ; they seemed fixed in a permanent glare . 
 rhane was reminded of a suspicious hawk . 
 `` are ya havin ' some trouble , sir ? '' 
 even the officer 's voice was sharp , managing to clip words spoken in a southern drawl . 
 rhane glanced at the name badge . 
 jackson . 
 `` no . 
 everything is fine here . '' 
 the officer continued to glare , obviously waiting for further explanation . 
 rhane was silent . 
 `` what 's your name , sir ? '' 
 jackson asked gruffly . 
 `` harvey , wilfred harvey , '' rhane lied easily , giving his current alias in case any further inquiries were made . 
 he extended a hand to soften the coarse introduction . 
 there was noticeable hesitation , but jackson shook it . 
 `` mr. harvey , ya mind telling me why you 're standing in tha middle of tha road ? '' 
 `` i clipped a pretty nasty pothole about a quarter of a mile back . 
 thought it was a good idea to stop and check for damage . '' 
 the officer leaned out his window , surveying the road ahead as if to verify the story . 
 he looked back at rhane . 
 `` did ya find any ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` well , i 'm going to have to ask ya to move it along then . 
 this here is private property . '' 
 rhane blinked . 
 `` yeah , it 's private . 
 it 's also mine . '' 
 jackson regarded him with a critical eye . 
 `` holsenbeck hall has been vacant for years . 
 rumor was tha last owner would n't sell . '' 
 `` no one had made the right offer . '' 
 jackson 's frown deepened . 
 `` a pretty city bred thing like you will never make it out in these parts . '' 
 wondering why people around here kept calling him pretty , rhane mustered up an affable grin . 
 he was going to keep things civil . 
 `` officer , you 're doing a fine job keeping my land safe . 
 do n't let me hold you from other business . '' 
 jackson 's gaze drifted away to the tree line on his right . 
 `` i was serious about that warning . 
 there 's something bad in these woods . 
 been tracking it for a few days . '' 
 a cold and wet nose bumped against rhane 's ankle . 
 he shifted his foot away , having nearly forgotten about the animal hiding beneath the jeep . 
 the canine nudged him more persistently and whimpered faintly . 
 `` what kind of animal did you say it was ? '' 
 the young man 's eyes were suddenly frightened . 
 `` you would n't believe me if i told you . '' 
 chapter 15 those who served with the department of natural resources had the reputation of being great outdoorsmen as well as by-the-book-mean law enforcement . 
 trained to deal with threats ranging from armed poachers to black bears and mountain lions , it took a lot to spook one of them . 
 that in itself was enough to pique rhane 's interest . 
 `` try me , '' he said . 
 jackson hesitated . 
 then he shook his head . 
 `` probably been watchin ' one too many monster movies . 
 if you have a gun i suggest you keep it with ya ... especially at night . '' 
 he held up his left hand . 
 it was heavily bandaged . 
 `` shoot first . 
 wait until morning to find out whatcha killed . '' 
 rhane nodded , hoping the officer 's words did n't explain the uneasy feeling he 'd gotten earlier . 
 `` thanks for the warning . '' 
 he added as jackson put the truck in gear , `` keep an eye on that wound . 
 animals tend to carry nasty diseases . '' 
 jackson nodded curtly and hit the accelerator . 
 the pickup sped off , leaving a cloud of dust in its wake . 
 rhane did n't move until it was well out of sight . 
 `` i can see why you would hide from him . '' 
 he looked down . 
 the large canine was sitting at his feet , waiting expectantly . 
 its expression was grateful . 
 rhane shrugged . 
 `` as long as you 're not the monster that bit him . '' 
 the canine turned its head to stare at the surrounding forest . 
 then it looked back at rhane . 
 `` okay , then something else is out there . 
 great . '' 
 he opened the door of the suv . 
 `` are you coming or not ? '' 
 without hesitation , the canine bounded inside and moved over respectfully into the passenger seat . 
 rhane climbed in behind it and started the engine , glancing at his new charge . 
 the animal returned his look with its own steady gaze . 
 `` i guess we ca n't start a good relationship based on a lie . 
 i 'm rhane from the line of whytetree . '' 
 he grinned and loosened his tie , tossing it into the backseat . 
 `` but i think you may have already known that . '' 
 the canine relaxed even more and settled into the seat . 
 placing two large paws on the window seal , it stared out at the countryside . 
 rhane nodded . 
 `` tell me who you are when you 're ready . '' 
 he gunned the accelerator . 
 the estate was six miles ahead and he was pressed for time . 
 things on the freeway had sidetracked him . 
 the satellite meeting had to be pushed back a few hours . 
 rhane was relieved it had still happened . 
 although his liaison remained as shifty as ever , things were on track . 
 the deal had held . 
 a little piece of the past would soon be his again . 
 since kalista did n't seem to remember him or anything else , he was absolutely going to need it . 
 # wes had been right about one thing . 
 mack did come for her at the end of the day . 
 by five , most everyone had gone home . 
 kali and a few others stayed behind to finish assignments that could n't wait until morning . 
 shannon was there too , but kali suspected the intern 's main motivation for staying was to make sure a lowly high school kid did n't overshadow her . 
 every now and then , kali glanced up and saw shannon staring from across the room with an unfriendly expression . 
 kali suppressed a smile . 
 outlast and outstay . 
 the game would have to go on a while longer . 
 there was a large pile of papers to be tackled before she called it quits . 
 the manila file , left untouched since the morning , caught her eye . 
 maybe wes meant for her not to work on it with everyone else around . 
 kali reached for the file and was about to open it but stopped when she heard mack 's voice . 
 déjà vu from the morning , he again stood right behind her . 
 `` i need to see you in my office . '' 
 without waiting for a response , he turned and walked away . 
 kali followed . 
 she could feel shannon 's eyes boring holes into her back , aimed dead center at her heart . 
 she risked a casual glance over her shoulder and witnessed a look of uncensored animosity . 
 weird . 
 such hostility was a bit intense , even for shannon . 
 shaking off the ill feeling , kali went to see what new favor the boss expected of her . 
 down the hall , mack impatiently held the door open . 
 he closed it with a thud as soon as kali entered . 
 `` have a seat , little girl . '' 
 she did , and he took a seat beside her instead of in his own custom chair that was covered in slink leather . 
 okay , something huge is about to happen . 
 `` how was work today , not too busy ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` busy is good . '' 
 `` that 's right . 
 you 're a smart girl and a good worker . 
 keep it up and i 'll be recommending you for the davidson founder internship next summer . '' 
 wow . 
 that internship was only the most sought after award for aspiring archaeology students . 
 each year , four teenagers were selected to study abroad during the months of summer . 
 having the right connections and credibility among influential contributors was the only way to get a foot in the door for a recommendation . 
 kali expressed her gratitude somewhat breathlessly . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` did you get the report finished ? '' 
 she hesitated . 
 mack had dangled such a tasty carrot . 
 she did n't want him to snatch it away . 
 `` no . 
 i did n't , '' she admitted without offering excuse or apology . 
 mack was full of surprises . 
 `` that 's alright . 
 i know you 'll get it done perfectly . '' 
 he waited a few beats and then went on . 
 `` i 'm meeting with a very important client soon , and i need your help . '' 
 kali remembered wes 's counsel and feigned complete ignorance . 
 `` what do you need my help with ? '' 
 `` i want you to come with me to meet the client . 
 he 's a private collector much like myself ... '' mack 's voice trailed off as though he were reconsidering his words . 
 `` i need you there as an assistant . 
 you 'll be paid time and a half for the entire trip and have access to the company expense account . '' 
 calm on the outside , inside kali was an excited bundle of nerves . 
 any chance to join him in the field was a welcomed opportunity . 
 she took a breath . 
 `` i 'd have to get permission from my parents to take the time off from school . '' 
 `` this will only take a few days . 
 i 've planned it as an extended weekend two weeks from today . 
 we 'll leave on thursday afternoon and return the following monday . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 kali smiled in excitement . 
 `` i 'm available to speak with your parents personally if they have any questions . '' 
 mack held the door open . 
 their little meeting was over . 
 `` thank you , kali , for all your hard work . 
 go home now . 
 whatever you 're finishing can wait until morning . '' 
 still smiling , kali got up and left without argument . 
 after ten hours at the office , going home sounded like a great idea . 
 she also had a date . 
 # there was barely any daylight left when rhane arrived at his new home . 
 the lot was spacious enough . 
 its two dozen rooms and over a hundred acres of land covered in dense woods suited his purposes . 
 from the backseat of the suv , he retrieved a bag . 
 it held the only possessions he carried . 
 rhane preferred to travel light . 
 he stood out front and surveyed the aging estate that rested upon a hill like an ancient monolith . 
 though impressive in size by modern standards , even dusk could n't hide the toll years of neglect had taken . 
 stucco moldings decorating the doors and windows were cracked . 
 white paint peeled away from the base of the columns . 
 some years ago , unfinished renovations on the fourth story had added wraparound skylights , leaving the upper realms of the mansion in much better condition than the two lower levels . 
 it made a striking contrast between modern and classical architecture . 
 born of the plains , rhane liked to sleep beneath the stars and did n't mind the unusual design . 
 at the same time , he had a strong desire to unite the opposing styles . 
 the inside of the mansion was filled with furniture and paintings dating from the early 1900s . 
 rhane did n't particularly care for the décor , but it would do for the time being . 
 the lights were n't on due to an oversight by the electric company . 
 a flashlight proved to be invaluable . 
 he could n't rely on a cold trail of half-century old smells to guide him . 
 locating a supply of candles in the kitchen cabinets , rhane dug a lighter out of his pocket and went to work . 
 a few times , he caught sight of the canine moving soundlessly throughout the house , conducting its own exploration . 
 it paused to watch him climb the main staircase that wound upward in a delicate curve . 
 at the end of it was the master bedroom . 
 the hardwood floors were in decent shape but seeing the hideous wallpaper , even by candlelight , made rhane wince . 
 the work of remodeling would start there . 
 like in every other room in the house , the furniture was draped . 
 he pulled the sheet from a king-sized bed and strategically exhaled as an inch of dust lifted into a cloud and filled the entire room . 
 rhane decided to leave the rest of the furniture covered . 
 he did n't want to risk a total compromise of the air supply . 
 he tossed the large black duffel on the bed and sat down . 
 he quickly stood again and began unpacking clothes , toiletries , a few books , and a desert eagle pistol in brushed chrome finish . 
 he opened the clip . 
 bane silver glowed bluish-green in the dim light . 
 he placed it and four cartons of fifty caliber bullets to the side . 
 then he fished out the only thing left inside the duffel -- a medium-sized envelope containing passports , credit cards , driver 's licenses , and birth certificates that made each identity unique and valid . 
 rhane selected the documents related to wilfred harvey 's identity and tucked the rest inside the envelope . 
 then he slid the envelope into the back of a large frame and remounted the picture on the wall . 
 chapter 16 before kali left the office , she grabbed the manila file , intending to slip it into her messenger bag when she was sure no one was looking . 
 unfortunately , the messenger bag was still missing . 
 it was going to be a big problem on monday when she returned to class . 
 she honestly could n't recall if there 'd been any weekend assignments . 
 her memory was spotty on the matter of deadlines and homework , which was the main culprit behind the b 's that greg constantly chided her to improve . 
 kali tucked the file under arm and exited the building without being spotted . 
 mack wanted the project finished immediately . 
 but he had instructed her to go home promptly . 
 if he was seriously thinking of recommending her for the davidson founder internship , kali did n't want to do or not do anything to jeopardize that . 
 taking the file was the easiest remedy she could think of . 
 preferring not to have to explain why the delivery guy was there sans a pizza and driving lisa 's car , kali hoped neither of her parents would be home when she arrived . 
 a little late , the thought occurred to call rhane and see if it were possible to meet someplace else . 
 then kali realized she did n't have his number . 
 oh well . 
 his truck was in great shape and would be excellent collateral for lisa 's few years older suv . 
 all of the lights were off when she turned into the driveway . 
 that usually meant the ` rents were n't home . 
 parking the truck at the curb , kali checked the garage . 
 it was empty . 
 jumping up , she clicked her heels together and dashed inside . 
 it was weird being so pumped up about a date . 
 she had n't been excited about a guy in long time . 
 come to think of it , kali was n't sure if she had ever been excited about a guy . 
 granted , rhane was slightly older than the average boy she was accustomed to . 
 maybe their age difference was the source of her thrill . 
 and he was sort of mysterious . 
 that did n't hurt either . 
 fresh off the breakup with cal , kali could n't ignore the possibility that she was simply on the rebound . 
 tearing through the drawers of her dresser , she started by selecting the appropriate undergarments . 
 lace . 
 strings . 
 black . 
 check . 
 then she pulled out an outfit worthy of first date status . 
 not ten minutes later , the doorbell chimed . 
 her blood buzzed with anticipation as she dashed down the stairs . 
 she was barely able to settle into a dignified walk as she answered the door . 
 rhane looked up from the stoop , pinning her with his unusual eyes . 
 `` good evening . '' 
 a familiar numbness possessed her brain , and kali anxiously searched for the right response . 
 `` hi , '' she managed . 
 `` you look nice . '' 
 `` so do you . '' 
 oh boy does he . 
 she opened the door wide , and he accepted the unspoken invite . 
 all his heat entered with him as he stepped inside , shielding her from the wind of the chilly night . 
 he moved past her , brushing his lips against her cheek as he did . 
 suddenly , kali was very hungry . 
 her fingers itched to touch him , to feel his life trace through her veins . 
 his spirit was strong , and it was calling to her . 
 the rest of the world muted around that voice . 
 kali exhaled . 
 less than two days had passed since she had taken from trevor , and yet she 'd been fighting hunger since friday night . 
 why is this happening ? 
 rhane 's voice broke through the haze . 
 `` is everything alright ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 she shook her head clear . 
 `` everything is fine . 
 i have to go upstairs and get my bag . 
 wait here . 
 i 'll be right back . '' 
 `` do n't forget your shoes . '' 
 she glanced down at her bare feet . 
 `` right . 
 shoes . '' 
 kali returned to find rhane standing exactly as she had left him . 
 `` all ready ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he eyed her bag warily . 
 `` that one is even bigger than the last one i saw you with . '' 
 she patted her purse proudly . 
 `` i can fit everything i need in here . '' 
 `` or just everything , '' he muttered and pulled the door closed behind them . 
 `` hey , it 's practical . '' 
 `` i was n't judging . 
 how many of those things do you have ? '' 
 her face fell into a pout . 
 `` one less now . 
 i lost a bag on friday . '' 
 `` purple leather ? '' 
 her eyes widened in surprise . 
 `` yes . 
 how did you know ? '' 
 he shrugged and pointed . 
 she followed his finger to where the bag in question sat leaning against the garage door . 
 it had n't been there earlier . 
 kali narrowed her eyes in suspicion . 
 `` did you find it ? '' 
 rhane held both palms spread wide in a gesture of innocence and shook his head . 
 `` ca n't claim that one , i just saw it . '' 
 kali went to the bag , looking around before picking it up . 
 `` but how -- i dropped this in the woods two days ago . '' 
 `` what were you doing in the woods ? '' 
 rhane asked as he came up behind her . 
 she noticed him sniffing the bag . 
 at least she thought she did . 
 a strange look came over his face . 
 `` i was taking a shortcut . 
 do you mind pulling the jeep into the garage while i put this in the house ? '' 
 `` no problem . '' 
 a few minutes later they were both situated inside the pickup with its rightful owner behind the wheel . 
 `` so where are we headed ? 
 i hazard a guess that you already have somewhere in mind . '' 
 `` actually , i do , '' she answered with measured secrecy . 
 `` take a left out of the subdivision to get on the highway . 
 there 's a special spot i like to go to . 
 it 's about thirty minutes away . '' 
 rhane signaled the left blinker . 
 `` and what are we doing in this special spot ? '' 
 `` what if i said i want to go to ridge lake for an evening swim ? '' 
 `` i 'd say it 's too cold and dark to be swimming . 
 and neither of us have suits . '' 
 `` i have a suit . '' 
 `` oh . 
 that only leaves me waterlogged in blue jeans then . '' 
 `` take those off . 
 you do n't need a suit . '' 
 `` i do n't ? '' 
 `` you have a great body . 
 i want to see it . '' 
 by light from the occasional streetlamp , she witnessed a smile playing at the corners of his mouth . 
 `` that still leaves the dark and cold . '' 
 `` i 'll keep you safe and warm . '' 
 he laughed softly . 
 the sound went beautifully with his smile . 
 # rhane stood fully clothed at the water 's edge only half distracted by the sight of kalista in extremely flattering swimwear . 
 the surface was dark . 
 no light from the moon reflected across the water . 
 his keen vision made the best of what available illumination there was from the stars . 
 at that particular moment , he sincerely wished kalista was n't afflicted with memory loss . 
 otherwise , she would n't have subjected him to this mocking form of torment . 
 she linked her hand in his and tugged gently . 
 his steps were hesitant , but rhane allowed himself to be led to the water , to the black mantle of frigid darkness waiting to enshroud him . 
 slender but deft fingers had his shirt halfway unbuttoned before he could drag his eyes away from the murky lake . 
 `` why are you still dressed ? 
 i 'm beginning to feel shy . '' 
 `` do n't be . '' 
 he slipped his arms about her waist and kissed her neck . 
 `` i 'm just not so anxious to get caught with my pants down in fifty degree weather . 
 the water is at least ten degrees colder . '' 
 in reality , temperatures could drop below freezing before he 'd be affected . 
 `` i love the water . '' 
 pushing away from him , she turned and ran splashing into the lake . 
 he took his time , appreciating the generous view of her perfect backside . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 she coaxed . 
 `` it 's perfect . '' 
 with a relenting sigh , he shrugged out of his clothing and left it all on the ground beside his boots . 
 then he joined her in the water . 
 `` this is how all good horror movies begin ... two naked people in the woods . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` we 're not naked and this is n't the woods . '' 
 `` it 's close enough . '' 
 `` i promised to keep you safe . '' 
 he found the statement quite charming . 
 `` and how do you plan on doing that ? '' 
 `` i 've won three state lifeguard competitions with the most saves and the fastest . 
 the water is my second home . 
 there 's probably a hidden set of gills on my body somewhere . '' 
 rhane smiled . 
 `` well , i guess i 'm in capable hands . '' 
 `` you are . 
 now let 's swim to the opposite shore . '' 
 she took off . 
 her body cut through the water like a mammal designed to live there , leaving barely a disturbance in her wake . 
 rhane was a great swimmer , but it was n't easy to keep pace . 
 good thing he was content to swim behind her . 
 watching the rhythm of her graceful stroke was soothing . 
 toward the middle of the lake , she pulled up short and effortlessly treaded water until he reached her position . 
 `` tell me something about you , '' she said . 
 this was the part that worried him . 
 he would have to be careful . 
 `` what would you like to know ? '' 
 `` everything . 
 you 've suddenly walked into my life and i know nothing about you . 
 but it feels like i 've met you before . 
 it feels like you know me too . '' 
 `` everything may be a lot for our first date . 
 let 's start off easy . '' 
 `` okay . 
 i 'm listening . '' 
 `` i 'm not a pizza boy . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` that much i knew . 
 tell me where you 're from . '' 
 `` i 've lived everywhere . 
 though my family traces its lineage all the way back to a people who lived in plains shadowed by the golden mountains . '' 
 `` wow . 
 that 's near the gobi , right ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` are your parents living ? '' 
 `` i have n't seen them in a long time . 
 but i have not received word of their deaths . '' 
 even to him , his voice sounded distant and grim . 
 observing her face , rhane wondered if she had sensed his sadness . 
 for a moment no one said anything , and he noticed the night had grown silent around them , except for the sound of lapping waves . 
 `` my parents died in an accident , '' she volunteered . 
 `` how old were you ? '' 
 `` eight . '' 
 her faced closed , probably shutting off painful memories . 
 `` sometimes i ca n't help thinking it was a good thing . '' 
 what does she remember ? 
 there were things he needed to know but not at the expense of causing her pain . 
 `` it 's alright . 
 i wo n't ask you anything else about them . '' 
 she visibly relaxed . 
 he could tell she was already considering her next move . 
 `` i want to show you something . '' 
 before he could reply , her head slid beneath the water and disappeared into wet darkness . 
 chapter 17 seconds ticked away and then minutes . 
 kalista did not resurface . 
 but it was n't her that he worried about . 
 he already knew she was capable of holding her breath for inhumanly long periods of time . 
 wait until she figures out she can breathe underwater . 
 what worried rhane was the unnatural silence that had descended upon the nearby forest . 
 the night was n't supposed to be silent ... especially to his heightened senses . 
 he was relieved when kalista bobbed to the surface behind him . 
 she was n't even gasping for air . 
 `` how long was that ? '' 
 `` barely over seven minutes . 
 impressive . '' 
 `` impressive ? '' 
 she swam closer . 
 `` the world record is for six and a half minutes . '' 
 `` then it 's very impressive . '' 
 he looked around , surveying the shore . 
 keeping his voice natural was n't too difficult despite the growing sense of unease he felt . 
 it was , however , harder to maintain composure with her body pressed against his . 
 an involuntary shiver rippled through him . 
 `` you 're cold ? 
 that 's cute . '' 
 `` it 's not that at all . '' 
 taking her face in both hands , he kissed her lips softly . 
 she yielded to his touch as the heat built between them . 
 tiny ripples became miniature waves , shoved across the water by gusting wind . 
 the smell accompanying it prompted him to action . 
 he moved away from her . 
 `` we need to go , kalista . '' 
 `` stay with me . '' 
 she kissed him again , slower and deeper . 
 her hands were busy beneath the water , tracing a line down his abs , teasing circles near his navel . 
 she reached lower , and a groan escaped from his lips . 
 `` we really need to go , '' he said . 
 `` why ? '' 
 she held onto him as he began paddling back to the shore . 
 all he needed was for her to hang on . 
 he did n't mind doing the rest . 
 `` let 's take this someplace else . '' 
 `` i like it here . '' 
 he kept swimming , aiming to keep things light . 
 `` i do n't want a candiru parasite trespassing in my private property . '' 
 `` that 's only a risk if you 're peeing in the amazon . '' 
 `` you 're smart . 
 i like that . '' 
 `` you 're funny . 
 i like that . '' 
 `` i 'm also very , very hungry . 
 you know guys have a one-track mind . 
 once we set our sights on something , it 's tunnel vision from there on out . '' 
 his efforts brought them to the edge of the lake . 
 the scent he caught earlier had faded . 
 but that did n't diminish the feeling of urgency . 
 `` i 'd invite you back to my house but it 's not suited to receive visitors right now . '' 
 `` where do you live anyway ? '' 
 `` not far from here , in hunter 's valley . '' 
 `` i want to see it . '' 
 `` you will . '' 
 he waded into shallow water and held on firmly to her hand , guarding her from a loss of footing as they climbed up the bank . 
 `` studio apartment or town house ? '' 
 a shadowy figure darted about just beyond the tree line , robbing his attention briefly . 
 someone or something was watching them . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` your home . '' 
 he dragged his focus back to her . 
 `` neither . '' 
 he scanned the trees again . 
 their visitor was gone . 
 `` so where are we eating ? '' 
 `` i could go for some chinese . '' 
 `` good . 
 i know the perfect spot . '' 
 `` you like chinese ? '' 
 `` it should have its own food pyramid . '' 
 he grabbed one of the towels she had packed and tossed it to her . 
 `` nice butt , '' she said . 
 he glanced up from drying off . 
 taking his time , he let his eyes sweep over her body in one lengthy perusal . 
 `` nice everything . '' 
 # the wok and roll was a hole-in-the-wall cross between authentic chinese fine dining and an all-american burger and fry joint . 
 blue and white painted koi fish swam in calm jade waters beneath the falling cherry blossoms of a bigger than life mural . 
 dominating the other wall was a portrait of elvis performing `` jailhouse rock '' live . 
 besides that divergent tribute , the rest of the décor was of the traditional orient . 
 bamboo shoots in red vases accented aged but beautiful silk screens serving as privacy dividers . 
 each kang table was adorned with its own miniature zen garden and paper lantern . 
 plush , tan pillows were situated on the floor for seating . 
 soft light emanating from the lanterns coupled with the worn , cozy pillows and made the restaurant a surprisingly intimate setting . 
 kali sat across from rhane . 
 he lounged comfortably with his longs legs stretched out before him . 
 his green eyes glittered in the flickering light , as if possessed by some alien fire . 
 she avoided gazing into them too long for fear of being mesmerized . 
 rhane did n't seem to mind the silence . 
 kali needed to fill it . 
 `` i did n't take you to be the indecisive type . 
 why did you change your order ? '' 
 whenever he smiled , a single dimple appeared . 
 she had n't noticed before . 
 `` yeah , i was going for the sushi but then i thought i might get to kiss you again later . '' 
 `` and you think eel will be more of a turn-on ? '' 
 he nodded with a suggestive wink . 
 `` it 's fried and tastes like chicken . '' 
 the food came and he folded his legs , sidling closer to the low table . 
 `` so what do you think ? '' 
 kali looked up from her dinner of braised mushrooms and bamboo shoots . 
 `` about you or the restaurant ? '' 
 `` the latter . 
 i already have a good idea of what the lady thinks of me . '' 
 the easy confidence he possessed was so appealing , kali could n't resist challenging it . 
 `` and what would that be ? '' 
 instead of replying , he abandoned his chopsticks and braced both hands against the table . 
 when he leaned into kali 's space , an aura of suppressed energy came with him . 
 the fork slipped from her hand as she fell into his presence . 
 smoldering black in the glow of the lanterns , his eyes became two portals tunneling down into her soul . 
 his face hovered less than an inch from her lips , the air magnetized with yearning of delayed contact . 
 she longed to take him , to possess all that strength and drink deeply . 
 the sensation of his breath against her skin was electric . 
 `` she thinks the same of me that i think of her . '' 
 `` and what do you think of her ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` i think she 's the most fascinating creature i 've ever met . '' 
 he took her lips gently , briefly , and then returned to his seat . 
 after a full minute , her heart rate powered down to normal . 
 `` are you like this with all your women ? '' 
 `` there is only you , kalista . '' 
 it was strange , the way he 'd worded the reply . 
 kali prodded him further . 
 `` surely you 've dated other women . 
 i 've kissed well over a dozen frogs in search of a prince . 
 and no offense , but you come off as way more worldly than i. on your looks alone you could have your pick . '' 
 she waved her hand . 
 `` never mind the charm . '' 
 he selected another morsel of eel and swallowed before answering . 
 `` there was one other before you . '' 
 `` only one ? '' 
 kali found that impossible to accept and promptly told him so . 
 `` it must have been serious . 
 did she break your heart ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i broke hers . '' 
 the words were spoken without a hint of inflection , making his feelings about the matter indiscernible . 
 rhane 's attention shifted to above her shoulder . 
 `` i need to use the men 's room , '' he said abruptly . 
 `` i 'll be back . '' 
 he stood and left the table . 
 her eyes followed him until he 'd passed into a hallway dimly lit by more lanterns . 
 a few minutes later , rhane had not returned . 
 the two glasses of ice water she 'd sipped throughout dinner began to sing for liberation . 
 leaving the comfort of the pillows , she went in the same direction rhane had gone to search for the ladies ' room . 
 the hallway was much longer than it appeared to be from the main dining area . 
 after the first twist , she spied two transparent doors leading into the kitchen . 
 kali checked the door directly across the hall but found only storage . 
 two turns later , the passage continued . 
 the restaurant was much bigger than kali had thought . 
 the further she walked , the less and less light there was . 
 as kali was beginning to accept that she must have passed the restroom , she heard voices . 
 curiosity drew her closer . 
 she pressed her ear to the door and listened . 
 three men were speaking rapidly in a foreign language she assumed was chinese because they were , after all , in a chinese restaurant . 
 she hoped one of them could tell her where the bathroom was . 
 with a timid push , she nudged the door ajar and received the biggest shock of the night . 
 rhane and another man sat in a conference room . 
 a huge , expensive looking table took up most of the space and was surrounded by at least a dozen executive chairs . 
 on the wall immediately behind the table was a giant screen . 
 the ten-foot head of a man of east asian descent filled it . 
 aside from an unfortunately patterned growth of facial hair , there was nothing memorable about him . 
 attending the meeting via satellite , the man was calmly listening to the exchange between rhane and the other guy . 
 she could n't understand any of the words , but the wild gestures of the speaker communicated anger . 
 rhane did n't look too happy either . 
 the man onscreen interceded to calm the escalating situation . 
 with a begrudging glare , the angry man pulled something from his pocket . 
 kali 's view of it was obstructed by the table . 
 the angry man muttered something else and stopped . 
 too late , she realized everyone in the room had grown quiet . 
 onscreen , a large pair of eyes stared heavily in her direction . 
 kali began backing toward the door . 
 the angry man turned to look at her . 
 rhane stood up from the table , but his eyes remained on the man in the satellite image . 
 it was time to make herself scarce . 
 kali retreated into the shadows . 
 returning to the main dining room , she found the bathroom easily . 
 it was located not even fifteen feet from where the hall initially began . 
 kali wondered how she had missed it the first time . 
 rhane was already at the table when kali got there . 
 he smiled as she approached . 
 `` hi , '' she greeted him awkwardly . 
 `` hi . '' 
 he said nothing else , so she sat down . 
 after a few moments of uncomfortable silence , she blurted , `` so you speak chinese ? '' 
 again , he smiled . 
 `` it 's an occupational hazard . '' 
 his eyes slid devilishly toward two staff members standing close by in animated conversation . 
 the girl glanced at rhane and kali several times while gesturing . 
 `` have n't you ever wondered what they 're saying about you ? '' 
 she laughed . 
 her tension melted away . 
 the earlier intrusion was n't going to be a big deal . 
 `` does n't everyone ? '' 
 he turned an ear to the pair but kept both eyes on kali . 
 `` she thinks you 're gorgeous . 
 she also thinks we make a very cute couple . '' 
 he paused , listening . 
 `` you 're so bad . '' 
 kali could n't help giggling and tried to muffle the sound behind her hand . 
 `` the waiter is her husband . 
 she wants him to tell her why he never looks at her the way i look at you . '' 
 kali exhaled slowly . 
 rhane 's eyes were doing that glittering thing again . 
 he suddenly stood . 
 tossing a few bills on the table , he took her hand . 
 `` i ca n't wait any longer . '' 
 `` for what ? '' 
 she asked nervously , wondering if he was going to be angry after all . 
 he would n't answer until they were outside in the cool night air . 
 `` this , '' he said huskily and pushed her into the shadows of the nearest building . 
 against the brick wall , they were hidden mostly from view , and rhane was free to express everything he 'd been holding back . 
 never had kali felt as possessed as she did in that moment . 
 everything about him flooded her senses . 
 his body surrounded hers , controlling every part of her space . 
 her nose was filled with the smell of his hair and the smell of his skin . 
 enveloped by his heat and the touch of his flesh against hers , her body succumbed to what he asked of it . 
 soon she was trembling , wanting more of him and needing to be a part of him . 
 the sound of his blood pounded inside her ears , commanding and vibrant . 
 taste me , his spirit whispered . 
 finding the spark that made him , she saw its light was bigger and more vivid than any she had witnessed before . 
 it called to her again . 
 she answered . 
 hues of amber and sapphire erupted at the hint of her contact . 
 like searching hands , a kaleidoscope of fingers pulsated toward her . 
 kali was surprised when his spark expanded at her touch , growing to match her thirst as if that were its very purpose . 
 rhane pulled his face away . 
 every other part of him remained hotly melded into her . 
 his eyes had changed in the darkness . 
 something about them appeared so primal , it made kali afraid . 
 the fear excited her . 
 `` come home with me tonight , '' he said . 
 chapter 18 kali was spinning in the dazzle and responded with complete honesty . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i have school tomorrow . '' 
 a second later , her brain caught up to her mouth . 
 oh crap . 
 it took another second for rhane to process what she had said . 
 then his demeanor cooled as if someone had dunked him in a vat of dry ice . 
 his hands left her body , moving to the wall to occupy the space on either side of her head . 
 `` did you say that you have school ? '' 
 the separation was painful , but there was no turning back . 
 `` well ... yeah . '' 
 he rubbed his face with one hand and was quiet . 
 kali bit her lip , feeling slightly guilty . 
 well , it 's not like he 'd asked . 
 `` it 's not necessarily a big deal . 
 how old are you ? 
 you ca n't be that much older than me . '' 
 `` i 'm too old to be seen doing this with you in public . '' 
 he took a step back . 
 `` wait a second , '' she protested . 
 `` no one can tell how old we are . '' 
 he huffed out a breath . 
 `` right ... how old are you , kali ? '' 
 `` seventeen . '' 
 `` geez . '' 
 drawing both hands through his hair , he paced off to one side and then back , muttering something about law school . 
 `` i look older . '' 
 `` ha . 
 you bet . '' 
 rhane looked around like he expected the cops to show up at any moment . 
 `` it 's just a number . 
 who cares ? '' 
 `` your parents are lawyers , '' he said matter-of-factly . 
 `` go you , for stating the obvious . '' 
 `` i 'm taking you home . '' 
 he took her arm and guided her away from the alley , into his pickup . 
 `` you 're kidding me . '' 
 `` i 'm not . '' 
 rhane started the engine . 
 pegging him as the type to be reached by hard facts and not emotion , kali presented a logical argument . 
 `` the u.s constitution decreed the legal age for sexual consent was fourteen . 
 the state of south carolina amended the number to sixteen a long time ago . '' 
 rhane blinked . 
 `` it worries me that you know that . '' 
 `` the law says i 'm legal . 
 what we 're doing is perfectly okay . '' 
 `` i typically do n't repeat myself , but you 're not getting it . 
 your parents are lawyers . 
 and i especially stress the law part . 
 greg calls the shots where you 're concerned . 
 and i do n't think he 'd take it well , if his little girl brought home a much older guy . '' 
 `` it 's not like i 'm a virgin . '' 
 his jaw clenched and unclenched , but rhane said nothing . 
 `` so what happens tomorrow ? 
 i 'll still be seventeen . '' 
 `` kalista -- '' he began . 
 `` are we going to stop seeing each other ? '' 
 `` no , '' he answered quickly , too passionately . 
 reigning back whatever he was feeling , he said more softly , `` i ca n't stop seeing you , kalista . 
 i just found you . '' 
 `` so why are you doing this ? '' 
 `` i need time to sort out a few things . '' 
 she gritted her teeth . 
 her temper was beginning to flare . 
 `` fine . '' 
 `` i 'll explain later . '' 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 i do n't care . '' 
 `` kalista , do n't . '' 
 `` do n't what ? '' 
 her voice hardened . 
 `` are you going to tell me to stop acting like a child ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he exhaled quietly . 
 `` you 're clearly upset , and i understand . '' 
 he took his eyes from the road to look at her . 
 `` you have to realize that this complicates things . 
 but it 's not a deal breaker . '' 
 kali did n't speak for the rest of the drive home . 
 silent with his own thoughts , rhane made no attempt at conversation either . 
 home earlier than expected , she carefully avoided her family and the questions they were sure to ask . 
 she pulled on her most comfy fleece pajamas and crawled into bed hoping to sleep soundly . 
 but that night she dreamed again of the horseman . 
 # it was monday . 
 cal was angry and made a point of avoiding her at school . 
 they crossed paths a few times during the between class hustle , making eye contact but not speaking . 
 it was for the best . 
 kali had no kind words for him . 
 and from the way cal 's eyes flashed , his sentiment was the same toward her . 
 really , there were things on her mind that rivaled a spat with cal . 
 last night she 'd lied when telling rhane she did n't care what happened between them . 
 in truth , kali had n't been able to stop thinking about him . 
 keeping him in her life occupied every thought . 
 until she turned eighteen , it would probably be impossible for them to date openly . 
 greg had been leery of rhane , believing he was the delivery boy . 
 there was no way to bring him home as her boyfriend without her adoptive parents absolutely flipping out . 
 of course , she could always follow in rozzy 's steps and just date him behind their backs . 
 kali paused at the cafeteria doors and mulled over the limited options . 
 maybe we could be friends , she thought . 
 friends with benefits are all the rage . 
 she went through the lunch line and prepared a mountainous salad . 
 after paying the cashier , kali immediately spotted cal in their usual spot but not at his usual time . 
 his early arrival and somewhat contrite expression might have been a peace offering , but the sight of him chilled her . 
 he would never touch her again . 
 she left the cafeteria , seeking solitude in the ball field . 
 only a few other students came to the half-circle bleachers that surrounded the stadium during this time of day . 
 kali said hello in passing to the street pharmacist who needed to learn not to sample more than he sold . 
 she waved at tattooed emily , a senior who dated lowlifes in rapid succession to piss off daddy . 
 at the top of the bleachers , kali sat down . 
 a sudden wave of loneliness hit her . 
 most of the kids at ridge creek had known her since primary school . 
 she 'd had a place in their circles once . 
 there 's nowhere for a freak like me . 
 not even the circus would take me . 
 kali smiled bitterly and pushed the salad away . 
 reflection was an appetite killer . 
 across the field and beneath the bleachers , a movement within the shadows captured her attention . 
 she squinted , peering closer . 
 the dark outline of a four-legged animal was barely discernible . 
 the shape was almost too large to be a dog . 
 an inexplicable sense of anticipation rippled through her muscles . 
 she could feel its eyes on her , watching . 
 then kali blinked and the animal was gone . 
 but she did n't feel so alone anymore . 
 # the shortcut through hall 's cemetery failed to produce another glimpse of her stealthy visitor from the ball field . 
 kali left the woods disappointed . 
 at home , it was quiet . 
 greg and lisa were working late again . 
 rozzy 's whereabouts were unknown . 
 thinking she might use the down time to catch up on work , kali went upstairs to her room and snagged the manila file off the dresser . 
 some sort of statue had been recovered . 
 rare was n't the accurate adjective to describe the artifact . 
 the statue was rumored to be the only one of its kind . 
 ever fearful of photosensitive damage , mack had not taken a photograph . 
 but he had included a crude sketch . 
 kali examined the picture again . 
 a woman stared back . 
 her exquisite beauty had been expertly conveyed through the medium of a simple pencil drawing . 
 charcoal strokes became much heavier near the base of the statue . 
 darker matter entwined with the woman 's figure as if the original artist had aimed to create dramatic flair . 
 or it could have been a representation of corruption . 
 whatever the intent , the effect was ominous . 
 she went downstairs and got online , using key phrases from the file to search . 
 the gps coordinates plotted somewhere south of the gobi desert . 
 she tried cross referencing similarities between chinese or mongolian sculpture and the statue , but the world wide web came up empty . 
 kali pored over the information until her eyeballs hurt . 
 it was pretty obvious mack had stolen the artifact . 
 from whom or where remained a mystery . 
 kali wondered how much money was involved to make mack risk jail time . 
 scholarship aside , maybe going with him to meet this private collector was n't such a good idea . 
 sighing , she put the computer on standby . 
 it was time for a major veg-out in front of the television . 
 she hoped it would bring some clarity . 
 kali dug into the cushions and found the remote . 
 nothing was on television , but the aimless search through channels turned into a passable distraction . 
 flash . 
 the mating rituals of snails . 
 flash . 
 diet secrets of the rich and famous . 
 flash . 
 how to survive in the amazon . 
 flash . 
 how to survive being eaten alive by piranhas . 
 flash . 
 kill yourself and win a million dollars on our new game show . 
 flash . 
 a woman walked across the television screen in the blackness between channels . 
 kali spun around . 
 there was no one behind her . 
 the basement was empty . 
 shocked and a little afraid , kali was n't convinced she was n't going crazy . 
 she turned back to the television and cycled through a few more stations to see if the vision would repeat itself . 
 it did . 
 this time the woman appeared on the basement stairs . 
 long , dark hair hung loosely down her back , forming a mane of thick spirals . 
 with each step , her flowing dress shimmered and glided . 
 kali blinked , and the woman was gone . 
 mind and heart racing , kali eased off the sofa . 
 chapter 19 soft music flowed down from upstairs , causing kali to pause as she emerged from the basement . 
 if rozzy was indeed home , the low tempo drums and enchanted hymns were a divergent choice from the hip-hop she usually listened to . 
 deciding not to take any chances , kali went to the kitchen to arm herself . 
 she knew her limitations and passed over the knives . 
 it was likely she would have tripped and fallen on a knife while going up the stairs , saving any intruder the trouble of a fight . 
 kali chose the heaviest cast iron skillet from lisa 's cabinets instead . 
 creeping up one stair at time , she was careful to miss the third step that always groaned beneath the slightest amount of weight . 
 she flattened her body against the wall as she edged down the hallway . 
 pausing at the corner , her eyes struggled to refocus in the darkness . 
 as far as kali could tell , she was alone . 
 the music came from rozzy 's room . 
 it was a haunting voice , singing in a language entirely foreign to kali 's ears . 
 goose bumps pricked her flesh , covering kali from head to toe . 
 she adjusted her grip and raised the skillet . 
 then she moved toward the sound . 
 a soft whistle from behind redirected her attention . 
 kali looked but saw only shadows . 
 suddenly , one of the shadows flickered , disappearing into an open doorway . 
 breathing deeply , kali tried to stay calm . 
 she considered retreating downstairs to call for help but shook away the thought . 
 she was n't sure anyone was actually in the house . 
 clutching the pan in both hands , kali brought it overhead and charged through the doorway . 
 she swung like a madwoman as sudden movement flashed and moved toward her in the darkness . 
 screaming , kali hurled the skillet . 
 there was a loud crack . 
 it was followed by the sound of shattered glass crashing to the floor . 
 kali slapped frantically at the wall until she found the switch , and light flooded the room . 
 breaking house rules , kali spat a four-letter word and repeated it several times . 
 she felt like a complete idiot . 
 no one was there . 
 no one had ever been there . 
 and the bathroom mirror was destroyed . 
 kali stared at the remains with dismay . 
 it was going to be a tough one to explain . 
 she grabbed a broom from the closet and started sweeping up the glass . 
 something unusual caught her eye . 
 kali knelt down . 
 several large fragments were all reflecting a single image . 
 she picked up a shard ... and nearly fainted . 
 # rhane was several streets away from the three-level home kali shared with her adoptive family . 
 still formulating how much to reveal in order to explain their uncanny situation , he slowed the truck to a crawl to buy extra time . 
 that was when he heard the scream . 
 knowing without a doubt it was kalista , his mind mapped from memory the quickest route to reach her . 
 wheels would only slow him down . 
 throwing the truck in park , he bailed at lightning speed . 
 the grassy green of well-manicured lawns went by in a blur as he traversed backyards and without slowing , sailed over two fences . 
 the second was intended for an in-ground pool measuring twenty feet across . 
 rhane cleared it in one bound , amazing himself with a sure-footed landing on the slippery deck . 
 he stopped only after he 'd reached the metts ' residence . 
 he tried to sense if kalista was alone . 
 barging in unexpected only because she had been frightened by a bug was not ideal . 
 he listened . 
 her unmistakable song drifted to his ears . 
 the whispered melody called to him , urging him closer . 
 climbing the old oak tree , rhane entered the house through an open bedroom window . 
 # the reflection in the glass was not kali 's . 
 a different face , one of a strange woman with beauty not of this world , stared back at kali . 
 her skin was flawless and bronzed . 
 blood red lips stood in stark contrast to grey eyes heavily lined in kohl . 
 shimmers of gold glinted above thick eyelashes . 
 a dark mass of curly hair , wild and untamed , framed the visage of an ancient goddess . 
 cold fear clutched at kali 's heart . 
 blinking repeatedly to be sure she was n't hallucinating , she set the shard on the floor . 
 the woman smiled . 
 her expression was a dark invitation . 
 with a startled gasp , kali brought the broom handle down in a decisive arch again and again , smashing the glass into a dozen more pieces . 
 # rhane stood outside the bathroom door watching kalista . 
 it was amusing how she attacked the mirror 's remnants . 
 but he felt somewhat uneasy . 
 they were alone , and rhane had no clue what had frightened her . 
 `` kalista , '' he called softly . 
 reaching for the skillet in a blur of speed , she hurled it straight toward him . 
 the iron cookware burst into a ball of grey flames . 
 behind the inferno , kalista crouched in the broken glass . 
 her eyes had changed to match the flames , and her hair was transformed into a wild mass of curls . 
 hypnotized by the resurgence of this creature , it was n't until the last possible second that rhane saved his skull from the fiery projectile . 
 he stepped aside and the skillet sailed past him , crashing into a seventy-two inch plasma television in the den across the hall . 
 recognition filled kalista 's eyes . 
 they changed back to brown . 
 her hair fell straight to her shoulders as she uncoiled from the floor . 
 she met his steady gaze with confusion . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 chapter 20 it made her panicky , the way rhane watched her . 
 he stood calmly with both hands in his pockets and shrugged casually at her question . 
 `` you 've just reminded me why it 's not a good idea to break up with you . '' 
 he glanced around . 
 `` or sneak up on you , '' he added . 
 kali followed his gaze . 
 shards of glass and splintered wood laid everywhere around them . 
 and across the hall ... greg 's television was in smoking ruins . 
 `` oh my god , '' she exclaimed . 
 `` what happened to the t.v ? '' 
 rhane looked uncertain . 
 `` you do n't remember ? '' 
 `` you showed up and the television exploded . 
 how am i doing so far ? '' 
 `` i had nothing to do with that . '' 
 `` then what happened ? '' 
 rhane rubbed the back of his neck . 
 `` let 's focus on getting this mess cleaned up before your parents get home . '' 
 easing the broom from her hands , he began sweeping . 
 kali was bewildered . 
 she closed her eyes and tried to wish away the scene . 
 but she opened them and the bathroom was still a mess , the television was still destroyed , and rhane was still there . 
 kali really did n't mind the last part so much . 
 cal calling her childish had more to do with her terrible mood than anything rhane had actually done . 
 she took a moment to admire his tanned , well-muscled arms manipulating the broom . 
 he looked at her expectantly . 
 `` do you have a dustpan or something i can take this up with ? '' 
 kali went to the closet and got a dustpan . 
 instead of placing it in rhane 's outstretched hand , she dropped the dustpan at his feet . 
 then she turned on heel and walked away . 
 she had nearly reached the hall when his fingers trailed against the underside of her wrist . 
 it calmed her immediately . 
 her temper did n't stand a chance against his gentle touches . 
 `` kalista , you 're angry . 
 again , i 'm sorry . 
 there 's a lot i need to explain . '' 
 she hesitantly faced him . 
 `` there 's been way too much drama from your species in the past few days . 
 so i 'm not sure i want to hear it . '' 
 `` tell me what you want then . '' 
 his fingers slid away from her wrist to brush against her cheek . 
 kali 's blood warmed . 
 her pulse fluttered . 
 she could n't answer rhane . 
 then her phone rang , and she did n't have to . 
 she stepped away from him . 
 the distance allowed her to think more clearly . 
 `` hello . '' 
 it was wes , sounding a little tense . 
 `` hey , kali . 
 how was school ? '' 
 `` it was school . '' 
 he must have understood from the curt reply ; he was n't the only one on edge . 
 `` is everything okay ? '' 
 kali looked up . 
 rhane had n't moved . 
 `` yeah , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 a door softly thudded shut from wes 's end . 
 the background noise immediately ceased . 
 `` did you take something from the office yesterday ? '' 
 `` just the file for the desert . 
 i did n't think it would be a big deal . '' 
 `` it is a big deal , kali . 
 and i need you to bring it back . '' 
 `` wes , i 'm sorry . 
 mr. richards was on my case about this one . 
 i needed extra time to sort it out . '' 
 she glanced at rhane . 
 he was busy dumping glass into the trash . 
 kali had a hunch that he was listening closely . 
 `` we talked about this . 
 i thought i helped you to understand how unique this deal is . '' 
 `` i do understand . 
 why are you so upset ? '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` bring the file back today . '' 
 `` okay . 
 i 'll be at the office in half an hour . '' 
 `` see you then , '' he said and hung up . 
 kali looked at the phone . 
 she was floored by wes 's reaction . 
 it was n't like she had stolen anything . 
 the whole point of taking the file was so she could do her job better . 
 what if mr. richards finds out ? 
 goodbye , internship . 
 but wes would n't rat on anyone , especially not kali . 
 if ever she needed to cover up a crime , wes would help hide the body and be her alibi without a second thought . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 rhane 's voice interrupted her contemplation . 
 `` no , '' she said and left the room abruptly . 
 in her bedroom , she closed the open window and grabbed her purse . 
 the weather would be chilly by the time she got home again . 
 cal 's sweatshirt was the handiest thing , so she took that too . 
 downstairs , she stopped to shut down the desktop and gathered the file . 
 slipping it inside her messenger bag , she turned to go but jumped . 
 rhane was standing right behind her . 
 `` are you trying to give me a heart attack ? 
 stop doing that ! '' 
 `` sorry . 
 where are you going ? '' 
 `` my father is dead and greg is n't home . 
 but thanks for the inquiry . '' 
 moving past him , she went into the kitchen and took a set of keys from the wall . 
 they were for the beater parked in the garage . 
 no one drove it because the motor was bound to blow at any time . 
 but it was greg 's first car and he had trouble letting go of things . 
 as kali took an extra minute to leave a note for greg and lisa , the genuine look of worry on rhane 's face nudged in her a whisper of regret . 
 she relented with a shrug . 
 `` i have to go in to the office . 
 in exchange for my soul , i collect a paycheck . '' 
 `` do you really feel that way ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i like my job . '' 
 she held the door open for him . 
 `` it 's a great opportunity in my field of study . 
 besides , i need to save money for college . '' 
 he stepped outside first and waited on the porch while she secured the house . 
 `` your parents are well off . 
 with their assets , it 's fair to assume your education is already paid for . '' 
 `` yeah , well , parents are n't guaranteed . '' 
 kali knew that sounded bitter , but it was how she felt . 
 `` i feel better having a plan b to fall back on . '' 
 `` kalista , you 've suffered loss . 
 but do n't go through life expecting the people you care about to leave you . '' 
 unable to muster a suitable deflection , a heartfelt reply leeched through . 
 `` i do n't know how not to . '' 
 `` let me show you . '' 
 kali thought of the lost girl in the mirror , there for the past nine years . 
 `` i have to go , '' she said . 
 in such a short time , rhane had broken down so many of her defenses , peeled back the rigid outer layers , and gotten inside of her . 
 she was walking away from him as fast as she could . 
 but instinct screamed for her to run back . 
 whenever she was with rhane , kali felt safe . 
 maybe she could tell him about the lost girl . 
 maybe he could help find her . 
 # rhane watched kalista leave from the end of her driveway . 
 as soon as the battered little car disappeared around the corner , he pulled a cell phone from his pocket and hit a speed dial . 
 a woman 's voice answered on the first ring . 
 rhane spoke briskly , `` alice , get the jet ready . 
 i need to leave in two hours . '' 
 `` what is your destination , sir , for fueling purposes ? '' 
 `` baotou , china . '' 
 chapter 21 wes was on the phone , but paused when kali entered the office . 
 he covered the mouthpiece with one hand . 
 `` leave it on my desk . '' 
 then the chair swiveled , putting his back between her and the important call . 
 kali decided to make herself scarce for a while just in case mack felt inclined to check the status of the report . 
 after grabbing a snack from the vending machines , she took the elevator down to storage . 
 low wattage lights , designed to cause minimal damage to the delicate relics , automatically adjusted as the elevator touched the basement floor . 
 it was a large room , the temperature separately regulated in order to maintain an ideal environment . 
 the basement was limbo . 
 artifacts went there to loiter between obscurity and recognition . 
 most would eventually find homes with museums , collectors , or private dealers . 
 unable to get the statue out of her mind , kali accessed the computer and checked every reference number of the most recent additions . 
 the monitor beeped as the search returned without results . 
 there was not a single record of any entry within the last week . 
 she widened the search to thirty days . 
 the same result displayed . 
 weird . 
 kali decided to investigate the company collection . 
 it boasted quite a showcase . 
 masks , statues , jewelry , tools , and weapons from various ancient peoples amounted to dozens of displays and hundreds of items to comb through . 
 even after an hour of searching , kali had n't found anything similar to the sketch from the file . 
 but she was getting close . 
 with each passing moment , the rhythm of her heart had accelerated , pounding louder and faster until her blood thundered with anticipation . 
 the northern collection held just one display not illuminated . 
 kali floated toward it like a moth trapped in lamplight . 
 and then she heard the voice . 
 the one from only hours before , and it was singing the same melody . 
 a cold knot formed in her stomach . 
 for the first time since entering the basement , kali was afraid . 
 unsure of what do , she waited nervously . 
 the singing stopped . 
 but a soft whisper followed , a single word carried on a faint breeze that should not have existed in the windowless room : `` soon . '' 
 `` i wondered how long it would take you to get down here . '' 
 kali whirled around at the sound of the voice . 
 wes 's eyes widened with concern . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 you look like you 've seen a ghost . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` no , you 're not okay ? '' 
 he frowned and moved closer . 
 `` you 're sweating . '' 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 she shook her head , trying to realign . 
 `` why is this one not on ? '' 
 she asked , pointing at the dark display . 
 it was getting harder to breathe . 
 `` are you sure you 're okay ? '' 
 kali nodded but said nothing more . 
 wes took the hint . 
 `` this only arrived a few days ago , and mr. richards is being top secret about it . 
 even i do n't know who the buyer is yet . '' 
 he pointed to the access panel . 
 `` using the dial will allow observation . 
 but without this code an alarm will be triggered . 
 i guess when you steal something you have to be extra careful so the original owners ca n't take it back . '' 
 his tone was half-joking . 
 her palms had started to itch . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` it 's called the siren 's heart . '' 
 the singing began anew . 
 kali 's throat was cotton . 
 her tongue stuck to the roof of her mouth . 
 `` do you hear that ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 wes raised an eyebrow . 
 `` hear what ? '' 
 his timid laugh sounded strange in her ears . 
 `` you 're getting a little creepy . '' 
 `` i need to see it . '' 
 his expression turned wary . 
 `` maybe you should n't , kalista . '' 
 `` please , wes . '' 
 she said more forcefully , `` i have to . '' 
 wes hesitated . 
 then he moved toward the display . 
 `` this means i ca n't hide you anymore . 
 everything must change . '' 
 his fingers traveled across the keypad , methodically entering a six-digit code . 
 the case lit up , bringing the relic into full view . 
 and wes 's words came true . 
 everything changed . 
 # neither moon nor star twinkled in the sky . 
 two hours ago , darkness had settled over holsenbeck hall and its surrounding acres . 
 the air was heavy , thick with anticipation for an approaching storm . 
 swollen rain clouds loomed above the estate , water ready to burst forth from black and menacing wombs . 
 a light drizzle splattered onto the pickup 's windshield , quickly becoming larger droplets as the storm progressed . 
 over twenty-four hours had passed since rhane had last slept . 
 seeing the file from mack ventures , inc spawned an impromptu flight to baotou on a semi-private jet . 
 after meeting with a contact of indistinct loyalties , he returned from the other side of the world distracted and frustrated . 
 time had the tendency of blurring lines of ownership , especially when it came to artifacts . 
 and though the siren 's heart was already rightfully his , rhane had been forced to buy it back from the chinese government . 
 according to his liaison , the sale was a done deal . 
 instead the artifact was stolen again , this time by the company kalista worked for , mack ventures , inc. . 
 if rhane wanted the siren 's heart , he would have to bargain with a scumbag millionaire treasure hunter . 
 he snatched the front door open with disgust . 
 two back to back flights was a whole lot of wasted time . 
 on top of it all , the discovery that kalista was only a teenager had been a bucket of cold water dumped on the campfire keeping him warm . 
 he tossed an aged leather scroll on the coffee table . 
 `` quarter of a million dollars and all i get is a stupid map . '' 
 he rubbed his face . 
 `` what a useless middleman . 
 i should have killed him . '' 
 he paced around the living room . 
 the words his contact had spoken circled his mind like a drain . 
 if the siren 's heart is lost to you , then take this scroll . 
 guard it well . 
 something big brushed against his leg . 
 without looking , he knew it was the black canine . 
 the animal quietly took a seat beside him and placed its large head on his lap . 
 `` oh , quit it . 
 i know you smelled the chinese food before i even got out of the truck . '' 
 the canine sat up to lick rhane 's face , whose bad mood fled as he pushed at the animal playfully . 
 `` you do n't have to kiss my butt . 
 i promise there 'll be plenty of leftovers . '' 
 shoving its nose closer , the canine mauled him with a barrage of drooling kisses . 
 rhane threw up his hands to ward off the attack . 
 `` all right , you win ! 
 you can have yours now , lassie . '' 
 he retrieved a large dog dish from a kitchen cabinet and filled it with two orders of general tso chicken and lo mein . 
 the canine pounced on the food while rhane watched in mild amusement . 
 `` at least one of us is happy . '' 
 he sat on the couch but stood again restlessly . 
 lighting several candles , he situated them around the room . 
 the soft light flickered and swayed in and out of unison with the dark silhouettes of the flames . 
 rhane watched them dance , letting memories take him to another world existing long ago . 
 a world he sometimes longed for . 
 outside , the rain was hammering every surface with a densely walled downpour . 
 the noise of it almost hid the sound of car tires crunching over the gravel drive . 
 rhane frowned . 
 he had n't been expecting anyone . 
 his frown became a smile as he recognized the scent . 
 a soft knock pounded lightly on the front door . 
 already there , the canine sat waiting . 
 `` now you get to meet someone really special , '' he told it . 
 but as he turned the knob , the canine pressed forward and nudged rhane 's hand . 
 then it quickly disappeared . 
 rhane scratched his head at the odd behavior . 
 looking back , he realized he should have paid more attention to that warning . 
 it would 've saved him a lot of pain . 
 but when he opened the door , on his porch stood the most beautiful woman he had ever laid eyes on . 
 and all thought of anything else fled his mind . 
 chapter 22 his eyes trailed over her sinful lack of clothing , stalling at the spiked high heels and bare legs , long and muscular , ending in a tiny skirt . 
 rhane 's pulse charged forward and slowed all at once . 
 his fingers twitched with the urge to tear the clothing from her body . 
 but he clenched them at his side and reminded himself that kalista was only seventeen . 
 `` you keep it dark in here . '' 
 smiling as if reading his conflicted thoughts , she came inside without waiting for invitation . 
 a warning buzzed in the back of his head . 
 something was different . 
 something was wrong . 
 trying to keep it light , he quoted the mechanical words of an operator he 'd spoken to earlier . 
 `` we apologize for the delay . 
 your power will not be restored until our next business day , between ten a.m. and five p.m. '' ignoring the lame attempt at deflecting humor , kalista took another step toward him . 
 `` that 's okay . '' 
 her voice was low and husky . 
 `` i like the dark . '' 
 she pressed her body into his , rolling her hips as she did so . 
 reflexively , his arms wrapped around her waist , pulling her closer . 
 the silky fabric of her blouse glided between his fingers . 
 the skirt was essentially nonexistent . 
 he felt every inch of her body against him , warm and getting hotter by the second . 
 with a forceful exhale , he disentangled himself from all that hotness . 
 thinking became somewhat easier . 
 `` it 's late . 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 red lips pursed into a full pout . 
 `` i hoped you 'd be glad to see me . '' 
 `` i am , '' he croaked . 
 clearing his throat , he repeated , `` i am . '' 
 he shook away the fog , forced reason to the fore of his brain . 
 `` but you should n't be out here . 
 your parents will worry . '' 
 she suddenly grabbed a fistful of his hair . 
 bringing his head to her level , she kissed him slowly , used her tongue and teeth to find his lips . 
 the kiss gradually deepened , and rhane forgot why he should n't be kissing her . 
 a stab of pain made an effective reminder . 
 touching tongue to lip , he was n't surprised to taste blood . 
 rhane really looked at her then . 
 peering into her heavily lined eyes , he sensed rather than saw the change . 
 tiny muscles tensed all over his neck , pulling every hair upright . 
 averting his eyes , he kissed her again . 
 he gave himself into her softness , inhaled the light and tangy scent of her skin , the lavender and rose of her hair . 
 his hands stroked the small of her back , moved down the curves of her hips . 
 finally , and with a resigned sigh , he eased away . 
 stupid , he berated himself silently . 
 `` let me take you home , '' he said aloud . 
 kalista closed her eyes . 
 her voice came from all directions . 
 strong and beautiful , her song was a haunting serenade of indistinct echoes . 
 `` kalista ? '' 
 rhane touched a hand to her forehead . 
 the skin was remarkably hot , as if a fire burned inside . 
 he said her name again softly . 
 the voice fell silent . 
 every candle died at once , pitching them into darkness . 
 the temperature plummeted until rhane 's breath became visible in weightless puffs . 
 he listened to her hearts beating , and understood . 
 what had come to his doorstep was n't a seventeen-year-old girl who dreamed of being an archaeologist . 
 this was an entirely different creature . 
 the light returned . 
 flames burned high in shades of grey and white . 
 rhane turned , and she was behind him , standing as still as a stone . 
 her face was ashen , framed in black by curtains of hair . 
 even her eyes had changed . 
 soft brown was now the pitch of night . 
 the creature stalked toward him , baring her teeth into a wicked grin . 
 rhane retreated , stepping backward each time the thing advanced . 
 he was careful to keep something between her and him . 
 for the first time , he was grateful for all the ugly old furniture cluttering the house . 
 the creature beckoned him in a silky voice , demanding what was hers . 
 she wanted his life , hungered for rhane 's spirit to feed her own . 
 because of the bond forged between them , her will was very strong . 
 rhane did n't understand what had caused the change . 
 only days ago , kalista had been basically ignorant of what she was and her powers . 
 now she had abruptly evolved to another extreme ... out of control and dangerous . 
 `` kalista , '' he appealed to her . 
 `` i need you to come back . '' 
 eerie laughter rang out , stirring resonances within the manor . 
 `` i 'm right here . '' 
 at a speed nearly faster than even he could move , the creature came for him . 
 rhane scrambled , backing over a low table , and swore as he almost lost footing . 
 `` i 'm so hungry , '' she purred . 
 her eyes closed again as she stopped . 
 her body swayed from side to side like waves of the ocean . 
 `` they were not enough . '' 
 that does n't sound good . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 who are they ? '' 
 `` they were not you , rhane of whytetree , '' the siren whispered , so dark and still so beautiful . 
 her eyes opened . 
 `` give me what i need . '' 
 he gasped as intense heat rippled through his body . 
 the furnace built , increasing until it felt as if he were burning alive . 
 he doubled over as his lungs constricted . 
 it was a struggle not to pass out . 
 the physical torment weakened his body , while the siren 's call attacked his mind , calling to him sweetly . 
 rhane 's defenses , dormant for centuries , rallied out of the blue . 
 he watched with a mixture fascination and alarm as white fur spread across his forearms . 
 no . 
 you could hurt her . 
 he mustered enough concentration to smother the changes , and looked in time to see the siren approach . 
 seizing his hair , she yanked him upright . 
 sharp teeth tore against his mouth , kissing him with anger and passion . 
 yet , her hands remained gentle . 
 fingers danced up his back and rested lightly on his shoulders . 
 she kissed his ear , prodding inside with her tongue . 
 `` i was going to make this painless but ... '' her nails extended like claws . 
 they shredded flesh and tore through muscle . 
 rhane cried out as her talons forged a trail down the length of his back . 
 finally , she let go , and rhane staggered away . 
 he took a shuddering breath . 
 he was bleeding heavily . 
 but it was n't over . 
 the siren followed , shoved him roughly to the hardwood floor . 
 she slashed his jeans leaving angry red swells and more blood where claws nicked skin . 
 he grabbed her wrists to dampen the assault . 
 he knew what would come next . 
 the flames were burning higher and hotter . 
 she was thrashing , excited by his resistance and the smell of blood . 
 rhane gritted his teeth as two-inch talons on her feet dug into the muscle of his right calf . 
 repositioning his body , he managed to pin her hands and feet . 
 her teeth stayed at a safe distance . 
 but she continued to struggle . 
 `` stop it . 
 this is n't you . '' 
 she responded with a hiss . 
 searing heat erupted beneath his hands , forcing him to let go . 
 the flames died again . 
 darkness masked her escape . 
 rhane sensed movement . 
 too late , he felt her breath against his throat . 
 his flesh caved beneath the pressure of sharp teeth . 
 and then she was gone . 
 rhane crumpled to the floor with pain raging through his veins like wildfire . 
 chapter 23 the candles relit . 
 she was kneeling across the room , watching him . 
 grey scales shimmered in dim light , dotting the flesh of her arms and legs . 
 she seemed rather pleased with herself . 
 she had struck fast . 
 the bite injected venom into his system , turning him into easy prey . 
 his vision blurred . 
 his muscles were sluggish or unresponsive . 
 pins and needles carpeted his body inside and out . 
 she slinked across the floor , creeping toward rhane ever so slowly . 
 she crouched over him , breathed his scent like it was a drug . 
 `` i 'm so glad you found me . '' 
 so many open wounds left little need to summon a spark . 
 his power was hers for the taking . 
 she began extracting his energy , dragging the life from his blood . 
 she drank deeply , moaning with pleasure as she fed , and he was helpless to stop it . 
 rhane gasped for air . 
 he tried to crawl away . 
 his body received the message but did not respond . 
 darkness seeped at the edges of his sight as he fought to remain conscious . 
 it was too much , even for him . 
 he lifted his hand . 
 the fingers , cold and nearly numb , found her cheek . 
 he could barely feel the smooth patch of scales . 
 `` kalista ... kali , you have to stop . '' 
 the candles flickered . 
 a gust of air swept through the room . 
 she reached forward and brought his face close , cradling his head in both hands . 
 her eyes were human again , and stretched wide with confusion . 
 `` rhane ? '' 
 `` it 's ... okay . '' 
 the flames went out . 
 and rhane saw nothing else for quite a while . 
 # rhane awoke , uncertain how long he had been out . 
 candles were burning dangerously low . 
 puddles of dripping wax indicated more than a few hours had passed . 
 the feeling in his upper body gradually returned . 
 he registered weight lying across his chest . 
 then pain replaced numbness as his brain found his legs again . 
 shifting kalista gently to the floor , he rolled onto his side . 
 no part of his body did n't hurt . 
 climbing to his feet was pure agony . 
 and then he was suddenly very lightheaded . 
 rhane clutched his head and moved unsteadily to the wall . 
 it was either find support or fall down . 
 several moments passed before he felt stable enough to risk doing anything else . 
 he surveyed the area . 
 the living room was a mess . 
 most of the furniture was knocked over or out of place . 
 an alarming amount of blood redecorated the upholstery . 
 all of it was undoubtedly his . 
 that explains the dizziness . 
 kalista was unconscious , exactly where he 'd left her . 
 somehow , he had to clean everything before she woke up and freaked out . 
 `` probably with no memory of ever being here . '' 
 he thumped his head against the wall . 
 needless to say , he instantly regretted it when an incredible aftershock of pain hammered his skull . 
 a couple of lurching steps carried him over to where she rested . 
 easing himself down , rhane gathered her into his arms . 
 she stirred . 
 he froze , relaxing only when she sighed and settled against him . 
 `` what brought you to this ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 his bedroom was three flights up . 
 he stood at the bottom of the stairwell , already swaying beneath his burden . 
 lacking confidence in his ability to safely navigate the stairs , he switched directions , following the long corridor that led to a bedroom on the ground floor . 
 he set her gently on the bed inside . 
 then he picked his way carefully back to ground zero . 
 sheer will kept him upright . 
 rhane refused to collapse , even as every part of his body protested each step . 
 an hour later , the blood was gone and the furniture put back in place . 
 he dragged himself into the shower , letting water rain down on his back . 
 it burned the wounds terribly , but eased his overall soreness . 
 his tired mind was racing , reviewing every happening in the past five days , searching for what he 'd missed . 
 out of the shower , he dried off and found clean clothes . 
 the cotton fibers grazed mangled flesh , making him wince as he eased into a shirt . 
 he grabbed another towel and returned to kalista . 
 rhane checked for damage as he cleaned her up . 
 her clothes could n't be saved . 
 too much blood . 
 he had enough to explain . 
 satisfied none of the blood was hers , he tossed the towel in a closet corner . 
 reserves spent , he was entirely exhausted . 
 his knees buckled as he walked toward the bed , and he pitched forward onto the mattress . 
 half of his body made the landing . 
 he used the last ounce of strength to pull himself up . 
 it was n't the most comfortable position , but he was too tired to care . 
 even before his eyes drooped shut , a deep sleep had covered him like a blanket . 
 # kali was very confused . 
 without looking , she knew the bed she sprawled in was too large and soft to be hers . 
 feeling around cautiously , she found no one beside her . 
 so she stretched one leg to the opposite edge of the mattress . 
 nothing . 
 she mulled over the situation . 
 the hunger , usually threading its constant presence in her subconscious , was gone . 
 never had she experienced such a complete absence of it . 
 a buffet of life forces ran through her . 
 both body and spirit were invigorated . 
 kali knew someone had to be dead . 
 the revelation jolted her upright . 
 she looked around the room . 
 no bodies . 
 no one . 
 she really was alone . 
 practically naked beneath the covers of an unfamiliar bed , she had no clue how she had gotten there . 
 as hard as she tried , her mind was unable to harvest a single memory from the night before . 
 she remembered the afternoon , going into the office after school , and leaving the report on wes 's desk . 
 then she had gotten a snack . 
 kali concentrated , stretching the memory farther . 
 she saw herself descending stairs . 
 but then there was only a wall of black . 
 slapping her forehead in frustration , she drew her knees up and rested her head against them . 
 `` greg and lisa are going to kill me , '' she muttered hopelessly . 
 kali had to figure out what kind of mess she had gotten herself into so she could at least offer her parents a decent explanation . 
 she flopped back onto the bed , automatically stretching as a yawn eased from her lips . 
 back arched and toes pointed , her muscles lengthened . 
 she groaned . 
 it was pure pleasure . 
 oh boy . 
 there was so much power . 
 and she felt so full . 
 the last time she had a sensation this wonderful was back in the ninth grade . 
 it was the day she discovered her ability to absorb life from others . 
 for weeks , kali ate without getting full . 
 many times she left the dinner table after second helpings , even thirds , but still went to bed hungry . 
 one afternoon while playing soccer in gym class , a teammate crashed into her . 
 as the two of them tumbled to the ground in a tangle , kali saw a bunch of pretty colors . 
 a shock of foreign energy followed , charging her body like lightning . 
 only she got up that day . 
 the other kid was taken to the hospital and admitted for three days . 
 doctors attributed the collapse to a severe concussion . 
 kali had badly wanted to believe that story . 
 but events in the next week quelled any doubt of her culpability for the incident . 
 she was working on an art project with matt . 
 he was the last ninth grade boy to hit a growth spurt and the only one to have a crush on her . 
 inside an empty study room , they spent more time flirting rather than working . 
 he stole away paintbrushes , held them just out of reach , and dared her to take them . 
 kali rose to the challenge , but fell into his lap as she flailed for the tools and missed . 
 matt had kissed her then . 
 she was shocked at first . 
 she did n't kiss back the inexperienced lips that moved timidly against hers . 
 the heat and moisture of his mouth made a pleasant feeling form low in her stomach . 
 kali moved her mouth around his , finding the rhythm of her first kiss . 
 matt 's hand went to her thigh , stroking her flesh , slipping between her legs . 
 kali had gasped as colors slammed into her mind 's eye . 
 they were brighter than before on the soccer field . 
 just like the week before , a shock of energy hit her . 
 but this time , she guessed what was happening and shoved matt away . 
 as he sat on the floor dazed , she fled . 
 later he 'd apologized , thinking he 'd hurt her in some way . 
 but kali told him to stay away . 
 she really liked matt and did n't want to ever hurt him . 
 some first kiss . 
 she moved to the edge of the big mattress , and let the sheets fall to her waist . 
 the room was so huge , the bed felt small in comparison . 
 heavy curtains draped the far wall . 
 maybe a window behind them would give a clue to her location . 
 kali turned her head to what sounded like footsteps crossing hardwood floors . 
 they were getting closer . 
 she viewed the doorway anxiously , waiting for someone to appear . 
 but no one came . 
 and the footsteps had stopped . 
 a pair of pasties still clung to her boobs , starting to itch . 
 kali peeled them off and stood , dragging the sheet behind as she crossed to the window . 
 a glint of sunlight escaped , confirming it was late morning . 
 the fabric 's hefty appearance had been false . 
 they were made of light silk and cotton that glided smoothly against her fingers as she peeled the curtains back and peered into the welcoming sun . 
 the scene was a stunning landscape of rolling land , green and vibrant . 
 warm rays bathed her half-naked body as she pressed her face against the window for a closer look . 
 the glass fogged with her breath . 
 beyond the meadow was a dense forest . 
 the grass nearby was tall and unkempt . 
 lofty stalks bowed under their weight , barely drifting in the breeze . 
 a blur of motion just before the tree line caught kali 's attention . 
 she redirected her gaze , straining to catch another glimpse . 
 but whatever it was had already gone . 
 then as she was about to leave the window , she spotted a towering figure in the grass . 
 chapter 24 bigger than a deer but too small to be a bear , the thing was enormous . 
 its color was so perfect a camouflage ; the animal could barely be seen . 
 kali got the sense she only saw because it wanted her to . 
 the animal was absolutely motionless . 
 but it stared right back at her . 
 her mouth dropped open . 
 she took a small step back . 
 `` i see that you 're up . '' 
 she jumped at the nearness of the voice , at the same time recognizing its owner . 
 she turned around . 
 he looked incredible and ... completely unharmed . 
 rhane 's face went completely still , darkening with lust . 
 after several stimulating seconds under that unnerving gaze , his eyes averted to the floor . 
 kali was blushing all over . 
 she was naked and the bed linen currently covered only half of her body . 
 she yanked the sheet up . 
 earlier , she had thought the sunlight was warm . 
 but one look from rhane had felt hotter than a solar flare . 
 he shoved his hands into the pockets of a pair of rugged looking jeans and cleared his throat . 
 `` did you sleep well ? '' 
 she folded her arms , almost fully recovered from embarrassment . 
 `` i was hoping you could tell me , '' she said coolly . 
 `` actually , i was pretty out of it last night . '' 
 he cleared his throat again . 
 `` there 's breakfast if you want any . '' 
 she echoed him in disbelief , `` breakfast ? '' 
 he glanced at her and then quickly away , pointing to a light overhead . 
 `` yeah , the electric company kept their promise . 
 we 're officially out of the dark ages . 
 i ran to the store while you were sleeping . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i thought you might wake up hungry . '' 
 she watched him with a fair amount of skepticism . 
 he was trying hard to be casual . 
 kali did n't miss it when his weight shifted uneasily . 
 and he all but refused to look at her . 
 she did n't understand . 
 it was n't like rhane to be nervous . 
 he was the confident beast . 
 it 's like i hurt him , she thought with mixture of confusion and dread . 
 deciding to test her theory , she moved carefully toward him . 
 with each step she took , rhane retreated another two backward until he was against the wall and could withdraw no further . 
 she cornered him , refusing to back down . 
 rhane finally looked up . 
 and a shock went through her blood . 
 she had been wrong . 
 there was no fear . 
 the tension between them came from another source . 
 raw desire . 
 rhane 's eyes were burning with control . 
 she started to reach for him . 
 something in those eyes made her stop . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 he said nothing . 
 his heart was pounding audibly . 
 an exhilarating sense of empowerment swelled in the wake of his vulnerability . 
 she was a lioness . 
 he was her prey . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 it was almost a plea . 
 she ignored the warning and placed both hands on his chest . 
 a storm of distorted images hit her , flashing through her mind with disorienting intensity . 
 she heard a voice . 
 a whisper at first , it grew louder until she recognized the song . 
 drums thudded in the background , rattling her brain . 
 she pressed her head into his chest . 
 he grabbed her shoulders . 
 `` kalista , stay with me , '' he said thickly . 
 kali shut her eyes . 
 she concentrated on the light and the images gained a degree of clarity . 
 she saw rhane . 
 he was standing with her in a moonlit clearing , on a carpet of lush grass that appeared black in the night . 
 their naked bodies shimmered silver in the light . 
 another flash : his face was above hers , looking down . 
 the pavement was cold . 
 she was stunned , dizzy with fear . 
 shards of glass surrounded her head . 
 another painful blaze : more darkness . 
 she was running . 
 her torso heaved from lack of air . 
 a malevolent force pursued her through the forest . 
 its earsplitting howl tore through the air , followed by an excited shrill of capture . 
 hot breath was at her back . 
 she doubled her effort , but the thing was too quick , and overtook her in one leap . 
 she flew forward as the creature slammed into her . 
 its claws sank into her flesh . 
 she screamed . 
 the creature climbed atop her , pushing her body into soft mud . 
 she screamed again , but the cries were hindered by mouthfuls of earth . 
 with a furious snarl , the creature jerked her body around . 
 she lay on her back , staring into eyes peppered by rage and hatred . 
 her attacker had no discernible shape , but she knew it was the wolf . 
 she opened her mouth to scream again . 
 a slap took her breath away . 
 she did n't , could n't move again . 
 the wolf 's wooded eyes began to slowly melt away . 
 human orbs of a brilliant jade hung in their place . 
 kali exhaled in astonishment . 
 the eyes belonged to rhane . 
 he slid away , wisely putting space between her body and his . 
 `` what just happened ? '' 
 he hesitated . 
 she could tell he was weighing an answer . 
 `` what did you see ? '' 
 she was scared out of her mind . 
 fear presented in the form of anger . 
 kali exploded . 
 `` i just took a major freaking acid trip ! 
 who are you ? '' 
 he winced . 
 `` kalista , i need you to take it easy . '' 
 `` did you have sex with me ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` did you slap me ? '' 
 he nodded contritely . 
 `` i did it to bring you back . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` from where ? '' 
 chapter 25 rhane was silent . 
 none of what she threw at him could capsize that serenity . 
 he was a battleship anchored against a deadly storm , withstanding the waves of her assault . 
 he slid both hands into his pockets and slouched against the wall . 
 `` i ca n't say . '' 
 his demeanor , though frustrating , helped calm the tempest . 
 kali stopped shouting . 
 `` did i hurt you ? '' 
 his expression was briefly pained . 
 `` a little , '' he admitted . 
 regret welled up inside of her at the thought of hurting him . 
 the life she drained , the power she felt , had all been from him . 
 he could have died . 
 she took a shuddering breath . 
 `` can i see ? '' 
 `` it 's not a big deal . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 `` let me see , '' she insisted . 
 rhane did n't move , did n't flinch away when her hands drew up the soft black cotton of his t-shirt . 
 ugly marks began at his waist , and carved the length of his torso and chest . 
 the jagged wounds were covered by fragile scabs . 
 she touched them with timid fingers , gently tracing the bright pink flesh . 
 her hands were a perfect match for the spacing between the scars . 
 she had done this . 
 `` how ? '' 
 she asked , on the verge of tears . 
 he did n't answer , but his expression was tender . 
 no blame or fear was evident in his gaze . 
 he should have been running for the hills . 
 `` it 's never been this bad . '' 
 her voice was shaking . 
 she watched his face , searching it for answers . 
 `` you 're not afraid of me . '' 
 `` i could never fear you , kalista . '' 
 the conviction in those words gave her the courage to take the next leap . 
 she had never shared her secret with anyone . 
 but kali wanted to , needed to show him . 
 she knew he was the only person to share it with . 
 she could make him understand that she was still human . 
 `` there 's something i need to tell you . '' 
 he took her hand , gently guiding it away from the marks that should have condemned her in his eyes . 
 `` let 's go downstairs first and get you some breakfast . 
 and if there 's a need to , we can talk about this later . '' 
 brushing his hand against her cheek , he offered her a reassuring smile . 
 she accepted it . 
 # rhane turned out to be an excellent cook . 
 he and kali were situated in front of bay windows at a dining table piled with an assortment of omelets and french toast sprinkled with cinnamon and powdered sugar . 
 all the goodies enticed kali 's senses with their mouthwatering aromas . 
 she ate eagerly , not realizing how physically hungry she had been , until the first bite melted in her mouth . 
 rhane sat across from her , his dark hair glistening in the afternoon sun . 
 she longed to touch him . 
 more so , she wanted to talk to him . 
 kali tried to resume the conversation from upstairs several times . 
 with each attempt , he simply shook his head and gestured to her unfinished plate . 
 she ate , but her thoughts centered on him in some way or another . 
 a time or two , she thought of her parents . 
 kali was n't quite ready to step into that minefield yet . 
 even for a guy , rhane had an extremely healthy appetite . 
 at first , kali was certain it was way too much food for just the two of them and wondered who the heck was supposed to eat it all . 
 then rhane finished second helpings of everything . 
 and piled on even more food for a third . 
 her doubt vanished . 
 `` do you usually eat so much ? '' 
 `` not always . '' 
 `` where are you putting all of it ? '' 
 he smiled around the fork already halfway in his mouth . 
 `` i guess you have that effect on me . '' 
 she gasped . 
 `` so this is because of last night ? '' 
 `` eat . '' 
 enough of this . 
 kali pushed back from the table . 
 stretching her arms overhead , she let a small moan escape . 
 the black dress shirt borrowed from rhane had been barely modest within her normal confines of movement . 
 mid-stretch , it showed off more than enough skin to tease his eyes . 
 recoiling back into the chair like a satisfied cat , she licked her lips . 
 `` i 've had plenty . '' 
 rhane 's eyes flashed . 
 then he got really still . 
 `` come here . '' 
 as self-possessed as she was , that look of raw hunger made her nervous . 
 hesitantly , she went to the other end of the table . 
 using only his foot , he shoved out an adjacent chair , spinning it to face him . 
 `` sit down . '' 
 she sat obediently . 
 he pushed his plate aside and leaned forward . 
 `` tell me what you saw upstairs . '' 
 `` when i touched you ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 she blew out a breath . 
 `` i saw things from friday night ... when i was attacked . '' 
 her hand went to her forehead . 
 `` and then you and i were standing in a forest ... in a clearing . '' 
 she glanced at him . 
 `` we were naked . 
 our skin turned silver in the moonlight . '' 
 her hand started to tremble . 
 `` something terrible happens . 
 i do n't see it . 
 i just feel it ... afterward , some horrible creature is chasing me . 
 just like in my dreams . 
 it 's happening every night . '' 
 `` it 's alright , '' he soothed as her tremors increased . 
 `` you 've seen this before ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 usually a dark horseman appears to save me . 
 but there was no horseman this morning . 
 it was you . 
 you became the wolf . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he wiped at the tears wetting her cheeks . 
 she sniffed . 
 `` why -- why are you apologizing ? '' 
 `` because you had to be so afraid . 
 for that i am sorry . '' 
 `` that 's not your fault . 
 it was a bad dream . '' 
 sighing , he pulled her close and stroked her hair . 
 `` you had something to tell me earlier . '' 
 it was the point of no return . 
 whatever she revealed , whether through action or word , could never be taken back . 
 anxiety and trust wove a knot of conflict inside her . 
 rhane had gone from complete stranger to someone more familiar than anyone she had ever known . 
 but her secret could cause her to lose him forever . 
 it was a risk she was committed to taking . 
 if he 's still here after last night , she reasoned , there 's little more harm the full truth could do . 
 kali took a very deep breath and leaned forward . 
 `` it 's easier if i show you . '' 
 she reached for his face but stopped short of contact . 
 the heat from his skin already rippled across her fingertips . 
 his spirit called to her eagerly . 
 `` may i ? '' 
 several long seconds stretched by where it seemed as if kali was the entire focus of his intense green eyes . 
 then rhane replied . 
 `` as you will . '' 
 chapter 26 kali pressed her hand against rhane 's cheek . 
 pulling him closer , she wrapped her mouth into his . 
 his lips were cool and gentle , yielding to her touch . 
 her tongue slid across his teeth , pushed inside his mouth in slow-burning exploration . 
 she bit his lip playfully . 
 and then harder . 
 at the brink of inflicting pain , kali let go . 
 her body ached for more . 
 weaving a hand into his thick hair , she brought her mouth to his shoulder , and then his neck , and then his lips . 
 she reached for him , and his spirit answered , surging to her query . 
 bright and unblemished like nothing dark had ever touched it , she wanted to stay lost in its folds . 
 the spark filled her . 
 she drank at its edges , savoring its pureness . 
 and when her fingers grazed the raised scabs of his healing back , she abandoned her spell and released him . 
 she sat breathless . 
 rhane 's eyes were closed , so he could n't see the dazed expression that had to be on her face . 
 she was certain there was something different about him . 
 the connection between them could not be denied . 
 `` i lied to you before . '' 
 his green eyes fluttered open at the sound of her voice . 
 `` i do kiss random guys ... usually teenage boys . 
 it 's gotten worse . 
 these cravings . 
 it 's hard to describe , but basically when the hunger gets too bad to ignore , i find and isolate some hormonal kid . 
 then i take what i need from him . '' 
 `` who else knows about this ? '' 
 `` no one . 
 i 've always been careful not to be seen . 
 and the boys do n't remember anything but a euphoric high . '' 
 except in the case of trevor , she added silently . 
 his girlfriend , stacy , had stumbled upon them mid-makeout and witnessed her boyfriend collapse to the ground . 
 `` but have you told anyone , maybe a close friend or confidante ? '' 
 `` i do n't have many friends , rhane . '' 
 in fact , i do n't have any . 
 she wondered if wes would count . 
 `` have you told anyone ? '' 
 though she realized she had never answered the first question , it irritated her that he 'd asked again . 
 she had trusted him with something huge . 
 could n't he trust her the same ? 
 kali frowned . 
 `` i have n't told anyone . 
 no one has seen me . '' 
 okay , maybe that last part was a lie . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 it 's just that this is very important . '' 
 `` why ? 
 what do you know about it ? '' 
 he answered her question with another . 
 `` how many people do you know who can do what you do ? '' 
 `` none . '' 
 `` that 's right . 
 and others would n't be very accepting of how extraordinary you are . '' 
 his reasoning made perfect sense . 
 she began to relax . 
 then her eyes narrowed suspiciously . 
 `` why do you react differently ? 
 i 've never been able to feed so strongly without causing harm . 
 and you 're not afraid . '' 
 `` there 's not much that scares me . 
 and i 'm not saying this to make you feel guilty , but last night was painful . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 it seemed that he was intentionally missing the point . 
 `` but anyone else would be dead or at least in the hospital . 
 but you ... you woke up before i did and made breakfast . '' 
 `` next time , i wo n't cook . 
 satisfied ? '' 
 `` i 'm not kidding , rhane . 
 why do you react differently ? '' 
 `` i ca n't say . '' 
 `` you ca n't or you wo n't ? '' 
 `` you decide . '' 
 recognizing when she was being politely stonewalled , kali sighed . 
 `` just tell me who you are . '' 
 his face became impassive . 
 `` you know who i am . '' 
 she rested her chin in her hand . 
 `` sometimes it feels like i do , '' she said mostly to herself . 
 `` you 've had a very rough night . 
 take it easy . 
 what you know will come back . '' 
 `` maybe you 're right . '' 
 she surveyed the huge kitchen , thinking she might as well change the subject . 
 `` this is a really big house . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 it needs work , but i think she 's got a lot of potential . '' 
 `` the third story was redone recently , right ? '' 
 `` that 's actually the fourth . 
 there 's a basement level below this one . '' 
 he tapped his foot against the floor . 
 `` wow . '' 
 `` i 'll show you around later if you like . 
 right now , i think you should call your parents . 
 let them know you 're safe . '' 
 `` right , '' she agreed half-heartedly and searched for something to delay that very undertaking . 
 her eyes trailed to the counter . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 she left the table for a closer look . 
 `` it 's a map of some sort , '' she said before he could answer . 
 `` an extremely old one . '' 
 worn leather trimmed the edges of a very delicate piece of parchment . 
 kali ran her fingers across the surface . 
 the writing was totally foreign to her eyes . 
 `` what does it say ? '' 
 she looked at rhane who was watching her steadily as he stood and moved to her side . 
 not knowing what to make of his expression , she turned back to the map . 
 he peered around her shoulder . 
 `` it says ... '' he narrowed his eyes and read slowly as if struggling to make out the faded print . 
 `` inquisitive woman , i cost a fortune . 
 please put me down . '' 
 laughing , she smacked his arm . 
 `` if it cost so much , then why is it lying around here for anyone to walk in and steal ? '' 
 `` i 'm not worried about that . '' 
 kali put the map back . 
 it was obvious that he was n't going to reveal anything on the subject . 
 he was practically useless in the information department . 
 when she took a seat back at the breakfast table , he came right behind her `` are you going to call your parents ? '' 
 she could n't get the aged map off her mind . 
 `` are you a pirate ? '' 
 `` arrgh , '' he said from the side of his mouth . 
 kali laughed so hard she snorted . 
 the infectious sound took hold and soon rhane too was at least smiling without reserve . 
 `` alright then , mystery man , i was this close to taking mercy on you and doing the dishes . 
 but now that charitable feeling is gone . 
 i guess i 'll call my folks instead . '' 
 he let out an exaggerated groan . 
 `` i cooked . 
 i should n't have to clean too . '' 
 `` if there 's one thing learned from infancy on , it would be that life 's not fair . 
 but ... '' kali stood and strode away a few paces , one hundred percent aware of the provocative view delivered by her borrowed attire . 
 she returned to him quickly , leaning to rest her palms against the table . 
 `` maybe you can change my mind about those dishes . '' 
 dark amber mixed with the green of his irises . 
 `` five minutes and i probably could , '' he agreed evenly . 
 she looked down . 
 though his features were smooth , all ten fingers dug into the table . 
 several devilish thoughts sparkled in her mind . 
 kali wondered if she could get away with any of them . 
 his tormented gaze raked over her body , and she leaned closer . 
 then someone whistled long and hard . 
 the sound stopped her cold . 
 `` what a nice piece of jailbait , '' the unfamiliar voice said . 
 kali whirled with the idea to confront the intruder but shrank back on seeing his size . 
 the unwanted visitor was a burly guy , broad shouldered and taller than most men . 
 rhane did n't move . 
 when he spoke , his tone was more than a little wary . 
 `` what are you doing in my house ? '' 
 the big guy smirked . 
 `` enjoying a really , really nice view . '' 
 considering how large he was , it was reasonable to think such a man would not have much to be afraid of . 
 but when rhane stood up , the smirk vanished and the big guy put his hands up palms out . 
 `` take it easy . 
 i just need to talk to you . '' 
 chapter 27 `` i 'm in the middle of something . '' 
 the visitor dared another grin . 
 `` yeah , i noticed . '' 
 rhane glared . 
 `` wait outside . '' 
 the big guy retreated through the kitchen doors . 
 rhane started to follow , but kali grabbed his shirt . 
 `` he 's huge . '' 
 the warning came out in a stage whisper . 
 rhane 's expression showed no worry . 
 he brushed a finger across her cheek . 
 `` i 'm just going to talk to him , '' he assured her . 
 then he moved away , while nodding to a recessed stairwell she had n't noticed before . 
 `` i 'll be a minute . 
 use the other door . 
 go upstairs and put on a pair of my shorts of something . '' 
 `` what about my clothes ? '' 
 he scratched his head . 
 `` not going to happen . '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 `` no , '' he repeated . 
 she hurried to ask one more question as he backed away , `` are you going to tell me about this later ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 i 'll come find you , and then you are going to call your parents . '' 
 he disappeared into the other room . 
 kali frowned at the door . 
 turning to the stairwell rhane had indicated , she shrugged . 
 maybe it was time to do some exploring . 
 # the burly visitor stood before the hearth observing portraits of holsenbeck hall 's previous owners with mild interest . 
 he was oblivious to rhane , already in the living room and creeping up behind him . 
 pausing a few feet away , rhane crouched low , viewing the man with a blend of affection and annoyance . 
 he had hoped things would n't get any more complicated . 
 now it was certain they would . 
 york 's presence could only be a harbinger of trouble . 
 rhane rose from the floor . 
 when close enough to count the hairs on the back of york 's neck , he spoke , hoping for a little fun out of the reaction . 
 `` this had better be good news . '' 
 he was n't disappointed . 
 york jumped like a champ , lurching around in a burst of adrenaline . 
 but those big , rigid muscles relaxed on seeing rhane 's amused expression . 
 `` i did n't hear you coming ! '' 
 `` i did n't want you to . '' 
 rhane flopped into a calico armchair while york finished looking around . 
 `` was that you creeping around outside , scaring my houseguest ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' york replied absently . 
 he gestured to the open space , masking concern with measured lightness in his tone . 
 `` what happened in here ? 
 smells like someone lost a lot of blood . '' 
 rhane folded his arms and ignored the question . 
 `` how did you know she was jailbait ? 
 i found out the hard way . '' 
 york snorted . 
 `` and that 's clearly not stopping you . '' 
 he cleared his throat at rhane 's serious expression . 
 `` her student i.d was in the car outside . '' 
 rhane scowled . 
 `` i did n't tell you to come . 
 you had clear instructions . '' 
 york understood . 
 nothing he said would be relevant until an explanation was given for disregarding an order that had been rather direct and flawless in delivery . 
 he had to give a reason for his presence . 
 `` your orders were clear . '' 
 he jerked his head toward the upstairs . 
 `` but kalista summoned me . '' 
 # kali stopped at the second above-ground level and was unsure if she wanted to keep going . 
 to describe the house as huge would have been a ridiculous understatement . 
 endless hallways and multitudes of living spaces made exploration of the manor a much bigger task than she had initially perceived . 
 hours could have been spent wandering around without ever having to retrace her steps . 
 she counted well over a dozen rooms and had yet to find rhane 's bedroom . 
 in a castle of such dimensions , the king 's dwelling would probably be at the top of it all . 
 though it was midday , there was n't much light within the manor walls . 
 that did n't make her task any easier . 
 the gloom was generous . 
 eerie shadows stretched out all around . 
 white sheets covered an odd collection of scattered furniture . 
 they were like ghosts of assorted sizes greeting her gaze with vacant stares of their own . 
 the first set of stairs ended after twisting onto two landings , forcing her to venture out in order to find the other stairwell located elsewhere on the floor . 
 she hoped the stairs would lead to the uppermost floor and not to some hidden chamber that housed rhane 's secret stash of dead bodies . 
 such an unfortunate event would put a terrible strain on their burgeoning romance . 
 maybe rhane was starting to move past the whole age discrepancy issue . 
 could he forgive the crime of unearthing his secret identity as a serial killer ? 
 kali shook her head . 
 by hollywood standards he would kill me and avoid the hassle . 
 she began to suspect rhane had sent her to get lost while he met with the big guy in private . 
 after all , he had said , `` i 'll come find you . '' 
 she imagined him laughing as she wandered around hopelessly , like a rat in a giant maze . 
 that 's so not nice . 
 she wondered how much time had passed . 
 rhane had to be done by now . 
 if he thinks i ca n't get back on my own , i 'll have to prove him wrong . 
 kali turned around . 
 she would locate those stairs and march her way down them . 
 she had only taken three steps when a hair-raising chill crawled along her skin . 
 shivering , she paused and noticed slight movement within the drapes . 
 `` it 's the wind , '' she said . 
 but her body tensed all over . 
 nudging the unease aside , she peered through the open door . 
 though the room was immense , merely two pieces of furniture were inside . 
 like everything else , they were draped in white sheets . 
 one was a sofa . 
 the other she was n't sure of . 
 feeling the chill again , she went to investigate . 
 telling herself the area was like any other , she took one nervous step and then another until she had crossed the room . 
 standing in front of the curtains , she thrust them apart and discovered the open window . 
 satisfied it had been the source of the nipping breeze , she began to appreciate the simplistic surroundings . 
 the room did n't look so intimidating when flooded in outside light . 
 mahogany floors of deep red hues blended wonderfully with faded walls painted the color of cinnamon . 
 she pulled the sheet from the sofa and was instantly saluted with a cloud of dust . 
 thrown into a fit of coughing , she considered the plush chocolate leather with approval . 
 she succumbed to its gravity , sinking into the cushions with a satisfied sigh . 
 her eyes fluttered shut ... and abruptly reopened . 
 the voice . 
 it was back . 
 and singing the unforgettable melody . 
 spine straight , her focus was drawn to the other piece of covered furniture . 
 the song continued . 
 sad and hopeful all at once , the words were unintelligible . 
 in the next moment , kali was only inches away from the masquerading object . 
 she could n't remember leaving the sofa . 
 she reached out , and the sheet fell away though she had barely touched it , exposing a silver standing mirror . 
 an awed breath escaped in a whoosh . 
 the mirror was exquisite , lined with detailed carvings that glinted in the afternoon light . 
 she traced the raised surfaces , admired the precision of the design . 
 she thought of mack . 
 a fan of antiques , he would have loved to get his hands on such a stunning piece , even though it had n't been buried in the dirt . 
 she let her eyes fall to the mirror itself . 
 kali already knew what she would see . 
 the grey-eyed beauty . 
 her painted face was waiting . 
 her eyes closed . 
 her chin dipped slightly . 
 the melody had been her voice . 
 chapter 28 hoping it was a hallucination , kali squeezed her eyes shut . 
 things were the same when she opened them . 
 the woman did nothing to acknowledge her presence , but kali knew the vision saw her . 
 only when her haunting performance had ended , did the woman look up . 
 her cold , grey eyes were enchanting . 
 she spoke in a language kali understood . 
 he is coming . 
 kali took a small step back . 
 do not be afraid . 
 she tried very hard not to faint . 
 `` who -- who are you ? '' 
 who are you ? 
 moving forward again , kali placed her hand against the mirror . 
 the eyes reminded her so much of her own . 
 instead of a lost girl , it was the face of a spirited temptress . 
 `` are you for real ? '' 
 the woman smiled with full , crimson lips . 
 grey fire danced within her pupils . 
 she lifted both arms . 
 odd symbols were painted on them in hues of gold and black . 
 kali read their meaning aloud . 
 `` the strongest will stand . '' 
 the symbols began to glow with soft blue light emitting from the woman 's skin . 
 she spoke again . 
 darkesong . 
 the light brightened . 
 then it erupted . 
 in the next breath it disappeared and the mirror was smooth again . 
 the painted beauty was gone . 
 something else quickly took her place . 
 a large black canine soundlessly entered into the room . 
 kali turned to see him . 
 well , she assumed it was a `` him . '' 
 a shadow surrounded by light , the animal seemed motionless even as it moved . 
 just as when she had spotted it from the bleachers , kali found herself reassured at its appearance . 
 `` come , '' she said . 
 at once , the dog padded over and sat next to her . 
 she knelt down to meet its eyes and was impressed by the intelligence within them . 
 `` you 've been following me , have n't you ? '' 
 the dog gazed at her and then looked away . 
 `` thank you for helping me in the cemetery . '' 
 rhane 's voice spoke from the doorway . 
 `` you 're not afraid . '' 
 he had finally come to retrieve her . 
 `` is he yours ? '' 
 she was miffed at him for intentionally getting her lost , but put that aside . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` sort of . '' 
 `` what 's his name ? '' 
 `` i do n't know yet . '' 
 kali frowned . 
 `` have n't you named him ? '' 
 `` well , that 's just it , '' he said while coming closer . 
 `` i 'm sure he already has a name . 
 and it would n't be fair for me to saddle him with a new one since i do n't own him per se . '' 
 rhane sat down on the floor next to her . 
 `` he found me the other day when i was on my way here and has been hanging around ever since . 
 i get the impression that he 's waiting for something . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` did you try asking him ? '' 
 his face said he thought she had lost her mind . 
 `` asking him what ? '' 
 `` what he 's waiting for . '' 
 he said very carefully , `` dogs do n't talk . '' 
 kali shook her head , wondering exactly what she had meant . 
 she looked back at the dog . 
 it was watching her expectantly . 
 a thought came to her , suddenly as clear as rhane 's spark had been . 
 `` bailen , '' she said aloud . 
 the dog wagged its tail . 
 `` what ? '' 
 rhane sounded confused . 
 `` his name is bailen , '' she repeated firmly . 
 eyes shining , the dog nuzzled her face . 
 it managed to sneak in a couple of enthusiastic licks before kali could push it away . 
 beside them rhane grew very still , watching her and bailen bond over the small triumph . 
 `` how ... how did you know ? '' 
 kali grinned . 
 `` i have a way with some animals . 
 remind me to introduce you to stew and pat the next time you 're over . '' 
 rhane nodded absently . 
 taking the dog 's head into his hands , he pulled it to him gently . 
 `` hey ... bailen . '' 
 the three of them sat for a while longer . 
 but it was obvious rhane was somewhere else , totally lost in thought . 
 `` you should call your parents , '' he murmured . 
 `` right , '' she agreed , but then buried her face into her knees . 
 `` i found a change of clothes for you in your car . 
 they 're downstairs in the bathroom . 
 take a shower and feel better . 
 your cell phone was there as well , but the battery 's dead . '' 
 kali did n't lift her head . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 all morning and afternoon she had managed not to think about the consequences of the past eighteen hours or so . 
 but there was no avoiding it . 
 her parents were going to be livid . 
 she groaned . 
 `` i stayed out all night without calling . 
 they 're freaked and i 'm grounded . '' 
 his hand rested on her shoulder . 
 something in his touch made kali look up . 
 `` kalista , i do n't know how to tell you this , except to just come out and say it . 
 today is wednesday afternoon . '' 
 `` wednesday ? '' 
 she repeated , puzzled . 
 `` yes . 
 i -- i 've been out of town . 
 it was n't until tuesday night that you came here . '' 
 `` so , what are you saying ? 
 i 've been gone for two entire days ? '' 
 `` you do n't remember coming here , do you ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 but i think i would notice missing an entire day of my life ... unless i have alzheimer 's . '' 
 she paused thoughtfully . 
 `` but that 's something that only old people get . '' 
 `` well then , what do you remember ? '' 
 he asked patiently . 
 kali thought hard , scrunching her face as she struggled to recall anything about the last couple of days . 
 a jumble of images confronted her . 
 `` i remember going into the basement at work . 
 you were there . '' 
 she stopped . 
 that was wrong . 
 things were out of order in her mind . 
 `` no , that 's not right . 
 you were at my house . 
 we had a fight . '' 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 `` you did n't want me to leave . '' 
 kali jumped up . 
 `` did you kidnap me ? '' 
 `` of course not . '' 
 `` then why is it wednesday ? '' 
 more than twenty-four hours had been purged from her memory without explanation . 
 the implications of the revelation sunk in . 
 this was way worse than not remembering friday . 
 for the second time in one morning , kali found herself yelling at rhane . 
 she might feel bad about it later , but right then she needed answers . 
 and if getting them took being angry and directing it at him , then so be it . 
 rhane made himself busy studying bailen . 
 in full retreat , the dog slunk out of the room with both ears laid back . 
 `` thanks for the backup , '' he muttered . 
 `` rhane . '' 
 at her tone , he looked up sheepishly from where he sat on the floor . 
 `` today is wednesday because tuesday could n't last forever . 
 but it really , really wanted to . '' 
 `` this is serious . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` do you ? '' 
 she began pacing the room . 
 `` greg is a lawyer . 
 he 's friends with over half of the police department . '' 
 she crossed her index and middle fingers . 
 `` he and the chief of police are like this . 
 by now he 's called them all . '' 
 rhane got up . 
 catching her in midstride , he brought her head forward until her forehead gently touched his . 
 the turmoil of raging emotions instantly quieted . 
 her frustration and anxiety melted away . 
 kali wished she could stay with him forever . 
 `` why ca n't i remember ? '' 
 `` we 'll figure this out . 
 do n't worry . '' 
 she listened to him breathe , was comforted by the rise and fall of his chest . 
 `` it 's going to be worse for you . '' 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere . '' 
 after another long moment , she softly inhaled , preparing to say she was ready to call greg and lisa . 
 rhane stepped back abruptly . 
 `` i need something from you , kalista . '' 
 kali raised her eyebrows . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` the cops are going to be at your home when we get there . 
 how we met friday night will probably come up , but you ca n't tell them what really happened . '' 
 `` rhane , it 's time for me to come clean about the attack . 
 that creep might hurt another girl . 
 if i do n't say anything , it would be my fault . '' 
 `` do n't concern yourself with that . '' 
 rhane 's eyes were suddenly very hard . 
 `` he wo n't be hurting you or anyone else again . '' 
 kali eyebrows stretched even higher . 
 `` how could you possibly know that ? '' 
 `` i really need you to trust me on this one . 
 okay ? '' 
 she swallowed and nodded . 
 rhane had saved her life and forgiven her for almost taking his . 
 it was the least she could do . 
 `` okay . '' 
 rhane rubbed his face . 
 `` let 's go call your folks . '' 
 chapter 29 lisa answered on the first ring . 
 on hearing kali 's voice , her relief poured through the receiver . 
 then she handed the phone to her husband . 
 `` she 's safe , '' kali heard lisa say to her father . 
 after greg was certain his daughter was alive , had not been kidnapped , and suffered no bodily harm or grave ailment of any sort , then the tough questions came . 
 `` where have you been , young lady ? '' 
 kali winced . 
 `` i 'm with a friend . '' 
 `` why did n't you call ? '' 
 she knew greg was only ignoring the vague reference to a `` friend '' for now . 
 `` i could n't . 
 i do n't know . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` kalista , this is unacceptable . 
 do you have any idea what 's been going through our minds ? '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry , daddy . '' 
 greg breathed heavily into the line . 
 but when he spoke again , his tone had softened considerably . 
 `` give me straight answers , kali . 
 where are you ? '' 
 `` hunter 's valley . '' 
 `` who are you with ? '' 
 `` rhane . '' 
 one remarkable thing about greg that had helped him become a successful lawyer and an even better district attorney was that he never forgot a name or a face . 
 an unbearable pause passed before spoke he again . 
 `` put him on . '' 
 cheeks hot with guilt and embarrassment , kali obediently handed rhane the phone . 
 she felt rotten for having made her parents sick with worry , not to mention the waste of time and resources she knew had been expended on her behalf . 
 she chewed her lip and watched rhane converse calmly with her father , though most of the talking came from the other end . 
 he said `` yes sir '' a couple of times . 
 after a moment or two , he glanced at kali and held his hand out . 
 when she took it , he squeezed her hand and held it . 
 `` i will , sir . '' 
 rhane hung up the phone . 
 kali looked at him as if to say , `` well ? '' 
 `` i have exactly one hour to get you home . '' 
 rhane grinned nonchalantly . 
 `` he gave me an extra fifteen minutes for traffic . 
 get in the shower . 
 i ca n't take you home dressed like that . '' 
 # aside from experiencing the expected amount of relief and joy to have their youngest daughter returned to them alive and unharmed , the metts were not very happy . 
 after both of them hugged kali tightly and multiple times each , lisa sat her daughter down on the sofa . 
 rhane remained where he stood . 
 without invitation he ventured no further than the threshold into the living room . 
 looking on quietly , he was able to identify with the mixed emotions of the reunited family . 
 he also knew the situation was going to be tricky . 
 two uniformed officers remained at the metts ' residence . 
 if greg did not receive the right explanation of events , charges were going to be pressed . 
 but rhane was a good judge of people and knew greg only needed two things to put his mind at ease . 
 first of all , he had to see with his own eyes that kalista had not been hurt in any manner . 
 and second , he needed to know that some opportunizing pervert had not taken advantage of his little girl . 
 the first issue had been resolved right away . 
 convincing greg of the latter was a whole other monster . 
 switching gears from doting dad to prosecuting attorney , greg directed a piercing stare at rhane . 
 `` why do n't you have a seat , son ? '' 
 it was a question but hung a fingernail short of being an order . 
 greg was letting the pizza boy know who was in charge . 
 referring to him as `` son '' meant he had graciously given rhane the benefit of the doubt . 
 at least for right now , innocent until proven guilty held true . 
 he had n't been labeled a pervert . 
 yet . 
 it was a good start . 
 `` okay . '' 
 rhane silently added , here we go . 
 chapter 30 greg took a seat in an armchair positioned directly across from the sofa . 
 lisa joined him , perching on one of the plush arms of the off-white chair . 
 the picture of solidarity was n't a front . 
 and it garnered more of rhane 's respect . 
 kalista wrung her hands anxiously , but stopped when rhane sat next to her . 
 greg 's eyes narrowed a bit . 
 he got straight to the point . 
 `` officers harlow and remington are good friends of mine . 
 between the two of them , there are over thirty years on the force . 
 these admirable men are waiting to see if their services will be further needed . '' 
 greg paused . 
 rhane waited . 
 `` but first , i want you to help us sort this out . 
 i ask . 
 you answer . 
 that 's all . '' 
 `` i 'll do my best , sir . '' 
 `` very good . '' 
 eye contact was a big deal to mr. metts . 
 that much was evident . 
 in a profession like his , it was essential to weed out small seeds of truth in fields ripe with dishonesty . 
 a life or death sentence could very well depend on it . 
 liars often had a hard time getting the proportions right with eye contact . 
 either they made too much or too little . 
 rhane knew how to make lies sound like the truth . 
 given a lifespan far exceeding that of any human , he 'd had ample time to hone and perfect the particular skill . 
 rhane hated liars . 
 but if the situation demanded it , he did n't mind becoming one . 
 `` kali has been missing since monday afternoon . 
 i have interviewed her office manager , several classmates , as well as her principal . 
 after she left work , no one saw or heard from her until this morning when she called from this number . '' 
 greg pulled out a small notebook and slowly turned a few pages . 
 finding the right one , he read off a ten-digit phone number . 
 `` is that your number ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i 'm a thorough man , rhane . 
 it 's gotten me where i am today . 
 that being so , i had the number traced to a residence up in hunter 's valley . '' 
 he recited the address to rhane 's newly acquired country estate . 
 `` that 's holsenbeck hall . 
 it 's practically a piece of history and has been vacant for years . 
 are you living there ? '' 
 `` i am . '' 
 greg lowered his reading glasses . 
 `` are you living there legally ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i did n't know there was anyone left in that family . '' 
 `` i do n't know either , sir . '' 
 `` you mean you are n't related to the holsenbecks ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` is it correct to assume you bought the holsenbeck mansion ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 greg 's face hardened . 
 `` then who is wilfred harvey ? '' 
 rhane did n't miss a beat . 
 `` that 's me , sir . 
 wilfred harvey is the name on my birth certificate . 
 but rhane is a family name . 
 neither my father nor grandfather looked very much like wilfreds , so their mothers called them rhane . 
 i was named after my father . 
 but mom could n't bring herself to call her baby wilfred , either . 
 so i got his nickname too . '' 
 `` be sure that i will check that out . '' 
 greg smiled tightly . 
 `` what do you make as a pizza boy , including tips ? '' 
 lisa nudged him . 
 `` greg . '' 
 `` what , baby ? 
 i 'm trying to understand this . 
 even in the dilapidated shape the manor is in , i ca n't imagine a pizza boy being able to afford such a lavish piece of real estate . '' 
 he turned back to rhane . 
 `` how much ? '' 
 `` since i 'm not a pizza boy , i ca n't answer . '' 
 `` what do you mean , ` since i 'm not a pizza boy ' ? 
 i tipped you . '' 
 rhane grinned affably . 
 `` and it was very kind of you . 
 had i actually been a delivery boy , i would have been very appreciative . '' 
 greg was noticeably offended . 
 `` the first time i laid eyes on you , you lied to me . '' 
 `` no . 
 i never said i was a pizza boy . 
 the delivery arrived just as i came along , so i went ahead and paid for the pizza ... and tipped . 
 then i brought the pie in to your daughter . '' 
 greg scowled briefly but did n't admit he was wrong . 
 `` so how did you buy the property ? 
 how can you afford it ? '' 
 `` i 've made a few good investments over the years . '' 
 `` investments ? '' 
 greg sounded incredulous . 
 `` you 're still wet behind the ears . 
 what do you know about investing ? '' 
 `` i 'm no expert , sir . '' 
 greg 's eyes became tiny slits . 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 `` twenty-five . '' 
 technically it was n't a lie . 
 though rhane was much older , his current driver 's license said otherwise . 
 living as long as he did , he could n't keep renewing it indefinitely . 
 and since he hardly showed signs of aging , fresh starts and new identities were a frequent part of his existence . 
 at the admission of age , lisa 's mouth formed into a hard line of disapproval . 
 greg 's brown skin turned red . 
 not a good sign . 
 `` that 's eight years older than my daughter . '' 
 his voice was barely above a whisper . 
 remington and harlow moved in closer . 
 that was definitely not a good sign . 
 rhane really did n't have the spare time to spend a night in jail . 
 `` has she been with you this whole time ? '' 
 answering truthfully would have brought the spotlight back to kalista . 
 she claimed to have no recollection of the first twenty-four hours she was missing . 
 being in china , rhane could n't account for her whereabouts for that time either . 
 though he was as concerned as greg regarding the missing timeframe , there was no way to safely discern the answer from kalista 's mind . 
 pushing her to remember could once again release what slept dormant inside her . 
 he could n't deal with that again so soon . 
 her parents might never be able to deal with it . 
 rhane deliberated all those factors in less than a fraction of a second and decided . 
 `` yes . '' 
 then he moved in for the cover story . 
 `` allow me to explain , sir . '' 
 `` please do , '' greg said forcefully . 
 the best thing rhane could offer was a truth seasoned well with a relish of lies . 
 he began relating a half-fabricated story which came out seamlessly with pauses in the all the right places to indicate genuine recall . 
 `` kalista had a fight with her boyfriend at school on monday . 
 she called me , upset and needing to vent , and perhaps wanting to make this other guy even more jealous . 
 i wanted to cheer her up . 
 knowing how much she loves the water , i offered to drive her to the coast . 
 let her see the sunset , you know ? 
 it was only supposed to be a day trip , but on the way back , we got a flat . 
 the spare was useless . 
 nowhere was open to buy a new one , so we waited until the next morning . 
 after the tire got fixed , we both decided to be irresponsible and played hooky from everything . '' 
 greg was calmer . 
 still angry , but it was a less red version of angry . 
 `` did you sleep with my daughter ? '' 
 `` i did not have sex with your daughter . '' 
 rhane cleared his throat . 
 `` i only recently became aware of her age , sir . 
 but that 's no excuse . 
 i should have asked . '' 
 `` you understand that i ca n't allow you to see her again . 
 she 's still very much a minor . '' 
 he looked at kalista pointedly . 
 `` and from her recent behavior , she 's very immature as well . '' 
 rhane exhaled . 
 `` i understand . '' 
 kalista was n't conceding so easily . 
 `` but -- '' `` no buts , kalista , '' greg snapped sharply . 
 `` you will not see this man again . '' 
 he turned back to rhane . 
 his words came out calm and even . 
 `` get out of my home . 
 if you come near this family or this house again , i will have you arrested . '' 
 there was tightness present within rhane 's chest that had n't been there before . 
 though discovering kalista in the body of a human teenager who was mostly dependent on adoptive parents severely complicated his life , he liked the metts . 
 it was n't the reception he 'd hoped for . 
 on top of that , protecting kalista from what was to come had just gotten way more difficult . 
 but considering the circumstances , it was a good outcome . 
 unexpected things happened all the time . 
 rhane would do as he 'd always done . 
 he would adapt . 
 as he dipped his head to acknowledge greg 's decision , kalista sprang from the couch . 
 her limbs went rigid . 
 the light fled from her eyes as she stared down her parents and the officers . 
 greg and lisa did not hide their startled expressions . 
 lisa started to move forward , but greg placed a restraining hand on his wife 's arm . 
 officer harlow reached for his gun . 
 remington 's cool eyes remained steady , but his stance was very alert . 
 stepping in front of kalista , rhane blocked the view of everyone else in the room . 
 he was all her eyes could focus on . 
 and only he could see the expanded pupils and dark veins that had slowly begun to snake around and from within her eyes . 
 staying casual , he grazed a finger across her cheek . 
 `` your father is right , kalista . 
 listen to him . '' 
 his voice , like his touch , remained gentle . 
 `` i do n't want to not see you again . '' 
 her voice trembled . 
 her eyes were human again . 
 `` i lied the other day when i said i did n't care . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` then do n't go . '' 
 `` kalista , please , '' he implored softly . 
 because his back was to the room , only she saw his lips form three silent words . 
 the flicker of emotion that briefly transformed her face assured him the message was received . 
 `` sometimes these things have the worst timing , '' he said aloud . 
 to show the rest of the room he was serious about removing himself from her life , rhane needed to walk away . 
 but staring into her moist brown eyes , his chest tightened even more and he could n't do it . 
 kalista bit her lip and lowered her face , releasing him . 
 `` i thought you were different . '' 
 she brushed past him and left the room . 
 rhane exhaled , watching her go . 
 the muted sound of a room door closing reached his ears , and he looked at greg again . 
 `` i apologize for any trouble i have caused . '' 
 greg accepted the outstretched hand warily . 
 `` have a nice life , son . '' 
 but rhane could n't go back to a life without her . 
 chapter 31 kali sat at the edge of her bed waiting patiently . 
 one of her parents would come to see if she was okay . 
 she was better than okay . 
 the last few moments from downstairs kept replaying in her mind . 
 rhane 's lips moved . 
 i 'm still here . 
 his unusual eyes had let her peer inside of him for a change . 
 and kali had seen the truth in those three words . 
 i 'm still here . 
 he was n't walking away from her . 
 now she understood why rhane had been so concerned in the first place . 
 he could have easily gone to jail if not for his incredible ability to hoodwink her adoptive father , the human lie detector . 
 but everything was so messed up . 
 rhane was on eggshells with local law enforcement and her parents , because he 'd taken the blame for her vanishing act . 
 in truth , rhane could only account for twelve of the missing hours . 
 what if i hurt someone else ? 
 it was possible . 
 kali could n't recall anything before the morning of the present day . 
 she closed her eyes and forced everything else out of mind . 
 she needed to go back to where her memory ended . 
 monday night at the office , she had descended the stairs into the dark , chilly basement searching for the stolen artifact . 
 she had found it . 
 she studied the memory . 
 the statue , gorgeously crafted from the purest ivory and the blackest onyx , was the form of a woman entwined with her lover . 
 wes had told her its name . 
 she roped the words into focus . 
 the siren 's heart . 
 kali 's eyes flew open . 
 her hands were shaking . 
 the memory ended where that statue began . 
 the siren 's heart . 
 wes was the last person to see her before she had disappeared . 
 maybe talking to him could help her remember . 
 someone knocked at her door very softly . 
 kali knew it was lisa . 
 she quickly summoned a few tears , letting them well up and threaten to brim over . 
 `` come in . '' 
 she hoped her voice had trembled enough . 
 `` how are you , honey ? '' 
 kali nodded like she did n't trust herself to say too much . 
 `` downstairs ... you looked like you were ready for a fight . '' 
 at that , kali really could n't say anything . 
 she wanted to say she could never hurt anyone or anything . 
 but last night with rhane had proven that was n't true . 
 `` does he mean that much to you ? '' 
 stifling a real sob , she nodded again . 
 `` maybe you think greg and i overreacted . 
 kali , we thought you had been taken by someone . 
 these high profile cases your father and i take on tend to create enemies . 
 if something ever happened to either of our children because of something we did ... we could never forgive ourselves . '' 
 she took a seat on the bed beside kali . 
 `` i do n't think you overreacted . '' 
 she leaned her face into lisa 's shoulder . 
 the soft cashmere of her sweater muffled kali 's voice . 
 `` i was gone for two days . 
 i 'm the one who should have called . 
 it was wrong for me to make you guys so worried . '' 
 `` but it was n't only that . '' 
 lisa sighed . 
 `` you were one of two teenagers who went missing on the same night . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 kali lifted her head in surprise . 
 `` one of your classmates did n't show up for school today or yesterday . 
 the police have been looking for him too . 
 when he was found this morning , your father and i did n't know what to think . '' 
 `` oh my god . '' 
 kali slid away from her adoptive mother . 
 `` was he hurt ? '' 
 lisa hesitated . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` who was it ? '' 
 `` trevor walker . 
 is he a friend of yours ? '' 
 `` not exactly ... '' kali 's stomach clenched , threatening to skip the thirty-day notice and evict her entire breakfast . 
 she struggled to find enough courage to ask the next question . 
 `` what happened to him ? '' 
 `` they 're running tests . 
 they think trevor might have overexerted himself at practice . 
 got disoriented later and wandered off . 
 he was unconscious when he was found . '' 
 the explanation did n't sit well with kali 's gut feeling . 
 it would liberate her from all accountability , but she could n't bring herself to believe it . 
 trevor was admitted to the hospital on the same night she had become a life-sucking man-eater . 
 it was possible she had attacked him and did n't remember it . 
 overexertion . 
 they 'd said the same thing about the boy on the soccer field . 
 kali worked hard to clear her throat . 
 `` please , tell me that he 's going to be okay . '' 
 lisa nodded . 
 `` they found him in time . 
 he 's going to be fine . '' 
 it was great news . 
 but kali felt awful . 
 she wanted to dive underneath the covers and hide , even while knowing it was childish to think blankets could shield her from the guilt . 
 why do i have to be like this ? 
 a long moment passed when neither of them said anything . 
 then lisa took kali 's hand in hers . 
 `` i do agree with your father . 
 rhane is too old for you . 
 aside from that , you and callan just broke up . 
 it 's much too soon for you to be genuinely falling for someone else . 
 give it some time . '' 
 `` he saved me friday night . '' 
 kali had n't forgotten rhane 's warning , but she had to say something . 
 her parents needed to know what type of person he really was . 
 lisa 's expression was puzzled . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` some creep at the theater was harassing me . 
 when the movie got out , he was waiting outside . 
 i did n't know what was going to happen . 
 i was so scared . 
 then rhane showed up and made him go away . '' 
 after a beat of stunned silence , lisa gathered kali into her bosom , hugging her tightly and patting her hair . 
 `` thank god , you 're alright . '' 
 `` i did n't say anything sooner because i did n't want you guys to worry . '' 
 `` honey , we 're parents . 
 the worrying started as soon as your beautiful little face came to us . 
 it never stopped after that . '' 
 kali mustered a small smile . 
 `` but you do n't have to worry about him . 
 he really is a nice guy . '' 
 `` kali , he 's eight years older than you . '' 
 `` is n't greg eight years older than you ? '' 
 lisa pursed her lips . 
 `` yeah , and i thought he was a nice guy too . '' 
 but then she laughed , shaking her head . 
 `` maybe you should rethink law school . '' 
 her expression got serious again . 
 `` this is such a horrible time for both of us to leave town for work . 
 i 'll be flying out in a few days and greg 's plane leaves late tonight for d.c. maybe one of us should cancel . 
 larry has been great in assisting me these last few years for the defense . 
 i think he 's ready . 
 he could take the chair for me . '' 
 excitement fluttered through kali . 
 she had forgotten her parents were going away so soon . 
 it 'd be impossible for them to keep a foot down about her dating life from hundreds of miles away . 
 `` you do n't have to do that . 
 rozzy 's here to help look after me . 
 we 'll be fine . '' 
 `` as long as you two try to get along and work together . '' 
 patting her shoulder , lisa rose from the bed . 
 `` you were an independent and spirited young thing when greg and i first met you . 
 we did our best to nurture and not stifle . 
 you 've always followed your own heart , kali . 
 but at least consider what i said . 
 do n't rush things . '' 
 she lingered with her hand against the doorknob . 
 `` and i would n't worry too much about your father . 
 over the years he 's gotten good at recognizing bad guys . 
 he also knows a nice guy when he meets one . '' 
 feeling hopeful , kali allowed herself to genuinely smile . 
 chapter 32 a line of ants ran single file next to the dusty sole of a worn leather boot , unaware of the potential it held to crush their lives out of existence . 
 not that the thought had crossed the mind of the boot 's wearer . 
 human or animal , rhane had lost the taste for killing long ago . 
 the way he lounged against the tree lent him the air of a young slacker cutting class , simply too carefree to bother with the hassle of nearing midterms . 
 but appearances were deceiving . 
 york stood nearby . 
 over time , he had gotten a decent handle on reading his friend and knew rhane was nowhere near as relaxed as his mannerisms led one to believe . 
 rhane lifted his attention from the ants and looked up . 
 only years of close association had conditioned york against flinching at rhane 's unsettling disfigurement . 
 kin of their entire race were of dark hair and brown eyes . 
 those born of royal lines were set apart by white hair and translucent irises . 
 but in a genetic twist of cruelty , rhane ended up with eyes the color of bane silver , the glowing stone . 
 the oddity labeled him cursed and made him an outcast . 
 and yet , somehow he and york became and remained good friends , even after a much younger rhane rivaled him in rank . 
 `` tell me how she summoned you , '' rhane said . 
 york jumped into the story immediately . 
 `` tuesday morning , i was driving down the road when suddenly i got slammed with a skull splitting headache . 
 it was like someone was beating me with a hammer . 
 got so disoriented , i wrecked my truck . 
 it was her voice i heard , but not the one she has now . 
 it was the old kalista , the one from before . '' 
 `` what did she say ? '' 
 he shook his head slightly . 
 `` i could n't make out the words . 
 there was no sense to any of it . 
 she was in significant distress . 
 you gave an order to stay , but it sounded like you might need some help here . '' 
 `` you were right to come . '' 
 rhane was watching the ants again . 
 `` were the others affected ? '' 
 `` no , only me . '' 
 he digested the new information . 
 `` she does n't remember anything . 
 none of the past or me . 
 she has no idea what she is capable of . 
 and from what i can tell , most of her abilities are either latent or weakened . '' 
 as york gazed off at the dorms across the street , rhane sensed his reservation . 
 york almost certainly wanted to ask something that had the potential to piss him off . 
 and he did . 
 `` do you think this is your kalista , the woman you 've been searching for all this time ? '' 
 the question did irritate him , but rhane could understand why york would need to ask . 
 he committed himself to be tolerant . 
 `` it 's her . '' 
 `` are you absolutely certain ? '' 
 rhane frowned . 
 `` you know i hate repeating myself . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 rounding his shoulders , york folded his arms . 
 `` okay then , tell me this . 
 why , after all this time , were you only able to find her now ? 
 and in the united states of all places . 
 how much further from home could she get ? '' 
 he was n't being insubordinate ; he was concerned . 
 for all the ages rhane had known york , he could n't remember a time his friend had n't been there for him . 
 so , when white-hot anger stabbed through his chest , it was n't aimed at york , and it did n't stem from the line of questioning . 
 the anger grew from the painful memory of that day of blood and ash . 
 the day when he had lost everything . 
 `` you know i do n't believe she just left us . 
 kalista ... she would n't have done that . '' 
 york suppressed a sigh of regret . 
 he had n't meant to take rhane back to such a horrible place , especially knowing rhane blamed himself every single day for what had happened . 
 days became years . 
 years turned into decades . 
 and decades had stretched into centuries . 
 such a heavy burden of conscience threatened rhane 's soul . 
 they never spoke about the incident . 
 talk of it only pushed rhane deeper into the dark place . 
 york chose his words carefully . 
 `` a lot of people died that day , more or less our entire kin . 
 but it was n't your fault ... kalista was afraid for her own life . 
 she ran . '' 
 he watched rhane 's eyes begin to glow from within . 
 darkness mixed into the uncanny shade of green . 
 unique to him , the singularity typically happened when rhane was really angry or really turned on . 
 since it definitely was n't the latter , york quickly added , `` i 'm not saying she 's responsible for the massacre . 
 i do n't believe that either . '' 
 rhane 's irises continued to pulse . 
 he had learned to control it , but right then he did n't care to . 
 `` you do n't understand . 
 i found her after the incident . 
 but i could n't do it . 
 i could n't carry out my orders . 
 something had her afraid . 
 so frightened , she could barely speak . 
 she could n't tell me what had happened . 
 but it did n't matter . 
 i planned to lose the army and meet up with her later . 
 we were going run together . '' 
 york exhaled heavily . 
 it was difficult to process rhane 's confession and keep listening . 
 `` but you ran into flynn and his legion . '' 
 rhane 's voice dropped to a hoarse whisper . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` wow . '' 
 york folded both hands behind his head . 
 `` i 'd heard the rumors before i left . 
 but i did n't believe . 
 i did n't think that even you could ... '' he faltered , trying to absorb what rhane was admitting . 
 `` it was an entire legion . '' 
 a college of emotion transformed rhane 's features . 
 guilt . 
 shame . 
 rage . 
 defiance . 
 `` they had taken so much . 
 i could n't let them hurt her . '' 
 york had no words . 
 that rarely happened to him . 
 `` i found the children where we were supposed to meet . 
 but she never showed . 
 someone took her from me . 
 i see it now . 
 they took her memories and changed her somehow . 
 made it so i could n't find her . 
 they stole our life together . '' 
 rhane looked away into the setting sun . 
 the burning anger in his eyes began to cool . 
 he closed them briefly . 
 york still had n't spoken . 
 `` i understand if you can no longer follow me . '' 
 the way york saw things , it was n't a decision . 
 rhane had earned his loyalty a thousand times over . 
 he found his voice . 
 `` we were a small unit , but there were many of the men who would have followed you , even through this . 
 i just wish you had trusted them more . 
 and trusted me more ... what you lost was important to us all . '' 
 rhane jerked his head in a nod . 
 york left things there . 
 he could n't bring himself to make rhane relive such a painful memory . 
 bending his long legs , he crouched next to his friend . 
 `` i can only think of one race of beings with the power and enough of a god-complex to accomplish what you 're saying . '' 
 `` then we are on the same page . '' 
 `` no one is sure these guys exist . 
 how are we going to pick a fight with them ? '' 
 `` i think i only found kalista now because they wanted me to . 
 staying close to her should lead us to them . '' 
 `` for all of our sakes , i hope you 're wrong about this . '' 
 york blew another breath into the evening air . 
 `` but it would explain why the three of them do n't remember anything from that day . '' 
 `` yeah , it would . '' 
 `` will this ever get any easier ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 rhane 's voice drifted away . 
 `` we were born to fight against such odds . '' 
 york decided it was time to lighten things up a bit . 
 it was the least he could do before heaping more crap on rhane 's evening . 
 `` well , when we find these guys , make sure you at least thank them . 
 i mean , you got ta admit . 
 though she 's sorta young and does n't look precisely the same , your girl is in a smoking hot body . '' 
 he went on to tally aloud the list of attributes he most appreciated . 
 `` dark silky hair , nice curves , smoldering bedroom eyes that could literally kill you , did i mention her ... '' he let the sentence trail . 
 rhane had returned to the present with a thunderous glare . 
 york grinned . 
 things were as if rhane had not just revealed his deepest , darkest secret . 
 at least , he hoped that had been rhane 's deepest , darkest secret . 
 `` just making sure you stayed with me . '' 
 `` mission accomplished , '' rhane said dryly . 
 he surveyed the college campus . 
 `` did you take care of that other thing ? '' 
 `` i put rion on it . 
 right now your credit card history should show a day of shopping at the charleston coast over the past two days . 
 so when daddy-o checks , the books will match the tale . 
 make sure you run through the details with kalista . '' 
 `` done . 
 rion knows not to get too creative ? '' 
 `` i warned him to keep it classy . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 rhane did n't want to know the rest but asked anyway . 
 night was arriving fast , and they would need to get moving soon . 
 there was a lot to be done before morning . 
 he checked his watch . 
 `` is there any particular reason you insisted we meet here ? '' 
 `` there is . 
 but i need to begin somewhere else first . '' 
 several students were milling around the commons . 
 both he and york looked as if they belonged there , though york was more likely to be mistaken for a star running back on the football team . 
 rhane listened to the conversation of three students headed to a study group and waited until they passed out of human ear shot . 
 `` make it fast . '' 
 `` a boy from kalista 's school did n't show up for any of his classes tuesday . 
 they found him this morning . '' 
 rhane 's expression turned grim . 
 `` alive ? '' 
 `` barely . 
 he 's in a coma over at providence icu . 
 at this point the police are no longer involved . 
 the authorities recovered him and the medical work up ruled out any suspicion of a crime . '' 
 `` what 's the official report ? '' 
 `` exhaustion . '' 
 york quoted the word with two fingers marking the air . 
 `` the kid 's brains got scrambled after practice . 
 he wandered off the path on his way home from school and fainted . '' 
 `` it sounds very unlikely . '' 
 rhane was distracted with his own thoughts . 
 `` how long are you going to keep me waiting for the punch line ? '' 
 `` trust me . 
 it 's a side splitter . '' 
 york pointed across the street to a row of wooden dorm facilities on stilts . 
 `` those are pine view dorms , the oldest campus lodgings but also the most isolated . 
 everyone wants to live there , especially kids that prize partying over studying . 
 a sophomore went missing from a party there monday night . '' 
 rhane exhaled slowly . 
 `` have they found him ? '' 
 york shook his head . 
 `` not yet . 
 the cops are all over it though . '' 
 `` how far is this college from where she works ? '' 
 `` not even five miles . '' 
 rhane swore . 
 `` we have to find out if anyone saw or heard anything on campus . '' 
 york agreed that was the right course of action . 
 it was why he had wanted to come here . 
 all the same , he was determined to stay positive . 
 kalista would have the benefit of his doubt for as long as he could give it to her . 
 `` even though she went missing the same night as the boys , we have no reason to suspect her . 
 maybe it 's all a long string of coincidences and she had nothing to do with any of it . '' 
 `` i do n't believe in coincidences . 
 right now we have to assume the worst . 
 when the authorities find the second kid , he may not be alive . 
 in a small town like this , be sure every angle will get pursued . 
 three kids went missing in the same night . 
 all it takes is one person with a hunch to connect the dots and start asking questions . 
 and if there 's a solid connection between them and kalista , we need to find it first . '' 
 he glanced up . 
 two athletic looking males were walking toward them but were too far away to hear anything . 
 `` search this campus . 
 see if you can find any sign she was here . 
 ask around , but be discreet . 
 if someone saw kalista at either scene , the story i told greg will fall apart and he 'll be after the truth with every resource at his back . 
 we do n't want that . 
 what names did you get ? '' 
 `` the boy from her school is trevor walker . 
 and the missing college brat is king david greyson . '' 
 `` i assumed you tried tracking her already . '' 
 `` she left nothing . 
 her trail stopped cold at mack ventures , inc. . 
 but it reappears at the estate . '' 
 `` she could have shed her human form . '' 
 he rubbed his jaw , falling silent as the jocks passed . 
 `` have the twins try things from the other end . 
 go to king 's dorm -- '' `` it 's king david . '' 
 york grinned . 
 `` i 'm not calling him that . '' 
 rhane face was deadpan . 
 `` find his trail and follow it until it 's cold . 
 i want him found . 
 have them call me before doing anything else , no matter what condition he 's in . 
 understood ? '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 the noise the two guys were making grew louder as they returned to where rhane and york were standing . 
 the shorter one called out to them . 
 `` hey , man ! 
 the party is in pine view tonight ! '' 
 `` be there or be squares ! '' 
 his friend chimed in and then burst into a loud guffaw at his own joke . 
 york looked at rhane . 
 `` are people still saying that ? '' 
 `` it smelled like that guy was already trashed . '' 
 `` well , i think i feel like sharing some hard liquor in the name of good detective work . '' 
 in spite of his mood , rhane surrendered to a wry grin . 
 `` before you go binge drinking with a bunch of college idiots , i need you to help me do something . '' 
 `` is it illegal ? '' 
 rhane 's smile widened . 
 `` of course . '' 
 chapter 33 from the college , the trip to mack ventures , inc. was a short one . 
 being inside an automobile with someone else driving made york nervous no matter the distance . 
 he pelted rhane with questions , finding it pretty much impossible to stop talking . 
 `` what about my truck ? 
 did i mention it was totaled ? '' 
 rhane shrugged . 
 `` was that thing even worth the gas you put in it ? 
 there was no carpet on the floor . 
 the only intact window was rolled down permanently . 
 and three shades of rust is hardly a paint job . '' 
 seeing york squirm had improved rhane 's mood . 
 `` besides , i know how much a ride along makes you all fluttery inside . '' 
 york ignored the jab . 
 `` that truck was old but it had sentimental value . 
 i think it should be replaced with something right off the lot , a brand spanking new one . '' 
 he stroked the leather console of rhane 's relatively new ride . 
 `` the grain on this baby is nice . '' 
 rhane did n't bother with a reply . 
 york 's fantasy upgrade from junk to a forty grand set of wheels at his expense was going to be a stretch . 
 `` seriously , man , i lost my virginity in the tail bed . '' 
 `` you 're absolutely full of shit . '' 
 york grinned . 
 `` you 'll come around . '' 
 he sat quiet for a few seconds , drumming his fingers against the door to a tune only he could hear . 
 then he pounced on a new topic . 
 `` so he said his name was bailen , huh ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` he 's pretty small . 
 even rion is bigger . '' 
 `` yeah , '' rhane repeated distantly . 
 `` is it possible for him not to be an adult ? 
 the surviving children have since reached maturity . '' 
 rhane shifted uneasily but did not respond . 
 `` where did you find him ? '' 
 `` i did n't . 
 he found me . '' 
 `` bailen is n't a common name for us . '' 
 more than a hint of skepticism tinged york 's words . 
 rhane glanced over at him and snapped the blinker on to signal an upcoming turn . 
 `` i trust him . '' 
 `` i 'm not saying you should n't ... but -- '' `` putting ` but ' in there negates everything you said before it . '' 
 york acknowledged that with a nod . 
 `` okay , scratch that . '' 
 his expression was serious enough to openly convey concern . 
 `` this guy refuses to reveal himself to you . 
 his behavior is in blatant defiance of our laws -- and yet you accept him . 
 what has he done to earn that kind of trust ? '' 
 rhane 's right hand gripped the steering wheel and then went slack again . 
 `` he would change if i ordered him to . '' 
 `` but you have n't . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 rhane wished he 'd back off the subject . 
 `` he could be a spy . '' 
 `` he 's not . '' 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 the finality of rhane 's tone had not escaped york 's notice , but he could n't resist saying one more thing . 
 `` i think he 's a pup . '' 
 `` york ... that 's impossible . '' 
 `` but what if -- '' `` no . '' 
 his patience already stretched thin , the direction the conversation had taken was a dangerous one . 
 not a day had gone by when rhane had n't pondered the possibilities a hundred times over . 
 but he could never venture there aloud . 
 `` we saved all we could . 
 let this go . '' 
 pain fluttered through his chest . 
 he scowled when it threatened to reach his face . 
 rhane reached up to adjust the rearview mirror . 
 hell would freeze over before york could be silenced , but maybe for both their sakes rhane could at least give him something else to talk about . 
 `` i think being around her again has caused some changes ... i 'm getting the old me back . '' 
 he waited , watching york as much as he could while giving enough attention to the road ahead . 
 the redirection worked . 
 york 's face was twitching , barely able to contain the anticipation . 
 `` banewolf ? '' 
 rhane shook his head , holding up his right hand so york could see his palm remained as bare as the rest of their kinsmen . 
 the mark that made him special had not returned . 
 `` i did n't say i was back . 
 but i think i 'm getting there . 
 the other day i cleared a twenty foot pool . '' 
 `` straight on or sideways ? '' 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 `` it does if the pool was anything but a twenty by twenty . '' 
 `` for pete 's sake , it was twenty feet wide and forty feet long . 
 i cleared it sideways . '' 
 `` sweet . '' 
 the grin on york 's face extended from one ear to the other . 
 `` so , when others follow you to her , we might have a chance . '' 
 `` thanks for the vote of confidence . '' 
 `` you can always count on it . 
 and hey , worst case scenario : we all die . '' 
 rhane hit the brake , putting the gear in park as the truck came to a full stop behind a pair of dumpsters . 
 `` this is it . '' 
 york looked around expectantly . 
 nothing in their immediate surroundings stood out . 
 he stared ahead at the dumpsters . 
 `` impressive . '' 
 `` i 'll scout around front . 
 you take the back . '' 
 york grinned . 
 `` and we 'll meet up in two seconds ? '' 
 `` and then we 'll go up together . '' 
 rhane jerked his head impatiently to the left . 
 `` the building is across the street . '' 
 rhane did n't seem ready to exit the truck , so york opened the sunroof and poked his head through . 
 he found the building easily . 
 large and isolated , the exterior was warehouse style . 
 two stories , possibly a third existed below street level . 
 `` so , that 's where she works . 
 not too shabby . '' 
 he settled back into the passenger seat . 
 `` what are we doing here ? '' 
 `` someone stole the siren 's heart . '' 
 `` but the deal was worked out . '' 
 rhane checked the time . 
 `` i 've had several meetings with a chinese contact . 
 going in , i knew his loyalties were dubious but he was the one with access to what i needed . 
 for years he 's been a respectable custodian for the remnants of our culture . '' 
 york scoffed . 
 `` i remember how he got the reins in the first place . '' 
 `` yeah , like i said , dubious . '' 
 rhane paused in thoughtful distaste . 
 `` when i flew to baotou , he changed the place of meeting to coordinates within the greater khingan mountain range near the mongolian border . 
 an american team was on site , apparently with a contract to dig . 
 those idiots set off a blast that left my ears ringing for hours . '' 
 york 's interest was piqued . 
 `` what do you think they were looking for ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , but there is something buried in those mountains that does n't need to be found ... especially by humans . '' 
 `` i bet your contact , tsai , knew what they were looking for . '' 
 `` i 'm sure he does . 
 he requested the meeting so i would see the search team . '' 
 york lifted an eyebrow . 
 `` is that what he said ? '' 
 rhane shook his head . 
 `` he was indifferent to the americans blasting holes so close to sacred ruins . '' 
 york waited for him to say more , but rhane had fallen into a pensive silence . 
 good thing york did n't mind interrupting . 
 `` just so we 're clear ... . 
 tsai was n't suspicious -- and that made you suspicious ? '' 
 rhane trained his focus on york again . 
 `` my concern right now is getting the statue back . 
 tsai thinks someone pretending to be with the dig snuck in and stole it . 
 and that man works here . '' 
 `` how do you know it was a man ? 
 it could 've been a sexy cat burglar . 
 that would be way more interesting . '' 
 rhane continued as if york had n't spoken . 
 `` a few days ago , kalista was carrying a file from this place . 
 i did n't have long to look at it , but the unfinished permits and bogus coordinates stood out like a red devil in a christmas parade . 
 beneath the fluff some of it was real . 
 does n't 43-94 ’n sound familiar to you ? '' 
 york 's fingers drummed again . 
 `` my geography is rusty , but those sound like desert coordinates . 
 it 's worth checking out . '' 
 `` there were pictures too , actual drawings of the artifact . 
 kalista has seen the statue . 
 she just did n't know what she was looking at . 
 when i saw the pictures in her possession , i knew i needed to talk to tsai in person . 
 but i hoped my suspicions were wrong . '' 
 `` well , you 're not wrong very often . '' 
 york nodded toward the building . 
 `` you think this guy is dumb enough to stash the stolen goods at home base ? '' 
 `` let 's go find out . '' 
 they left the truck without further discussion . 
 rhane took the lead with york close at his heels . 
 their progress was silent and swift , moving with the night instead of through it . 
 a pair of headlights swept by and they quickly ducked into the shadow of a neighboring building . 
 the car passed and they glided forward again , this time stopping at the rear wall of mack ventures . 
 york waited . 
 `` alarm ? '' 
 rhane pointed up . 
 `` not on the second floor . '' 
 york followed the finger and spotted a small window in the darkness . 
 `` do you want me to climb up and check things out ? 
 i doubt i 'll be able to disable any alarms to let you in . '' 
 rhane smirked and placed his hands on the building 's linoleum sidings . 
 `` follow my lead . '' 
 york watched and waited , holding his breath as rhane scaled up the side of the building . 
 if rhane had overestimated his abilities , an awkward plunge to the pavement would soon follow . 
 the fall would n't kill him but might slow him down for a few days and leave a bad bruise on his ego . 
 york lingered until rhane was halfway to the window . 
 then he started up the wall . 
 moving at a much quicker pace , he reached the top only seconds after rhane . 
 the window was unlocked . 
 rhane slid it open , slipping through easily with a smile . 
 it felt good to be back . 
 he checked himself . 
 well , you 're not back yet . 
 york 's head popped into the opening . 
 his face was plastered with an excited grin . 
 `` that was wicked ! '' 
 shaking his head , rhane offered a hand to help haul the bigger man inside . 
 he only had a second to worry if his massive shoulders would fit . 
 then york 's body abruptly stopped moving forward at chest level . 
 besides his head , only an arm and part of one shoulder had made it through . 
 york looked at rhane with disgust . 
 `` did you think about this ? '' 
 frowning , rhane put a finger to his lips . 
 `` these cameras have audio . '' 
 he examined the wedge made between the small window and york 's body . 
 `` this is going to hurt . '' 
 with one hand clamped firmly across york 's mouth , rhane dragged him forward . 
 an anguished moan wheezed from between york 's lips , preceded by an alarming popping sound and followed by the grating of skin against metal and wood . 
 rhane eased him to the floor but did not relax his hold until the murder left york 's eyes . 
 `` ouch , '' he whispered savagely and used several other colorful expressions when rhane released him . 
 rhane waited a moment before moving forward , giving york time to gather composure . 
 then he led the way across the room , keeping close to the walls to stay within the cameras ' most probable blind spots . 
 he reached the stairwell and looked over his shoulder to make sure york was still with him . 
 the big guy was pissed . 
 but he was keeping up , supporting the shoulder as he moved . 
 the stairs went to the first floor , a sizeable room filled with cubicles and assorted office furniture . 
 rhane scanned until he found the desk that smelled the most like kalista . 
 he made a motion for york to follow . 
 the surface of her desk was organized but overwhelmed with folders , charts , and binders . 
 rhane opened a drawer and was rewarded with even more stuff . 
 meeting york 's eye , he shook his head once . 
 york nodded in agreement . 
 `` you need rion for this . '' 
 rhane turned his attention to the desktop computer . 
 a blinking power light belied the dormant monitor . 
 he tapped the mouse . 
 seconds later , the screen hummed to life and a photo of kali and a tall , blond kid wallpapered the background . 
 someone had captured a candid moment on film as they laughed in mid-kiss . 
 rhane 's left eye twitched . 
 he swept over the icons and found a folder labeled `` 4394 '' conveniently saved to the desktop . 
 double clicking , he opened the file . 
 york spoke for them both . 
 `` this is serious doo doo . '' 
 rhane punched a few keys and waited while the computer worked . 
 `` there 's another level . '' 
 `` i 'm right behind you , fearless leader . '' 
 chapter 34 rhane closed the screens and manually returned the computer to a low power state . 
 they took the stairs to the basement and were greeted with the building 's most highly secured level . 
 a latticework of infrared lasers barred every route , lacing through the entire room of artifacts , protecting them from anyone who desired to relieve the company of their worth . 
 rhane started forward . 
 `` watch your step . '' 
 `` wait . '' 
 york grabbed his arm . 
 `` can you see them ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' rhane said , and shrugged the hand off . 
 avoiding the laser grid required the combined skills of a gymnast and a contortionist . 
 but their superhuman agility conquered the obstacle with little difficulty . 
 at the far corner of the basement , rhane halted . 
 a deeper sense told him that he had reached the siren 's heart . 
 he also knew kalista had stood in the exact same spot only a short time before . 
 what happened to her after she saw the statue , he could only guess . 
 but it had ended with him , at the mansion . 
 rhane studied three cameras positioned above and around the exhibit . 
 more than likely , using the dial to illuminate what was inside would activate them if not an alarm itself . 
 unfortunately , the opaque screen guaranteed the artifact could not be viewed otherwise . 
 york stood quietly behind rhane . 
 maneuvering through the lasers had exacerbated the pain in his dislocated shoulder . 
 but it did n't diminish his sense of humor . 
 `` too bad i left my x-ray vision in the other suitcase . '' 
 rhane let his fingers hover above the knob . 
 just past the exterior calm was a whirlwind of regret and anger . 
 his own failings had carried them to this point . 
 twisting the dial slightly to the right , he brought the light to a faint glow and instantly recognized the split figurine that was separate but entwined as one . 
 one body was made of pure and ageless ivory and the other from flawless onyx . 
 the opposites united into a tornado of color unmatched by any artist 's brush , and ended in the pitch of darkness . 
 rhane reached underneath his jacket , releasing the desert eagle from its shoulder harness . 
 the gun dangled at his side as he made a decision . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure the glass is bullet proof , '' york offered . 
 `` not to this it is n't . '' 
 rhane raised the weapon . 
 `` get ready . '' 
 he fired three shots in rapid succession . 
 a framework of spider webs appeared with the impact of each bullet , spreading across the glass like cracking ice . 
 the display collapsed upon itself , and rhane reached inside to retrieve the statue . 
 as soon as his fingers touched it , he realized something was very different . 
 `` what 's that smell ? '' 
 york asked . 
 rhane could n't reply . 
 so familiar ... the smell stirred something . 
 a memory ? 
 perhaps a vision ? 
 he let out a startled gasp as foreign energy took hold of his mind . 
 suddenly , a full moon loomed above his head like a beacon , breathing light across dark waters . 
 no ... it was a sea of sand . 
 rhane reached down and gathered a handful , letting the silken grains drizzle from between his fingers . 
 the wind whisked them away , returning the dust to the sandy shores of the desert . 
 the smell of monkshood and heather filled his nostrils . 
 then a monster rose out of the sands . 
 humans surrounded the ugly beast , worshiping it . 
 howling creatures emerged from the night to join them . 
 they circled the humans hungrily , four-legged shadows in the night . 
 the creatures began to absorb the humans . 
 the monster smiled , and looked up at rhane with red eyes full of hatred . 
 pain shot through his skull like a hot knife . 
 he blinked against the agony . 
 when his eyes opened again , the pain was gone . 
 but now ... they are surrounded ! 
 kalista ... she 's in danger . 
 there 's no escape . 
 the monster is coming . 
 it runs across the desert sands , fueled by ravenous hunger . 
 a horde of its minions follow in eager pursuit . 
 pain sliced through rhane 's mind again . 
 he ca n't see anything . 
 the tunnels ! 
 here , a voice speaks to him . 
 there is blood on the walls . 
 it smells like his blood . 
 rhane shudders . 
 blue symbols appear in the old language . 
 he ca n't read them . 
 here , it whispers again . 
 the doors open . 
 york is screaming . 
 rhane looks at him , unable to understand . 
 york 's lips are moving . 
 get inside . 
 pain . 
 in his head . 
 gets worse . 
 he ca n't move . 
 rhane . 
 get inside . 
 something is shaking him . 
 his head snaps back and forth , threatening to roll off his shoulders . 
 york 's face is less than an inch from his . 
 he looks very worried . 
 rhane let go . 
 he left the dark sands behind and was met with a shockwave of activity bursting its way through the fog that clouded his mind . 
 all around him , lasers flashed like seizure inducing strobe lights . 
 sirens wailed in the near distance . 
 it was more than enough to overload his senses . 
 he heard york speaking to him in a terse whisper . 
 `` rhane , buddy , whatever this is , you got ta snap out of it . 
 in less than a minute cops are going to be crawling all over this place . '' 
 rhane did n't respond , so york shook him . 
 rhane winced . 
 that part was real . 
 `` you 're bleeding . '' 
 he followed york 's wide-eyed gaze , bringing one hand to the side of his head . 
 his fingers came away wet and sticky with blood . 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 he did n't understand what had happened . 
 the events he 'd seen had taken place somewhere very far away , but he had been there . 
 the smell and feel of everything had been as real as the heavy statue he held . 
 yet , he and york were in the basement of mack ventures . 
 and he was almost sure they 'd never left . 
 rhane looked down at his hands . 
 the siren 's heart . 
 only it was n't . 
 york shook him again . 
 `` we have to go now . '' 
 rhane shoved away , staggering backward with the effort . 
 his head felt wrong . 
 `` that 's not helping . '' 
 `` i need you to be here , '' york said through clenched teeth . 
 sirens wailed again . 
 they were just outside . 
 rhane looked at york . 
 `` let 's move . '' 
 the statue slipped from hands . 
 york caught it before it hit the floor . 
 `` leave it , '' rhane ordered . 
 york stared at rhane like he was out of his mind . 
 `` this is what we came for . '' 
 `` no it is n't . 
 leave it , '' he repeated . 
 they plunged into the grid . 
 with the alarm already triggered , there was no need to avoid the lasers . 
 they reached the stairwell in seconds . 
 york got there first and took the stairs in several leaps . 
 rhane followed closely . 
 they darted across the second level and to their original point of entry . 
 rhane slid out the small window , bracing himself against the building in case york needed help . 
 but the dislocated shoulder made york 's escape much easier and did n't slow him as they descended the wall . 
 two unmarked police cars sped down the alley between the buildings , passing right below them . 
 they jumped halfway down and hit the ground with jarring force . 
 two more squad cars streaked past as they ducked into the cover of a dumpster . 
 after a moment , they trotted across the street to the pickup . 
 york was reaching for the passenger door when rhane grabbed him . 
 taking a hold of the injured arm , he twisted the big man around to force him backward in one smooth arc of motion . 
 york 's shoulder slammed against the truck and there was a muffled pop as the joint repositioned properly , ball into socket . 
 grimacing , he hoarsely swore his thanks and climbed into the cab . 
 rhane drove out of the lot at normal speed , even coming to a complete stop before entering the highway . 
 when they had traveled some distance away from the police , he switched on the headlights . 
 the vision , real or not , left a sense of urgency pulsing through his blood . 
 york kept an eye on their six . 
 there was n't a tail . 
 facing forward , he raised his right arm to test the shoulder . 
 he winced . 
 the pain was there but not as bad as before . 
 `` are you going to tell me what just happened ? '' 
 he 'd been trying not to think of how rhane had completely lost it down in the basement . 
 there was no easy way to say it . 
 so , rhane let the hammer drop . 
 `` i do n't know what the american team in great khingan were looking for . 
 but they found gabriel . 
 they 've released that monster . '' 
 `` worst case scenario , '' york muttered . 
 chapter 35 the ringing telephone awoke kali from a troubled sleep . 
 instead of being pursued by a beast and the horseman , in this dream , she had been the huntress . 
 she was surrounded by grey light , stalking someone or something in a thick forest . 
 the driving hunger she felt lingered even as she sat up and groggily checked the bedside clock . 
 it was four a.m. kali pounded her head back into the pillow with a groan . 
 a call at such an ungodly hour could only mean someone was dead or dying . 
 lisa would be better qualified to handle it . 
 seven rings later , her adoptive mom had n't answered and the machine had n't taken over . 
 it was n't going to stop . 
 she was wide awake now . 
 all hopes of returning to sleep were dashed . 
 dragging her body from the bed , she stumbled out into the hall and down the stairs . 
 on the twentieth ring , she snatched the phone from its cradle and considering pitching the entire thing through the kitchen window . 
 barely winning the struggle against the slew of swear words that came to mind , she held the receiver and waited . 
 the voice on the other end was too faint to recognize . 
 `` kali , is that you ? '' 
 not trusting herself to respond in a manner that would respect lisa 's house rules , kali said nothing . 
 she glanced at the microwave clock . 
 four zero eight . 
 whoever it was had about three seconds to give her a compelling reason to not hang up . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 the voice got stronger . 
 `` this is wesley . 
 i need to speak with kalista . '' 
 he sounded very tense . 
 instant worry broke through her sleep-deprived crankiness . 
 wes had been on edge a lot lately . 
 it was especially odd for someone so usually laid back and unaffected by the crap around him . 
 she briefly fought a yawn before surrendering to it . 
 `` kali , say something . 
 do n't just hold the phone . '' 
 `` wes , what is this ? '' 
 she let another pointed yawn escape . 
 `` it 's four in the morning . 
 i am asleep . 
 i have school in a few hours . '' 
 `` it 's good to hear your voice . 
 i was worried . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry for scaring everyone . 
 but could n't you have waited till , i dunno , eight o’clock to call ? 
 getting me out of bed like this is cruel and unusual punishment . '' 
 `` kalista , this is n't a joke , '' he said sharply . 
 `` ok . 
 what 's going on with you ? '' 
 there was a long pause . 
 for a moment she wondered if he was still on the line . 
 he finally answered . 
 `` someone broke into mack ventures last night . 
 they were after the siren 's heart . '' 
 oh wow . 
 she had n't been expecting that . 
 `` was it stolen ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 wes sighed . 
 `` the structure containing it was destroyed . 
 but the statue was left behind . '' 
 `` that does n't make any sense . 
 the basement is the most highly secured area in the building . 
 someone went through a whole lot of trouble to not steal something . 
 and what does this have to do with me ? 
 i brought the file back . 
 you do n't think i had anything to do with this , do you ? '' 
 `` of course not . '' 
 `` then i 'm going back to bed . 
 goodbye . '' 
 `` kali , do n't hang up ! '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i called because mr. richards is worried . 
 he 's moved up the meeting with the buyer . 
 it 's going to take place this saturday instead of next week . '' 
 `` that 's in two days . '' 
 `` i know . 
 your plane is scheduled to leave in three hours . 
 get a bag packed . 
 i 'll be there by five . '' 
 `` are you insane ? 
 my parents are n't going to let me go anywhere after the stunt i just pulled . 
 i have n't received official word yet , but i 'm pretty sure i 'm grounded until graduation . '' 
 `` get a bag packed , and be ready when i get there . 
 i 'll deal with your parents . '' 
 the phone produced a hard click as the connection ended abruptly . 
 as she went upstairs , kali wondered how much confidence to put in wes 's assurance that he could convince lisa to let her go on this trip . 
 she grabbed the purple and black paisley printed duffel from the top shelf of her closet . 
 tossing the bag on the bed , she began throwing clothes inside . 
 for the next forty-five minutes , she zipped around like a madwoman . 
 the original trip would have been an extended weekend , but with the earlier date kali did n't know how long to pack for . 
 she had no idea of what sort of climate to expect either . 
 the location of the meeting had yet to be disclosed . 
 a chorus of chirping sounded from outside her bedroom window . 
 kali looked up . 
 stew and pat , not usually awake until dawn , were perched on the window sill . 
 she went over to the window and slid the pane glass upward . 
 `` hello , fellas . '' 
 the finches chirped . 
 `` i 'll be going on a trip soon . 
 you two may have to fend for yourselves for a bit . '' 
 she gathered a double heaping of wild bird seed and dumped it into a pile outside the window . 
 `` that should hold you for a few days , as long as you do n't tell the whole neighborhood . '' 
 the birds chattered exuberantly . 
 landing on top of the buffet , they began feasting eagerly . 
 kali chuckled . 
 `` better slow down . '' 
 much calmer , she was smiling when she left the window to finish the task of packing . 
 three minutes before five , two hard knocks landed on the front door . 
 kali hurried downstairs . 
 as always , wes was right on time . 
 he came inside and planted a tender kiss on her forehead . 
 the gesture was probably meant to make up for being so cross earlier . 
 `` good morning . '' 
 she accepted the unspoken apology , greeting him with a warm hello . 
 `` where are they ? '' 
 he asked , referring to her parents . 
 `` greg is in d.c taking a big time corporation to trial . 
 his plane flew out late last night , technically this morning . 
 and lisa is in bed . '' 
 wes started up the stairs . 
 `` which bedroom is hers ? '' 
 `` whoa . 
 second door on the left . 
 and that is totally your funeral . '' 
 less than ten minutes later , both wes and lisa stood in the kitchen . 
 the latter was trying unsuccessfully to hide a worried expression . 
 she hugged kali tightly . 
 `` i love you . 
 please be safe . '' 
 what did you say to her ? 
 she mouthed to wes over lisa 's shoulder . 
 of course , he did n't answer . 
 but he did glance at his watch . 
 `` wesley has promised to take good care of you . '' 
 lisa patted kali 's hair . 
 `` you 're going to end up with that davidson founder internship , are n't you ? '' 
 kali smiled . 
 `` i hope so . '' 
 she made a mental note to drag the details of this unbelievable negotiation out of wes later . 
 lisa continued to fuss . 
 meanwhile , wes quietly gathered the luggage and loaded it into the back of his suv . 
 then it was time to go . 
 lisa recited a last minute checklist of everything commonly forgotten from suitcases . 
 kali nodded , only halfway paying attention . 
 lisa 's concession still had her dumbfounded . 
 when wes pulled on his seat belt and started the engine , kali interrupted her . 
 `` i think i 've got everything . 
 thank you , lisa . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 she gathered kali in her arms . 
 `` are you sure about this ? '' 
 lisa nodded tearfully . 
 `` yes . 
 you have to go . '' 
 she managed a smile . 
 `` you grew up so fast . 
 it seems like only yesterday when you were a little girl asking me to cut the crusts from your sandwiches . '' 
 `` you guys did a great job . 
 now stop talking like you 're never going to see me again . 
 wes is wearing his impatient look . '' 
 `` okay , honey . 
 be careful . '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 `` do n't befriend any more strange men . '' 
 kali laughed . 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 receiving a final hug and motherly kiss , she got into the suv . 
 wes pulled away from the place she 'd called home for most of her life , taking her to a destination that was unknown . 
 # at the airport garage , wes circled several levels in search of decent parking but ended up jamming the suv between two vehicles in a tiny space meant for compact cars . 
 as he grabbed her duffle and carry-on from the back , kali noticed something curious . 
 `` where 's your stuff ? '' 
 `` this way , '' he responded curtly . 
 with movements matching his abrupt tone , he began walking toward the glass paneled doors . 
 there was nothing to do except follow . 
 he led her directly to the terminal . 
 the flight had been delayed and would n't be boarding for another half hour . 
 as she spotted mack and shannon seated nearby , the blonde noticed kali and waved . 
 mack 's expression hit the charts somewhere between a smile and a grimace . 
 kali nodded hello . 
 there was too much on her mind to be concerned with interpreting his mood . 
 without a word , he stood up and walked several paces away . 
 wes followed . 
 she rearranged her luggage , surreptitiously eyeing shannon 's outfit . 
 she wore more clothing than usual . 
 but her jeans were skin tight , and the lycra and cotton blend tank top left little to the imagination . 
 kali put two chairs between herself and shannon . 
 but the intern moved to the seat right next to her anyway . 
 `` this is weird , huh ? '' 
 `` if you mean getting dragged out of bed at four a.m. to catch a plane for a meeting because someone broke into the office to steal a prized artifact only to not steal it , then yes . '' 
 shannon tossed her hair . 
 `` oh yeah , that was weird too . 
 but i was referring to you , me , and the boss going as a threesome . 
 wes is mack 's right hand man . 
 on important deals like this he 's always been there . '' 
 kali 's suspicions had been correct . 
 wes was n't going . 
 he had lied to her and to lisa . 
 she fought hard not to show the betrayal she was feeling . 
 there was no need to give shannon more ammo . 
 the girl had plenty enough to take aim with . 
 `` yeah , it 's weird alright . '' 
 `` it 's whatever . 
 i 'm excited to be going to mongolia ! 
 the mountains there are beautiful . '' 
 `` how do you know that ? '' 
 `` i 've seen pictures in national geographic . '' 
 kali shook her head . 
 `` i meant , how do you know we 're going to mongolia ? '' 
 shannon 's voice changed to drip with false sympathy . 
 `` do n't feel bad because no one told you . 
 i only found out earlier this week . 
 the location was supposed to be top secret and all but ... '' her eyes slid suggestively toward where mack and wes were still talking . 
 `` a man will tell you anything if you ask in the right way . '' 
 kali felt an involuntary spasm ripple across her face . 
 she bent to fumble with her bag in an attempt to hide it . 
 but shannon had noticed and was insulted . 
 `` you 're not half as pretty when you 're jealous . '' 
 tired of the intern 's self-righteous attitude and testy from being awoken three hours before her alarm went off , kali snapped . 
 `` i am not jealous of the pathetic relationship you have going on with our boss . 
 you 're a smart girl , shannon . 
 this naked parade you 're so intent on being a mascot in is covering for a deficiency you do n't have . 
 try using your brain more often and people will see you for the right reasons . '' 
 shannon folded her arms and stuck her lip out in a full on pout . 
 then she slid away from kali . 
 kali scolded herself mentally for the outburst . 
 sure , what she said was true . 
 no doubt about that . 
 but over the next few days , she and shannon would be spending a lot of time together . 
 they had n't boarded the plane and already she had managed to offend the intern . 
 kali took a deep breath and touched shannon 's arm . 
 `` i 'm sorry if i hurt your feelings . '' 
 shannon responded with a sniff and stuck her nose higher into the air . 
 kali committed herself to make things better . 
 `` maybe i am upset because you know more about this deal than me . 
 i think i work just as hard for this company . '' 
 relaxing her shoulders a bit , shannon relinquished a stiff nod . 
 okay , apology accepted ? 
 a moment later , the guys returned . 
 wes looked nowhere near as anxious as he had before . 
 even mack 's voice had taken on a surprisingly pleasant tone . 
 `` get your things , ladies . 
 the plane is ready to start boarding . '' 
 then men shook hands . 
 mack left several last minute instructions for the office . 
 wes hugged her goodbye and then he was walking away . 
 wanting to ask why he had lied and what was really going on and why all the secrecy , kali bit her lip . 
 maybe wes had lied because she had lied . 
 `` wes , '' she called . 
 he stopped and she jogged the distance to catch up . 
 her words came hesitantly . 
 `` something ... has been bothering me . '' 
 his eyes sharpened with concern . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` the other day when you asked if i 'd been having bad dreams or trouble remembering things ... i lied to you . 
 something happened friday , and at first i could n't remember what . 
 on monday , i blacked out again . 
 i lost twenty-four hours . 
 you 're the last person i remember seeing from that night . 
 did something happen to me in the basement at work ? '' 
 wes 's blue eyes became cold and distant , making him look like a totally different person . 
 `` no . 
 you were fine . '' 
 next , he did something strange . 
 stepping in close , he held her almost desperately . 
 `` keep your eyes open . 
 be careful . '' 
 he kissed her forehead and smiled like nothing at all was out of the ordinary . 
 it took some effort to return his smile . 
 but she did . 
 then wes pulled away and waved goodbye to them all . 
 chapter 36 due to a supposed mix-up with the tickets , kali ended up in coach while mack and shannon flew first class . 
 she sat crammed between a perpetual nose blower and a man who was apparently unfamiliar with the invention of deodorant . 
 the back of the plane felt like a sauna , adding to her misery . 
 several hours later , she was overheated . 
 her bladder was in spasm . 
 and the funk of the passenger next to her had become overwhelming , multiplied by ten in the cramped quarters . 
 unable to endure it any longer , she excused herself to the restroom and came face to face with `` occupied '' written in red letters on both bathroom doors . 
 twenty minutes later , she was still waiting with legs clenched together so tightly that her pelvic muscles seized up . 
 kali squirmed . 
 beads of sweat trickled from her forehead . 
 a ten-year-old boy emerged from one of the stalls . 
 `` the fish sandwich was killer . '' 
 he smiled sheepishly . 
 `` i would n't go in there if i were you . '' 
 kali did n't have a choice . 
 she dashed in , barely getting her pants down before the dam broke . 
 she breathed a sigh of relief and immediately gagged . 
 the smell was terrible . 
 covering her mouth and nose , she set a personal record for voiding and practically fell out of the door as she exited , crashing into a man waiting patiently outside . 
 the stranger offered a hand to steady her , catching the door as it swung back . 
 `` excuse me , '' kali said . 
 his smile was warm . 
 `` that 's alright , miss . '' 
 he stepped in the bathroom but came right back out . 
 his face contorted with revulsion . 
 it was n't her fault , but she apologized anyway , ducking her head in shame , and hurried to her seat . 
 using a rubber band from her purse , she tied her hair up and felt much cooler with the thick mane off her collar . 
 waking up so early had taken a heavy toll . 
 kali longed to sleep , but could n't . 
 it was far too hot . 
 i might suffocate . 
 she opened her cellphone and began playing a game involving pigs in space . 
 four levels later , she closed the cell to give her tired eyes a break . 
 most of the other passengers were fast asleep . 
 kali stretched and yawned . 
 a man several rows ahead caught her attention . 
 something was different about him . 
 it might have been the shock of white hair accompanying his otherwise young profile . 
 but the urge to watch him would n't go away . 
 she was staring so hard that if two holes had magically appeared in the back of his head , it would not have been a surprise . 
 kali leaned forward , willing him to turn . 
 when the man actually rose from his seat as if summoned , she jumped . 
 he started down the aisle , giving her a full view of the translucent blue irises that only added to his striking appearance . 
 she averted her eyes but felt his stare as he moved to the back of the plane . 
 she was afraid to look again . 
 it was n't like the guy was threatening or creepy . 
 it was because he seemed so familiar . 
 hearing the bathroom door shut , she turned around and suffered an inward jolt as she met the man 's icy stare again . 
 a few seconds dragged by . 
 then he inclined his head in a slight nod and pushed into the restroom . 
 kali shrank back into the seat and took a deep breath . 
 the feeling that overcame her was faintly reminiscent of the moment she had first met rhane in the theater . 
 that it was possible to feel such a way twice in one lifetime was unsettling . 
 one other passenger was not sleeping twelve grueling hours into flight -- a boy not much older than her with a red ball cap that partially hid a gorgeous mop of auburn hair . 
 his head nodded back and forth to music from an mp3 player as he traveled to the back of the plane . 
 the man with white hair was returning to his seat . 
 as he passed the younger , red-headed boy , the friction between them was almost tangible . 
 and yet ... it seemed as if they were pretending not to know each other . 
 kali shivered . 
 weird . 
 the plane landed in tokyo to refuel and she got her first opportunity for fresh air . 
 one of the last to exit the aircraft , she went straight to the restroom . 
 then she found a cafeteria to have dinner . 
 kali checked her watch . 
 back in the states it was nine o’clock thursday night , making it friday morning in tokyo . 
 technically , she was having breakfast . 
 when the flight to beijing was called , she returned to the plane . 
 stinky man was gone , replaced by a passenger with hygiene more attuned to standards of modern society . 
 eight and a half hours later , the captain activated the loud speaker and announced they would be landing in beijing within the hour . 
 kali sighed in relief . 
 the final destination remained some distance away , but at least the flying part was nearly over . 
 because of the initial delay , the last train to mongolia had already departed the station when their plane arrived . 
 the next one would n't set off until the following morning . 
 mack checked everyone into a four star hotel for the night . 
 in a stunning display of generosity , he gave kali the keycard to her own suite . 
 she was too tired to express sufficient gratitude . 
 the combined effect of the lengthy flight and jet lag from a twelve hour time difference had come crashing down . 
 she eyed the bed longingly . 
 the mattress and pillows beckoned her to enjoy their comfort . 
 but her body was sticky with sweat from the day 's travels . 
 she needed a hot bath before settling in . 
 so she stripped , let her hair down , and slipped into the tub . 
 a hiss escaped her lips as the hot water lapped against her dehydrated skin . 
 she submerged herself completely , resting in the gentle curve of the basin . 
 aromatherapy oils , complimentary from the hotel , floated across the surface of the water and released a pleasant odor . 
 there was n't much more she could have wished for . 
 five minutes later , there was a knock at the door . 
 she ignored it . 
 the visitor knocked again . 
 `` kali ? '' 
 a voice called from outside . 
 `` kali , open up ! 
 it 's mack . '' 
 `` unbelievable . '' 
 she squeezed her eyes shut and wished him away . 
 mack 's persistent knocking turned into urgent pounding . 
 he was going to wake the entire hotel . 
 with a groan , she stood up from the tub , pulling a terry robe around her dripping body as she hurried to the door . 
 `` hold on a sec ! '' 
 each of her footprints left a puddle of lavender scented water . 
 too exhausted and frustrated to care about the messy trail , kali threw open the door . 
 mack 's fist was raised as if he were about to knock again . 
 `` you settled in okay ? '' 
 do i look settled ? 
 kali wanted to scream but kept her voice calm . 
 `` the room is wonderful . 
 thank you . 
 matter of fact , i was enjoying a hot bath . '' 
 she pulled her robe tighter for emphasis . 
 mack nodded . 
 he was either oblivious to the hint or blatantly chose to ignore it . 
 `` mind if i come in ? '' 
 kali smiled icily . 
 `` sure , why not ? '' 
 she left the door open , grabbing a towel before sitting on the couch . 
 mack chose a spot in front of paneled doors leading to the balcony . 
 he gazed out at the city lights and began to speak . 
 `` this contract is very important to me . 
 the arrangements for this deal may seem odd to you , but it 's imperative that we leave a good impression with the buyer and his ... people . '' 
 mack turned to face her . 
 `` i 'm afraid that i have a confession to make . '' 
 she was busy drying off with the towel , but mack 's last sentence made her stop . 
 his eyes averted to the floor , but kali had already seen the anguish in them . 
 he seemed to struggle with what to say next . 
 `` the buyer for the siren 's heart specifically requested you to be here for this transaction . '' 
 wes had cautioned her to feign ignorance of any knowledge of the arrangements between the buyer and mack . 
 remembering his counsel , she pretended to be confused . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 why me ? 
 how does he even know i work for you ? '' 
 `` i wo n't lie to you , kali . 
 i do n't know . 
 usually , i obtain every shred of information available before making any sort of exchange . 
 you know that . 
 but this time , even i only had access on a need-to-know basis . '' 
 `` then why make the deal ? 
 this artifact is extremely rare . 
 i imagine that any number of buyers would have lined up for the chance to acquire it . '' 
 `` this ... man ... '' mack shook his head . 
 `` he made it difficult for me to refuse . '' 
 `` threw a lot of money at you , huh ? '' 
 kali started pulling a brush through her hair . 
 `` no . '' 
 she looked up at him , surprised he had heard her . 
 she was even more surprised when the color of his face turned as white as the sheets on the hotel bed . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 `` it was n't the money . '' 
 she hesitated , unsure if she should ask any more questions . 
 he looked afraid . 
 but that was n't all . 
 mack was showing signs of having a conscience . 
 `` mr. richards , what 's going on ? '' 
 she moved toward him uncertainly . 
 `` mack ? '' 
 he ran a trembling hand through his hair , but was quiet . 
 kali took a step closer . 
 `` is everything alright ? '' 
 shaking free of whatever had tied him , mack placed a hand on kali 's shoulder . 
 `` everything ... everything will be fine . '' 
 he moved past her . 
 when he reached the door , he was mack again , the confident businessman . 
 but his eyes were someplace else , distant and resolute . 
 `` we have a long journey ahead of us tomorrow . 
 get some rest . '' 
 `` that was bizarre , '' she mused aloud after he had gone . 
 everyone kept telling her that everything was fine . 
 but kali got the feeling things were just the opposite . 
 she finished her hair and climbed into bed . 
 her tired mind wanted to drift until sleep came , but mack 's behavior was a heavy weight , anchoring her thoughts in a troubled sea , questions tumbling in on dark , angry waves . 
 why was mack afraid ? 
 if money was n't the motivator , then what was ? 
 what would make him risk his business and prison ? 
 her eyes closed . 
 wondering what the next day would bring , kali sank into an uneasy slumber . 
 chapter 37 `` what do you mean she 's in china ?! '' 
 it was late thursday morning , and rhane was livid . 
 static in the line seemed to crackle in sync with his fury . 
 york had phoned with news of kalista 's recent departure . 
 dreading to be the messenger , he hesitated for a long moment before dialing . 
 things had strayed severely off course . 
 they had n't gotten enough answers about kalista 's disappearance and had no idea if she was truly a danger to herself or others . 
 there was also the whole business of gabriel being reawakened . 
 stack bad on top of terrible . 
 now york had to tell rhane that kalista was more than seven thousand miles out of reach . 
 `` york . '' 
 venom practically poured through the receiver . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` we got it wrong with the file . 
 those coordinates were not from where the statue was taken . 
 they were meant for where the statue would be sold . 
 the break-in must have spooked the owner . 
 he moved the deal up by almost a week . '' 
 rhane spat a curse . 
 `` who was on the plane ? '' 
 `` i sent war . 
 he was the only one who could get there in time . '' 
 rhane was silent . 
 the situation had n't entirely gotten out of control . 
 they had eyes on kalista . 
 and there was time to get a better handle on things . 
 york waited tensely , listening to the heavy breathing at the other end of the line . 
 he clearly remembered the last time rhane 's temper went nuclear . 
 heads had rolled . 
 literally . 
 `` what did you tell him ? '' 
 rhane sounded calmer , but his anger seethed just beneath the surface . 
 `` his orders were not to extract . 
 shadow until we arrive so we can figure out what the heck is going on . '' 
 `` good . 
 what time does my flight leave ? '' 
 york darted a glance at his watch . 
 `` in one hour and twenty-two minutes . 
 are you close ? '' 
 `` i 'll be there in thirty , '' rhane answered tersely and hung up . 
 york scratched his head and looked down at the black canine . 
 `` he took that better than i expected . '' 
 while bailen watched carefully , york slung two duffels over his shoulder , one for him and the other for rhane . 
 dropping the bags to the floor again , he knelt so his eyes met the canine 's . 
 `` i know you 're hiding something . 
 and i know that whatever it is , it 's huge . '' 
 bailen uttered a low growl that ended in a soft whine . 
 `` i just hope your secret does n't hurt him . '' 
 york stood and re-shouldered the bags . 
 before closing the door , he called back to the canine , `` are you going to stay a midget forever or do you plan on joining the rest of the pack ? '' 
 bailen huffed once , sharply . 
 his tailed swished against the floor . 
 york smiled . 
 `` wish us luck , kid . 
 we 're going to need it . '' 
 # a light dusting of snow had covered the frozen ground . 
 kalista 's hands were numb with cold . 
 somewhere her slippers had been lost , leaving her feet exposed and aching to the bone . 
 wanting to cry out against the pain , she forced herself lower in the brush and stayed as quiet as possible . 
 it was n't long before a figure entered the clearing from the northwest , dismounting swiftly and with purpose . 
 she trembled . 
 the horseman had found her . 
 he and his giant steed were a stark contrast to a forest blanketed in white . 
 except for its ears , the horse was motionless . 
 they swept back and forth constantly , listening to the night . 
 the rider drew his sword . 
 the ancient metal hummed . 
 for a long moment , it was the only sound in the forlorn winter air . 
 so much of her strength had been used to get this far . 
 and she was so hungry . 
 every muscle wrung tight , ready to spring her forward from the tall grass . 
 she knew the horseman could sense her but fought the urge to flee . 
 he advanced toward her thatch of cover , his steps careful but not fearful . 
 stopping several feet away , the snow crunched as he dropped to one knee . 
 his eyes found her . 
 staring in silent challenge , they awaited an answer . 
 the horseman whistled . 
 the sound was like nothing kali had ever heard and yet ... it was familiar . 
 she stirred in her sleep . 
 low and beseeching , the whistle rose from where he crouched and lifted high into the atmosphere . 
 the quiet night answered , erupting with howls that resonated from the very earth and flew down from the heavens . 
 it was the answer the horseman had been waiting for . 
 the howls swelled in intensity . 
 the air clamored with their din . 
 kalista no longer feared the horseman . 
 she felt nothing but hope , and stood to meet him . 
 with one frozen step and then another , she approached the horseman . 
 he did not rise . 
 he whistled again . 
 his tenor joined the song , lifting it to new heights . 
 a jolt of warmth trickled into her limbs . 
 at the same time , tiny hairs on her skin stood in warning ... kali awoke suddenly as if thrown from the dream and lunged frantically from the bed . 
 the sheets ensnared her legs , trapping her between the bed and the floor . 
 she struggled to her feet , kicking at the linens in frustration . 
 her body trembled , and she was cold as if imprisoned in the dream . 
 and she could still hear the howls . 
 groggy and disoriented from sleep , kali stumbled through the dark hotel room and into the bathroom . 
 switching on the lights , she twisted the hot water until it pounded from the shower head . 
 then she sank to the bottom of the stall and waited for reality to become clear again . 
 her skin gradually warmed as it borrowed heat from the steaming water . 
 the steadiness of its rhythm drowned out the echoes of her frozen nightmare . 
 when she began to feel somewhat normal , kali turned off the faucet . 
 she peeled off her wet pajamas and left them in the tub . 
 she gradually became aware of the noise outside . 
 the city was wide awake , locals well into the hustle and bustle of living . 
 in a couple of hours , morning would be over . 
 the room was dark because she had pulled the blackout curtains shut before going to sleep . 
 she smacked her forehead , realizing she had overslept . 
 it was a terrible start to the day . 
 hoping a little sunshine would help put things back on track , she drew the thick curtains apart ... and screamed . 
 there was someone on her balcony . 
 as recognition overcame fear , the scream died before reaching the next octave . 
 the intruder was the red-headed boy from the plane . 
 his features were well hidden by the ball cap , but kali saw when his surprise transformed into open admiration of her naked form . 
 grinning deliberately , he pointed to his wristwatch . 
 then he turned and leapt from the balcony in a display of unnatural grace . 
 kali snatched the curtains closed and backed away from the window . 
 she found every light switch until there was n't a dark corner left in the entire suite . 
 plopping at the edge of the bed , she rested her head in her hands , desperately needing to compose her thoughts . 
 too many strange things had happened in one morning . 
 she peeped through her fingers at the bedside table . 
 resting atop the cascade of elaborate brocade silk was a small brass dragon holding the face of a western clock in its mouth . 
 in thirty minutes , mack and shannon would be waiting in the downstairs lobby . 
 kali shoved everything else to the back of her mind and thought only of the business at hand . 
 comfort won over fashion as she dressed in jeans and a white henley for the train ride . 
 quickly repacking her bags , she hurried to catch the elevator . 
 mack was waiting with his mouth set in a grim line . 
 `` good afternoon . '' 
 `` hey , come on , '' she said , thinking he was being sarcastic about her tardiness , `` i 'm two minutes early . '' 
 mack shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 really , it 's afternoon . '' 
 `` oh , right . '' 
 kali looked around the lobby . 
 `` where 's shannon ? '' 
 `` she left early this morning , ranting about not having enough time to shop . '' 
 he glanced at his watch . 
 `` i called her twenty minutes ago but ... '' the sentenced trailed as something else caught his attention . 
 kali followed his gaze but saw nothing except businessmen and tourists . 
 frowning , he took her arm . 
 `` come on . 
 the cab is out front . '' 
 outside , she sat in the car while mack and the driver loaded the luggage . 
 there was no sign of shannon . 
 mack climbed inside the cab appearing anxious and distracted . 
 `` did you hear from shannon ? '' 
 kali asked . 
 he tapped the glass to signal the cabbie they were ready to go . 
 she tried again . 
 `` what about shannon ? 
 where is she ? '' 
 busy looking left , right , and behind as the car pulled away , mack finally answered . 
 `` she 's meeting us at the station , '' he said gruffly . 
 `` oh . '' 
 uncomfortable with his restlessness , kali racked her brain for small talk . 
 `` wow . 
 so we 're really in china , huh ? '' 
 `` we wo n't be for much longer . '' 
 `` right . 
 so how far is it to mongolia ? '' 
 he took a break from the window and flicked his eyes in her direction . 
 `` ten hours . '' 
 crapola . 
 her jaw dropped . 
 `` ten hours ! '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 he settled back against the seat , showing some signs of relaxing , and was pleasant for the rest of the ten minute ride to the train station . 
 when the cab stopped , they grabbed the luggage and headed to the platforms . 
 `` she should already be here . '' 
 his cell rang as if on cue . 
 mack answered . 
 it was shannon . 
 kali watched his face transition from tan , to crimson , to a lovely shade of violet . 
 mack gripped the phone so tightly , she feared he was in danger of doing it real damage . 
 though unable to make out any of what was said , she could tell the intern was speaking rapidly . 
 `` slow down . 
 i ca n't understand you . '' 
 mack pressed a finger to his ear , blocking noise from the substation . 
 kali checked her watch . 
 in twenty minutes , the train would be leaving . 
 the question was whether or not the three of them were going to be on it . 
 `` okay , '' mack was saying , `` i 'll have to make another call . '' 
 he hung up and immediately dialed another number . 
 `` there 's been a change of plans . '' 
 his eyes shifted toward kali ever so slightly . 
 `` and i 'm going to need your help . '' 
 he put the phone to his shoulder . 
 `` i need to see if i can change these tickets . 
 i do n't think we 're going to make that train . '' 
 lips pursed in a thin line of anger , he went to find the closest ticket counter . 
 his blond hair stood out distinctly in the ebony sea of locals . 
 tracking him with her eyes , she noticed when he found the slowest moving line and put himself at the back of it . 
 there was nothing to do except wait for his return . 
 when he did , his sour mood was back with a vengeance . 
 `` only one train leaves this station and travels to mongolia . '' 
 he turned to the tracks , pointing at the steel serpent opening its doors to accept passengers . 
 peking letters were slashed in red paint , marking the sides of each access point . 
 `` and that 's it right there . '' 
 she looked at the train and then back at her boss . 
 `` should n't we be getting on it ? '' 
 he shook his head slowly . 
 `` we ca n't leave without shannon . '' 
 `` you do n't look upset , so i 'm assuming we have at least one other option i do n't know about . '' 
 `` that 's why i hired you . 
 c’mon . '' 
 he grabbed her elbow and ushered her away from the train . 
 gathering the bags again , mack talked briskly as they walked . 
 `` there is another way . 
 we may be able to catch a sleeping bus . 
 it makes a scheduled journey to mongolia once every two days . 
 if we hurry , we 'll make it in time . '' 
 the two were practically jogging as he hailed a cab . 
 `` is shannon meeting us there ? '' 
 `` i hope to god she is , '' he muttered . 
 `` we ca n't fail at this . '' 
 `` do n't worry . 
 we 'll get this package to your buyer . '' 
 mack stared at her long and hard . 
 then he nodded . 
 `` you 're a good kid , kali . '' 
 chapter 38 the bus was the saddest sight kali had ever seen . 
 red paint once covered the exterior but was now a deteriorated patchwork of bubbled skin . 
 in some spots , the paint fell away like scabs to reveal sores of rusted metal . 
 most of the windows were blacked out , and the roof sagged pitifully , ready to collapse at any moment . 
 mack and kali halted in their tracks , wearing identical expressions of apprehension . 
 she turned to her boss with pleading eyes . 
 mack shook his head . 
 `` this is our only chance . '' 
 he strode toward the bus and was halfway there before he must have realized kali was not with him . 
 he came back for her . 
 `` maybe i lack imagination here , '' she said when mack was close enough to hear , `` but i ca n't fathom how that bucket of rust is going to get us to the mountains or across the desert . '' 
 without replying , he took kali 's arm and dragged her forward . 
 she was tempted to dig her heels in like a stubborn child but went along obediently . 
 he was her boss . 
 this was her job . 
 a small man dressed in blue jeans and a faded lakers t-shirt came from behind the bus . 
 his clothes were messy , wrinkled like after a week at the bottom of a full laundry basket . 
 three days of hair growth crawled across his face . 
 kali squinted , looking closer . 
 she knew this man . 
 he had been the head onscreen at the wok and roll . 
 taking a drag on a thin cigarette , the man looked them over long and hard . 
 `` you have american money ? '' 
 mack nodded . 
 `` your english is good . '' 
 the man shrugged , closing his eyes to savor the cancer-friendly fumes , and blew out a long stream of smoke . 
 `` terrain is very dangerous . 
 bus go only one way . '' 
 `` today , it goes both . '' 
 `` why do you travel ? '' 
 his words broke through the cloud in a puff . 
 `` we agreed not to lament the details . '' 
 `` this road is n't safe for outsiders . '' 
 `` we are well aware of the risks . '' 
 what risks ? 
 kali almost said aloud . 
 `` your safety , i can not guarantee . 
 neuri will move as shadows -- '' mack cut him off briskly . 
 `` i 'm not interested in local legends . '' 
 `` fine . 
 i need money now . '' 
 `` i made arrangements with tsai . 
 he gave me his word that everything would be in order . '' 
 looking past mack 's shoulder to where kali stood quietly , the man narrowed his eyes . 
 `` i see you were successful to secure the woman . 
 did you bring other item ? '' 
 `` i have . '' 
 the man 's face twisted angrily . 
 his english went from good to perfect . 
 `` you were foolish to bring them together . '' 
 `` there were unavoidable circumstances . 
 a sleeping bus was our only option , and we barely made it here in time . 
 there was no opportunity to make other arrangements . '' 
 the man in the lakers jersey was not appeased . 
 `` this is not what was discussed . 
 you leave yourself at an extreme disadvantage . '' 
 a deep frown burrowed into mack 's forehead . 
 kali looked between them , not understanding what the big deal was . 
 the buyer wanted her here . 
 and of course he was willing to pay big money for the statue . 
 but this other guy was speaking as if her boss should have held something back for leverage . 
 mack 's expression suddenly relaxed . 
 `` you are tsai . '' 
 `` i am . '' 
 mack eyed him suspiciously . 
 `` what was with the thick accent ? '' 
 `` we agreed not to lament details , '' tsai retorted smoothly . 
 `` fine . 
 are we keeping our deal or not ? '' 
 tsai 's face was serene . 
 an aura of smoke engulfed his lean form in thick swirls . 
 `` i will take your money . '' 
 `` only half now . 
 you 'll get the other half when i return . '' 
 kali was distracted by a flurry of movement from the corner of her eye . 
 from her right , a withered old man approached their group . 
 he was humpbacked and leaning heavily on a crutch . 
 the old man hobbled more than walked , yet moved with a surprising amount of speed . 
 words she did n't understand were pouring from his mouth as he shouted and flailed both arms about like a mad man . 
 it got everyone 's attention . 
 tsai replied in the same tongue . 
 the old man got angrier . 
 his brown skin , weathered and creased with time , turned a peculiar shade of red . 
 mack regarded tsai impatiently . 
 tsai bowed . 
 `` this is mr. ma , your bus driver . 
 he hates americans , so i did n't tell him you were so . 
 he wants you to go away . '' 
 tsai listened as the old man continued his tirade . 
 `` he says he will not take you on this journey . '' 
 `` now hold on a second -- '' mack began . 
 tsai and the old man started yelling at once , carrying on as if neither kali nor mack were there . 
 once or twice a finger was jabbed in their general direction . 
 the shouting war ended when tsai slapped the old man across the face . 
 mr. ma 's jaw hung open . 
 tsai 's expression was calm . 
 the old man 's mouth snapped shut . 
 he bowed deeply , and hobbled away to disappear inside the bus . 
 tsai turned to mack . 
 `` mr. ma will escort you to the mongolian border . '' 
 he inclined his head toward kali . 
 `` but for the woman you will pay double . '' 
 mack agreed without flinching , `` deal . '' 
 kali discreetly lifted her right arm and sniffed . 
 a light floral scent floated up in greeting . 
 ok . 
 maybe he just does n't like flowers ... or women . 
 getting an explanation for the price hike would have been nice , but shannon had finally managed to arrive . 
 `` holy crap ... is that the bus ? '' 
 she stopped several feet away with two very large suitcases on either side of her . 
 her eyes went from the bus to kali and back to the bus again . 
 her mouth went slack . 
 `` oh my gosh . 
 tell me that is n't the driver . '' 
 mr. ma had emerged from the hulk of scrap metal tasked to carry them over a thousand miles into the wilderness . 
 with an air of absolute scorn , he limped over to inspect the newest arrival . 
 kali wondered if the price was about to go up again . 
 she hoped mack 's usual frugality would kick in . 
 he would refuse to pay the higher price . 
 and then they could all turn around and go home . 
 fat chance . 
 throwing one final glare at tsai , the old man grabbed kali 's bags and lifted them with strength that belied his appearance . 
 hobbling even more awkwardly beneath the burden and without his cane , he retreated into the bus . 
 a few seconds later , the engine roared to life , hailed by a cloud of thick black smoke ejected violently from the tailpipe . 
 tsai smiled . 
 `` you should get going . '' 
 mack inclined his head . 
 he went to board the bus , dragging shannon along behind him with some difficulty because she dug her heels in against every step . 
 kali could n't help noticing how tsai watched her . 
 he dropped the rest of his accent and spoke in perfect western english . 
 `` do not be afraid , darkesong . '' 
 `` what did you call me ? '' 
 tsai hesitated , glancing toward the bus . 
 `` your presence is meant to summon them . '' 
 an uneasy feeling stirred in her belly . 
 `` do you mean the people you mentioned earlier ... the ones who walk in shadows , the neuri ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` you were always meant to have the strongest . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` kali ! '' 
 mack called , waving for her to come aboard . 
 she held up a hand to signal she had heard , and turned back to tsai . 
 he was gone . 
 she looked around . 
 not another soul was anywhere in sight . 
 perplexed , kali boarded the bus , choosing a seat next to one of the few windows not painted black . 
 gazing through the copious film of dust , she spotted a yellow jersey . 
 it was tsai , standing a short distance from the bus . 
 his eyes met hers . 
 after a long moment , he bowed deeply and turned away . 
 the old driver said several words no one understood , and the bus doors clattered shut . 
 mr. ma shoved a tattered sandal onto the accelerator , practically pinning the pedal to the floor . 
 the bus lurched forward like a giant awakened from a long slumber . 
 metal parts creaked and groaned . 
 and when the tires rolled over the edge of a jagged drop-off , the bus jolted , throwing everyone sideways . 
 kali kept her skull from slamming into the window by grabbing hold of the adjacent seat . 
 shannon was n't so lucky . 
 it did n't take long to understand why the vehicle was called a sleeping bus . 
 there were a total of eight seats in four rows of two . 
 the rearmost seats had been removed , replaced by simple wooden shelves built into the sides of the bus . 
 spaced a mere sixteen inches apart , they reached the ceiling in stacks of three and four . 
 each shelf was filled with straw lining -- undoubtedly home to various six and eight-legged creatures -- to offer an illusion of comfort . 
 resting her head against the back of the seat , kali closed her eyes and sighed . 
 it was going to be the worst trip ever . 
 chapter 39 the ride never got easier . 
 protesting every mile , the bus raced along a dirt path that hardly qualified as a road . 
 they all bounced around with bone jarring force as mr. ma aimed for every stone , pothole and drop-off the terrain had to offer , and wrenched the vehicle around ninety degree turns at hellacious speeds . 
 it felt like death could come at any moment . 
 shannon held onto mack with one white-knuckled hand while the other gripped the side of the seat . 
 head down and eyes shut , their boss had apparently decided it was better not to look . 
 his entire body was rigid . 
 only his lips moved as he repeatedly shouted four letter words , openly cursing mr. ma and his mother -lrb- who had certainly already died some time ago , considering the old man 's age -rrb- . 
 a wicked smile played across mr. ma 's lips . 
 his dark beady eyes watched the rearview mirror more than the road ahead . 
 with every moan and whimper , his smile grew bigger until he erupted into a gleeful fit of giggles . 
 at one point , mr. ma slammed on the brakes and the bus slid to a screeching halt . 
 he spoke to them in chinese , brusquely issuing several commands to his frightened human cargo . 
 flinging the doors open , he jumped off , and disappeared into a patch of nearby brush . 
 mack and shannon 's faces were drained of color . 
 no one moved . 
 they were rooted in place , too traumatized to do anything else . 
 mack spoke first . 
 `` he 's insane ! '' 
 `` he hates us , '' kali added . 
 `` i want to go home ! '' 
 shannon wailed . 
 kali was exhausted . 
 she was hungry . 
 but most of all , she was frightened . 
 she looked to where the driver had vanished . 
 `` do you think he 's coming back ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' mack said . 
 `` just nobody move . '' 
 small and wrinkly mr. ma reappeared as if summoned . 
 he spoke rapidly , gesturing with both arms . 
 kali looked at mack . 
 `` does he want us to get off the bus ? '' 
 `` and let him leave us here ?! '' 
 shannon was on the verge of hyperventilating . 
 kali really saw shannon then . 
 tears ran together with mascara , staining large rings around both eyes . 
 her ashen face was crowded by a mess of disheveled blonde hair . 
 the intern looked a bit like a raccoon in a wig . 
 kali might have laughed had not their situation been so uncertain . 
 mack tried to reassure everyone . 
 `` he wo n't leave us . 
 they have n't received full payment yet . '' 
 `` i would n't be so sure , '' kali muttered . 
 `` m-a-ck , '' shannon whined the name in three syllables , sucking in choppy breaths between . 
 `` kali , please , '' mack said angrily . 
 `` shannon is frightened enough . '' 
 while they chattered , mr. ma had grown increasingly irritated . 
 his arms flapped harder . 
 his words came out faster and louder . 
 but no one moved a muscle . 
 `` i do n't understand , '' mack kept repeating in chinese . 
 `` speak slower please . '' 
 to their surprise , mr. ma said several words in broken english . 
 `` pee ... crap now ... go ! '' 
 it was hard to tell who moved first . 
 three bodies were suddenly plowing toward the open door . 
 kali darted behind a nearby tree and undid the zipper of her jeans . 
 leaning against the smooth bark , she released the well of water that had pressed against her bladder walls for sixty miles . 
 it was the happiest she had been since the godforsaken trip began . 
 shannon ruined the moment , startling kali by poking her head around the tree . 
 kali jumped in surprise and nearly wet her shoes . 
 yanking her jeans up , she glared at the intern . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` i do n't want to go back to the bus alone . '' 
 understanding melted annoyance . 
 `` hold on a second . '' 
 she kicked up enough dirt to cover her business and then led the way back to the bus . 
 mack climbed aboard not long after the girls . 
 mr. ma stood on the step , watching them . 
 he frowned at kali . 
 then his dark eyes moved on to shannon . 
 they fixed on the intern as he stalked over to the seat she shared with mack . 
 in one fluid motion , the old man pulled a skinny bough of leaves from behind his small form and whacked shannon on the shoulder . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 both shannon and mack exclaimed in unison . 
 mr. ma flung a small object into shannon 's lap . 
 shaking his head , he spoke harshly , punctuating each word with another blow to shannon 's shoulder . 
 when mack rose from his seat yelling for him to stop , mr. ma held up his hand and switched to english . 
 `` if you want live ... leave nothing behind . '' 
 he shuffled to the driver 's seat , grinded the gears until the right one caught . 
 and the bus roared back to life . 
 shannon 's frightened whisper was barely audible . 
 `` did he just threaten us ? '' 
 kali leaned across the aisle to get a better look at the shiny little item the driver had returned to shannon . 
 `` what did he give you ? '' 
 the intern held up an earring . 
 `` i do n't even know how he could have found this . '' 
 she slipped it into her earlobe and rubbed her shoulder . 
 `` imagine being brutally murdered and left in the middle of nowhere because you lost a cheap earring . '' 
 with a shudder , she turned to mack . 
 he was staring into the black square of what used to be a window . 
 shannon nudged him . 
 `` what did he say ? '' 
 he looked at her but turned away again without answering . 
 shannon sobbed , clamping a hand over her mouth to smother the sound . 
 her whole body shook as she struggled to collect herself . 
 a huge tug of sympathy pulled at kali 's heart . 
 she searched for something comforting to say . 
 `` it 's okay , shannon . 
 maybe he was just trying to warn us . '' 
 shannon seemed to accept that simple explanation , becoming visibly calmer . 
 `` may i sit with you ? '' 
 when kali nodded , shannon quietly slid off her seat , leaving their boss alone with his thoughts . 
 kali moved closer to the window to make room . 
 on the inside , she was as panicked as shannon but could n't let it show . 
 her falling apart would not help the situation , especially since mack was so mysteriously detached . 
 where was the savvy , ready for anything businessman everyone counted on to make the right , if not the popular , decision ? 
 the troubled feeling that followed kali since their first night in beijing grew tremendously . 
 sweat tickled down her armpits . 
 an ominous blanket of darkness folded around her , constricting with every mile . 
 the further they traveled , the closer danger ... and death came . 
 but there was no one to offer her the reassurance she had given shannon . 
 `` breathe , '' she said . 
 exhaling softly , she rested her forehead against the dusty window . 
 `` it 's going to be okay , '' she whispered . 
 # kalista jerked her eyes open , startled she had fallen asleep . 
 it was pitch dark . 
 her heart was racing . 
 her breath came harshly , each inhale sharper and shallower than the last . 
 she strained to see , strained to hear . 
 there was only emptiness . 
 panic clutched at the thresholds of her mind , threatening to take hold and send her into a tailspin . 
 she slowly understood that she was not alone . 
 something not of her world was approaching from a soundless void . 
 a chilling stream of hatred flowed from it like ice water , seeping into her veins . 
 the creature wanted her . 
 she could sense the hunger as it came closer . 
 her mind screamed run ! 
 but she could n't move . 
 she was paralyzed and directly in terror 's path . 
 an empty moan replaced the quiet . 
 the horrible sound resonated everywhere , never changing in pitch or tone . 
 it echoed against nothing , rebounding and multiplying , piercing into the very essence of her awareness . 
 air departed from her lungs in a hot rush as visions of suffering and death hammered into her mind , provoked by an evil so powerful , it breathed a life of its own . 
 this monster craved pain to feed an insatiable appetite . 
 and it wanted kalista . 
 then something changed . 
 the sound transformed to become a voice . 
 at first only grating hisses , three simple words formed : `` you are mine . '' 
 kali willed herself to leave the darkness . 
 she abandoned every thought of the evil thing , and the presence began to fade . 
 then the monster rushed forward , narrowly missing her as she escaped its den . 
 `` i am coming . '' 
 the void was gone , but kali remembered those words long after she awoke . 
 chapter 40 kali sat up . 
 cold sweat soaked her shirt , sticking it to the tattered leather seat . 
 she was afraid she had returned to her nightmare . 
 things were so dark . 
 but the rocking and jarring bus were reality . 
 she was awake . 
 they were still traveling , and it was nighttime . 
 shannon was staring at her . 
 `` kali ? '' 
 she whispered urgently . 
 `` are you awake ? 
 the bus is slowing down . '' 
 `` we 're stopping , '' mack confirmed . 
 every fiber of kali 's body came to full attention . 
 `` we ca n't stop . 
 not tonight . 
 not here . '' 
 she could n't explain to them the sudden anxiety she felt . 
 the darkness was rushing up , wanting to pull her back inside the void . 
 she could n't go there . 
 nothing would stop the creature from finding her if she did . 
 mack gave her a curious look . 
 `` what 's going on , kali ? '' 
 she ignored him and called out to the driver , `` please keep moving , a little longer ... at least until daylight . '' 
 she stood up , grabbing the back of the seat to maintain her balance as the bus crawled over rough terrain . 
 the diesel engine died noisily . 
 `` we stop now . '' 
 mr. ma pointed beyond the window to the outside . 
 `` you safe here . '' 
 he said something more in chinese . 
 `` ancestral grounds -- the shadows do not come here , '' mack translated . 
 `` oh , this is just perfect , '' shannon said . 
 mack got up . 
 `` i do n't know what kind of game you 're playing , but this is not what was agreed upon . 
 my buyer is expecting me in six hours . 
 we must keep going . '' 
 `` we stop now . 
 everything in time . '' 
 the old man left the bus and was swallowed by the night . 
 mack glared after him . 
 `` talk about being lost in translation . '' 
 kali wrapped her arms about herself and settled quietly into her seat . 
 but shannon was n't ready to give in . 
 `` does he expect us to sleep out here in the middle of absolutely nowhere ? 
 mack , you ca n't let him do this . '' 
 though the narrow aisle between the seats did n't allow much room for it , mack paced around . 
 he stopped abruptly and faced the girls . 
 the decision on his face was inscribed in stone . 
 `` we 're going to finish this . 
 let 's get these blankets unrolled . '' 
 `` please , mack . 
 not in the woods ! '' 
 `` look around you , shannon , '' mack said impatiently . 
 `` do you see any trees ? 
 we 're not in the woods anymore . '' 
 it was true . 
 the mountains the road cut through had become a desert . 
 trees and stones were replaced by sand and more sand . 
 `` so what ? '' 
 shannon said . 
 `` now it 's sand instead of trees . 
 do n't make us stay here . '' 
 `` i do n't like it anymore than you do , but i do n't see where any of us have a choice . '' 
 he went over to the straw-filled beds and pulled down some of their gear . 
 `` i packed thermal blankets . 
 each of you should take one . '' 
 he tossed a blanket first to shannon and then kali . 
 `` temperatures in the desert can get extremely cold at night . '' 
 mack turned and headed toward the front of the bus . 
 shannon frowned . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to talk to the driver . 
 that 'll give you ladies time to get changed and settled , '' he said , and left before any more objections could be raised . 
 with a resigned sigh , shannon went to her suitcases and began rummaging through her things . 
 `` the perfect gentleman is also the perfect jerk , '' she said , but affection tempered the anger in her words . 
 she huffed again and looked out the window worriedly . 
 `` i hope he 's okay . 
 that old man gives me the creeps . '' 
 kali observed her with new understanding . 
 `` you love him . '' 
 shannon shrugged . 
 `` twisted , huh ? '' 
 rhane 's face , with his unusual eyes and the way his hair constantly fell into them , came to kali 's mind . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` sometimes we ca n't help who we love . '' 
 # kali could n't sleep . 
 the reasons why were pretty obvious . 
 being in the middle of a desert wilderness with a complete stranger who did n't care if his passengers lived or died , and a boss whose motives had become shady at best , put her mind in a state of considerable unease . 
 there was also the feeling from her dreams that continued to pursue her . 
 something was coming . 
 to sleep would mean to fall back into the dark place . 
 and the monster would find her . 
 despite the blanket between her body and the wooden bed , sharp straws dug into her flesh whenever she even considered shifting into a different position . 
 she thought of the bugs living in the bedding and the likelihood of one of them burrowing into her inner ear and laying eggs . 
 the eggs would eventually hatch into milk-white larvae and squirm around , pulsing through her brain . 
 before ultimately assuming control of her mind , the insects would eat all of her grey matter and poop it out in her skull . 
 kali just could n't stand the thought of worm poop touching any part of her insides . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut . 
 stop freaking out . 
 shannon snored from above . 
 no nightmares were troubling her . 
 across the cabin , mack 's deep breathing flowed in a steady rhythm , indicating he too was sound asleep . 
 only mr. ma was awake . 
 he sat in the driver 's seat , unnaturally still , staring out the dusty windshield . 
 he had been that way for hours . 
 kali wondered if the motive for his vigilance was good or evil . 
 once , she had sat up to look at him , heard a rustle of movement , and then felt rather than saw his eyes on her in the darkness . 
 as a warning chill slithered over her skin , she lowered her head back into the straw , afraid to look again . 
 after that , she tried not to move or make any noise . 
 she wished morning would come faster . 
 she had no idea what hour it was when mr. ma 's feet scraped across the dirty floor , coming closer and closer to the sleeping area . 
 her eyes closed . 
 her breath caught in her chest . 
 the sound stopped beside the bunk she shared with shannon . 
 kali froze . 
 his breathing sounded nearer than anyone else 's . 
 he was right next to her . 
 she felt him looming over her body . 
 `` can you feel him , darkesong ? '' 
 his voice was a raspy whisper . 
 `` he is coming . '' 
 she did n't want to , but one word forced its way past the terror . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` my master . '' 
 `` please , do n't hurt me . '' 
 her words trembled like the rest of her . 
 `` deliver you and i will be rewarded with life . '' 
 he reached for her , and kali screamed at the top of her lungs . 
 light flooded the cabin . 
 there was a flurry of movement as mack scrambled from his bed and tackled the bus driver . 
 the light flickered wildly as a heavy flashlight clattered to the floor . 
 mack found his legs first . 
 he dragged mr. ma to his feet and slung him toward the front of the bus . 
 the old man landed with a resounding thud . 
 the sound of rattling bones accompanied the sight of his frail looking body rolling across the metal floor . 
 mack grabbed kali by the shoulders . 
 his eyes were wild . 
 `` are you alright ? 
 did he hurt you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she turned anxiously to where mr. ma lay still . 
 `` mack , we should go . '' 
 to her relief , he nodded in agreement . 
 wide awake but very confused , shannon slid down from the top bunk . 
 `` what the hell is going on ? '' 
 `` shannon , we 'll talk later . 
 get your things . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 the heap of tattered clothing and battered flesh started to move . 
 like a corpse in a bad zombie movie , mr. ma 's upper body whipped upright as he rose from the floor . 
 dark , soulless eyes leveled on the three of them . 
 the malicious gaze shifted its entire focus to kali . 
 `` he comes soon . '' 
 the old man took a step toward them . 
 one hand hung limply at his side . 
 the other stayed hidden behind his back . 
 shannon whimpered . 
 `` this just got really creepy . '' 
 without being told , she and kali backed toward the emergency exit . 
 mack stepped in front of them . 
 his hands were outstretched , palms wide . 
 `` this was not the deal . '' 
 mr. ma 's expression did not change . 
 he continued moving as if a man possessed . 
 `` he is coming . '' 
 he raised his hand , revealing a knife , and rushed forward . 
 kali gasped . 
 shannon screamed . 
 mack bravely launched himself toward mr. ma , catching the knife arm in mid-arc . 
 the curved metal of the dagger glinted as the point aimed at mack 's head . 
 mr. ma brought his free hand up and down , striking his opponent with incredible force over and over . 
 mack staggered backward . 
 his grip loosened enough for the old man to wrest the weapon free . 
 joints enlarged by arthritis wrapped around the hilt expertly as he executed another lunge . 
 mack scrambled backward , twisting to avoid what would have been a lethal stab . 
 while their boss was literally fighting to keep his head , kali and shannon should have been running for their lives . 
 but shannon was scared stupid , and kali was busy studying the old man 's weapon . 
 the steel blade was set in rhinoceros horn , a material carried only by the wealthiest of yemeni citizens . 
 and yet , this asian man of low social status possessed one . 
 stolen ? 
 or traded ? 
 shannon let out a scream two octaves beyond bloodcurdling . 
 time must have slowed as mack dropped to his knees . 
 he was clutching his side . 
 blood gushed between his fingers . 
 sounding a victorious warble , mr. ma brought the dagger down again . 
 kali squeezed her eyes shut and heard mack slump to the metal floor . 
 when she opened them , the old man was standing over a motionless body . 
 worn leather sandals soaked up mack 's blood . 
 shannon 's mouth hung open as if she still screamed , but kali could n't hear her anymore . 
 she could n't hear anything over the pounding of her own heart . 
 shoving the intern aside , she threw her weight onto the lever that would release the emergency exit . 
 it did n't budge . 
 years of nonuse had combined with moisture to create a seal of rust , leaving the door inoperable . 
 kali did n't give up . 
 again and again , she slammed onto the lever . 
 bit by bit , the latch gave way . 
 the hatch opened . 
 cold night air rushed in and circulated the smell of mack 's blood . 
 stifling a sob , she stuck her arm outside and tried to finish wedging the door open . 
 if we can get outside ... we might have a chance . 
 she readied to jump through the opening , but sharp needles of pain radiated across her scalp as mr. ma dragged her back by the hair . 
 stale breath hissed against her ear . 
 kali 's mind flashed to the parking lot of the movie theater ... being groped while held at knifepoint . 
 this time , there would be no handsome stranger to save her . 
 rhane was over 7,000 miles away . 
 mack ... mack was probably dead . 
 and kali wanted very badly not to join him . 
 if i die now , no one would ever find my body in this desert . 
 this old man will do strange , indecent things to me . 
 my parents will never know what happened . 
 and rhane ... anger as white and as hot as the sun flared up inside her . 
 it took control , spilling into her fingers and toes , taking over movement and thought . 
 suddenly , kali knew what to do . 
 her elbow flew back and up , buried deep into the old man 's side until his flesh could n't give anymore . 
 he gasped , but his grip held fast . 
 kali twisted around , shutting her mind off against the pain in her head and neck . 
 she drove the heel of her hand into mr. ma 's throat , momentarily ending his supply of air . 
 choking , the old man stumbled backward , releasing her . 
 his eyes widened with fear . 
 still clutching the dagger , he crept unsteadily towards her . 
 kali stretched out her hand to stop him . 
 what happened next astonished her . 
 grey flames licked out from her fingertips , erupting into a blaze that aimed for her attacker with purpose . 
 mr. ma raised both arms to shield himself , but the strange fire made easy fuel of his clothing . 
 the old man screamed . 
 kali grabbed shannon 's hand and jumped off the bus . 
 the girls landed atop a soft dune and tumbled down the side . 
 each rolled at least six times before coming to a stop at the base of the huge mound . 
 their struggle was n't over . 
 rising above the noise of their panting breaths , a cry left the earth , erupting into the night . 
 like a raging wind over a field of reeds , the howls filled the empty desert , resonating all around them in endless succession . 
 kali recognized the sound . 
 it was the thing from her nightmare ... the monster in the void . 
 chapter 41 `` run ! '' 
 kali yelled and scrambled to her feet , dragging shannon along when the girl did n't immediately rise . 
 choosing a direction that would put the howling behind them , kali took off in an all-out run , trusting shannon would keep up . 
 by light of the moon , kali could see the topography was rapidly changing . 
 tiny brown pebbles littered the fine sand in greater quantities . 
 small rocks became large boulders . 
 then her feet stopped sinking into sand , landing on hard packed earth instead . 
 she squinted at the darkness . 
 remains of buildings and monuments stood on all sides of them . 
 crumbled stone and broken clay were everywhere . 
 in daylight , the ancestral grounds were probably magnificent to behold . 
 but at night and while running for her life , they were downright creepy . 
 keeping her footing on the uneven landscape became a struggle . 
 after stumbling repeatedly , she slowed her pace to minimize the risk of breaking her neck . 
 from the left and slightly behind , shannon squeaked as her foot tripped over the remainder of a disintegrated wall kali had successfully avoided only a second or two earlier . 
 the intern went down hard . 
 barely getting her arms up to break the fall , she landed face first . 
 shannon lifted her head and sobbed pitifully as she labored for air . 
 kali grasped her hand . 
 `` get up . 
 cry later . 
 we have to get out of here . '' 
 `` i ca n't run anymore . '' 
 shannon sobbed . 
 tears streamed down her face . 
 `` i ca n't run anymore , '' she repeated . 
 `` shannon , please . '' 
 shannon snatched her hand away . 
 `` mack is dead . 
 and it 's your fault . 
 mack is dead . '' 
 much closer than before , the howl bellowed into the night , resonating with lust and hunger . 
 kali shivered . 
 the chill covered her body like a second skin . 
 `` do n't you hear that ? 
 we are going to die if you do n't get up ! '' 
 the relief kali experienced when the girl stood was short lived . 
 shannon shoved her , screaming , `` get away from me , you freak . '' 
 taken by surprise , kali stumbled and fell awkwardly into the dirt . 
 memory pulled her back to the bus , and a sickening twist reached low in her gut . 
 shannon had seen what she 'd done to the old man . 
 no wonder she 's afraid of me . 
 i 'm afraid too . 
 keeping her eyes on the intern , kali climbed to her feet slowly . 
 her throat tightened when shannon backed away . 
 `` i do n't understand what 's happening either . '' 
 she tried to keep her voice calm . 
 `` i 'm not going to hurt you . 
 but i think others are coming that will hurt us both if we do n't get out of here . '' 
 `` hurt me ? 
 he only wants you , '' shannon spat . 
 `` what ? '' 
 this time , kali backed away . 
 `` do n't even try to act like the dumb high school kid . 
 why do you think mack insisted you come here ? 
 he sold you to save everyone else . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 kali shook her head , too confused to interpret what shannon was saying . 
 `` you saw what happened to mack . 
 we do n't have time for this . '' 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere with you . '' 
 kali was torn . 
 a very big part of her wanted to leave shannon and all of her name calling behind . 
 but there was another part that was afraid to be alone in the empty desert , pursued by creatures from her wildest nightmares . 
 shannon was still yelling . 
 `` where do you think i was yesterday morning before we started this disaster of a road trip ? '' 
 kali decided to keep quiet and wait for answers . 
 if they both died tonight , at least she would have the truth . 
 `` our buyer , the real buyer , has a plan that will save millions of lives . 
 all they need is you and that stupid statue . 
 but then mack started having second thoughts at the hotel . 
 it took a lot for me to talk him into going through with this deal . 
 the stupid sap was ready to risk everything just because he was afraid you might get hurt . 
 he was going to risk the money , and he was going to risk me . '' 
 shannon 's hands clenched into fists . 
 `` he finally agreed . 
 but to be sure , i went and made arrangements to back door this deal . 
 one way or another , tsai was going to get what he paid for . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` you do n't get it , do you ? 
 we sold you . 
 like a slave . '' 
 `` shannon , i do n't ... '' she searched for the right question , knowing there might only be enough time for one . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because i 'm sick . 
 they promised to save me . '' 
 shannon 's expression twisted strangely . 
 her mouth opened and closed like a fish on dry land . 
 a single breath eased out as her eyes slid shut , and she slumped to the ground . 
 moonlight touched the ivory handle protruding from shannon 's back . 
 mr. ma stood over her body , a predator with a fresh kill at its feet . 
 his eyes glittered , hungering for more , as he smiled and stepped over shannon 's fallen form . 
 kali backed away . 
 tears were on her cheeks , but she was n't going to scream anymore . 
 she would n't give this murderer the satisfaction . 
 she relaxed and closed her eyes , waiting for what would come next , shuddering when another howl tore through the crisp air . 
 the monster was much closer . 
 she began to feel its presence , leaving her cold inside . 
 `` he approves , '' mr. ma whispered eagerly . 
 `` he beckons you . '' 
 the wind lifted . 
 a gentle breeze caressed her cheek , steadied her . 
 a voice spoke softly in her ear . 
 into the ruins . 
 kali 's eyes flew open . 
 only a few feet separated her and the old man . 
 `` your release will be quick . '' 
 the monster roared again . 
 this time it was joined by a cacophony of howls that shook the earth and made her insides quiver . 
 she thought the sound would never end . 
 then the howls climaxed , fading into silence . 
 another voice answered from somewhere in the distance , challenging the approaching monsters . 
 as this new presence announced itself , mr. ma 's visage changed . 
 his face became uncertain as the old man peered into the desert . 
 kali heard the whisper again . 
 run . 
 as if of a separate will , her feet started moving . 
 they pounded across the earth , ushered forward by a reserve of strength she had n't known was there . 
 her lungs screamed for air . 
 mr. ma was close , shrinking the gap . 
 slipping and sliding , kali somehow managed to keep her footing . 
 a fall would mean the same fate mack and shannon had suffered ... or something worse . 
 she gained a new burst of speed as the wind pushed at her back . 
 up ahead was a congestion of boulder-sized stones arranged in a circle . 
 outside of them , a huge shadow rose into the sky , oddly untouched by moonlight . 
 she neared the shadowed mass and saw it was the remainder of two pillars . 
 no . 
 she looked closer . 
 they were monuments ... in the form of wild beasts . 
 each stood erect atop four pedestals , canine in stance . 
 one of the monoliths held its head toward the stars . 
 the other 's gaze was lowered , searching into the desert . 
 they were positioned as guardians , beautiful even in darkness . 
 kali thought of bailen . 
 suddenly , her left foot slammed into something hard . 
 both feet left the earth and ran on nothing as she sailed through the air . 
 kali hit the ground . 
 her lungs emptied with a whoosh , followed by a gasp as she frantically tried to refill them . 
 fine sand filled her mouth instead . 
 gagging , kali rolled onto her back . 
 her fight was gone . 
 the flight was done . 
 there was nothing left to give but her life . 
 if all of this is because of me , maybe i deserve it . 
 the old man appeared above her with a look of excitement . 
 he threw back his head , shouting in his native tongue . 
 the monster roared in answer . 
 they 're communicating . 
 another guttural cry was unleashed , the same challenge from before . 
 the old man shouted again . 
 the newcomer answered more ferociously . 
 a dark figure emerged from the sands , moving as a phantom , almost too fast for the human eye to follow . 
 the blur collided with mr. ma like a speeding train . 
 snarls and shrieks punctuated the violent brawl that raged between them . 
 a startled yelp . 
 the snap of breaking bones . 
 and then the struggle was over . 
 even armed with his dagger , mr. ma had been no match for the creature . 
 after murdering mack and shannon in cold blood , the old man was dead . 
 the voice whispered in her head . 
 come . 
 it was too much for kali to process . 
 nine years ago , a small raven haired child had watched helplessly as mommy screamed at daddy . 
 that thing is not our daughter ! 
 and then mommy had a knife . 
 i 'll prove it , she screamed at daddy . 
 he stopped her . 
 dragged mommy out of the house kicking and screaming . 
 and then policemen came . 
 mommy and daddy were dead . 
 car accident , they said . 
 then wesley was there . 
 i 'll always be close , he said . 
 she had trusted him . 
 trusting him had led her here . 
 now she was going to die too . 
 curling up into a ball , kali moaned . 
 she did n't want to cry . 
 she did n't want to feel helpless . 
 the voice spoke more urgently . 
 kalista , get up . 
 kali clutched her head , covered her face while sobbing . 
 `` how do you know my name ? '' 
 the creature crossed the sands , stalking toward where she lay . 
 with her last thread of consciousness , kali saw it rise from four legs to stand on two . 
 and as he knelt down beside her , the night slipped away . 
 chapter 42 all eight cylinders of the land rover 's engine were wide open . 
 rpms neared red . 
 `` faster , '' rhane demanded . 
 he spotted warren up ahead , almost a mile off . 
 `` we have to go faster . 
 gabriel 's already here . '' 
 york gritted his teeth and pressed the accelerator . 
 `` we 'll reach them first . '' 
 his muscles were tense , ready for the coming fight . 
 a local had rented them the suv and issued a warning : `` shadows '' roamed the desert . 
 shadows were cryptic creatures of legend , killers of livestock and any human who strayed too far into the wilderness . 
 existing well before those oral legends were seeded , york knew the truth about shadows . 
 they were reapers , once honorable men of his own kin , transformed into monsters for crimes of treason . 
 rhane shook his head . 
 `` this wo n't work . 
 reapers have the advantage . 
 ditch the car outside the ruins . 
 we have to go in . '' 
 `` maybe we should stand and fight . '' 
 `` no . 
 i ca n't risk war tangling with gabriel . '' 
 the statement left no room for argument . 
 york spun the land rover into a skidding halt , kicking up a thick curtain of sand . 
 rhane bailed before the wheels had stopped turning , leaving the door wide open as he dashed out into the night . 
 the breeze felt good on his skin . 
 he looked up at the stars , twinkling innocently next to an ever-watchful moon . 
 floating beneath that beauty , the smell of blood was strong . 
 rhane thought of tainted roses , handsome flowers that grew in corpses left to rot on blood-soaked battlefields . 
 warren sprinted up to him , tilting his head backward to see rhane over the bill of his stupid ball cap . 
 he carried a very unconscious kalista as gently as he could in an all-out run . 
 `` they 're close , '' he said . 
 rhane grimaced . 
 `` i know . 
 go to the car . 
 i 'll cover you . '' 
 `` you guys did n't bring it here ? '' 
 `` some things should not come here , war . 
 i realize it 's before your time , but you should know our history . '' 
 with a look of rueful bafflement , war observed rhane 's hands busily exchanging a normal clip for a custom extended magazine in a very large semi-automatic . 
 `` and the gun ? '' 
 rhane smiled . 
 `` let 's not be unreasonable . '' 
 as he turned to lead war back to the land rover , york appeared , blocking the path . 
 `` whoa . 
 not that way . '' 
 his eyes fell to kalista . 
 `` is she okay ? '' 
 war quickly nodded . 
 `` she sorta fainted . '' 
 `` york , '' rhane said as calmly as he could . 
 seeing kalista so motionless and knowing how close he had come to losing her again had really unnerved him . 
 all he wanted to do was take her from war 's arms and never let her out of his sight . 
 but he could n't let himself think it . 
 whether they lived or died depended on all of them having level heads and staying in the moment . 
 `` right , '' york nodded with a sheepish expression , remembering he 'd yet to explain the current dilemma . 
 `` another pack is cutting off our approach . 
 in all probability , they 've already reached the car . '' 
 as if on cue , a dozen howls erupted . 
 their voices held knowledge that the ones hunting against them were few . 
 the reapers felt certain of victory . 
 rhane changed tactics . 
 `` into the ruins then . '' 
 york and war obeyed without question , immediately heading back to the ancestral grounds . 
 rhane followed closely , sidearm ready to pick off the first reaper that entered his sights . 
 a mass of shadows topped the dark horizon . 
 to human eyes they would have been invisible . 
 but warekin were born to kill them . 
 careful to remain outside the ruins , rhane dropped to one knee and fired three shots . 
 two of the creatures dropped . 
 a third fell behind the rest , severely wounded but running strong . 
 rhane swore . 
 he was a little rusty . 
 more reapers came from the east . 
 he fired without hesitation , improved his aim significantly , and cut their numbers in half . 
 loading the last clip , he took aim again . 
 one behind another , the creatures fell dead . 
 then the monster rhane waited for appeared . 
 the one called gabriel materialized out of darkness . 
 glowing red eyes hung ten feet above the ground . 
 he towered above the others , walking upright on two legs . 
 the smell of its hatred poured off in waves . 
 rhane felt as if gabriel knew him . 
 but that was impossible . 
 rhane shifted his stance . 
 he was going to kill this thing . 
 gabriel let out a tremendous bellow , sending tremors rumbling beneath rhane 's feet . 
 the glowing eyes disappeared , and the monster was gone . 
 rhane blinked . 
 the eyes reappeared . 
 closer ! 
 too close . 
 how can he move so fast ? 
 rhane squeezed the trigger . 
 the muzzle flashed with gunfire , sending a barrage of blue-green bullets whizzing into the night . 
 half the clip was done , and he had n't missed once . 
 the glowing eyes vanished ... rhane waited . 
 he thought he heard york 's voice but blocked it out . 
 there ! 
 not even a hundred feet away , the eyes reappeared . 
 the immense form enveloping the red orbs would have made lesser men piss their pants . 
 rhane got off one more shot before his body was hauled backward by an irresistible force . 
 `` what the -- '' `` what the hell is wrong with you ? '' 
 it was york , hurriedly dragging rhane away from certain death . 
 `` we have to go pronto . '' 
 `` i do n't know if i 've ever seen anything move so fast . '' 
 `` ok . 
 what 's plan b ? '' 
 rhane ran on his own now . 
 `` we have to hide . '' 
 york gritted his teeth . 
 `` this way . '' 
 the ruins were immense . 
 once an oasis , the huge city formed of clay and molten sands covered miles of desert and had served as an outpost for their people , the warekin . 
 some of the buildings were three stories in height and still blended perfectly with the surroundings . 
 refreshing pools , formerly fed by cool streams flowing throughout the city , were now bowls of dust . 
 not a drop of water remained . 
 york led them to a spot well hidden inside a courtyard reduced to shambles like everything else . 
 kalista was tucked safely between two boulders only approachable from one direction . 
 war crouched nearby . 
 his eyes flicked briefly to rhane and then returned to watching the ruins . 
 `` since you are no longer bravely keeping those things occupied , i 'm thinking we have less than a minute until they find us here . '' 
 rhane heard york loud and clear . 
 but something else tugged at his thoughts . 
 he looked around , absorbing the environment , trying to find what he was missing . 
 he spotted the sentinels . 
 yes . 
 `` there used to be tunnels beneath this city , '' he said . 
 york followed the direction of his gaze . 
 `` great idea -- but those are closed to everyone except the ruling class . 
 and i 'm pretty sure they 've marked you off the guest list . '' 
 rhane knew york was right . 
 but the whisper urged him forward . 
 go . 
 `` york , carry kalista . 
 we 'll move faster . '' 
 he went toward the towers built in the likeness of primes . 
 one looked to the heavens , calling out to warekin ancestors . 
 the other prime , he who was killed in the massacre , held a protective gaze over the city . 
 the tunnels were sealed and the city abandoned not long after his death . 
 the three men moved as fast as possible while maintaining stealth . 
 they had to remain invisible for as long as possible . 
 reapers were in the city , fanning out , trying to surround them . 
 rhane used every alleyway and shortcut he remembered to prevent that from happening . 
 he signaled to york and then scrambled up and over the remains of a well-fortified wall . 
 war followed . 
 york climbed to the top and peered over . 
 landing that while carrying kalista would be tricky . 
 hurting her simply was n't an option . 
 rhane called up softly , `` give her to me . '' 
 york nodded and dropped her into rhane 's waiting arms . 
 he made the catch expertly , forming a cradle to absorb the momentum through his arms and shoulders . 
 inhaling her scent , he swallowed hard and could n't resist pulling her to his chest to feel her heart beat solidly against him for a moment . 
 york landed lithely next to rhane . 
 `` i hope this works . '' 
 they had entered the courtyard of primes . 
 the barren , rocky soil bore not even a shadow of the sanctum 's former glory of lush grass and flowering gardens . 
 rhane led them to the nearest statue and halted at the base . 
 he was unsure of what to do next . 
 war and york waited quietly . 
 `` take her . '' 
 york nodded , slipping kalista from rhane 's arms . 
 rhane studied the stone surface , running his hands across the immense head , then down through the neck and shoulders . 
 it was hard to shut out the whispers of the horde moving about in the ruins . 
 gabriel bellowed again , far hungrier than the rest . 
 long dormant defenses responded in rhane 's body . 
 white fur rippled across his forearms . 
 his vision sharpened tenfold as his eyes transformed to something less human . 
 rhane restrained the partial changes and calmly reversed them . 
 `` rhane , buddy , we got a lot of action headed our way , '' york said tightly . 
 he was right . 
 from the sound of things , reapers were almost on top of their position . 
 their moans and whispers came from all directions . 
 in seconds , the warekin would be fighting tough odds to stay alive . 
 rhane shoved the thought aside and moved on to carefully examine the wall of rock that made up the fourth pillar of the sentinel 's hind quarter . 
 a groove between two panels showed itself to him . 
 pulsing blue light illuminated the seam . 
 the voice spoke again . 
 blood . 
 rhane slipped a knife from his boot and used the serrated blade to slit his palm wide open . 
 blood spilled from the gash , pooling in his hand . 
 hot droplets spattered on the cool earth . 
 `` as soon as we get back , assuming we get back , i want you to talk to someone . '' 
 york was only half kidding . 
 moving the bloodied left hand across the pillar , rhane painted the seal red . 
 the stones brightened . 
 symbols of the old language appeared , rising from the statue as if beckoned forth by some unspoken command . 
 there was a noise , stone grinding against stone , and more blue symbols appeared in two vertical rows . 
 the columns parted . 
 a tiny crack at the foot of the statue widened to become a gaping hole , leading down into the earth and beneath the city . 
 no one made a move . 
 york and war seemed entranced by the blue light . 
 `` get inside ! '' 
 rhane yelled . 
 kalista , cradled safely within york 's arms , began to stir . 
 a noise above them made rhane 's head snap up . 
 too late . 
 he met the reaper 's furious eyes a split second before it lunged . 
 four hundred pounds of predator landed on top of him , growling and snapping at his face . 
 the smell of it was rancid , like rotting eggs and vomit . 
 rhane twisted so the weight of the animal collapsed them both into the passageway . 
 he felt the sharp angle of every stair of the two flights he and the reaper tumbled down . 
 landing solidly at the bottom , the impact flung them apart . 
 rhane recovered first and was on his feet in a flash , pumping the remaining bullets into the reaper 's chest and head . 
 it went down and did n't move again . 
 he moved away until his back touched the wall . 
 it took him another second to appreciate he was in absolute darkness . 
 york called out from deeper within the passageway . 
 there was a bit of humor in his voice . 
 `` i 'm coming up on your right . 
 i 'd say do n't shoot , but i doubt you 've got anything left to shoot me with . '' 
 `` i still have a knife . '' 
 rhane slipped the expended pistol into its holster . 
 york sniffed the air . 
 `` well , we wo n't have to worry about this thing for the foreseeable future . 
 and you 're still bleeding . '' 
 rhane flexed his hand . 
 `` it 's healing . '' 
 `` kali is coming around . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 york shifted uneasily . 
 `` how did you know this would work ? '' 
 rhane looked where he knew york 's face would be had there been any light to see it . 
 `` it was something i 'm not sure i understand . '' 
 he paused thoughtfully . 
 not wanting to take the chance that kalista could be awake and listening , he shook his head . 
 `` we 'll talk later . '' 
 `` fair enough , '' york agreed . 
 `` but did your spider sense show you the way out of here too ? '' 
 rhane walked away without replying . 
 york called after him , `` seriously . '' 
 at least york was joking again . 
 it was a good sign . 
 the big guy 's relaxed manner meant the immediate we 're - probably-all-going-to-die danger had passed and things were unlikely to get worse . 
 `` even we ca n't see down here without a luminary source of some sort , '' rhane said , addressing the most pressing issue . 
 `` we need to find light . '' 
 he continued toward the scent of kalista . 
 she was just ahead . 
 he tried not to think of how little air flowed down in the tunnels or how tight of circles the currents moved in . 
 york spoke at the right moment , redirecting those thoughts . 
 `` i smelled ignitable materials over this way . 
 maybe there were torches left behind . 
 let 's feel around and see if -- '' he did n't finish the sentence because a torch lit , breathing light into the darkness . 
 another lit as rhane walked past ... and then another . 
 rhane stopped . 
 york frowned . 
 `` that 's weird . 
 are you doing that ? '' 
 `` not consciously ... '' war looked up . 
 he was grateful for the light no matter the cause . 
 `` what happened to our company ? '' 
 `` i took care of the one that followed me down . 
 the doors closed as we fell . 
 nothing else got through . '' 
 the younger kin visibly relaxed . 
 `` how do we get out of here ? '' 
 `` i 'm working on it . '' 
 `` rhane , there 's something you should know . '' 
 war stopped , looking slightly troubled . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` i saw river . 
 he was on the plane . '' 
 `` are you certain ? '' 
 `` he was unmistakable . '' 
 rhane knelt beside kalista . 
 her eyelids fluttered . 
 `` war ... we 'll deal with that later . '' 
 `` good idea , '' york said . 
 `` i think she 's about to freak out . '' 
 `` she 's not going to freak . '' 
 `` if she does n't freak , i 'll do the repairs for the entire east wall of the manor . '' 
 `` york , she 's fine . '' 
 `` come on . 
 let 's say she screams a tiny bit . 
 what are you giving up ? '' 
 `` that moped i was going to get you will be upgraded to a compact car . '' 
 `` you cheap -- '' york began but did n't finish as kalista sat up , going from semiconscious to wide awake in an instant . 
 she scrambled away from them , kicking up dust . 
 her eyes were wide with unfinished fright from an earlier encounter . 
 the torches expanded in a burst of intensity as if someone had stoked a fire . 
 changing from orange to an unnatural grey , the flames pulsed methodically . 
 `` whoa , '' york breathed . 
 `` her trick is way cooler than yours . '' 
 rhane kept his attention on kalista . 
 his voice remained low and gentle . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 it 's rhane . 
 you 're with me now . 
 and you 're safe . '' 
 her chest expanded rapidly with shallow respirations . 
 the sound of her heart thudded in his ears . 
 her lips parted . 
 `` you 're safe , '' rhane repeated firmly . 
 `` there was a m-monster , '' she stammered . 
 `` he 's gone . '' 
 she looked at him . 
 recognition flooded her eyes . 
 rhane could see the tears she held back , tears best shed later . 
 he waited quietly , afraid to say anything that might break down the dam she was trying so hard to build . 
 if kalista fell apart , they would be stuck underground that much longer . 
 her glance flickered over his shoulder to where war crouched out of the way . 
 `` i saw that boy on the plane . 
 and then on my balcony . '' 
 her voice dropped to a whisper . 
 `` and i think i saw him change ... from something else . 
 it was n't human . '' 
 rhane turned and glared at war . 
 the boy looked very contrite . 
 mouthing `` sorry , '' he stood and repositioned himself out of kalista 's line of sight . 
 rhane looked back at kalista . 
 `` do you trust me ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she said without hesitation . 
 the conviction in her response made him smile . 
 `` the boy is with me . 
 that means you can trust him . '' 
 she nodded . 
 some of the tension and all of the fear left her features . 
 `` can you stand ? '' 
 `` i think so . '' 
 when she wobbled with the effort , rhane leaned in to steady her . 
 she looked around with more than a little confusion . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 he grimaced . 
 `` underground . 
 these are hidden labyrinths beneath the ruins . '' 
 he removed a couple of torches from the recess in the wall . 
 the flames were of normal intensity and color again . 
 handing one to york , he kept the other and faced kalista . 
 `` we need to get moving . '' 
 behind him york muttered , `` that totally counted as freaking . '' 
 chapter 43 kali walked next to rhane , feeling embarrassed because he 'd had to come to her rescue yet again . 
 even chicks in movies did n't need saving this much . 
 her mind reeled with events of the night . 
 there had n't been much time to process any of it . 
 her terrible nightmares had somehow become a crazy , life-threatening reality . 
 horrible creatures were hunting her . 
 mack had made a black market deal to sell her . 
 now he was dead and so was his mistress . 
 defensive moves kali had n't known she possessed had come to her like second nature . 
 a fire bomb had propelled from her freaking fingertips after appearing out of thin air . 
 now she was in a top secret passageway . 
 and the boy walking ten feet behind her was human only on a part-time basis . 
 the tunnels were seriously creepy . 
 light from the torches cast odd shadows , creating an eerie ambiance . 
 add to it the strange quiet . 
 only the sound of their footsteps , or rather , her footsteps resonated in the silence . 
 she was the only one in their entourage who made noise as she walked . 
 but in comparison to everything that had happened , rhane , york , and warren 's ability to move like ninjas rated very low on the scale of weirdness . 
 there were so many questions to ask . 
 kali was n't sure where to start . 
 she was n't sure if rhane would answer any of them . 
 she was n't even sure if anyone knew where they were going . 
 to her , everything looked the same . 
 her companions seemed confident . 
 then again , rhane always appeared certain of himself . 
 `` how did you know where to find me ? '' 
 she blurted . 
 he glanced at her with a secretive smile . 
 `` i 've been keeping an eye on you since that night at the theater . '' 
 she thought that over for a second and decided rhane 's stalker confession was harmless . 
 so far he had done all the saving and none of the endangering . 
 `` do you know why those things are after me ? '' 
 `` honestly , no . '' 
 after a pause , he asked , `` what were you guys doing out here in the middle of the desert anyway ? '' 
 kali let out a long breath . 
 `` my boss acquired a rare artifact . 
 he came here to sell it . '' 
 he raised an eyebrow . 
 `` do you usually accompany him on such risky business ventures ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` not really . 
 i mean , i 've traveled with him before on digs , but usually the selling and trading he handles alone ... or with wesley . '' 
 `` what made this time different ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 mack wanted me to come . 
 he said the buyer asked for me specifically . '' 
 rhane looked doubtful . 
 `` and your parents let you go ? '' 
 `` wesley talked to lisa . 
 he must have been convincing because she said yes . '' 
 kali shrugged . 
 `` how long have you known wesley ? '' 
 `` since i was a little girl . 
 he said it was okay . 
 and i trusted him . 
 that 's why i 'm here . '' 
 her lip quivered . 
 `` shannon , the intern who was with us , said they had arranged to sell me . '' 
 rhane 's eyes seemed to change to an entirely different color . 
 kali brushed it off as a trick of the light . 
 she remembered something the old man had told her . 
 `` our bus driver said something about a reward . '' 
 rhane stopped walking . 
 `` tell me his words exactly . '' 
 `` he said , '' she tried not to shiver while remembering mr. ma 's soulless glare , `` if he delivered me to his master , he would be rewarded with life . '' 
 kali did n't miss the subtle look exchanged between the men . 
 rhane abruptly resumed walking . 
 she scrambled to catch up to his ever increasing stride . 
 `` what are n't you saying ? 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 he did n't look at her . 
 `` i ca n't say . '' 
 `` what ? 
 what do you mean , ` i ca n't say ' ? '' 
 her head shook with the incredulity of it . 
 `` this is my life that 's being threatened here . 
 tell me what 's going on ! '' 
 rhane stopped again . 
 he stuck his face close to hers , lifting the torch higher so she could see him clearly . 
 `` kalista , i can not explain anything to you until i understand it myself . 
 right now the conclusions i have are of the absolute worst nature . 
 to share them with you is a cruelty i am not capable of . '' 
 she relented with a hesitant nod . 
 `` okay . '' 
 but there was something else . 
 `` i think one of them is communicating with me somehow . 
 he 's like this huge , terrible monster waiting for me to fall asleep . 
 can you at least tell me if he 's real ? 
 i feel like i 'm going nuts . '' 
 a brief battle flashed across his face . 
 finally , he answered . 
 `` if it is he who i think it is , then he is the reason this labyrinth was built . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 she hoped very much that rhane would go on , and was surprised when he did . 
 `` a very long time ago , that creature committed an act of treason that ripped an entire civilization in two . 
 in the years during the civil war , tunnels were constructed beneath this city to ensure the safety of ruling families . '' 
 `` you said your lineage traced back to a people who lived at foot of the golden mountains . 
 that 's relatively near the gobi . 
 have you ever been here before ? '' 
 up ahead , york whistled . 
 `` that one is smart as a whip . '' 
 ignoring him , rhane slid a glance in her direction . 
 `` i 've never been down here before this night . '' 
 `` it feels like we 've been walking for hours . 
 how will we find the way out ? '' 
 `` it 's only been forty-one minutes , '' a voice called from behind . 
 that was warren , the wolf-boy . 
 `` these tunnels are very old . 
 they range for miles , covering the entire area underneath the city . '' 
 rhane gave an easy shrug . 
 but the way his shoulders were set remained tense . 
 `` it 's not a maze . 
 it will eventually lead us to the surface . '' 
 ironically , at that moment the single shaft diverged into two separate pathways headed in very opposite directions . 
 everyone stopped at the juncture except warren . 
 he walked ahead to examine the gaping dark of both entrances . 
 york looked at rhane . 
 `` is your spider sense back yet ? 
 hear any more voices ? '' 
 kali had no idea what the big guy meant , but when rhane replied , he sounded annoyed . 
 `` you two go scout ahead . '' 
 he handed his torch to warren . 
 `` report back . 
 then we 'll figure out which way . 
 i 'll stay here with kalista . '' 
 york grinned . 
 `` sir , yes sir . '' 
 after gesturing for warren to take the right tunnel , he quickly disappeared into the left . 
 they left and the light went with them . 
 kali had no time to feel any measure of unease . 
 for as soon as they were gone , rhane moved closer and wrapped his arms around her . 
 she went willingly as he drew her close and buried his face into her hair . 
 a moment passed , and he pushed her away gently . 
 kali looked for where his face would 've been , confused and missing his warmth . 
 `` what was that for ? '' 
 before he could answer , the glow of the torches returned , getting stronger and brighter as they converged . 
 warren and york were back . 
 york did n't waste any time delivering the results of his reconnaissance . 
 `` my way is a no go . 
 there 's a cave-in after several hundred yards . 
 i hope war did better . '' 
 kali had turned to hear york more clearly through the distorting underground echo . 
 feeling rhane 's fingers brush against her sleeve , she looked back to him . 
 `` because i needed it , '' he whispered softly . 
 his voice was normal again when he addressed york . 
 `` that 's okay . 
 war does n't look like he thinks we 'll be spending the night down here . 
 i guess we 're headed right . '' 
 war nodded . 
 `` the tunnel goes on for about a quarter mile and then opens into a big cavern of some sort . 
 the walls are covered in a weird man-made coating . 
 beyond that , i 'm not sure . 
 the tunnel definitely continues . 
 it smells like there might be water up ahead . '' 
 `` okay , '' rhane said . 
 `` let 's get moving . '' 
 war had understated the size of the cavern the tunnel led into . 
 half of a city block could have easily fit inside the immense space . 
 kali could n't hide her awe as she turned in a full circle , taking in as much as the dim light would allow . 
 something bizarre was happening . 
 it was as if the walls themselves were absorbing the light , and a faint glow began emitting from the rock . 
 `` do you see that ? '' 
 kali was n't sure why she was whispering . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 rhane sounded wary . 
 `` up here , '' york called . 
 rhane touched her arm . 
 `` wait here . '' 
 york pointed to an area in the floor when rhane reached him . 
 `` there are impressions . 
 like someone stood in this exact spot pretty often . '' 
 rhane crouched down to take a closer look . 
 kali stood on tiptoe , wanting badly to see what they were looking at . 
 she risked moving closer . 
 war glanced in her direction but did n't try to stop her . 
 the impression was a pair of footprints . 
 nothing was miraculous about them . 
 it was only that they were worn permanently into the floor . 
 rhane straightened . 
 with a measured look at york , he stepped into the impressions . 
 kali heard a faint click . 
 and then the walls came to life . 
 powered by some unseen source , light flooded the cavern . 
 pictures materialized on every walled surface , surrounding them with a 360 degree view of a projected painting . 
 a faint humming filled the room . 
 kali took in a startled breath when the pictures began to move . 
 above their heads , the ceiling erupted in a brilliance of red and orange as if it were on fire . 
 light from it grew brighter and brighter , becoming so blinding that it hurt to look at . 
 the faint hum built to a dull but painful roar , and the roof of the cave seemed to move toward her . 
 kali threw up both hands , shielding her eyes from the light . 
 she stifled a scream , mentally reassuring herself that it was n't real . 
 there was no way armageddon would start a hundred feet below the surface in an old , man-made cave . 
 the fire that engulfed the ceiling shifted to the walls , transforming into a massive fireball hurtling through the sky much like an asteroid en route to earth . 
 it impacted the ground , violently imprinting its presence with a huge crater . 
 the flames died , and a foreign-looking object was revealed in the settling dust . 
 kali was n't sure what to call it . 
 nothing she 'd ever seen in sci-fi movies came close to replicating the structure . 
 for lack of a better word to describe it , her mind labeled it a pod . 
 and it was immense . 
 the pod towered above every tree that had survived the destruction of its arrival . 
 strange blue symbols illuminated metallic surfaces , glowing for a short while and then disappearing . 
 animals emerged from one of three spirals that sprouted from a spherical core . 
 fearsome teeth and claws identified the creatures as predators . 
 fur in colors ranging from white to black , with every shade of grey and brown in between covered their hides . 
 they ran on all fours , assimilating into the surrounding habitat . 
 a second group of animals came forth . 
 these were horrible monstrosities . 
 some ran on all fours like the ones that preceded them . 
 others ran on two legs . 
 and as the sunlight touched them , the creatures appeared to writhe in pain . 
 stronger than the agony was the will to be free . 
 hides smoking under the merciless sun , they streaked away from the downed vessel , finding cover in the shadows . 
 the scene shifted , faded to a darkness that did n't last long . 
 the images that surfaced next were even more disturbing than the last . 
 an all-out war raged . 
 soldiers in gold and black armor battled shadowy figures that shifted forms , alternating between men and grotesque troll-beasts . 
 both sides suffered heavy losses . 
 blood soaked the battleground . 
 more beasts poured onto the scene , joining the gruesome fray . 
 it was horrible to watch . 
 some died as men . 
 others died as monsters . 
 kali wanted to close her eyes , but she could n't . 
 she had to see what happened next . 
 despite the climbing death toll , the number of participants embroiled in the war continued to grow . 
 the masses increased until only a weird mixture of human and inhuman faces filled the walls with expressions of rage , triumph , defeat , and regret . 
 the faces began to disintegrate . 
 the scene changed , gradually dimming to nothing as darkness reentered the cavern . 
 sometime during the extraordinary barrage of moving images , the torches had died out . 
 or maybe war and york had deliberately snuffed them to limit any possible interference . 
 kali was pondering the thought when a strange fluttering sound reached her ears . 
 it was like the noise of a bird 's feathers beating the air but amplified times a thousand . 
 and it was growing louder . 
 and closer . 
 kali looked up . 
 and screamed . 
 a goliath had descended upon them , carried upon enormous wings that touched either side of the cavern walls . 
 red and black scales patterned its skin . 
 yellow eyes , as big as a compact car , were split in horizontal halves by black slits . 
 the monster opened its mouth . 
 a spark ignited , and fire materialized in its jaws . 
 kali screamed again and staggered backward . 
 thunder rumbled . 
 the ground began to shift , the quaking intense enough to make the walls and earth blur in sight . 
 she lost her footing , thrown by the force of the disturbance . 
 something solid stopped her from falling , but then the floor itself gave way , crumbling from beneath her feet , leaving only air to support her . 
 kali started to free fall into darkness , and then was abruptly jerked to a midair stop . 
 a chaos of rocks and dirt rained down into the gaping hole that had been the ground only seconds before . 
 she looked up . 
 the walls were glowing again , but the moving images had stopped . 
 the goliath was gone . 
 did i imagine it ? 
 if she did n't stop having crazy hallucinations , kali was going to commit herself to the loony bin . 
 past the hand holding on to her , she met york 's affable grin . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i wo n't let go . '' 
 how he could be so cavalier in the present circumstances was beyond her . 
 as she was about to breathe her thanks , the situation got way worse . 
 unseen water announced its presence , rushing in like it had breached a flooded levee . 
 a moment later , thousands of gallons poured into the cavern . 
 unstoppable in force , the torrent pummeled everything in its path . 
 it rose rapidly , too rapidly . 
 even a skilled swimmer like kali would not survive . 
 she would be ultimately crushed beneath the surging weight . 
 she looked down at the dark , angry waters and then back up at the only person standing between her and certain death . 
 `` please , do n't let go . '' 
 `` get ready . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 fear squeezed her chest . 
 no way was he thinking about dropping her into that . 
 upward momentum followed , erasing the premature panic she felt , as york pulled her up . 
 suddenly at eye level with the big man , she scrambled against the rock in search of solid footholds . 
 his grip was steadfast until she found them . 
 `` you saved my life . '' 
 york looked down and cringed . 
 `` not ... yet . '' 
 kali 's eyes widened in confusion and then dread . 
 ice cold water encircled her feet , and showed no signs of stopping . 
 the level reached her hips . 
 pretty soon , her shoulders were submerged . 
 kali gasped from the shock of the freezing temperature . 
 then her body promptly acclimated and warmth filled her . 
 from her head and down to her toes , she was protected against even the slightest chill . 
 she let go of the wall . 
 the water had slowed enough to make treading in it barely a danger . 
 but the cavern was still filling . 
 the ceiling was only ten feet away from her head . 
 if something did n't happen fast , they were going to drown . 
 chapter 44 `` york ! '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` what do we do ? '' 
 `` do n't freak out . '' 
 `` too late ! '' 
 reaching up , kali could have touched the cavern roof . 
 she was trying very hard not to hyperventilate . 
 even york looked worried . 
 maybe there 's a way out . 
 i can swim to the bottom and find it . 
 this water has to be coming from somewhere . 
 when she barely had room enough to hold her mouth above the water , it finally stopped rising . 
 york floated on his back to keep breathing air . 
 `` well ... that was intense , '' he said . 
 with the immediate danger diminished , kali 's mind could stretch beyond thoughts of self-preservation . 
 she looked around . 
 only their two heads floated above the rippled surface . 
 `` where 's rhane ? '' 
 `` that 's a good question . '' 
 york 's mouth quirked . 
 `` maybe you 've noticed that rhane hates being underground . 
 he does n't care much for large quantities of water either . '' 
 he actually laughed . 
 `` this must be one helluva combo for him . '' 
 she thought back to their date at ridge lake and realized york was right . 
 though he 'd hidden it well , rhane had n't been very excited to swim in the lake , and was almost relieved when they 'd left . 
 `` but he 's okay , right ? 
 he has to be okay . '' 
 `` shhh -- '' `` why ? '' 
 york turned on his side , bringing an ear out of the water . 
 flipping over again , he shouted , `` kalista , go now ! 
 swim ! '' 
 responding to the urgency in his tone , she dived beneath the water and kicked as hard as her legs knew how . 
 large pieces of rock hurtled past as the ceiling buckled , and then collapsed into a thousand deadly projectiles . 
 she cut her speed in order to dodge the debris . 
 even a graze by one of the larger chunks could have broken a bone . 
 she had done so well thus far surviving the night . 
 she did n't want things to end with her drowning while in excruciating pain . 
 from the corner of her eye , she saw a huge rock careening directly toward her . 
 there was n't enough time to move from its course . 
 kali tensed , waiting for the painful impact -- but york was suddenly there , shoving her clear , placing himself in the path of the boulder . 
 the muffled thud reached her ears even underwater . 
 his body jerked . 
 he swam a few more strokes and then went limp . 
 training from two summers as a lifeguard made kali react without thinking . 
 she kicked hard . 
 reaching york , she grabbed his collar and pulled at his sinking form . 
 the boulder 's tow was strong , but kali 's will was as powerful as her swimming . 
 york was safe , but she did n't know where to go next . 
 to surface was not an option . 
 going down was n't a great idea either . 
 the cavern was massive ; she might swim in circles for an hour without knowing it and never find the way out . 
 some detail nudged for attention . 
 she was missing something . 
 think . 
 kali swam to avoid more chunks of falling rock . 
 holding onto to york was getting tougher . 
 and fear was setting in , trying to paralyze . 
 what am i missing ? 
 think ! 
 then she understood why holding york had become so difficult . 
 his body was being tugged by a current . 
 the current meant the water was escaping somewhere . 
 she could have sobbed in relief . 
 she swam into the current , keeping a sure grip on york . 
 the deeper she went , the darker it got . 
 but there was less rock and therefore , less danger . 
 they were drawn into a conduit of some sort where the walls were much closer , forming a narrow passage . 
 kali felt her shoes scrape the bottom more than once . 
 she hoped the exit was n't much further . 
 her heart sank when she caught site of the canal 's source . 
 what used to be the large entrance to a tunnel had caved in with the quake . 
 only a small opening remained . 
 it was big enough for her to squeeze around , but no way could she maneuver a man of york 's size through . 
 she shoved at the blockage with her free hand , hoping some part of it would dislodge . 
 her lungs started to feel the strain for air . 
 she was running out of time . 
 kicking the rock in frustration , kali kept pushing , praying for something to give . 
 she wanted to cry . 
 she could n't leave york . 
 she just could n't . 
 she closed her eyes , and was startled when something cold grazed her cheek and then grabbed her wrist , yanking her to the side . 
 kali opened her eyes . 
 it was rhane . 
 bracing himself with invisible footholds , he latched onto the large rock blocking the opening . 
 gradually , the stone moved like the slowest gears on a turning clock . 
 and the tunnel was opened ! 
 kali swam through and pulled york with her , guessing the direction to reach the surface . 
 her need for air was reaching critical . 
 york had to be near drowned . 
 her head broke free of the water , letting the night air caress her face . 
 the moon and stars twinkled , winking as if they knew how glad she was to see them . 
 smiling up at the sky , she looked around . 
 her refuge was a small pool no more than six feet in circumference . 
 a tiny waterhole in a barren desert , it gave no hint of the labyrinth over a hundred feet below . 
 the pool was actually more like a well . 
 there were no shallow borders . 
 climbing out was going to be a problem . 
 then kali spied warren at the edge of the shore , waiting with an outstretched hand . 
 the red ball cap somehow still rested snugly on his head . 
 after hauling york out of the water , he reached for kali . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` rhane , '' she gasped . 
 `` he 's coming . 
 take my hand . '' 
 `` how can you know that ? '' 
 `` i can hear him . '' 
 she eyed the young man suspiciously , making no move to exit the water . 
 yeah , the night had been a weird one , but kali was n't ready to believe that warren could hear someone swimming fifty to a hundred feet below the surface . 
 rhane had been under way too long . 
 if he did n't come up soon , it would mean he had passed out , possibly drowned . 
 and if she got out of the water , she knew warren would not let her go back to help . 
 `` kali , trust me . '' 
 trust . 
 it was such a simple word loaded with nuances of meaning . 
 rhane had asked her to trust him and to trust his friends . 
 but what if rhane was counting on her to come back for him ? 
 kali treaded water , unsure of what to do . 
 `` the more we argue about this , the longer i ca n't pound the water out of york 's chest . 
 and i really like hitting him . '' 
 kali decided to go back . 
 she opened her mouth to apologize before ducking under , but then rhane 's head bobbed up . 
 water poured from his hair into a pair of eyes that were a little too wide . 
 shoving his hair aside , he glided toward the shore . 
 kali shivered when his hand pressed into the small of her back , pushing her forward with him . 
 warren reached for her again , and this time , she took his hand . 
 he lifted her as if she weighed as much as a feather . 
 rhane followed , climbing out on his own . 
 warren redirected his focus to york . 
 rhane stumbled a few feet away and dropped slowly to kneel on all fours . 
 kali went to him . 
 he had yet to make a sound and it worried her . 
 panting or profuse coughing was expected after a swim like that . 
 it was the first step to breathing normally . 
 but rhane was n't doing any of that . 
 he was silent . 
 sitting next to him , kali rested a hand on his back . 
 she was surprised when her hand began to shake . 
 his entire body was seized with tremors . 
 she lowered her face to his and looked closer . 
 his eyes were squeezed shut . 
 every line of his face was tense . 
 his fingers dug into the sand spasmodically . 
 `` breathe , '' she whispered into his ear . 
 rhane obediently dragged in that first gasp of air . 
 `` breathe , '' she repeated again and again , until the rise and fall of his chest came at regular intervals . 
 kali relaxed , releasing a breath she did n't realize she had been holding . 
 oxygen flow restored , rhane finished recovering speedily . 
 he pushed back to rest on his heels , and offered kali a tight smile . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 behind them , york made a sputtering return to the land of the living . 
 rhane glanced in his direction but did n't move . 
 kali touched the sleeve of his drenched jacket . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 york told me that you ... '' she stopped , not sure if continuing would embarrass him . 
 `` he did , huh ? '' 
 rhane 's tone was casual , but kali did n't miss the way his face closed . 
 she bit her lip and waited . 
 `` bad stuff always happens near water . 
 i drowned as a kid . 
 twice . '' 
 he shook his head at the memory . 
 `` i was n't expecting this here . 
 did n't have time to adapt . '' 
 kali mustered a tentative smile . 
 `` a raging underground river in the middle of the gobi desert , that 's a new one . '' 
 rhane did n't exactly smile . 
 but his expression became less severe . 
 he pushed to his feet . 
 `` it 's just an excuse . '' 
 kali stood as well . 
 staying close to him and his friends felt like the safest bet . 
 so , until she was out of this god-forsaken desert , she was going to do precisely that , even if it meant being glued to rhane 's elbow . 
 there would be time later to freak out about her hallucinations of fire breathing monsters and the boy traveling with them who possibly led a double life as a disturbingly large wolf . 
 and to be fair , kali was n't the poster child for normal herself . 
 she slipped her hand into rhane 's , surprised by how good it felt when his fingers curled around hers . 
 she responded in kind , gently squeezing his hand . 
 `` hey , it 's nice to know that something scares you . 
 i was beginning to think you were n't human . '' 
 chapter 45 `` you know what i do n't get ? '' 
 it was a rhetorical question , one york was ready to answer . 
 `` i got hit in the back with a rock the size of a volvo . 
 so why is my chest the only thing that 's bruised ? '' 
 rhane sat at the edge of the king-sized bed , watching kalista while listening to the conversation between war and york hastily deteriorate into an argument . 
 the hotel room in beijing had a lot to offer after their arduous trek in the desert -- hot water , soft beds , coffee , and food . 
 but after taking a shower and changing clothes , rhane still smelled the stench of reapers and their blood on him . 
 the walk out of the desert was a long one . 
 kalista had been completely spent two hours in . 
 she was out cold but still on her feet when rhane lifted her into his arms . 
 for the next several miles , he and york alternated turns carrying her . 
 war , in wolf skin , traveled alongside them , battle ready for trouble that never came . 
 once they 'd reached a trading outpost , rhane hired a driver smart enough to not ask questions . 
 twelve hours later , it was well into morning , he had n't slept in three nights , and the end of this day was nowhere in sight . 
 `` do n't sell yourself short . '' 
 war smirked , making no attempt to hide the satisfaction he got out of being the cause of the big guy 's discomfort . 
 `` i think your ego may have gotten bruised too , being that kalista had to save your butt and all . '' 
 `` hey , i 'm a real man . 
 i got no problem with being rescued by a hot girl . '' 
 `` hotness would be relevant had you sealed the deal on the resuscitation part . 
 and that 's why you 're bruised , by the way . 
 my mouth was n't about to touch your ugly mug . 
 so i pounded on your chest until you breathed again . 
 it worked . 
 you 're welcome . '' 
 york growled in annoyance . 
 his ego had suffered a hit , having to be saved first by kalista , a teenage girl , and then by war who was n't even half his age . 
 and from the smug grin plastered on his face , war also knew how much it bothered him . 
 `` do n't be sore , '' he said . 
 `` the next time we train , i 'll show you who 's sore . '' 
 `` bring it on , old man . '' 
 rhane decided it was a good time to step in . 
 those two could go at it all day . 
 `` we need to get out of here . '' 
 york swallowed the insult he 'd been about to toss at war and gave his full attention to rhane . 
 `` i agree . '' 
 `` call the jet . 
 we ca n't risk flying commercial . 
 more human servants could be there . '' 
 `` rhane , those reapers have been trapped in beast form for centuries . 
 do you think something has changed ? 
 humans do n't serve without some kind of reward . '' 
 `` maybe they 're giving them protection , '' war offered . 
 `` the people in the rangelands have herds that would be vulnerable . '' 
 york scoffed . 
 `` reapers are probably eating more of their camels than any other predator out there . '' 
 `` the bus driver was there to deliver kalista to gabriel . '' 
 rhane had come to several conclusions about the implications of that fact . 
 by design he said nothing of them . 
 he waited , wanting to see how the puzzle fit together from an outside perspective . 
 york was looking down at the floor , sharp mind busy putting everything in order . 
 he and rhane had spent a lot of time together training , fighting , and surviving . 
 each man knew how the other thought . 
 rhane could practically visualize york 's brain lining up the evidence . 
 he looked up at rhane and nodded grimly . 
 war followed the look between them . 
 `` am i missing something ? '' 
 the young kin had n't been alive during the great war . 
 and being cut off from their civilization since early childhood had afforded him little opportunity to learn from oral history . 
 rhane had done what he could to teach war to survive in a world not designed for beings of their sort . 
 consumed by the desperate search for kalista , rhane admitted that somewhere along the way he had maybe fallen short . 
 not that war would ever divulge this . 
 since youth , the boy had seen rhane as some sort of savior , practically worshipping the ground he walked on . 
 someday rhane hoped he could explain the truth . 
 he finished lacing his boots and stood . 
 `` remember your lessons , war . 
 who is gabriel ? '' 
 `` he was a traitor . '' 
 war said confidently . 
 `` he masterminded a coup that fostered the great war between tribes . 
 many lives were lost before his final defeat by our primes . '' 
 `` how was he punished ? '' 
 `` the primes captured him and then entombed the beast in greater khingan . '' 
 `` you 're getting ahead of yourself . 
 think . 
 how did a leader of our kin become that ugly thing you saw in the desert ? '' 
 `` he was cursed , stripped of his human form . '' 
 `` primes do not have that power . '' 
 rhane moved closer , green eyes darkening . 
 war looked at york uncertainly . 
 no help there . 
 `` i -- i do n't know . '' 
 `` forget what they taught you . 
 what do you know ? '' 
 war pushed the formal lessons aside , searching his mind for the whispers he 'd heard as a youngling . 
 `` despite pursuit by the best of the hunters , gabriel repeatedly evaded capture . 
 then he disappeared . '' 
 `` go on . '' 
 `` a hunting party discovered him in some type of strange hibernation . 
 he was chained for two cycles but never awakened . 
 the primes ordered his entombment deep in the mountains . '' 
 rhane was inches away now , waiting intently for war to put the picture together . 
 `` the primes did n't punish gabriel , so who did ? 
 who has that power ? '' 
 war hesitated . 
 the man before him was smart , a great leader , and the most skilled fighter he 'd ever seen . 
 but what rhane implied was n't possible . 
 `` they are the reason you remember nothing from the day of the massacre . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry i ca n't remember . 
 you know how many times we 've tried . '' 
 war swallowed . 
 `` but the ones you speak of are only a legend . '' 
 he regretted the words as soon as they left his lips , dropping his head to avoid the cold disappointment dripping from rhane 's gaze . 
 rhane turned away and addressed his orders solely to york . 
 `` stay here with kalista . 
 if i 'm not back within two hours , take the jet and get her out of here . 
 do n't risk waiting around . '' 
 he left the room abruptly . 
 when the door closed , york went over to war and placed a comforting hand on the boy 's shoulder . 
 then he erupted with laughter . 
 `` you totally blew that one . '' 
 war shrugged him off and silently walked out onto the balcony . 
 seeing the shame in war 's heavy step , york followed the boy outside and leaned next to him against the rail . 
 `` living this way has n't been easy for any of us . 
 we 've done our best to protect you but also lend freedom . 
 rhane tried very hard to strike a balance between raising you and the others to know the old ways and teaching you to reason for yourselves . '' 
 york waited for war to acknowledge that statement . 
 the boy did , meeting his eyes . 
 `` there 'll be plenty of chances to show him how well he 's succeeded . '' 
 # it did n't take long for rhane to contact her . 
 she agreed to meet him in half an hour at the center of the city . 
 he checked his watch . 
 the subway was the only way to get there in time . 
 he suppressed an inward groan . 
 underground again . 
 it was rush hour : too many people , too many smells , and too many sounds . 
 he 'd developed a terrible headache right around the time the ceiling collapsed in the tunnels . 
 the pedestal was programmed for organic download , activated by his touch like the fake statue in the basement of mack ventures . 
 likewise exuding monkshood in the same manner , the scent caused considerable pain to those who were sensitive to it . 
 the sensory overload from the crowd did n't make things better . 
 each time the steel doors opened , fresh air rushed in and afforded him a little relief . 
 moving air and a visible exit relaxed him further . 
 he was n't trapped with the walls closing in , a disintegrating floor , and the caving ceiling ... stop . 
 he forced his thoughts to redirect . 
 this time york had seen the vision , except for the grand finale involving the fire-breathing monstrosity . 
 rhane really did n't want to think about the possible implications of such symbolism . 
 he glanced up at the subway map . 
 only one more stop . 
 he was n't usually so jumpy , but what happened in the tunnels was literally his worst nightmare come true . 
 the fall left him disoriented under a hundred feet of water with no idea if there was a way out . 
 he could n't see to find kalista . 
 rocks hammered down from everywhere with lethal force . 
 his lungs had burned , every instinct begging him to flee . 
 but he could n't have left without her . 
 yes , she would have been fine as long as she was conscious . 
 he knew that . 
 but losing sight of her after the cave-in , rhane had no way of knowing if kalista was conscious . 
 it was solely willpower that enabled him to remain submerged , find her , and reach the surface . 
 the doors opened , returning rhane to present business . 
 zijin cheng , the forbidden city . 
 it was the subway 's last stop . 
 home to many emperors throughout the ages , the city had been built to dazzle the senses and harmonize the earth with the heavens . 
 instead , it had become the object of conflict and war . 
 the city was a prominent piece of chinese history , and conversion into a public museum helped it finally achieve its original purpose . 
 rhane wanted desperately to shove through the crowd and breathe outside air again , but waited politely as everyone else bustled through the doors . 
 then he calmly stepped off the train . 
 at the red and gold meridian gate , he purchased a ticket . 
 he 'd seen the palace many times before , but the elaborate architecture of overhanging roofs and upturned eaves still impressed him . 
 he absently counted stone gargoyles interposed along the path to the imperial gardens . 
 he was nearing four hundred when he spotted the woman on the bridge . 
 of mixed descent , she was surprisingly tall . 
 dark auburn hair framed her round , pale face . 
 honey-colored , almond shaped eyes stood out boldly against otherwise delicate features . 
 as usual , her lips were painted red . 
 always up to date with modern trends , she wore a rather painful looking pair of sky-high heels in the same shade as her lipstick . 
 the scent of cherry blossoms wafted from her skin . 
 `` cixi , always a pleasure , '' he said without inflection . 
 without looking up from the water , the woman smiled thinly . 
 `` and you 're ever the charming liar . '' 
 he leaned against the bridge beside her , but faced the opposite direction . 
 `` is that why you chose such a public place for this meeting ? '' 
 `` one has to be careful to whom they lend trust . '' 
 `` you 've trusted me in the past . '' 
 she lifted her eyes , leveling a honey gaze on him . 
 `` i trust you , whytetree . 
 i just do n't trust the devil inside of you . '' 
 `` i only need information . '' 
 `` let me guess . 
 now that you 've found your pet , the powers that be wo n't let you keep her . '' 
 rhane narrowed his eyes . 
 `` what do you know about it ? '' 
 `` knowledge is n't free . '' 
 she slid a green and black fingernail along the railing . 
 `` what shall i get for helping you ? '' 
 both time and his patience were running short , so rhane was n't in the mood for cixi 's usual coyness . 
 `` somehow i keep finding excuses to let you live . '' 
 grabbing her wrist , he squeezed with enough force to make her notice . 
 `` but do n't you ever forget my purpose with regards to your species . 
 i have n't . '' 
 she tried to wrench her hand away and was successful only on the second attempt . 
 flecks of anger dotted her eyes . 
 `` fair enough . 
 your contact , tsai , brokered a deal with the americans to smuggle the siren 's heart out of this country . 
 and then he arranged another to bring it back . '' 
 `` the statue he sold to the americans was only a replica . '' 
 `` so the true heart remains with you ? '' 
 rhane shook his head . 
 for the briefest of moments , her expression widened excitedly . 
 then the emotion was quickly smothered . 
 `` the true statue must have never left this continent , '' she finished indifferently . 
 rhane pretended not to notice cixi 's blunder . 
 `` it would seem not . '' 
 `` there are whispers that the fallen has been freed from his entombment ... and the curse is lifted . 
 he is free to mark a human symbiote . '' 
 it was all rhane needed to hear . 
 he started to walk away but stopped , looking back at the woman carved of long and graceful lines . 
 `` be careful , cixi . 
 stay out of sight . '' 
 `` why did you come here , rhane ? 
 i suspect i 've told you nothing you did n't already know . '' 
 `` maybe i wanted to see an old friend . '' 
 rhane smiled and turned away , wondering why cixi 's eyes had become so sad . 
 chapter 46 the hellespont providence traveled through frigid pacific waters , churning a trail of foam in its wake . 
 the steel leviathan was headed for a ship yard in the united states , carrying 152 crewmen and several hundred tons of commercial cargo . 
 dozens of freight containers were below deck , stacked and ready to be unloaded . 
 hidden inside one of those containers was gabriel , waiting patiently for the moment when his feet would touch the earth again . 
 for hundreds of years , he had been imprisoned , fully conscious but trapped inside his own body -- blind , deaf , and paralyzed . 
 a living tomb . 
 in a bid for power , gabriel had greatly miscalculated . 
 his rebellion led to civil war , months of fighting , and casualties on a scale beyond what was acceptable . 
 the bloodshed captured the attention of a race whose existence was once only a myth . 
 balance , they whispered . 
 balance must be restored . 
 those voices of detached arrogance floated in gabriel 's head even as all feeling left his body . 
 blight will return . 
 hatred seethed in gabriel 's mind as he remembered how numbness crawled into his body . 
 staring in his feet and legs , creeping upward until there was nothing . 
 unmatched , it will bring death to us all . 
 for centuries , he knew only darkness and thoughts of revenge . 
 the desire consumed him . 
 to defeat ones so mighty , he needed power that rivaled even his . 
 he needed the siren . 
 gabriel 's skin rippled and convulsed , pulse racing as his two hearts beat faster . 
 his hot breath steamed in the chilly darkness of the shipping container . 
 he could still smell her scent on the desert wind . 
 # a black shadow breezed past as bailen whisked through the front door just before kali closed it . 
 she 'd had only one condition when rhane practically demanded that she take the dog home : bailen had to have a bath . 
 the request caught rhane off guard . 
 but he had agreed , if somewhat reluctantly . 
 the couple of hours that followed explained his lack of enthusiasm . 
 as soon as bailen heard the word bath , the dog took evasive action . 
 rhane chased bailen all over the manor before catching him . 
 hauling the dog to one of the downstairs bathrooms , he locked himself and it inside . 
 what sounded like world war iii came next . 
 there was growling from both parties , some yelping , and several crashes . 
 rhane and bailen finally emerged , soaking wet . 
 suds dripped from rhane 's hair as he glared at bailen with open hostility . 
 bailen wagged his tail , looking smug . 
 that superior air vanished when rhane forced the dog to ride in the bed of the pickup all the way from hunter 's valley to the metts ' residence . 
 but actually having bailen at her house was a smooth transition . 
 lisa was away trying a case , and greg would n't be home for another day or two . 
 the hard part would come when he arrived , and kali had to explain the presence of the new family pet . 
 it would be especially difficult since greg was allergic . 
 honestly , kali was grateful for the dog 's company . 
 for the past two days , rhane had been tense and distracted whenever he came around , which was n't happening often . 
 he kept saying he was trying to figure things out . 
 but it was a lame excuse . 
 a guy only said that when he was deciding whether or not to break up with his girlfriend , and since rhane and kali were n't actually dating , she did n't know what his real problem was . 
 kali repeatedly tried to talk about the desert . 
 but rhane completely shut down whenever she approached the subject . 
 if she wanted answers , she would have to find them elsewhere . 
 she watched bailen dart from the kitchen to the living room wagging his tail playfully , but kali was n't fooled . 
 the dog was carrying out his bodyguard assignment , checking the house for danger . 
 when she headed for her room , there came a clatter and scrape of several chairs being knocked aside as bailen dashed to reach the stairs ahead of her . 
 he bounded up to the second level , stopping on the landing to throw back his head and sniff the air . 
 the dog took off to the left . 
 a moment later , he streaked past to right . 
 then bailen reappeared and seemed ready to stand still . 
 sticking his massive head between the railings , he looked down at kali impatiently . 
 `` satisfied ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he responded with a huff of approval . 
 kali looked at him and could n't help wondering if he was really a dog . 
 if she had n't already seen warren and bailen together in the same room , she would have had a hard time believing the two were n't one in the same . 
 now that she had bailen 's permission , kali climbed the stairs . 
 the third step groaned in its usual manner . 
 at the top , she scratched him behind his ears . 
 he really liked that and nudged her hand appreciatively with a cold nose . 
 `` rozzy , i 'm home ! '' 
 she called . 
 when no one answered , kali looked at bailen . 
 `` was anybody home , boy ? '' 
 bailen wagged his tail . 
 at the same time , a loud hiss came from behind him . 
 his honey-colored eyes danced with mischief as one ear flicked in the direction of the noise . 
 kali peered past the dog 's gigantic form and spotted moses . 
 back arched and fur sticking out in a frazzled fluff , the cat 's eyes were narrowed into dangerous slits . 
 her miniature but sharp teeth glittered through a partially opened mouth . 
 flicking her tail stiffly , moses hissed again . 
 `` moses ? 
 what 's wrong , girl ? '' 
 rozzy 's worried head peeked around the corner . 
 then her face relaxed . 
 `` oh . 
 it 's only my sister and the return of godzilla . 
 how was school ? '' 
 kali shrugged . 
 `` it was high school . 
 you remember how that was . 
 and his name is bailen . '' 
 rozzy scooped the cat up and held it protectively against her bosom . 
 `` yeah , well whoever named him dropped the ball . '' 
 under rozzy 's calming strokes , the cat was soothed , though , it still glared at kali . 
 `` i ca n't wait to watch mom and dad freak when they see him . '' 
 `` i can . '' 
 `` so , when am i going to meet this new guy of yours ? 
 unless your taste has drastically changed , i 'm gon na climb out on a limb and guess he 's a hottie . '' 
 `` since greg has forbidden him to come near this house again , probably never . '' 
 `` oh , that 's too bad . '' 
 her eyes slid toward the direction of kali 's room . 
 `` so ... is it really the end of cal and kali , then ? '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` why would you bring cal up ? '' 
 `` do n't be mad . '' 
 rozzy backed away . 
 kali 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , but he was so sad standing there . 
 i said you were n't home , but then he just sat on the porch looking very pitiful and hot . '' 
 `` rozzy ! '' 
 `` i 'm sorry ! 
 go and talk to him . '' 
 kali could n't believe what she was hearing . 
 `` he 's still here ? '' 
 rozzy blinked innocently . 
 `` i said that , did n't i ? '' 
 she darted into her room and closed the door . 
 `` he 's in your room , '' she called . 
 `` i do not believe this . '' 
 kali pushed her room door open . 
 the last person on earth she wanted to see was sitting on her bed . 
 cal looked up as she entered . 
 his expression held an apology , but she did n't give him time to utter it . 
 `` i thought avoiding you in school was a clear sign that i did n't want to speak to you . '' 
 she turned her glare to bailen . 
 `` you 're fired . '' 
 the dog stretched his muzzle in a toothy yawn , ending with a little whine . 
 then he sank to his haunches . 
 `` kali , i want to talk . '' 
 `` then go call your shrink , '' she spat . 
 `` you kept the number , right ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry for avoiding you at school . '' 
 `` do n't beat yourself up about that bit . 
 the avoidance was mutual . '' 
 `` give me a break . 
 i 'm trying to apologize . '' 
 `` apology accepted . 
 now feel free to go . '' 
 to her dismay , he shook his head . 
 `` i do n't want things to be over between us . '' 
 `` maybe you should have thought about that while you were leaving bruises on my face . '' 
 cal looked genuinely horrified . 
 `` i never should have done that . '' 
 he squeezed his eyes shut , opened them and stared at his hands . 
 `` i know what it feels like ... i 'm sorry , kal . '' 
 she folded her arms , trying not to let her resolve soften . 
 she had known all along that cal was damaged . 
 the idea of fixing him had been a part of the twisted attraction . 
 but she was so over it . 
 kali needed to figure out what it would take to get him out of her house . 
 she looked down at bailen , wondering if he came with some kind of attack command . 
 the dog studied her , beating his tail hesitantly against the floor . 
 she sighed . 
 `` cal , it 's okay . 
 but you have to get this through your thick skull -- we are over . 
 and i have a ton of homework to catch up on , so would you please leave ? '' 
 `` do n't push me away . '' 
 `` i do n't have to . 
 you did enough pushing for the both of us . '' 
 he blew out a frustrated breath and stood up . 
 `` are you seeing someone else ? '' 
 `` that 's none of your business . '' 
 the nice guy act began to buckle . 
 cal strode toward her , blue eyes flashing above a clenched jaw . 
 kali backed away . 
 when her ex reached out , bailen exploded into action , jumping between them in a giant blur of snarling fury . 
 cal stumbled backward , raising his arms defensively as the dog shoved two enormous paws against his chest . 
 dropping to all fours , bailen stood in front of kali . 
 a warning growl rumbled deep in his throat . 
 realizing the mauling was n't going any further , cal lowered his arms . 
 `` geez ! 
 do you have a permit for that thing ? '' 
 keeping both eyes on her ex , kali addressed the dog . 
 `` i want you to give this guy thirty seconds to remove himself from my house . 
 if he 's not gone by then , '' she paused to lend the threat more weight , `` i want you to eat that pretty face of his off . '' 
 bailen bared his teeth and licked his chops like a true sport . 
 cal held up his hands . 
 `` take it easy . 
 i 'm leaving . '' 
 he started to step forward but then hesitated . 
 `` is cujo going to let me pass or should i jump out the window now ? '' 
 `` i do n't mind if you use the door . '' 
 she glanced at bailen . 
 `` but i ca n't make any promises for him . '' 
 `` okay . 
 right . '' 
 he slid past the dog , careful not to make any sudden moves . 
 kali did n't relax until she heard the front door slam . 
 `` thank you , '' she whispered , reaching down to pet bailen 's soft ears . 
 she tossed her messenger bag on the bed and sank into the soft mattress . 
 the spot radiated with cal 's warmth . 
 groaning , kali threw herself onto her back and promised to start homework as soon as her thoughts settled . 
 but she would n't get the chance . 
 rozzy poked her head in only a few seconds later . 
 `` ready for your next surprise ? '' 
 chapter 47 kali sighed , rolling onto her side to face rozzy . 
 `` i do n't think i can handle any more of your surprises right now . '' 
 `` come downstairs , '' rozzy said and ducked from the room . 
 kali shrugged . 
 homework could wait . 
 she found rozzy in the kitchen putting plates on the table . 
 the delicious aroma of chocolate , caramel , and nuts prevented her from immediately noticing there were four place settings instead of two . 
 `` i got around to baking that disaster cake i promised you . '' 
 her mouth watering , kali staggered to the table like a drunken zombie . 
 bailen followed eagerly , no doubt hoping to taste the human food that smelled so wonderful . 
 it seemed to take rozzy forever to serve the cake . 
 she slid a plate across the table to kali , kept one for self , and put the third on the floor in front of bailen . 
 `` are you crazy ? '' 
 kali protested around the spoonful shoved into her mouth . 
 `` chocolate is like poison to dogs ! '' 
 rozzy laughed and patted bailen 's head . 
 `` i think you 'd need a silver bullet to kill this guy . '' 
 it was a good thing moses was n't around to witness that little act of betrayal . 
 bailen watched kali with two huge drops of dark honey . 
 he looked at the cake and back at her again . 
 `` fine , suit yourself . '' 
 she could have sworn the dog smiled before digging in . 
 kali stared at the last plate of dessert on the counter . 
 `` who is that for ? '' 
 `` well , you know how mom and dad are always riding me to figure out what i want to do with my life ? 
 i think i 've got it figured out . '' 
 kali was n't sure if she liked where the conversation was going . 
 `` that 's great , roz ! '' 
 she plastered a smile onto her face . 
 `` but what does this have to do with a plate ? '' 
 `` i want to become a social worker . '' 
 her eyes danced with excitement . 
 `` max , you can come on in now . '' 
 kali stretched her eyes in alarm . 
 `` oh no . 
 what did you do ? '' 
 `` everyone else around here gets to take in a stray . 
 so i got one too . '' 
 `` moses is your stray . '' 
 `` look . 
 his parents are always away on business like ours . 
 but this time they left and forgot to find him a babysitter . 
 we 're going to watch him until they get back . '' 
 right on cue , a blond kid in khaki shorts and flip flops rounded the corner into the kitchen . 
 he was barely a teenager , fourteen or fifteen at most . 
 looking kali up and down , he nodded his head as if approving of what he saw . 
 `` dang , shorty . 
 what 's your name ? '' 
 `` anita shower . '' 
 the kid smiled . 
 `` that 's cute . '' 
 he looked at rozzy . 
 `` you did n't tell me your sister was fine . '' 
 he spotted the cake . 
 `` is that for me ? '' 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 `` greg and lisa are going to kill you . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 rozzy smiled and helped herself to more disaster cake . 
 `` i might get grounded . 
 you , they 're going to kill . '' 
 `` maybe they 'll kill us both . '' 
 rozzy jerked her head at max . 
 `` hey kid , take your dessert downstairs and watch some tv . 
 my sis and i need to have some grown up time . '' 
 `` are you kidding ? 
 i want to stay and watch . '' 
 rozzy kicked his chair . 
 `` go downstairs , you little pervert . 
 do n't come back up until i tell you to . '' 
 max got up from the table looking incredulous . 
 `` dang , what 're you getting so upset for ? 
 that 's what my parents always say when they want to do it . '' 
 `` max ! 
 that is way too much information . 
 and it 's gross . 
 kali is my sister . '' 
 he looked back and forth from kali to rozzy . 
 `` but not for real . '' 
 a stern expression crossed rozzy 's face . 
 it was identical to one lisa had worn many times while raising them . 
 `` i 'm going to count to five . 
 on three , i 'm going to smack you . 
 and if i reach five , i 'm going to throw your scrawny butt down the stairs . '' 
 `` whatever . 
 i 'm fading to black . '' 
 max took his cake and left . 
 kali raised her glass of milk in mock toast . 
 `` that 's some parenting , rozzy . '' 
 they shared a laugh . 
 then rozzy got serious . 
 `` do you want to talk about what happened over there ? '' 
 kali 's smile faltered . 
 `` do n't you have a date with tim or something ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 i 'm all yours tonight . '' 
 `` yay me . '' 
 she sighed , trying to remember the lie rhane had coached her to tell , but other images kept jumping in the way . 
 monsters hunting in the night . 
 thick ropes around her wrists and ankles as she lay shivering in the mud . 
 a pair of statues with sand clinging to their soulless faces . 
 whistles and screams that silenced everything else . 
 thick fur brushed against her hand . 
 kali laced her fingers through the softness of it as the dog pressed against her leg . 
 her thoughts cleared . 
 concern creased rozzy 's lovely features . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 tell me what just happened . '' 
 kali blurted out the story . 
 `` there was an accident . 
 the bus driver lost control driving along the cliffs . 
 i passed out . 
 i came to and was alone in the desert , miles away from the crash . 
 but i did n't remember being in one . 
 luckily , a couple of camel herders found me . 
 there has n't been word on mr. richards or shannon . '' 
 rozzy startled kali by grabbing her hand . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're okay . 
 and i 'm sorry mom and dad ca n't be here for you right now . '' 
 kali felt guilty for lying . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 they sat quietly for a few awkward moments until the doorbell rang . 
 `` i 'll get it . '' 
 rozzy hopped up and went into the living room . 
 bailen trotted quietly in the opposite direction . 
 kali looked at the cake and debated having more . 
 before she could decide , rozzy returned with wes trailing behind . 
 `` apparently , there 's some kind of special on houseguests today . 
 look who else stopped in . '' 
 wes wordlessly took kali into his arms . 
 for a while , he simply held her . 
 `` i 'm sorry i have n't been by sooner . '' 
 `` it 's fine . '' 
 `` she keeps saying that . '' 
 rozzy frowned . 
 `` have a seat . 
 eat cake to celebrate your promotion . '' 
 wes ran a hand through his shock of blond hair . 
 `` that 's actually the thing i need to talk to kali about . '' 
 she felt her stomach fold in knots . 
 the feeling must have reached her face too because wes held up his hand . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 this is n't bad news . '' 
 she blew out a breath . 
 `` then tell me . 
 i hate suspense . '' 
 `` they found shannon . '' 
 `` how is recovering our co-worker 's dead body good news ? '' 
 `` well , that 's just it . 
 they found her alive . '' 
 rozzy clapped . 
 kali gasped . 
 `` but i saw her die . '' 
 they both stared at her with expressions of confusion . 
 wes spoke first . 
 `` i thought you were found miles away from the crash . 
 and you said you did n't remember anything ? '' 
 crapola . 
 `` well ... uh ... i do remember the accident . 
 we were all tossed around like ragdolls . 
 shannon hit her head pretty hard and did n't move after that . 
 when the bus stopped rolling , i passed out ... i think . 
 after that , i do n't remember . 
 i guess that 's when the camel guys found me . '' 
 kali could tell rozzy had bought the story . 
 if wes was skeptical , he did a bang up job of hiding it . 
 he nodded . 
 `` we managed to get shannon stateside after she had emergency surgery . 
 she 's in the hospital now . '' 
 kali chewed her lip . 
 `` has she said anything ? '' 
 `` the anesthesia has worn off , but she is n't talking . 
 she 's catatonic . 
 outside stimuli has no effect . 
 but this morning she started babbling about monsters in the desert and an old man with dead eyes stabbing her and killing mr. richards . 
 now she 's sedated and in restraints . '' 
 `` wow , '' rozzy muttered . 
 `` she does n't handle trauma well . '' 
 wes folded his arms . 
 `` what do you think , kali ? 
 her story is wholly different from yours . '' 
 `` i -- i do n't know what to say . 
 do you think she 's crazy ? '' 
 `` she said she was stabbed . 
 but there was no wound . 
 doctors only treated a hemorrhage from the head trauma she got in the bus accident . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 kali squirmed under wes 's gaze . 
 `` what about mr. richards ? 
 did they find him alive too ? '' 
 `` no . 
 and without a body , he ca n't be declared dead . '' 
 kali surprised herself by laughing . 
 `` so , we both have jobs then . '' 
 `` until mr. richards shows up , dead or alive , i 'm in charge . 
 so , yeah . 
 he 'd want business to go on as usual . 
 making a buck has always been the bottom line at mack ventures , inc. '' `` ha . 
 it 's the only line . '' 
 wes smiled . 
 `` i 've got to get over to the office now . 
 please come back when you 're ready . '' 
 he kissed her forehead . 
 `` and if mack does n't bring his sorry butt back from the grave to recommend you for the internship next summer , i will . '' 
 it was rozzy 's turn to laugh . 
 `` be careful who else you say that too . 
 you just gave my sister motive . '' 
 shooting rozzy a reproving look , kali squeezed wes 's hand and walked him to the door . 
 `` thanks . 
 it means a lot . '' 
 `` take care of yourself , kali . '' 
 the second wes was gone , bailen peered from behind the sofa . 
 kali called to him , and the dog came obediently , his large head bowed low as he approached . 
 `` why 'd you bail on me ? '' 
 bailen growled softly . 
 ending the noise with a whine , he averted his eyes . 
 light from the window caught them at just the right angle , and they appeared to glow . 
 the intelligence in his gaze left her breathless . 
 `` who 's in there ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 rozzy 's voice trampled the moment . 
 `` keep it up . 
 the white coats are going to strap you down on a gurney next to shannon . '' 
 feeling slightly weirded out , kali tried to make light of the episode . 
 `` do n't act like you do n't talk to that stupid cat of yours . '' 
 `` she 's not stupid . 
 and i do n't sit there like i 'm waiting for her to answer me . 
 you guys looked like you were having a moment . '' 
 she put her hands on her hips . 
 `` where 'd you say you found him ? '' 
 `` i did n't . 
 the new guy , as you call him , asked me to look after his dog for a while . '' 
 rozzy rolled her eyes . 
 `` i might go out later , '' she said , walking away . 
 `` i thought you were staying in . '' 
 `` i changed my mind . '' 
 rozzy stopped at the foot of the staircase and leaned against the banister . 
 `` having all these men come around to see you has sent me into withdrawals . 
 i 'm calling dr. holden . '' 
 kali laughed . 
 `` he 's so not a doctor yet . '' 
 `` that 's right . '' 
 rozzy grinned slyly . 
 `` you got ta lock ` em down before they finish med school . 
 that 's how girls end up married to rich doctors . '' 
 `` if that 's what you 're after , maybe tim is n't the best investment . '' 
 kali shook her head . 
 `` are n't you supposed to be watching max ? '' 
 `` you can keep an eye on him . '' 
 `` i was actually planning to take bailen for a run . '' 
 rozzy waved her hand in the air dismissively and climbed up the stairs . 
 `` your plans take an hour . 
 mine are going to last all night . 
 i 'll babysit until you get back . 
 and then max is all yours . 
 i 'll even pay you . '' 
 `` how much ? '' 
 `` ten bucks . '' 
 during their childhood , kali had fallen for such a ridiculous offer many times over . 
 once , rozzy was given ten dollars to mow the lawn while lisa went to the supermarket . 
 lisa left , and rozzy convinced ten-year-old kali to do all the work for a whopping one dollar and fifty cent payoff . 
 kali 's math skills had come a long way since then . 
 she snorted . 
 `` that 's like eighty cents an hour . '' 
 `` whatever . 
 help me out here . 
 please ? '' 
 `` give me twenty , and i 'll think about it . '' 
 `` twenty bucks ? '' 
 `` yep . 
 i 'm saving for college . 
 you remember college , do n't you ? 
 it 's that place you 're supposed to be and tim will never leave . '' 
 `` you 're not half as pretty when you 're jealous . '' 
 rozzy smiled nastily from the second floor landing . 
 `` hurry up and go so you can get back . '' 
 chapter 48 wesley returned to the offices of mack ventures directly after leaving the metts ' residence . 
 little time remained with much to be prepared . 
 at least , it was what he liked to tell himself . 
 in truth , he had done all he could and much more than he should have . 
 other builders would call him weak for experiencing these human sentiments of longing and regret . 
 we 've taken so much . 
 but it was for the greater good . 
 so that everyone else might be saved . 
 the shredder grabbed a steady stream of documents , devouring them hungrily . 
 every piece of evidence involving the deal for the siren 's heart had to be destroyed . 
 after the hard copies were done , he would move on to the computers , wiping all information from the software . 
 others knew the real artifact was still out there and soon would come looking for it . 
 the siren 's heart could not fall into the wrong hands . 
 if it did , then all of this would have been for nothing . 
 the phone buzzed . 
 wes snatched it up before the first ring had ended . 
 the voice on the other end was flat , devoid of feeling . 
 builders did not show emotion . 
 `` you were not to interfere . '' 
 over the years , responding with genuine emptiness had become an increasingly difficult task . 
 there was once a time when it had come as naturally to him as it had to the others . 
 but , caring for kalista filled those hollow parts of him . 
 `` using the siren 's heart to lure and sell her to reapers was an act of interference . 
 leading them to the cavern restored balance . '' 
 wes concentrated on keeping his voice without inflection . 
 `` it was a test . 
 if he is not strong enough , our plan against the faction will never succeed . '' 
 `` the ability of banewolf was tested in the woods and at the theater . '' 
 his knuckles turned white as his hand gripped the telephone harder . 
 wes found it difficult to block anger from his voice . 
 `` she has been endangered enough . 
 gabriel should not have been released . '' 
 `` who will follow our rules if we do not ? 
 everything must be as it was . '' 
 `` tsai , he could taint her . 
 we must n't do something that can not be undone . '' 
 `` we can not control blight . 
 must i remind you that if it returns , this precious world will die ? 
 we started this course . 
 we must finish it . '' 
 wes held his tongue . 
 only silence could mask his indignation . 
 he spoke when he felt sufficient control . 
 `` who has the statue ? '' 
 `` it is safe . '' 
 `` you were using it as bait , trying to force a confrontation . '' 
 `` one of them has to be dominant . 
 one of them must claim her . '' 
 `` she belongs to banewolf . '' 
 `` he must prove that he deserves her . '' 
 again , wes was silent . 
 `` have you found the child ? '' 
 tsai asked . 
 `` it continues to elude capture . '' 
 `` it is imperative that you find it . '' 
 `` there may not be time . '' 
 wes stopped , listened . 
 `` i have to go . 
 someone is here . '' 
 `` join us soon . '' 
 returning the phone to its cradle , he turned to face the man who had entered the office unannounced . 
 `` i wondered when you would find enough pieces to see me in the puzzle . '' 
 `` four people from this office knew the location of the deal for the siren 's heart . 
 one is dead . 
 the other has experienced a sudden onset of madness . 
 the third is a seventeen-year-old kid who barely escaped from gabriel and his reaper horde . '' 
 rhane closed the door behind him . 
 `` and you are the fourth . '' 
 `` have you guessed what i am ? '' 
 `` you are an arrogant being whose god-complex seeded an unending war . '' 
 wes smiled sadly . 
 `` there is more truth in your statement than even i care to admit . '' 
 `` why was gabriel awakened ? '' 
 `` for the same reason kalista was created , for the same reason your race has fought so bravely for centuries -- because we are slaves who wish to be free . '' 
 `` slaves ? '' 
 rhane neither sounded nor looked as if he believed him . 
 `` who could enslave the master race ? '' 
 wes hesitated . 
 now was n't the time to tell the warrior everything . 
 too much truth could jeopardize the objective . 
 `` a long time ago , gabriel discovered truths that were not his to know . 
 for it he was severely punished . 
 but now that sentence has been fulfilled . '' 
 rhane 's eyes narrowed with suspicion . 
 `` what truths ? '' 
 wes shook his head . 
 `` at this time , they are not yours to know . '' 
 he tried to gauge the reaction of the other man before continuing . 
 `` but i can tell you this . 
 until the massacre , warekin had warred to subdue increasing numbers of rogue and kindred kind for centuries . 
 the siren freed your race from a cycle of servitude . '' 
 rhane 's eyes snapped dangerously . 
 `` she did not kill my people . '' 
 even after four hundred years of suffering without the one whom he suffered for , the warlord spoke with unshakable conviction . 
 wes did n't have to but wanted to give rhane that much . 
 `` no . 
 kali did n't . '' 
 `` why did you take her ? '' 
 `` your loss served a greater cause . 
 the siren could not have died at the hands of the warekin . 
 she was our only hope . 
 a battle is coming -- one that will put this world in peril . '' 
 `` but why -- why is she a teenager ? '' 
 `` such a powerful creature was never meant to be confined to a human body . 
 but we managed to fuse two life forms , making them compatible symbiotes for a limited time . '' 
 `` how limited ? '' 
 `` the siren and a human child mature simultaneously . 
 when the siren 's need to feed on life-energy reemerges , the host must act to satisfy its hunger . 
 but feeding the siren increases its impulses and strength , thereby eroding the stability of the human vessel . 
 as the host vessel deteriorates , blackouts , memory loss , and uncontrolled manifestations of power become increasingly evident if the siren is not moved into another body . '' 
 rhane swallowed . 
 `` those things are already happening . '' 
 `` yes , but these symptoms are not as they could be . 
 feeding from an immortal , such as yourself , should stabilize the changes . 
 there may be no further need to move the siren . '' 
 rhane 's expression was steely . 
 `` the biological mother of this host knew her daughter had changed . 
 kalista has suffered greatly because of it . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 wes averted his gaze from the rising anger in rhane 's eyes . 
 `` for that i am truly sorry . '' 
 `` did you kill her parents ? '' 
 he offered the warrior a thin smile . 
 `` do you truly wish to know ? '' 
 for a moment rhane was silent . 
 `` if what you say is true , now that kalista is with me , she will be fine . 
 i want no further part in your schemes . '' 
 `` you do n't understand . 
 gabriel is free now . 
 and he is driven by vengeance . 
 he will fight for the siren , hoping to harness her strength to destroy us . 
 he will fail at that . 
 but then he will lead our cause . 
 and kalista will be his . '' 
 rhane moved without notice . 
 in the next instant , his body was mere inches from wes 's . 
 anger wafted around him in a dark aura , filling the room . 
 the black eyes that burned into the builder 's were less than human . 
 four sets of canines gradually lengthened as he spoke . 
 `` i have changed . '' 
 his voice was calm . 
 it rippled with control . 
 `` i smell your fear , builder . 
 you can be killed . 
 come for her again and i will end you . '' 
 wes struggled against the urge to flinch away . 
 `` become our champion . 
 if not for everyone else , then fight for kalista . '' 
 he thought he saw flashes of white hair at rhane 's temples not present moments before . 
 sensing that emotion would help alleviate tensions , wes allowed his newfound humanity to surface . 
 `` i have been there from the beginning ... in her life before this one , i cared for kalista like a daughter . 
 she became special to me . '' 
 the violence in rhane 's eyes receded . 
 `` we are not on opposite sides . 
 i wish things could be different . 
 but i am one against many . '' 
 rhane stepped back . 
 his face was a cipher . 
 but wes hazarded it safe to breathe again . 
 `` it would be best if you did not tell her what i am . '' 
 `` she deserves to know . '' 
 `` there are things about both of us that she deserves to know . '' 
 rhane raised an eyebrow as darkness revisited his countenance . 
 `` so if i do n't tell , you wo n't tell ? '' 
 `` i was merely suggesting that we share a mutual confidence . '' 
 rhane made no move to rip his head off . 
 wes took it as progressive sign . 
 their time together was running out . 
 and there was another pressing issue . 
 `` you do not have the siren 's heart . '' 
 rhane shook his head slowly . 
 `` it was a fake . 
 presumably lost in the desert . '' 
 `` you must find the real statue . '' 
 wes could n't emphasize enough how important that was . 
 `` it is not just an item of sentiment between you and the siren . 
 the true siren 's heart is a key . 
 and you must recover it . '' 
 `` ca n't you give her memories back ? 
 let her return to me . '' 
 `` kill gabriel , become our champion , and we will return your kalista to just as she was . '' 
 wes closed his eyes and reopened them quickly . 
 `` i can do this for you . '' 
 he pressed a smooth red stone into rhane 's hand . 
 `` this is a fragment . 
 an imprint of kalista 's memory from that day ... the day she was taken . 
 let the girl touch it , and she will remember . '' 
 `` that could destroy her . '' 
 `` it could . 
 but it may also empower her . '' 
 wesley glanced out the window into the fading light . 
 `` trust me . 
 you should go to her now . 
 go . '' 
 with one final dark look , rhane turned and left the office . 
 wes sagged against the desk , stiffly releasing his fingers from the wood . 
 fear . 
 love . 
 trust . 
 he had experienced them all in such quick succession . 
 human emotion was truly exhilarating . 
 chapter 49 the sun sank to the horizon , dragging with it the last of daylight . 
 now it was dark . 
 kali was alone . 
 and she could n't find rhane 's dog . 
 one hour earlier , she had considered making the drive to the state park and run in more challenging terrain . 
 the view was beautiful up there . 
 this time of year , streambeds often overflowed onto hiking paths , offering a refreshing cool-down for any runner that splashed through . 
 but the state park would have been empty so close to sunset . 
 and after nearly becoming monster chow the last time she was alone , isolation of any kind was not desirable . 
 so , kali chose the responsible , and theoretically safer , route . 
 she took bailen and went to the community park only ten minutes away . 
 when the car door opened , the dog jumped out to explore before kali 's sneakers touched the black top . 
 after being cooped up in the house , bailen was all energy . 
 thousands of new scents captured his attention all at once , and he seemed determined to pursue them all . 
 he was almost an indiscernible blur darting about , head low , tail high , and nose to the wind . 
 kali could n't help smiling at his antics . 
 she laced her cross trainers tighter and pulled her hair back into a loose pony tail . 
 hitting play on the mp3 player , she was ready to go . 
 the mid-tempo songs helped her settle into an easy run . 
 it had been over a week since her last . 
 underwater and on the trails was where everything made sense . 
 she emptied her mind and savored the feeling . 
 by the sixth song , it was dark , and kali could n't remember the last time she had seen bailen . 
 she hoped he had n't wandered too far . 
 combing through the woods to search for a lost dog was the last thing she wanted to do . 
 she called to bailen and circled back toward the parking lot , at a slow jog . 
 one of many signs marking the trail confirmed she had run much further than usual in a thirty minute time span . 
 kali began to feel anxious . 
 somehow she had reached the most distant end of an eight mile track that looped back on its self . 
 even at an all-out run , it was n't possible to reach the car before dark . 
 left of the path , a whisper came from the woods . 
 kali 's steps faltered . 
 knowing it was n't bailen , she called to the dog anyway and picked up speed . 
 she heard the noise again . 
 it was like a low whistle , the sound of wind blowing over cut reeds . 
 the blood in her veins chilled . 
 kali ran . 
 it was those things from the desert . 
 somehow they followed me . 
 the whistles became more urgent , closer together and closer to her . 
 the night erupted as fierce hisses and moans tore through the air . 
 a huge mass of shadows crashed through the low brush and trees . 
 then an incongruous popping sounded in rapid succession , loud enough to surpass the fracas . 
 it was enough to set her limbs afire . 
 with speed and agility that had never before infused her body on land , she raced away , willing her legs and feet to fly . 
 as the car came into sight , the edges of her brain flashed a warning . 
 something about the scene was off . 
 kali ignored it . 
 she had to escape . 
 her tennis shoes smacked across the parking lot with the speed of a professional track star . 
 reaching the car , her heart sank like a stone in fresh water . 
 all four tires were shredded . 
 mauled by wild animals . 
 mangled rubber was everywhere . 
 ignoring the screams of protest from her burning muscles , she continued on foot . 
 outside of the park , the whistles and whispers were gone . 
 but kali kept running . 
 in her mind , she was in the desert again . 
 an engine roared from behind , breaking into the haze of panic . 
 kali thought of the pervert at the theater . 
 her pace doubled . 
 she left the sidewalk , cut through bushes and shrubbery , and crossed to the other side of the street . 
 legs , chest , and throat on fire , her eyes searched desperately for another human on the deserted street . 
 but every house she passed was a silent , dark disappointment . 
 she gasped as the inevitable fall came . 
 she stumbled , landing hard on her hands and knees . 
 a dark pickup roared past and braked hard . 
 the vehicle slung into a one-eighty turn as kali struggled to her feet . 
 bright lights bore down on her , a small , frightened doe not quite ready to meet its maker . 
 about six inches from where she stood , the truck slid to a stop angled parallel to her body . 
 the passenger door swung open . 
 `` get in , '' the driver said tersely . 
 she recognized the voice but for some reason could not make herself move again . 
 she felt light headed . 
 vomit pressed at the back of her throat . 
 the ground swayed . 
 the driver swore . 
 huge arms encircled her waist , lifting her inside effortlessly . 
 the truck slammed into motion again , racing down the street with no regard for pedestrians or the posted speed limit . 
 york stared at her , his enormous mass filling the space inside the cab . 
 somehow he managed to be that muscled and not look like a freak . 
 as usual , his face was friendly . 
 tonight , it was also edged with worry . 
 `` i said , are you alright ? '' 
 kali had never been so glad to see another person in her life . 
 she opened her mouth to thank him , but his cell rang . 
 between the phone call and the speedometer edging toward triple digits , she decided not to divide his attention further . 
 york spoke quietly . 
 once or twice he glanced in her direction . 
 `` yeah , i got her . 
 she 's fine . '' 
 he paused , listening . 
 then his voice was harder . 
 `` i can be there in ten . '' 
 the caller on the other end spoke louder and faster . 
 from the way york set his jaw , he did n't seem to entirely agree with what he heard . 
 `` i 'll take care of it . '' 
 he hung up and turned to kali with a wide grin . 
 `` looks like it 's you and me , kiddo . 
 hungry ? '' 
 chapter 50 rhane arrived just as the reapers executed the well-planned attack , a group of three herding kalista to a bigger pack waiting in the forest . 
 catching their scent , bailen ran off in pursuit , leaving rhane to eliminate the remaining creatures . 
 two dead reapers lay at his feet . 
 the third was much larger and still alive , dragging useless rear legs behind as it headed toward the tree line . 
 rhane tried to calm his anger with little success . 
 he could n't help thinking of how differently things could have turned out if the builder had n't warned him kalista was in danger . 
 reapers smelled bad and were worse to look at . 
 instead of fur , knotted and leathered skin covered their bodies . 
 walking up to the injured creature , rhane wrapped his hand around the hunting knife buried hilt deep into its spine and yanked . 
 coming out , the serrated edges did more damage than they had going in . 
 bellowing in pain , the reaper whirled , snapping at rhane with large , protruding jaws . 
 eyes dimming in defeat , it collapsed , no longer able to hold its weight . 
 the fight was done . 
 rhane aimed the semi-automatic and methodically pulled the trigger . 
 three bullets later , the reaper was dead . 
 too bad its smell did n't die with it . 
 after dragging the three corpses into the cover of nearby trees , he put his back to the wind and whistled . 
 the low and mournful sound drifted through the forest , traveling for miles , unheard by human ears . 
 when the last echo faded , rhane waited . 
 there was no rallying answer . 
 he whistled again and frowned at the silence . 
 rhane plunged into the dense woods , watching , listening , and smelling for any sign of bailen . 
 two miles from where he started , the scent of blood and smoldering flesh brought him to an abrupt halt . 
 swearing softly , he forged ahead . 
 the battle had been brutal . 
 the aftermath hit rhane like a punch in the gut . 
 he had miscalculated . 
 way more reapers than he 'd projected were involved in the attack . 
 and bailen ... bailen was drawn right into an ambush . 
 it looked as if gabriel 's minions had gotten the worst of it . 
 everything in the clearing was dead . 
 but two sets of tracks fled higher into the hills . 
 rhane wanted to follow them . 
 maybe the trail would have led him straight to gabriel . 
 but seeing bailen lying so motionless in the dirt stopped him cold . 
 the young warekin was a torn and bloody mess . 
 shadows of a large outcropping mostly hid his smallish form . 
 rhane went toward him with a heavy heart and wooden legs , grasping the ledge for support . 
 his fingers came away covered in black dust . 
 rhane knelt beside the canine . 
 bailen did n't move . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' he said , and the words nearly choked him . 
 he reached to bailen 's fur , matted with drying blood . 
 rhane sat back hard , dropping his head . 
 the weight was too heavy to bear . 
 he exhaled until no air was left in his lungs . 
 then he was still for a long time , sharing silence with the dead . 
 sometime later , he felt something touch his knee , seeping warmth through the denim of his jeans . 
 rhane lifted his head . 
 bailen ... it was his nose pressed against him . 
 the canine glared at him with mock anger . 
 laughing in relief , he pulled bailen close . 
 the canine whimpered . 
 rhane muttered a curse and loosened his hold . 
 he scooped bailen up as gently as possible , looking around as they left the clearing . 
 `` you 're going to have to tell me about this later . '' 
 then he started down the trail , grateful his burden was alive . 
 chapter 51 returning to normal took a while . 
 the average person did n't encounter in an entire lifetime the sorts of things kali had dealt with in ten days . 
 her brain had managed the series of bizarre experiences in the only way it knew how -- putting them off to be handled later . 
 she would examine recent events when the time was right . 
 and then she would probably scream until her throat bled . 
 york turned the pickup into a parking lot kali recognized immediately . 
 the faded sign of the fat italian hung as crookedly as always . 
 incredulous , she stared at york . 
 `` pizza ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` what ? 
 it 's your favorite spot , right ? '' 
 `` yeah , but ... '' `` you 'll feel better if you eat something . '' 
 `` i 'll feel better when someone tells me what the hell is going on . '' 
 york jerked his head toward the diner . 
 `` get inside and let me feed you . 
 then we can talk . '' 
 kali obediently climbed out of the truck but hesitated at the threshold . 
 when he gently nudged her forward , she relented . 
 the waitress slid an appraising look in their direction as they entered and led them to a table near the middle of the restaurant . 
 when york shook his head and asked for something more private , the young woman seemed doubtful . 
 so close to closing , the back area was typically unavailable for seating . 
 but york flashed a smile that transformed the terrifying giant into a huggable teddy bear , and the waitress became putty in his hands . 
 smiling goofily , she ushered them away from the crowd like it was the best idea she 'd heard all day . 
 they ordered . 
 york forgave kali for choosing the garden pizza but drew the line at extra olives . 
 after the waitress left to put in their order , he leaned away from the table , dropping one thickly muscled arm behind the booth . 
 `` this is how this is going to work . 
 i ca n't tell you anything directly . 
 that 's not modus operandi . 
 but if you 've already kinda figured something out on your own and just need confirmation , i can be of assistance . '' 
 `` why would you do that for me ? '' 
 he folded his arms and answered in a slightly patronizing tone , `` because you clearly do n't have a clue about what we 're dealing with . 
 and that 's dangerous . '' 
 `` tell me who rhane is . '' 
 york rolled his eyes . 
 `` do i have to repeat the rules ? '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 kali held up her hands . 
 `` this is my first time playing . 
 give me a sec . '' 
 she thought of another way to get what she wanted . 
 `` from the first night i met him , rhane never felt like a stranger to me . 
 it 's almost like i 've known him before . 
 is that possible ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i 'd met him before last friday ? '' 
 york nodded . 
 `` most definitely , '' he said . 
 `` why do n't i remember him ? 
 he knows so much about me . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . '' 
 `` can you explain why he 's been in my dreams lately ... like every night ? '' 
 `` first , i need more info . '' 
 eyes full of nothing except mischief , the look that came across york 's face plainly revealed where his mind had gone . 
 `` what are you wearing in these dreams ? 
 and does it stay on ? '' 
 `` oh my god ! '' 
 kali laughed in spite of her mood . 
 `` they are n't those kinds of dreams . 
 but we are in crazy costumes . 
 rhane is wearing armor and riding a huge , black horse . 
 and a monster is chasing me . 
 it makes noises similar to the things that were after me tonight . '' 
 york drummed his fingers against the table . 
 `` so , what 's the question ? '' 
 `` what do the dreams mean ? '' 
 `` i ca n't answer that . '' 
 `` come on , '' she urged him . 
 `` it was a fair question . 
 i 'm following your rules . '' 
 `` i honestly ca n't say , kali . 
 i was n't there . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 york blinked slowly . 
 `` next question . '' 
 `` the things that came after me in the park had to be like the ones from the desert . 
 they clearly were n't human . '' 
 `` clearly . '' 
 `` but they were n't wolves or like anything i 've ever seen on animal planet ... or national geographic for that matter . '' 
 she paused , choosing the right way to phrase her question . 
 `` since i 'm already pretty sure they 're something supernatural , ca n't you tell me what they are ? '' 
 `` once upon a time they were honorable men . 
 but now they are twisted , horrible freaks that mindlessly do the bidding of their leader , gabriel . 
 we call them reapers because they lack human forms and their goal is to harvest willing souls in order to change back to men . '' 
 `` why have n't they ? '' 
 `` remember when rhane gave you that tidbit about the monster in your dreams ? '' 
 kali nodded . 
 `` well because reapers helped stage his little coup , they too were punished . 
 and so they became what they are now , forced to live as animals . '' 
 `` do they want to kill me ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` no . 
 just us . '' 
 she jumped up from the table . 
 `` i left bailen out there . 
 i could n't find him ! '' 
 york held out his arm , barring her from leaving the booth . 
 `` please . 
 sit down , and keep it down . '' 
 he looked around the room . 
 kali was embarrassed for the outburst , but did n't sit . 
 `` i have to find bailen . '' 
 `` the little guy will be fine . 
 he would n't be with us if he could n't take care of himself . '' 
 he sounded so sure . 
 kali wanted to believe him . 
 flopping back into the booth , she tried not to worry . 
 york narrowed his eyes . 
 `` what were you going to do if i had n't stopped you ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` go find him ? 
 what if he 's hurt ? '' 
 `` well , that wo n't be necessary . 
 rhane is looking for him . '' 
 kali 's worry returned , exploding full force . 
 `` if you 're with me , who 's helping rhane ? 
 is warren with him ? '' 
 she was ready to spring from her seat again . 
 `` york , tell me he 's not alone out there . '' 
 `` okay . 
 wow . 
 that did n't help . '' 
 he pinched his brow . 
 `` kali , you need to relax . 
 back in the desert , rhane single-handedly eliminated at least a dozen of those things . 
 that 's a testimony to his remarkable sense of self-preservation . 
 he 's fine . 
 i promise . '' 
 in her gut , she felt the truth of what he said and settled down . 
 york also relaxed , exhaling to make that relief obvious . 
 `` i thought i was going to have to stop you . '' 
 he looked up as the waitress returned with their drinks . 
 `` perfect timing , '' he said , turning on the charm again . 
 the cold soda only touched the edges of kali 's thirst . 
 she sipped the beverage thoughtfully . 
 a lot of questions had been answered , but there were many more . 
 shannon had said mack sold kali to save everyone else . 
 what did that mean ? 
 maybe shannon would tell her ... i could visit the hospital . 
 `` bad idea . '' 
 york 's voice interrupted her thoughts . 
 the straw dropped from her lips . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i ca n't read your mind or anything . 
 i saw your eyes light up with what had to be a bad idea . '' 
 `` not knowing is really starting to get to me . '' 
 `` he 's doing it because he cares about you . 
 he wants you to feel safe , kali . 
 there is more . 
 lots more . 
 but you knowing certain things right now wo n't help you or any of us . 
 things need to go on normally for as long as possible . 
 if you lose control again , it would be bad , very bad . '' 
 `` i 've lost control before ? '' 
 `` i think you already know the answer to that . '' 
 the way he said it was n't really accusing . 
 and understanding had modulated his words . 
 she nodded slowly . 
 `` right now , we need you to stop doing stupid things like going for a run in the woods ... at night ... and alone . '' 
 he ticked off each offense on three large fingers as he said them . 
 `` we 're not going to let any of those animals touch you but , for the love of beads , you sure ai n't making the job easy . '' 
 he was right . 
 kali slumped in her seat . 
 going to the park had been pretty dumb . 
 rhane or york or bailen could have gotten hurt . 
 and it would have been totally my fault . 
 `` mind if i give you a piece of advice ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 nothing he said could have possibly made her feel any more rotten . 
 `` do n't ever take a laxative and a sleeping pill on the same night . '' 
 while she did n't laugh , the absurd counsel distracted her from feeling so horrible . 
 `` that 's disgusting . '' 
 york slid his soda across the table , pushing aside the empty glass in front of her . 
 `` the pizza should be here soon . '' 
 he drummed his fingers next to the empty dinner plate waiting to receive his food . 
 `` anything else ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 kali perked up . 
 `` is warren a werewolf ? '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` but i 'm pretty sure i saw him turn into a wolf . '' 
 york 's face turned dead serious . 
 `` okay , you caught us . 
 war is the wolfman . 
 rhane is dracula . 
 and i 'm really the easter bunny . '' 
 `` that 's not funny . '' 
 she felt her temper start to flare , but his goofy grin disarmed it . 
 she blew out a frustrated sigh . 
 `` i know what i saw . 
 and it was warren changing from a wolf to a boy before i passed out . '' 
 `` trust me . '' 
 york 's restrained laughter made kali wonder what joke she was missing . 
 `` he 's not a werewolf . 
 and i certainly ai n't the easter bunny . '' 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` you did n't say rhane was n't dracula . '' 
 york leaned forward . 
 `` you know , '' he said in a conspiring whisper , `` he 'd probably look good in a cape . '' 
 chapter 52 piled high with the finest assortment of fresh garden vegetables , the pizza was a mouth-watering sight . 
 kali 's stomach rumbled loud enough to be heard two booths over . 
 grabbing the biggest slice , she took a savage bite . 
 she had n't realized she was so hungry . 
 york watched her without as much as batting an eye . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i was wondering if i might need to order my own . '' 
 he looked at the pan pointedly . 
 following his gaze , she gasped . 
 half of the pizza was gone . 
 `` holy cow . '' 
 `` cow , yes . 
 but i would n't call you holy . '' 
 though ready to smack him , kali was beginning to understand york 's humor . 
 she thought back to the desert and the tunnels . 
 `` you do that for him too , '' she blurted . 
 his easy smile faded , replaced by a look she could n't read . 
 `` in the many years i 've known rhane , we 've been in some tight spots , came out without a scratch when we should have died . 
 i 've seen him shoulder a lot of heavy stuff solo . 
 and never once has he cracked under the pressure . 
 it scares the crap outta me that one day he might . '' 
 kali surprised herself by grabbing his hand . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he seemed genuinely confused . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 `` for being such a good friend to him . '' 
 `` i remember you too , you know . '' 
 york 's smile returned as he squeezed her hand . 
 `` you are different . 
 but you are the same , kalista . '' 
 before she could pelt him with questions to find out what exactly that meant , his phone buzzed from somewhere beneath the table . 
 he fished through his pockets and found it . 
 the tiny cell disappeared in his giant palm like a magic trick . 
 `` york , '' he answered . 
 he sat back suddenly , recoiling his hand from kali 's as if a serpent had bitten it . 
 facing the window , he waved sheepishly at someone outside . 
 the mysterious caller did all of the talking . 
 york listened , head down and eyes narrowed in concentration . 
 kali shoved leftover toppings around her plate , feigning interest in everything except his conversation . 
 she did n't miss it when he glanced up with a combination of surprise and anger . 
 the expression was gone just as quickly . 
 `` alright , got it . '' 
 he shut the phone and reached for the remaining half of the pizza . 
 rolling it like a sandwich wrap , he took a huge bite and stood from the table . 
 `` stay put , kiddo . 
 i 'm going to get the check . '' 
 # bailen was nested as comfortably as possible in the backseat , on top of a rather expensive sport coat . 
 it was a generous sacrifice in the canine 's behalf . 
 no amount of dry cleaning could salvage the material from the layers of blood , fur , and mud that now covered it . 
 in a few days , bailen would be fine . 
 as for the big picture , well ... things had gotten a lot worse . 
 if reapers had found a way to this continent , gabriel could n't be far behind . 
 he may even already be here . 
 rhane did n't understand why builders had released gabriel after centuries of entombment . 
 and then the creature immediately targeted kalista and the siren 's heart . 
 there had to be more to it than revenge . 
 and champion for what ? 
 the builder had held back so much . 
 rhane parked the truck and massaged his temples in a circular motion . 
 the headache had gotten worse since leaving wesley 's office . 
 he rested his throbbing head on the steering wheel . 
 my skull is going to explode . 
 might feel better after . 
 he lifted his eyes , squinting into the glare of the fat italian 's neon sign , and spotted york . 
 he was grinning like an idiot , holding kali 's hand . 
 rhane plucked out his cell and jabbed the first speed dial . 
 after rings one and two , he was impatient . 
 by the fourth , his jaw clenched . 
 york finally answered . 
 `` the pizza here must be magical to have a man risk losing an arm . '' 
 on a better day , the big guy 's stunned reaction would have made him laugh . 
 but tonight was not a better day , and rhane was feeling too much pressure . 
 `` bailen will be fine , but he 's banged up . 
 i need you to take care of something . 
 leave the table . 
 call back when you 're out of earshot . '' 
 he watched as york got up with the rest of the pizza and called a few moments later . 
 straightaway , he asked , `` what happened ? '' 
 `` there were seven of them . 
 they set a trap , a good one . 
 they were herding kalista , and bailen ran into the ambush . 
 i need bodies to disappear , york . 
 three dead reapers are barely hidden close by the walking trail . 
 the rest are further up . 
 just follow the smell . '' 
 `` did you harness your skin ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i ca n't . '' 
 `` you should have let me help . '' 
 rhane pressed the phone tightly against one ear , and pushed his head from the opposite direction with the other hand . 
 he vaguely wondered if , once his skull ruptured , the grey matter would match the leather interior of the truck . 
 `` i needed you to take care of kalista , to get her to safety . '' 
 `` ok . '' 
 york took a second to finish off the pizza . 
 `` do you want to take her now ? 
 i 'll go and handle business in the park . '' 
 he glanced at the mirror . 
 `` i do n't think she should see bailen like this . '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 she feels bad about what happened tonight . 
 seeing bailen will probably make it worse . 
 but rhane ... she needs to know what 's going on . '' 
 he sighed , wondering what york had already told her . 
 `` get kalista to hunter 's valley . 
 i 'll be waiting . '' 
 thirty seconds did n't pass before the phone rang again . 
 rhane was already speeding towards the manor . 
 `` yeah , '' he answered . 
 it was rion . 
 `` people think they erase stuff from computers . 
 but it 's never really gone . '' 
 the boy 's excitement buzzed through the receiver . 
 `` you might not like what you find there , but i 've got an address . '' 
 `` tell me everything . '' 
 # york barreled through the dark countryside , reaching hunter 's valley in record time . 
 only after turning into the long gravel driveway of holsenbeck hall did he reduce the speed to within rational limits . 
 parking almost on the front step , he threw open the driver 's door and was out of the truck before kali could move . 
 she did n't have time to protest as he plucked her from the cab . 
 setting her gently on the ground , he nudged her toward the front door and followed . 
 there was no need to knock . 
 rhane seemed to simply appear . 
 as always , he was rocking a black polo and denim jeans in his casual style of sex appeal . 
 kali took a moment to appreciate every part of him that filled the doorway . 
 then his arms encircled her and drew her body close . 
 she breathed in his scent : woodsy pine mixed with a recent shower . 
 he sighed softly . 
 then it was as if her feet floated across the threshold as he nearly lifted her into the house . 
 somewhere in the back of her mind , kali noted the revving engine of york 's departure . 
 rhane cupped her face with his palms . 
 his green eyes were full of emotion . 
 `` i ca n't let you out of my sight for two seconds . '' 
 reaching up on tiptoe , kali kissed him on the cheek and let her lips linger . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 his eyes said everything he did n't , mesmerizing her as they glowed from within . 
 remembering to breathe became an impossible task . 
 inhale , wait ... exhale , she instructed herself mentally . 
 the amount of heat between them was insane . 
 the air rippled with tension . 
 she wanted him so badly . 
 forget this stupid age difference and kiss me for crying out loud . 
 sadly , rhane was not a mind reader . 
 he squeezed her hand . 
 `` do n't apologize . '' 
 disappointed . 
 kali tried not to roll her eyes or close them in longing when he pulled away . 
 `` how was the pizza ? '' 
 `` right ... pizza , '' she repeated woodenly . 
 `` it was fabulous . '' 
 `` i hope york was on his best behavior tonight . 
 he can be a little off color sometimes . '' 
 kali shrugged . 
 `` he 's really nice . 
 i like him . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 rhane tugged her towards the stairs . 
 `` there 's a bottle of aspirin upstairs with my name on it . 
 you 're staying here tonight , but i advise you to keep your hands to yourself . '' 
 he flashed a teasing grin , showing off the singular dimple that appeared only when he really smiled . 
 she could n't help smiling back . 
 `` okay . '' 
 rhane took her to the third level , easily navigating in total darkness . 
 his guidance did n't keep kali from stepping on his heels . 
 but he did n't complain . 
 when they reached the master bedroom , he stopped without notice , and she plowed right into his back . 
 `` have you always been this clumsy ? '' 
 `` maybe you can see in the dark , but we mortals ca n't , '' she grumbled . 
 `` ever heard of those things called flashlights ? 
 they 're pretty common . '' 
 `` as you wish . '' 
 he released her hand . 
 a few seconds later , soft light brightened the room . 
 `` this is new . '' 
 she surveyed the ceiling 's receded fixtures . 
 `` i thought you might like it . '' 
 rhane stripped away his shirt , revealing rippled abs and tanned flesh in all their glory . 
 it was torture . 
 eyeing him like a lion would a hunk of dead zebra , kali let her thoughts devour him , doing shameful things to his body in her mind . 
 he sat at the edge of the bed , watching her as he pulled off his shoes and socks . 
 `` if i could read your mind , i 'd probably be blushing right now . '' 
 `` you might as well have taken a diabetic into the candy store , '' she said with growing contempt . 
 `` even your feet turn me on . 
 how is that possible ? 
 when are you going to get over this age thing ? '' 
 he rolled his gaze upward as if pretending to think about it . 
 `` probably around the time you become legal . '' 
 `` fine , '' she said . 
 two can play this game . 
 `` do you have a shirt i can borrow ? 
 i 've been sweating in this getup and i do n't want to sleep in it . '' 
 when rhane turned away to find one , kali quickly stripped . 
 she tossed her running shorts at him as soon as he faced her again . 
 the spandex cotton blend smacked him square in his perfectly muscled chest . 
 `` thanks , '' she said and took the shirt from his hand . 
 a black sports bra and matching low rider bikini bottoms was n't her most seductive getup , but it did the trick . 
 rhane seemed to be at a loss . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` no problem . '' 
 she let the shirt he handed her slip to the floor . 
 reaching up , she undid the clasp of her bra and tugged the undergarment free . 
 she bent deliberately to retrieve the shirt , stretching fully as she pulled it overhead . 
 rhane 's eyes darkened . 
 no longer green , but black in appearance . 
 they burned into her skin , warming everywhere they touched . 
 he shook his head . 
 his eyes cleared , returning to their striking original color . 
 `` point taken . 
 now come to bed . '' 
 feeling only somewhat avenged , kali sauntered over and slid beneath the soft sheets . 
 she was careful to leave a space between them , but rhane rolled to his side and pulled her closer . 
 `` i wo n't mind if you 're the death of me , '' he whispered , brushing his lips against her ear . 
 she shivered . 
 and after rhane 's breathing had fallen into the rhythm of deep slumber , she too slept . 
 chapter 53 late in the night , kali awoke and realized rhane was gone . 
 his warmth still lingered on the sheets . 
 part of her wanted to stay in bed and sleep . 
 the other half was dominated by a curiosity that dragged her in the opposite direction . 
 sleep won out until she remembered rhane had n't been feeling well earlier . 
 she had to make sure he was okay . 
 her feet touched the floor and kicked something hard , sending it clattering across the hardwoods . 
 kali fumbled until she found the dial for the lights . 
 the object was an empty pill bottle . 
 the label indicated painkillers , prescribed to wilfred harvey . 
 tossing it aside , she went down the dark hall . 
 passing door after door , she wondered if she should have already reached the stairwell . 
 next to a small closet , she heard rhane . 
 his voice called softly from within . 
 her worry became confusion . 
 kali pressed her ear to the door and listened . 
 `` kalista . '' 
 her fingers trembled as she reached for the knob . 
 the closet creaked open . 
 only a couple of brooms and a few cleaning supplies occupied the tiny space . 
 kali started to shut the closet but stopped when she heard rhane 's voice again . 
 feeling like she had awoken into some sort of spy movie , kali groped around the seal of the door and was surprised when she heard the faint click of a hidden lever . 
 the back wall of the closet slid open to reveal a very dark , very narrow passageway . 
 she stepped inside without hesitating , inexplicably pleading for the darkness to remain . 
 torches lined the walls but did not light as she edged deeper into the tunnel . 
 kali soon realized she did n't need the light anymore . 
 borders of shapes and objects stood out clearly , contrasting starkly in a dozen or so hues of grey and black . 
 she spied a stairwell that extended down to another level and descended it quietly . 
 she heard rhane again . 
 and his voice joined by several others . 
 york and warren , she recognized easily . 
 the other two she had never heard before . 
 they seemed to be in the middle of some kind of meeting . 
 `` what 's the status of that college kid ? '' 
 rhane asked . 
 a gentle voice replied , `` we have not found him . '' 
 rhane did n't sound happy . 
 `` it 's been a week . '' 
 `` tracking him was weird , '' warren explained . 
 `` whatever happened did n't leave much of a trail to follow . '' 
 `` i called war away from the search to catch the flight to china . 
 orrin could n't cover as much ground without him , '' york added . 
 `` right . '' 
 rhane sounded less annoyed . 
 `` gabriel is going to make another play for kalista soon . 
 next time , he 'll lead the charge . '' 
 `` what are your orders ? '' 
 `` stop the search . 
 i need every one of you here tomorrow . 
 i ca n't be here ... at least not initially . 
 rion may have found river . 
 i need to go see whose side he 's on . '' 
 `` let one of us come with you , '' york said . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm going alone . '' 
 his tone left no room for further objection . 
 `` rion , look after bailen for me . '' 
 `` sure thing . '' 
 `` everyone else , eyes on kalista . 
 i 'll return by nightfall . '' 
 after all voiced their agreement , rhane dismissed them but asked york to hang back . 
 kali crouched lower into the shadows , afraid someone might exit through the stairwell that was currently her hiding place . 
 but no one did . 
 she exhaled softly . 
 rhane was talking again . 
 `` i spoke to one of them . '' 
 `` who was it ? '' 
 york asked . 
 `` someone close to her ... '' rhane 's voice trailed off . 
 a lengthy pause followed . 
 kali had n't made any noise to betray her position but took rhane 's silence as her cue for a speedy exit . 
 up the stairs and back through the passageway she ran , listening for any sound of being followed . 
 she stopped at the doorway , heard nothing , and eased the closet door shut . 
 she was tucked safely back in rhane 's bed , but her mind raced with questions . 
 too many secrets were piling up . 
 it was n't long until rhane returned . 
 kali really did n't know him . 
 and it 'd been foolish to think otherwise . 
 she pretended to be asleep . 
 stupid . 
 stupid girl . 
 why did i trust him ? 
 he 's a stranger . 
 kali felt his eyes on her face . 
 `` i have to go someplace in the morning . 
 but i 'll be back as soon as i can . 
 promise me you 'll stay close to the manor . '' 
 she thought of gabriel and the reapers , remembered the way mack and shannon had been so willing to barter her life for a stupid artifact , and questioned if wesley played a role in any of it . 
 she recalled tsai 's warning and wondered why both he and the vision in the mirror had called her darkesong . 
 most of all , she remembered it was only a week ago that she had met rhane in a darkened theater . 
 everything had started then . 
 kali was certain the answers started with him too . 
 and if he would n't tell her , she would have to find them on her own . 
 `` i need answers , rhane . '' 
 `` please trust me a little longer . '' 
 he kissed her hair . 
 `` i will tell you everything soon . '' 
 she sighed but said nothing else . 
 after what seemed like forever , he settled back into his side of the bed . 
 # it was barely daylight , but rhane had already gone . 
 a change of her clothes were folded at the foot of the bed . 
 kali was n't sure how or when he managed to break into her house to retrieve them , but she was grateful . 
 there was even a toothbrush . 
 she showered and dressed as fast as possible . 
 the mission of the day was answers . 
 kali was going to find them no matter what . 
 she was at the front door before it dawned on her that she was forty miles from town without transportation . 
 then she saw a set of keys hanging by the front door and the navy blue pickup parked outside . 
 kali grabbed the keys and dashed down the drive . 
 a huge figure appeared out of nowhere . 
 hitting him midstride , it felt like she had crashed into a wall . 
 the impact threw her with such force ; she would have landed squarely on her butt if not for the swift hands that grabbed her . 
 once steadied , she turned to confront the roadblock and gasped . 
 it was war . 
 only it was n't . 
 this guy was taller and more muscled . 
 his hair was n't red . 
 it was black . 
 but the same brown eyes , the same face stared back at her . 
 `` who the heck are you ? '' 
 he dipped his head as if bowing to a proper lady . 
 `` i am orrin . '' 
 `` okay . 
 orrin , get out of my way . '' 
 `` it was not my intent to make you fall . 
 i apologize . '' 
 the soft voice belied his rugged appearance and added to the sincerity of the apology . 
 kali glared at him skeptically . 
 she had heard his orders last night . 
 `` i 'm leaving . 
 i dare you to try and stop me . '' 
 `` i assure you that i will not . '' 
 `` alrighty then . '' 
 she moved to go around him , but orrin immediately began to follow . 
 kali spun around . 
 `` i do n't need a babysitter . '' 
 `` you do . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she bit the words out . 
 `` i do n't . '' 
 `` you do . '' 
 he smiled . 
 it was n't an all out idiotic grin like york 's . 
 orrin 's smile was gentle like his voice . 
 and it was surrounded with an air of easy confidence that reminded her of rhane . 
 kali folded her arms . 
 she knew she was giving the wrong guy a hard time , but rhane was n't around to take her frustrations out on . 
 `` fine . 
 i do n't want a babysitter . 
 tell the guy who you 're for some reason taking orders from that i told you to leave me alone . '' 
 `` it is not that simple . '' 
 kali exhaled . 
 `` you sound just like him , you know that ? '' 
 orrin stood quietly . 
 she shrugged . 
 `` suit yourself . 
 but i 'm driving . '' 
 chapter 54 despite his clenched jaw and white-knuckled grip on the doorframe , orrin was the epitome of rigid calm . 
 kali was certain he regretted pulling the short straw of nanny duty as she barreled down the highway like a madwoman . 
 rounding corners at near rollover velocity , the tires squealed but stuck stubbornly to the asphalt . 
 the traction was superb . 
 she fumbled with the radio and swerved with the effort . 
 finding the sappiest station of love songs , she sang along at the top her lungs . 
 orrin dared to look away from the road , staring at kali in tense disbelief . 
 she took it as an invitation to start a conversation . 
 `` so , you and war are brothers . 
 warren and orrin , that 's kind of cute . '' 
 `` we are twins , '' he said tightly . 
 `` cool . '' 
 kali spared a glance for the highway . 
 `` who 's the oldest ? '' 
 `` i am . '' 
 `` why do you call him war ? 
 it 's a bit strange , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` it suits him . '' 
 she thought of warren 's gentle brown eyes peering from beneath the baseball cap and shook her head . 
 `` you should call him red . '' 
 orrin grunted , turning back to watch the road . 
 `` you come off a bit formal , orrin . 
 do you ever say more than a few words ? '' 
 `` car . '' 
 `` see . 
 that is exactly what i 'm talking about . '' 
 he tensed even more and pointed out the windshield . 
 `` kali , look out . '' 
 heeding his warning in time to see the beat-up brown station wagon pull in front of them , kali stood on the brakes . 
 black tread marks burned into the pavement as the pickup battled forward against the momentum . 
 the anti-lock system kicked in , sending a trail of light grey smoke up on all sides . 
 they stopped mere inches from crushing the metal frame of the old car , with the pickup 's grill at window level of the other vehicle . 
 the elderly driver leisurely completed the illegal turn . 
 kali assumed the woman had been oblivious to the near collision , until the old bird extended her middle finger in passing . 
 kali briefly considered making a u-turn . 
 it would have been easy enough to catch up to the station wagon and give its bumper a sorry-i-didn ' t-kill-you nudge . 
 but orrin looked as if he was on the verge of having a serious conniption , and she was reluctant to push him over the edge . 
 she did n't slow down , but abandoned the small talk , giving more attention to the road . 
 eventually , orrin relaxed a little . 
 she pulled into her driveway . 
 orrin was out of the truck before she had the gear in park . 
 in the next moment , he was at the driver 's door . 
 kali blinked . 
 she did n't understand how he 'd gotten there so fast . 
 he opened the door and waited . 
 she slid out . 
 `` we should not remain here , '' he said . 
 she resisted the urge to roll her eyes . 
 `` i did n't come home last night , and left my cell at the park . 
 my sister probably called it a dozen times . 
 i need to let her know i 'm okay . '' 
 `` talk to your sister . 
 then we must go . '' 
 `` i just noticed something , '' kali said , pouring false honey into a sarcastic tone . 
 `` you are way too young to be my father . '' 
 `` it is not safe for you to be here . 
 we must stand together if we are to have a chance against him . '' 
 `` gabriel ? '' 
 she searched his face . 
 `` i heard you guys last night . 
 why does he want me ? '' 
 orrin met her eyes momentarily . 
 `` i can not say . '' 
 he looked away . 
 `` right . '' 
 she was getting annoyed again . 
 orrin was following orders . 
 orders given by a guy she barely knew . 
 a guy who had a lot of secrets . 
 and who insisted on keeping her in the dark despite the fact it was her life in danger . 
 `` if you wo n't tell me anything , i will have to find out for myself . '' 
 she spun on her heel and marched away from him but did n't make it three steps before he caught her elbow , bringing her to a gentle but abrupt halt . 
 `` wait . 
 allow me to go first . '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 she waved him forward impatiently . 
 `` like i really have a choice . '' 
 orrin eased past her but instead of going for the front door , he circled around the house . 
 he reappeared later , face carefully lacking any expression . 
 again , he reminded her of rhane . 
 at the front , the door was already unlocked , but that was no surprise . 
 rozzy forgot all the time . 
 orrin stepped inside and signaled for her to follow . 
 his eyes swept the living room in every direction . 
 kali thought she even saw him sniff the air a couple of times . 
 `` wait here , '' he said and left . 
 she closed the door and leaned against it . 
 orrin came back dragging behind him someone with a very big mouth . 
 `` yo , player , what 's the deal ? 
 this is private property ! 
 hey man , get your hands off me ! '' 
 though she had only met him once , kali would 've recognized that lingo anywhere . 
 `` max ? '' 
 the kid looked at her and grinned . 
 `` hey , shorty ! '' 
 today , max was dressed in all black . 
 his nails were painted slate grey to match the studded leather collar around his neck . 
 `` are you here alone ? 
 where 's rozzy ? '' 
 `` she bounced last night when you did n't come home from your run . 
 man , your sister is fine when she 's angry . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` she did n't come back either . 
 but i 'm used to taking care of me . 
 my parents forget sitters all the time . '' 
 kali genuinely felt sorry for the kid . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i should have called . '' 
 `` it 's whatever . '' 
 he jerked his head at orrin who still held onto the boy 's collar . 
 max 's toes barely touched the floor . 
 `` when did you start to roll like this ? '' 
 she looked from max to orrin . 
 they were an odd sight . 
 orrin was flannel ruggedness but regal in manner , while dangling at his side and dwarfed by his size was the ultimate gothic and urban mesh up . 
 `` you can put him down . 
 max is okay . '' 
 orrin released the boy on the spot , and max stumbled to the floor . 
 he craned his neck , adjusting the studded accessory . 
 `` next time , it 's you and me , player . '' 
 the absurdity of the challenge made her laugh . 
 `` take it easy , tough guy . 
 i think this one bites . '' 
 max turned his full attention on kali . 
 `` dang . 
 you should always wear your hair like that . 
 curls do it for me . '' 
 the grossed-out feeling she usually ended up getting when around max for more than five minutes started to rear its ugly head . 
 `` max , you have got to stop being such a creeper . '' 
 she touched her hair absently . 
 `` orrin is a friend . 
 be nice . 
 okay ? '' 
 max looked orrin from head to toe before nodding reluctantly . 
 `` alright . 
 he 's cool . '' 
 `` do you know where rozzy went ? '' 
 `` nah . '' 
 `` have you talked to her today ? '' 
 `` nah . 
 i called to get her to bring home some toaster tarts . 
 but she did n't answer . '' 
 she took a quick look at orrin . 
 `` i ca n't leave you here by yourself , so you 're coming with me , kid . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 both max and orrin said in unison . 
 seeing no need to argue with max , kali addressed orrin . 
 `` you said it yourself , it 's not safe here . 
 we ca n't leave him . '' 
 orrin did n't disagree , so she turned back to max . 
 `` grab your bag and go get in the truck parked outside . '' 
 `` aw baby , come on , '' max whined . 
 `` do it , max . '' 
 `` shorty , we got ta work on our relationship . 
 i 'm not feeling the love , '' he said , but sauntered off to gather his stuff . 
 kali retrieved her purse from upstairs and put a handful of birdseed out for pat and stew . 
 when she returned , max was waiting by the front door . 
 orrin held it open . 
 `` what was so important in this purse that could not wait ? '' 
 she blinked and flashed him an innocent smile . 
 `` my library card . '' 
 orrin 's gaze was steady . 
 kali froze , afraid for a moment that he might say no . 
 but then he gave a slight nod . 
 `` i insist that i drive . '' 
 chapter 55 the county library was kali 's only option for research . 
 holsenbeck hall did n't have a computer . 
 and her home with its internet access was off limits . 
 between the world wide net and thousands of books , if she could n't find answers there , then answers were n't meant to be found . 
 she was relieved when orrin wandered off to a nearby couch and settled in with a magazine . 
 she squinted to see the title , and laughed . 
 the real hunter . 
 when the guy was n't talking , he actually blended in . 
 where to start ? 
 the internet was the obvious choice . 
 practically anything could be found or done online . 
 from scratch soups to homemade bombs , it was all within reach of a few keystrokes . 
 and the generous morsels volunteered by york were the ingredients to start with . 
 she typed in reaper and found instant success . 
 unfortunately , it was the wrong kind . 
 the listed sites consisted of heavy metal bands , cartoons and halloween stuff . 
 kali tapped her pencil against the keyboard and thought for a minute . 
 then she searched `` shapeshifter . '' 
 lots of hits came back . 
 there was information discussing the history of the term , its origins in mythology and folklore , as well as modern day sci-fi and fantasy uses . 
 her eyes trailed down to a subheading entitled `` lycanthropy . '' 
 the term was used specifically for men who turned into wolves -- also known as werewolves . 
 what kali read was n't promising . 
 werewolves were uni-browed monsters , or witches that took the forms of wolves , or humans cursed by shamans , or demons sent by the devil . 
 they killed for sport , raped women , and stole babies . 
 well , clearly warren is nothing like that . 
 she pored over page after page , reading up on painful transformations under moonlight , silver bullets , curses , and a few cross references to vampires . 
 kali rolled her eyes . 
 i 'm so not going there . 
 she exhaled . 
 `` new approach needed here . '' 
 she tried to remember the term tsai had used . 
 he 'd said they would n't be safe ... because of ... the neuri . 
 jackpot . 
 there were only two exact matches , but the sites were less mired in fiction . 
 neuri were of scythian or slavic descent , from countries now known as poland and ukraine . 
 there was brief reference to a tribe of warekin . 
 one entry in particular made goose bumps prick across her flesh . 
 because of a curse , once a year , men belonging to neuran tribes turned into wolfish monsters . 
 they became fierce predators , man-eaters of moonlight that terrorized villagers and stole people from their homes . 
 york had said reapers were once men , but were now forced to live as monsters because of punishment . 
 tsai had called the same creatures neuri . 
 everything came back to werewolves . 
 but why would they want to kill me ? 
 she pushed away from the computer as her mind raced . 
 warren had definitely turned into really big wolf . 
 was he cursed ? 
 he had taken orders from rhane just like the others . 
 if horror movies carried any weight at all , kali was certain a werewolf would n't take orders from a human . 
 if warren was a werewolf , then rhane had to be a werewolf too , and york had lied to her face . 
 she shook away the thought . 
 this is completely ridiculous . 
 no wonder york laughed at me . 
 werewolves do n't exist . 
 `` you 're a freak , shorty . 
 i like it . '' 
 max leaned over her shoulder , and kali nearly jumped out of her skin . 
 `` what are you doing here , creeper ? '' 
 the boy touched a finger to his chin as if in deep thought . 
 the guy-liner he wore was very distracting . 
 max snapped his fingers . 
 `` you and commando oreo kidnapped me . '' 
 `` his name is orrin . 
 and i meant what are you doing up here , following me around , breathing in my ear ? '' 
 `` you were taking a long time . 
 i thought you might need help . '' 
 `` do you even know what people do in libraries ? '' 
 he winked suggestively . 
 `` in the public section or the private section ? '' 
 `` go away , max . '' 
 `` no wait , seriously . 
 i can help . '' 
 kali stared at the screen and ignored him . 
 but like any good adolescent , he was undeterred . 
 `` if you really want to find something , i suggest you do it the old fashioned way . '' 
 max then did something surprising . 
 he spoke like an intelligent human being . 
 `` they got tons of old books upstairs , good for history and stuff . 
 most people do n't bother with ` em . 
 they sit up there catching dust because the net is supposed to be so much faster . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` our civilization is bass-ackwards . 
 any joe blow can post whatever he wants on a web page , but to publish it in a book that makes it up those stairs , there 's got ta be some truth to it . 
 come on . '' 
 he took off . 
 after a moment of hesitation , kali followed . 
 it turned out that max knew what he was talking about . 
 he led her to a section of the library she 'd never ventured to : the archives . 
 from floor to ceiling , rows of dusty books filled with knowledge sat waiting to be rediscovered . 
 `` wow . 
 max , i am officially impressed . '' 
 blushing bright red , he looked at the floor and cleared his throat . 
 `` so , are we still looking for werewolf stuff ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 've read enough about them . 
 help me with something i did n't really see online . 
 i need to learn about the warekin . '' 
 `` can you spell that ? '' 
 she did . 
 max rubbed his hands together . 
 `` be right back . '' 
 he returned a few minutes later , lugging a huge volume with worn a leather binding and tattered pages . 
 he took a seat on the floor , folding his legs and feet . 
 when kali did the same , max carefully placed the book between them . 
 `` this was the only one with anything on those guys . '' 
 max opened the book . 
 `` only problem is ... '' he turned the page so she could see . 
 `` it 's not in english . '' 
 she lifted the heavy volume from his lap . 
 `` that 's okay . 
 maybe there 's something we can look at . '' 
 `` you mean like maps or pictures ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 the pages were so fragile with age ; it took time to gently turn each one . 
 but kali had guessed right . 
 there were lots of pictures . 
 most were portraits of fearsome men . 
 beneath the photos were dates and additional script that perhaps detailed various exploits in each man 's history . 
 max pointed . 
 `` that guy could be genghis khan ... '' she nodded and kept flipping pages . 
 the maps had shaded areas or colored lines connecting various points in a geographic region . 
 there were drawings of battles , weapons , decapitations , raids , hangings , villages on fire , etc. `` i think this is a catalogue of historical conquerors . '' 
 she pointed at a drawing . 
 `` napoleon is recognizable anywhere . '' 
 `` we passed the dude that nuked the aztecs too . '' 
 `` max , there was no nuking in the 1500s . '' 
 `` this is cool ! 
 keep going . '' 
 he reached over and turned the page . 
 as kali 's eyes fell to the next image , all the breath in her lungs expelled in a defined whoosh . 
 the picture was the reproduction of a crude painting , a warrior in black armor sitting atop a large mount of the same color . 
 it was the same as in her dreams . 
 only this time , the rider was helmetless . 
 she saw him clearly , walking toward her in the snow , his dark hair flying wild and shapeless in the wind . 
 the horseman 's eyes glowed in the unusual manner of chrysoprase , leaping out from the weathered canvas page . 
 those eyes were unmistakable . 
 and kali had seen them only on one person in her lifetime . 
 there was a date beneath the picture : 1326 a.d - ? 
 she found her voice . 
 `` i need to know what this says . '' 
 max 's eyes were wide and uncertain . 
 kali could n't blame the kid . 
 she probably looked pretty freaked out . 
 she certainly felt pretty freaked out . 
 `` s-sorry . 
 this is the reference section . 
 you ca n't check these jewels out . '' 
 `` max , please . 
 i need your help . '' 
 `` you just said the magic word . '' 
 five minutes later , max was downstairs with the huge book shoved under a jacket orrin had retrieved from the truck . 
 the bulge looked highly suspicious , but they were counting on that . 
 one of the librarians , a pale and skinny college kid in need of a haircut , spotted max and narrowed his eyes . 
 he stood up from a desk so small it was laughable . 
 `` hey , kid , '' he said a bit too loudly . 
 max smirked . 
 it was like a scene out of high school where the science nerd faced down the rebellious skater who burned his homework in the boy 's bathroom and threw the ashes in the toilet . 
 but the librarian was n't in high school anymore . 
 the little punk could n't tie the nerd to a toilet and steal from him anymore . 
 `` hey , kid ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 a few people turned , scowling . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 the too skinny librarian blushed and started walking toward max who was quickly closing in on the front door . 
 just before the security strip in the back of the book set off the alarm , kali stopped scanning titles and whispered in orrin 's ear . 
 `` now , '' she said . 
 he leaned against the nearest bookcase and toppled it with little effort . 
 like dominoes , the shelves fell one after the other . 
 hundreds , maybe thousands , of books went sailing in all directions , landing in a cacophony of crashes . 
 the college guy squawked . 
 cries of alarm went up as employees and volunteers ran to the small crisis . 
 suppressing a fit of devilish giggles , max skittered out the door . 
 chapter 56 using information gathered from mack ventures , rion had found an address for another buyer with interest in the siren 's heart and given the details to rhane . 
 according to city records , the property was purchased within the last three months . 
 the sale followed customary standards , involving a realtor and a bank . 
 everything about the single family home seemed perfectly normal . 
 its white siding , colorful flower bed , and the whitewashed fence that surrounded its impeccably manicured lawn all shouted ordinary . 
 the problem was that the house was deeded to a person involved in selling kalista to reapers , and it was located only sixty miles from the town where she lived . 
 rhane approached cautiously . 
 it was too quiet . 
 nothing moved in the house or in the woods behind it . 
 stepping through the unlocked front door , he instantly knew river was there . 
 all of his heightened senses came to full alert . 
 room by room , he cleared the house and exited through a door into the backyard . 
 crossing fifty yards of lawn , he headed for the woods . 
 the white fence stopped at the tree line . 
 swinging his long legs over it , rhane hit the ground and crouched low . 
 he closed his eyes , found the faint whirl as it whipped through the air , and instinctively rolled . 
 the blast of splintering wood exploded into his ears . 
 as he ducked behind the trunk of a large pine , he heard the sound of footsteps retreating into the woods and rose to pursue . 
 the canopy of trees filtered sunlight through their branches , forming spider webs of light across the undergrowth . 
 rhane saw the metallic glint of something hidden in the lush green carpet , nearly centered in the clearing . 
 he was drawn to it , unable to resist the lure of its shine . 
 he ignored the stillness that suddenly fell as his hand closed around the leather wrapped hilt . 
 his fingertips found the ridged inlay of detail a silversmith had intricately carved in the blade a lifetime ago . 
 bellefuron . 
 the metal sighed , emitting a satisfied hum as if recognizing its true owner . 
 on top of that melodious sound followed the dull roar of air splitting perilously close to rhane 's head . 
 he lifted the sword overhead and behind . 
 the air cracked again , this time with the ring of metal on metal . 
 he whirled to face the man who attacked , wielding bellefuron to meet a violent flurry of strikes . 
 he backed to the edge of the clearing , his blood awakening to the challenge . 
 rhane countered . 
 exchanging defense for offense , he cut mercilessly at every weak point . 
 the two men danced to the center of the clearing and fell back . 
 blades held in opposite high and low guards , they circled dangerously , each calculating the other 's next move . 
 rhane stared into pale blue eyes , trying to read them . 
 `` why are you here , river ? '' 
 `` do you remember the last time we saw one another ? 
 we were sent to hunt the siren , to take her life as payment for the ones she stole . 
 then why was it i who ended up feeling the pain of my brother 's blade ? 
 you betrayed us . '' 
 river charged . 
 feinting left , he extended a short chop aimed for rhane 's head . 
 ducking just in time , rhane lifted his sword to match the next thrust of river 's blade , leaning his weight forward when the two weapons locked . 
 `` i could n't let you hurt her , '' he said . 
 river grunted under the strength of rhane 's attack . 
 `` you knew what she was . 
 you knew what she had done . '' 
 `` no . 
 we were n't there . 
 we do n't know what happened . '' 
 `` hundreds of bodies burned . 
 one of our primes slain . 
 you were a fool , brother . 
 only your precious siren had the strength to murder a prime . '' 
 rhane tensed . 
 `` i saw her afterwards . 
 she was terrified . 
 she was even afraid of me . '' 
 `` do n't you see ? 
 that fear confirms her guilt . '' 
 river shoved away . 
 blades free , their dance began anew . 
 river landed harder and faster blows , fueling his charge with anger . 
 putting all his weight behind one maddened sweep , his blade landed near the hilt of rhane 's sword . 
 the aftershock rippled down rhane 's forearm , tearing the heavy weapon from his hand . 
 river continued the onslaught and knocked him roughly to the ground . 
 `` you delivered that thing into our midst , '' he snarled and brought his sword down in a deadly arc . 
 for the first time since entering the clearing , rhane got angry . 
 with bare hands , he caught river 's weapon in mid-arc , ignoring the searing pain as he wrenched it away . 
 tossing the sword aside , he brought his fist forward . 
 it connected squarely . 
 river 's head snapped backward , and hit the ground with a thud as he landed in the dirt . 
 rhane stood over him , eyes darkening to black . 
 river knew better than to move . 
 `` enough . '' 
 a growl rumbled low in rhane 's throat . 
 `` if kalista is such a monster , then why did she save them ? '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` there were three children hiding miles away from the carnage in a spot only she and i knew about . 
 why would she kill everyone but not them ? '' 
 `` children survived ? '' 
 rhane nodded . 
 `` three of them . 
 the twins and rion . '' 
 `` brother , why did n't you come back ? 
 if these survivors saw what happened , they could have spoken her innocence . 
 why would you not let them ? '' 
 `` they do n't remember anything from that day . '' 
 `` i do not think i understand . '' 
 `` builders are real . 
 they are the ones who took kalista , erased her memories and those of the children . 
 i spoke to one of them . 
 he said kalista did n't do it . '' 
 `` then who killed our people ? 
 who killed our prime ? '' 
 rhane shook his head . 
 `` unless her memories are returned , we may never know . '' 
 river was years younger , but he and rhane had grown up together . 
 they 'd heard the same whispers in the village and listened to the same tales from their elders . 
 he knew the legend of creators who 'd masterminded four races , all in attempt to cover the mistake of their first . 
 within whispers were often origins of truth . 
 `` that 's a game changer , '' he said quietly . 
 rhane nodded . 
 `` i need your help . 
 but first , i need to know i can trust you . '' 
 river rolled to his side . 
 blood from his nose dripped steadily into the grass . 
 he glanced up at his brother . 
 `` is it okay if i get up now ? '' 
 impatiently , rhane jerked him up by the collar and released him . 
 river staggered a bit and touched a hand gingerly to his face . 
 `` ouch . '' 
 he smiled through the pain . 
 `` that 's going to bruise . '' 
 `` did the primes send you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` then why were you on the plane ? '' 
 `` when you left , you did n't leave much of a trail to follow . 
 after the siren 's heart disappeared from the ruins and showed up for bid , i knew you would n't pass up an opportunity to reclaim that small piece of home and your past with the siren . 
 so i went after it . 
 what i did n't expect to find was kalista . 
 if i could find her , others could too . 
 then the meeting was moved up to deliver the relic . 
 i was n't sure if you had someone in place . 
 so i went in . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 rhane was deciding if he believed the story . 
 it did n't exactly add up . 
 river glanced around . 
 `` let us finish this inside . '' 
 they left the clearing . 
 passing the fence , rhane saw a gleaming white row of perfect pickets marred by a section of shards and splinters . 
 he frowned . 
 `` you shot at me . '' 
 river cast a faint smile over his shoulder . 
 `` but i missed . '' 
 `` i should have hit you harder . '' 
 chapter 57 river leaned over the kitchen sink and rinsed the blood from his face . 
 then he grabbed a towel and tossed it to his brother . 
 `` those are real hardwoods you 're bleeding on . '' 
 rhane glanced down , noticing the trail of crimson droplets for the first time . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he wiped at his left hand absently . 
 `` you should bandage it . 
 my blade is blood silver . 
 not as deadly as bellefuron , but your wound will not heal fast . '' 
 river wanted to say more . 
 he needed to know if the rumors about banewolf were true . 
 but he held his tongue and left the room . 
 he came back wearing a fresh shirt and carrying a first aid kit . 
 `` what do you need my help with ? '' 
 river tossed the red box to rhane . 
 `` gabriel has been released . '' 
 `` allow me to guess . 
 he wants the siren ? '' 
 `` he thinks he can use her power against the builders . '' 
 rhane wrapped tape around the cleaned wound . 
 `` york is the only one besides me that has been tested in battle against such an opponent . 
 and i am not at full strength . '' 
 river lifted a brow . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 `` i ca n't transform . 
 i have n't been able to since ... i have n't been able to in a long time . '' 
 `` the bane wolf is gone . '' 
 rhane nodded , rubbing his palm where the mark of the white wolf once branded him . 
 the tattoos had been absent for almost four centuries . 
 he had more or less accepted that he 'd never get them back . 
 even after seeing his brother 's bare hand , it was hard for river to believe . 
 but if what he said was true , then rhane was in serious trouble . 
 `` banewolf is the truest of immortals . 
 he can not be killed . 
 the wearer of him can not be killed . 
 without him , you will positively die in a fight against gabriel . '' 
 rhane frowned . 
 `` river , you probably know better than anyone else what i endured before becoming the bane wolf 's vessel . 
 i survived back then . 
 and i 've done a pretty good job of staying alive now . '' 
 `` but this is gabriel . 
 this creature was once a prime . 
 even fallen , his strength is nearly unmatchable . 
 you 've already given up so much for her . 
 will you really lay down your life , too ? '' 
 `` this is about more than the siren . '' 
 rhane briefly related the conversation he 'd had with wesley the day before . 
 river grimaced . 
 `` it sounds like they are n't giving you much of a choice . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` she could be of great help fighting against him . '' 
 rhane shook his head . 
 `` you 've seen her . 
 she 's a kid . 
 and she has no idea who she is or what she is capable of . '' 
 he slouched against the counter , briefly kneading his temple before folding his arms . 
 river remembered seeing him do so twice since leaving the clearing . 
 `` maybe it is your conscience . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` could n't it be guilt preventing you from becoming banewolf ... as well as causing your headache ? 
 you have always been the odd one , brother . '' 
 rhane rolled his eyes . 
 `` you think i 'm deliberately giving myself an aneurysm because i feel guilty about not telling kalista the truth ? '' 
 river was the younger , but had never been under rhane 's command . 
 things were less formal between them when they were away from others . 
 `` that 's ridiculous . 
 i 've been exposed to large doses of monkshood twice in less than two weeks . '' 
 `` ouch , '' river said , and took a moment to deliberate rhane 's explanation . 
 `` so what stops you from becoming banewolf ? '' 
 rhane blinked . 
 he had n't considered it . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i do n't even know why banewolf chose me in the first place . '' 
 `` it was to balance the omen of your disfigurement . '' 
 when rhane 's eyes pulsed , river looked away and decided to change the subject . 
 `` you should tell her . '' 
 `` i ca n't . 
 she 'll never forgive me . '' 
 `` i have seen her love for you . '' 
 `` and you 've forgotten how much she loved him . '' 
 feeling his chest tighten , rhane took a shuddering breath and willed logic to replace emotion . 
 `` this girl does n't remember us . 
 and she 's so inexperienced . 
 i ca n't risk sending her into a rage that even i could not dispel , especially if i am the cause of it . '' 
 `` rhane -- '' he cut him off . 
 `` let me save her from this . 
 then i somehow i will tell her . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 rhane looked at his brother , searching for a way to reassure him . 
 river needed to believe there was a chance . 
 `` my instinct to survive will win out over guilt , if that is the cause of this . 
 banewolf will return . '' 
 `` for your sake , brother , i hope that is true . '' 
 `` even so , the fight with gabriel wo n't be easy . 
 if i ca n't kill him , and do n't stand to receive her ... '' he swallowed . 
 `` do what you have to do . '' 
 `` why me ? 
 york is your second . '' 
 `` he 's already gotten too close to her . '' 
 river inclined his head . 
 `` if you are sure it 's what you want . '' 
 rhane grimaced . 
 `` it is . 
 i need to know that she 'll be safe . '' 
 `` then i will do it . '' 
 rhane cleared his throat . 
 `` how is father ? '' 
 `` i lied before when i said the primes did not bid me here . '' 
 `` i figured as much . '' 
 river left the sink , crossing the room to where his brother stood . 
 he quietly regarded rhane in a new light . 
 with eyes that knew the truth . 
 now he understood why their father had sent him . 
 `` jehsi promises you will be granted mercy . 
 he wants you to come home . 
 returning bellefuron confirms his oath . '' 
 rhane was shaking his head . 
 `` i ca n't come back . 
 not now . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 extending his right hand , river placed it on the back of rhane 's neck . 
 `` he misses you . '' 
 river swallowed . 
 `` i never had the chance ... '' he faltered . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 after a moment , rhane leaned forward , clasping his brother 's neck as their foreheads met . 
 in that silent bond , old wounds began to heal and were forgiven . 
 # the master of the shipyard frowned impatiently over the clipboard . 
 `` you 're over by 1200 pounds . '' 
 the older crewman scratched his head . 
 `` do n't know how that happened , al. . 
 we unloaded what was there . 
 the numbers from the containers matched up . '' 
 al frowned harder . 
 `` your numbers have been slipping lately . 
 are you losing it in your old age , tom ? '' 
 `` age has nothing to do with it . 
 i got a pretty lady keeping me up at night . 
 messes with the concentration . '' 
 tom winked . 
 `` i 'll let it pass . 
 but this is the last time . 
 give me the ledger , and i 'll sign off . 
 i 've also got a date tonight . 
 i 'm hoping my concentration will get jumbled . '' 
 `` i thought you were married , boss . '' 
 `` i am . 
 the date is with my wife . 
 we 're seeing a therapist , trying to fix this shipwreck of a marriage . 
 he suggested that we date . '' 
 tom shook his head . 
 `` that stuff is a load of crap . '' 
 he watched his superior scrawl a hurried signature . 
 `` i do n't see any reason to give some quack a hundred dollars an hour to fix our problems . 
 done just fine without it . '' 
 `` two hundred dollars , '' al mumbled and handed back the paperwork . 
 the crewman accepted it gratefully . 
 `` you 're fifty-seven years old and your wife is twenty-two . 
 the fourth one , is n't she ? '' 
 tom put both hands on his waist and grinned . 
 `` what 's your point ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 you 're a lucky man . '' 
 al adjusted his cap as he left . 
 there was enough time to stop and get his wife flowers before dinner . 
 white roses were her favorite . 
 chapter 58 it did n't take long to find the tiny bookshop , clever dust booksellers . 
 it was located only a few miles from where kali worked . 
 she was determined to get answers . 
 a book with a nearly seven-hundred-year-old painting of rhane had to lead to some of them . 
 they 'd stopped by a drive-in to reward max for his excellent detective work at the library . 
 the kid was still busy stuffing his face with the biggest burger on the menu . 
 orrin parked the truck at the curb and opened kali 's door . 
 max climbed out onto the sidewalk beside them , politely wiping his greasy fingers before handing over the book . 
 kali looked at him warily . 
 `` maybe you should stay in the truck . '' 
 grinning , max strolled ahead anyway , disappearing into the shop . 
 she stared after him , taking a moment to study the building . 
 though the façade had obviously been renovated , there was a sense of the original stonework underneath . 
 the store front was decorated with old volumes stacked beside a vase of pretty flowers . 
 she knew little about botany , but recognized the pink blossoms as oleanders and begonias . 
 their colors were perfectly complemented by strange plants of deep blue . 
 the arrangement was odd , to say the least . 
 kali was about to go in , but stopped when she noticed orrin had not followed . 
 she turned back to him with a questioning look . 
 orrin shook his head almost imperceptibly . 
 `` the smell is offensive to me . 
 i will wait here . '' 
 kali laughed . 
 orrin 's strange mannerisms had started to grow on her . 
 `` it might be the flowers . '' 
 the bell dinged as the door closed behind her . 
 dust mingled with the musk that tended to cling to old things , the smell hanging heavily in the air . 
 maybe to someone with a keener nose , it would be overpowering . 
 a pudgy man with twinkly blue eyes greeted her . 
 his name tag read `` harry . '' 
 `` excuse our mess . 
 my assistant has missed a week of work . 
 i assume he 's taken ill . '' 
 harry 's eyes went to the large book supported by kali 's thin arms . 
 `` what have you got there ? '' 
 he reached for the book . 
 she quickly twisted away . 
 `` whoa . 
 you get right to the point , do n't you ? '' 
 harry withdrew his hands but rubbed them together excitedly . 
 `` how can i help you ? ' 
 kali glanced around . 
 she wondered why she did n't see max ; after all , it was such a small store . 
 `` this book is written in a weird language . 
 maybe there 's someone here who can read it ? '' 
 `` yes , of course . 
 please follow me . '' 
 the old man shuffled away . 
 she trailed behind him at a slower pace . 
 toward the back of the shop , there was no natural light . 
 even the florescent lighting was dim . 
 kali felt a bit apprehensive . 
 the last harmless looking old guy she 'd encountered had killed mack , stabbed shannon , and chased her through the desert . 
 a bulb hung above a workbench , glowing dully . 
 the illumination was probably meant to give off enough light to see by , but not enough to damage delicate manuscripts . 
 kali stood on the opposite side of the bench and put the book in front of her . 
 harry 's wrinkled fingers twitched . 
 fumbling a magnifier from his pocket , he pressed the glass against his eyeball . 
 `` Темные Лорды , '' he read aloud . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 kali had caught none of that . 
 `` dark lords , '' he translated . 
 `` you know this language ? '' 
 harry opened the book and scanned a few pages past the title . 
 `` from what i can tell , the script is a peculiar blend of russian and assan . 
 the latter has been extinct for over two hundred years . 
 there are very few who can read this . '' 
 her shoulders slumped . 
 `` but the book does n't even look that old . 
 why would someone write a book in a language no one can read ? 
 it 's kind of a paradox . '' 
 the old man closed the book and carefully examined its joints and covers . 
 `` to protect secrets , '' he answered distantly . 
 he ran a finger between the two endsheets and across the hinge . 
 `` there is someone here who may be able to help . '' 
 out of thin air , a woman appeared to stand at harry 's side . 
 strong features and pale skin should have made her ugly . 
 instead , she was oddly attractive . 
 her mane of fiery red hair was pulled back into a sleek bun . 
 a wildly patterned scarf of bright colors contrasted with her otherwise dark attire . 
 kali presumed this woman had to be the designer of the bouquet displayed in the window . 
 `` this is lara . '' 
 harry 's voice trembled . 
 `` she is filling in as my assistant until further notice . '' 
 `` hello . '' 
 lara smiled , bowing her head modestly . 
 `` may i see what you have ? '' 
 kali felt hesitant but conceded . 
 `` go ahead . 
 help yourself . '' 
 pale , delicate hands fluttered out to caress the book . 
 `` are you looking for something in particular or would you like to know all that it says ? '' 
 lara 's eyes held kali 's . 
 `` the latter would require a private meeting . '' 
 a warning chill crawled across kali 's skin . 
 harry 's assistant was very creepy . 
 it took a concentrated effort not to recoil . 
 `` um ... no . '' 
 forcing herself to reach forward , kali turned the book to the picture of the green eyed warrior . 
 her hand grazed lara 's fingers in the process . 
 the woman 's skin was icy . 
 `` just tell me what it says about him . '' 
 lara waved her hand over the picture , letting out what sounded like a purr . 
 `` this was not a man . 
 he was the most powerful shapeshifter in the thirteenth century . 
 his name was `` Бэйн волк . '' 
 her dark eyes floated up . 
 `` banewolf . '' 
 lara began reading , `` banewolf led an unstoppable army of elite warriors . 
 armed with skins of the wolf and weapons forged from the fires of altai , his army brought a halt to the plague of darkness in 1350 a.d. . 
 during times of peace , his people , the warekin , made their homes in the plains of the golden mountains . 
 both excellent horseman and farmers , warekin became known as the humane warriors . 
 `` after ascending to the highest military rank , banewolf betrayed his people . 
 responsible for the slaughter of hundreds , he was stripped of honor and sentenced to death . 
 but banewolf evaded capture and fled his homeland , choosing to live the rest of his days as a fugitive . '' 
 lara stopped and searched kali 's face before continuing . 
 `` eventually , his leaderless unit disbanded , assimilating into surrounding cultures . 
 left defenseless , the remaining warekin retreated deep into the mountains . '' 
 her throat felt like parchment paper . 
 `` is that all ? '' 
 lara lifted an impeccably shaped brow . 
 `` is n't that enough ? '' 
 it was suddenly hot in the bookstore . 
 through the buzzing in her ears , kali realized lara was still speaking . 
 `` i would like to buy this from you . '' 
 `` it 's not for sale . '' 
 gathering the book in her arms , kali moved as fast as possible without making it obvious that she wanted to get away from spooky lara . 
 she retreated to the front of the store , but lara followed . 
 turning , kali saw an ugly grey limb of scarred and puckered flesh reach across the light . 
 blood black claws were gnarled and twisted outward . 
 kali suppressed a strangled yelp . 
 lara 's delicate hands folded neatly in front of her . 
 had she imagined it ? 
 `` everything is for sale , '' lara insisted . 
 `` this is n't . '' 
 kali backed away . 
 `` thanks for all your help . '' 
 she looked at the flowers in the display and cleared her throat . 
 `` your arrangement is beautiful . 
 especially the blue ones , what are they called ? '' 
 `` they are monkshood . 
 a warning to beware . '' 
 lara smiled thinly . 
 `` they are poisonous to some . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 kali glanced at the floor not knowing what else to say . 
 when she looked back , lara had gone . 
 kali left . 
 she was grateful to breathe fresh air again . 
 maybe orrin had been right about the smell . 
 max was already waiting inside the truck . 
 `` when did you get back here ? '' 
 the boy leaned forward as she buckled in . 
 `` right after i ran into that creepy red head . 
 she almost gave me a heart attack . '' 
 `` yeah , '' kali agreed , `` she was strange . '' 
 starting the truck , orrin looked at her . 
 `` did you find what you came for ? '' 
 `` i did . '' 
 `` we should return to the manor . '' 
 `` i ca n't do that , orrin . '' 
 he opened his mouth as if to protest , but appeared to change his mind . 
 orrin nodded . 
 `` take me someplace else . '' 
 `` i will do as you wish . '' 
 he rolled the windows down , making kali pin him with a curious stare . 
 `` you and the child reek , '' he explained . 
 chapter 59 emotionally , kali was oscillating between confusion , fear , and outrage . 
 she 'd trusted rhane ... told him her secret . 
 she let him get closer than anyone . 
 and he had given her nothing in return . 
 sure , he 'd saved her life a few times . 
 but for all kali knew , rhane was the very reason for her life being in danger . 
 he 'd asked her to trust , but he had not trusted . 
 was he really seven hundred years old ? 
 or had it simply been a picture of a distant ancestor ? 
 rhane knew how alone she felt . 
 how could he let her think she was the only freak in their relationship ? 
 he 'd seen her shake with fear , cry , and scream with frustration . 
 all along he had known the answers . 
 she had looked in his eyes . 
 though he 'd never said it , kali thought she saw love reflecting back . 
 she 'd been wrong . 
 `` turn left up here , '' she said . 
 orrin obediently signaled the blinker . 
 home was n't safe . 
 and kali was uncertain of everything else . 
 so , she was running to what she could be certain of . 
 callan . 
 things never were a cake walk between them . 
 she had lied and cheated repeatedly . 
 even so , cal had always been her constant . 
 when he was furious , he still loved her . 
 and he was always honest about the way he felt . 
 with him , kali never had to guess . 
 it was almost dark when they arrived at cal 's apartment . 
 energy from an impending storm electrified the air . 
 kali looked up . 
 the clouds were heavy with rain . 
 their cover shielded the sun , darkened the sky . 
 but there was something else . 
 more than a storm was coming . 
 she looked at orrin . 
 `` do you feel that ? '' 
 instead of answering , he whipped out his cell and gestured for her and max to go inside . 
 the kid gathered his things and walked with kali to the door . 
 he nudged her . 
 `` your soldier keeps it close . '' 
 `` i do n't know what that means . '' 
 `` it means that he does n't say much . '' 
 `` oh . 
 yeah , he keeps it pretty close . '' 
 she had to ring the bell twice before cal answered . 
 he came to the door wearing nothing except a pair of khaki trousers and a surprised expression . 
 `` kal ? '' 
 his eyes darted back over his shoulder to something inside the apartment . 
 `` hey . 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 confusion passed , and he seemed genuinely happy to see her . 
 she decided to be honest with him and answer as plainly as possible . 
 `` i did n't know where else to go . '' 
 `` are you in trouble ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 she hesitated . 
 `` i think so . '' 
 his eyes flickered over max . 
 `` who 's the kid ? '' 
 `` he 's a friend . 
 my sister is supposed to be watching him through the weekend . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 kali shifted her stance impatiently . 
 `` are you going to let us inside or do we have to stand out here while you ask me a dozen more questions ? '' 
 something must have clicked in cal 's brain . 
 jerking his head toward the apartment , he pushed the door open . 
 `` go inside , kid . 
 the remote is probably in the couch somewhere . '' 
 max looked at kali . 
 he did n't move until she nodded . 
 cal stepped outside and closed the door when the boy left . 
 gaze fixing on a point behind her , his entire demeanor changed . 
 `` the other guy you 're seeing , is that him ? '' 
 `` no , '' kali answered without looking back . 
 `` okay . 
 what 's this about ? '' 
 his eyes finally pulled away from orrin and returned to her . 
 she hesitated . 
 maybe this was how it had been for rhane , wanting to tell but fearing what the truth would do to the other person . 
 `` i ca n't talk about it . '' 
 `` ok . 
 can we talk about us ? '' 
 `` we should n't ... '' cal went ahead anyway . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i never should have touched you the way i did . '' 
 the rawness of his emotions made his words sound bitter . 
 `` i know what it feels like when someone you love hurts you in that way . 
 i 'm getting counseling , kali . 
 but i did n't do it for you . 
 i did it for me . 
 because i swore that i 'd never be like him , i swore i 'd never be my father . '' 
 his blond lashes moistened with tears that did n't fall . 
 `` i 'm sorry i 've never asked you about your family . 
 you 're right . 
 i 've always been too wrapped up in my own shit to deal with anyone else 's . 
 if you ca n't be with me anymore , i understand . 
 but if you want to talk , i 'm ready to listen . '' 
 kali sobbed . 
 honesty . 
 but it was n't from the guy she wanted . 
 throwing her arms up , she hugged cal tightly . 
 his arms slipped around her waist . 
 his face buried into her hair . 
 `` i miss you , '' he said . 
 she opened her mouth to speak but in the same moment , the door opened . 
 `` hello , sis . '' 
 kali froze . 
 rozzy was the last person she expected to see . 
 cal stiffened , stubbornly holding on when she pushed away . 
 his arms loosened as he ultimately relented . 
 looking from kali to her sister , his cheeks and ears turned crimson . 
 `` nice timing , '' he mumbled . 
 rozzy also had the decency to look embarrassed . 
 `` i did n't think you 'd come here . '' 
 `` you 're surprised to see me ? '' 
 kali was incredulous . 
 `` imagine how i feel . '' 
 `` you said you guys were over . '' 
 `` what about tim ? '' 
 `` what about him ? ' 
 `` rozzy ! '' 
 `` kali , i 'm sorry ! 
 and you 're already seeing someone else . '' 
 `` that does n't matter . 
 you 're my sister ! '' 
 cal reached out for kali , but she threw up her hands . 
 `` do n't touch me ! '' 
 she told herself she did n't care . 
 he meant nothing . 
 she would n't cry . 
 she would n't yell . 
 `` this did n't mean anything , '' cal insisted . 
 `` i swear to you that nothing happened between us before last night . 
 i only care about you . '' 
 kali stared at him with open-mouthed disbelief , shutting down her emotions until only a wall of anger was left . 
 feeling each hair stand at the back of her neck , she turned around . 
 an inward jolt traveled through her body . 
 rhane . 
 invisible waves of energy poured off of him as he walked , his long , powerful strides moving him across cal 's front lawn . 
 kali saw his eyes strike like green lightning as they took in every detail of the scene stretched out before him . 
 something was terribly wrong . 
 chapter 60 so many emotions : guilt , anger , worry and another she could n't admit to seeing again , rippled across rhane 's face . 
 then the stony mask he constantly wore slipped back into place . 
 he will never tell me , kali thought bitterly . 
 the wall of anger became two bricks thicker . 
 no more lies . 
 `` if you 're not here to fess up everything , then get back in your truck and leave . '' 
 `` we do n't have time for this . '' 
 `` then make time . 
 talk fast . '' 
 `` no . 
 we have to go . 
 now . '' 
 his fingers closed onto her elbow , remaining gentle and yet firm . 
 she snatched away , and he let her . 
 cal chose that moment to get protective . 
 `` she said she does n't want to go with you . '' 
 he tried to step between them , but kali blocked his path . 
 `` do n't , '' she snapped . 
 he started to protest , `` kali -- '' `` walk away , '' rhane ordered . 
 maybe it was the guttural , animalistic quality rhane 's voice had unexpectedly taken on . 
 or it might have been the way both orrin and a stranger with white hair swiftly appeared , flanking rhane 's sides . 
 but cal gave serious reconsideration to his position and made the wise decision . 
 he retreated a step back . 
 rhane looked at kali . 
 his eyes pulsed from black to green . 
 `` if you do n't come with me right now , your sister , the kid , and whoever this guy is are all going to die . 
 kalista , i swear to you . 
 we will talk as soon as you get in that truck . 
 but not a second before then . '' 
 `` okay , '' she whispered and swallowed the bile of fear that rose into her throat . 
 # `` i did n't mean that i was going to kill them . '' 
 rhane glanced in her direction . 
 they were traveling at ninety miles an hour , racing toward holsenbeck hall . 
 before leaving callan 's apartment , rhane sent the newcomer and orrin ahead to meet up with york and rion . 
 looking at him for a second time , kali realized where she had seen the man with clear eyes and white hair . 
 he had been on the plane to china . 
 but she was done speculating and trying to connect the dots . 
 sitting next to her was the guy with all the answers . 
 and her fear be damned , he was going to give them to her . 
 `` your picture , i saw it in a book from the library . 
 it said you were some kind of warlord . 
 and that you were born in 1326 . '' 
 `` the first statement is correct . 
 give or take a few centuries and the second becomes true as well . '' 
 hearing the words come from his mouth made a huge difference . 
 it was true . 
 all of it . 
 she could n't believe it . 
 this ca n't be happening . 
 `` what are you ? 
 what am i ? '' 
 he exhaled , and the words poured out as though levees were broken through . 
 `` kalista , you are a siren . 
 you were not born . 
 you were crafted into a living creature . 
 in order to continue living , you must feed on the souls of others . 
 that 's why you feel a constant hunger that never truly goes away . '' 
 a siren ? 
 what the hell ? 
 she had to shelf that until later . 
 `` the book said you were a traitor . 
 are you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 his eyes met hers . 
 the truth in them was undeniable . 
 `` but i am charged with that crime . 
 a death sentence hangs over my head . '' 
 her stomach clenched . 
 `` gabriel and the reapers , why are they after me ? '' 
 `` gabriel wants revenge on the ones who locked him away . 
 he thinks your abilities can help him accomplish that . '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 her voice raised an octave . 
 `` i suck the life out of teenage boys . 
 it 's not exactly a power that would-be superheroes dream up . '' 
 `` kalista ... you can do so much more . 
 the way you are at home in the water , the fire that destroyed greg 's tv -- '' he managed a small smile . 
 `` the connection you have with animals ... you 've only seen a glimpse of what you are capable of . '' 
 she struggled to breathe . 
 it was all very freaky and scary . 
 `` why are you different ? '' 
 she asked quietly . 
 `` my people , the warekin , we are a race of shapeshifters . 
 york , war , orrin , and rion are who 's left of my army . 
 you and i ... '' he paused . 
 `` we were bonded . 
 you promised to be by my side forever . 
 and i promised to protect you forever . 
 but i failed . '' 
 his voice cracked , recovered . 
 `` you were taken . 
 nearly four centuries have passed since that day . 
 i 've spent every one of them searching for you . '' 
 `` i do n't remember you . 
 i do n't remember any of this . 
 and i definitely do n't feel four hundred years old . '' 
 she started crying . 
 `` i remember being a kid . 
 i remember my parents . 
 they died ten years ago . '' 
 `` the ones who created you , me , and others like us , they have taken your memories . 
 they put the essence of your true self into the body of a child . 
 after you reach a certain age , the creature inside of you begins to mature again and the cycle must start over . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 kali clamped a hand over her mouth to stop the angry sob . 
 `` my mother ... '' she looked at rhane through a curtain of tears . 
 `` my real mother , she knew ... '' rhane nodded but said nothing . 
 `` that 's why they died ? '' 
 `` kalista , i honestly do n't know . '' 
 she had n't missed the slight shift of his right hand on the steering wheel . 
 the left was bandaged , resting in his lap . 
 `` rhane , i know there 's more . 
 tell me everything . '' 
 `` take a deep breath . 
 you have to stay calm . '' 
 `` do n't tell me to calm down . '' 
 she was near hysterics . 
 `` i need to know what happened . 
 this is my life . 
 tell me why i was taken . '' 
 rhane watched her steadily , but the mask was slipping . 
 her anguish seemed to cause him physical pain . 
 open , raw grief flashed across his face . 
 his eyes were deep caverns of guilt . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 her voice dropped to a whisper . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 kali knew she sounded like a psycho , but she could n't help it . 
 rhane was still hiding something . 
 and that something was huge . 
 but it was a part of her past , and she had every right to know . 
 `` i ca n't forgive another lie from you . '' 
 `` i 've never lied to you . '' 
 the sudden wail of sirens startled them both . 
 blue lights illuminated the night . 
 she saw rhane consider . 
 he muttered a curse and slowed , bringing the pickup to a full stop next to the highway . 
 instructions for the driver to exit emitted from a loud speaker . 
 with another look at kali , rhane complied , raising his hands as he did so . 
 greg 's voice called out gruffly , `` kali , honey , get out of the car . '' 
 she obeyed , puzzled to hear his voice . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 she rounded the car , lifting her hand to shield against the halogen headlights of the patrol cars . 
 there were three officers . 
 all had weapons trained on rhane . 
 one was sweaty and seemed a little too jumpy . 
 kali stopped moving forward . 
 `` i got in at first light this morning . 
 imagine my surprise at coming home to an empty house . '' 
 greg did n't sound pleased . 
 `` rosalyn answered only after she got her cover story straight . 
 when i could n't reach you , i figured this guy had something to do with it . 
 as soon as his plates hit aiken county , the police arranged a static tail . 
 then your sister phoned me and said this lunatic had kidnapped you . '' 
 `` he did n't kidnap me . '' 
 kali looked at rhane . 
 he was stock-still . 
 `` we were just talking . '' 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 he 's trouble , and i 've told him to stay away . '' 
 greg took a step toward her . 
 `` come to me . '' 
 `` kalista , do n't . '' 
 rhane started to turn . 
 and everything else happened too fast . 
 there was a shout . 
 `` gun ! '' 
 she heard the crack of a single shot and ducked . 
 successive firing hammered into the air all around , the sound of metal on metal deafening her ears . 
 something heavy slammed into her , and she was knocked roughly to the ground . 
 somewhere above the chaos , she heard greg shouting , `` hold your fire ! 
 hold your damn fire ! '' 
 she opened her eyes . 
 rhane was kneeling over her , shielding every part of her body . 
 that was him , always keeping her safe . 
 `` do n't go with them . '' 
 his words tumbled out urgently . 
 `` those dreams you spoke of . 
 they are memories . 
 you were being hunted because i was sent to kill you . 
 but i killed my own to save you . 
 that is my treason . 
 taking their lives for yours . '' 
 `` why ? 
 why were you going to kill me ? '' 
 her question was a frightened whisper . 
 the officers swarmed overhead . 
 rhane was lifted off of her . 
 arms wrenched behind his back , she heard the unmistakable snap of cuffs being secured into place . 
 his eyes never left hers . 
 `` they thought you lost control . 
 a lot of my kin died ... nearly all of them . '' 
 one of the officers removed a gun that was tucked securely in the waistband of rhane 's jeans , casting a reproving glare at his nervous and sweating partner . 
 kali was shaking . 
 heat rose from her toes all the way up to her hands . 
 `` kalista , look at me . 
 stay with me . '' 
 `` what else ? 
 but there 's something else . '' 
 from somewhere outside her body , she felt greg taking her hand and pulling her up from the pavement . 
 his voice was asking if she was okay . 
 his hands were checking to see if she were injured . 
 all of it came from a distance . 
 in that moment , she and rhane were the only two people who mattered in the entire universe . 
 `` there was a child , '' rhane said in a ragged whisper . 
 `` our child ... rhaven ... he died because i fought . '' 
 kali doubled over . 
 she would have fallen to her knees if not for greg 's arms about her waist . 
 the world was going dark . 
 `` i do n't believe you , '' she wheezed out . 
 the officers started to pull rhane away . 
 someone dragged her in the opposite direction . 
 her father . 
 the man who raised her after her fake parents had n't wanted her anymore . 
 `` do n't do this . 
 she 's in danger , '' rhane shouted at greg 's back . 
 `` the man who brought you this child , do you still see him ? '' 
 greg stopped . 
 `` he told you to keep her safe , to give her a normal childhood . 
 but he also told you that one day someone would come for her . 
 did n't he ? '' 
 greg turned around . 
 `` he told you this would happen . 
 let me protect her . '' 
 kali looked from rhane to her dad . 
 no one was moving , mostly because rhane was n't giving up another inch . 
 his eyes had darkened dangerously . 
 she understood that they would n't be able to take him unless he allowed it . 
 `` rhane , '' she said shakily . 
 `` do n't do this . 
 i 'm not ready . '' 
 `` kalista . 
 kali , please . 
 i need you to come with me . 
 we 'll figure out the rest later . '' 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i 'm not ready , '' she repeated . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 chapter 61 rhane sat in the back of the police car with his arms positioned awkwardly behind him . 
 there was a flicker of pain in his side from where a ricocheted bullet had hit him . 
 he stared ahead through the cage separating him from the officers upfront . 
 the situation was not good . 
 gabriel was coming . 
 he could feel it . 
 the cuffs were n't a problem . 
 breaking out of their humanly pathetic idea of secure custody would n't be difficult . 
 the trouble was kalista . 
 she had lost confidence in him . 
 just as he 'd thought , the knowledge of who they were and what they 'd lost had been too much . 
 `` you 're in a lot of trouble , dirt bag . '' 
 officer levens jerked his chin toward the unmarked sedan that drove up ahead . 
 `` that feller there is the d.a. and you 've managed to piss him off . 
 i guarantee that he 's going to find the meanest , crabbiest judge to throw the book at your pretty skull . '' 
 the officer 's comments were but a dull drone in rhane 's ears , dismissed for irrelevance . 
 a feeling of urgency squeezed his chest , increasing with every mile . 
 he watched the forest , the road , and the trees . 
 and saw the huge figure come crashing through them . 
 everything in his world stopped as the first car , the one with her in it , slammed into the monstrosity . 
 # impact from the sudden stop exploded through the sedan , jerking kali 's neck painfully forward and back . 
 airbags billowed out in slow motion , unfolding as white clouds in a halo of dust . 
 the seatbelt constricted , crushing the air from her lungs . 
 through vision blurred by tears , she saw two sinister red orbs shining in the night . 
 then the squad car was being lifted up , higher and higher . 
 in the next instant , they were flying . 
 the car hung in midair for several seconds before crashing to the earth again . 
 the force sent the vehicle into a deadly roll . 
 frantic screams punctuated the undertones of crunching metal and shattering glass . 
 after a final roll , the squad car settled into a broken heap . 
 no one was moving . 
 her father and the policeman were unconscious . 
 their fingers limply grazed the ceiling that was now the floor in kali 's inverted world . 
 blood was everywhere . 
 she felt a scream rise in her throat but fought against it . 
 her hands trembled as she blindly reached for her seatbelt . 
 releasing the buckle left her at gravity 's mercy , and she fell , landing with a crunch atop a carpet of broken class . 
 a deep roar bellowed in the darkness . 
 kali shivered . 
 more gunfire . 
 men yelling . 
 glass breaking . 
 she had to get out . 
 the windows were shattered . 
 the frames were collapsed and buckled around them , leaving no opening large enough for her to escape . 
 the door was stuck fast . 
 kali was trapped . 
 she heard someone screaming ... did n't know how much time had passed before she figured out the screams were hers . 
 then warm hands touched her face and shoulders . 
 a strong voice soothed her in a tense whisper . 
 the familiarity of it broke through the madness . 
 she sagged in relief . 
 `` i 'm getting you out . 
 it 's okay , kalista . 
 it 's okay . '' 
 she focused on rhane 's words and let them calm her . 
 his hands worked deftly , ripping and tearing at the twisted metal . 
 he kept talking to her , softly urging her to stay calm . 
 the ground shuddered . 
 the atmosphere morphed into something darker . 
 a strong odor stung her nostrils . 
 gabriel . 
 the monster was coming for her . 
 `` look at me . 
 keep looking at me . '' 
 rhane 's eyes had changed . 
 no longer human , and they were pitch black . 
 he succeeded in freeing her from the crumpled prison , pulled her out and placed her on the ground beside him . 
 he looked away . 
 she followed his gaze with a frightened stare . 
 two pillars of leathery skin covered by only patches of black fur moved toward them . 
 masses of rippling muscle ended in feet with scythe-like claws . 
 gabriel . 
 every step he took scarred the earth . 
 rhane 's mouth pulled back into a vicious snarl showing two rows of sharp and elongated teeth . 
 he launched himself away from the truck , right into the monster 's path . 
 the two collided . 
 furious growls ripped apart the air . 
 kali 's heart stopped when an agonized shout echoed into the night . 
 a moment later , rhane 's body smashed into the side of the squad car , moving it back an entire foot . 
 his t-shirt was pitifully torn . 
 a bright red stain of blood smeared the door when he moved . 
 his hand flashed up , holding the gun confiscated earlier . 
 he pulled the trigger . 
 gabriel roared . 
 kali pressed her hands against her ears to block the terrible sound . 
 after the sixth shot , gabriel fell silent . 
 not wasting a second , rhane scrambled over to her . 
 several huge gashes mangled his left arm . 
 she reached out for him , held on desperately . 
 `` my dad , we have to get my daddy . '' 
 `` kalista , we have to go . 
 gabriel 's not down for long . '' 
 `` no . 
 he 's still alive . '' 
 she was n't ashamed to beg for greg 's life . 
 he was her father . 
 she really understood that now . 
 `` please help him . '' 
 `` i ca n't let gabriel hurt you . '' 
 `` do n't you see ? '' 
 she sobbed . 
 `` losing greg will hurt me . '' 
 rhane brushed a finger against her cheek and slipped from her arms . 
 wrenching the front passenger door from the hinges , he reached in and checked for pulses on both men . 
 the officer groaned . 
 greg was silent . 
 rhane called to her softly , `` kali , i need you . '' 
 she hurried next to him . 
 `` release his belt when i tell you to . '' 
 kali did as she was asked and soon her dad was lying safely on the ground , his head in her lap . 
 rhane had rounded to the other side of the car , and was busy freeing the policeman . 
 greg 's pulse seemed extremely faint . 
 the slight rise and fall of his chest was barely a comfort . 
 a deep wound in his upper thigh steadily oozed blood . 
 he was in trouble . 
 if the bleeding did n't stop , he would die . 
 as she fumbled to remove the belt at his waist , greg 's eyes fluttered open . 
 `` kali ... sweetheart , i 'm so sorry . '' 
 `` do n't talk . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't tell you ... '' he grimaced when she tightened the tourniquet . 
 `` you have to go with rhane . '' 
 the whites of his eyes appeared as the pupils rolled back . 
 his entire body began shaking . 
 `` rhane ! '' 
 kali screamed . 
 he appeared instantaneously . 
 `` his leg is hurt . 
 he 's lost so much blood . '' 
 she tried to calm her breathing , but the breaths just came shallower and faster . 
 `` i think he 's dying . '' 
 rhane knelt , placing his non-bandaged hand on greg 's injury . 
 kali struggled to hear him as he spoke . 
 `` he 's fine . 
 there 's no pain . 
 he 's fine . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she looked again . 
 rhane was right . 
 greg 's bleeding had stopped . 
 in fact , the cut itself was gone . 
 kali put her hand where the fatal wound had been only seconds before . 
 `` i -- i do n't understand . '' 
 `` it 's time for you to go now . '' 
 rhane threw back his head and trilled a whistle that rang deep into the woods . 
 the sound still resonated as he took her face , cradling it in his hands . 
 his expression was heavy with sadness . 
 kali figured it out . 
 she had missed her chance . 
 rhane was saying goodbye . 
 fresh tears started . 
 they mixed with his blood , pouring out like an endless rain . 
 `` please ... '' kali did n't know what to ask . 
 rhane had saved her , protected her , guarded her physically and emotionally for every step of the road that led them to this point . 
 he had done everything anyone could have asked of him and had only wanted her trust in return . 
 he had given her back her family . 
 and now he was sacrificing his life to keep her and her father safe . 
 `` rhane , i ... '' a huge knot closed her throat . 
 he smiled gently . 
 `` i know . '' 
 behind him , a dark figure rose from the earth , unfolding until he stood at least nine feet tall . 
 a frightening mix of human and beast , black hair ran down the middle of gabriel 's spine like an unkempt mane . 
 mottled skin stretched over broad and hunched shoulders . 
 his neck was as thick as a tree trunk . 
 fixing the glow of his crimson eyes on them , he charged faster than she had ever seen anything move . 
 rhane distanced himself and the fury of gabriel 's attack away from kali . 
 the greyish blur corrected its course , slamming into him with bone breaking force . 
 repeated screams tore from her throat as the monster impaled rhane with its claws , lifting his body high overhead . 
 gabriel bayed and hurled rhane toward an outcropping of rocks . 
 he landed with a sickening thud , shuddered , and did not move again . 
 `` rhane ! '' 
 she screamed . 
 `` rhane ! '' 
 grief overcame her . 
 possessing her body from the inside out , it threatened to tear away her soul and leave her hollow . 
 the rocks were painted with blood . 
 rhane 's blood . 
 he raised his head . 
 weak but furious , his eyes met gabriel 's in challenge . 
 the monster was going to kill him . 
 and she was helpless to stop it . 
 kali dug her nails into the cold earth and watched gabriel close in on her guardian , her family ... her heart . 
 heat welled inside of her . 
 it took over , pouring into her body in a thick wave of anger and possession . 
 white-hot rage changed her into someone stronger , something better . 
 kali gave in to the pain , the hunger , and the urge to destroy . 
 she became the siren . 
 chapter 62 pain was everywhere , excruciating unbelievable pain . 
 it was pure agony to open his eyes against it , but rhane did , meeting gabriel 's bloodthirsty glare with hatred . 
 saliva poured excitedly from the creature 's snout , dripping down its fangs . 
 gabriel 's eyes were victorious . 
 he was about to kill the one thing standing between him and his prize . 
 rhane looked at kalista , lovely in all the chaos even as she cried and screamed like a madwoman . 
 again , he had failed . 
 what would become of her now ? 
 builders would move her to another child . 
 she would remain their captive . 
 or ... she would become gabriel 's . 
 rhane hated to think of it . 
 gabriel would turn kalista into a monster . 
 and his friends ... they were probably going to die . 
 another wave of nauseating pain tore through his body . 
 he set his teeth against it and willed himself not to cry out . 
 then it was gone . 
 at first , rhane thought gabriel had simply killed him . 
 but the fallen prime was frozen in place . 
 he focused his waning sight on kalista . 
 her raven hair flowed like silk in the wind , radiant by moonlight . 
 a grey haze had surrounded her form , rapidly expanding into an all-consuming fire . 
 tendrils snaked out to levitate her body into the air . 
 her face distorted beautifully , displaying anger and concentration as she held gabriel by the sheer force of her will . 
 the fire surrounding her grew bigger , increasing until it filled the clearing with its incandescence . 
 the ground rocked . 
 small tremors intensified until the earth shook with enough force to blur rhane 's already fading vision . 
 tiny freezing droplets of rain started to fall . 
 driven by a fierce wind , they stung his cheeks . 
 it was a firm reminder that he was still alive . 
 he looked at gabriel . 
 the beast had n't moved . 
 but the light from kalista vanished . 
 and suddenly , the flames were reborn ! 
 they erupted into a grey and black fireball with kalista at the heart of the shadows . 
 the flurry took on a new shape . 
 dark light funneled toward the heavens and then sank back to the earth , returning to the mistress who summoned it . 
 a pair of wings formed a silhouette of black fire . 
 the wings lengthened fully , and then folded protectively around kalista . 
 everything went soundless as the light exploded into a blinding wave of heat and power . 
 gabriel went hurtling into the trees . 
 he sailed through the air , pulverizing several lesser trees until a collision with a large pine stopped his trajectory . 
 he landed , stunned . 
 digging his claws into the earth , gabriel rolled to all fours . 
 red eyes glowering , he leveled a hungry gaze on kalista . 
 rhane felt the change begin . 
 his temperature spiked until it felt as if his very blood was boiling . 
 three bands of light blazed into his skin , encircling his wrist . 
 the same bright light glowed in the palm of his right hand . 
 the branding ... it was the mark of banewolf . 
 rhane threw back his head and let out a triumphant howl as his weaker form melted away , drawn inside the protection of a nearly indestructible war skin . 
 he was on all fours when he climbed down from the rocks . 
 a handsome blanket of milk white fur covered the colossal wolf hide . 
 banewolf had awakened . 
 rhane was whole again . 
 he was immortal . 
 the scent of gabriel 's fear was delicious in his highly attuned nose . 
 the wolf 's muscles bunched into a reserve of power , uncoiling in a fraction of a second to launch him from the rocks . 
 in three bounds , banewolf landed in front of gabriel 's crouching form . 
 with a raging snarl , he attacked . 
 teeth and claws shredded gabriel 's hide . 
 the wolf and the monster rolled , each one ripping and tearing at his enemy . 
 when they broke apart , gabriel lunged . 
 all twelve hundred pounds of disfigured flesh were aimed to crush the wolf . 
 the wolf yielded to the brutish impact . 
 and when the moment was right , iron-muscled hindquarters fired into action . 
 gabriel found himself careening through the air once more . 
 the earth shook when he landed , vibrations reaching the tops of the tallest trees . 
 gabriel was slow to get up , and did not attack . 
 banewolf smelled two more warekin closing in . 
 no doubt , gabriel smelled them too . 
 with one final , longing gaze , gabriel spoke to the white wolf . 
 it was a guttural sound , a rasping tremor that should not have formed in an animal 's throat . 
 we 'll meet again . 
 turning , he quickly disappeared into the night . 
 banewolf watched the retreat . 
 on the inside , rhane was clinging to consciousness . 
 somehow , kalista had forced the transformation . 
 but the fight was over . 
 the adrenaline was burned . 
 and rhane could barely stand . 
 collapsing heavily onto banewolf 's haunches , he lifted the wolf 's great head to see her . 
 her grey fire dulled to a warm glow . 
 the darkness consuming her eyes all but vanished . 
 the rain stopped . 
 her eyes closed . 
 kalista sank to her knees , and banewolf 's legs gave way . 
 rhane filled his eyes with the sight of his siren -- dark and beautiful and wild . 
 and then she , and everything else , was gone . 
 chapter 63 kali slowly came to . 
 someone 's head floated above hers . 
 and very odd eyes watched her with keen interest . 
 but for the blue irises and white lashes that surround them , the orbs could have belonged to rhane . 
 she sat up and immediately regretted it as a wave of dizziness threatened to make her puke . 
 the man who kneeled next to her did n't appear concerned . 
 his eyes were cold , harsh even . 
 for a split second , kali wondered if it was gabriel in human form . 
 her face must have expressed fear because the man spoke . 
 `` you have nothing to fear from me . '' 
 he turned to look over his shoulder . 
 kali tried to get to her feet , but only managed to reach her knees . 
 the gaze of burning ice found its way back to her . 
 she ignored the strange man . 
 she could only think of one person . 
 as if reading her thoughts , the stranger moved . 
 and kali saw him . 
 he was a motionless form on an earth saturated in red . 
 york , war , and orrin all stood nearby , not moving . 
 varying degrees of blame , anger , and disgust weighed in their expressions . 
 none of them would meet her eyes . 
 kali felt ashamed . 
 compared to them , the harsh stare of the white haired stranger was almost welcome . 
 `` my brother is dead , '' the stranger said . 
 kali felt something shatter inside of her . 
 something that would never return . 
 `` our laws demand justice for this loss . '' 
 he looked behind him again . 
 the others had not moved . 
 `` for his memory we will spare what he loved . 
 but you must run . '' 
 she stood up . 
 `` please ... let me stay with him . '' 
 rhane . 
 she could n't believe he was gone . 
 after everything . 
 she sobbed , but buried the wail of anguish that threatened to tear from her throat and never end . 
 the blue-eyed man rose in a flash of movement . 
 kali saw the sword in his hands , gleaming even in darkness . 
 the man 's eyes were n't just cold . 
 they were dead . 
 dead like rhane . 
 `` do not go home . 
 if we meet again , you will die . '' 
 he pointed to her father . 
 `` and greg will die . 
 your entire family will die . 
 go . 
 now . '' 
 she had no choice . 
 with one final glance at each of their stony faces ... kali turned and ran . 
 epilogue callan 's long body was stretched out on the supple leather of his white sofa . 
 he slept lightly with every thought and dream eventually drifting to kali . 
 he stirred as a chill entered the room , dropping the temperature steadily . 
 a shiver rippled through him . 
 cal awoke . 
 the cold air seemed to flow from the direction of the bedroom . 
 cal frowned . 
 he was certain he had n't left a window open . 
 rising from the couch warily , he crossed to the short hallway in darkness . 
 he had lived in the apartment for several years and knew the exact whereabouts of every piece of furniture and door-jamb , never so much as stubbing a toe in a two a.m. trip to the bathroom . 
 but as he entered his bedroom , cal hesitated . 
 something was n't right . 
 fine hairs at the back of his neck stood on end . 
 the window was open . 
 it explained the cold and the breeze , but cal was certain that something else was there . 
 something was inside the room with him . 
 he felt rather than saw it watching him from the corner , patient but hungrily waiting . 
 he considered reaching for the light but stopped . 
 `` i know you 're in here . 
 come out now , before i call the cops . '' 
 the darkness sighed in answer . 
 cal 's weak human eyes outlined the hunkered shape shifting slightly . 
 he swallowed the lump in his throat . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 the thing spoke . 
 cal reeled , stunned by the quality of its voice , like serrated knives against rough granite . 
 what do you want ? 
 summoned by the creature , images of kali poured into his mind . 
 her laughter , her body , and her lips appeared before him as clear as the day . 
 cal 's hands curled into fists . 
 `` do n't you dare go near her . '' 
 the images changed . 
 instead of kali , the thing in the darkness showed cal someone else . 
 it was the imposing stranger , the guy with the weird eyes who had taken away the girl he loved . 
 the shadow lured him closer . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 the creature 's answer grated into cal 's head . 
 have all you want and more . 
 i will give you her . 
 and i will give you power . 
 `` and what would i have to give you ? '' 
 gabriel stood , revealing himself . 
 his immense form filled the room . 
 both shoulders remained hunched , unable to straighten beneath the low ceiling . 
 a thin web of moonlight filtered in through the window , reflecting eerily upon his leathery grey hide . 
 cal was terrified . 
 but what the creature offered lessened his fear , appealing to some darkness in cal 's nature the boy had n't known existed . 
 he took another step . 
 the step put him closer to gabriel , too close to turn back . 
 `` i said ... what do i have to give you ? '' 
 it had gotten so cold . 
 cal 's breath came out in white puffs . 
 but he barely noticed . 
 the creature moved toward him , lowering its massive head to meet the boy 's face . 
 cal did n't flinch away . 
 gabriel finally answered . 
 your soul . 
 the end read on for an exclusive preview of banewolf the sequel to dark siren callan the psychiatrist held a chart in hand , trying hard not to let the subject see just how uneasy he was . 
 he was the professional , the doctor . 
 he was there to diagnose and provide treatment . 
 dr. graves could n't fulfill that duty if he were afraid . 
 `` this is your third session and we are well into another hour of complete silence . 
 i ca n't help you if you wo n't talk to me . '' 
 the young man sat impossibly still , staring directly over the doctor 's head to where the clock hung on the wall . 
 the only movement was the rise and fall of his chest . 
 `` mr. youngblood , you voluntarily entered counseling because you needed help to manage your temper . 
 mr. faust noted that you were afraid you might cause serious harm to your girlfriend or someone else . 
 he referred you to me only because he felt he did n't have the credentials to deal with your unique set of problems . 
 i assure you that i can help you . 
 but in order for me to do so , you must talk to me . '' 
 silence . 
 `` mr. youngblood , do you understand that you will not be able to return to school until i deem you mentally sound ? '' 
 a soft thunk from the clock signaled the passage of yet another minute . 
 dr. graves sighed . 
 this was no way to make progress . 
 he opened a soft chart , closed until that moment . 
 `` callan ... you prefer to be called cal . 
 since you have refused to contribute to your rehabilitation for the last three sessions , i took the liberty of pulling your file from children 's services . 
 before emancipating yourself at the age of sixteen , you underwent horrific abuse at the hands of your father . 
 would you care to talk about it ? '' 
 cal 's eyes gradually slid down the wall to sharpen onto dr. graves 's face . 
 encouraged by the response , the doctor continued . 
 `` from age one through fourteen , you suffered twenty fractures and four mild to moderate concussions . 
 you were a frequent bed wetter . 
 your last accident occurred when you were thirteen . 
 you commented here that your father made you sit in a freezing tub of water filled with chunks of ice for thirty minutes . 
 ` my limbs were frozen and blue when he finally let me out , ' you said . '' 
 he paused briefly . 
 `` your father was a very wealthy man . 
 he must have paid off a lot of people in order to keep you in his custody . '' 
 a wave of anger washed across cal 's features . 
 his fingers dug into the chair 's leather armrests . 
 that was good . 
 anger was something . 
 it was at least the emotion the boy had come to therapy to deal with . 
 `` tell me about the time he locked you in the closet for three days without food or water . 
 what were you being punished for ? '' 
 cal 's face smoothed into a sort of frightening calm . 
 he leaned forward . 
 blue eyes gazed steadily at dr. graves . 
 `` i will tell you another story , human . 
 one of power , betrayal and vengeance . 
 only then can your weak mind hope to understand my cause . 
 `` nine centuries ago , i learned the reality of my existence , the reason i and others like me had been created . 
 thought free men , we were truly pawns in a game reserved for those who believed themselves gods . 
 hundreds of my kin died in ignorance to correct a mistake not of our making . 
 i discovered the existence of a real monster , one with power unmatched by even those who made it . 
 division exists among them , these builders . '' 
 venom dripped from cal 's tongue as he pronounced the word . 
 `` division makes them weak . 
 they used us to fight their mistake , to protect their secret . 
 i acted to save my people from dying in a war that was not ours . 
 killing our makers was the only way to save us . 
 it is the only way to save us . '' 
 thrilled the subject had finally opened up , dr. graves started writing furiously . 
 delusions . 
 personality disorder . 
 paranoia . 
 schizophrenia . 
 he underlined the last word three times . 
 `` to fight these beings i needed the support of our armies . 
 but my brothers would not give them to me . 
 civil war started ... i regret causing it even to this day . '' 
 cal 's voice shook with bitterness , and his eyes dropped to the floor . 
 `` i lost something very precious to me . '' 
 in the silence , dr. graves looked up from his notepad . 
 `` please continue , cal . 
 this is progress . '' 
 `` after defeat , i was stripped of my position and accused of high treason , hunted like an animal for many years by my own people . 
 to builders , the knowledge i possessed was a crime worthy of the severest punishment . 
 they locked me in a tomb , taking away my ability to move , my ability to feel . 
 for nine hundred years , i was trapped inside a useless body , void of sight and sound , fully conscious with only thoughts of regret and revenge . 
 i became a very , very angry individual . '' 
 dr. graves quickly jotted `` transference '' on the paper . 
 `` what does the anger make you want to do , cal ? '' 
 `` it makes us want to kill . '' 
 the switch in reflexive pronouns made dr. graves raise a brow . 
 `` are there other voices inside your head speaking to you , cal ? '' 
 the young man chuckled . 
 it was a hollow , grating noise that ended in a hiss . 
 a chill slid up the doctor 's spine . 
 the same sort of behavior had been studied in serial killers -- charming , detached , and completely unstable . 
 dr. graves was all too aware his subject might have deeper issues than anyone realized . 
 `` we want to tell you something , doctor . 
 someone should know the truth . '' 
 cal 's voice echoed as though someone else was speaking alongside him , overlapping the same words . 
 `` and then you are going to fill out the document that allows callan youngblood to return to school . '' 
 `` i-i ca n't make that recommendation . '' 
 dr. graves tried not to wet his pants or faint when cal suddenly rose from the seat , crossing the room in a fraction of a second . 
 the face held mere centimeters from his had taken on animalistic features . 
 coarse patches of fur punctuated thick , leathered skin . 
 the boy 's eyes had changed from blue to red and glittered like rubies . 
 miserably failing in his first ambition , the doctor concentrated on not fainting . 
 `` w-what do you want to tell me ? '' 
 cal smiled . 
 even his teeth were no longer human in appearance . 
 `` it 's not the siren we 're after . '' 
 kalista resting her chin in one hand , kali drummed her pencil against the desk . 
 she was tackling her third make-up test for the day . 
 after nearly a month-long lapse in attendance , it was only greg 's good relationship with the school board that prevented her from automatically flunking the eleventh grade . 
 she was allowed to come back to regular classes and then spend every waking hour trying to catch up on the curriculum . 
 to fail would mean an entire summer trapped within the buttercream painted cement walls of summer school . 
 that just was n't an option . 
 okay , focus , she told herself for the hundredth time . 
 it was one quiz . 
 ten questions to cover the highlights of last week 's biology lessons . 
 twenty minutes in and kali had only completed the first question . 
 and she was n't even one hundred percent sure ` c ' was the right answer . 
 `` ms. metts , have you completed the quiz yet ? '' 
 her head jerked up at the sound of mr. pile 's voice . 
 clearing her throat , she looked at the paper again . 
 `` almost , '' she said . 
 kali was actually still on question one . 
 she was about to fail the quiz with epic proportions . 
 randomly circling a bunch of answers until she reached the last question , she paused to read number ten again . 
 maybe she could get two answers right and at least achieve a twenty . 
 aim high . 
 why are diseases caused by ustilago called smuts ? 
 a. the mycelium is black in color . 
 b. they turn affected parts completely black . 
 c. they develop sooty masses of spores . 
 kali snickered . 
 she could n't take the question seriously because it included the words `` smut '' and `` disease '' in the same sentence . 
 covering her mouth , she stifled another giggle . 
 mr. pile frowned . 
 kali wrote in d. it makes the infected corn perform explicitly in a sexual manner . 
 then she circled c , gathered her books and turned the test in to the biology teacher . 
 mr. pile considered the answers over the rim of his glasses . 
 seconds later , the page had seven red marks . 
 he scribbled thirty-five at the top of the quiz , circled the number , and handed it back to kali . 
 `` what 's the extra five points for ? '' 
 his expression was humorless . 
 `` i gave you credit for creativity on number ten . 
 i 'll see you after school on friday , ms. metts . 
 you 've clearly wasted my time today , so i will take pleasure in wasting a bit of your weekend in return . '' 
 `` since when are teachers allowed to give detention for failing a stupid quiz ? '' 
 mr. pile ripped off another slip of paper and gave it to kali . 
 `` disrupting class '' was scribbled at the top . 
 a tight smile played at the corners of his mouth . 
 `` you and i know the true reason . 
 you are dismissed . '' 
 `` thanks , '' kali said , muttering , `` for nothing , '' under her breath . 
 stepping outside of the classroom , she heard a familiar voice . 
 it sent a shiver up her spine and into the base of her skull . 
 `` hello , kalista . '' 
 callan leaned against the wall in a dark colored military jacket with mock service stripes on each sleeve . 
 his blue eyes took their time to slowly graze over her . 
 feeling somewhat unsettled , kali watched the boy in front of her as closely as he watched her . 
 something was terribly wrong about him . 
 blinking rapidly , she licked her lips . 
 only on the second attempt did her mouth succeed in uttering the conclusion her brain had reached . 
 `` you 're not cal . 
 are you ? '' 
 he shook his head and smiled . 
 the expression was quite frightening . 
 `` no . '' 
 she took a step away from him and then another . 
 `` cal '' pulled away from the wall and followed . 
 `` please , '' he said . 
 the eerie smile had n't left his face . 
 `` stay . '' 
 `` no . 
 you stay ... away from me . '' 
 `` darkesong . '' 
 the longing with which he 'd said the name clung to kali as she ran away , echoing in a haunting chorus to the sound of her footsteps . 
 kalista after seeing the cal who was n't cal , kali 's mind was far too harried to focus on class . 
 skipping the last block of the day , she went to the swimming pool and sat at the bottom for a long time . 
 her eyes were closed . 
 her body was motionless . 
 the pressure of the water became a loving caress , helping to relax everything except her mind . 
 those anxious thoughts just would n't let go . 
 even with all rhane had revealed , the past remained hidden like it had never existed . 
 how could she have ever forgotten rhane ? 
 what kind of mother forgot her child ? 
 but you did n't forget . 
 they were taken . 
 that was right . 
 an entire lifetime ... taken . 
 and it was n't just her life with rhane . 
 kali had lived well over a dozen lives in stolen human bodies . 
 yet she could n't remember a single one of them . 
 each of those little girls had been stripped from the arms of a family who loved them , only to be replaced by a soul-sucking , fire-setting siren . 
 and for what reason ? 
 kali took a breath and then another , but not with her lungs . 
 her skin absorbed oxygen from the water and exchanged it for carbon dioxide waste in her blood . 
 the process did n't come automatically . 
 it took a lot of focus to make underwater breathing happen . 
 in her few weeks on the lam , she 'd discovered this new talent . 
 and it had proved very useful , practically allowing her to live in water . 
 holding her breath was certainly easier , but that came with time limits . 
 after twenty minutes , she had to surface . 
 kali was determined to master underwater breathing . 
 concentrating on the task left her brain severely limited in the number of other things it could worry about . 
 and that was a plus . 
 feeling the faintest tremble in the water , she opened her eyes . 
 the lights were flickering . 
 after a few cycles of an ebbing and surging glow , they went out completely . 
 she tried not to panic in the darkness , expecting the underwater lighting to illuminate soon . 
 but instead , there came a muted thud . 
 all of the lights suddenly flooded the pool arena . 
 and kali screamed . 
 bodies were everywhere . 
 hundreds of them littered the swimming pool floor . 
 parts of their skin were burned . 
 charred chunks broke apart from decaying flesh . 
 tentacles of black liquid snaked into the water . 
 the body of a child rose up , a bloated mass set adrift in a nonexistent current . 
 kali stared into the film of the corpse 's dead eyes with absolute horror . 
 black hair floated around his head in a dark halo of death . 
 even with blanched , greying and puckered skin , kali saw in the child a startling resemblance to rhane . 
 bubbles spurted from her mouth as she screamed again . 
 she kicked hard , trying to get as far away from the corpse as fast as she could . 
 when her back slammed into solid concrete , she turned to scramble up the pool wall . 
 fingers slipping on the wet ledge , she finally managed to pull herself out and flop onto her stomach . 
 trembling with a dozen more screams welled up inside , kali shook with the effort of not releasing them . 
 pushing to her feet , she looked down into the water , needing desperately to believe she was not going crazy . 
 there were no dead people . 
 there was no dead boy . 
 the pool was empty . 
 # icy water pounded from the showerhead , streaming into her eyes as it washed the chlorine from her body . 
 all kali could see was the boy . 
 his lifeless face floating before hers , dark and grey and distorted in death . 
 it took both hands to smother her sobs . 
 she could n't understand what was happening . 
 was it possible that the vision was a real memory like the nightmares of the horseman had been real memories ? 
 if so , it was likely the boy in the pool was the child she and rhane had lost . 
 was he rhaven ? 
 the lights in the shower room flickered and went out just as they had in the pool auditorium . 
 her breath caught in her chest as she waited for what would happen next . 
 she did n't have to wait long . 
 `` kalista , '' a male voice sighed into the darkness . 
 she backed away . 
 she was naked and blind . 
 and in the shower was a stranger who probably meant her harm . 
 the vulnerable state made kali 's movements very clumsy . 
 `` darkesong . '' 
 this time the voice was closer . 
 so close , she could feel the whisper against her skin . 
 she knew it was the thing pretending to be cal . 
 kali bit her lip . 
 she was too frightened to scream . 
 but screaming would n't have helped anyway . 
 at first , his touch was light . 
 kali reacted , flinching away violently . 
 then `` cal '' grabbed her . 
 he was an irresistible force shoving her against the wet shower wall . 
 his hard body pressed against hers . 
 the heat from him completely dispelled the cold that fell around them . 
 kali felt his face against her skin . 
 his hot breath steamed next to her cheek . 
 `` do n't , '' she whispered . 
 strong fingers slipped around her throat , but their hold was gentle . 
 the lights partially returned , and she could see him . 
 physically , everything was the same ... except for the eyes . 
 gone was the shocking blue of cal 's stormy stare . 
 in its place were two red orbs that reflected abnormally in the dim light . 
 she would have recognized those eyes anywhere . 
 `` gabriel . '' 
 he nodded . 
 his body still had her pinned . 
 his right hand grasped her throat , while the other rested idly against the wall . 
 she waited for him to say or do something , but he did n't . 
 nothing happened . 
 open malice and rage emanated from gabriel 's still form , but kali was n't entirely sure those emotions were aimed at her . 
 she inhaled a shaky breath . 
 the action squashed her breasts against his chest . 
 `` what did you do to cal ? '' 
 another unnerving smile slashed his face . 
 `` he 's still here . '' 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 pressing his nose into the curve of her neck , gabriel inhaled a dramatic whiff of her scent . 
 trembling , kali tried to push away , wedging her body painfully into the wall . 
 when gabriel 's left hand moved , she went rigid . 
 but the hand never touched her . 
 it hovered next to her head , holding a tiny yellow stone . 
 `` i want to help you remember . '' 
 the events that followed would remain a blur of varying shades of grey darkness for some time . 
 when kali came to , she was standing in the rain , completely drenched . 
 rhane stood in front her , lips moving soundlessly as he shouted , the words swept away by an unforgiving wind . 
 she had never seen his eyes so black or so deadly focused as he leveled a gun directly over her heart . 
 author bio born and raised in a small sunny town in south carolina , eden thinks that thunderstorms are really inspiring . 
 there are few things she loves more than curling up with a good book and a cup of coffee on a rainy day , -lrb- except maybe chocolate cake . 
 she loves cake . -rrb- 
 often reading into the wee hours of morning when something really grabs her . 
 dark siren is her first novel . 
 do n't miss the reunion . 
 get the thrilling sequel , banewolf , november 2013 . 
 if you loved dark siren , like eden ashley on facebook to get the latest news on dark siren and the upcoming sequels : https://www.facebook.com/edenashleyauthor aspiring writer ? 
 follow eden ashley on twitter : eden_bynite , for writing tips , publishing help , and daily updates . 
