 seventh mark part 1 hidden secrets saga book i by w. j. may copyright 2013 by w.j. may smashwords edition this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase and additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 all rights reserved . 
 no part of this publication may be reproduced , stored in or introduced into a retrieval system , or transmitted , in any form , or by any means -lrb- electronic , mechanical , photocopying , recording , or otherwise -rrb- without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book . 
 this is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , places , brands , media , and incidents are either the product of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously . 
 any resemblance to actual person , living or dead , events , or locales is entirely coincidental . 
 the author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction , which have been used without permission . 
 the publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized , associated with , or sponsored by the trademark owners . 
 all rights reserved . 
 copyright 2013 by w.j. may cover design by chrissy peebles no part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission , except in the case of brief quotations embodied in articles and reviews . 
 website : http://www.wanitamay.yolasite.com cover design by : chrissy peebles edits by : regina mitchell the hidden secrets saga book i + ii -- seventh mark book trailer : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-_vvyc1gvo book ii -- pride and passion coming january 2014 acknowledgments to my husband and kids -- love you and all our crazy ways . 
 i would n't change it for anything ! 
 proper thanks -- with jumping up and down cheering , waving hands and shouting at the top of my lungs needs to be sent out to : chrissy peebles , for being such a great writing buddy and always available and willing to help . 
 thank for you for pushing met to get this story out , i 'd have never done it without you . 
 regina mitchell , a lovely editor who i have no idea how she finds the time to edit so fast . 
 patrick griffith , who blows my mind with his talent on creating covers . 
 double thank you ! 
 and above all else , to my lord and saviour who gave me this wild imagination . 
 chapter 1 ear buds stuffed in , i cranked the volume on my ipod and clicked my exercise shuffle . 
 i jogged down the gravel driveway and turned to follow the last bit of sunset . 
 if only i could draw or paint ... crossing an intersection , i headed left and let my legs carry me away from the small houses , run-down yards , cracked door screens and broken-down cars into a block of bigger houses . 
 the lawns rolled further away from the sidewalk and the houses grew farther apart . 
 maybe one day i 'll buy a place like this . 
 i snorted at the thought . 
 even though i 'd never admit it to anyone , a part of me is cursed . 
 like poison running through my veins , i 've always believed it would catch up with me . 
 i did n't know the whys or hows , but deep down it seemed inevitable . 
 except now fate intervened , and for once in my life , thank goodness . 
 if it had n't , i would n't be here , in this awesome place on the other side of the country . 
 the whole curse thing was probably just in my head . 
 i gazed straight in front , between the old giant trees lining the roads . 
 the jagged pink and white peaks reflected snow from the remains of the setting sun made me appreciate the beauty of nature . 
 west coast , oh yeah ! 
 i smiled , unable to keep the giddiness inside . 
 i 'd lived all my life in niagara falls , but this -- words could n't begin to describe this beauty . 
 inhaling real fresh pine scent , not the kind from cleaning agents from the past two days , i savoured the moment . 
 if family and children services had n't approved jim and sally 's request , i would n't be seeing real mountains for the first time . 
 as quick as the bubble came up , it burst . 
 next january i 'd be eighteen and no longer at the benefit of the government . 
 jim and sally were decent foster parents , but they also made it clear they could n't afford to help me with college . 
 i quickened my pace . 
 i did n't want to think about where i might be in a year . 
 you 'll be on your own ... no family . 
 nothing . 
 unwanted again . 
 the imaginary little devil on my left shoulder laughed at me . 
 music shouted in my ear , `` you 're supposed to be alone . 
 alone ... lone ... lone ... '' i glanced at my left shoulder and pretended to flick the imaginary devil off , nearly crashing into the old high-stoned wall lining the neighborhood . 
 regaining my balance and focus , i pulled the ipod out of my pocket and skipped to the next song . 
 street lights flickered on . 
 my eyes had grown accustomed to the darkness without even letting my brain know . 
 i should turn around before it 's completely black . 
 did n't want to be out on my own when i barely knew the area . 
 a gap ahead in the high wall caught my attention . 
 curiosity won . 
 instead of heading back , i pushed forward . 
 a public park entrance came into view . 
 heavy black iron gates led me onto a smooth paved entrance . 
 a large raised garden split the road in two . 
 a plaque set into the garden 's stone wall made me smile . 
 end of an era . 
 from the raised stones peeking behind the garden flowers , this was a cemetery , not a park . 
 the owner obviously had a sense of humor along with the desire to create one of those resting places with a welcome . 
 a twenty-something looking woman whizzed by on roller blades , waving as she passed . 
 the pathways were lit up with those new solar green energy lights . 
 i took the first lane along the outer border and slowed my pace . 
 the tall slate and marble gravestones were erected on the left side with an ancient forest lining the right . 
 as i jogged , i passed through a part of the cemetery that must 've been the original lot with worn-down , ancient-looking stones . 
 i paused or weaved between the stones to read the odd one : `` 1886 john hartzel -- 18 years of age , 1892 patrick o’reilly -- died too young , tammy fortune 1802 -1822 . '' 
 what 's with this place ? 
 ca n't come here if you 're over thirty ? 
 squinting , i jogged closer to a raised tombstone with a concrete angel resting on top . 
 using my hand , which carried my ipod , i rested it on the corner of the stone to steady myself . 
 i leaned forward for a better look at the inscription . 
 poor thing , same age as the others . 
 i straightened and pushed off to finish my run . 
 the cord from my ipod snagged the angel 's head , yanking the buds from my ears -- the ipod went flying from my hand . 
 `` crap ! '' 
 i skidded to a stop on the damp grass and used my palms to hug my ears . 
 it hurt like a bitch . 
 i glanced up at the stone figurine and grimaced . 
 imagine trying to decapitate an angel . 
 people were probably rolling in their graves right now . 
 double crap ! 
 my ipod . 
 it better not be busted . 
 night had fully descended , which did n't work in my favor . 
 i got down on my knees and began groping in the dark , futilely trying to scan the grass . 
 the little solar lights were useless . 
 `` of course , i had to buy the black case , '' i mumbled and shook my head as i crawled to check under a nearby bench . 
 cobwebs caressed my face , which had me doing a karate twitch dance as i tried to knock off any possible spiders and remove the webs . 
 a twig snapped , followed by a muffled laugh . 
 i froze , waiting , tense , my head cocked to the side . 
 it was dead quiet . 
 as it should be in a cemetery . 
 no noise . 
 not a sound . 
 `` dummy . '' 
 i got out from under the bench , sat up and brushed off my sweatshirt . 
 it 'd taken months to save for the ipod . 
 i dropped down to search again clawing at chunks of grass . 
 i 'm not leaving till i find it , even if i have to swallow some hairy , icky spiders . 
 `` you lose something ? '' 
 a low , gruff voice broke through the dark . 
 `` or are you digging your own grave ? '' 
 chapter 2 my heart leapt to my throat . 
 i smacked my head on the bottom of the bench . 
 `` flippin ' heck ! '' 
 i scrambled back , rubbing the sore spot , paranoid about how high my butt hung in the air . 
 my luck , it was probably some graveyard rapist . 
 the stranger said nothing . 
 all i could see was the outline of a pair of dark with white converse sneakers . 
 i noisily sucked in a rapid breath , not realizing i 'd held it . 
 `` sorry , '' the husky male voice said , sounding amused . 
 `` i did n't mean to startle you . 
 this probably is n't the best place to sneak up on someone . '' 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` are you looking for something ? '' 
 his voice turned soft , but masculine . 
 not the kind of voice you expected to hear in a cemetery . 
 then again , what kind of voice would one expect to hear ? 
 i glanced up then fell back on my butt . 
 a boy standing a few feet away from me definitely did n't belong in a cemetery . 
 too tanned , too blond , too ... wow , hot . 
 very tall , especially from where i sat on the ground . 
 i had to make an effort to drag my eyes away from his face . 
 even in the dark , his blue eyes flashed against the moonlight . 
 he had the blondest hair i 'd ever seen , like a viking 's . 
 not a psycho or kidnapper , just a kid like me . 
 i relaxed and stood , brushing my shorts . 
 why are you in the cemetery ? 
 i did n't bother to ask . 
 he probably wondered the same about me . 
 with my luck , he 'd just visited his girlfriend 's tombstone . 
 man , i 'm awful . 
 i quickly shut my mouth , which hung open . 
 coughing , i spoke a little too loudly . 
 `` i-i lost my ipod . '' 
 another chuckle erupted from his lips , sounding like it belonged in the movies . 
 hollywood-boy walked around me and behind the upright stone angel . 
 he bent down behind it and pulled a long , white string . 
 my eyes widened and for a split second i thought about running . 
 what did he plan on doing ? 
 strangling me ? 
 then it dawned on me , the white string belonged to my ear buds . 
 a sure sign when the ipod followed along , like a fish on a line . 
 the wind caught behind me and blew escaped ponytail hair into my face . 
 irritated , i brushed it away from my eyes . 
 he paused before turning back around . 
 `` it smells ... '' he inhaled `` ... like liquorice . '' 
 i sniffed . 
 `` it smells like dead people . 
 well , like damp grass . '' 
 the lawn looked to have been cut a couple of days ago . 
 clumps of old grass lay under the cement bench , emitting a rotten smell like old cheese . 
 he straightened and flashed a smile , his teeth bright against the dark of night . 
 `` you 're not from around here , are you ? '' 
 he held out my ipod and dropped it onto my outstretched hand . 
 `` got here yesterday . '' 
 i stuffed the ipod in my pocket . 
 `` thanks . 
 i 'm rouge . '' 
 an eyebrow disappeared behind his hair . 
 `` michael . '' 
 he grinned and held out his hand which i shook lightly . 
 pleasantly cool . 
 they 'd feel good on my cheeks which are freakin ' burning right now . 
 that thought made them flame even more . 
 `` the ipod did n't manage to pull your ears off ? '' 
 `` you caught that ? '' 
 now i wanted to crawl into one of the graves . 
 `` i rounded the bend ... '' he pointed in the opposite direction from where i 'd come , `` ... when i noticed you trying to decapitate this poor angel here . '' 
 he patted the figure . 
 i sensed a smile in his voice . 
 he cleared his throat and took a step back . 
 `` what 're you doing in the cemetery ? '' 
 i blurted , unable to hide my curiosity . 
 `` taking a break . '' 
 he grinned like he 'd made a joke . 
 `` are you going to continue your run ? '' 
 he shifted like he was surprised he had asked the question . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` otherwise i can walk with you to the main road . '' 
 `` i think it 's safer if i walk . '' 
 we started towards the main road . 
 `` do you live around here ? '' 
 i grimaced at the needy sound in my voice . 
 `` not too far . '' 
 `` my place is that way . '' 
 i pointed to the left . 
 `` i 'm that way . '' 
 he nodded in the other direction . 
 we continued in silence while i wracked my brain trying to come up with something witty to say . 
 `` well , maybe i 'll see you around . '' 
 i stared at my runners . 
 brilliant , rouge . 
 brilliant . 
 `` welcome to port coquitlam , rouge . '' 
 he started off without a glance back . 
 i stood admiring his ... could jeans really fit that perfect on a rear end ? 
 i forced my eyes away . 
 `` he 's a guy , not a god . '' 
 my gaze flicked back when a low , bouncy noise sounded . 
 did he just laugh ? 
 his pace never slowed nor did he turn around . 
 i started slowly jogging home . 
 my heart stuttered and flopped against my chest . 
 i did n't know if it came from the near fright or the closeness of the very hot boy . 
 michael was on my mind that night and again when i woke the next morning . 
 where did he live ? 
 would he be at school ? 
 he seemed so cool and together . 
 usually i avoided guys in general , and if one did catch my eye , dark-hair , brown eyes and brooding were the prerequisite . 
 the next evening , i jogged to the cemetery , grinning when i passed the angel , and gave her a wink . 
 then i headed north , the way michael had gone when he left last night . 
 what were the chances i 'd actually find his street , let alone his house ? 
 i stopped mid-street and turned to walk home -- stalker was n't one of my personality traits . 
 friday morning i could n't stand it anymore . 
 i had to get out of jim and sally 's house to escape and clear my thoughts . 
 they 'd been bickering non stop about fixing the house , sally 's job , jim 's lack of a job and anything else which seemed to pop into their heads . 
 through the grey clouds , the air hung heavy with a cool breeze hinting at an end-of-summer storm . 
 the sun kept trying to poke its way through the dark . 
 as i headed out the front door , i grabbed a baseball cap in case it rained and walked towards the high school . 
 figuring out where a few of my classes were would save wandering the halls next week . 
 the limestone near the front entrance of the high school had 1922 imprinted on it . 
 the buildings were created with copper red brick throughout and had large windows on both floors . 
 the school might be small , but its structure was unique . 
 an architectural plaque , showing the school 's layout , hung plastered into the brick . 
 in the center lay a courtyard , like that of an old castle . 
 the very posh building and grounds reminded me of the kind of boarding schools in movies or books . 
 it made me nervous . 
 i had n't fit into the big high school back in niagara falls . 
 what were the chances i 'd fit in here , a small school ? 
 i kicked a pebble on the sidewalk . 
 it was only one year , so it did n't really matter what happened . 
 i just needed to keep up my grades to score some sort of scholarship . 
 thank goodness school came easy -- science , math , even english -- just do n't put me in choir or art , and i 'd be fine . 
 running up the wide steps , i made my way inside the building . 
 the school secretary was busy printing off papers and stuffing them into envelopes . 
 she glanced up as the office door creaked . 
 she wore a frilly dress that matched her horn-rimmed glasses . 
 she might have been here when the school first opened . 
 she smiled and walked towards the front counter . 
 `` you must be rouge riding . 
 welcome to port q high . 
 i 'm ms. graid . '' 
 `` it 's rouge , like row with a ` g ' sound at the end . 
 spelled r-o-u-g-e ; like the way the french spells red . '' 
 one day , i 'd shake the crap out of the person who named me . 
 i smiled . 
 `` my last name 's actually rid-ding . 
 just spelled like your driving in a car . '' 
 someone had a good laugh writing my birth certificate . 
 `` i thought i should come by before school started to make sure all my transcripts came through . '' 
 `` just printed off your schedule . '' 
 she chirped like a bird . 
 those glasses gave her owl eyes and did n't flatter her round face . 
 `` you do n't have any free time this semester , but from the looks of your grades , you wo n't have a problem . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i took the papers she held out and glanced over the schedule . 
 ms. graid handed me a map of the school , with my classes numbered and highlighted . 
 this woman had too much time on her hands . 
 she 'd organized and color coordinated my class schedule with additional highlighting and smiley faces . 
 i made a mental note to memorize the map before i got caught holding it when school started . 
 `` thanks again . '' 
 i smiled . 
 i was sure she meant well . 
 `` be sure and check in any time . 
 i 'm always here to help . '' 
 she hummed some ancient , classical-sounding tune as she returned to stuffing envelopes . 
 i walked out of the office and decided to follow her little map around the school while it was empty . 
 it did n't take long to find my way around ; the setup of the small building was very basic . 
 i loved the outdoor courtyard in the center . 
 every surrounding classroom had a view of it . 
 stuffing the map in my backpack , i headed down a flight of stairs to make my way to the front entrance . 
 as i passed the front office , a pretty , petite girl walked out . 
 i did n't mean to but i could n't help staring . 
 she reminded me of someone . 
 i could n't place who . 
 she had gorgeous blonde hair , long and in a million braids . 
 her eye color made me think of niagara falls . 
 they were bright on her bronzed face . 
 this girl ... definitely one of the popular ones . 
 `` you new ? '' 
 her gaze roamed me up and down . 
 i nodded . 
 her voice had a tone of confidence mine would never have . 
 she linked her arm through mine and steered me towards the exit . 
 `` i drove here . ' 
 bout time someone new showed up . '' 
 her leg kicked out and she tapped the handicap button by the front doors , letting the door open automatically . 
 `` i 'm grace and we need something fun for saturday . '' 
 `` fun ? 
 saturday ? '' 
 i tried scratching my head . 
 however , being tugged at an almost sprinting speed , i only managed to tug my fingers through my curly hair . 
 i kind of liked her free spirit and crazy pushiness . 
 who would n't be curious if this girl was nuts or actually fun ? 
 `` i forgot . 
 you do n't know anything yet . '' 
 a cascade of laughter erupted from her . 
 `` sorry . 
 the senior class has a party the weekend before school starts . 
 you 'll come , right ? '' 
 it was n't like my plans were laid out for the weekend . 
 i might get to see michael if he attended the high school . 
 except , in the few moments i spent with him , he seemed older somehow . 
 grace was like one giant fireball of energy . 
 someone who chattered , so i would n't have to . 
 `` sure . 
 sounds nice . '' 
 her vice-grip on my arm released when we came to the world 's tiniest car . 
 `` it 's a smart car . 
 awesome , is n't it ? '' 
 grace patted the bonnet . 
 i pointed my finger at a pair of pink fuzzy dice hanging off the mirror . 
 `` i think they 're bigger than your car . '' 
 grinning , grace unlocked the doors . 
 `` my brother got those for me . '' 
 she rolled her eyes but patted the dice affectionately . 
 `` oh shoot , i did n't even ask . '' 
 she smacked her head . 
 `` do you need to stop by your place before we head to the mall ? '' 
 `` probably a good idea . '' 
 a change of clothes seemed required . 
 i felt underdressed . 
 i did n't have loads of money , but it would n't hurt to check out the mall . 
 grace zoomed out of the school lot and headed in the direction i pointed . 
 she swung the little car on my street and then slammed on the brakes right in front of the house . 
 freaky , as i 'd only pointed and never said the house number . 
 she jumped out of the car faster than i could get my seat belt off . 
 i stepped out and pulled at my shirt , not in a rush to go inside . 
 grace just seemed a lot classier than my dilapidated house . 
 `` i , uh , live here with my foster folks ... '' `` no way ! 
 my brother and i are adopted . 
 i totally know the feeling . '' 
 she smiled . 
 the sympathy in her eyes too much for me . 
 `` maybe similar , but trust me , it 's completely different . '' 
 i pulled out my house key . 
 `` i get the feeling your folks are pretty well off . 
 jim and sally are , well ... they just are ... they work hard , but ... '' not knowing what else to say , i turned and headed towards the front porch . 
 the neighborhood and house spoke better than i could . 
 grace followed on my heels , but i did n't miss the funny look on her face . 
 when i opened the front door , she pinched her nose . 
 her face screwed up tight . 
 `` sorry . 
 it 's bleach . 
 we 've been cleaning and painting . '' 
 she coughed , politely covering her mouth and dropping all expression from her face . 
 `` it 's fine . 
 it just caught me by surprise . '' 
 she glanced around . 
 `` the place is , uh , cute . '' 
 jim lay on the couch watching tv in dirty jogging pants and a paint-stained shirt , one of those ugly wife-beater tank tops . 
 he lowered the volume with the remote and waved before looking over . 
 then his thumb hit the wrong button and channels started flickering past when he noticed grace . 
 obviously at a loss for words , jim sat up , his mouth hanging open . 
 in the past three years , i 'd never brought anyone home , and grace was probably the prettiest thing he 'd ever come in contact with . 
 `` my room 's upstairs , '' i mumbled . 
 `` hu-llo there . '' 
 a weird smile crossed his face as he stared at her . 
 is he actually trying to flirt with her ? 
 gag ! 
 any minute he 'd be salivating like a dog -- all i needed was a bell . 
 i grabbed her wrist and pulled her towards my room . 
 her eyes were wide and bright blue . 
 she did n't say anything , but as soon as we got into my room , she went straight to my open window and took a few deep breaths . 
 `` sorry ' bout that . '' 
 my cheeks refused to stop burning . 
 i grabbed my black miniskirt and threw a turquoise shirt over my white tank top . 
 pulling my pony holder out , i shook my tangles out , ran a finger through my hair and then clipped a small barrette to hold most of my bangs away from my face . 
 far from stunning , but at least it looked decent . 
 thank goodness jim was absent from the living room when we left . 
 hopefully to shower and change . 
 two steps outside , i started laughing . 
 grace stared at me , one eyebrow raised . 
 `` sorry . 
 i just was n't expecting ... i do n't know what i expected . '' 
 `` not taken personally . '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` he 's never acted like that before . 
 he 's harmless , honest . '' 
 at least she had n't taken off running . 
 if she could handle that , she was definitely friend-worthy . 
 both giggling , we got into her car . 
 `` how did you end up with them ? '' 
 `` i did n't have much of a choice . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` the system kept me stuck inside it . 
 i got bounced around a lot back in niagara falls , and when i landed with jim and sally ... i 've been with them through most of high school and when sally got the job transfer , she an ' jim asked if i wanted to come with them . 
 i said yes . 
 i have to stay until i graduate . '' 
 i tried not to let my frustration and disappointment leak into my words . 
 `` i never got adopted . 
 it supposedly took the system forever to try and locate either of my parents , which they never did , and by the time they stopped searching , i was n't the newbie baby parents wanted to adopt . '' 
 i absently stared out the window as we drove . 
 why did i just tell grace my sob story ? 
 it 'd never been a self-pity point for me and i turned eighteen in january , so it would n't matter much longer . 
 `` screw shopping . 
 do you want to come over to my place and watch a movie instead ? '' 
 she swung the little car around , doing a one eighty . 
 `` we can dig through my closet and find something for each of us . '' 
 we passed end of an era cemetery . 
 i held my breath , something i 'd always done as a kid whenever i drove by one . 
 michael crossed my mind . 
 i quickly pushed him out . 
 `` sounds good . '' 
 my breathing resumed as the car travelled by houses and left the cemetery behind . 
 the road became more hilly , the houses sparse . 
 grace made a sharp turn , the little wheels squealing in protest . 
 the long driveway lay between luscious green grass and red maple trees with the biggest leaves i 'd ever seen . 
 house was n't the right word to describe where she lived . 
 church or castle seemed more fitting . 
 built out of limestone with beautiful architectural detail , there were unique carvings in the bricks . 
 gorgeous . 
 it took my breath away . 
 grace mumbled something i did n't hear . 
 she parked her car between a dark blue mustang and a black mondeo . 
 a sudden wave of nervousness flushed through my veins . 
 some weird urge to jump out of the car and run nagged at my insides . 
 chewing my pinkie fingernail , i tried to squash the jitters . 
 why in the world did it feel like i was n't supposed to be here ? 
 chapter 3 `` are you coming ? '' 
 grace held my door open as she peered in the little car . 
 her forehead creased then quickly disappeared when she smiled . 
 `` caleb 's a bit dramatic . '' 
 she laughed at some private joke as i stepped out . 
 i frowned . 
 `` caleb ? '' 
 `` yeah ... yeah , my adoptive father . '' 
 she gave her head a slight shake , her hair sparkling in the porch light 's reflection against the now growing darkness outside . 
 the sun must have given up trying to get through the clouds , and called it an early night . 
 `` there 's a royal air about him . 
 it 's hard to explain . 
 you 'll see when you meet him . '' 
 `` air ? '' 
 `` bad joke . '' 
 she giggled . 
 `` i meant h-e-i-r , like he pretends to be a king . '' 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` he designed the house . '' 
 i did n't get the joke , but i 'd never been great with parents or any adults . 
 probably why part of me wanted to stay outside . 
 another part begged to step inside and find the peace this place had to offer . 
 the front steps led to large wooden doors with multi-colored stained glass insets . 
 grace pushed one open and ushered me in . 
 `` my room 's upstairs . 
 let 's check out what i 've got to wear for saturday . '' 
 she kicked off her ballet flats and started up the stairs , turning to wait for me . 
 the place screamed rich . 
 i bet old money since everything looked antique . 
 grace said caleb built it , but the house seemed from before this century . 
 maybe the guy dug reproductive stuff and had it all done to look ancient -- like the stuff belonged in a palace somewhere . 
 the cool windows probably made rainbows on the walls . 
 they ran all the way to the second floor with an open concept view . 
 a great room . 
 i remembered studying it in an architecture class at my old high school . 
 grace led the way up the winding staircase to the first door on the left . 
 why am i so comfortable around her ? 
 like i 've known her forever and yet we 've barely just met . 
 grace chattered at the top of the stairs , `` i know what it 's like to be the new kid . 
 if i 'd had someone to show me around , it would 've made things a lot easier . '' 
 her massive room had a king-size bed and four matching dressers , everything painted with bright and fresh colors . 
 stepping into her closet , i barely made it two feet . 
 it was easily three times the size of my bedroom . 
 hundreds of clothes dangled on hangers , organized by color and type . 
 dresses hung on one side , skirts , pants , tops and blouses on the other . 
 massive shelves , with more shoes than i dared count , climbed to the ceiling . 
 `` maybe you need to seek professional help . '' 
 i laughed , setting my bag on one of the shelves . 
 `` too bad you 're so tiny , or i 'd borrow a third of your clothes . 
 you would n't even notice them missing ! '' 
 grace bounced up and down , like an elegant ballet dancer . 
 `` tiny ? 
 that 's your polite way of saying i 'm short ? 
 ha ! '' 
 she grinned . 
 `` you 're just tall . 
 everything 'll fit but my pants . '' 
 she twirled around the closet . 
 `` sleep over on saturday . 
 we can get to know each other . 
 it 'll be fun . '' 
 her face looked so hopeful . 
 even with the weird nagging feeling still pulling at my gut , i could n't say no . 
 `` twist my ar -- '' i stopped mid-sentence when her door flew open . 
 `` gracey . 
 you smell something ? 
 i smelled it all the way down -- '' my heart stuttered a few beats before racing out of control . 
 there , in the closet door frame , stood michael . 
 his head whipped from grace to me . 
 heat rose on my face . 
 i dropped my gaze to my hands . 
 grace 's brother . 
 it suddenly felt like i 'd unconsciously used her to find him . 
 they looked exactly alike . 
 why did n't i put it together sooner ? 
 grace ran over to him . 
 `` michael , knock before coming in . 
 i tell you that all the time . '' 
 `` no you do n't . 
 it 's nev -- '' `` this is rouge . '' 
 she rubbed her neck . 
 `` she 's new . 
 a senior at port q. '' `` hello . '' 
 his voice made me melt and freeze all over -- like fire and ice . 
 `` ha-hello . '' 
 i cleared my throat . 
 `` it 's , uh , nice to see you again . '' 
 `` you know each other ? '' 
 grace 's head swung back and forth between the two of us . 
 `` we ran into each other the other night -- that 's all . '' 
 michael 's eyes never left my face . 
 he inhaled , stepped out of the room and disappeared down the hall . 
 a door slammed shut and , seconds later , loud music hit the air . 
 i wanted to disappear . 
 could his disgust be any more obvious ? 
 `` i went running in the cemetery . 
 i did n't know he 's your brother . 
 we just met one time ... he helped me find my ipod . '' 
 grace came over and waved her hand . 
 `` michael 's , like , kind of abrupt . 
 he 's lousy with socializing . 
 what were you doing running in a cemetery at night ? '' 
 she paused then held up a finger . 
 `` on second thought , do n't answer . '' 
 a burning between my shoulder blades reminded me i needed to relax . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 screw it . 
 not worth the time . 
 i 'd be out of here after graduation so it was n't like i had to hang out with him or try to be friends . 
 nice try , rouge . 
 you still think he 's cute . 
 `` do n't you dare change our plans for saturday . '' 
 grace must have thought my silence meant i did n't want to be here . 
 she picked out some clothes , led me out of the closet , then flipped the light off . 
 `` i 'll tell michael to get lost for the night . 
 he could do with getting a life . '' 
 `` no . 
 do n't worry . 
 i 'm still coming . '' 
 i swallowed , glancing down the long hall as we headed for the stairs . 
 `` how old is michael ? '' 
 `` just slightly older and trust me , he never lets me forget . 
 i hate to admit it sometimes , but he 's actually my real brother . 
 sarah and caleb adopted both of us . '' 
 she took me through the living room , which had a huge flat screen tv and an awesome sound system . 
 one of those wireless ones . 
 the furniture looked antique and expensive , but very comfortable , like it was meant to be sat in . 
 the beige and bright white accents of the room made the abstract artwork on the walls seem like they were painted right where they hung . 
 a woman , as stunning as grace , sat at a desk near the window . 
 they could almost pass as sisters . 
 both had similar features -- the same perfectly tanned skin and beautiful ocean blue eyes . 
 she also had the same extremely feminine physique , but more muscular . 
 she probably did yoga or pilates ten times a day . 
 she had to be sarah , grace 's adoptive mom . 
 sarah 's blonde hair skimmed her shoulders . 
 she grinned and leaned against the desk , her chin fitting perfectly into her little hand . 
 `` hello . '' 
 `` sarah , this is rouge . '' 
 `` nice to meet you . '' 
 i was jealous of her perfect-sounding voice . 
 bold , sensual and like she feared nothing . 
 grace pointed to a burnt red colored door on the other side of the living room . 
 `` that 's caleb 's office . '' 
 the room fell silent at the mention of his name . 
 the butterflies in my tummy started dancing again . 
 i 'd never met the guy , so why should i be nervous about his office ? 
 `` he 's out this evening . '' 
 sarah stared at grace . 
 `` a meeting out of town . '' 
 the butterflies settled a little , or maybe one managed to escape . 
 i clenched my teeth together . 
 urrgghh ... i hated being nervous . 
 `` is it okay if we watch a movie in here ? 
 if you 've got work to do ... '' grace spoke oblivious to my inner battle . 
 `` go ahead . 
 i 'm going to clean the kitchen then run some errands . '' 
 as she stood , a beautiful silver pendant caught my eye . 
 i leaned slightly closer to see the detail but never got the chance . 
 sarah tucked it inside her blouse . 
 we settled in to watch the movie . 
 i did n't remember half of it ; my mind kept wandering back to the boy upstairs . 
 when it finished we both stretched and headed to the hall . 
 `` i 'd better get you home . 
 heaven forbid i get you in trouble . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` you wo n't . 
 jim and sally are n't much bothered when i come or go . '' 
 i sighed when i realized i did n't have my key . 
 `` shoot ! 
 i left my purse upstairs . '' 
 i pictured it where i 'd dropped it in her closest on one of the shelves . 
 `` just let me run up and grab it . '' 
 `` i 'm gon na grab a bottle of water . 
 want one too ? '' 
 grace turned back towards the living room and the kitchen beyond . 
 `` sure . '' 
 i darted up the stairs two at a time , counting my steps . 
 i sneaked a quick peek down the empty , door-closed hall . 
 my purse lay right where i 'd left it . 
 head down i checked for my keys as i ran out of grace 's room . 
 i glanced up in time to bump straight into someone 's chest . 
 michael 's . 
 his hands reached for my elbows . 
 i froze . 
 he smelled so good -- husky , masculine and something that made me want to close my eyes and inhale so deeply the scent saturated my lungs . 
 it took all my willpower to step back . 
 why he did n't move away first skittered across my mind . 
 `` sorry , '' i whispered . 
 `` did n't see you . '' 
 `` it 's fine . '' 
 his voice came out husky . 
 `` did you find it ? '' 
 grace called out from the bottom of the stairs . 
 michael flinched and dropped his hands . 
 he stepped aside to let me by . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 for bumping into me ? 
 or for earlier ? 
 i had no idea . 
 `` good night , rouge , '' he spoke quietly . 
 the way he said my name , i would have done anything he wanted . 
 no one had ever put that much meaning into one little word . 
 chapter 4 `` folklore . '' 
 something about the cover made me stop working . 
 the leather was warm in my hands , even when all the other books were cool from being in storage . 
 it was saturday morning . 
 i 'd gotten a job at the eclectic bookstore . 
 liza , my new boss , asked me to sort through inventory which needed filing . 
 liza had a natural goth appearance and could n't be older than thirty . 
 the store sold new and old stuff . 
 she handed me a cardboard box of books and asked me to enter the bar codes into the computer or create titles in her system if they did n't have an isbn number . 
 not as confusing as it sounded . 
 once i typed in the number , the title would show up and if it did n't i just entered the title and author , her computer did the rest . 
 it was n't the most exciting job , but at least i 'd have spending money and hopefully be able to put a bit away for after graduation . 
 halfway through , i 'd found the leather book . 
 everything around me melted away , except the raised contours of some kind of beasty animal on the cover . 
 so lifelike i wondered if it 'd been hand drawn from a photo instead of being some made-up creature . 
 gingerly , afraid i might crack the leather , i opened the front cover and checked for a date . 
 apparently it had been written pre-copyright days . 
 i flipped through , my fingers running across thick parchment and ink blotted pages . 
 a noise inside the shop snapped me out of my reverie . 
 i set it aside , figuring i 'd ask liza how much it cost . 
 the rest of the morning i spent sorting and stocking books . 
 they all seemed to cover stories about witches , warlocks and other immortal legends . 
 liza had mentioned she loved old fairy tales and their history . 
 she dressed the part and seemed to have that eerie , far-away thought and conversation process . 
 she had the personality to suit it as well . 
 i loved it . 
 when we finished mid-afternoon , she picked up the leather book i 'd set aside . 
 `` interested ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` it looks old . '' 
 she tossed it at me . 
 `` keep it . 
 a bonus for your first day . '' 
 catching it like a football , i hugged it to my chest . 
 `` you sure ? 
 i can pay for it . '' 
 shaking her head , she laughed . 
 `` it 's okay to accept a freebie once and a while . 
 trust me , it always feels better to give than to receive . '' 
 `` except if you give everything away , you 'll go broke . '' 
 i tried to stop a grin but it managed to escape . 
 `` thanks . 
 see you later . '' 
 i stuffed the book into my backpack and headed out the front door . 
 after the dimness of the shop , the bright sun blinded me . 
 i squinted against its glare . 
 slipping my other arm through the backpack strap i froze momentarily when a car sped behind me . 
 i jumped to the other side of the sidewalk when it screeched against the curb . 
 `` what the -- '' grace 's little smartcar stopped within inches of my feet . 
 `` need a lift ? '' 
 the fuzzy dice still swung from her crazy driving . 
 `` you 're nuts ! '' 
 i pounded my chest , trying to restart my heart . 
 she chuckled and grinned . 
 `` you 're fine . 
 i stopped in plenty of time . '' 
 she revved the sewing machine engine . 
 `` you heading somewhere or all finished ? '' 
 i opened the passenger door and got in . 
 `` i started a part-time job today . '' 
 `` at the eclectic bookstore ? '' 
 `` yeah , how 'd you know ? '' 
 `` i saw you leave the store and swung the car around . 
 ready for tonight ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 just need to grab my stuff . '' 
 we drove to my place . 
 once there , she played with the car keys and glanced towards the house . 
 `` i 'll just run in and grab my stuff . '' 
 i opened the passenger door and tossed my backpack in the back . 
 i dashed inside , thankful jim and sally were n't home to question me . 
 i left a note on the fridge : `` sleeping at a new classmate 's . 
 text my cell if you need me . '' 
 throwing my already packed bag over my shoulder , i was out again in less than three minutes . 
 grace leaned across the seat and swung the car door open for me . 
 i tossed my bag with my backpack and then jumped in . 
 `` ready . '' 
 `` awesome . 
 let 's get outta here . '' 
 at her house we went straight to her room . 
 grace ran down and grabbed a fruit tray so we could snack , chill on her bed and listen to music . 
 `` i wonder what the weather 's supposed to be like tonight . '' 
 i glanced out the window toward the clear blue sky . 
 grace jumped off the bed and strolled to the closet . 
 `` cloudy by the lake . 
 it 'll be cool , but i 've got the perfect scarf for you . '' 
 `` do you know the forecast after the weekend ? '' 
 i joked . 
 `` it 'll be nice , not too sunny , typical weather for the beginning of september . '' 
 `` thanks , weather woman . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` did n't know you were such of fan . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` i like to be able to coordinate my outfits to match the temperature outside . '' 
 making a face , she tossed a scarf at me . 
 `` fair enough . 
 where 's the rest of your family ? '' 
 i tried not to sound like i cared if her brother was home . 
 `` caleb and michael are probably working , and sarah 's getting some groceries . 
 she 's very excited you 're sleeping over . '' 
 `` what does caleb do ? '' 
 rob banks ? 
 the house was freakin ' huge . 
 `` he 's ... uh ... he 's head of a big , important company ... uh ... dealing with medical stuff . '' 
 she disappeared back into the closet . 
 at least the guy had a job . 
 i had no intention of prying as i knew the feeling too well . 
 `` what 're you wearing tonight ? '' 
 the perfect question to entertain grace . 
 `` i went shopping today . 
 got an amethyst colored top and black skinny jeans . '' 
 she came out dressed in new clothes . 
 her pants enveloped her toned legs and the top was glued to her skin in all the right places . 
 even the color of the fabric made her skin glow . 
 i wished i could look like that . 
 an outfit hung neatly over her arm . 
 `` here 's yours . '' 
 `` i took the clothes held out to me , catching the price on a silver tank top and awesome matching black half-jacket . 
 it was over a hundred bucks . 
 i 'd have to work three weeks to afford it . 
 `` you bought me stuff ? 
 i thought i was just going to borrow something to wear . 
 i 'll have to pay you back . '' 
 `` you wo n't . 
 it 's a gift and it 'd be rude if you did n't accept it . '' 
 the corners of her mouth twitched like a playful kitten 's and her eyes sparkled . 
 `` that 's not the point . '' 
 i did n't know how to explain i did n't want hand outs . 
 `` please . 
 i wanted to . '' 
 she signed . 
 `` i promise i wo n't do it again . '' 
 far from an expert in gift receiving , i did know what to do or say . 
 my silence must have been an okay for her . 
 she grinned . 
 `` just check the sizes and ignore the prices tags . '' 
 i slipped on the pants and top , somehow not surprised she 'd guessed my size perfectly . 
 `` full-length mirrors in the closet . '' 
 she followed close behind as i went to the mirrors . 
 `` hey , cool birthmark . '' 
 she lightly touched the bottom corner of my left scapula . 
 `` it looks like some kinda shape . '' 
 i 'd never paid much attention to it . 
 as a kid i wondered if my birthmother noticed it when , or if , she ever held me . 
 i reached behind , pulling the top 's strap to try and cover it . 
 `` it 's in one of those awkward spots . 
 i ca n't really see it . '' 
 i stared at my strange , but pretty , reflection in the mirror . 
 `` you look great . '' 
 grace beamed from behind me in the mirror 's reflection . 
 i 'd personally never bought something in this style , but grace had taste . 
 the outfit made my long skinny arms and legs look muscular and sexy . 
 turning sideways , i checked to see how the pants fit my butt . 
 i actually had one in them . 
 `` i owe you big time . '' 
 i searched the mirror for her face . 
 focussing past her , my breath caught as i noticed michael behind her , leaning against the closet doorframe . 
 he 'd slipped quietly into the room unnoticed . 
 he stared at me in the mirror , his eyes bright , but his expression closed off when his gaze met mine . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` you , uh , you 're ... pretty . '' 
 `` oh no you do n't ! '' 
 grace shouted at him , waving her hands wildly in his direction . 
 `` she 's coming out with me tonight . 
 if you want to hang out with rouge , you ask her out when she 's available . 
 after tonight , i do n't think that 's going to be for a very long time . 
 you might as well get in line ! '' 
 michael frowned , deep lines etched in his forehead . 
 they quickly disappeared when he smirked . 
 `` no probs . 
 caleb asked me to drop you two off and pick you up . '' 
 why ? 
 the strange , secretive look that passed between them kept me silent . 
 grace leaned forward and pulled the price tags off of my clothes . 
 `` caleb just worries . '' 
 she turned to michael . 
 `` if you 're driving , you are n't planning on staying , are you ? '' 
 `` not really . '' 
 his eyes flitted back and forth as he looked at grace . 
 `` just let me know should you need me . '' 
 was i somehow missing part of the conversation ? 
 `` fine , then . '' 
 grace cleared her throat . 
 `` shall we go ? '' 
 outside , we walked single file toward the parked cars . 
 grace climbed into the back of a mustang and pulled the seat back so i had no choice but to sit in the front . 
 i scowled at her . 
 i was nervous and had no skills around guys . 
 i 'd be better hiding out in the back , listening and pretending to participate in the conversation . 
 michael must have caught my expression because he chuckled as he got into the driver 's seat . 
 nervous , i plopped down in the seat beside him and fumbled with the seat belt . 
 he reached over and took it from me to click it in . 
 i let out a small gasp as our hands touched . 
 his hand went from ice cold to searing hot . 
 a current of hot and cold seared up my arm , all the way to my shoulder . 
 my free hand instinctly went to my shoulder . 
 i rubbed it . 
 the weirdest hot and cold sensations assaulted my palm . 
 grace chattered the entire ride out to the park . 
 i kept trying to listen , but michael 's close proximity made it impossible to concentrate . 
 `` rouge ? '' 
 grace tapped my shoulder , making me jump . 
 `` are you going to get out or just stay in the car ? '' 
 i glanced out the window . 
 we 'd parked along a line of trees with a sandy beach off to the right . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 i fumbled with the catch in my seat belt , trying to get out as fast as i could , heat burning my face and neck . 
 michael got out and held his seat back forward so grace could crawl out , their heads bent close , talking quietly . 
 his face was etched with concern , but i could n't miss grace mutter , `` i can take care of myself -- and rouge . '' 
 michael set his lips in a thin line . 
 `` fine . 
 have fun . '' 
 he jumped into the mustang and sped away . 
 `` everything all right ? '' 
 too bad they fought . 
 i would n't have minded trying to talk to him , or simply having him near would 've been fine with me . 
 `` we 're good . '' 
 grace pulled on my jacket and pointed toward the noise on the beach . 
 `` michael 's a little , um , overprotective . 
 caleb 's made him that way . 
 michael worries way too much about me , and it 's obvious he does n't want you to get hurt either . 
 he likes you . 
 he just wo n't admit it yet . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i stopped walking and put my hand on her forearm . 
 my heart skipped every other beat . 
 `` he 's my brother . 
 trust me , he likes you . '' 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` the look on his face was priceless when he walked into my room . 
 you 're definitely going to make some first impressions this evening too . '' 
 i 'd rather hang out by the shadows . 
 however , if michael might be interested , i think could handle a little spotlight . 
 my face scorched . 
 `` you sure about mi -- '' `` positive . '' 
 grace laughed . 
 `` come on . 
 let me introduce you to our senior class , and i 'll point out the cute boys . 
 we might as well make michael jealous while we 're here . '' 
 we made our way through the parked cars towards the music . 
 someone had attached huge stereo speakers to a pickup backed onto the sand . 
 outdoor lawn torches , which also seemed to keep the bugs at bay , were set up to maximize lighting the area . 
 lawn chairs lay scattered around the fire pit and small groups were all over the place . 
 `` so , which one of these cliques is yours ? '' 
 i wished i 'd just worn a sweatshirt and no makeup . 
 `` i kind of float around . 
 we 've lived here three years , and i still kind of feel like the new girl . '' 
 definitely a popular girl . 
 grace had no idea what being the new girl actually meant . 
 skipping the pathway , we climbed over large boulders and jumped the three foot drop onto the beach . 
 somehow , grace had gotten her shoes off before we landed , her feet barely making an impression in the sand . 
 my mary janes filled instantly with the cool particles , but i chose to keep them on . 
 `` heads up ! '' 
 a football flew in our direction . 
 i ducked out of the way while grace caught it with one hand , not even pausing in her stride . 
 a cute , dark-haired , athletic-looking boy came jogging up . 
 `` nice catch , g ! '' 
 he skidded to a stop . 
 `` whoa , wait a moment . 
 who 's the new hot-chick ? '' 
 `` simon , your ball . '' 
 grace tossed the football expertly . 
 `` this is rouge . '' 
 simon bowed dramatically . 
 `` welcome to port q high 's unofficial before-school-starts official party night . '' 
 he held out his hand . 
 `` hey . '' 
 this guy babbled like a girl back at my old high school who drank red bull all the time . 
 `` let me introduce you to the rest of the gangstas . '' 
 he grabbed grace 's and my hands , pulling us over to the group of guys waiting for the football . 
 `` this is tommy , damon , sean and jake . '' 
 except for one , all were similar build to simon . 
 the other guy was absolutely huge with these dark , almost black eyes . 
 he seemed to be shooting daggers at grace . 
 i stepped close to grace . 
 `` what 's with the big guy ? '' 
 `` he 's interested . 
 i 'm not . '' 
 she rubbed her forehead with the back of her hand , making an `` l '' shape with her fingers . 
 `` loser , '' she whispered . 
 simon stuck close by me , trying his best to entertain . 
 twenty minutes later , i needed space to breathe . 
 i tried to catch grace 's attention , but she was chatting away with sean or jake , i could n't remember which one . 
 `` bathroom break . 
 where are they ? '' 
 `` up the hill . 
 over there . '' 
 he pointed in the direction . 
 `` do you see the line of trees ? 
 just follow them and where the one big tree is , they 're just behind there . 
 see a few people heading back ? 
 i can take you . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i 'd rather die . 
 `` uh , no thanks , i 'm pretty sure i can find my way . '' 
 i stood and made a beeline for the trees . 
 glancing back , grace stood by simon , blocking my view of him . 
 quickly sneaking into the forest , i figured i had about four minutes before simon came looking for me . 
 simon was nice but a little overbearing . 
 he seemed the long-term kind of guy . 
 i planned on bolting after graduation . 
 now , michael , he might be an interesting short-term thing . 
 i scoffed . 
 who was i kidding ? 
 the thick grass and leaves muffled the music and noise from the beach , making it peaceful . 
 i walked farther into the trees . 
 enjoying the moment , i leaned back against a large oak tree , closing my eyes . 
 the cicadas , crickets and every other insect around me abruptly went quiet . 
 a strange , hushed silence . 
 the hairs on the nape of my neck rose . 
 holding my breath , i strained to hear something , anything , around me . 
 opening my eyes , i stared into the forest . 
 eyes not adjusted to the dark , i could n't make anything out but trees and shadows . 
 my heart hammered over-adrenalized and fight or flight screamed . 
 stumbling , i suddenly could n't remember the way back to the beach . 
 muffled music seemed to come from all around . 
 placing the sound grew impossible . 
 the blood rushing in my ears made it even harder to concentrate . 
 swallowing hard , i took a tentative step forward and froze . 
 in front of me , a pair of large amber-yellow eyes with obscenely black pupils shone crystal-clear in the dark . 
 a low , guttural growl escaped from the darkness . 
 hot putrid breath slid across my face . 
 i nearly gagged . 
 whatever the freakin ' thing was , it was mammoth . 
 i could n't find an outline of its body , just a shadow . 
 terrified , i was positive if i screamed the thing would jump out and attack me before i could get the sound out . 
 `` crap , crap , crap ... '' body still frozen , i looked left to right and tried not to move my head . 
 had n't grace said she could take care of both of us ? 
 `` grace ... michael ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 shuffling slightly around the tree , my eyes never left the spot where the wicked monster stood . 
 tears of fear ran down my cheeks when i bumped into the rough bark of the tree behind me . 
 this is it . 
 there was nothing i could do . 
 i 'd walked straight into this den of death . 
 realizing the certainty , i exhaled a slow breath , willing my heart to calm . 
 i began to hear and think more clearly . 
 someone called my name . 
 the monster 's eyes shifted slightly , as if it too listened . 
 i managed a hoarse whisper , `` over here . '' 
 a snarl filled the air and the yellow-eyed beast disappeared too fast for anything that size . 
 suddenly , michael appeared , lifting me like a feather and cradling me tight against him . 
 his hot chest , cool breath and husky scent distracted me from the terror behind us . 
 in seconds , we were out of the forest , in the lightened area by the bathrooms . 
 grace came rushing over . 
 `` what the heck happened ? '' 
 her brows crushed together and chest rose with fell in quick bursts . 
 too soon , michael set me down on the grass carefully , like a flower that might break . 
 the horrible eyes would n't clear from my memory . 
 `` i , um , i , damn it ! 
 sorry . 
 just give me a sec . '' 
 i pressed my hands on my knees , bending over and trying to fill my lungs with the air i 'd forgotten to breathe . 
 `` i stepped into the edge of the trees to give myself a break ... from simon . 
 everything went all voodoo quiet , a-and this huge thing with funky eyes showed up ! '' 
 i shivered , looking behind them to the trees and darkness . 
 it had happened , right ? 
 `` stay here . 
 i 'm going to have a look . '' 
 michael disappeared into the forest . 
 i reached out . 
 `` you ca n't -- '' i sputtered , but grace held me back . 
 `` he ca n't go in there . 
 it is n't safe . '' 
 she pressed a finger to her lips . 
 `` shh ... it 's all right . 
 michael 's going to see if he can catch it . '' 
 she gripped my hand . 
 `` catch it ? 
 are you crazy ? '' 
 my voice rose and i pulled away . 
 `` i could n't tell where the thing ended or where the shadows began . '' 
 michael emerged from the tree line . 
 relief flooded through my veins . 
 shaking his head , he looked ticked . 
 he grabbed our elbows and started to steer us towards the parked cars . 
 `` time to go , ladies . 
 this party 's over . '' 
 he turned to grace , whispering , but i caught everything . 
 `` it 's gone ... caught the scent but it took off as soon as it heard us . '' 
 his pace picked up . 
 grace jumped in the backseat . 
 michael patiently , but not looking so patient , helped me into the front and clicked my seat belt in . 
 we pulled out of the parking area . 
 `` wait ! 
 the rest of the kids . 
 someone needs to warn them . '' 
 `` it wo n't be back . '' 
 `` you do n't know that for sure . '' 
 `` positive . '' 
 michael 's curt reply stopped me from asking again . 
 i did n't argue . 
 for some reason , i believed him . 
 we drove the rest of the way in silence . 
 parking the mustang with the same annoyingly-crazy driving skills as grace , michael shoved the car into park . 
 as he ripped the keys out of the ignition , he glanced into his rear-view mirror . 
 `` i need to talk to caleb . 
 take rouge inside . 
 get her something sugary to drink . 
 it 'll take the edge off . '' 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 `` you 're in shock . 
 head to grace 's room . 
 i 'll come up later when i 'm finished . '' 
 his fingers raked through his hair , he gave me a quick smile and then he ran into the house . 
 grace and i made our way at a much slower pace into the house and up the stairs . 
 i struggled into a pair of jogging pants and a tank top , my body too numb to function properly . 
 dropping onto the bed , i lay on my back , dazed . 
 `` i 'll grab you something to drink . '' 
 she slipped out the door . 
 i thought about the creature and curled up on my side , hugging my knees . 
 my heart thumped hard and fast again my chest . 
 `` what kinda creature were you ? '' 
 i mumbled to myself . 
 something escaped from the zoo ? 
 a wild animal from the mountains ? 
 i kept seeing the weird , amber-yellow eyes flash against the white walls . 
 they continued to stay there , except set against blackness . 
 popping my eyes open , i forced them to blink and focus . 
 i 'd fallen asleep . 
 the lights were still on in the room , but the house was quiet . 
 glancing at my watch , it was after two . 
 i crawled out of bed to find grace . 
 as i walked out of the room , michael came up the stairs . 
 `` you should get some more sleep . '' 
 the concern on his face made me melt a tiny bit . 
 `` is everything okay ? '' 
 i was paranoid i might wake someone . 
 `` i hope i did n't cause any problems ? '' 
 he smiled and turned me gently back towards the bedroom . 
 dazed , i crawled back into bed and watched him sit down on the edge . 
 my gaze followed the outline of his body . 
 i did n't realize he 'd spoken . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 can you repeat that one more time ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` everything 's fine . 
 we 've been downstairs in caleb 's office . 
 you did n't cause any problems . 
 that 's silly thinking . 
 you do n't need to worry anymore . '' 
 `` do you know what that thing was ? '' 
 he sighed then finally nodded . 
 `` i 've a pretty good idea . '' 
 `` would you care to enlighten me ? '' 
 i tried to read his face but , apart from a tiny frown , it remained expressionless . 
 `` not at the moment , but i 'll explain it when i can . '' 
 his answer was loaded with implications which only created more questions . 
 `` would it have killed me ? '' 
 my voice was calmer than my insides . 
 he sat silent for a moment , his knuckles cracking as he squeezed them . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and you tell me not to worry ? '' 
 i straightened , tucking my legs under me . 
 forced air pushed through his nose . 
 `` it was hunting , and you were in its path . 
 it 'll not happen again . 
 i promise you . '' 
 the determination in his voice made me stare at him . 
 his head bent slightly forward , his eyes intently watching his fingers pick at his clean nails . 
 `` i do n't know why it went for you . 
 i think you just happened to be in the wrong place at the right time . '' 
 his words came out slow and punctuated , like he 'd been rehearsing them . 
 `` you need to rest . '' 
 he gently helped me lie back down . 
 as i drifted off to sleep , i hoped so hard he was right , even though i did n't believe him . 
 chapter 5 something warmed one side of my face . 
 my head instinctly moved towards it and the other side of my face cooled against the pillow . 
 fluttering my lids , the sun shined through the window , creating the heat . 
 burrowing deeper into the heavy duvet , i drifted , not asleep , but enjoying that wonderful half-awake feeling when you know you do n't have to get up and rush off to school . 
 the scent of delicious male cologne filled my nostrils . 
 i moved closer to the smell . 
 `` you know , you 're very cute when you sleep . '' 
 my eyes popped open . 
 michael lay on the bed , his head leaning against the headboard of grace 's bed , arms crossed , hair perfect and an unbelievably sexy grin on his face . 
 last night 's memories came crashing through my mind . 
 i sat up , very conscious of my heavy , tired eyes and morning breath , positive the back of my head had a rat 's nest tangled in it . 
 why do guys always have to look so perfect ? 
 his face lost its humor . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` i 'm , uh , fine . '' 
 just in dire need of a brush and a bottle of mouthwash . 
 maybe throw in some kind of manual on crazy beasts living in the forest . 
 `` you feel like getting up and going for a drive ? '' 
 with him , no human would say no . 
 except ... `` i should find grace , and see if she 's planned anything . '' 
 michael let out an intoxicating laugh . 
 `` she 's fine . '' 
 he paused , staring at the ceiling a moment . 
 `` grace and sarah are out running an errand . 
 we 've plenty of time to go for a ride and still be home before they get back . 
 i promise . 
 she 's not mad . '' 
 his hand came up in a scout 's honor position . 
 `` if you 're sure ... '' guilt washed over me for preferring to hang out with michael rather than grace . 
 however , if she 'd gone out with sarah , a short drive would n't be so bad . 
 `` give me ten minutes . '' 
 i waited . 
 michael did n't move . 
 my only way off the bed would be to crawl over the top of him . 
 kicking the blankets off , i shuffled to the foot of the bed . 
 still unable to avoid not touching him , i edged over his legs and let my toes reach for the floor . 
 my hands brushed against his shins , enjoying the hot and cold feeling his body gave off . 
 once off the bed , i stood in the middle of the room not sure where i 'd left my backpack or what to do . 
 `` i 'll meet you downstairs . '' 
 he dropped his legs over the bed and stood , relaxed and confident . 
 he walked by me , his arm brushing against mine . 
 when he opened the door , he turned . 
 `` i 'll make some breakfast while you get ready . '' 
 he pointed at the ground beside grace 's closet and disappeared down the hall . 
 i looked down where he 'd pointed . 
 my bag . 
 the door behind it led to a bathroom . 
 alone , i grabbed my backpack and dumped it on the bed , hoping i 'd packed something decent to wear today . 
 the leather book from the bookstore slid to the floor . 
 i leaned over and grabbed it then tossed it on the bed , more concerned about dashing to the bathroom , showering and getting dressed in record time . 
 i did manage to get ready in a decent amount of time . 
 unfortunately , my sneakers decided to play hide and seek . 
 michael knocked on the door just as i was crawling around on the floor looking for my right shoe . 
 `` do you remember where i tossed my shoes last night when we got back ? '' 
 near the corner of the bed , a sparkle caught my eye . 
 `` forget it . 
 found you . '' 
 i grabbed it and held it up triumphantly to michael . 
 he wore a pair of blue jeans and a long-sleeved black shirt . 
 incredibly hot without even trying to be . 
 okay . 
 enough with the oozing over the guy . 
 i was starting to annoy myself with my inability to let it go . 
 `` i made coffee and sarah bought muffins . 
 she bought like ten different kinds . 
 are you almost ready to -- '' he stopped mid-sentence , dropping the travel mug on the nightstand , and muffin bag on the floor . 
 he swiped something off the bed . 
 i reached out to stop the wobbling mug . 
 `` is this yours ? '' 
 he held the book at arm 's length , by the corner . 
 i nodded . 
 he snorted . 
 in disgust ? 
 `` i got it from the eclectic bookshop yesterday . '' 
 pulling my shoe on , i peered at the cover . 
 why 's he acting so weird ? 
 `` i have n't had a chance to look at it . 
 it looks really old . '' 
 `` yesterday ? '' 
 he glared at the book and mumbled something . 
 all i caught was `` ... makes sense now . '' 
 i had no idea what he meant . 
 `` we need to get this out of the house before caleb gets home . 
 he 'll freak if he sees it . '' 
 `` why ? 
 it 's just an old folklore book . '' 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 he reached for my elbow and steered me toward the hall . 
 `` you can drink your coffee in the car . '' 
 gravel sprayed as we spun out of the driveway . 
 michael finally slowed the car when he turned onto a scenic route to the mountains . 
 he sat rigid and quiet , so i sipped at my coffee and ate my muffin . 
 i picked up the book and flipped it open to the middle . 
 `` holy friggin ' smokes ! '' 
 the hand drawn picture was of the ugliest , crudest looking thing i 'd ever seen -- some kind of ancient scary mythical creature . 
 i traced a finger along the charcoal ridges . 
 some kind of fountain pen ink had been used in tracing it . 
 i turned to the first page and read the single sentence on it . 
 `` grollic monstrum . 
 an aberrant occurrence that has the ability to produce fear or cause physical harm . 
 can the beast be tamed ? 
 or controlled ? '' 
 i flicked through some of the drawings scattered throughout the book . 
 large , dark , omniscient animals had eyes that stared directly at you from the paper . 
 a page on the left showed a drawn photo which had been painted in . 
 amber yellow eyes . 
 i gasped and then tried to catch my lost breath . 
 what knocked the wind out of me was cold , hard realization . 
 `` that animal last night , it ... '' i could n't finish the sentence . 
 it could n't be . 
 this kind of stuff was all myths and legends , folklores . 
 michael continued to stare at the road , his knuckles white against the wheel he gripped . 
 his posture confirmed what i did n't want to believe . 
 `` it ca n't be . 
 it does n't exist . '' 
 the silence drove me crazy . '' 
 `` it is n't real . '' 
 `` they are . '' 
 what ? 
 wait a sec . 
 `` not just one , there are more ? 
 h-how do you know ? '' 
 `` i just do . 
 the grollic 's smell was all over the forest . '' 
 turning to face him , i studied his tense profile . 
 `` you could smell it ? 
 i did n't even hear that thing until it was three feet in front of me . 
 a grollic ? '' 
 the word was foreign to my tongue . 
 i needed to concentrate but it all seemed ridiculous . 
 what normal human could hold a conversation on real-live monsters seriously ? 
 `` you 're not one , are you ? '' 
 i giggled . 
 he did seem to have some peculiar habits , obviously not spooky , but , in my anxiousness , i could n't resist teasing . 
 `` never ! '' 
 he snapped like i 'd whipped him . 
 i exhaled , letting my head fall against the back of the seat . 
 `` sorry . 
 i 'm only kidding . '' 
 michael obviously was n't . 
 i 'd hit a nerve with my crappy humor . 
 a reminder of why i should never use it . 
 he pulled over on the side of the road at a lookout point . 
 something about the intensity in his blue eyes captivated me . 
 i did n't bother glancing out the windows at the scenery . 
 i had all i needed in the car . 
 michael shoved the car in park and drummed his fingers against the steering wheel . 
 `` this is real . 
 there are things i 'm not allowed to say , '' he scoffed , `` and other stuff you would n't understand . '' 
 crazy alert . 
 get out of the car and walk away . 
 my brain seemed to think it knew better than my body . 
 i sat silent , unsure what to do . 
 he stomped a foot against the car floor . 
 `` i 'm not sure what to tell you . '' 
 `` the truth . '' 
 i barely knew the guy and here i sat , in his car , demanding he spill his guts . 
 i crossed my arms , ticked at my inability to keep my mouth shut . 
 his eyes ran up and down me , obviously misreading my body language . 
 `` i tell you a hideous creature went after you , and you barely bat an eye . 
 you just turn and ask if i 'm one . '' 
 `` i was joking . '' 
 `` yeah , you said that . '' 
 he shifted , turning back to the wheel and staring straight ahead . 
 my right thumb traced the pad of my left hand . 
 if i told him my feelings , i 'd step over a line i 'd never crossed before . 
 totally risky , but is it as dangerous as the animal in the forest last night ? 
 swallowing hard , i hesitantly laid my fingers on his wrist . 
 when he looked at me , i stared back into his ocean blue eyes . 
 `` i ... we have n't known each other very long , but there 's something ... i li-like you . '' 
 i wanted to add it was different , not like anything i 'd ever felt before . 
 instead , i babbled . 
 `` this may sound weird , but i ca n't get you out of my head . 
 i hardly know you , but i trust you with my life . '' 
 horrified at what i 'd admitted , i pressed my lips closed tight . 
 when michael did n't say anything , i sat back against my seat . 
 crap ! 
 i 've just screwed up royally . 
 i dropped my face in my hands . 
 `` trust me when i say i 'm not right for you . '' 
 michael 's voice took on that husky rasp which made my breath catch . 
 `` i 'm no good for you . '' 
 my heart sunk . 
 grace had been wrong last night when she said michael liked me . 
 my brain kept sending my heart mixed signals . 
 i responded the way i always did . 
 i got defensive . 
 `` is n't it up to me to decide what 's good or bad for me ? '' 
 `` i was afraid you 'd say something like that . '' 
 without another word , his hands pulled at my wrists , forcing me to look at him . 
 the anger in his face softened as his eyes danced back and forth . 
 his face close , he leaned forward and as he opened his mouth to speak , he brushed his lips lightly against mine . 
 fire and ice . 
 like dynamite exploding inside my head . 
 without thinking , one of my hands touched his face and the other went behind his head , its fingers curling in his soft hair . 
 then he kissed me , this time with intention . 
 it was intoxicating , left me completely breathless . 
 as quickly as he 'd begun , he pulled away , heaving . 
 `` sorry . 
 that was n't supposed to happen . '' 
 his eyes were shut tight . 
 `` i did n't mind at all . '' 
 could my mouth , for once , keep up with my brain and shut up ? 
 `` rouge , '' he whispered . 
 i loved the way my name rolled off his tongue . 
 `` this can only end badly . '' 
 `` how do you know ? 
 we 've barely started . 
 why not give this a chance and see what happens ? '' 
 terrified he 'd push away ; i reached out and grabbed his wrist . 
 i 'd never wanted someone like this . 
 i 'd been content to live my life on my own and suddenly it seemed the loneliest option in the world . 
 michael rubbed the light stubble on his jaw . 
 he appeared torn , trying to wrestle his version of good versus evil . 
 he sat perfectly still for a few minutes and finally turned , his blue eyes boring into mine . 
 `` screw it . 
 i ca n't fight this . 
 just promise you wo n't hate me in the end ? '' 
 `` as long as we do n't burn in hell , we 're good to go , '' i joked . 
 his jaw dropped and his eyes grew big . 
 then he laughed a deep throaty one straight from deep inside . 
 `` alright . 
 let 's head back to my place . 
 grace is already bugging me , wondering where you are . 
 and , '' he swallowed , `` it 's time you met caleb . '' 
 he squeezed my hand and turned the car around . 
 the way he spoke made me anxious . 
 i thought about those terrible yellow eyes again . 
 thankful now it 'd been too dark to see the thing properly . 
 `` what are they ? '' 
 michael sighed . 
 `` grollics ? 
 they 're human but biologically messed up . 
 something 's wrong within their natural order . 
 it 's impossible to explain . '' 
 i had no reply . 
 i did n't get it nor could i fathom it . 
 if i had n't seen those freakish hollow eyes last night , i would n't believe a word michael said . 
 we drove for a bit in silence . 
 my mind raced at the thoughts of a possible relationship , of monsters and of why in the world my hormones were all jacked up . 
 why did michael know so much about grollics ? 
 a sudden thought crossed my mind . 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 he glanced at me out of the corner of his eye . 
 `` how old did grace tell you i was ? '' 
 `` she dodged answering the question , like you are now . '' 
 `` you asked her about me ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` i 'm ... nineteen . '' 
 `` i 'll be eighteen in january . 
 however , i think i 'm seventeen going on thirty . 
 i 've been grown-up for so long . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` i know the feeling . '' 
 another thought hit me . 
 `` how old 's grace ? '' 
 the question took him by surprise . 
 he appeared about to say one thing but seemed to change his mind . 
 `` we 're twins . '' 
 totally weird . 
 now how 'd i have a hunch on that ? 
 `` how come you 're done with school ? '' 
 `` i work with caleb . '' 
 `` did you drop out ? 
 or skip a grade ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 that did n't answer anything . 
 he obviously did n't want to talk about it -- yet . 
 `` why the pretense she 's younger than you ? '' 
 `` she is younger , by a bit . '' 
 `` you born first ? '' 
 grace had said he was older . 
 too many weird secrets . 
 `` are you guys in some kind of trouble ? '' 
 `` questions , questions . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` has anyone ever told you , you talk a lot ? '' 
 `` never . '' 
 i shrugged , feeling giddy . 
 not once in my entire life . 
 `` one more question , and i promise i 'm done . '' 
 michael raised an eyebrow . 
 `` why was one of those monstery-things after me ? '' 
 `` now there 's a loaded question . 
 caleb might know the answer . '' 
 he glanced down at the book sitting between us . 
 `` one more question . '' 
 he opened his mouth , so i quickly added , `` can we stop at starbucks and grab a latte ? 
 sorry to say this , but you make lousy coffee . '' 
 chapter 6 rocking slightly side to side , i now hesitated outside the house . 
 maybe the reason my body did n't want to go in had to do with the horrible memory of the beast . 
 if we went inside and talked about it , i 'd be admitting it was real . 
 michael reached for my hand and squeezed it , giving me the courage to cross the threshold . 
 little currents of hot and cold raced across my skin . 
 does michael have them too ? 
 i blinked , trying focus on the task ahead . 
 this was serious . 
 i really did n't want to be some monster 's dinner . 
 in the middle of the living room , michael stopped . 
 grace and sarah relaxed on the couch and a man sat at the desk sarah had occupied yesterday . 
 my heart stuttered . 
 caleb . 
 he was older than i thought he 'd be . 
 maybe late fifties or sixties . 
 the tightness in his face and posture made him appear ready to pounce . 
 or overreact ? 
 the kind of guy who shot first and asked questions later . 
 where everyone looked tanned , caleb was pale like me but even more so . 
 almost pasty white against the dark , expensive clothes he wore . 
 he had the same intense blue eyes as the others , but with years of knowledge behind them , like he 'd been through the wars . 
 he was handsome , in a strange way , with strong facial lines . 
 he sat almost regal . 
 when he glanced at me , his eyes darted from my feet to my head to my feet again , a harrumph escaping his lips . 
 i wanted to disappear . 
 `` ' tis a pleasure to meet you . '' 
 he spoke with an english accent -- very proper -- and polite . 
 however , his words sounded automatic -- years of being taught what to say . 
 `` hello , mr. ... '' i paused . 
 i did n't know their last name and it seemed wrong to call him caleb without permission . 
 `` knightly . '' 
 `` hell-hello . '' 
 should i curtsey or kneel ? 
 he leaned back in his chair , fingers clasped tightly together , resting on top of the desk . 
 `` it seems you had an altercation last night with a grollic . '' 
 wow . 
 straight to the point . 
 `` michael 's been trying to explain . '' 
 i played with a loose strand of hair which had escaped my ponytail . 
 `` he seems to think there 's a ... a grollic after me . '' 
 he tutted . 
 `` possibly , but not confirmed . 
 that 's the first sighting of one in a very long time . 
 we assumed they 'd become extinct in this area . 
 it seems they may have just burrowed underground . '' 
 he twirled a large ring on his right hand . 
 `` do you have the slightest inclination why one would fancy you , of all people ? '' 
 i shrugged , suddenly conscious of the book lying in michael 's car . 
 i shook my head . 
 it made no sense the two were related . 
 `` i just moved into town . 
 i have n't done anything since i got here . 
 met michael and grace , got a job ... normal stuff . 
 last night , i stepped into the trees on an off-chance . 
 it was n't something planned . '' 
 `` maybe you caught it off guard . 
 maybe it was curious about the noise from the kids , '' sarah said . 
 good point . 
 maybe i was in the wrong place at the wrong time . 
 `` perhaps ... '' caleb rubbed his chin , his eyebrows drawn close together . 
 he stood . 
 he was a lot taller than i originally thought , at least half a foot taller than michael . 
 `` we must remain aware of our surroundings and be cognisant of any possible threats . 
 grace and michael will keep an eye on you , and we shall see if this grollic has any other intentions . 
 perhaps it was hungry . '' 
 the way caleb looked at me -- or through me -- i felt like some carnivore 's dinner , nothing more . 
 i gasped and took a step back . 
 he strode by me , without a second glance , to his office , the antique door closing with a cold click from the brass doorknob made me jerk . 
 `` it 's just some freak of nature , some kind of wild animal . 
 caleb talks as if the thing can think and plan an attack . 
 animals ca n't do that . '' 
 i spoke to no one in particular . 
 who 're you trying to convince ? 
 them or yourself ? 
 michael slipped an arm around my shoulders . 
 `` nothing happened last night and nothing 's going to happen to you . 
 i promise . '' 
 `` it was definitely a one-off . '' 
 i loved it that i believed him . 
 he made me feel ... safe . 
 thank goodness school started without a hitch . 
 no monsters came knocking at my door . 
 i did joke with grace , with me practically sleeping at her place all the time ; a grollic could 've come but bolted when it got to my neighborhood . 
 it sucked but i barely saw michael . 
 caleb apparently had him travelling for work . 
 simon made it his priority to introduce me to everyone at school . 
 while the weather stayed warm , a group of us sat in the courtyard every lunch break . 
 one friday , near the end of october , the guys , being their usual rowdy selves , started a game . 
 `` rouge , '' simon said . 
 `` are you going to come with me to the halloween masquerade ? '' 
 before i could think of an excuse not to go , damon dragged simon to a desk chair he 'd set in the middle of the courtyard . 
 `` help me set this up . 
 then let 's jump over it . '' 
 damon pointed at us gals sitting together . 
 `` you ladies keep score . '' 
 all the guys scrambled over to join them , each one easily clearing the chair . 
 soon two , then three chairs were lined up . 
 when a few guys knocked out , damon dragged a picnic table to replace the chairs . 
 he scraped his foot in the grass to make a line ten feet away . 
 he declared they had to stand behind the muddy line . 
 the remaining three cleared the table sideways . 
 they turned the table long . 
 after damon and simon barely cleared it , they pulled two together . 
 i leaned toward grace . 
 `` maybe they should fill their pants with rolls of toilet paper . '' 
 `` what 's that red ? '' 
 damon paused in his work and grinned at his nickname for me . 
 `` chumming up to your little pal ? '' 
 he glared at grace . 
 `` it 's obvious red 's you 're new little barbie doll . 
 poor new-gal did n't stand a chance once you sunk your claws in her . '' 
 how old was this guy , nine ? 
 `` i have a brain , thank-you . 
 i 'm a barbie . 
 maybe you 're just jealous she would n't let you be her ken ? '' 
 he stepped forward and leaned down , his face inches from mine , hot breath hitting my cheeks . 
 `` what 'd you just say ? '' 
 my courage flew out the window . 
 i dropped my gaze . 
 his eyes were red , nostrils flared , lips curled in a nasty smile . 
 i locked on his neck where a birthmark , which also looked angry , peeked out from the edge of his polo shirt near the buttons . 
 simon pulled damon back . 
 `` leave her alone . 
 you 're scaring the poor girl . '' 
 i gasped for air , not realizing i 'd held it . 
 with a shaky hand , i covered my mouth , not sure what else to do . 
 damon blinked and jerked his arm out of simon 's grip . 
 `` whatever . 
 sorry , red . '' 
 `` you 're such a jerk , damon . '' 
 grace grabbed my arm and led me inside by the elbow . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 leaning against the cool , cement bricked wall , i tried to calm my nerves . 
 `` bit insecure , is n't he ? '' 
 grace laughed . 
 `` i usually just try to ignore him . '' 
 `` how do you ignore someone so big ? '' 
 `` and ugly ? '' 
 i grinned , feeling better . 
 `` you so missed your chance when you turned him down . '' 
 `` i guess he never got over it . '' 
 she pretended to clutch her heart . 
 `` it started the first week i was here , but he was just so big -- '' `` an ' ugly . '' 
 `` an ' smelly . 
 it turned me off . '' 
 `` i do n't blame you . '' 
 the bell rang . 
 i had chemistry and she had art on the other side of school . 
 `` see you after classes . 
 try not to pick anymore fights . '' 
 she laughed and disappeared down the hall . 
 afternoon classes flew by . 
 at the end of the day , i made my way out to the parking lot to grace 's car . 
 my heart skipped a beat when a dark blue mustang sat parked beside the smartcar . 
 michael stood waiting between the two cars , leaning against his door . 
 `` hi . '' 
 i had n't seen him for two weeks and he looked awesome . 
 i made tight fists , warning my fingers not to reach up to his blond hair begging to be tamed . 
 his blue eyes piercing with their intensity , his lips and slight stubble -- all of it made my blood rush . 
 he nodded a hello , but his face remained serious . 
 `` grace told me what happened . 
 i thought i might have a word with this damon boy . '' 
 boy ? 
 damon was like a year younger than him . 
 i waved my hand . 
 `` it 's nothing . 
 damon probably took too many steroids and had some reaction . '' 
 bummer . 
 i had been hoping for : i missed you . 
 michael 's head shot up and his body tensed . 
 i turned around to where he looked . 
 damon pushed through the school front doors , strutting across the grass with simon in tow . 
 they headed to the other side of the parking lot . 
 he kept glancing our way with an irritating , cocky smile , but he continued to his car . 
 he gassed the engine and sped out of the parking lot . 
 `` michael ! '' 
 grace 's singsong voice made both of us turn . 
 `` what a surprise . '' 
 her cheeks and most of her face burned slightly red . 
 `` really ? 
 you contacted -- '' michael stopped mid-sentence . 
 something passed between the two of them , but i could n't figure out what . 
 it might take a bit of patience , but i intended to find out . 
 why would grace call michael and tell him about lunch ? 
 it was no big deal . 
 then it dawned on me . 
 `` it seems your old flame 's still holding a bit of a nasty grudge . '' 
 grace shrugged . 
 `` you win some and , in his case , you lose again . 
 the guy 's a meat-head . '' 
 `` maybe it was good i was n't here . '' 
 michael turned and smiled at me . 
 `` well , if my knight-in-shiny-armor services are n't needed ; is there anything else i can help you with ? '' 
 `` well ... '' i said . 
 `` there is this halloween masquerade . 
 we are actually required to go for drama class . 
 i could really use a date . '' 
 chapter 7 of all the halloween themes , we got stuck with famous couples . 
 grace convinced simon to go with her and she took charge of all our outfits . 
 she bought a spartacus costume for michael and a roman slave one for me . 
 i 'd come to trust her and she made me laugh with her charity shop and ebay shopping . 
 the night of the dance i sat in her bathroom on a stool , letting her curl my hair and pin it up . 
 `` does n't spartacus 's wife get murdered ? '' 
 she dropped the curling iron . 
 i swore she caught the hot part in her bare hand but did n't even flinch . 
 setting the curling iron on the counter , she grabbed a few bobby pins . 
 `` are n't all famous couples tragic ? '' 
 her hand was obviously not burned . 
 i pointed at her in the mirror . 
 she was dressed as fashion fairy tale barbie . 
 `` i do n't think barbie and ken have a tragic ending . '' 
 `` touché . 
 but if damon see 's the outfits , he might change that . '' 
 she giggled at my shocked looked in the mirror . 
 `` i 'm just kidding . 
 he 's the one who gave me the idea . '' 
 she pinned the last bobby pin in my hair . 
 `` stand . '' 
 we stared at my reflection . 
 the faded grey-blue slave 's dress had tattered sleeves and hem but i was willing to bet , no slave ever wore a dress this formfitting . 
 grace had tied a black scarf around my waist for a belt . 
 she 'd bought the gorgeous pair of strappy sandals from a second-hand shop . 
 she traced her fingers along her collar bone . 
 `` something 's missing . '' 
 snapping her fingers , she disappeared out of the room . 
 i stared down at my red polished toe nails and leaned against the doorframe . 
 grace had found a gladiator costume on ebay in michael 's size . 
 the thought of his body in a fighter 's outfit created a tingling in my lower abdomen . 
 i was willing to bet spartacus had nothing on michael . 
 hopefully i did n't embarrass myself with staring , or even worse if i 'd start salivating . 
 `` wear this . '' 
 grace held something shiny in her hand . 
 `` it 's not a choker , but we can link the clasp on a shorter part of the chain and make it look like one . 
 the necklace , beautiful and obviously antique , was made of sterling and shone like grace had just polished it . 
 `` i ca n't wear that . '' 
 `` i know roman slaves wore copper , but this is so perfect . 
 it 's -- '' `` too expensive . '' 
 my fingers had a will of their own and reached for the silver . 
 the chain was cool , but the aged celtic pendant had a unique feel . 
 heavy but ... different . 
 i could n't tell if it was hot or cold . 
 i held it up to the light . 
 the pendant turned out to actually be some sort of vial with a ruby inside . 
 `` is this some kind of family heirloom ? '' 
 i 'm not wearing this -- my luck it belonged to caleb 's mother . 
 `` just try it on . '' 
 grace took it from my hand and clipped the chilly metal around my neck . 
 against my skin , the pendant gave me goose bumps but warmed instantly . 
 how in the world did it do that ? 
 `` do n't you look adorable , little sis , '' michael said sarcastically from the hall doorway . 
 `` apparently your idea of tragedy is quite different than the rest of the worlds . '' 
 grace 's bouffant hairdo blocked my view of michael 's face . 
 a round shield covered his body , except for his bare legs and sandaled feet . 
 `` hardy-har-har . '' 
 grace faked a girly laugh . 
 `` my shopping helped you though . 
 you 're quite dashing . '' 
 `` half naked in october ? 
 do n't you th -- '' he froze as i stepped beside grace . 
 grace grinned , a wacky , i-got-you-good smile totally meant for her brother . 
 `` come on , do n't look so serious . 
 it 's halloween ! 
 let her be your slave for a night . '' 
 hot . 
 very hot . 
 muscles and flesh and metal everywhere . 
 no wonder the romans loved their gladiators . 
 he could have been a god . 
 however , the scowl on his face stopped me from sharing my thoughts . 
 he glanced back and forth between the two of us . 
 his face then broke into a half-smile . 
 `` you do make a sexy slave . '' 
 he walked over and reached for the necklace 's pendant . 
 it seemed to burn with his touch . 
 his fingers cooled the skin against my collar and neck . 
 my breath caught . 
 `` this is n't caleb 's , is it ? '' 
 he chuckled . 
 leaning forward , he gave me a tender kiss on the forehead . 
 `` it 's definitely not caleb 's . '' 
 he tucked a stray curl behind my ear . 
 my head spun . 
 i was n't sure if it was from the moment as it seemed like something deeper than just words were being said , or if it was michael 's close proximity , or the fact i 'd forgotten to breathe . 
 grace sighed quietly . 
 i guess we should get going . '' 
 we headed down the stairs . 
 i stared at michael 's almost bare back . 
 nice tight muscles , smooth skin with slightly protruding boney shoulders . 
 the guy probably had zero body fat . 
 sarah waited at the bottom with a digital camera . 
 she snapped a photo and looked at the screen . 
 `` there 's a back flash from rouge . '' 
 sarah glanced up and stared at my neck , her eyes grew big . 
 `` michael , did you put the siorghra on her ? '' 
 she sounded ... almost hopeful . 
 i stopped on the second to last step . 
 what the heck 's going on ? 
 these people seemed to be leaving half their sentences inside their heads . 
 what 's a senora , or whatever they called it ? 
 there was obviously some hidden meaning . 
 more strange secrets . 
 i intended to find out , after i knocked the necklace against the back of the head of grace . 
 `` grace put it on . '' 
 michael winked . 
 at me or sarah ? 
 i could n't tell . 
 `` it suits the outfit , does n't it ? '' 
 grace , grinning like a madman , finally spoke up . 
 `` it looks gorgeous . 
 rouge looks gorgeous . '' 
 sarah opened a closet door . 
 `` sweetie , take this scarf wrap , in case you get cold . '' 
 she held a sapphire blue scarf out to me . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i wrapped the pretty scarf around my wrist not sure if i 'd need it . 
 better to have it and not need it . 
 we drove to the school in michael 's car . 
 my gladiator would never ride in a tiny smartcar . 
 the music could be heard from the parking lot . 
 i climbed out of the car , setting the scarf on top as i flipped the seat forward so grace could crawl out . 
 we walked around the side of the school and found simon leaning against the wall outside the gymnasium , dressed as tuxedo ken . 
 he grinned when he saw grace . 
 `` it 's about time . 
 i was beginning to think you were going to stand me up ! 
 damon said -- '' `` he here ? '' 
 michael glanced around . 
 `` damon ? '' 
 simon 's eyebrow 's mashed together . 
 `` no , he had some family function or something . '' 
 `` probably could n't find a date . '' 
 grace whispered . 
 we headed inside . 
 the gymnasium had been transformed . 
 there were flickering lights set against the walls to look like fireplaces , roughly hand made tables and benches lined one side and students sat drinking , snacking and laughing . 
 painted brick patterns covered the walls and floors . 
 a pair of thrones sat on the stage with stage . 
 an ancient castle made to look present day . 
 a big cauldron filled with fruit punch stood to the left of the stage . 
 `` i 'll get us some drinks . '' 
 michael gave my hand a light squeeze before disappearing into the crowd . 
 i shivered . 
 the janitor had probably put the fans or air-conditioning on in the gym . 
 realizing i 'd left the scarf on the hood of the car . 
 i leaned toward grace . 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 jogging to the car , i hoped it had n't disappeared . 
 it was n't on the top where i 'd left it . 
 bending down , i looked under the car and frowned . 
 not there . 
 i straightened and checked the top of the trunk and hood . 
 the wind had blown it against the wiper and luckily it had caught on the end . 
 i wrapped it over my shoulders . 
 i turned around to head back to the gym and nearly jumped out of my skin . 
 damon stood before me , his arms crossed tight over his chest . 
 `` sheesh . 
 you scared me . '' 
 i swallowed . 
 `` i did n't hear you come up . '' 
 `` did you come with her ? 
 simon said he was going as her flippin ' -- ken . '' 
 he spat on the ground and then leaned forward , his pitch black eyes and hot breath smacked against my face like a slap . 
 `` i 'm obviously concerned for his safety . '' 
 this guy 's freaking nuts . 
 `` i 've no clue what you 're talking about . '' 
 was he drunk ? 
 as i looked into his eyes to see the tell-tale red on white , damon stepped back , like i terrified him . 
 `` you are so going to burn in hell for this one . 
 you think you can squirm your way into that family ? '' 
 he was crazy . 
 `` you 're the stupidest person i 've ever met , and believe me i 've met some real idiots . '' 
 `` listen , bi -- '' he stopped mid-sentence and reached for my neck . 
 jammed between him and the mustang , i had nowhere to go . 
 my hands curled into fists and rose by my neck , trying to protect it . 
 was he going to strangle me right in the school parking lot ? 
 instead , he stepped back again , pulling one hand back like i 'd burned him . 
 he swiped at my throat with the hand still in the air . 
 he 's trying to grab my necklace . 
 i clutched the pendant , worried he 'd lean in and rip it off . 
 instead , he kept his distance , but the venom in his voice could n't be missed . 
 `` so help me , rouge . 
 if you ever come near me again , i 'll destroy you . 
 i know exactly what their kind are . 
 and i 'm not alone . 
 more know . 
 lots more . '' 
 he snorted , pointing at me . 
 `` yeah , you tell your precious michael that . 
 let him know we 're going to annihilate him . '' 
 he turned and ran off into the darkness . 
 he 's definitely crazy . 
 i could n't move . 
 i 'd forgotten how to breathe . 
 my brain told my body to walk back to the gym , to get there as fast as i could , but i stood frozen , clasping the pendant protectively in my hand . 
 `` you okay ? 
 what 's taking so long ? '' 
 michael walked around the front of the car . 
 i jumped . 
 dazed , i stared at him . 
 what had damon meant about michael 's kind . 
 `` i , um , left sarah 's shawl on top of the car and came out to get it . 
 d-damon stopped by ... '' my voice trailed off . 
 `` what ? '' 
 michael swung around , doing a three sixty . 
 `` where 'd he go ? '' 
 `` i dunno . '' 
 i raised my hand and twirled my fingers and then snapped . 
 `` one moment he was here and the next , gone . '' 
 i stared into the darkness where damon had disappeared . 
 `` let 's get outta here . '' 
 he unlocked the car doors . 
 i blinked , trying to focus . 
 `` we ca n't just leave grace . '' 
 damon could go after her . 
 `` i 'll let her know . '' 
 `` no . 
 you wait here and i 'll ask simon to drive grace home . '' 
 i needed a moment to catch my breath and my nerves . 
 `` i can -- never mind . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` go . 
 i 'll make sure damon 's sorry ass is n't poking around . '' 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 i sprinted off to the gym . 
 my wobbly legs needed to run out the adrenalin stuck inside them . 
 grace was n't hard to spot on the dance floor . 
 she looked like she 'd been expecting me . 
 simon seemed to be dancing on his own . 
 `` do you mind driving grace home ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 he replied before grace had a chance . 
 `` love to ! 
 what kind of ken would i be ? '' 
 grace shook her head , looking directly at me . 
 `` what 'd he want ? '' 
 did she mean damon ? 
 i had n't mentioned a thing . 
 i swallowed . 
 damon had taken off in the other direction . 
 he would n't come back tonight . 
 `` michael and i just want to hang out . '' 
 simon put his hand up for a high five , which i slapped , not understanding why . 
 `` you go , girl ! '' 
 `` you 're still sleeping over , right ? '' 
 grace asked . 
 `` yeah , i 'll see you back at the house . '' 
 i gave her a hug and went to meet michael waiting in the car . 
 we sat in silence as michael drove . 
 staring absently out the window , i tried to figure out damon 's weird behavior . 
 maybe he was on drugs . 
 maybe he had something wrong with the processes in his brain . 
 the lack of cars and streetlights stopped my train of thought . 
 a bluish hue covered everything from the bright night sky . 
 `` where 're we going ? '' 
 `` we have a cabin by the lake . 
 i figured we could hang out there for a bit . '' 
 he let his foot off the gas . 
 `` that does n't sound right at all . 
 we hit a tim horton 's . '' 
 `` should i be scared ? '' 
 i teased . 
 `` you 're taking me to a hidden cabin in the woods and next week will i be the front headlines in all the national papers ? '' 
 `` ha-ha . '' 
 he laughed sarcastically . 
 `` the place is like fifteen minutes away . 
 i just thought it 'd be easy to talk there . 
 i go when i want some peace and quiet . '' 
 `` then let 's go . 
 we 're almost there now . '' 
 i trusted michael and i had a few questions myself . 
 he flipped the blinker on and headed onto the exit . 
 `` it 's just a couple miles down the road from here . '' 
 ten minutes later he pulled onto a gravel lane . 
 he drove the car easily through the dark forest . 
 a cabin stood in the distance with a glass lake stretching behind it . 
 the cabin was the kind you saw in those country magazines . 
 modern , with a vintage look but absolutely gorgeous . 
 michael , still in his spartacus outfit and oblivious to the cool air , opened the door and switched lights on as i followed him in . 
 simple shades of beige colored the walls , mixed in with wood and brown leather furniture . 
 my gaze caught on the six tall windows facing the lake . 
 the lack of style inside the cabin disappeared by staring out those windows . 
 `` i 'll get a fire going . '' 
 he opened a brass ornately decorated box and started to toss the wood into the brick fireplace . 
 he had the logs snapping and flames dancing in moments . 
 taking my hand , he pulled me over to the couch . 
 my legs barely touched the leather , and he leaned in to kiss me . 
 i returned with frantic kisses while his hands roamed down my back , his fingers finding their way to rest along the spaces between my ribs , his nails scraping against my shirt . 
 everywhere he touched shocks of longing started on my skin and ran through my blood to my heart . 
 i swear i was going to explode . 
 groaning , michael gently , but firmly , pushed me away . 
 i did n't want to stop , he tasted like i needed more of him . 
 i leaned in to fill the space between us . 
 the fire 's reflection danced against his bare shoulders . 
 `` rouge , '' he whispered , `` we need to talk . 
 if you keep doing this , we 're not going to get anywhere . '' 
 `` i really do n't have anything important to say . '' 
 if we talked , something would change . 
 do n't know why i knew it , but i did . 
 could n't i just have this moment -- for like ten minutes ? 
 `` rouge . '' 
 the warning tone in his voice made me straighten and watch him . 
 he was right . 
 we needed to talk . 
 michael stared into the fire , resting his elbows on his knees and rubbing his hands together . 
 he sat quiet , both of us trying to catch our breath . 
 finally , he sighed . 
 `` what did damon want ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` he does n't like your family much . '' 
 michael sat rigid . 
 `` tell me exactly what happened . '' 
 `` it was stupid . 
 total loser . 
 he acted all worried about simon . 
 then he looked at me like i scared him . '' 
 i paused , waiting for michael to stop clenching and unclenching his hands . 
 `` the guy 's psycho . 
 i thought he was going to steal the necklace . '' 
 michael inhaled and exhaled loudly , his nostrils flaring . 
 something about damon 's comments gnawed at me . 
 i tapped a finger against the top of my knee , not sure if i should ask michael or just ignore damon 's useless babble . 
 honesty or nothing . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` he said he knows what you are . 
 what the heck 's he talking about ? 
 is caleb part of some sort of mafia ? '' 
 michael snickered then covered his mouth . 
 `` sorry . 
 that was rude of me . 
 trying to picture caleb eating spaghetti like some tv mafia-guy ... '' he shook his head . 
 `` if you knew caleb , you 'd get it . '' 
 he moved , and shifted me as well , so we sat facing each other . 
 he took my hands and rested them on his knees , laying his on top . 
 more strange talk . 
 maybe there was something wrong with the water here . 
 i pulled a hand out of michael 's and touched the pendant . 
 `` what is this necklace ? '' 
 ignoring my question , michael stared at the window behind me . 
 `` damon knows what the pendant stands for . 
 he knows who we are . '' 
 he removed his hands from mine and began picking his perfectly clean fingernails . 
 why the sudden nervousness ? 
 `` what ? '' 
 i 'd get answers tonight , if i had to shake them out of him . 
 `` whose necklace is this ? '' 
 `` mine , '' he whispered , not looking up . 
 i slid the pendant along the chain . 
 not really a surprise , is it ? 
 `` what 's inside ? '' 
 `` blood ... my human blood . '' 
 wha - ? 
 i did n't expect that as a reply . 
 the pendant dropped with a clunk against my chest . 
 `` if it 's you 're blood , why would n't it be human ? '' 
 michael rubbed his face . 
 `` it 's complicated . 
 grace has one as well . 
 we all do . 
 it 's called a siorghra . '' 
 `` siar -- a what ? '' 
 crazy alert -- again . 
 get out of the cabin and start running through the forest . 
 nah , you know what happens in horror movies . 
 i ignored my own warning , too curious about the necklace and what michael might say . 
 i held my tongue , waiting for michael to wrestle with whatever demons he was fighting and explain what on earth he was talking about . 
 `` the siorghra was created as a link . 
 it 's gaelic , a term for eternal love . 
 sarah and caleb wear each others . 
 once on , it can never come off . '' 
 i reached for the pendant . 
 i 'd be wearing this for the rest of my life ? 
 `` what ! 
 never ? '' 
 `` i did n't put it on you , so it can be taken off . '' 
 michael sighed . 
 `` i meant it wo n't fall off or be broken unless specific things happen . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` i have to put it on you , it 's my blood . '' 
 freaky -- but kind of romantic at the same time . 
 `` you 're sister 's pretty gutsy . '' 
 `` yeah , she likes pushing me when she can . '' 
 he chuckled and relaxed . 
 they obviously had sibling affection i 'd never experienced . 
 `` is this something caleb 's family created ? '' 
 `` in a way . '' 
 i hated how he was answering my questions with bits and pieces . 
 sighing , i blew the bangs away from my forehead . 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 you want to talk , but you 're not really telling me anything . '' 
 michael pushed off the couch and began pacing in front of the fire . 
 his costume clinked and sparkled against the flickering light . 
 i kind of hoped it would irritate him and he 'd pull the top off . 
 he paced back and forth about ten times . 
 just when i was about to suggest we head back , he began talking . 
 `` that -- '' he pointed to the pendant on my neck `` -- is the last bit of me that still holds life . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he stopped pacing . 
 `` i 'm not who you think i am . '' 
 ah , double crapper . 
 i did n't know what was going on , but after seeing that beast a few months back nothing would seem unbelievable . 
 `` you acted all scared about the book i got , but then got ticked when i asked if you were one of those grawlics . '' 
 i started laughing , the nervousness inside of me escaping . 
 `` grollics , '' he corrected . 
 `` i 'm not one . 
 we are in no way related . 
 but ... we are the same in a sense . '' 
 `` you 're kidding . '' 
 `` i wish i was . '' 
 he sat down beside me . 
 the sadness in his eyes tore little bits off my heart . 
 `` what 're you trying to tell me ? '' 
 he stared at the necklace . 
 his eyes were bright blue against the reflection of the fire , almost aqua-green in color . 
 `` i 'm not like you ... anymore . '' 
 i could n't get my head around this conversation . 
 `` it does n't make any sense . 
 you said this is your blood . '' 
 his eyes closed . 
 `` grace and i , we were ... like you ... about a hundred and forty years ago . 
 the man i knew as my father was n't my ... my biological father . 
 grace and i never knew . '' 
 this was jacked up . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` our ... my mother was raped before she married my father . 
 on the day of their wedding , just before they took their vows . 
 she never told us , we learned about it after her death . '' 
 my mouth fell open . 
 `` that 's awful . '' 
 what a secret to carry . 
 `` maybe your dad really was your father . '' 
 i felt i was grasping at straws . 
 `` you know fifty-fifty chance . '' 
 `` no , '' he spoke sharply . 
 `` mother was raped by someone you could never imagine . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i could n't believe i was actually having this conversation , and believing it . 
 `` you know those greek mythology stories about the gods coming down and having children with humans ? '' 
 my eyes grew huge . 
 `` you 're the son of zeus ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he shook his head and dragged his fingers through his hair . 
 `` shit ! 
 i 'm screwing everything up . 
 i was trying to use it as a comparison . 
 the greeks used these folklore stories because they are partially true , they just got the heavenly participants mixed up . '' 
 he waited , obviously wanting me to guess . 
 `` okay , '' i said slowly . 
 `` you 're a soul returned back to earth . 
 or , you 're living some reincarnated life ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm part ... '' he began pacing again . 
 something clicked in the back of my mind . 
 `` angel ? '' 
 `` sort of . '' 
 he threw his hands in the air . 
 `` this is so hard to explain . 
 grace used to joke about angels , saying we were distant third cousins , once removed . '' 
 `` an angel raped your mother ? '' 
 that did n't make sense . 
 impossible . 
 `` i know what you 're thinking , but not all angels are good . 
 they come from both ends of the spectrum . 
 we 're not angels . 
 my mother was not an angel . 
 we still do n't know the entire process or what exactly created us . 
 we think it may have something to do with fallen ones but are n't completely sure . 
 one thing for sure , caleb is different than us . '' 
 `` caleb 's one , too ? '' 
 this was unbelievable . 
 `` we all are . 
 sarah found grace and me . 
 she met caleb later and they gave each other their siorghra . '' 
 he tapped his head , as if trying to knock out a noise . 
 i thought about how similar sarah , grace and michael looked with their tanned skin . 
 except caleb 's so ... so dark . 
 well , he was pale , but he seemed ... i did n't know . 
 maybe he came from the bad guys . 
 the only thing he had in common was -- `` you all have blue eyes . '' 
 so they 're some kind of immortal . 
 michael 's brows went up in surprise . 
 `` grace and i had brown . 
 they turned blue when we died . '' 
 `` what ? 
 dead ? '' 
 i rubbed the heel of my palm against my forehead . 
 `` slow down a bit . 
 i think i 'm missing something here . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` grace and i did n't know until we were killed . '' 
 killed ? 
 chapter 8 `` what ? '' 
 my back burned near my left shoulder blade . 
 i reached behind and rubbed the muscles . 
 could this conversation get any stranger ? 
 was i actually starting to believe him ? 
 `` that 's the worst thing about being one of us , being a slightly nephilim . 
 you do n't know until you 're dead . '' 
 `` nympho ? '' 
 wait . 
 that did n't sound right . 
 my cheeks went hot . 
 michael laughed . 
 `` i 'm not a nymphomaniac -- at least , i do n't think so . 
 we 're sort of nephilim . 
 fallen angels . 
 only a small , tiny part , we 're also something else . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` it 's really complicated . '' 
 i opened my mouth , but nothing came out . 
 what could i say ? 
 `` you know , i 've never told anyone . '' 
 he swallowed and rolled his eyes at the ceiling . 
 `` caleb 's going to peel a layer of skin off me when he finds out i 've told you . '' 
 `` that 's horrible ! '' 
 caleb was a monster , probably related to the grollics . 
 `` not literally . 
 he 's just going to be pissed . '' 
 i stood , feeling the need to get my bearings . 
 everything felt backwards . 
 i rolled my shoulders trying to get the burning muscles on my left side to relax . 
 `` this is way too much . '' 
 i rubbed my eyes , not caring if my makeup smudged . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i should n't have said anything . 
 the world 's complicated enough and i just threw more confusion into it . '' 
 michael checked his watch . 
 `` it 's getting late . 
 i guess we should probably head back to the house . '' 
 he pulled his ear . 
 `` sheesh ! 
 grace wo n't let up . 
 she wants to know where we are and if everything 's all right . '' 
 `` say what ? '' 
 he chuckled , breaking the intensity of the moment . 
 `` might as well spill it all . 
 it 's different between grace and me . 
 we 're twins , born and killed at the same time . 
 caleb 's never seen it before . 
 and he 's seen a lot . 
 i basically filed most of what he said into my brain to try and think about later . 
 i stuck to the basics . 
 `` so , you can read her mind because of it ? '' 
 `` sort of . 
 grace and i are kind of unique - like talking on the phone without the phone . 
 we can tune each other out whenever we want . 
 i ca n't read grace 's private thoughts anymore than she can read mine . '' 
 despite the seriousness of the situation , i giggled . 
 `` i got a feeling you tune her out a lot more than she does you . '' 
 `` a little . '' 
 he smiled , his eyes flashing . 
 `` why do you all have the exact same eye color ? '' 
 michael glanced at the pendant around my neck . 
 `` caleb figures when we die , our blood loses its oxygen . 
 blood turns blue without oxygen . '' 
 like our veins . 
 `` you do n't age ? 
 if you 've been around for a hundred and forty years and caleb 's been around for , like , forever ... '' `` you remain the age you were at the time of your death . '' 
 `` but you and grace are so young . '' 
 `` long story . '' 
 he checked his watch again . 
 `` too long to get into tonight . '' 
 i planted my legs and crossed my arms . 
 this was way too fascinating to have him just tell me a little and say it 's time to go . 
 `` i 'm not finished . 
 i have more questions . '' 
 i had n't even started to scratch the surface . 
 `` what 's with caleb ? '' 
 michael began pushing the logs around in the fire with a cast iron stick , trying to get it to die down . 
 `` he 's an original of the coven . '' 
 `` coven ? '' 
 i sounded like a parrot . 
 it sounded like some vampire story . 
 next he 'd be telling me they existed as well . 
 `` kind of like royalty ... original bloodlines . 
 that 's another very complicated story . 
 there are not many of his kind . 
 he 's extremely powerful and much respected in our world . 
 no one crosses him . 
 he 's monumental to all of us . '' 
 michael shook his head , his hair falling forward . 
 `` we really need to get back to the house . 
 i did n't take my phone and caleb 's bugging grace now . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 i grabbed my shawl off the couch . 
 `` we 'll go , but you 're driving slowly . 
 i have a million questions . '' 
 michael smiled . 
 `` i 've a feeling they 're never going to end . '' 
 he killed the fire and we left . 
 my brain would n't stop humming as we drove . 
 `` if you and grace were together when you ... when you ... '' i could n't finish the sentence . 
 `` did caleb find you after ? '' 
 michael focused on the road , his tanned knuckles white as he squeezed the wheel . 
 `` sarah found us . 
 we had no idea what was happening , but she knew . '' 
 he was silent for a moment , either concentrating on the stop light , or reliving what happened . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` caleb met sarah a bunch of years later , after she 'd adopted us . 
 he saw her and immediately gave her his siorghra . 
 she did the same without question . 
 they were simply drawn to each other . 
 caleb had been alone before he met her . 
 she was his first . '' 
 i stared at my spartacus sitting so close , but seeming from another world . 
 there was so much information to sort through . 
 it did n't scare me , but rather fascinated me . 
 it was like i 'd been waiting all my life for him . 
 i 'd never fit in anywhere and this all made sense , like it was a part of me or my ancestry . 
 i do n't know why i felt the ties , but another part of me was horrified at the thought . 
 what i did understand : i wanted to wear michael 's siorghra more than anything . 
 it also made me wish i had one to give him . 
 we pulled into the driveway and walked silently to the house . 
 doubt began to fill my head . 
 what if his family was angry i knew their secret ? 
 what would caleb say ? 
 michael took my hand and pulled me closer to him as we reached the front steps . 
 brushing close , his silk skin touched mine and i groaned . 
 `` i need to change . 
 i ca n't talk to your family wearing this . '' 
 inside , michael led me straight upstairs . 
 `` i got ta change , too . '' 
 he kissed my forehead and turned toward his room . 
 `` take your time . 
 i 'll meet you downstairs . '' 
 i walked into grace 's empty room . 
 changing into a pair of jeans and plain long sleeve top , i kept michael 's siorghra on and slipped it inside my shirt . 
 time to head into the lion 's den . 
 first , i needed to pee . 
 i slipped into the bathroom . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 i nearly jumped ten feet when grace spoke . 
 i switched light on . 
 she sat on the counter , her bare feet swinging in the air . 
 `` you scared the heck out of me ! '' 
 my heart felt ready to explode , and there she sat , all chipper and smiley . 
 `` why 're you sitting in the bathroom , in the dark ? '' 
 i punched her shoulder . 
 `` was n't sure if michael would come in the room too . 
 did n't know if you needed some privacy . '' 
 grace tilted her head . 
 `` sooo , you know our dirty little secret . '' 
 `` kinda . '' 
 she slid off the counter and staring at me . 
 then suddenly she lunged at me and swung her arms around me , hugging me tight . 
 it was a moment before she let go and it took me a moment longer to catch my breath . 
 `` i knew you were special the moment i saw you . 
 i knew you 'd totally get it . '' 
 `` you 're crazy . 
 even nuttier for putting the siorghra on me . '' 
 i touched the necklace , loving the feel of it but not wanting to admit it . 
 `` you needed to know . 
 i figured michael would tell you tonight if i did . 
 i 've no idea how , but you 're involved in this as well . 
 i feel it . '' 
 she stepped back and stared at me intently . 
 `` you do n't care about what we are , do you ? '' 
 me ? 
 involved ? 
 how and in what ? 
 `` why should i judge you ? 
 i liked you before and nothing 's different . '' 
 she squealed and hugged me again , shorter in length but still enough to knock the wind out of me again . 
 `` it 's about time michael met someone . 
 you are so worth keeping around . '' 
 i wanted to ask if i might be like them . 
 maybe i was some sort of fallen whatever they were . 
 it kind of makes sense . 
 i did n't know my parents and always had the feeling of needing my freedom -- that there was something more out there . 
 `` they 're waiting . 
 you ready ? '' 
 grace interrupted my thoughts . 
 my throat suddenly dry , i nodded . 
 `` wait . 
 i need to pee . '' 
 like a best friend , she waited in the hall and we headed downstairs together . 
 heavy silence greeted us in the living room . 
 michael sat on the couch , dressed in jeans and a white shirt . 
 grace pulled me into the room and set me between her and michael . 
 caleb sat by the desk . 
 sarah stood behind him , her hand on his shoulder . 
 they made a stunning couple , and also frightening in a way i could n't quite grasp . 
 `` rouge knows , '' michael said in a low voice . 
 caleb 's eyes narrowed as he stared at me . 
 he did n't say anything for a few minutes . 
 then completely ignoring me , he turned back to michael . 
 `` i never considered you an idiot . '' 
 my breath caught in my throat . 
 i figured he 'd be angry , but i did n't think he 'd act like i was some kind of insignificant fixation . 
 i opened my mouth to say something and then closed it . 
 it 's not my turn to speak . 
 this conversation was between michael and caleb . 
 `` i 'm not . '' 
 michael 's jaw twitched . 
 `` rouge 's not what you think . 
 she 's trustworthy . '' 
 `` it goes against the coven and its plans . '' 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` this 'll only bring trouble upon all of us -- your family . 
 you need to consider this very carefully . 
 i will ask once , what are your intentions ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 i need time to think things through . '' 
 `` think things through ? 
 do you think you should have considered that before you went and told her ? 
 decide , michael . 
 i am not willing to risk our safety for this child . 
 a girl , who you know nothing about . 
 do you know her past ? '' 
 my past ? 
 i had nothing to hide . 
 i literally had nothing . 
 `` i understand your concern . '' 
 how did michael stay so calm sitting on the couch ? 
 i could n't stop my right knee from bouncing . 
 michael leaned forward . 
 `` rouge 's not the issue . 
 what happened tonight is . 
 while we were at the school , a boy approached her . 
 he saw my siorghra on her neck . 
 he threatened her , threatened us . '' 
 `` you put your siorghra on her ? '' 
 caleb screamed . 
 grace spoke matter-of-factly , `` no , i did ... to go with the costume . '' 
 caleb threw his hand up to stop her . 
 `` i 'll speak with you later . '' 
 his eyes whipped over to me . 
 `` who 's the boy ? '' 
 i swallowed , trying to push the butterflies back down my throat . 
 my shoulder blade began burning again . 
 `` damon said ... he knew what you are ... '' i took a deep breath . 
 when caleb did n't reply i added , `` he plans on destroying you . '' 
 `` he what ? '' 
 caleb roared . 
 his nostrils flared , and faster than i 'd ever seen anyone move , he flung the desk across the room . 
 papers flew everywhere , as if trying to get away from him . 
 `` a boy ? 
 a damn boy tried to intimidate my family ? 
 impossible ! '' 
 he glared at all three of us on the couch . 
 `` is this the first time ? '' 
 my butt clung to the couch beneath me and i leaned against michael 's shoulder . 
 how could someone toss a desk like it was a book ? 
 forcing courage , i made myself sit straight . 
 grace did n't even flinch at caleb 's outburst . 
 `` damon hit on me a while back and got no where . 
 he 's nothing , just a boy who 's jealous . 
 he does n't know anything . 
 it 's a bloody game . '' 
 she glanced at me before shifting back to caleb . 
 `` he 's got a bit of a grudge and took it out on rouge at school when were we hanging out in the courtyard a while back . 
 he 's not worth it . '' 
 caleb paced , his hands clenched behind his back . 
 `` this boy threatened you ? '' 
 he turned and glowered at her , his eyes shone a brilliant blue . 
 i pressed myself closer to michael as he continued , `` and you did nothing ? '' 
 sarah interrupted , `` he 's human ? '' 
 michael nodded . 
 `` he 's young . 
 too young to be -- '' `` he 's just an idiot on a steroid rant . '' 
 grace met caleb 's stare and then purposely turned to the overturned desk . 
 caleb 's angry voice rang across the room . 
 `` is there anything about this person you do know ? 
 who 's his family ? 
 his friends ? 
 is he a serious threat ? 
 what and why does he know ? 
 something 's being missed . 
 a random nobody does get what the pendant represents . 
 does he need to be eliminated ? '' 
 sarah touched his shoulder . 
 `` we ca n't get rid of him until we understand what he knows . 
 who he 's with . 
 kill without questioning him and we accomplish nothing . 
 we must remove the threat -- all of it . '' 
 she sounded military . 
 what kind of lives had each of them led ? 
 what had they done in order to survive undetected to the human eye ? 
 caleb stood statue still . 
 `` michael , find out about this idiot , and if he and his little posse are any hindrance to us . 
 get rid of the girl , she 's of no use . '' 
 he dismissed us with a wave of his hand and stomped to his office , the slamming blood-red painted door reverberating throughout the house . 
 some kind of crystal shattered in the kitchen . 
 sarah touched michael 's shoulder . 
 `` i 'll talk to caleb . '' 
 she kissed him on the top of his head , and went into the office . 
 `` this is n't good , '' grace whispered , more to herself than us . 
 `` michael , '' i said , my world crumbling and knowing i had to do what was right . 
 `` i do n't want trouble with caleb . 
 he 's right , your family comes first . '' 
 i reached and squeezed his hand before standing . 
 `` take care of what you need to . 
 i 'm going to head home . '' 
 he stayed seated on the couch , looking confused . 
 grace jumped up and ran to the hall . 
 `` take my car . '' 
 i caught the keys she tossed me automatically , like a robot , and watched her run up the stairs . 
 michael sat still frozen on the couch . 
 all of a sudden my heart began tearing . 
 he 's not going to fight for me . 
 there 's no such thing as a white knight . 
 after everything i 'd learned , he had n't told me everything . 
 i was n't supposed to be here . 
 i walked the few steps back to him and leaned forward to lightly brush my trembling lips against his cheek . 
 he whispered in my ear , `` it 's not safe for you to be with us . 
 i knew this was too dangerous . 
 i should never have talked to you that night you were running . 
 this is all my fault . '' 
 he gently traced my lips with a finger . 
 `` i 'll try and come for you , but it 's better if you just forget about us . 
 act like we never existed . '' 
 in dead silence , i left the house . 
 first there 's grollics and now ... it was too much for my little head to comprehend . 
 driving home i realized i still had michael 's siorghra . 
 i snorted . 
 well , at least he 'll have to see me one more time . 
 i could n't shake the terrible sense of doom . 
 we 'd just been on the edge of something that felt so real . 
 for the first time in my entire life , i was crying for someone i loved . 
 chapter 9 the next morning , i could n't tell if my head or heart hurt worse . 
 my eyes stung from the tears i 'd shed and my throat killed from the crying it had tried to swallow . 
 however , my shattered heart made the thought of getting out of bed almost too hard to bear . 
 tempted to skip school i only went because i hoped to see grace . 
 pulling into a parking space at school with the smartcar , i wondered if michael might drop grace off . 
 no such luck . 
 i waited near the entrance of the school and reluctantly headed to class when the buzzer went . 
 her empty desk in first hour made my stomach drop . 
 the only plus side of the day was damon 's absence as well . 
 i trudged through classes optimistic i might see grace after school ... only to be disappointed . 
 i drove home after school , parked in the driveway and locked the door . 
 i had no intention of driving it again . 
 after the incident last night , returning the car without being asked did n't seem likely . 
 there was no way i would go to the house without being invited . 
 neither michael nor grace contacted me through the week or weekend . 
 three weeks past , and jim and sally began to grumble about me hanging out in the house . 
 for the first time since moving in with them three years ago they did n't want me around . 
 i avoided them by staying in my room . 
 in the darkened bedroom one evening , i lay staring at the cracked ceiling and wondered how to bring grace 's car back . 
 did i have enough courage to drive to their house , knock on the door , and hand the key back ? 
 no way . 
 i thought about parking it at the school and mailing the keys back but my luck , it would get towed away . 
 `` get to the point , dipstick , '' i mumbled to myself . 
 i was pretending to wrack my brain only as an excuse to see michael . 
 it killed me that he had n't tried to contact me . 
 no effort . 
 whatsoever . 
 the guy spilled his guts and told me to leave . 
 so much for liking the good guy . 
 it 's all i had been thinking about , night and day for almost a month . 
 now i just did n't want to think anymore . 
 in a huff , i jumped off the bed and grabbed my backpack off the floor . 
 i 'd bought a calendar for the new year . 
 flipping to january , i stared at the box with the number seven in it . 
 my birthday . 
 eighteen . 
 all that was left after that would be graduation , and then my freedom from the system . 
 which meant i 'd be on my own . 
 slapping the calendar shut , i turned away and tapped my fingers against my leg . 
 i needed distraction , something to do which did n't require thinking about the future . 
 staring at the walls around my decrepit room , my eyes rested on the mess inside my closet . 
 perfect . 
 i dropped to my knees and began tossing dirty clothes into one pile , others that needed to be hung into another and shoes to be paired to the side . 
 while digging , i grabbed something rectangular and soft half buried in the clutter . 
 i pulled it out and gasped . 
 the beast book . 
 grollic monstrum . 
 the worn leather felt comforting against my fingers . 
 i flipped it open to the beginning . 
 the first pages were written in some foreign language so i skimmed them , simply glancing at the drawings . 
 funny , i thought the first page had said something in english ... like a definition or something . 
 the closet mess forgotten , i crawled onto the bed . 
 about a third of the way through the book , the words turned to english . 
 it talked about a war between grollics and their worst enemy , and how it all began . 
 it turned into a narration and the beast in the forest seeming like a distant memory now , i settled into the pillows to read . 
 an aged grollic tried to help a young woman lost in a forest looking for a cottage . 
 she seemed afraid of the beast but dainty as she may have appeared , the woman had strength inside of her beyond any human ability . 
 she threw the old man aside and attacked the others with him , killing all but him . 
 she claimed she 'd spared him as he 'd tried to aid her , even though she had no right to save him . 
 the eye for the eye . 
 the old grollic planned his revenge . 
 he watched the woman and learned where she travelled . 
 he waited for the day when the white-caped girl returned to the cottage on the other side of the woods . 
 he raced ahead to the clearing and easily killed the unknowing man inside , then waited for the girl . 
 the girl approached and the moment she entered the house , he attacked . 
 claws reaching to rip her neck just missed , but as the grollic stumbled he sank his teeth into something warm . 
 the girl grabbed a chair and smashed it over the grollics back . 
 they fought through the small cottage , breaking almost everything inside , including themselves . 
 near death , the girl barely managed to escape through a narrow window . 
 how she managed to race away in to the forest , the grollic thought he 'd never know the answer . 
 her now red cape -- covered in blood -- flapped behind her as if nodding it knew the truth . 
 the grollic had killed because of what she had done to his family . 
 the stunned grollic stared . 
 what he had thought was a cape , had actually been wings . 
 weak and shattered , he fell back against the wall . 
 the fight between the two had nearly killed them both . 
 he then understood their bloods could not mix . 
 they shared unique powers , but those powers could never be blended . 
 they each had the ability to destroy , as if they 'd been born to battle against each other . 
 thus began the war as both vowed to never find peace until either race was obliterated . 
 the grollic may not have understood what he met that day , but he did learn the blood running inside his body could poison hers and vice versa . 
 holding the book between my fingers , i sat back , eyes wide . 
 my favorite nursery story as a child was little red riding hood . 
 boy , had this story changed from the original version . 
 i turned the page . 
 both sides of the book had hand written , in point form , notes about the girl and possible ways to kill or stop her . 
 other questions asked if there was more than one girl and how they came into existence . 
 simple sketches filled the pages . 
 i could n't make heads or tails of those any more than the handwritten stuff . 
 bile rose in the back of my throat when i flipped to the next page . 
 the right side displayed a crudely hand drawn grollic . 
 a disgustingly ugly one . 
 a series of diagrams showed a man turning into the grollic . 
 each picture had detailed anatomy and notes along the sides . 
 interesting , the grollic 's heart was actually on the right side of its body , higher up than on most animals or humans . 
 in human-form , the heart rested on the left side but as he shifted into grollic-form , the heart would also shift . 
 it was the last picture my eyes kept flitting back to - the mammoth size of the beast , the ferocious face with yellow eyes and snarl of sharp teeth . 
 the drawing so life like , it kept bringing me back to that night in the forest . 
 i shivered , and tried to swallow . 
 an eerie scraping noise against my window nearly had me screaming . 
 i closed my eyes , willing the noise to stop . 
 it did n't . 
 inhaling a long , slow breath , i then opened my eyes and focused on the window , too scared to get up and look outside . 
 do n't be such a freakin ' wimp . 
 squinty , i realized the wind had picked up and a broken branch hung onto another limb . 
 it scraped against the window as the wind blew the still connected limb . 
 a big gust knocked the loose branch down and the ting against the roof of jim 's car told me it 'd landed . 
 my heart still in my throat , i shook my head in disgust . 
 wimp . 
 loser . 
 i chided myself . 
 get back to reading . 
 except i now had to put my hand over the monster 's picture to focus on the other side of the book . 
 i stared at the human drawing . 
 a small marking caught my attention , above the right aorta of the heart near the collar bone . 
 it showed a detailed drawing of the tattoo on the corner of the page . 
 i squinted . 
 somewhere in the back of my mind i recalled seeing it before . 
 scratching my scalp , i could n't place where . 
 the remainder of the book switched back into the weird foreign writing . 
 i shut it and tossed it onto my nightstand . 
 enough stupid monsters for one night . 
 the clock radio read 1:30 a.m. before switching the light off , i glanced at my messy pile on the floor . 
 it would give me something to do , a reason to get out of bed since tomorrow was saturday . 
 weird dreams visited me throughout the night . 
 grollics and angels killing each other , cutting themselves and letting their blood drip into the enemy 's cuts . 
 girls in red dresses and capes running through forests , with white monsters in pursuit . 
 tattoos on everyone to mark if they were grollic , angel , or human . 
 angels morphing into beasts scarier than a grollic . 
 i woke early with the feeling i never really slept . 
 covered in sweat , i threw a pillow over my head and tried to fall back asleep . 
 the sun had not yet risen , and i did n't want to get up with nothing to do but put my shoes and clothes away . 
 after forty minutes , a few tiny little rays of light began peeking through my window . 
 throwing on my red-hooded sweatshirt and a clean pair of jeans , i turned to leave . 
 i ran back to the nightstand to grab a ponytail holder and saw the grollic book . 
 i grabbed it too . 
 if i was going to go see the sunrise , i might as well have something to look through . 
 less scary in the daylight . 
 it was cool enough that no fog or mist had come in during the night . 
 i walked to the cemetery-park michael and i had met , buying a latte at a starbucks along the way . 
 at the park i sat on a bench , drinking , as i watched the sun make its way over the horizon . 
 beautiful and peaceful . 
 the world kept turning even when it felt like mine had stopped . 
 after an hour my bladder told me it 'd had enough . 
 i jumped up to throw my empty cup into a garbage on the path when a sudden realization hit me like a punch in the gut . 
 i stumbled back to the bench and sat dumb-founded . 
 the mark ! 
 i 'd seen it before on somebody . 
 that day in the courtyard . 
 could the beast be human ? 
 damon . 
 damon 's a grollic . 
 when he 'd threatened me during halloween , he thought i was the same thing as the knightlys . 
 impossible ! 
 michael , grace or caleb would know . 
 right ? 
 i thought back to my encounter with damon in the school parking lot . 
 i 'd worn the necklace . 
 michael 's siorghra had blood inside which could kill him . 
 he thought i could kill him . 
 another thought hit me like a wave of nausea . 
 it was damon in the woods the night on the beach . 
 he said there were more of his kind . 
 michael and his family must know . 
 but what if they did n't ? 
 what if damon 's pack was ready to attack michael 's family ? 
 what if they already had ? 
 and i 'd done nothing . 
 running home as fast as i could , i took the stairs two at a time and grabbed the keys to grace 's car . 
 jim hollered something at me as i raced out the door . 
 i ignored him . 
 there was n't time to argue or explain . 
 i unlocked , tossed the book on the seat and stuck the keys in the ignition . 
 the car started and revved as if it knew i had to hurry . 
 i shoved the gearshift into drive and flew down the roads , fingers crossed for no police . 
 they were the least of my worries . 
 hopefully caleb would n't kill me and ask questions later . 
 or maybe , he would and i 'd find out i 'm one of them . 
 the car slowed to a crawl when it came to their driveway . 
 my foot could not press the gas pedal . 
 maybe this is a mistake . 
 how could a simple human figure out something useful to a family , especially one like caleb ? 
 if they were okay , they probably were planning some counter-attack . 
 `` stop being such a wimp , '' i hissed at my reflection in the review mirror . 
 `` just go up to the house and bang on the door . 
 hand the book to whoever opens and tell them damon 's a grollic . 
 then leave . '' 
 i 'd have to walk home but at least i could return the keys and necklace and try to forget them and move on with my life . 
 i parked beside the mustang and marched towards the house , forcing through the urge to run away . 
 hand in the air , ready to bang on the door , i realized i 'd left the book on the passenger seat . 
 about to turn around to grab it , the door swung open . 
 michael . 
 my body froze , but my heart hammered at record breaking speed . 
 dressed in a white shirt , his tanned skin looked perfect . 
 i could n't stop myself from staring . 
 my thoughts over the past few weeks had left so many details out . 
 the rush of feelings caught off guard . 
 if he was surprised to see me , he did n't let on . 
 `` hello , rouge . '' 
 stuffing my hands into my jean pockets , i cleared my throat and tried to sound normal . 
 `` i know you told me not to come , but there 's something really important i need to tell you . '' 
 `` has something happened ? '' 
 he stepped onto the porch and glanced behind me , most likely scanning for hidden monsters . 
 `` no ... yes ... maybe . '' 
 i blinked a bunch of times , ticked my eyes burned . 
 `` it 's dangerous you 're here . '' 
 his words or posture gave away nothing . 
 i could n't read his thoughts . 
 `` i know . '' 
 i swallowed , my eyes darting inside as i tried to calm the anxiety inside me . 
 his expression broke . 
 he wavered and looked as lost as me . 
 i stepped toward him and stumbled , unable to keep my knees from buckling . 
 his arms surrounded me and he held me tight . 
 my head instinctively went to his chest and i left it there , inhaling his wonderful masculine aftershave , the taut muscles under his shirt , his warmth , all of it . 
 would it be wrong to want to stay here forever ? 
 i then remembered the real reason i 'd come . 
 putting my hands on his shoulders , i pushed him back a few inches so i could think . 
 `` we really need to talk . 
 can i come in ? '' 
 `` maybe it would be better out here . '' 
 he paused and his eyes shifted back and forth at mine . 
 i shook my head and exhaled a long breath . 
 `` i think i 'd better come in and you should get caleb , sarah and grace . '' 
 he raised an eyebrow , but said nothing . 
 i paused , thinking i might need a bullet proof vest and remembered a better devise for protection . 
 `` just need to grab something from the car . '' 
 i ran to get the antique book , letting the fresh air cool my flushed face . 
 it was my only chance to convince caleb i was worthy of being with michael . 
 i took a deep breath , squared my shoulders , and headed into house . 
 the end of part i of book i part ii is available now ! 
 hidden secrets saga seventh mark part ii 
