 the blood calls by raquel dove copyright © 2014 raquel dove chapter one paris was disgusted with himself . 
 but that did n't stop him as he continued to watch from behind the cover of trees . 
 it was wrong . 
 it was worse than wrong . 
 it was despicable . 
 but for all the power in his ageless bones , he could n't tear himself away . 
 he had been on his way back to the city after closing a contract he had been chasing for nearly a month . 
 he was planning on celebrating with the most expensive bottle of whiskey he could get his hands on and the company of two , or several , loose women , when the most peculiar aura caught his attention and drew him to a small hot spring in an unassuming park . 
 paris , the demon lord of the northern territories , was not prone to interest in humans outside of business dealings , but on this chilly fall night he found himself utterly enthralled with the human woman he was watching , and for the life of him he could n't figure out why . 
 her heartbeat was easily distinguishable from the chirp of the crickets that called out in the forest surrounding the bubbling hot spring . 
 it was a steady , healthy beat , far too relaxed for the girl 's current state of security . 
 paris watched as her slender fingers reached for the zipper of her jean shorts , her nose planted firmly in a dog-eared book with a tattered black cover . 
 she fumbled a little , not willing to pull away from the book , before finally catching the zipper and juggling the jeans down her slender hips with her one free hand . 
 she shivered and finally closed the book , suddenly in a hurry to undress as she removed her thick grey sweater . 
 paris felt the pressure in his pants grow as she reached back to take her hair down , giving him a glorious view of her outstretched body . 
 nothing was left to his imagination , save for the things he wanted to do with said body . 
 he could never have her . 
 he knew that . 
 he should never even want her . 
 yet , at that very moment he found himself lusting after her with every fiber of his being . 
 his hand reached for the steadily increasing lump in his pants , adjusting himself to accommodate the increase in size . 
 the simple touch brought a measure of frictional pleasure and he found his hand lingering . 
 he paused , holding in a breath as the girl looked around her , her eyes narrowing into the darkness , as if she finally sensed the danger lurking in the night all around her . 
 the thick muscles of his jaw shifted as he clenched his teeth in an effort to pull himself away . 
 any interest in a human should be strictly business . 
 a demon of his stature more than knew better . 
 it had been ingrained in his very being for the nearly three thousand years of his life . 
 but here he was . 
 watching this human girl with a massive hard on and a desire to do nothing short of pin her beneath him and ravage her conveniently naked body . 
 he would allow himself one more moment to assess what it was about this girl that had him behaving in such a disgraceful manner , and then he would force himself to leave . 
 the woman was young , in her early twenties . 
 she had an intoxicating scent that floated about her , and served to further draw paris ' interest . 
 humans generally had a rank natural scent about them . 
 he had never come upon one that smelled remotely bearable , much less pleasant . 
 paris could read her life 's story just by feeling her aura . 
 it was , at its core , the essence of the human spirit . 
 it carried with it all the life experiences and influences a human had ever had . 
 it also betrayed their deepest secrets and most fervent desires , which often came in handy for paris . 
 but this aura was giving him quite a bit of difficulty . 
 it seemed to be cloaked , allowing only a sliver of intoxicating desire to escape and affect paris , hiding its true nature he lifted his slender nose to catch the wind as it picked up , whipping around the heavily wooded area , and carrying her scent closer to him . 
 it swirled around him , taunting him . 
 the subtle notes of amber that tinted her scent only added to the mystery behind it . 
 the woman turned , tiptoeing quickly to the edge of the small pond , holding her chest to keep her breasts from bouncing . 
 paris continued to watch , despite himself , as the delicate curve of her bottom bounced with her every step . 
 his entire body tensed , the heat pooling painfully in his groin . 
 his hand reached for his lap , once again trying to adjust himself to a more bearable position . 
 he wanted this creature . 
 he was n't sure why , he had never felt such an urge towards a human before . 
 there was just something about her . 
 she was single , or at the very least had not been touched by a male for quite some time . 
 there was a distinct lack of another 's scent mingled with hers that typically came from humans copulating . 
 paris felt absolutely deplorable , but he could n't stop himself . 
 he could n't tear his eyes away from her . 
 he had to know more about her . 
 if he stayed any longer , if he was caught , he would face certain death . 
 despite what many would believe , demons did in fact posses a conscience , it was just easier for them to suppress . 
 most of his kind did so on a regular basis . 
 paris was well versed in the practice . 
 paris was ripped back to reality by the pungent smell of another human approaching . 
 he inhaled the putrid scent deeply , learning all he could , reading it with the consummate skill of a demon lord . 
 it did n't take him long to realize that his night of forbidden pleasures had just come to a screeching halt , leaving him with an impossible decision to make . 
 save the girl from the certain danger coming her way , or do what he knew in his demonic heart was right and leave the human to her own devices . 
 chapter two zoe relaxed into the hot water , her mind occupied by the book she had to force herself to put down . 
 she had saved for two weeks , surviving on rations of instant noodles to afford the tattered second hand copy . 
 so far , it was not disappointing . 
 but she had to take a break and bathe . 
 it was getting late , and she needed to get home . 
 she was thankful to have found this place . 
 it was n't entirely safe . 
 she knew that . 
 but she was a good fighter if pushed into a corner , and she carried a palm-sized pocketknife close by her in case of emergencies . 
 she had been coming here twice a week for months , and had never seen another soul in all that time . 
 this night felt different from the moment she arrived , but she did her best to brush the feeling off . 
 she dunked her head under the water to wet her hair , coming up with a gasping breath . 
 zoe turned around , only her head above water as she scoped the clustered tree line that surrounded the hot spring . 
 her heart picked up an extra beat or two . 
 she could n't shake the feeling of being watched . 
 zoe pushed aside her instincts , and went about her routine , grabbing a single ratted bar of soap from her bag . 
 it had a heavy industrial cleaner smell to it , and zoe was n't entirely sure it was meant for human skin , but it was all she had . 
 she tried to use it sparingly and only where necessary . 
 she dug to the bottom of her bag and found her knife , tucking it under the flap of her bag , within close reach . 
 she pushed away from the side , melting back against the worn-smooth boulders just beneath the water 's surface . 
 she lolled her head back onto a protruding rock , and closed her eyes . 
 she was going to try and enjoy this as much as possible . 
 she would n't get another hot bath for a while . 
 the hot water felt amazing . 
 she tried to sear the heat in her mind , as if the memory of it would keep her warm later tonight . 
 she rubbed the soap in her hands , frothing up a light lather and began to wash her body . 
 she rubbed the bobbing mounds of flesh that were teasing the surface of the water . 
 her fingertips found a small round nipple and she unconsciously rolled the fleshy nub between her fingers , a sigh escaping her lips . 
 her other hand trailed down her stomach , between her thighs . 
 she let her thoughts wander as she explored her own body , her motions enthusiastic , as if she would discover something new , something she had never found before in all her previous explorations . 
 a moan echoed into the darkness , and zoe was too far-gone in pleasure to care if anyone heard her . 
 it had been so long since she had felt the touch of a man that she was beginning to question her own memories . 
 she released a heavy sigh as her hand stopped the gentle tick that left a rhythmic ripple in the water around her . 
 she could n't continue . 
 her past was something she never liked to think about , especially when it crept up on her like that , in the middle of more pleasurable pursuits . 
 she slid her eyes open and her heart stopped . 
 a greasy , pepper haired man in a tattered pair of brown capri pants and a dirt stained tan shirt was looking down at her with a malicious intent ingrained in his heavy brow . 
 `` need some help ? '' 
 he said with a coarse voice . 
 he scratched at his stubbly chin with dirty fingers as a smile cracked his lips . 
 the man took a cautious step closer . 
 `` get away from me , '' zoe said , her voice coming out softer and far more frightened than she wanted it to . 
 her eyes darted to the knife under her bag . 
 the water slowed her movements and the man lurched toward the knife , attempting to intercept her . 
 but he stopped . 
 or rather , he was stopped . 
 zoe 's mind tried to adjust to the sudden appearance of another man , one she was sure she did n't see approach . 
 for a brief moment , he stood there , in proud and stark contrast to the transient . 
 his grey pinstripe suit was tailored impeccably to his slender physique . 
 his black hair was styled and framed his clean-shaven face in a masculine , distinguished sort of way . 
 he had a bored look about him , accented by brooding , dark grey eyes . 
 they flicked down at zoe for just a moment , and she could see they were different . 
 her brain had only a moment to register that they were n't quite human before they shifted back onto her attacker . 
 a clawed hand was clutched around his throat . 
 the man struggled , lashing out . 
 zoe snatched up her knife and hopped out of the water . 
 time began to move slower than her mind was working . 
 her movements were fluid , without even a thought between them . 
 she clicked the blade open . 
 stabbed the man in the heart . 
 he spasmed for a short moment , then went limp . 
 `` thank you , '' zoe said , her breathing becoming labored as her adrenaline settled . 
 she stepped back as her savior let the lifeless body crumple to the ground . 
 his ears were delicately pointed , and matched the tips of his blood-soaked claws . 
 `` do you not fear me ? '' 
 he said , a perfectly groomed black brow arched in disbelief . 
 he took a predatory step towards her . 
 her pulse began to rise . 
 but then he stopped . 
 he stared back at her , his emotions unreadable , but in his eyes she could see a conflict raging . 
 there was heat in his stare and it shuddered down her spine , settling between her legs . 
 she clenched her thighs , trying to suppress the desire that had suddenly taken her . 
 she had never felt such an intense want before . 
 but then he disappeared , just as fast as he had come . 
 zoe blinked , not entirely sure that he had ever even stood there . 
 chapter three `` you 're late , '' her boss , a stern woman in her mid-twenties , said with a scowl as zoe hurried behind the counter of the coffee shop she had worked at since moving to the city . 
 `` you 've got ta stop it , girl '' she said , `` i need you here , when i need you here . '' 
 `` sorry , '' zoe said , shaking her head . 
 she thought of a million excuses , but they both knew the reason she was late . 
 she had spent the morning finishing her book . 
 at least she had tried to . 
 she had read the words on the page , but none of them sank in . 
 her mind was too occupied with the night before . 
 since leaving the hot spring in a dripping cold rush she had felt eyes on her . 
 she had n't been able to shake the feeling . 
 `` zoe , '' she heard a familiar voice shout from across the café . 
 she looked up to see a beautiful brunette waving excitedly at her . 
 it was katherine , her only friend . 
 zoe was n't a sociable person . 
 and she liked it that way . 
 too many friendships tended to impede on her reading . 
 but kat was different , had been from the start . 
 making friends was second nature to kat , and she never judged zoe for her personal quirks , nor for her impoverished status . 
 but most importantly , she never questioned zoe 's past . 
 katherine rushed over with a steaming latte in one hand , dodging the small tables that littered the café . 
 she was so beautiful that it sometimes made zoe jealous , with her silky hair that shone in the sunlight , curled perfectly , and bounced with every step . 
 her green eyes fit her light complexion and narrow face perfectly , and were always lit with her glowing optimism . 
 `` how 've ya been ? '' 
 kat said , her already wide smile spreading further . 
 `` i 've been trying to reach you . '' 
 `` good , '' zoe said , her bedraggled appearance and tired eyes betraying her lie . 
 `` bull honky , '' kat said , giving her a disapproving glare from across the counter . 
 `` you look awful . '' 
 `` well do n't sugar coat it , '' zoe said with a roll of her eyes as she wrapped an apron around her waist and tied the strings into a floppy bow . 
 `` you look like you have n't slept in days , '' kat said , her shoulders slumped as her genuine care for her friend shone through her large eyes . 
 `` i have n't been sleeping too well , '' zoe said with a shrug . 
 zoe thought about the night before . 
 more specifically about the man that had helped her . 
 except he was n't a man , zoe knew that . 
 but what was he ? 
 the answer itched in the back of her mind , but she refused to scratch at it . 
 instead she just pushed the thought away . 
 but the eyes remained on her , from somewhere unseen . 
 `` honey , '' kat said , a tilt in her neck as she shook her head , `` you have to take care of yourself . 
 how else are you gon na find a man ? '' 
 `` preferably on someone else 's ' time , '' her boss interjected as she plunked a small but heavy box on the back counter . 
 she motioned for zoe to open the box and stock its contents . 
 `` thanks , '' zoe said , grabbing the scissors and turning to the box , `` but no thanks . '' 
 they had run through this conversation a thousand times . 
 kat just could n't seem to understand that she did n't want to meet anyone . 
 she was perfectly content with the way things were , and she had no desire to change anything . 
 kat always had a new guy , most often rich and always handsome . 
 and that was just fine with zoe . 
 it suited kat . 
 `` anyway , '' kat said , perking up a little . 
 `` i came to talk , you got a little time . '' 
 `` is it really that important ? '' 
 zoe asked , gesturing to the line of customers forming behind her friend . 
 `` can it wait till i get off ? '' 
 `` no , '' kat said with a short shake of her head . 
 `` fine , '' zoe said , `` just scootch over and let me get these orders . '' 
 zoe knew how kat was . 
 she would n't leave zoe alone until she heard what she had to say . 
 even at the risk of losing the one job that had taken a chance and hired her when she first moved to the city . 
 `` there was an attack , '' kat said , sliding over and letting a customer up to the counter , continuing to talk as he began to order . 
 `` in the park outside the city . 
 the one you go to . '' 
 `` so , '' zoe said , her answer rushed . 
 she paused a moment to appear cool and wrote the man 's order on a tall white cup . 
 the last thing she wanted to do was let anyone know she was involved with that . 
 `` it 's dangerous to go there , '' kat said . 
 zoe could feel the argument bubbling up between them . 
 it happened often . 
 kat would try to baby zoe and she would need to be set straight . 
 zoe would never allow anyone to tell her what to do , ever again . 
 this was not the first time the subject of the hot spring had come up . 
 `` it 's dangerous to walk down the street , '' zoe said , her lips tight and her words short . 
 `` that could have been you ! '' 
 kat shouted , drawing the attention of the café patrons . 
 zoe did n't answer . 
 she took the order of the next customer , writing it on the cup and setting it in line with the others , waiting to be filled . 
 `` whatever , '' kat said . 
 she threw her hands helplessly into the air . 
 `` i just wish you would come stay with me . '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' zoe said shaking her head , `` but thanks . '' 
 she refused to depend on someone else . 
 she had fought to gain the freedom she had , and she would work and earn everything that she needed . 
 nobody would ever control her life again . 
 `` fine , '' kat said . 
 she let out a heavy sigh and shook her head . 
 `` then will you find somewhere else to go ? 
 please ? '' 
 `` maybe , '' zoe said , releasing her own heavy breath . 
 she pushed away the anger she felt . 
 it was n't kat 's fault . 
 she was only trying to help . 
 zoe knew that . 
 maybe one day she could share her past with kat . 
 then her friend would understand . 
 but today would n't be that day . 
 `` please , zoe , '' kat said . 
 her voice pleaded and zoe felt guilty . 
 she knew kat was only concerned for her . 
 `` you can always come over just to shower . 
 no questions asked . '' 
 zoe became once more very aware of the eyes that had been watching her all day . 
 she could n't see them , could n't pick them out from the crowd . 
 but she knew they were there . 
 she could feel them locked onto her . 
 `` alright , '' zoe said with a sigh . 
 `` i wo n't go back there , i promise . '' 
 chapter four `` lord paris , '' riyad said , holding his arms out for an embrace , `` where have you been all week ? '' 
 riyad was an ancient demon , but he did n't look a day older than paris . 
 he was one of two council lords that ruled as a three part system with a grand elder that held supreme authority . 
 the council handled the day to day activities of ruling demon society , but the grand elder was the force behind the council 's authority . 
 paris embraced the older demon , though he made no move to answer the question . 
 he could n't answer the question . 
 all he could think about all week was that girl . 
 there was something different about her and he had to know what it was . 
 he had been trailing her for the better part of the week , after following her home from the hot spring . 
 his work had fallen by the wayside , but he certainly could n't tell his mentor that `` chasing down a lucrative contract , '' jackson said in a thick southern accent , coming up beside the pair as he waved a piece of paper . 
 `` well , i must admit , i was a little afraid he would n't close on this one . '' 
 `` nonsense , '' riyad gave jackson barely more than a passing glance . 
 `` there is n't a human alive that could resist paris ' charms . '' 
 `` nor a demon , '' jackson said , with a little flourish of his hand . 
 paris could feel riyad turn even more rigid than he normally was . 
 the room suddenly grew cold . 
 the air turned thick and hard to breath . 
 paris turned his attention to a corner in the room where a pair of figures appeared . 
 they were hunters . 
 their white-blue eyes stared , unblinking , from a mouthless face . 
 hunters always went in pairs . 
 from the day they are born until their death , they remained inseparable . 
 sharing a single mind between them , they communicated seamlessly , without needing a word . 
 if they were here , it meant someone was in trouble . 
 for a split second , panic hit paris . 
 had they found out what he had been doing ? 
 `` business calls , '' riyad said to paris with a pat on the shoulder , staunchly ignoring jackson . 
 there was a smirk of enjoyment on riyad 's face , a twinkle in his eyes . 
 `` you should pop in and watch this . '' 
 as soon as the words left his mouth , riyad disappeared , the hunters going with him . 
 paris relaxed . 
 they were n't here for him . 
 some other unfortunate soul was to be dragged before the court and found guilty of whatever infraction he had committed . 
 paris prepared to follow riyad , but a hand on his elbow stopped him . 
 he turned to look back at jackson . 
 `` a word before you go , paris ? '' 
 jackson said , looking at him with a cocked brow . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 paris said . 
 he already knew what jackson was going to ask . 
 his sudden preoccupation would not go unnoticed , and most certainly not by jackson . 
 `` where have you been all week ? '' 
 jackson asked . 
 there was an accusatory glare in his eyes that paris did n't like . 
 `` like you said , '' paris spoke softly , his voice deep . 
 his words carried a subtle threat not to continue . 
 `` i was closing a contract . '' 
 `` well , see ... that 's the thing , '' jackson said , shaking off the glare . 
 he lifted the contract , his finger pointing to the date written on it . 
 `` you just gave this to me yesterday , '' jackson said , his voice dipping to a low whisper . 
 `` what you been doing for the last three days now , paris ? '' 
 paris should have known better . 
 jackson was thorough . 
 too thorough not to notice the discrepancy in the dates . 
 but he had n't thought about that when he followed the girl home from the hot spring . 
 he knew now that he should have just left without another thought towards her . 
 but he had n't . 
 his curiosity got the best of him and after watching her for a few days , he was beginning to realize he might be addicted to her . 
 `` celebrating , '' paris said . 
 his voice was flat and his eyes avoided jackson 's . 
 `` without me ? '' 
 jackson said , his brows twitching together . 
 `` we always celebrate together . '' 
 paris could hear the rising inflection in his voice . 
 the last thing he needed at the moment was an angry business partner . 
 he had to cover . 
 `` i did not think you would be interested in joining me , '' paris said , a tilt in his neck . 
 `` i employed some ... particular entertainment . '' 
 `` well , that 's never stopped us before , '' jackson said , a smile creeping onto his face as he caught paris ' meaning . 
 he leaned back , his words growing louder . 
 `` three full days , eh ? 
 lucky ladies . 
 as always , i 'm envious . '' 
 paris gave a shrug , playing up the charade and his dominant male status . 
 it was n't unusual for paris to enjoy the services of paid company , and it was an easy lie to sell . 
 `` i should go , '' paris said . 
 he had to get to the courtroom before the session began . 
 jackson nodded and stepped back , giving him room to leave . 
 he could n't follow paris into the room where the proceedings were held . 
 only members of the royal court were allowed to attend , and the room was warded against any unauthorized entry . 
 `` this court is now in session , '' riyad said , banging a gavel on his raised desk just as paris appeared in the room . 
 the demons of the court found a seat and quickly hushed themselves . 
 paris found his usual spot , on the front row all the way to the left . 
 here he had a good view of the entire courtroom . 
 seats like this were coveted , and although no seat was reserved , everyone knew to leave this spot for paris . 
 the seats next to his were often filled with eager young nobles , anxious to bend his ear . 
 it was n't everyday that a demon was tried for a crime , and the courtroom was packed with nobles , excited for the chance to see the outcome . 
 `` bring in the defendant , '' riyad said , with his hands folded casually in front of him as he leaned away . 
 the same hunter pair that paris had seen earlier appeared with an ankle chained demon between them . 
 they dragged the bound demon up to the pulpit , barely giving him a chance to walk on his own . 
 the unfortunate soul shook violently and tried to scream past his dirty cloth gag , shaking his head . 
 `` master easton , '' riyad said , reading the demon 's calling name from the page in front of him , `` you have been accused of the crime of fraternizing . 
 it comes with a maximum penalty of death . 
 how do you plead ? '' 
 one of the hunters removed the tattered rag from his mouth . 
 the demon immediately began to preach his innocence , but riyad raised a hand to quiet him . 
 `` that court will not take a testimony at this time , '' riyad said with boredom in his voice . 
 `` i will hear the evidence against you , and i will make a ruling accordingly . 
 all the court wishes to know is how you plea . '' 
 `` my lord , '' a strong feminine voice rang out in the courtroom before the demon could answer . 
 the courtiers gasped as a beautiful red haired demon made a late arrival . 
 `` lady athena , '' riyad said , leaning back in his chair with an annoyed sigh as she appeared in the room , `` you wish to challenge these proceedings ? '' 
 `` you know i do , your lordship , '' she said with a self-satisfied smirk and a bend at the waist . 
 `` that is a surprise , '' riyad said , almost under his breath . 
 `` you may continue , but make it quick . '' 
 athena turned to the demon defendant and gave him a reassuring nod . 
 `` i would ask the court for a continuance , '' she said . 
 riyad sighed heavily and paris knew that she had already lost her case . 
 athena was a good advocate , just too often an advocate for the wrong side . 
 paris had always respected her for sticking by her own sense of moral justice , even when it went against social conventions . 
 riyad had little more than contempt for her . 
 `` that is not possible , '' riyad said . 
 `` we will continue -- `` `` it is the law , '' athena said , interrupting him to the shocked gasps of the courtroom . 
 riyad 's stare grew even colder than it naturally was . 
 paris grew uncomfortable for athena . 
 riyad was not the demon to anger . 
 `` my client is entitled to a continuance under the -- `` `` the report i received states that your client openly engaged in interactions with a human on matters not directly pertaining to business , '' riyad said , reading off the paper on his desk . 
 `` at this time , my client will not dispute that , '' athena said . 
 `` we only wish to postpone this hearing until both councl lords may be present . '' 
 `` under the circumstances , that is not an option , '' riyad said . 
 `` but my lord , '' athena said , confusion settling on her well groomed brow , `` that is a right my client is entitled to . '' 
 `` not under the current circumstances , '' riyad said . 
 `` your lordship , '' athena said , her voice rising and her her words trailing out quickly . 
 `` it can not possibly be a fair trial without lord mateo -- `` `` mateo is away , '' riyad said , his voice firm and angry as he banged the gavel on his desk , `` and he is not scheduled to return for some time . 
 we will deal with this matter in his absence . '' 
 his words were bitter , and few besides paris knew why . 
 the grand elder was passing . 
 a new one would need to be chosen and the two council lords were at odds as to who that should be . 
 `` i have heard enough , '' riyad said . 
 `` if you can not offer a plea , then i will have to find you guilty by default . 
 we can not suffer even the slightest infraction of this type . 
 due to the heinous nature of your crimes , i have no choice but to sentence you to death , to be carried out immediately . '' 
 before another word could be spoken , riyad stood . 
 the defendant began to shriek in pain as his body expanded . 
 riyad 's power ripped the demon into pieces before another breath was taken , splattering the room and everyone in it with blood and chunks of flesh . 
 the message was clear and it hit paris more than anyone else in the room . 
 he could never see that human girl again , and only hope that his actions would never come to light . 
 chapter five paris was following the girl again , in spite of every cell in his brain telling him to stop . 
 he just could n't keep away from her . 
 her scent lingered in his nose long after he had left her , keeping her at the forefront of his mind and beckoning him back to her . 
 there were so many questions he had , if only he could ask them . 
 maybe then he could finally be clear of the spell she had cast over him . 
 she walked down the street , oblivious to his presence . 
 she would turn her head to look behind her every now and again , her expression tight . 
 but she had n't been able to pick him out of the crowd of people on the city streets . 
 the light of day would hide his demonic features , allowing him to mingle unnoticed amongst human society . 
 paris ducked behind a newsstand when she stopped to peruse a fruit vendor 's goods . 
 he strained his ears to hear her as she spoke to the shop owner . 
 she asked the price for two oranges , did n't like the high quote , and tried to bargain him down . 
 when the seller refused to budge on his price , she decided to take just one . 
 she began to dig in her purse , shuffling through its contents , until she produced a handful of change . 
 the shop owner rolled his eyes as she began to count out the price in nickels and dimes . 
 she held her chin up high as she handed over the meager sum . 
 the shop owner took the change and looked down into his palm to count it . 
 paris was almost surprised , but mostly intrigued , when he saw her hand dart out and snatch an extra orange , stuffing it into the pocket of her oversized jacket before the shop owner looked back up at her . 
 he gave her a nod when he finished counting and watched as she took her time selecting an orange . 
 there was no way paris could stop watching her now , she had just become massively more intriguing , with the simplest of gestures . 
 he had scented her aura , and had n't picked up a hint of darkness in her . 
 in all the centuries of his life , he had never been wrong in scenting a human . 
 he had to know how she did it . 
 that theft , though simple and nearly harmless in the scheme of things should have tainted her aura . 
 but as he continued to hone in on it , it was still as pure as anything he had ever felt . 
 he picked up his pace , needing to get a little closer to her . 
 he pushed through the crowd of humans on the street , his eyes concentrating on her as she made her way down the street . 
 there was an old man lying on the sidewalk , just outside the café where she worked . 
 he was half asleep and paris could smell his stench from where he was standing . 
 she leaned over and nudged him softly , waking him as she produced the two oranges . 
 the man smiled , revealing a mouth populated sparsely with teeth . 
 `` bless you , '' paris heard the man say as he graciously took the fruit . 
 a passerby curled her nose in disgust as she walked past the old bum , clutching her jacket closer to her body . 
 `` it 's not much , but it 's all i could get , '' zoe said . 
 the bum continued to thank her profusely as she just nodded and went into the café for work . 
 paris knew she would be there for a four-hour shift . 
 he had just about memorized her work schedule , as little of it as there was . 
 he would return then . 
 chapter six `` i know you 're there , '' she said , as she spun around , trying to focus her eyes into the darkness that surrounded her . 
 paris watched her , much like he had the first time he saw her , as she stood by the water 's edge . 
 she was looking for him , demanding that he show himself . 
 there was no way he could reveal his presence to her . 
 it would surely be the death of him if anyone ever found out . 
 `` i know you 've been watching me , '' she called out into the night . 
 her voice was firm , with a forced confidence that paris could see right through . 
 `` come on out and face me . '' 
 she was actually calling him out . 
 for just a moment , his instincts kicked in and he wanted to step out if for nothing else just to intimidate her . 
 he pushed the urge away . 
 it was bad enough that he had been watching her , trying to figure her out from a distance . 
 `` come out and stop being such a coward , '' she called again , turning about herself , trying as hard as she could to catch a glimpse of him . 
 paris could n't stop himself . 
 it was as if his legs worked of their own accord . 
 there was something about this confounding creature that had a hold over him , and he would n't be able to go about his business until he figured out why . 
 perhaps if he questioned her directly , he could figure it out . 
 he stepped out from the tree line , straightening his shoulders and exuding all the authority a demon of his caliber could claim . 
 `` why are you following me ? '' 
 she said after a moment of silence . 
 he could hear the rapid beating of her heart , could practically taste the fear in her aura . 
 `` why do you behave so oddly ? '' 
 paris asked , ignoring her question . 
 `` i asked you first , '' she said , putting a hand on her hips . 
 `` so you did , '' paris circled around her like a predator sizing up its prey . 
 she whipped her head around her , following his movements . 
 her innocence was endearing . 
 she was like a gazelle trying to charm a lion . 
 `` why did you try to save me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 there was anger in her question that surprised paris . 
 his eyes narrowed on her as he stopped circling . 
 `` does it really matter ? '' 
 paris asked , not wanting to face the question . 
 `` well , i can take care of myself , '' she said . 
 she crossed her arms over her chest . 
 `` i would appreciate it if you would leave me alone . '' 
 `` you are not afraid of me ? '' 
 paris asked . 
 he had half expected her to recoil from him . 
 most humans found his natural form frightening , though it was n't much different from their own . 
 he preferred to conduct most of his business during the day for that very reason . 
 `` because of what you are ? '' 
 she said , her eyes following him as he once again began circling her . 
 `` i know you ca n't hurt me . '' 
 `` what makes you so sure about that ? '' 
 paris said . 
 the fact that she was correct was not lost on paris , but if he could help it , he would n't let her know it . 
 `` i know what you are , '' she said breathlessly . 
 paris admired her bravado . 
 he could easily read the fear in her aura . 
 he could see her nearly shaking as she stood with her shoulders rounded and facing him with the little amount of courage she could muster . 
 `` do you ? '' 
 he said dropping his voice to a husky whisper . 
 he was so close , he felt her shiver . 
 he had the strangest surge of pleasure just by talking to her . 
 he appeared just in front of her , faster than her heart could beat . 
 `` you move so fast , '' she said with a startled gasp as she tried to step back from him . 
 her words were so soft that paris thought they were n't meant to be spoken . 
 `` you demanded my presence , '' he said , his eyes focusing on hers . 
 he was so close to her , she filled his every sense . 
 all he wanted to do was reach out and touch her . 
 he wanted to know if her skin felt as soft as it looked . 
 `` now what will you do ? '' 
 `` stop following me , '' she said . 
 he could see her small fists clenched as her heart fluttered . 
 the words and the force with which she spoke them made paris feel oddly uncomfortable . 
 like a stab in his chest , though he had n't actually suffered a wound . 
 `` make me , '' he said . 
 he continued his silent stalk , walking a tight circle around her . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 she said with a frustrated stomp of her foot . 
 `` that is a vague question , '' paris stopped pacing and stood just before her . 
 he placed a hand casually in the pocket of his dress slacks and cocked his head at her . 
 `` fine , '' she said , her lips pulled tight . 
 `` i want to make you an offer . '' 
 paris blinked , his surprise stunning him for a moment . 
 for once in his life he did n't know what to say . 
 `` no , '' he said , shaking his head . 
 `` you do n't want that . '' 
 paris had never once turned down the opportunity to make a deal . 
 but there was more than one reason he did n't want to make a deal with her . 
 he was n't sure making the royal court aware of her presence was the best idea . 
 `` yes i do , '' she said firmly . 
 `` i want you to leave me alone . 
 what will that take ? '' 
 `` no , '' paris said , his words sharp enough to make her jump . 
 `` believe me when i tell you , that is not something you want . '' 
 `` what will it take ? '' 
 she said , her voice rising with a crackle . 
 paris fought with himself . 
 could he really make a deal with her ? 
 something told paris she did n't really know what she was getting into . 
 with a simple twist of words , he could have everything he ever wanted from her . 
 but could he really do such a thing ? 
 `` my curiosity to be satiated , '' paris said , only half wanting the words to come out . 
 `` then there it is , '' she said with a confident nod . 
 `` you have a deal . '' 
 a moment of discomfort passed between them . 
 zoe swallowed , taking a deep breath . 
 `` so , how does this -- `` he pulled her into his body , cutting her words off . 
 heat shook through paris as his flesh finally contacted hers . 
 his lips covered hers , and the burn intensified . 
 her arousal became palpable in her aura . 
 his own desire surfaced with a fierce passion . 
 he made no effort to hide it . 
 she struggled against the kiss and he relented . 
 the deal was complete . 
 typically a handshake was sufficient , but paris simply could n't stop himself . 
 `` you do n't know what you have done , '' he said , pulling away from her with great effort . 
 his words came out with a pant . 
 her eyes were hardened with indignation until they slid down to the noticeable bulge in his pants . 
 her round cheeks heated , glowing with the most attractive rosy hue . 
 he did n't give her any time to recover from her discovery as he appeared behind her , his hands clamping onto her slender hips . 
 he leaned into her , stopping short of grinding his burning crotch against her . 
 he knew he had already crossed a number of boundaries , and he was trying his hardest to not go insane with lust . 
 `` my curiosity runs very deep , '' he said , his voice heavy . 
 chapter seven zoe tried with all her might to keep from shaking . 
 he was even more intimidating than she had remembered . 
 when his massive hands wrapped around her hips , she had nearly lost her mind with the heat that rushed through her . 
 she sucked in a sharp breath and tried to steel her nerves . 
 she heard him behind her , chuckling at her reaction , and it made her anger rise . 
 `` what do you want with me ? '' 
 she said , each word shaking as she choked it out . 
 the fear was as gripping as the arousal . 
 she knew what he was . 
 it had taken her some time to work it out , but with a little research she had found the answer . 
 she did n't want it to be true , and she tried her best to ignore the fact that he existed . 
 but she could feel his eyes constantly on her . 
 could this be her family 's doing ? 
 she pushed the thought away . 
 even if it was , she did n't care . 
 she never wanted to think about them . 
 the demon did n't say anything , and his hands held her firmly in place as she tried to turn and look at him . 
 his cheek nestled against hers as he pulled her closer to him . 
 she felt the pressure of him poking against her backside , and her cheeks burned hotter than they already were . 
 her tongue was thick in her mouth and seemed to impede an incredibly struggled swallow . 
 `` zoe , '' he said , drawing out every letter as he spoke , his voice a honey coated rumble . 
 her chest tightened . 
 her mind went blank . 
 the desire was numbing . 
 `` how do you know my name ? '' 
 she asked , pulling away from his burning embrace , shaking the fog of passion that clouded her mind . 
 she wondered if this was one of his techniques , a weapon he would use against his human victims . 
 zoe knew it was dangerous to enter into a deal with him . 
 she could remember quite vividly some of the stories she grew up with . 
 but the way she saw it , she had no other way . 
 she had to do what she could to get rid of him . 
 maybe then he would stop invading her thoughts in such a lecherous way . 
 zoe backed away as he stepped closer to her , a half smirk on his lips . 
 the taste of him still invaded her senses . 
 savory with a heavy tang that exploded against her flesh and made her crave more . 
 she forced the thoughts from her mind . 
 this had to be him influencing her . 
 feelings like this just were n't natural , especially not for what he was . 
 `` i 've been doing this a very long time , zoe , '' he said , his voice so calm and casual , as if he was not at all affected in the same way she was . 
 `` i like to know who i 'm dealing with . '' 
 a chill ran down her spine and prickled the hair on the back of her neck . 
 panic began to shoot through her . 
 perhaps she had made a big mistake . 
 she had taken precautions , but was it enough ? 
 zoe began to regret coming here , and as she looked into the inhuman eyes of the being before her , she became painfully aware of how much danger she was in . 
 `` i want to fulfill our deal now , '' she said with a heavy gulp . 
 breath became increasingly hard won as her heart continued to beat rapidly . 
 he did n't say anything , did n't even flinch when the words came out . 
 he simply continued to watch her , amusement peeking from behind his eyes . 
 zoe could sense that he was toying with her . 
 `` not just yet , '' he said , finally in his baritone voice as he wagged a pointed finger at her just once . 
 the blood drained from zoe 's face , and for a moment she worried that she would pass out . 
 she suddenly wanted to get away , as far as she could . 
 but that was n't an option for her . 
 she had come to far now , there was no way out but forward . 
 `` i do n't understand , '' she said , taking a step back as he advanced on her . 
 `` you have to -- `` he reached out and wrapped his hand around to her backside . 
 he pulled her flush with his body before she had time to object . 
 `` it 's going to take some time to satisfy my curiosity , '' he said , looking down at her with a cocky half smirk on his face . 
 `` now is hardly the time or place . '' 
 `` fine , '' zoe said , mustering up as much courage as she could and pushing away from him . 
 `` but i did n't agree to being groped . '' 
 she held her breath as he stared her down with steaming eyes that made her knees threaten to quiver . 
 he could rip her throat out faster than she could blink , but all she could think about was how amazing his touch felt . 
 she had never known anything like it . 
 `` very well , '' he said finally , throwing his hands up in a placating gesture . 
 `` i want this to be over quickly , '' she said , shifting her feet to stand her ground more firmly . 
 `` i have that right , i know i do . '' 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 he asked . 
 before zoe could make a move she felt the hard muscles of his arms closing around her . 
 the heat of his body burned through the layers of fabric , the only thing that separated flesh from flesh . 
 `` where do you get your information from ? '' 
 `` that 's none of your business , '' she said , managing to steady her voice , but failing to get a handle on her rapid breathing . 
 `` now honor your end of the deal . '' 
 `` yes ma’am , '' he said with a chuckle , releasing her as suddenly as he had grasped her . 
 the cold air rushed her body from the loss of his warmth and she had to catch herself from falling over . 
 chapter eight paris had to put a little distance between himself and this intoxicating woman . 
 his desire grew with every passing moment that he was around her . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 she spoke suddenly , shocking him with such a bold question . 
 `` you should know i wo n't tell you that , '' he said . 
 `` i figured it was worth a shot , '' she said with a shrug . 
 to learn the name of a demon was to control that demon . 
 it was something that was carefully guarded by all his kind . 
 and there were only two creatures in existence that had ever known his name , his mother and father . 
 he intended to keep it that way . 
 `` my calling name is paris , '' he said . 
 she was fidgeting under the weight of his stare . 
 his eyes trained on her lips as she chewed on one side with her dull human teeth . 
 his nose picked up the sudden spike in her arousal and he stepped closer to her , closing the small gap between them . 
 the smell mixed so deliciously with the natural note of amber in her scent . 
 he could feel himself stir as she sucked in a nervous breath . 
 `` if we are n't going to get on with this , '' she said , stiffening her neck and backing away from him , `` then i have other places to be . '' 
 `` i would n't be so eager if i were you , '' paris said , letting his voice drop to a deadly whisper . 
 he could see the little hairs standing on her arms . 
 he could feel the way she held her breath . 
 `` and why is that ? '' 
 she said finally , cocking her head up at him . 
 she was trying to compete on his level . 
 he found it incredibly charming . 
 paris moved with his demonic speed , putting his body flush with the girls backside in less than a heartbeat , his arms closing around her to keep her in place . 
 he felt the surge of heat that came with the touch of her skin . 
 she shuddered in his arms and released a heavy breath , but made no move to push him away . 
 he could tell she was trying to form words , but he cut her off with a hand on her abdomen . 
 she shivered again , and paris felt his own arousal increasing . 
 he ran a hand down the side of her body , slowly , enjoying her curves and the way she responded to his touch . 
 this was n't exactly what he had in mind when he made the deal with her , but now that he was here , he just could n't stop himself . 
 he actually ached to touch her . 
 he gripped her tighter , and was satisfied when he picked up the arousal in her aura , encouraging him to continue . 
 his hand slid around her upper thigh as he hunched over her from behind , and he began to reach up the loose floral skirt she had on . 
 he could feel his own heartbeat picking up , in time with zoe 's already rapid pulse . 
 her fingers wrap around his wrist , offering a meager resistance to his approach . 
 she held him in place for just a moment , before releasing her grip . 
 he could n't keep the smirk off his lips . 
 her skin was so soft and warm . 
 her scent was tinted with the musky overtone of her arousal . 
 he felt himself harden intensely , his excitement rising even higher as she responded by pushing her bottom up against him . 
 a breathy sigh left her lips . 
 then paris felt the call . 
 it pulled gently on the back of his mind . 
 he wanted more than anything in the world to ignore it , but he knew he could not . 
 he had to leave the girl now or the gentle pull would become an excruciating yank . 
 a soft whimper echoed in her throat as he paused , making it even harder for him to leave her . 
 unfortunately , the call was binding to all his kind , and no one dared ignore it . 
 not even a demon lord as powerful as he . 
 `` that is enough for tonight , '' paris said , his voice husky as he pulled and stood in front of her . 
 he was pleased to see the small pout that formed on her lips . 
 paris reached into his blazer pocket , pulling out a rolled up piece of paper . 
 he held one end tightly , and let the other roll open . 
 it fell to the ground and tumbled to her feet . 
 she watched with wide eyes as the blank scroll of paper lit up with letters of fire , and words burned themselves into the paper . 
 `` it is my obligation to provide you with a copy of our contract , '' he said . 
 with a jerk of his wrist the paper rolled back up onto itself . 
 he held the scroll out to her , and she snatched it from him . 
 paris wanted so badly to taste her again . 
 the desire clouded his judgment . 
 the call pulled more insistently , but he ignored it . 
 his hand reached up to feel the skin of her rose tinted cheek with the back of his fingers . 
 he grabbed onto her hip with his other hand and pulled her closer , his lips capturing hers in a heated frenzy . 
 `` i will be seeing you soon , zoe , '' he said , tearing his lips from hers before he disappeared . 
 chapter nine `` we 've been waiting for you , '' riyad said as paris entered , his thick arms crossed over his chest . 
 it had taken paris longer than he had hoped to let zoe 's influence on him dissipate , and as a result , he was late for the call . 
 he was sure it would not go unnoticed . 
 the expansive room of the royal meeting hall was packed full with the royal court , and by the looks of things they had been waiting for quite some time . 
 paris knew immediately this was n't a usual calling . 
 there was tension in the air and it put him on edge . 
 `` what is happening ? '' 
 paris said , noticing the unspoken divide in the room . 
 the typically buzzing royal court was silent , waiting with uncertainty in their eyes . 
 `` mateo is returning , '' riyad said , his lip curling in disgust as he spoke the name , `` with the grand elder . '' 
 `` they have an announcement , '' jackson said , coming up beside paris . 
 riyad bristled noticeably on his approach . 
 `` an order , '' riyad said , `` made without me . '' 
 paris , and every other demon in the room knew what that meant . 
 a new grand elder was to be chosen . 
 it was a decision that required two of the three demons that ruled , in any combination . 
 there was nothing else that this could be . 
 riyad clenched his fists and swallowed . 
 no one else would ever know it , but paris knew how nervous riyad was . 
 he had been driving for the position his whole life . 
 he was a born leader . 
 paris knew it , and the entire court knew it . 
 he was going to be announced as the new grand elder , which meant paris would become the next council lord . 
 the thought somehow did n't excite him quite as much as it had before . 
 zoe had him so distracted , he could n't think of anything else . 
 `` paris , '' jackson said , in the lingering silence of thought , `` a word while we wait ? '' 
 paris looked back at his friend , jackson . 
 his golden hair was gelled and slicked backwards on his head , his face freshly shaved , as usual , into a tidy goatee , dressed in his usual crisp white cotton suit . 
 paris hated the color of it , thought it much too attention grabbing , but jackson rarely wore anything else . 
 he nodded and the two made a casual huddle off to the side . 
 `` now , you know i do n't like to get involved in your personal business , '' jackson said , his eyes narrowing in on paris as he spoke , `` but i must admit to being more than a little concerned here . '' 
 `` why is that ? '' 
 paris asked , pretending to be oblivious to the silent accusation . 
 `` you have n't been around all week , '' jackson said , his lips pulling tight , his accent somehow growing stronger . 
 `` is there something going on that i need to know about ? '' 
 `` no , '' paris said flatly . 
 he could see jackson about to protest his answer and decided to cut him off . 
 `` i 've been working on something . '' 
 `` another big contract ? '' 
 jackson said , his eyes lighting up . 
 paris almost felt guilty . 
 `` perhaps , '' paris said , deciding it better to lead him on and do damage control down the line than to reveal the truth . 
 `` i hope so , '' jackson said , his voice dipping low , `` ’cause you have n't closed a deal all week . 
 now , that just ai n't like you , paris . '' 
 paris had a new contract . 
 he just was n't going to turn it in . 
 he could n't risk such a thing , even though it was incredibly lucrative . 
 if he turned it in , zoe would forever be registered on the royal court dockets . 
 it would only be a matter of time before another agent approached her and would likely discover what paris had been up to . 
 the thought made paris shift uncomfortably . 
 the air in the room thickened . 
 paris could see riyad 's eyes locked on a single spot not too far from them , and he knew who was coming . 
 paris could feel his aura before he had even entered the room . 
 it had been many decades since the grand elder had appeared before his court , but paris still remembered the feeling of his presence . 
 salem , the daughter and only child of the grand elder , entered the room first . 
 she was much as paris remembered her . 
 a large demoness , with rolls of fat cascading down her back and a belly that protruded almost comically . 
 her hair was dull and lifeless , hanging down in oily strings . 
 her face , distorted , jutting out in some places and crunched in others . 
 she was a mess to look at and her personality was n't much better , growing up as the grand elders only child had spoiled her quite rotten . 
 paris had to fight the urge to recoil from the sight of her . 
 her father was n't far behind her , standing next to her as proud as a father in his position could be . 
 he was n't much better to look at , but paris always had tremendous respect for him . 
 the grand elder was old now , a hunched shell of a man standing on wobbly knees . 
 he was older than any of them could remember and he looked like it too . 
 his daughter helped him to sit down on his throne , her pudgy fingers wrapped around his shriveled arm . 
 mateo was absent , and his presence could not be felt approaching . 
 paris looked to riyad and they shared a glance of concern . 
 `` my lords -- `` the grand elder spoke , his voice strong , but interrupted with a cough , `` and ladies . '' 
 `` the time has come , '' the grand elder continued , his milky eyes scanned the room as if they could actually see . 
 `` i must choose my successor and depart from you . '' 
 his words were spoken slowly , each one labored . 
 he turned to his daughter with as much of a smile as he could muster and he nodded his head . 
 she returned his affections with a giggle , her sparkling eyes turning to paris . 
 the room turned hot . 
 `` it was always my hope , '' the grand elder said . 
 `` that i could pass the throne to my son , as my father did for me , and his father for him . '' 
 he paused , swallowing and recollecting his energy to speak . 
 he dabbed at his wrinkled lips with a white cotton handkerchief . 
 `` however , '' he continued after a moment , `` fate blessed me with a daughter instead . '' 
 `` father , '' salem said , shifting from one swollen foot to the other , her words hushed and short , `` tell them already . '' 
 `` lord mateo has proposed a most splendid solution , '' the grand elder said , waving off his daughter 's enthusiasm . 
 `` i will take a son in law , and he will inherit my throne , and all the power that comes with it . '' 
 paris felt his pulse rise slightly . 
 he blinked a couple times and swallowed the lump that had lodged itself in his throat . 
 he could see where this was headed , and it was nowhere he wanted to be . 
 he took a deep breath and flexed his knuckles . 
 `` my princess , '' the grand elder said , looking up at his daughter with a weakened smile , `` choose your mate . '' 
 `` i choose , '' salem said , drawing out her words in a high-pitched whine as her eyes landed on paris , `` lord paris . '' 
 chapter ten zoe paced the small amount of floor space in her darkened apartment . 
 candles were littered throughout the room , giving enough light to keep from stubbing her toes . 
 she pulled the pile of blankets she had wrapped around her shoulders closer to her body . 
 she could n't wait for the chill of deep winter to be gone . 
 running a hand over her greasy blonde curls reminded her that she was in desperate need of a bath , but she refused to return to the hot spring . 
 she should have listened to her friend . 
 she never should have gone back . 
 her fingers dabbed at her lips recalling the plush feel of his against hers . 
 all she could think about was that kiss . 
 the way his lips felt against hers , so firm and demanding . 
 she thought she knew what she was doing , thought she could handle a contract with him , but she was wrong . 
 her cheeks burned as she recalled the way he tasted , hot and tangy against her taste buds . 
 the way his presence left her knees weak . 
 the way her name sounded in his honeyed baritone of a voice . 
 she could lie to anyone else , but she could n't lie to herself . 
 she wanted more of him . 
 it had been a couple of days since she last saw him , and since she had made the contract . 
 the feeling of eyes on her back disappeared , but was replaced with an even more unsettling feeling of dread . 
 she sat at the foot of her bed , picking up the closest book she could find from the many that littered her room . 
 she just had to stop thinking about him . 
 he would come soon enough , and perhaps then she would be able to rid herself of him . 
 her eyes scanned the first sentence of the story . 
 then they scanned it again . 
 zoe read the sentence two more times before grunting in frustration and tossing the book away . 
 there was no use . 
 her mind was so occupied with him that she could n't even read . 
 zoe began to pace again . 
 but her footsteps stopped when the air in the room became harder to breath . 
 her skin tingled , and she knew without looking that he was standing behind her . 
 she turned around slowly . 
 her heart thumped faster . 
 her eyes met a broad chest covered in a crisp , white collared shirt , and a dark grey suit coat . 
 she noticed a small insignia on the lapel , a winged horse with an arrow in its mouth . 
 the same insignia was on every other suit that he wore . 
 it took her a moment to lift her eyes upward , and when she did , she was greeted with a cocky smirk on fleshy lips . 
 his grey eyes shimmered as he looked down at her . 
 `` hello zoe , '' paris said . 
 his voice was deep and heavy . 
 zoe 's stomach burned at the way he made her name sound . 
 she swallowed the tension that had gathered in her throat and licked her lips , preparing to speak . 
 `` how did you get in here , '' she said , releasing a heavy breath she forgot she was holding . 
 `` zoe , '' he said her name again . 
 she took a wary step backward but he stalked closer to her , his voice dripping out low and dangerous . 
 every nerve tingled with the excitement of being close to him , in spite of her constant efforts to stop it . 
 `` i can always find you now , '' he said , stopping just a few inches from her . 
 he cocked his head as he looked down at her . 
 his hand reached up slowly , and zoe steeled her nerves to keep from jumping in fright . 
 time seemed to freeze as she waited in anticipation to see what he would do . 
 the sharp tips of his claws ghosted by her cheek as he brushed back an errant strand of hair . 
 `` i never told you where i lived , '' she managed to choke out . 
 `` you did n't have to zoe , '' he said , his words playing over her name as if he was taunting her . 
 `` you should read your contract . 
 there is a clause that allows me to locate you anytime i like . '' 
 `` i tried to read it , '' zoe said , snapping out of her haze of desire for just a moment . 
 she stomped across the candlelit room , past a couple piles of books , to a small table with a drawer . 
 yanking it open , she pulled out the scroll that paris had given her . 
 `` it 's in french , '' she said , waving it at him . 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 he said , feigning ignorance that did n't fool zoe in the slightest . 
 he snatched up the contract from her hand and opened it with a flick of his wrist . 
 zoe could tell he had a familiarity with the object by the ease with which he handled it . 
 she wondered if he did this sort of thing a lot . 
 if he had many other humans that owed him some sort of debt . 
 `` my apologies , '' he said , without the slightest hint of regret as he rerolled the contract and handed it back to zoe . 
 she supposed the teeny and prolific amount of words on the paper was enough to deter any other client . 
 but zoe was different , and he knew that . 
 she happily devoured every word she could get her hands on , and would have that contract digested within an hour . 
 obviously there was something in it that he did n't want her to read . 
 zoe wondered what he was gaming at . 
 why had he picked her to stalk ? 
 there was n't anything so special or curious about her . 
 zoe could see him looking around her apartment and she became painfully conscious of how inadequate her apartment was . 
 `` there is no electricity to this place , '' he said simply , as if he was making a technical assessment . 
 his brow was furrowed and his eyes were harsh as he glared back at her , expecting an answer . 
 zoe fidgeted under his gaze . 
 it was hard enough trying to live without power , but having to face the abject embarrassment of admitting it was even worse . 
 it was even more embarrassing having to admit it to paris . 
 `` i make do , '' zoe said , holding her chin up high . 
 she spoke as loud as she could muster , but it still came out as barely a whisper of a defense . 
 `` why did you come here ? '' 
 zoe saw the slight but distinct shift in paris ' expression from a happy gleam of predatory joy to a faint but undeniable trace of compassion . 
 it took her completely off guard and made his sudden movements even more jarring . 
 he stood in front of her , with barely a splinter of air between their bodies . 
 his hand nestled itself possessively on her hip , heat from the contact burning through the layers of clothing between them . 
 the breath caught in her throat as he pulled her gently , but insistently closer to him , melding their bodies together . 
 his grey eyes twinkled in the flickering candle flames that lit the room as he looked down at her . 
 `` you are different , '' paris said , his voice softened and his breath floated over her lips . 
 `` i simply could not let you go . '' 
 chapter eleven zoe had anticipated a kiss that never came . 
 the demon taunted and teased her , playing on her every emotional peak and dip . 
 then , much like he had the last time , he disappeared as quickly as he came , leaving her hot and terribly unsatisfied . 
 zoe fell asleep with the singular thought that she had gotten in way over her head . 
 a musical chirping woke her , and it took her sleep-hazed brain a moment to realize her cell phone was ringing . 
 she pulled herself out of bed and willed her heavy limbs in motion to find the device . 
 it was kat . 
 she clicked the little green button on her embarrassingly large cell phone and held it to her ear . 
 `` get dressed , '' she heard her friends voice saying before she even had a chance to utter a syllable of greeting , `` and put down whatever book you 're reading . 
 i 've got reservations . '' 
 `` kat , '' zoe said , trying to push out the sleep from her voice , `` now really is n't a good time ... '' `` have you eaten yet ? '' 
 kat asked , ignoring the disinterest in zoe 's words . 
 `` no , i just woke up , '' zoe said , plopping back down on the bed . 
 she was so exhausted . 
 she just wanted to go back to sleep . 
 `` good , '' kat said , leaving no room for argument , `` get dressed . 
 i 've been trying to get a table at this restaurant for months . 
 it 's my treat , so get up , get dressed , and get your butt downtown . '' 
 the other line clicked and zoe sighed as she tossed the phone onto the bed . 
 it landed with a soft plop in the ratted , lightly stained feather comforter . 
 she glanced at her watch . 
 it was already afternoon . 
 she had slept away the morning . 
 she stayed up so late the night before , wondering with anticipation if paris would come back . 
 pushing off the bed with a grunt she quickly dressed and made her way to the downtown area to meet up with kat . 
 her friend was always coming up with some new thing for them to try , or store to go shopping in , or hip new restaurant to try out . 
 kat could n't be a more different a person than zoe . 
 she wondered sometimes how they were even friends . 
 if it were n't for kat 's persistence , they would never actually hang out together . 
 not that zoe did n't enjoy her company . 
 she was just usually so distracted with books that she did n't even think to call her only friend in the world . 
 kat was on the phone as zoe got off at the usual subway stop of their meeting station . 
 she was pacing the entrance in her designer shoes and a form fitting couture day dress . 
 her friend 's clothing was once a source of quiet envy for zoe . 
 she knew she could never afford things like that . 
 `` finally , '' kat nearly yelled , stomping one foot in exaggeration , `` we almost missed the reservation . '' 
 kat did n't wait for an excuse , wrapping her arm in zoe 's and pulling her quickly down the street . 
 they had a couple blocks of walking that provided the perfect amount of time for the two to catch up on the details of the week . 
 zoe could n't keep the blush from her cheeks when she thought about what had really been occupying her time . 
 luckily , the heat went unnoticed by her friend who was all too excited to begin sharing about her week . 
 they were almost to the restaurant when zoe saw it . 
 it was a small thing , only about the size of a penny , in the window of a store . 
 the insignia immediately triggered a rush of heat that stopped her dead in her tracks . 
 her head snapped around , just knowing that she would see him somewhere . 
 his suits , every single one of them had that insignia . 
 this must be where he shopped . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 kat asked , looking back at her with a mixture of concern and confusion . 
 `` i ... nothing , '' zoe said , shaking her head . 
 she tried to suppress the heat that burned on her cheeks , the tension that had seized her body , but kat had already seen it . 
 `` so you met someone ? '' 
 kat said , an excited smile spreading across her face . 
 `` that 's where you 've been all week . '' 
 `` well , it 's not really like that , '' she said , shaking her head again . 
 she realized for the first time that she did n't really know what it was like . 
 thoughts of him brought a knot of anxiety in her stomach that was both thrilling and terrifying at the same time . 
 her mind wanted to run away from him . 
 but her body was aching for his touch . 
 `` i know that look , and it is so clearly like that , '' kat said . 
 her eyes followed zoe 's frozen glare towards the shop before she could tear them away . 
 `` recognize something ? '' 
 kat said , looking back towards her with wiggling eyebrows . 
 `` i never would have thought you would go for the type to shop at that store . 
 my father shops there . '' 
 `` it 's really not like that , '' zoe said , her voice desperate . 
 she needed to get off this subject and luckily she had the perfect thing to distract her friend 's line of thought . 
 `` are n't we going to be late to our reservation ? '' 
 `` forget the reservation , '' kat said , as a very unsettling smirk spread across her face . 
 `` zoe has a secret lover . '' 
 `` no , '' zoe said , almost shouting in panic as she looked around the bustling uptown street . 
 she just knew paris was lurking somewhere , watching , listening . 
 he would use this against her the next time he decided to show himself . 
 she had thought a million times how she should have never gone back to that hot spring . 
 she should have listened to kat . 
 now she was risking bringing kat into the same trouble she was in . 
 `` i just -- `` zoe pulled kat closer to her , dropping her voice in case he was in the vicinity , `` i do n't know if he feels the same way . '' 
 it was n't entirely a lie . 
 his actions were so mixed . 
 she could n't figure him out . 
 he kissed her one moment , only to taunt her the next . 
 but she was n't really falling in love with him . 
 how could she ? 
 he was something so deadly that the mere thought of what he was capable of made the hairs prickle on the back of her neck . 
 `` i 'll tell you all about it , '' zoe said , pulling a little closer to kat , `` why do n't you go ahead and get our reservation ? 
 i 'll be right behind . 
 i wan na check on something . '' 
 `` ok , '' kat said with short sigh , `` but i want to hear all about it . '' 
 `` of course , '' zoe said , faking a smile . 
 kat turned on her heels and headed toward the restaurant . 
 zoe 's attention turned back to the store . 
 she just had to go inside and look . 
 somehow she just knew she was going to find him there . 
 the same heaviness that hung around was hovering around the store . 
 he had to be in there . 
 she could feel her palms begin to sweat as she got closer to the store . 
 her heart began to race in her chest and she could feel the nervous sweat collecting in her armpits in spite of the chilly weather . 
 she shook out her fingers before she reached for the frameless glass doors to the swanky men 's store . 
 it swung open easily and a rush of musky room perfume tickled her nose . 
 zoe had never felt more out of place . 
 her torn jeans and worn out black long sleeve top contrasted with the fine clothing that surrounded her . 
 she picked up the price tag on a plain white , men 's dress shirt , turning it over to read the price . 
 she had to count the zeros in the number before she gently set the tag back down and backed away from the table of obscenely priced shirts . 
 `` handpicked egyptian cotton , '' a drawn out voice said from behind her . 
 she whirled around , barely able to contain a gasp . 
 intense blue eyes met her from behind a handsome face with a well-trimmed goatee . 
 `` in the height of summer , '' the man continued with a southern drawl , `` by the gentle fingers of the chuwatee tribe children . 
 i find it gives the cotton an added softness . '' 
 `` you look lost , '' he said , glancing down his slender nose at her shabby wardrobe . 
 `` i ... um , '' zoe pulled at the edge of her shirt and smoothed the front of her jeans . 
 she had momentarily forgotten why she had come in here in the first place . 
 his presence was overwhelming . 
 `` i 'm looking for someone , actually . 
 a customer of yours maybe ... '' `` is that so ? '' 
 the man , dressed in a crisp-pressed white suit , said . 
 his smile broadened , making zoe more uncomfortable . 
 `` tall , dark , and handsome ? '' 
 he said , his brows rising in assumed correctness . 
 `` very sneaky ? '' 
 `` that 's sounds a lot like him , '' zoe said . 
 she tried to clear her throat but it was too dry . 
 `` i see this a lot , unfortunately , '' the man said , turning away from her . 
 he walked to the checkout counter , grabbing a business card from behind the desk . 
 `` i should apologize for my associate 's lack of manners . 
 he can be ... elusive at times . '' 
 `` your associate ? '' 
 zoe said with a shaky voice . 
 `` partner , to be more precise , '' the man said , gesturing to the store . 
 he held the card out for zoe to take . 
 `` just say the words on the back , he 'll come . '' 
 zoe reached for the card with a shaky hand . 
 the air in her lungs had just become heavier . 
 did this man know what paris really was ? 
 `` i should warn you , '' the man said , pulling the card back a little , `` he has been awfully busy with his new fiancé . 
 i 'm not sure he would appreciate any ... distractions at the moment . '' 
 his last words dipped lower , the smile faded from his face . 
 zoe knew in that very moment he was a demon . 
 and he was giving her a clear warning . 
 it was all she could do to snatch the card from his hand and walk quickly out of the store with a tiny semblance of composure . 
 chapter twelve zoe paced her apartment , her eyes reading over the short sentence on the back of the card . 
 she stopped by the window , holding the card up to it , inspecting it in the sunlight , as if she would find some new little piece of information she had n't found in the last three hours of looking at it . 
 she had come directly home after leaving the store . 
 she could expect kat to be calling her soon , demanding an explanation . 
 but she would deal with her friend later , after she had dealt with this demon . 
 she had been trying to say the words for a solid hour , but the thought of him standing before her made her stomach tumble and her constitution waver . 
 it was now or never . 
 she glanced around her apartment , checking all the preparations she had made . 
 everything was in place , she hoped . 
 all she needed was to summon him . 
 the words of the man in the store had haunted her all the way home . 
 he had a fiancé . 
 he was engaged . 
 zoe questioned even more what he wanted with her . 
 he had kissed her . 
 did that mean nothing ? 
 was he just toying with her ? 
 her heart had lodged itself in her throat thinking about it . 
 it did n't really matter . 
 she knew what she had to do . 
 finally , she was ready . 
 she adjusted her shirt , wishing she had something that flattered her figure more . 
 her heart pumped quickly , but she did her best to ignore it as she took a steady breath and parted her lips to speak the sentence on the card . 
 but before any words came out , she heard a loud click . 
 she felt the subtle but unmistakable feeling of electricity surrounding her . 
 artificial light flooded her tiny apartment and she heard the air conditioner kick on . 
 the last time she had the power on it was the height of summer . 
 zoe set the card down on the table and walked over to the thermostat , moving it into the heat position . 
 she did n't even need to think about it too long before she realized what had happened . 
 he was responsible for this . 
 # it was hard for paris to decide if he was happy or not when he felt her summoning him . 
 he could n't deny that he wanted to see her again . 
 had wanted to see her again since the very second he had left her . 
 it would also give him a reason to get away from salem , who had clung to him like a barnacle since the moment their mating was ordered by the grand elder . 
 `` my dear , '' he said , cutting into salem 's rambling . 
 he forced himself to act disappointed . 
 `` i 'm afraid business calls me away . '' 
 `` no , '' she said , puffing her already fat lips into a pout . 
 `` i want to talk more about our mating ceremony . 
 and i want to pick a cake today . 
 i want to buy a new dress for the engagement party , and ... '' `` my princess , '' paris said , forcing back utter disgust , `` you know i can not ignore the call . '' 
 `` fine , '' she said with a heavy sigh as she dropped his hand . 
 `` but come back quickly . '' 
 `` as fast as i can , '' paris said , flashing a handsome smirk before disappearing . 
 he could only hope she would not decide to follow him . 
 it was not considered good form to do such a thing , but salem never had good form . 
 # `` why is n't this working ? '' 
 zoe said as she waved the bundle of burning herbs in the air . 
 `` i followed the directions . '' 
 she stuck her nose in the small book that she had found this ritual in . 
 she scanned the pages , confirming that she had n't forgotten anything . 
 a scowl formed on her face . 
 she had followed it word for word . 
 `` damn it , '' she huffed , dropping the book down on the table . 
 she looked up and into the eyes of paris . 
 `` you have to give me a moment , '' he said with a smirk on his lips . 
 `` i was on the other side of the city . '' 
 zoe instantly noticed something was different about him . 
 a subtle difference . 
 his ears were no longer gently pointed , but rounded instead . 
 his fingers were no longer tipped with deadly claws , and his eyes , though still intense , had shifted . 
 he looked entirely human . 
 she was so busy gawking at him in surprise that she almost forgot to close the trap she had laid out for him . 
 she quickly scooped the book back up , and began reading as best as she could from the latin that was written on the page . 
 `` you really are an intriguing little thing , '' he said , interrupting her mid-sentence . 
 she shrugged off his comment and tried to continue . 
 if she listened to him , she knew he could talk his way out of this . 
 she only had one chance to turn the tables on him and she had to get it right . 
 `` you 're wasting your time , '' he said . 
 zoe ignored him . 
 she had to continue . 
 the words were so difficult to pronounce but she struggled through them . 
 she quickly turned the page and read the last three words , glancing up at him when she had finished . 
 he stared back at her with amusement in his eyes and her heart sank . 
 `` it wo n't work on me , '' he said , snatching the book out of her hands . 
 his eyes scanned the symbols that had taken all afternoon to inscribe on her ceiling and floor . 
 they where supposed to contain him , to cage him to that spot until she could finish speaking the words of the spell to bind him forever , to enslave him to her . 
 `` zoe , '' he said , taking a step toward her , `` you did n't really think you could bind me , did you ? '' 
 `` i ... um ... '' zoe tried to back away from his approaching steps but she ran into the edge of the desk and had to stop . 
 he continued his approach , leaving barely a space between them . 
 she sucked in a sharp breath . 
 her eyes searched his face with apprehension , waiting for his next move . 
 `` such crude preparations wo n't contain a demon of my class , '' he said , his voice hushed and husky . 
 she could see him hesitate for a moment , his eyes locked on her lips . 
 a softer look overcame him , one that zoe had seen before . 
 he lifted a hand , running the pad of his thumb over her bottom lip , as he leaned in towards her . 
 she waited for the kiss that lingered between them . 
 she leaned into it , anticipating his lips on hers . 
 `` you 're engaged , '' she said , snapping them both out of the haze of their attraction . 
 he dropped his hand to his side , pulling back from her with disappointment in his eyes . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 a nasally voice said behind zoe . 
 the sound made her cringe before she even turned to see the hideous creature that had issued it . 
 `` is this the business you left me for ? '' 
 `` my princess , '' paris said , his demeanor shifting quite suddenly to a most charming façade . 
 `` this is my newest client . 
 i was just telling her about you . '' 
 chapter thirteen `` she is trying to bind you , '' salem said , her eyes growing large as she saw the room filled with the various ritual elements . 
 the putrid smell that poured from her mouth as she spoke made paris want to recoil . 
 this was bad , very , very bad . 
 `` she 's your fiancé ? '' 
 zoe asked , disbelief in her eyes as she looked back and forth between paris and salem . 
 a short yelping laugh came from the slender girl and paris wanted to roll his eyes in irritation . 
 `` how dare you insult me , '' salem said , her tiny eyes popping with rage . 
 she stomped her fat foot against the dingy carpet , looking at paris with a finger pointing at zoe . 
 `` do n't just stand there . 
 take her into custody . '' 
 `` darling , '' paris said , tucking a crispy lock of brown hair behind salem 's unshapely ear , trying to calm the rage he could see bubbling inside her . 
 he had to persuade her without drawing too much suspicion to his motives . 
 `` she is a new client . 
 that is not a good way to conduct business . '' 
 `` not a good way ? '' 
 salem hissed , her unkempt brows pulled down over eyes . 
 `` i do n't care about business . 
 i want her . '' 
 `` hey , '' zoe said , crossing her arms . 
 `` i 'm standing right here and no one is taking ... '' `` shut up , human , '' paris interrupted her before she said too much . 
 he could see the hurt in her eyes , and it pained him in such an odd way . 
 as if his heart was being constricted in his chest . 
 but paris knew he had to be forceful . 
 `` unfortunately , '' paris said , thinking of the only defense he could , `` i have not turned in the contract yet . 
 technically -- `` `` technically , '' salem cut his words short , `` she owes you her eternal life . 
 you have a contract do n't you ? 
 turning it in is merely a formality . '' 
 the entire situation was getting rapidly out of hand . 
 paris could n't keep defending her like this . 
 salem would figure out something was n't right if the argument kept up . 
 he had to take zoe into custody , if only to shut salem up . 
 `` if it will make you happy , '' paris said flashing his most charming grin . 
 `` why do n't you return ? 
 i will take care of this business . '' 
 `` give me her contract , '' salem said , her voice dipping lower , `` i will turn it in . '' 
 paris was stuck , and he had but a moment to think it through . 
 giving salem the contract , turning it in would doom zoe to a life of registry with the court , something no human truly wanted . 
 but refusing such a simple thing would bring unwanted scrutiny upon himself . 
 there was only one thing he could do . 
 he reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a copy of their contract . 
 salem quickly snatched it from his hand . 
 `` i believe the sun will set soon , my dear , '' paris said , with a glance at his watch , `` did n't you want to pick out a cake for the party ? '' 
 `` oh yes , '' salem said . 
 her eyes grew wide with her excitement , the mention of cake overshadowing her victory . 
 she licked her puffy lips . 
 `` i 'm going to pick out a big one . '' 
 `` anything you like , dear '' paris said , forcing a smile . 
 salem disappeared from the room and his smile dropped as he looked down at zoe . 
 she looked back at him , her face pale and her jaw clamped tight . 
 paris could feel the fear overwhelming her every emotion . 
 he found it odd how much he did not like it . 
 `` what just happened ? '' 
 she spoke finally , her words soft and shaky . 
 `` just do what i tell you to , '' paris said . 
 he tried to soften his voice , but he was n't very practiced in the art of condolences . 
 he could smell the saltiness of her tears , on the edge of spilling . 
 `` i will fix this . '' 
 `` how can i trust you ? '' 
 zoe said . 
 her tears began to flow . 
 `` you have done everything you can to trick me , since the very moment i met you . 
 all i wanted was to be left alone . '' 
 paris was completely at a loss . 
 he was used to hearing humans cry . 
 most of the humans he did business with tried to use it for sympathy at some point . 
 it usually had no effect on him , but he found zoe 's tears to be especially discomforting . 
 he was n't quite sure why , but he just wanted her to stop . 
 not because he found the sound or smell irritating , which was usually the case , but because he just did n't want her to cry . 
 he did n't want to hear or smell her crying . 
 `` i made a mistake , '' paris said . 
 it was a phrase he never uttered , mostly because it never happened . 
 but he hoped it would calm zoe , at least enough to stop her crying . 
 `` i will fix this . 
 and i will leave you alone . '' 
 his last words were surprisingly painful to say . 
 there was still so much he wanted from her . 
 so much he wanted to finish . 
 he wanted to taste more than just her soft lips . 
 he wanted to feel more than just a gentle touch . 
 he wanted to do the one thing that was most forbidden to his kind . 
 he wanted it with every fiber of his being . 
 before she could shed one more tear , he was beside her . 
 he wrapped his arm around her shoulders and pulled her into his chest . 
 `` stop crying , '' he said , his voice little more than a husky whisper . 
 `` i 'm not going to let anything happen to you . '' 
 chapter fourteen `` do you love her ? '' 
 zoe asked . 
 she wiped at her eyes . 
 `` do not be ridiculous , '' paris said with a scoff . 
 he removed his arm from around her but remained close . 
 he did n't say anything else , and zoe did n't know what to say . 
 `` why are you marrying her ? '' 
 zoe asked . 
 the question came out with a hint of jealousy that she could n't hide . 
 she did n't even expect him to answer . 
 `` i have to , '' paris said . 
 he did n't elaborate any further , and zoe knew that pressing him would n't get any further explanation . 
 `` why did you kiss me ? '' 
 she asked , regretting the words as soon as they left her mouth . 
 but she just had to know . 
 she had to know if this was all just some silly game to him , or if he felt the same burning desires that she did . 
 `` because i wanted to , '' he was as still as a stone , only the muscles of his jaw twitched with the tension he placed on them . 
 his eyes looked away from her , staring off into nothing . 
 `` but ... '' zoe tried to force the words out , to ask the question she really wanted an answer to , but the fear in her throat blocked them . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he said , his voice firm and rising angrily . 
 `` i want you . 
 incomprehensibly , i just ... want you . '' 
 zoe sighed , her shoulders relaxing noticeably . 
 she instantly felt better . 
 just knowing that the feelings were mutual made things better . 
 his arms wrapped around her and she moved easily into his embrace . 
 `` enough talking , '' paris said . 
 `` we have to go now . '' 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 zoe asked , looking up at him . 
 `` just be quiet , '' he said . 
 zoe felt a nauseating pull , her stomach turned as her entire body was yanked in one direction . 
 when her mind adjusted , she realized they were no longer in her apartment . 
 the expansive new surroundings contrasted sharply with the cramped quarters in her one room apartment . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 zoe asked , stepping back from paris and turning herself around to take it all in . 
 `` this is my home . 
 you will be safe here until i return , '' paris said . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 she asked , whipping her head back around to look at him . 
 `` just stay here , and try not to do anything stupid , '' he said , disappearing before she had time to argue . 
 # zoe had never been so bored in all her life . 
 paris ' apartment was massive , but devoid of anything a normal human would find comfortable . 
 she had explored five rooms so far , each one more barren than the last . 
 he had not a single book , nor magazine , not even a piddley little newspaper to read . 
 she had tried sitting on the couch , but it was more comfortable to simply stand . 
 there was no warmth , no comfort in his home . 
 it felt sterile and she found that to be the worst thing of all . 
 her stomach growled as she headed to the kitchen , finding little more than a bottle of scotch and two glasses . 
 not a scrap of food otherwise . 
 as the minutes ticked into hours she began to worry . 
 things had gone so differently than she had planned . 
 she was a formality away from being eternally indentured to a demon she happened to have an intense attraction to . 
 but it was so much more than that . 
 she had been confronted with a reality she had run from for the better part of her life . 
 now , there was no more running . 
 she had to face the fact that her mother had been right . 
 all those years growing up , listening to stories about the dark creatures that lurked in the night . 
 she thought her mom was just crazy . 
 it was something she never imagined herself thinking , but now she wished she had listened to her more often . 
 chapter fifteen it was nearing dusk and paris had to hurry on his way through the uptown section of the city , towards the store . 
 if he knew salem at all , she would have already handed off the contract to jackson , who would waste no time preparing the necessary documents and filing it with the court . 
 he had to find a way to stop him , or at least stall the inevitable until he could think of a way to explain himself . 
 `` your majesty , '' jackson said , with a mocking grin and an exaggerated bow as he saw paris enter the shop . 
 `` i am not in the mood , '' paris said , a warning clear in his tone . 
 `` your lovely fiancé stopped by just moments ago , '' jackson said , ignoring the threat with a wry smile on his face . 
 `` i must admit to being rather jealous of her . '' 
 `` she gave you a contract , '' paris said . 
 `` unfortunately , it was a bit premature . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 jackson said , his eyebrows shooting up his forehead `` why , paris that 's not like you . '' 
 paris could n't tell if his friend 's surprise was honest or feigned . 
 jackson had been confronting him all week . 
 he would need to be very careful about what he said . 
 `` i have been distracted , '' paris said , with a shrug . 
 `` taking a mate was not something i intended to do . '' 
 for a moment , they stood frozen in their spots . 
 looking back at each other , sizing each other up . 
 the seconds ticked by , their eyes locked in a silent battle . 
 finally , jackson began to crack a smile . 
 his eyes moved and he nodded his head . 
 `` of course you have , '' jackson said , turning slightly to reach behind the check counter . 
 he pulled out the contract . 
 `` i 'll have a look over it . 
 make sure everything is in order before i turn it in . '' 
 `` i will make the necessary corrections , '' paris said , biting back the urge to growl at him . 
 `` the terms were stated incorrectly . '' 
 `` oh , i see , '' jackson said with a short nod and a half smile . 
 he looked down at the contract in his hands as if he was pondering whether to hand it over or not . 
 finally , he looked up at paris and held the contract out to him with a full smile . 
 paris reached for it , thankful that he was able to convince his partner that everything was business as usual . 
 if he could just get his hands on that contract , he could buy himself enough time to destroy any evidence that there was more than just business between him and zoe . 
 `` just one more thing , '' jackson said , pulling the contract back just before paris could touch it . 
 `` i had the most peculiar woman come into the store the other day . 
 said she was a client of yours . '' 
 paris clenched his jaw and tried not to give himself away . 
 he knew immediately who it was , and why jackson was bringing it up . 
 he had already looked over the contract , and knew who the signee was . 
 `` i thought it was so odd at the time , '' jackson said , continuing to talk as he took a step away from paris , holding the contract protectively to his chest . 
 `` i had never heard her name before , and you had n't turned in any recent contracts . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 paris said , his voice remaining flat even though he knew exactly where this was going . 
 he knew when the girl summoned him that she must have found jackson . 
 it happened all the time . 
 it was the suit . 
 he knew they were unique , and of the highest quality . 
 that 's why he wore them , and sold them . 
 but it was an inconvenience that it seemed to help people find him more often than he wanted . 
 and jackson was far too loose lipped about his personal information . 
 `` she was a rather intriguing creature , '' jackson said , a twinkle in his blue eyes . 
 `` and her reaction at the mention of you was ... so odd . '' 
 `` get to the point , '' paris said , trying to remain calm , prepared for the accusation that he knew was about to come . 
 `` i hate to ask , paris , '' jackson said , `` but you know i have to . 
 is this more than just a contract ? '' 
 `` that 's a ridiculous question , '' paris said , his eyes narrowing . 
 `` and you are avoiding the answer , '' jackson said . 
 he stared intently back at paris , his jaw tight and raised in defiance , as if he was a toddler scolding a parent . 
 `` because it is an absurd assumption , '' paris said . 
 `` you better make sure of that , '' jackson said . 
 `` the last thing i would want is for the hunters to be called after you . '' 
 `` that 's not going to happen , '' paris said . 
 `` good , '' jackson said , `` than if you do n't mind , i think i 'll make the corrections to the contract before i turn it in . 
 with all your distractions lately , i would hate to have you overlook something important . '' 
 chapter sixteen jackson 's words stuck in paris ' head . 
 the hunters . 
 they would be called after him if his true relationship with zoe ever came to light . 
 as much as he did n't want to give her up , he knew that he could n't keep her . 
 not as a client , and most certainly not as a servant . 
 he would be far too tempted to do things that would lead to a most painful death for himself . 
 he made it to his apartment just after sunset , transporting the last few blocks home so as not to be seen on the streets in his true form . 
 he had a bulging grocery bag in each hand . 
 unsure of what zoe liked to eat , he picked up an assortment of things from the store . 
 she had her back turned to him when he entered the apartment . 
 looking out the floor to ceiling windows that made up one wall of his living room , she watched as the stars began to peek out of the blue black darkness of the night sky . 
 he did n't want to move , did n't want to disturb her just yet . 
 her slender yet shapely silhouette was breathtaking , and he wanted to cherish the last few moments he had with her . 
 he had made a decision . 
 it was n't going to be the life he thought he would have . 
 it was n't the life he had worked for . 
 but he had no choice now . 
 once salem was out of the picture , releasing zoe would n't be too much trouble , and barely likely to bring much unwanted attention . 
 he moved his hand , rustling the plastic grocery bag slightly and alerting her to his presence . 
 she turned around with a startled jump , sucking in a sharp breath when she saw him . 
 `` i do n't think i will ever get use to that , '' she said , `` it 's not fair that you can just appear out of nowhere . '' 
 `` i was unsure what you would prefer to eat , '' paris said , holding the bags a little higher , `` i know your kind is fond of eating . '' 
 a relieved expression overcame her and she rushed to take one of the bags from him , rifling through it with moans and grunts of hunger . 
 she took the other bag and did the same , opening a box and digging in to the food . 
 `` i 'm so hungry , '' she said , with her mouth full . 
 it was a touching display of sincerity . 
 `` how can you not have any food in this place ? '' 
 `` demons do not require food , '' he said , sitting down next to her at the kitchen bar . 
 he watched her with interest , soaking up every flickering emotion and innocent reaction while he still could . 
 `` do n't you watch tv ? 
 read a book ? 
 play a game ? '' 
 she said , pushing all the food in her mouth to one cheek for room to speak . 
 `` have any fun at all ? '' 
 `` human frivolities do not entertain us , '' he said . 
 he wished he could give her more . 
 but he had already gone too far with her . 
 he needed to stop himself before he got into trouble he would n't be able to get out of . 
 `` so what do demons do for fun ? '' 
 she asked , showing genuine interest and curiosity in her wide eyes . 
 the way she was looking back at him so expectantly stuck him straight in the chest . 
 `` you do n't want to know , '' paris said . 
 he was being truthful . 
 most humans would recoil at the bloodthirsty reality of demonic entertainment . 
 `` earlier , '' zoe said , clearing her mouth of food , `` in my apartment , you looked different . '' 
 she made a motion to point at his ears . 
 it was n't very often that humans saw him in his real form . 
 people were n't likely to sign a contract with a demon that actually looked like a demon . 
 the human appearance came in handy for gaining trust . 
 he , like most demons , tried to hide his true form . 
 but it was different with zoe . 
 of course , it was different with zoe . 
 everything was different with her . 
 `` the darkness brings out our true form , '' paris said . 
 he watched zoe as her mind thought about that for a moment . 
 she popped another piece of food in her mouth and began chewing on it . 
 `` that man in the store , '' she said , between bites , `` he was a demon too ? '' 
 `` yes , '' paris said . 
 `` i knew that , '' she said . 
 `` i do n't really know how i knew , but i knew . '' 
 `` that is rare gift , '' paris said . 
 `` most humans are incapable of feeling our presence . '' 
 it had been a long time since he had met a human with the ability to sense the demonic energy that drifted in the air around his kind . 
 at this point , it did n't really surprise him that zoe could sense it . 
 everything about her seemed to be a mystery to him . 
 `` thank you , '' zoe said after a thick swallow , `` for the food . '' 
 humans thanked paris all the time . 
 he did , after all , grant their most base desires . 
 but he had never , in all that time , recieved such a sincere expression of gratitude . 
 nor had it made him feel as truly happy as hers had . 
 `` you are very welcome , zoe , '' paris said , his voice low . 
 he slid off the bar stool he was sitting on and , with zoe 's eyes trained on him , he began to walk towards his bedroom , loosening his tie . 
 he pulled it over his head and tossed it carelessly onto the back of the couch . 
 he removed his suit jacket , and began to unbutton his white collared shirt . 
 he could n't hide the smile from his face when his nose picked up the smell of zoe 's arousal as the shirt slid off his shoulders . 
 he worked hard to keep his body in peak physical condition , and he had yet to find a female that was left unsatisfied by the mere sight of it . 
 he gazed over his shoulder , catching her slightly slack jawed stare . 
 the tip of her tongue trailed out over her dried lips as her eyes scanned his physique . 
 her arousal intensified . 
 his chest swelled with pride . 
 paris was already risking a painful death for what he had done with zoe . 
 he may as well make it worth his while . 
 `` are you coming ? '' 
 he said , raising a brow suggestively . 
 chapter seventeen `` come ... coming ? '' 
 she said , her words stuttering as her eyes perused his half naked body . 
 the heat in her stomach burned deeper . 
 `` it 's time for bed , '' he said . 
 her knees knocked at the way the words rolled off his tongue . 
 it was hard for her to breath . 
 there was so much meaning behind those words that was not lost on zoe . 
 `` yeah , about that , '' she said , clearing her throat . 
 it took every ounce of willpower she had to tear her eyes away from his body . 
 `` i noticed you only have one bed in all these rooms . '' 
 `` i do n't require more than one , '' he said , turning fully away from her . 
 he continued to walk toward the bedroom . 
 zoe looked at the couch . 
 just the sight of it made her shift uncomfortably . 
 she may as well sleep on the floor . 
 `` where am i supposed to sleep ? '' 
 she called after him , hopping off the stool and shuffling over to follow him into the bedroom . 
 `` i believe there is enough room in the bed for both of us , '' paris said , as he motioned to the king size bed that took up half the room . 
 `` that 's not going to work for me , '' zoe said with a nervous chuckle . 
 paris did n't respond . 
 he reached for his zipper , his eyes hooded and locked on her . 
 she swallowed and clenched her jaw tight . 
 he slid the zipper slowly down , unhooked the button that held the pants to his hips . 
 the light material of his dress slacks fell to the floor with a tiny shove . 
 he stood before her , completely unabashed , in black silk boxers that fit him so well , and gestured for her to get in the bed . 
 her cheeks burned and her mouth felt like a desert . 
 `` i promise i 'll be good , '' he said . 
 it made her skin so hot , she was sure it would melt right off her bones . 
 she fought for a breath . 
 she was a little afraid that if she actually allowed herself to explore him , she would die from pure pleasure . 
 `` i highly doubt that , '' zoe said , composing herself . 
 she crossed her arms over her chest and tried to quell her body 's desires . 
 `` there is nowhere else for you to sleep , '' he said , pulling back the sleek black comforter that covered the bed . 
 he slid easily into the black cotton sheets , leaning back against the pillow with a hand behind his head and his eyes sliding closed . 
 zoe knew what he was doing . 
 but he was right . 
 there really was nowhere else to sleep . 
 she wondered if he planned things to go like this . 
 at this point , she would n't put it past him . 
 her body wanted to run into his embrace , and go right along with all the sinful things he wanted to do to her . 
 she would try to resist his charms as long as she could , but at some point she would collapse under the weight of his prowess and submit to her own desires . 
 there was only a very small part of her that was maintaining resistance . 
 `` i suggest you get some sleep , '' paris said , his eyes remaining closed . 
 he did n't move again for a while . 
 zoe just stood at the side of the bed , thinking through her next moves . 
 she could try to sleep on the floor , but in all honesty next to him in the bed was exactly where she wanted to be . 
 it was getting late , her eyes were heavy , and her constitution was weak . 
 zoe pulled the edges of her faded black top over her head , her eyes glued to paris , looking for any sign that he was asleep already , or still awake . 
 her jeans quickly followed her shirt , landing in a pile on the thick carpet . 
 she pulled back the covers on the bed and slipped under them as unnoticeably as possible . 
 she curled into herself as comfortably as she could . 
 her body burned to a fever pitch , just knowing that he was laying so close to her , both their bodies nearly naked . 
 the beat of her own heart filled her ears as she clenched her eyes shut . 
 she knew it was so wrong to want him like she did , but she just could n't stop her body from reacting to him . 
 if she could just fall asleep quick enough , maybe he would n't try to temp her . 
 an eternity seemed to pass in an instant . 
 she waited for him to move , to speak , to do something . 
 but he did n't . 
 her heart began to slow . 
 her nerves stilled and the burn in her stomach subsided as sleep began to take her . 
 as the beginnings of a dream formed in her mind , she felt the bed shifting and was snapped back to reality . 
 chapter eighteen paris felt her body tense as he reached for her . 
 he stopped short of touching her , and watched her turned back for a moment , waiting to see if she would turn around to look at him . 
 it was late . 
 it had been a long day . 
 but paris had one thing he wanted to do before he let sleep take him . 
 `` no goodnight kiss ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she did n't respond , did n't move . 
 he could hear her heart beat picking up . 
 `` i know you are awake , zoe , '' he said . 
 he wanted so badly for her to turn around and look at him . 
 he wanted to hold her for one last sin-filled night . 
 `` you terrify me , '' she said , with a huff echoing her words . 
 she rolled onto her back and looked at him with wide , innocent eyes . 
 `` i 'm supposed to , '' paris said . 
 the sad reality of his words sunk in . 
 for the first time in his life , he regretted the way things were . 
 he regretted his very existence , if only for the simple fact that it would keep zoe away from him . 
 `` then why do you make me feel like this ? '' 
 she said . 
 her beautifully shaped , full brows scrunched together as she looked to him for an answer . 
 `` i do n't know why i even care , '' paris said . 
 he should n't care . 
 not about her . 
 not about any human . 
 he could see her eyes focused on his lips . 
 he could feel her arousal floating around her aura . 
 it did n't take any further encouragement . 
 he leaned in , his arm scooping around the other side of her and pulling her in to his body . 
 the pleasure of her bare flesh against his was intoxicating . 
 she shuddered in his arms as their lips met . 
 he deepened the kiss and her body began to relax against his . 
 `` there is some unfinished business between us , '' he said , pulling himself away from her lips . 
 his hand ran down her body . 
 her skin was soft . 
 he found himself lingering on her curves . 
 zoe did n't say anything in response , but her lips were parted as if she wanted to speak . 
 paris could n't suffer the moment away from her lips long enough to let her . 
 his hand crept down her stomach , taught and lightly toned , curling under the elastic of the simple white underwear she wore . 
 he felt himself harden considerably in anticipation of removing them . 
 he had wanted to do this for so long , had spent what seemed like a century 's worth of nights dreaming about having her in the bed next to him , trying to deny his feelings for her . 
 now she was so willfully compliant and he had to hold himself back , or he was afraid he would hurt her . 
 his fingers invaded her panties , and she began to tense . 
 he broke away from the kiss . 
 `` you 're already so wet , '' he said in a mumble , unable to keep the prideful smirk from his face . 
 she tried to hide her red tinted cheeks in his chest , but he would n't have it . 
 he wanted to see every reaction that flashed on her beautiful face . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said , shaking her head and looking away from him . 
 he pulled back , confused at the sudden shift in her aura . 
 she was no longer enjoying herself . 
 he sat up a little straighter , hovering over her to get her to look back at him . 
 `` do not be ashamed , '' he said , confused as to what shifted her mood so quickly . 
 paris was not a demon to brag , but he had never had a dissatisfied female . 
 `` zoe , '' he said , when she refused to respond . 
 she was stuck , still as a stone in his arms . 
 the arousal was completely gone from her aura . 
 paris , for once in his life was at a struggle to ask the question he needed to know the answer to . 
 `` what is the matter ? '' 
 paris asked . 
 his eyes searched her body for any sign of injury . 
 he pushed back his desires . 
 he had only just begun with her , and it was already over . 
 `` i just ... '' he could see her struggling with the words she wanted to say . 
 he sat back , giving her some time to think of her next words . 
 `` i have n't had the best experience with men , is all , '' she said finally . 
 paris wanted nothing more than to change all of that . 
 and he knew he could . 
 but the moment had passed . 
 he was n't sure if he would ever get the chance again . 
 `` we should sleep now , '' he said , laying back on the bed and closing his eyes . 
 he waited to fall asleep until he heard zoe 's rapid pulse calm and he knew slumber had finally taken her . 
 chapter nineteen zoe came out of the bathroom , rubbing her hair dry with a plush terry bath towel . 
 it felt good to finally have a real shower . 
 she found paris sitting on the edge of his bed . 
 he had made it while she was enjoying her shower . 
 `` i have to go , '' he said , looking entirely human . 
 `` for how long ? '' 
 zoe asked . 
 her stomach churned every time she glanced into his eyes . 
 the night before had been in her thoughts all morning . 
 she did n't know how to tell him the way he made her feel , and more importantly she did n't know what she should do with those feelings . 
 `` through the day and most of the night , '' paris said , standing . 
 he was dressed in his usual finery , a three-piece suit with a well pressed , button down white shirt . 
 his tie was bold but understated , and he had simple gold cuff links that barely peaked out of his jacket cuffs . 
 there were so many things zoe wanted to say to him , things she wanted to tell him about her . 
 but she could n't get up the nerve to voice them . 
 she did n't know if he truly even cared , or if this was all just a game to him . 
 he was too hard to read . 
 he walked passed her , out of the bedroom and towards the front door of his apartment without another word . 
 she followed after him , her mind trying to think of something to say , something to keep him there for just a moment longer . 
 `` by the way , '' he said , stopping suddenly and turning to check his tie in the mirror . 
 he pointed to the other side of the room . 
 `` i believe you will find something to entertain you in there . '' 
 no sooner than he had finished speaking , he disappeared . 
 zoe looked in the direction he had pointed , finding a door she did n't remember seeing the day before . 
 she hesitated for a moment , unsure of what she might find behind that door . 
 the events of the night before once again lurched forward in her mind . 
 she wanted to cringe . 
 he had stopped so suddenly . 
 it was her fault . 
 and the worst of it was that she did n't want him to stop , but she just could n't tell him that . 
 zoe had never given the life she left behind a second thought . 
 she had escaped it , and that was all she needed to know . 
 at least that 's what she thought before she met paris . 
 she was so close to telling him . 
 the words were on the cusp of spilling from her lips when he seemed to lose all interest . 
 zoe shook the thoughts out of her head . 
 the past was the past , and this door was right in front of her with an entire day of nothing else to do . 
 she turned the doorknob and pulled it open , walking into the room , her heart soaring when her eyes landed on its contents . 
 she walked slowly through the room , her eyes rushing to take in the row upon row of bookshelves that lined the walls of the room . 
 he had them arranged by categories , with an etched silver plaque on each shelf to indicate what was where . 
 she noticed that he had utilized his very own dewey decimal system , and each book was individually etched with a number to indicate its place on the shelf . 
 all the classics were there , as well as many current bestselling books . 
 there were books in every category of non-fiction imaginable , all meticulously arranged on rows of bookshelves that lined the center of the room . 
 she walked through the space , marveling at the sheer number of books , wondering how many of them he had read . 
 his private collection would rival most libraries zoe had been to . 
 even though it was a room full of books , it still did n't feel inviting to zoe . 
 it was as sterile and as devoid of any warmth as the rest of his apartment . 
 in the middle of the room sat a reading table , with a single chair , and a lamp on it . 
 a book was prominently displayed on the table , encased in glass with a small golden lock on the lid , holding it closed securely . 
 the cover was well-worn black leather , with gold embossed letters on the front that read ` the contract ' . 
 zoe knew exactly what it was . 
 the pages called to her , from beyond its glass cage , asking her to turn them . 
 there were thousands of books in his library . 
 many of them were ones that zoe wanted to read . 
 but not another thought went to them as she picked up the small brass lamp . 
 she smashed through the glass and pried the heavy tome free . 
 it felt warm in her hands , as if it had a life of its own . 
 her fingers ran over the title on the front cover . 
 her fingers felt at the edge of the pages . 
 this was not a book she , or any human , was ever meant to read . 
 zoe flipped open the top cover , sat down at the desk , and began to devour every single inked word on the yellowed pages . 
 chapter twenty it was a typical royal party . 
 the kind that paris always wanted to avoid . 
 the nobility of his kind shuffled about , talking amongst themselves , bragging on their latest conquests . 
 salem clung to his arm like a hideous leech , leading him around and presenting him as a trophy to the members of the royal court . 
 `` well , '' jackson said , as they came around to him . 
 `` look at the happy couple . '' 
 jackson was standing next to athena . 
 she flashed paris a look , her fire red eyes dancing . 
 they stole a moment of understanding , before avoiding each other 's gaze lest they give away their plan . 
 `` thank you , '' salem said with a happy chirp when her eyes landed on jackson . 
 `` perhaps when my mate is grand elder , he will make you a lord . '' 
 `` if his future highness would oblige me such a thing , '' jackson said , giving paris a nod , a wry smirk on his lips that unsettled him , `` i would be a most honored demon . '' 
 something in his tone walked the line between mocking and seriousness . 
 his eyes lingered on paris as if he wanted to say something else . 
 `` i hate to be a wet blanket , '' athena said , her eyes shifting onto salem with ferocity , `` but lord paris is not your mate just yet . '' 
 salem 's face fell , and paris could see her cheeks turn bright red as she tried to maintain her composure . 
 the two demonesses were often at odds . 
 athena was not born into the royal court . 
 she had earned her way into royalty . 
 not through a marriage , or familial connection , but through her own hard work , talent , and merit . 
 some in the court , such as salem , would never accept her , but she was not a demoness to be taken lightly , even for the grand elder 's daughter . 
 one of the council members usually stepped in to put an end to the squabbling before things got too out of hand . 
 but tonight they would n't . 
 paris had made sure of that . 
 he wanted to be the next grand elder as much as any demon , but things would n't work out that way . 
 not after what he had done with zoe . 
 he could only hope he could keep that matter quiet until he could hide any evidence of their contract . 
 `` oh darling , '' athena said with condescension in her voice . 
 she adjusted the white elbow length gloves that accented her red evening gown perfectly . 
 `` you do n't want to lose a fight with me on your mating night . '' 
 she added an extra layer of cynicism to the last words . 
 the short chuckle that followed served to further infuriate salem . 
 her nose scrunched and she began to fume . 
 she was trying to think of something to say , but her anger was clouding her . 
 paris had seen this escalation a thousand times . 
 he was , for once , thankful for her predictability . 
 she was close to rage , as they had planned . 
 athena only needed to push her a little further . 
 `` do n't you dare challenge my mating , '' salem said , letting her aura spread a little , fighting against athena 's as she prepared for an all out attack . 
 `` now , now , you two , '' jackson said , stepping between the two and grabbing salem by the hands to get her attention . 
 `` tonight is not the night for such petty arguments . 
 just forget about her . 
 you look beautiful . '' 
 paris wanted to scream at jackson . 
 he wanted to punch him in the face , but he settled on staring daggers at him , hoping he would look at paris and get the message . 
 salem 's anger began to wane . 
 she let out a heavy puff and then forced a smile at jackson . 
 paris and athena shared a worried glance . 
 `` that 's right , '' salem said , calming down with jackson 's influence . 
 `` let 's talk about your mate 's newest conquests , '' jackson said , his words spoken deliberately as he shifted his eyes onto paris . 
 `` paris has had a busy week , has n't he ? '' 
 `` oh , that 's right , '' salem said , her shit brown eyes twinkling with excitement . 
 `` stupid little human got herself bound to him . '' 
 `` i saw that noted on the contract , '' jackson said , `` very lucrative for him . '' 
 `` well , '' salem said , coifing up her hair , `` she is a rather unique human , i will admit . 
 and she 's young . 
 he can get quite a few years out of her . 
 perhaps i will have him put her to work on the streets , where she belongs . '' 
 paris straightened his shoulders and tried not to look too uncomfortable with the conversation . 
 he could feel athena 's eyes on him , demanding that he look at her , give her some sort of explanation . 
 there was a very good reason he had left zoe out of their conversation the night before when he asked athena to intervene in the mating ceremony . 
 it was easy enough for paris to convince her to invoke her right to challenge salem to mate him . 
 he knew athena always had a covetous eye on him , most of the royal court did . 
 if he told her there were complications that included a human girl , she would n't have been so anxious to fight against salem . 
 `` why , '' jackson said , turning to paris , his intent obvious in the smile on his face , `` would n't it be fun to bring her here ? 
 we could spice this party up . '' 
 `` that is a good idea , '' salem said , her thick shoulders perking up with the tone of her voice . 
 paris could do nothing but watch as a train wreck began to unfurl around him . 
 `` i want you to go get her , '' salem said , turning to look at paris . 
 she dropped jackson 's hands and stomped into his face . 
 he looked down at her and wanted to hurl . 
 he could n't bring zoe here . 
 she would never get out alive . 
 and he likely would n't either . 
 `` my dear , '' paris said , flashing his best smile as he tried to suppress his rage at jackson , `` i do n't think that would be wise . 
 this place is not meant for hu -- `` `` i do n't care , '' salem said , interrupting him `` bring her here . 
 i 'm going to check on father . 
 i want her here when i come back . '' 
 salem did n't allow paris to make any further argument as she disappeared from the royal meeting hall . 
 he had to comply . 
 she held a higher title than him , at least for the time being . 
 he had to give her what she wanted , even if it was unprecedented and ill advised . 
 `` i told you , '' jackson said , leaning into paris so only he could hear , `` not to let this human interfere with our business . '' 
 `` she has not , '' paris said , barely able to keep himself from shaking . 
 his jaw was clenched tightly as he spoke . 
 his eyes burned into jackson 's . 
 `` not one contract , paris , '' jackson said , ignoring the threat emanating from paris . 
 `` not one . 
 all week . '' 
 `` this is none of your concern , '' paris said , struggling to keep his voice low . 
 the last thing he needed was for the rest of the royal court to get their nosey ears involved in this conversation . 
 `` but i 'm afraid it is , '' jackson said . 
 `` now try to look happy , this is your mating party . '' 
 paris could see it in jackson 's eyes . 
 he knew everything . 
 it was n't like paris to be so careless , but zoe had him too consumed to think about anything else . 
 he was taking risks that were so unlike him and now he would have to pay for them . 
 jackson was right about one thing . 
 zoe had affected him . 
 `` you do n't know what you have done , '' paris said , forcing his temper under control . 
 `` oh , i think i do , '' jackson said , turning away from paris . 
 `` you 'll thank me for this one day . '' 
 chapter twenty one `` this is a very informative book , '' zoe said , a smirk on her face , as she looked up at paris . 
 she found a puzzled stare looking back at her . 
 `` you are able to read from those pages ? '' 
 paris asked , his brows heavily furrowed . 
 his question was firm , but still held kindness that zoe could tell he was trying very hard to maintain . 
 `` of course i can , '' zoe said , with a shrug as she looked back down at the words on the page . 
 `` why would n't i ? '' 
 `` much like your contract , '' paris said , `` it is warded for only privileged eyes to see . '' 
 paris reached down and took the book from her hands , closing it and setting it on the little table in his personal library . 
 he hid his feelings well , but zoe could see trouble behind his eyes . 
 `` i was n't expecting you back so soon , '' she said , worry seizing her . 
 `` she is demanding your presence , '' paris said . 
 `` who ? '' 
 zoe asked . 
 paris continued to wear a blank expression , his eyes shifted downward . 
 zoe knew who he was talking about , he did n't want to say her name any more than zoe wanted to hear it . 
 `` you 're in trouble , '' zoe said , `` because of me . '' 
 paris ' eyes flicked to the book . 
 there were so many things zoe had n't known before . 
 in just the span of a couple hours she had learned so much about the rules and laws that bound paris and all of his kind . 
 she was painfully aware that what they had been doing was forbidden . 
 `` i am in trouble because of myself , '' paris said . 
 he turned away from her and began to leave the library . 
 `` i think i can help , '' zoe said , getting up to follow him out . 
 `` no , '' he said , his voice sharp and echoing around the books as he stopped and turned to look at her . 
 `` i will think of a way to fix this . 
 it is best if you forget everything you have just read . '' 
 `` yeah , '' zoe said , a short laugh catching in her throat . 
 `` like that 's going to happen . '' 
 `` this is not a game , '' paris said , his anger barely contained . 
 his voice shook through zoe . 
 she was stunned to silence . 
 his shoulders were squared to her , his fists clenched . 
 she opened her mouth to say something but he would n't let her . 
 `` they will hunt us both down , '' paris said , his words were spoken with less ferocity but they carried the same weight . 
 again she tried to open her mouth to speak , her eyes beginning to sting at his harshness , but paris moved faster than her eyes could follow . 
 he stood over her with his eyes narrowed down at her , their bodies almost touching . 
 she could feel the soft warmth of his breath ghosting over her lips . 
 he was so close . 
 zoe shuddered . 
 `` do not underestimate the brutality of my kind , '' he said , his words spoken chillingly casual . 
 `` i 'm afraid i have been far too kind to you . '' 
 he stepped back , and zoe felt like melting into a shivering puddle on the floor . 
 she suddenly became very aware of every cell in her body and how it tingled in fear and desire at the proximity of paris . 
 her mouth was so dry . 
 she tried to swallow but her tongue sat thickly in her mouth . 
 the trouble she was in suddenly hit her full force and it took everything she had to keep herself standing upright . 
 `` what do i do ? '' 
 zoe said , her words shaky as she tried to muster up her courage . 
 `` this will not be easy , '' paris said , after a pause . 
 his words were reluctant . 
 `` i never said i thought that , '' zoe said , straightening her shoulders . 
 she knew she would be going into a world populated by demons , all of them as intense as paris . 
 no , this would certainly not be easy . 
 but she would do it . 
 `` you 're going to need to change , '' paris said , as he looked her up and down . 
 `` change ? '' 
 zoe said , her eyebrows scrunching together . 
 `` into what ? '' 
 `` there is a dress in the bedroom . 
 i believe it will fit you , '' paris said zoe 's cheeks burned red hot as his eyes roamed her curves , devouring every dip and swell . 
 he pulled in his bottom lip , biting it lightly . 
 she thought for sure she was going to faint . 
 she took a deep breath , pushing away the tingle that instantly burned , deep in her stomach . 
 `` i 'll go try it on , '' zoe said , unable to look at him any longer . 
 `` but please stop looking at me like that . '' 
 # the breath stuck in paris ' throat as zoe emerged from the bedroom , holding the front of the strapless gown to her body . 
 it fit her even better than he had imagined , and he could n't stop his desire from rising . 
 the deep blue color of the satin fabric played perfectly off the color of her skin and accented her curves as it hugged its way down her body . 
 a slit in one side made it easy for her to walk and stopped just above her knee . 
 she was stunning . 
 `` i ca n't reach the zipper , '' she said softly as she pointed over her shoulder . 
 `` come here , '' he said . 
 she complied , shuffling awkwardly over to him . 
 the dress dipped lower in the back and as she brushed her hair aside with her free hand , paris got a full view of her back . 
 he had never been so aroused by such a simple display of flesh . 
 he wanted to wrap his hands around her hips and pull her closer , delay their return to the party for a little longer , but he knew he could n't do that . 
 he willed his fingers to zip the dress and do nothing else . 
 `` paris , '' she said , a question in her eyes as she turned her head to look back at him for an answer . 
 he waited for her to speak , but no question followed . 
 there was no way he could sufficiently prepare her for this . 
 demon society was difficult for even paris to navigate . 
 one slip up and they would eat her alive . 
 they were ruthless , cunning , and had centuries of experience . 
 `` just keep quiet and do as you are told , '' paris said . 
 he placed his hands on her shoulders , the heat of her skin nearly burning his fingertips . 
 `` with some luck , we may both survive this . '' 
 chapter twenty two `` what do you make of this situation ? '' 
 athena said , saddling up to jackson . 
 if anyone knew what paris was thinking , it would be him . 
 she could never understand why paris kept him around . 
 athena had a gift of sensing character , and he had always rubbed her the wrong way . 
 `` we should have some entertainment for the evening , '' jackson said with a prideful smirk . 
 `` you 're up to something , '' athena said , getting right to the point . 
 `` and it would be wise to stop now . '' 
 `` i do n't know what you are talking about , my dear athena , '' jackson said , his eyes shifting momentarily to the hunter demons that stood on one end of the meeting hall . 
 athena knew what he was trying to tell her . 
 any time the hunters were involved , it meant a grave treason had been committed . 
 `` what did you do this time ? '' 
 athena said , her voice lowered but still sharp with disapproval . 
 paris was once again covering jackson 's ass . 
 it happened at least once in a century . 
 `` not me , '' jackson said . 
 he shrugged , his brows arched high on his forehead . 
 athena could see him struggling to hide a smile . 
 she was even more off put than usual by the self-satisfaction radiating from him . 
 when paris came to her the day before , proposing a deal , she did n't question it very much . 
 she had quietly wanted paris for the better part of a century , but had assumed he would not be mating anytime soon . 
 demon mating rituals were a complicated and highly regarded process . 
 it could be challenged at any point in time by a rival mate , and proven by the physical prowess of victory in a fight . 
 even the grand elder was forced to uphold the decision made by their combat . 
 athena had been itching to be rid of salem for ages , and paris was the most eligible bachelor in the court . 
 she could legally kill salem and mate paris , all in one night . 
 but now , there were complications . 
 `` come with me , '' athena said , grabbing onto jackson 's shoulder before he could stop her . 
 no sooner than she had said the words , they disappeared from the meeting hall . 
 jackson pulled away , but it was too late for him . 
 he could not escape from her , no matter how hard he tried . 
 athena 's magic was old , and it was strong . 
 `` there is a barrier , '' she said , `` so do n't even try to run . '' 
 `` i was n't planning to , '' jackson said with a sneer as he straightened his clothes a little . 
 he was such a child , and athena hated him more in that moment than she ever had . 
 `` tell me what has happened , '' athena said . 
 `` it would appear our dear paris has acquired a taste for human . 
 and not in the dietary sense , '' jackson said , regaining his confidence . 
 athena did n't know what to say . 
 she did n't know what to think . 
 her mind was working overtime , trying to reconcile this information . 
 was it true ? 
 or was jackson just making a fuss about nothing , trying to pull one over on her ? 
 `` she really is something special , i 'll give him that , '' jackson said in the silence of her shock . 
 `` wait until you feel her aura . 
 like nothing i 've ever felt . '' 
 `` i do n't believe you , '' athena said finally regaining her voice . 
 it was a ridiculous accusation . 
 paris of all demons was above such heinous crimes . 
 she just could n't believe it . 
 `` why do n't you see for yourself ? '' 
 jackson said . 
 `` i 'm sure paris will have returned with her by now . '' 
 if jackson was right , the implications of this were enormous . 
 if she had known what paris was doing , she would have turned him away as soon as he showed up on her doorstep . 
 or better , she would have turned him over to the hunters . 
 just knowing this information now , and not reporting it would make her an accomplice . 
 he held out his hand expectantly to her . 
 it was time to get back to the party . 
 any longer and their absence would be questioned . 
 athena took his hand and in an instant they were back in the meeting hall . 
 athena felt it immediately . 
 the aura was indeed something special . 
 there was such innocence , but it was marred by a hidden pain and tinted heavily with power the likes of which athena was very familiar with . 
 there , in the middle of a room full of demons , was the human , and she instantly knew that jackson 's accusations were correct . 
 she had to speak with paris immediately . 
 this was no ordinary human . 
 athena had crossed her kind when she was a young , rouge demoness . 
 it had been many centuries , but she would never forget the feeling of that particular kind of aura . 
 athena knew she had to get this human out of here as quickly and as quietly as possible . 
 chapter twenty three the room was incredible . 
 it was longer than it was wide , with ceilings that hung far above . 
 mirrors lined the walls , creating the illusion that the room went on forever . 
 massive chandeliers of sparkling crystal dangled above the sea of demons , all staring curiously back at zoe . 
 every one of them was draped in rich fabric and jewels that only served to make her feel even more uncomfortable and out of place . 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 she asked , her eyes shifted up to paris . 
 her heart was pounding against her ribcage , drowning out most of the sounds in the room . 
 she tried to focus on paris , hoping he would not abandon her . 
 `` the palace of the grand elder , '' paris said , his eyes had taken on a chilly edge that made zoe feel so alone . 
 `` you should feel honored , human , '' a familiar southern drawl called out to zoe . 
 she turned around to see the blonde haired demon she had met once before . 
 `` i do n't believe we have been properly introduced , '' the demon said , holding out his manicured hand for her to grab . 
 `` zoe , is it ? '' 
 his demeanor had shifted . 
 she could see something gleaming behind his eyes , a quiet anger , or maybe something else . 
 zoe just stared at his hand , unable to return the gesture . 
 she was almost afraid that if she took his hand he would transform into a snake and bite her . 
 `` you seem to have spurred quite the interest , '' a red haired demoness said , appearing beside jackson , and interrupting the growing tension . 
 her burning red eyes shifted intently on paris . 
 zoe got the distinct feeling that there was a secret being passed between them . 
 there was something being left unsaid , a message for paris , in the demoness ' eyes . 
 she could n't help the jealousy from rising in her throat . 
 she quickly suppressed it . 
 it was a silly feeling anyway . 
 `` athena , '' paris said , not backing away from the challenge in her eyes , `` is there something you wish to say ? '' 
 zoe could sense the familiarity between them . 
 it made her stomach churn uneasily . 
 the demoness was so beautiful and refined . 
 she was everything zoe was n't , and everything a demon like paris would want . 
 her chest tightened . 
 she could never compete with that . 
 `` not at the moment , '' athena said , her stare breaking into a casual playfulness and a smirk growing on her perfectly painted lips . 
 a moment of silent stares passed between the three demons . 
 zoe was beginning to get her heart rate under control . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 paris said , glancing around the room . 
 his eyes narrowed and his jaw tensed . 
 zoe knew who he was talking about . 
 `` with her father , '' jackson said . 
 `` the grand elder has taken slightly ill . 
 he 's having a rest until the ceremony . '' 
 paris stared back at jackson . 
 his face was blank , and zoe just could n't make out the silent struggle that seemed to be playing out around her . 
 she could see now that there was so much paris had n't told her , so much she did n't understand . 
 once again , she had gotten herself into something she could n't handle . 
 `` you did not mention how pretty this one was , '' athena said . 
 she began to run her fingers through the ends of zoe 's hair . 
 `` i did not think it was noteworthy , '' paris said , and zoe could see the unspoken fight going on between the two demons . 
 his words felt especially cold , and zoe began to question everything that had happened , everything he had said . 
 the way he so easily dismissed her was surprisingly painful . 
 she looked around herself , at the room full of demons , and realized that he may have been just screwing with her this entire time . 
 `` of course you did n't , '' athena said , as the tips of her claws danced down the exposed flesh of zoe 's back , perking up goose bumps in their wake . 
 zoe could swear she saw a hint of jealousy in athena 's stare . 
 `` they are inferior creatures , '' paris said . 
 he looked directly at her , his eyes flat and emotionless . 
 she could feel the heat of her blood rushing to her head . 
 her throat choked over and she felt a sting behind her eyes . 
 she could n't tell if he meant what he said , or if he was just trying not to get caught . 
 she pulled herself together with a thick swallow and a deep breath . 
 `` i suppose they can be fun , '' jackson said , chiming in on the taunting conversation . 
 zoe felt like a mouse in a circle of well-fed cats . 
 they were just toying with her , making her squirm . 
 she straightened her back and squared her shoulders . 
 she was n't going to let them get the better of her . 
 the air became thicker . 
 every demon stood still as stone and looked toward the far side of the room . 
 zoe could feel something coming . 
 it was a massive presence like she had never felt before in all her life . 
 she could n't see anyone , but she knew someone was there . 
 a demon materialized , a smile on his slender face and a twinkle in his cobalt blue eyes . 
 he carried wrinkles in all the most distinguished places , and a full beard that was trimmed neatly around his chin . 
 his hair was peppered with gray but it was full and slicked back . 
 his attire was of an age long since past , as if he had stepped out of a history book . 
 his eyes landed directly on zoe . 
 his gaze put her in a stranglehold and she had to fight to breathe . 
 `` who is that ? '' 
 zoe asked in a whisper , looking up to paris . 
 he did n't respond . 
 he simply slid his eyes on her with a condescending glance before looking away as if she did n't matter at all . 
 `` that , '' athena said , putting her hand in the small of zoe 's back and pulling her closer , `` is lord mateo . '' 
 zoe hoped paris would give her some sort of reassurance , some kind of sign that he was still on her side . 
 his eyes remained turned away from her , his face as stoic as ever . 
 there was no sign , no reassurance . 
 there was nothing but cold indifference . 
 she was entirely on her own . 
 chapter twenty four paris wanted more than anything to tell zoe that everything would be ok . 
 he wanted to protect her and keep her from the vicious world of the royal court . 
 but he could n't do that . 
 he could n't bring any further suspicion upon himself . 
 jackson and athena already knew . 
 he would be able bribe them to keep quiet , if he could just get through this night . 
 but now mateo was here , and his attention sat squarely on zoe . 
 he was a curious old bastard and he was n't supposed to be here . 
 mateo began a casual stroll through the room of courtiers that skittered out of his way as he passed them . 
 his eyes did n't move from zoe . 
 he had a side smile of his face that made paris very uncomfortable . 
 `` what do we have here ? '' 
 he said , his voice almost musical . 
 paris fought to hide the fear and anger from his aura . 
 mateo was staring at zoe as if he expected her to answer his question . 
 no one else spoke . 
 no one else moved . 
 paris knew better than to speak to mateo without being spoken to . 
 he wanted to tell zoe to answer , to try and relax . 
 but he could not . 
 he could only hope that she would not do anything to upset the demon . 
 a moment passed , followed by another . 
 `` i ... i 'm zoe , '' she finally spoke , her words interrupted by a heavy swallow . 
 mateo tilted his head , as if looking at her with curiosity , and paris felt his heart skip a single beat . 
 mateo 's eyes snapped to paris and he knew that the council lord had heard it . 
 `` is she yours ? '' 
 he asked , his eyes boring into paris . 
 `` yes , my lord , '' paris said , his voice strong . 
 there was nothing more paris could do or say , except hope that mateo would not delve too deeply into the peculiarity . 
 he could feel zoe shifting uncomfortably beside him , he could hear her heart racing and her lungs struggling to breath . 
 `` her blood smells ... so unique , '' mateo said , lifting his nose into the air and inhaling deeply , `` ... spicy . '' 
 paris could do nothing but nod in agreement . 
 he knew zoe would cause a bit of a stir , being brought into this place . 
 just the fact that she was a human in this place was novel . 
 but together with her very nature , her inexplicable differences , she would draw a great deal of attention . 
 mateo gave a short grunting laugh and slapped a hand on paris ' shoulder . 
 `` congratulations . 
 it looks like you live up to your reputation , boy , '' mateo said , his eyes twinkling strangely as he stared back at paris . 
 the courtiers that looked on in anticipation took a sigh of relief and went back to their casual mingling . 
 but paris knew better . 
 mateo 's words were congratulatory , but his stare was condemning . 
 `` you wish to speak ? '' 
 mateo said , raising an eyebrow . 
 paris did n't need to let on what he was thinking ; mateo could read it in his aura . 
 paris did n't have the power to cloak it from him . 
 `` you are not supposed to be here , '' paris said simply . 
 gasps filled his ears . 
 mateo 's smirk broadened into a smile . 
 his eyes had a strange gleam as he looked back at paris for a tense moment . 
 `` i believe you need a council lord to preside over the mating ceremony , '' mateo said , his voice calm and steady , holding a false undertone of kindness . 
 `` lord riyad has decided to enter a recess . 
 apparently , the grand elder 's decision did n't sit too well with him . 
 i 'm the only council lord available . '' 
 paris had seen this move coming long ago . 
 he had tried to warn riyad , but the old demon was too stubborn to listen . 
 mateo would never allow riyad to become the grand elder , even if it meant giving up the position himself . 
 `` come , lord paris . 
 i wish to have a private chat with you , '' mateo said . 
 he put an arm around paris and began to lead him away . 
 paris could feel zoe 's eyes on him . 
 he could smell the fear and uncertainty in her aura . 
 she would never survive here alone . 
 but he had no choice . 
 he could not refuse mateo . 
 `` my lord , '' paris said , taking a risk to speak up in objection . 
 `` this human is quite troublesome . 
 allow me to return her . 
 it is not appropriate for her to be here unsupervised . '' 
 `` i understand your concern , '' mateo said , considering the situation for a moment . 
 paris thought , hoped , for just a moment , that he was going to agree ; that paris would be able to return zoe to relative safety without any further suspicion . 
 `` i would be more than happy to watch the human while you are away , '' athena said , a smile crossing her lips as she bowed slightly to mateo . 
 `` then it is settled , '' mateo said . 
 `` worry not about the human , and join me in my private office . '' 
 there was nothing paris could do . 
 he had to acquiesce . 
 he could not say no to a council lord . 
 the request was an order that most demons would happily follow . 
 but just when paris thought the situation could n't possibly get worse , he felt it . 
 `` i apologize , my lord , '' paris said , `` but i must attend to some other business . '' 
 `` a call ? '' 
 mateo asked , to which paris nodded . 
 `` always business . 
 i like that . '' 
 mateo patted paris again on the shoulders and began to walk away . 
 `` go , '' he said , waving over his shoulder . 
 `` take care of your business . 
 we will speak upon your return . '' 
 paris wanted to turn around and look at zoe . 
 he wanted to reassure her , to let her know that he would be back as soon as he could . 
 but he could n't do that . 
 the only thing he could do was disappear , answering the call that bound every one of his kind . 
 chapter twenty five `` do n't look so scared , '' athena said , looking down her pale , slender nose at zoe . 
 `` he 'll be back before too long . '' 
 there was something more behind her words that zoe could n't place . 
 it was n't a taunt , though the demoness said it with a flourish of attitude that would make most believe it was . 
 the other demons that filled the room pretended not to watch , but zoe could feel their eyes on her . 
 sneaking a peak when they thought she was n't looking . 
 she ran a hand through her hair , running her fingertips through the ends a couple of extra times . 
 she had to figure a way out of all this . 
 she knew their strengths and weaknesses . 
 she had just spent hours reading of their ways . 
 she had learned more about demons than she thought she ever wanted to know , but she was so scared that her mind could n't think . 
 she could see the fire-headed demoness looking thoughtfully at her , and she willed herself to be strong . 
 `` i 'm not scared , '' zoe said with as much conviction as she could muster , `` and i do n't care if he comes back . '' 
 `` you should n't speak ill of your master , human , '' jackson said , his voice playful but his eyes dark . 
 the temperature in the room rose quickly . 
 zoe could see a challenge in his eyes , as if he was trying to bait her . 
 she narrowed her eyes on him , her lips parting as her mind prepared a rebuttal . 
 `` stop trying to stir up trouble , '' athena said , sharply cutting her off before she had a chance to utter a word . 
 `` paris was n't kidding when he said you were troublesome , '' she said , her eyes moving to zoe . 
 `` perhaps we should do something about that . '' 
 before zoe could react , athena had her arm around her , and she felt the sudden nauseating pull that accompanied moving with a demon . 
 when her senses cleared , they were in a small room , alone . 
 it was simply furnished , with an old world feel that reminded zoe of european pictures she had seen somewhere . 
 zoe took a step away from the demoness . 
 her mind told her to run , but there was a kindness behind her red eyes that calmed zoe 's racing heart . 
 `` relax , '' athena said , `` this room is warded . 
 no one can find it without me . '' 
 `` that does n't make me relax , '' zoe said , straining to keep her eyes from blinking . 
 she knew the demoness could move the distance between them in the time it took to blink . 
 athena laughed at her . 
 `` i can see why he likes you , '' she said . 
 her smile was so beautiful and zoe found it hard not to study every perfectly carved feature . 
 the meaning of her words took a moment to sink in . 
 zoe felt the blood drain from her face . 
 the demoness knew , about paris and her , about everything maybe . 
 `` please , '' athena said , gesturing to a well worn couch in a corner of the room , `` sit . '' 
 `` i 'm guessing i do n't have a choice , '' zoe said , forcing her every sense on guard . 
 she realized her fists were clenched and she opened them . 
 `` of course you do , '' athena said . 
 she sat in a chair opposite the couch , crossing her legs as she adjusted her gown . 
 `` i 'm not going to harm you . 
 i do n't believe my mate-to-be would appreciate that very much . '' 
 `` mate ? '' 
 zoe asked , the fear for her own safety shifting to fear of what she meant . 
 `` i must admit , '' athena said , with a smirk . 
 `` i was surprised when paris asked me to challenge the mating with salem . '' 
 `` he asked you to mate him ? '' 
 zoe asked , her face crestfallen as she sat down on the couch . 
 her mind worked over the meaning . 
 he must have been planning this all along . 
 her heart lodged itself in her throat and she tried to dislodge it with a hard swallow . 
 `` last night , in fact , '' athena said . 
 `` i figured it was just because he did n't want to end up with salem . '' 
 `` understandable , of course . 
 even if the reward is the title of grand elder , '' athena leaned forward and opened a small black box on the table in front of her . 
 she pulled out a hand rolled cigarette , long and skinny , and brought it to her lips . 
 she paused as she considered zoe `` but then i find you . '' 
 she lit the cigarette and took a long draw , letting the moment settle . 
 she blew the smoke into the air slowly , watching as it rolled out in a thick plume before turning her eyes back to zoe . 
 `` i do n't know what you want , '' zoe said , with a shake of her head . 
 her shoulders slumped , as if she had been defeated . 
 she had known better than to feel the things she had for paris ; had known that it would only end badly for her . 
 now every illusion of happiness she had dreamed up came crashing down on her . 
 `` of course not , '' athena said , with a mocking smile . 
 she did n't say anything more , but she stood and walked slowly across the room , to a vanity table with a chair and a mirror hanging above it . 
 she pulled something out of the drawer and walked back over to zoe . 
 `` stay still , '' athena said , standing over zoe with a hand on her perfectly curved hip . 
 `` you have such a beautiful neckline , we should show it off . '' 
 the demoness pulled up all of her hair in a single swipe and twisted it up into a bun , securing it with the device she had retrieved from the drawer . 
 it only took her a moment to finish the task and when she was done , she returned to the chair just across from zoe . 
 she scarcely had time to adjust to the hairstyle . 
 `` i do n't really care what 's going on between you two , '' athena said , `` but it would be in everyone 's best interest if this little secret stayed between us . '' 
 chapter twenty six `` i suggest you make this quick , '' paris said . 
 the call had come from one of his oldest clients , one of the few that had seen paris in his natural form . 
 `` i want more years , '' the man said sheepishly . 
 he was a short , fat man , with pudgy cheeks and lips that protruded a little too much . 
 his dark brown , beady eyes looked desperately up at paris . 
 `` i told you the last time , '' paris said with an agitated sigh , `` that would not be possible anymore . '' 
 `` lord paris , '' the man said , reaching out for paris , `` for a powerful demon such as yourself ... '' `` i am not in the mood , '' paris said , jerking away from the man 's grasp . 
 he adjusted his jacket cuffs and prepared to leave . 
 he could n't be away from zoe any longer than absolutely necessary . 
 he had answered the call , now he could leave . 
 `` my soul , '' the man said . 
 the words stopped paris ' departure , as no doubt the man had intended . 
 `` those are not terms to be thrown around lightly , '' paris said . 
 his mind began a fight within itself . 
 that was not something he could easily walk away from . 
 perhaps it may even help to get jackson off his back . 
 `` and you know i have never been a man to make idle offers , '' the man said , a smile creeping onto his face as paris hesitated . 
 it would require some time to sign the contracts . 
 the more time he spent away from zoe , the more likely she would not be in one piece when he returned . 
 but a soul was a powerful thing to own , even from a degenerate like this human . 
 `` you have already been given three additional human life spans , '' paris said , arguing against the deal . 
 `` those do not come easily . '' 
 `` and i have given you much for them , '' the man said . 
 `` including new clients . '' 
 it was true . 
 this man had been powerful in all three of his lives , and had used his influence many times to further paris ' own agenda . 
 if he turned this deal away , it would only serve to further agitate jackson . 
 `` i want two more , '' the man said , licking at his lips . 
 he wrung his hands as he looked back at paris . 
 `` and then you will have my soul . 
 for all eternity . '' 
 despite popular lore , demons did n't often make deals for a human soul . 
 mostly because humans were generally reluctant to offer them . 
 they were n't quite as stupid as they seemed . 
 but they happened occasionally . 
 and souls were the source of a demon 's true powers . 
 another one was always a good thing . 
 it was too lucrative of a contract to pass up ; even if it did mean leaving zoe alone for a while longer . 
 `` very well , '' paris said . 
 he placed a hand on the man 's shoulder and they were instantly transported . 
 # paris had his true home designed exactly how he liked it , and that did not include a client poking around it . 
 unfortunately , being caught off guard , he was n't properly prepared and he had no choice but to bring the man here to finish the deal . 
 he tried to write the contract as fast as he could , but it took him nearly an hour to finish . 
 `` do not touch that , '' paris said , his voice a cold snap as he saw the man poking at one of the curiosities he had on a shelf . 
 he had collected many artifacts that he favored over the centuries , and he was as protective of them as he was fond of them . 
 `` apologies , '' the man said , throwing his hands in the air . 
 he made himself comfortable in a chair . 
 paris ' apartment served its purpose for business affairs and the like . 
 but all demons kept at least two domiciles . 
 one that was known to all , and one that was kept as secret as possible . 
 the later was warded against prying eyes , and allowed a safe get away from danger . 
 he was opening himself up to risk bringing the client here , but he had no choice . 
 he had to hurry through this so he could return to zoe . 
 bringing back the signed contract would also provide the perfect distraction for jackson . 
 the last word on the very long and complicated scroll of their contract glowed lightly as it was burned onto the page . 
 paris put his pen down and slid the contract over to the man . 
 `` sign it , '' paris said , looking impatiently at the man . 
 much to his dismay , the client began to read over it . 
 `` i do n't have time for you to read it , '' paris said . 
 `` just sign the contract . 
 i have more important affairs to deal with . '' 
 `` more important than a soul ? '' 
 the man said , his brows rising . 
 `` vastly more important , '' paris said . 
 his jaw tensed in irritation . 
 `` i believe it is my right to review this contract before i sign it , '' the man said , gaining a little of his confidence back , `` and i intend to do just that . '' 
 paris looked at his wristwatch . 
 he could only hope that zoe would be all right until he returned . 
 the only consolation was the fact that he would be slightly more powerful when he did return . 
 chapter twenty seven zoe glanced around the room , hoping to see paris . 
 her heart sank when she failed to find him . 
 she could n't keep her hands still , and found herself fiddling with anything she could , straightening the bottom of her dress unnecessarily . 
 she could n't even say for sure that she wanted paris to return . 
 he had been so cold to her before . 
 a question burned in her mind as she tried to go unnoticed at the party . 
 the courtiers milled about her , with casual interest as one after another they struck up a conversation with athena that would inevitably end with a query on the human . 
 athena was strong , beautiful , and clearly a good match for paris . 
 athena is what paris really wanted . 
 there was just no way zoe could ever compete with her for his true affections . 
 she felt silly for even entertaining the thought . 
 the hushed mumbles of the courtiers began to die out and the room was left in silence . 
 zoe glanced around , trying to see what had suddenly caught everyone 's attention . 
 it was salem , making a grand appearance in a tight fitting dress that beautifully displayed every roll of fat on her body . 
 zoe felt her skin crawling at the sight of her . 
 salem 's eyes landed directly on her , angry and full of hatred , resting there for a moment before leaving to scan the rest of the room . 
 zoe decided then that she was n't afraid of her . 
 rather , she pitied her . 
 she was such a miserable creature . 
 `` where is my mate ? '' 
 salem demanded to the crowd of courtiers as she stomped her way towards zoe . 
 `` paris had some business to take care of , '' athena said , stepping slightly in front of zoe . 
 if she did n't know any better she would have thought athena was protecting her . 
 `` i 'm sure he will return shortly . '' 
 `` he better . 
 father has improved and he will be joining us soon . 
 we can begin the ceremony , '' salem said , calming down slightly . 
 salem cocked her head to look beyond athena , her attention turning squarely on zoe . 
 she stepped passed the red headed demoness and stood before her object of intrigue . 
 `` what are you wearing ? '' 
 salem said , her words followed by a chuckle . 
 had the jab been delivered by just about any other demon in the room , zoe would have felt the stab of it . 
 but coming from salem , it was almost comical . 
 `` i could ask you the same thing , '' zoe said . 
 hushed gasps spread through the room . 
 salem 's eyes grew wide , almost bulging out of her skull . 
 her fat lips were pulled into a thin line . 
 `` you will apologize to me for that slight , '' salem said . 
 she was leaning in so close that zoe could smell the stench of her breath as she spoke . 
 `` no , i wo n't , '' zoe said , leaning away . 
 `` you will show me some respect , human , '' salem said , her words coming out with an angry hiss . 
 zoe could feel the room grow still . 
 the tension was palpable . 
 everyone was waiting to see if she would comply or not . 
 `` i do n't care who you think you are , '' zoe said , shaking her head , `` i 'm not apologizing to you . '' 
 salem reached a meaty arm back as far as her limited range would allow , coming back to smack her square on the jaw with a loud pop . 
 zoe fell to the ground , her hand rising to her rapidly bruising cheek and rubbing at it softly in disbelief . 
 she narrowed her eyes at salem . 
 she 'd had enough of her . 
 zoe shuffled her feet underneath her bottom , pushing herself up off the ground . 
 the dress she wore seriously limited her range and she was afraid her boobs would pop right out of the top at any moment . 
 she brushed her lap off and gave a pointed glare at salem . 
 `` do n't ever touch me again , '' zoe said , the darkness in her voice surprising even herself . 
 the room was so quiet you could hear a mouse cough . 
 `` what did you say to me , human ? '' 
 salem said , the corners of her lips twitching upward . 
 `` you heard me , '' zoe said , standing her ground despite a growing feeling of dread . 
 `` or is there so much fat clogging your ears that you did n't ? '' 
 the room erupted in hushed whispers , and gasps . 
 salem 's lips flopped open as she tried to comprehend the insult . 
 `` i heard you fine , '' salem said , finally recovering , `` i just did n't think a human could sink to the depths of such stupidity . '' 
 `` that 's enough , '' athena cut into the escalating fight . 
 she moved between them again , in an oddly protective gesture . 
 `` the girl 's master is not here to correct her , salem . 
 i 'm sure lord paris will punish her sufficiently when he arrives . '' 
 `` that 's not good enough , '' salem said . 
 she had a snarl on her lips as she looked at zoe with such hatred and malice in her eyes that it made her stomach turn . 
 `` it will have to be , '' athena said , stepping over slightly to put herself between zoe and salem . 
 `` you can not discipline a human that does n't belong to you . '' 
 `` she will be mine soon enough , '' salem said , her voice loud enough to carry through the room . 
 she flexed her claws with a pointed stare at zoe . 
 `` she has to learn respect for me now . 
 would n't you agree , lord mateo ? '' 
 all eyes instinctually turned toward mateo , presiding over the party from a dais at one end of the room . 
 part of zoe wished he would refuse the request . 
 but another part of her was itching for the chance to tear into salem . 
 show them all that she was n't as helpless as they all thought she was . 
 `` if the human continues to be insolent , then so be it , '' mateo said with an indifferent wave . 
 `` now , '' salem said , spitting the words out as if they were bitter to her , `` apologize to me , human . '' 
 `` never , '' zoe said shaking her head . 
 salem stalked a little closer , an evil gleam in her eye . 
 the air in the room was thick . 
 zoe shook off an initial feeling of fright . 
 she would n't allow herself to be afraid of salem . 
 she just was n't worth it . 
 zoe would rather pay with her life than grovel before her . 
 `` you little wretch , '' salem said , her voice rising to a raspy screech . 
 her ugly brown eyes narrowed on zoe . 
 she took another step closer , pushing past athena . 
 for several heartbeats , nothing happened . 
 no one moved . 
 no one spoke . 
 there was hardly a breath taken . 
 salem 's lips pulled tight , her eyes narrowing at zoe as they scanned her . 
 her bushy brows scrunched together . 
 `` why is n't it working ? '' 
 salem said . 
 a few more heartbeats passed , the entire room frozen , as salem concentrated on some unseen task . 
 `` my aura is n't working , '' salem said , looking around the room as if she expected an answer to come back . 
 salem 's eyes looked over zoe , searching desperately for something . 
 she reached out , her fingers clenching tightly around the bulge of zoe 's upper arm . 
 `` what are you using ? '' 
 salem was in near hysteria as she shook zoe . 
 `` a talisman of some kind ? 
 where is it ? '' 
 zoe yanked her arm away , feeling the burning slice of a stray claw cutting into her skin . 
 she could instantly feel the blood begin to trickle down her arm . 
 her hand clamped over the wound . 
 it was only superficial , but zoe could already tell she would need a few stitches . 
 a strange gleam invaded salem 's eyes . 
 a rumble echoed in her chest . 
 the room began to move again . 
 all at once , everything returned to life . 
 zoe could feel the bustling around her , but she tried to ignore it , pushing all her focus on the demoness that was looking dangerously at her . 
 salem threw a punch . 
 it was thrown wide and zoe was able to catch it . 
 her other arm came around and zoe caught that one , locking them arm in arm . 
 they stood eye to eye for a tense moment . 
 zoe drew her head back , using all the force she could muster to slam her forehead against salem 's nose . 
 she hit with a disorienting thump and they both released their grip . 
 zoe barely allowed time to notice the blood trickling down salem 's upper lip . 
 she balled her fist and threw it at salem as hard as she could . 
 it connected with enough force to send her stumbling back . 
 zoe 's hand throbbed . 
 hitting salem 's face felt like hitting the side of a refrigerator . 
 salem recovered quickly , lunging for zoe , hands aiming for her throat . 
 the weight of her body took them both tumbling to the ground . 
 zoe could hear the ripping and rustling of fabric as they fought each other for a moment of dominance . 
 darkness began to cloud her vision as salem 's fingers found their way around her neck . 
 a heavy silence began to hush the noises of their struggles . 
 zoe clawed blindly into the air above her until her blunt nails found flesh . 
 she dug deeply into salem 's eye socket , her hearing returned to a blood curdling howl as salem reared back , clutching at her eye . 
 zoe looked around her quickly . 
 she needed a weapon . 
 her eyes frantically searched for something to fight with , but landed on someone that snapped her right out of the fight . 
 paris was back , and zoe could see the fright hiding deep in his eyes . 
 her heart skipped a beat , rapidly followed by another . 
 chapter twenty eight paris was at a loss . 
 there was nothing he could do but watch as the scene unfolded rapidly before him . 
 he could hear zoe 's heart racing , could smell her fear . 
 she was trying to be strong , but every demon in the room could read how terrified she was . 
 he could n't let this happen . 
 zoe was going to lose . 
 she was going to die , and it was entirely his fault . 
 well , not entirely his fault . 
 her stupidity played a rather large part of it , but paris could have stopped all this a long time ago . 
 he should have stopped it the moment he saw her . 
 he wanted to call out to zoe , to warn her . 
 but he could n't . 
 his voice was stuck in the tight knot that was gripping his chest . . 
 `` you must stop this , lord mateo , '' athena said . 
 her voice carried over the growing grumbles of the crowd as she looked to mateo , sitting on his throne . 
 `` i suppose you are right , '' mateo said . 
 his gaze travelled over to paris , but he made no move or command to stop the fight . 
 paris tried to maintain a steady heartbeat . 
 he knew that mateo was listening for any change in its rhythm . 
 anything that would indicate he felt something for zoe . 
 `` but , '' mateo said finally , `` i want to see how this is going to play out . '' 
 salem lashed out at zoe . 
 even with one less eye , she was able to move quicker than zoe , and caught her just below the hip . 
 paris could smell the blood instantly . 
 his body tensed . 
 the tangy , sweet smell of it floated around the room . 
 it was the most intense thing he had ever smelled and he had to fight his own body not to become aroused . 
 zoe managed to regain herself . 
 the attack left only a flesh wound , but the damage was done , and paris knew she would n't last much longer . 
 if salem did n't kill her soon , she would be mauled by the demons surrounding her . 
 mateo appeared beside him suddenly and his attention became split . 
 `` this is no ordinary human , '' mateo said , looking expectantly at paris . 
 he had n't asked a question , but paris knew he expected an answer . 
 the courtiers close to zoe tensed their auras . 
 salem 's blood lust had already gotten to her and she blindly lashed out , her mind unable to affect a proper blow . 
 soon , the courtiers would follow and there would be a blood bath . 
 death was the only force capable of stopping a demon with a blood lust . 
 it did n't happen very often . 
 in fact , paris could n't remember it happening anytime within the last five centuries or so . 
 now , every demon in the court was beginning to lose their mind with the affliction . 
 `` i do n't know , '' paris said , fighting against the pull of the lust himself . 
 `` i knew she was different , but ... '' paris did n't have time to finish his sentence before salem lashed out again at zoe , catching her again on the shoulder . 
 she tried to parry the blow , but it caught her on the shoulder . 
 another small knick , but it drew out more of the intoxicating blood that was already swirling around the room , afflicting them all . 
 the more it dripped from her body , the more intense the aroma filled their heads . 
 a wind whipped around the room , born from the force of auras clashing . 
 zoe grabbed at her wound . 
 a few stray droplets of blood slipped through her fingers and plopped on the floor . 
 paris felt mateo 's aura flex slightly . 
 even he was affected by the smell of zoe 's blood . 
 some of the lesser demons were not controlled enough to resist their urges any longer . 
 growls erupted through the room as they began to lash out at one another . 
 paris was doing everything he could to keep from losing his mind , but through his haze , he could see zoe . 
 she was fighting for her life with no way for him to save her . 
 salem had her sights set on zoe and she would n't stop until she was dead . 
 somewhere in the room , one demon pushed another . 
 then , from somewhere else , blood was shed . 
 a full rage set in for most the demons in the room . 
 paris was expecting mateo to end the fight at any moment . 
 there was no one else that could put salem down now . 
 but he did n't make a move . 
 his eyes were fixed on paris , as if they were the only ones in the room . 
 paris could n't find the strength to move as a weaker demon began to tear at a demoness next to him . 
 even as her hot blood sprinkled on his cheek , paris still could not muster the force to move his body . 
 `` my lord , '' paris said , his teeth gritting against the urge to feel blood on his claws . 
 `` are you going to stop this ? '' 
 `` i believe the human is doing rather well , '' mateo said . 
 his aura extended , but he appeared otherwise unaffected . 
 `` i want to see what else she can do . '' 
 the more powerful demons that could manage to tear themselves away from the pull of a rage began to rapidly disappear from the room , running to the safety of their true homes to recover . 
 but there were so many that could not leave now . 
 as the stench of their blood began to overshadow zoe 's . 
 paris was able to regain some of his senses . 
 his attention turned squarely on zoe . 
 he had to save her . 
 somehow , he just had to . 
 but jackson stood between them . 
 a body-less arm landed in front of jackson . 
 paris could see him fighting his oncoming rage . 
 his head turned on shaky shoulders to see the body the arm belonged to being torn open . 
 a courtier that had lost his mind was rummaging about inside the dismembered torso . 
 zoe was wrestling salem on the ground . 
 salem came up quickly on top . 
 she pulled her hand back , flexed her claws , and prepared to strike . 
 zoe frantically patted around her for something . 
 she snatched up a heel that had fallen off in the scuffle , and slammed the heel into salem 's forehead . 
 the demoness fell over , writhing in pain . 
 zoe rolled over , quickly straddling salem . 
 without a breath of hesitation she raised the shoe and jammed the stiletto heel into salem 's remaining eye . 
 the once pale tile floor of the room was now stained with a thick layer of deep crimson . 
 a raging demon slipped as he lashed out at another demon . 
 mateo finally turned his attention away from paris . 
 he popped around the room , snapping the necks of the most foregone demons . 
 paris would n't let this moment pass him . 
 everyone was in a state of unconscious chaos . 
 he had to get zoe out before even he lost his mind . 
 he appeared above zoe , who continued to skewer salem with the shoe . 
 he wrapped his arms around her and they were gone . 
 chapter twenty nine zoe felt arms closing around her and the rush of being transported . 
 she whirled around as soon as she was released , waving the bloodied stiletto in the air to protect herself . 
 her eyes scanned a small room , nicely furnished with lots of dark stained oak and leather . 
 when she saw paris , she dropped to the ground , a sudden and intense exhaustion settled in . 
 she could n't stop her body from shaking and she felt the wet trickling of tears running down her cheeks . 
 she did n't even know why she was crying . 
 it just felt like the right thing to do . 
 her hands were covered in blood , and she looked helplessly up at paris for guidance . 
 but she did n't find the help in him that she had hoped . 
 he was turned away from her , leaning heavily against the back of a chair . 
 his shoulders heaved with every breath . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 zoe asked , searching him for an injury . 
 she had been so consumed during her fight with salem , she could n't remember anything else that had happened around her . 
 `` just stay back , '' paris said , a grit in his voice that was so uncharacteristic of him . 
 he took a step away from zoe . 
 she tried to follow after him , wanting to help somehow , but he waved her off . 
 `` i will be fine , '' he said . 
 he pointed to a door in the corner of the room , still refusing to look at her . 
 `` tend to yourself . '' 
 his words were a bit smoother , and his breathing appeared to be slowing . 
 zoe backed away towards the corner , but she stopped short of opening the door . 
 she did n't want to leave paris . 
 `` i need you to wash the blood away , zoe , '' paris said . 
 his voice was almost back to normal , but his back remained turned to her . 
 zoe sensed that he wanted to say something more , but he did n't . 
 he just remained looking away from her , his breathing becoming more and more steady until he straightened himself and stood on his own . 
 she turned to the door and opened it , finding a sizeable and lavishly appointed bathroom . 
 there was nothing she wanted to do more than to wash off the blood . 
 # zoe caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror as she turned on the faucet of the jacuzzi bathtub . 
 little spatters of blood dotted her face , wiped away only where her tears had trailed a clean path . 
 her left arm was soaked in her own blood , and the once deep blue dress she wore was now stained a dark purple . 
 it was n't the first time she looked like this , and she could n't stop her mind from returning to that night , so many years ago . 
 she had done what she needed to do then , and she did what she had to do now . 
 zoe had n't thought about that night since the morning after it happened , but she still did n't feel any regret for what she had done . 
 she grabbed a white hand towel , soaking it in the running water and wiping the drying blood off her arms . 
 she rummaged around in the cabinets , finding an emergency sewing kit in the jumble of toiletries . 
 zoe was surprised to find the drawers and cabinets so full , in stark contrast to the barren emptiness of his apartment . 
 it looked like this was his real home . 
 she chose a red thread . 
 it was going to be stained by her blood anyway . 
 she pulled the entire length from the little package of sewing supplies , doubling it so it made a short but thick and strong thread . 
 she picked the largest needle in the pack , which was still too small for the job , and threaded the eye . 
 taking a deep breath , and clamping her eyes shut against the stinging pain , she made her first stitch . 
 her left arm hung limply , twitching painfully with every impalement of the little sewing needle . 
 she could only stand to do a couple stitches , just enough to hold the wound together until she could get better care for it . 
 she tied the thread off as best she could , then doused the wound with alcohol and slapped a bandage on it . 
 once the burning pain of the alcohol subsided , zoe took a deep breath and began to mend her other scratches in the same manner . 
 # zoe came out of the bathroom , a plume of steam following behind her , and a thick white towel wrapped around her . 
 paris was sitting calmly in a chair , a glass of whiskey in his hand . 
 he twirled the liquid around the few cubes of ice in the glass before taking a sip . 
 zoe stood uncomfortably before him , unsure of what to do next , unsure of whether to say something or not . 
 she had a moment to really take in the room . 
 it was vastly different from the apartment he had previously brought her to . 
 it was filled with plush , comfortable looking furniture and interesting décor . 
 it was inviting , not sterile , and every piece in the room reminded her of paris . 
 `` have a seat , '' paris said . 
 he motioned to an armchair right next to him , and zoe made her way over to it . 
 she wrapped the towel more securely around her body and adjusted the smaller towel that she had wrapped her hair in . 
 she felt so awkward and unsure around him . 
 he had been so cold and indifferent to her in that place . 
 was it all just an act , or did he really not care about her ? 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 he said , when she had barely settled into the seat . 
 the question , and the intensity of his glare , caught her off guard . 
 she had n't a clue what he meant . 
 `` i do n't ... '' she shook her head in confusion , trying to understand , but paris interrupted her . 
 `` salem is dead , '' he said . 
 he stood and paced a little in front of her . 
 `` well , she kinda had it coming , '' zoe said , her eyes following him . 
 `` besides , she attacked me . 
 what was i supposed to do ? 
 let her kill me ? '' 
 `` humans simply can not kill demons , '' he said , his words more of a thought to himself . 
 `` you must be something else . '' 
 `` apparently we can , '' zoe said , `` because as far as i know , that 's what i am . '' 
 `` your blood is toxic to me , '' paris said . 
 his pacing stopped and he looked down his nose at zoe , as if he was a parent coaxing a child to tell a truth that was already known . 
 `` i just do n't know what to tell you , '' zoe said , throwing her hands up with a shrug . 
 `` if i 'm going to protect you , '' paris said , turning his back to her , `` i need to know what you are ? '' 
 zoe thought for a moment . 
 should she tell him about her past ? 
 about all the things she was taught growing up , that she had never believed , had tried so hard to escape , only to find now that it was all too real . 
 she just could n't . 
 she was n't ready to face that reality herself just yet . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' zoe said , shaking her head . 
 `` i just do n't ... '' `` they will be coming for you , '' paris said , turning to her . 
 his face had returned to the stoic mask she was used to , but his eyes showed a glimmer of care . 
 `` they will not suffer you to live after what just happened , and i 'm afraid i can not protect you . '' 
 chapter thirty paris was barely able to think straight with all the possibilities floating through his mind . 
 he knew zoe was different . 
 he knew her blood smelled sweeter and spicier than normal humans . 
 but he had let his sexual desire for her cloud his judgment . 
 now , half the royal court was dead , including the grand elder 's daughter , and he would likely be held responsible . 
 even now , with the dire situation at hand , all he wanted to do was rip the towel off of zoe and have his way with her . 
 he forced the thoughts out of his mind . 
 `` what happens now ? '' 
 she asked , her voice so soft and innocent , as if she had n't just killed a powerful demoness with essentially her bare hands . 
 the grand elder would not likely allow zoe to live after what she had done . 
 the hunters were probably already called against her . 
 she was safe here , under his warding and protection , for now . 
 but his power could only last so long against the hunters . 
 `` i have to go , '' paris said . 
 he could see the sadness in her eyes the moment the words came out . 
 he could understand her desire to not be alone . 
 `` i will return as soon as i can , '' he said . 
 he set his half drunk glass of whiskey down . 
 he had hoped it would calm him , but it did n't . 
 `` you need to rest . '' 
 `` no , '' she said , standing up and catching the towel just before it fell off her body . 
 he should have expected her to react as such . 
 `` i want to come with you . '' 
 `` that is not possible , '' paris said . 
 if she went anywhere away from the protection of the warding that blocked his true home , the hunters would pick up on her aura instantly . 
 `` you will be safe here until i return . '' 
 `` no , '' zoe said , her voice rising to a near hysteria . 
 her brows were heavily furrowed over widened eyes . 
 `` i do n't want to stay here . '' 
 `` this is not up for debate , zoe , '' he said , firm but still as kind as he could muster . 
 `` i will return before you wake . 
 i promise . '' 
 her eyes fell , and he knew she was relenting . 
 her adrenaline was wearing down , and paris imagined she would be exhausted . 
 she sat back down , her shoulders slumping in defeat . 
 `` but what if you do n't ? '' 
 she asked . 
 paris was shocked by the question . 
 not the question itself , but the sincerity and concern behind it . 
 he had never had anyone feel this way towards him and it only enamored him more . 
 `` i will , '' he said . 
 he reached a knuckle under her chin , tenderly lifting her face to his . 
 `` you need to rest . '' 
 his hand opened to cup her cheek and she leaned her head into his embrace , her eyes wide as they shone up at him . 
 her lips were parted slightly and he could n't stop himself from tasting her once more . 
 he kissed her softly , gentle , contrasting the rush of passion that coursed through him . 
 she stood , wrapping her hands around his neck and deepening the kiss . 
 the terry cloth towel that covered her fell to the ground . 
 paris fought the strong urge to pull away and take in the beautiful sight of her naked body , settling instead to pull her closer to him . 
 zoe moaned softly , the sound filling his mouth . 
 she was making it very hard for him to leave . 
 but he had to resist her charms . 
 now was certainly not the time for such things . 
 his hands slid past the small curve of her back and found the rounded swell of her bottom . 
 he squeezed gently , enjoying to plumpness of it , as he pulled her up and wrapped her legs around his hips . 
 he made his way to the bedroom , laying zoe on the bed and collapsing on top of her , unable to pull himself away from her lips . 
 he was aroused to a painful extent , and as zoe began to rub herself against him , he almost lost it . 
 with great reluctance , he pulled away from her . 
 she was breath taking . 
 the soft red burn on her cheeks brought out the blue of her eyes , glazed over with desire . 
 her sandy hair had fallen out of the towel and spread out over the silk covered bed beneath her . 
 the delicious lips that paris found so irresistible were red and moist from his attentions . 
 `` sleep now , '' paris said , his voice strained with his own desire . 
 `` i will be back very soon . '' 
 zoe stuck a pout on her lips but she did n't argue further . 
 she wriggled under the covers , the sleepiness showing in her half-lidded eyes . 
 paris tucked her under the covers and gave her a chaste kiss on the forehead and she snuggled down . 
 he took a moment , adjusting himself , and allowing his arousal to cool . 
 with a last glance at zoe , he left her in his home . 
 he had promised her that he would return shortly , but he knew very well that he might not be able to keep that promise . 
 chapter thirty one `` you must be out of your mind , '' athena said as she opened the door . 
 now more than ever paris needed to know what zoe was . 
 if anyone would know , it would be athena . 
 he had travelled all the way to the greek islands , her territory , to ask her . 
 `` i 'm not sure exactly what you are referring to , '' paris said , stepping through the door and past her without an invite inside , `` but no , i 'm not . '' 
 `` how could you bring her to the royal court ? '' 
 athena asked incredulously , closing the door and turning to paris . 
 her jaw was tensed as she stared expectantly back at him . 
 he felt like a child being scolded . 
 `` i had no choice , '' paris said , his words harsh in defense of the criticism . 
 `` you have no idea what she is , '' athena said , `` do you ? '' 
 `` i suppose you do ? '' 
 paris said , bristling . 
 he needed to know what exactly zoe was and he did n't have time to get into an argument , least of all with athena . 
 `` of course , '' athena said , lifting her nose in the air . 
 she walked past paris and towards the wet bar in the corner of the comfortably furnished room . 
 `` and you know that i will be forced to tell the council , when they call for me . '' 
 `` what do they know ? '' 
 paris asked . 
 he followed slowly after her , stopping along the way to take a seat on one of the two beige sofas that filled the casual room . 
 `` nothing , '' athena said , pulling two glasses from beneath the counter . 
 `` as of yet . 
 but they are calling in every one that survived . 
 they will be calling for you soon i suppose . '' 
 athena 's pumps clicked on the tiled floor as she crossed back over to the seating area , handing paris a glass with a few sips of whiskey in it . 
 she had one in her own hand as she took a seat beside paris on the couch . 
 `` what is she ? '' 
 paris asked , finally giving voice to the question that had been haunting his subconscious . 
 `` is she in your custody ? '' 
 athena asked , ignoring the question as she looked into the amber-colored liquid . 
 paris hesitated to answer . 
 it was n't really a question that needed to be answered , and his silence would tell athena all she needed to know . 
 `` i suppose you know the hunters have been called for her , '' athena said , `` even if you are warding her , they will find her . '' 
 `` it was a fair fight , a fair kill , '' paris said . 
 `` there is no reason to involve the hunters . '' 
 `` it should n't have been a kill at all , '' athena said , her eyes snapped to paris and he saw a hint of jealousy behind them . 
 it was supposed to be athena that killed salem , winning the right to mate with paris . 
 but zoe had taken that from her . 
 `` salem was the aggressor , '' paris said , looking away from her . 
 he drank the whiskey in a single gulp and set the glass on the coffee table . 
 `` there is no fault to be found with zoe . '' 
 `` oddly enough , '' athena said , leaning into the heavy padding of the sofa , `` mateo seems to agree with you . 
 he has disputed the calling . 
 the grand elder is quite upset with the whole situation . '' 
 athena allowed a moment of silence to pass between them and paris was grateful . 
 if mateo had disputed the calling , then it bought paris some time to find a way to permanently ward zoe . 
 but he could n't understand why mateo would do such a thing . 
 he was there . 
 he saw what had happened , had heard the skipping beat of his heart . 
 he knew of paris ' attachment to zoe . 
 `` what is he after ? '' 
 paris said , more of a thought than a question . 
 `` i suppose he is attempting to contradict his own guilt , '' athena said . 
 `` he allowed the human to be brought to the palace , and the fight with salem to continue . '' 
 `` tell me now , '' paris said . 
 it was an order , delivered firmly and demanding a response . 
 `` what is she ? '' 
 `` a priestess , '' athena said , `` and by the way she single handedly destroyed the royal court , and has you so enamored , a very powerful one . '' 
 `` you are familiar with her kind ? '' 
 paris asked . 
 `` only in passing , '' athena said , `` although , as i 'm sure you can imagine , in passing is more than enough . '' 
 `` i understand , '' paris said , standing from the couch . 
 athena quickly mimicked him . 
 her eyes softened and her lips parted to speak . 
 she hesitated , an unusual thing for her , but paris gave her the moment to compose herself . 
 `` i was surprised when you asked me to mate , '' athena said finally . 
 `` but i understand now . '' 
 `` i stand by my offer , '' paris said . 
 the way he felt about zoe was incomparable . 
 but he knew that they could never be together . 
 he would do whatever he could to protect her . 
 but he could never actually have her , be with her . 
 `` i will announce our mating to the council when i am called . '' 
 `` and i will look the other way as you do what you see fit with the human , '' athena said . 
 she picked up the empty glass off the coffee table , her eyes refusing to meet his as she turned away from him . 
 `` i want you to wipe her mind , '' paris said . 
 `` i do n't want her to remember me , or any of this . '' 
 `` assuming she lives , '' athena said . 
 the words stung , they were cold and bluntly delivered , but he knew they were spoken in honesty . 
 it was , in fact , most likely that zoe would not live through this . 
 `` she has an illusive past , '' paris said , `` dig into that for me . '' 
 `` consider it done , '' athena said . 
 chapter thirty two paris returned to find zoe fast asleep , breathing softly , the down stuffed comforter tucked around her naked body . 
 his apartment was set up for business , and he had enjoyed the company of many females there . 
 but this was his private home . 
 he had never shared this bed with anyone before . 
 he felt a strange sense of peace that zoe was in it . 
 `` zoe , '' he said . 
 he made his voice smooth , a heavy whisper as he came closer to her . 
 a soft moan echoed in her throat and she shuffled in the bed , but her eyes remained closed . 
 `` zoe , '' he called to her again , sitting down on the side of the bed . 
 she shifted under the covers again , her head tossing a bit before her eyes fluttered open . 
 `` paris , '' zoe questioned in a sleepy whisper . 
 he picked up a faint arousal in her aura and he just could n't wait any longer . 
 he would be called before the council soon to answer for his actions , and he wanted to make the best use of his time before that happened . 
 he placed a hand on the other side of her , leaning over her , blocking her from escaping his embrace . 
 she sucked in a shaky breath and paris could feel her tensing . 
 he gave her a moment as he just stared back at her , barely a space between them . 
 he slid his hand up the bed and tangled his fingers in her hair . 
 his eyes locked with hers as he tried to quell the fear that he felt radiating from her . 
 paris bent his neck and nipped lightly at her lips , pulling back to inspect zoe 's reaction . 
 he could feel the arousal that was heavy in her aura , but she was tense , afraid . 
 there was an odd sort of surrender in her eyes that paris could n't bear to look at . 
 he caressed her neck with parted lips , pausing at the crook were it met her shoulders . 
 he was gentle , tender . 
 something he had never tried to be before . 
 a shiver and a throaty gasp encouraged him to continue . 
 he pulled the covers away . 
 zoe hesitated , reaching for the blankets to hide her naked body . 
 but paris was insistent . 
 his gentle kissing distracted her as he took the covers away . 
 his hand found her hip and began to feel it 's way up her supple flesh . 
 she flinched and pulled away . 
 he stopped . 
 `` i wo n't hurt you zoe , '' paris said . 
 he could n't understand her . 
 she was clearly enjoying the attentions he was giving her , if the arousal that clogged the air was any indication . 
 but she was fighting against it , refusing to allow herself the pleasure that her body was craving . 
 `` i will stop if you ask me to . '' 
 he watched her consider his words . 
 she remained quiet , made no protest . 
 her lips parted and she gulped in air , but she did n't speak . 
 she avoided his stare , looking everywhere but at him , and paris took it as a sign to continue . 
 he pecked her cheek , pulling back and looking at her . 
 he kissed a little closer to her lips and she finally rewarded him by meeting his heated glare . 
 her lips parted slightly and paris took the opportunity to conquer them . 
 his tongue dove into her with a reckless abandon as he took control of her mouth , telling her tongue where to go and her lips how to move . 
 she reacted nicely , unsure at first but relaxing into his instruction . 
 he felt her hips shifting on the bed beside him . 
 she moaned . 
 he grasped the thick of her thigh , shifting her closer to him . 
 the feeling of arousal in her aura was intense . 
 it made him pulse with a need to feel her around him . 
 her arms reached out to him , snaking around his neck . 
 her touch was timid . 
 paris grabbed one of her hands , placing it on his hardened cock as he pulled back to look at her . 
 she nibbled at her lower lip , her cheeks stained so dark he feared she would pass out from lack of blood to her brain . 
 his hand guided hers , showing her how to rub him . 
 her breathing was short and choppy but she tried as best she could to follow his direction . 
 her touch was apprehensive . 
 her eyes watched him for reassurance . 
 paris allowed a short grunt of pleasure to escape him . 
 she became bolder with the encouragement and her shoulders relaxed . 
 he grasped the full swell of her breast , gripping it with a light pressure . 
 he used the nail of his thumb to flick at the already perky nipple . 
 the other nipple he found with his lips , suckling it . 
 zoe arched her back , pushing herself further into his touch . 
 `` paris , '' she moaned his name breathlessly as he assaulted her willing flesh . 
 he pulled away from her touch , from the heat of her body . 
 he stood from the bed and hovered over her . 
 her brow furrowed as she looked up at him , silently questioning him . 
 paris could n't take it any longer . 
 he ripped his shirt open with a single , forceful pull , buttons bouncing across the room . 
 his pants were left in a pile on the floor and he was on the bed , between zoe 's slender legs before she had time to take two breaths . 
 he rubbed against her entrance , pleased to see how ready she was with only such minimal attentions . 
 his pleasure was cut short when she tensed again and tried to scoot away from him . 
 he held her firmly in place with a hand on her hip . 
 she whined and looked up at him , her eyes wide and full of a strange kind of fright . 
 `` why do you pull away from me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he was using every ounce of restraint he had to keep from thrusting into her . 
 he wanted her to enjoy this as well . 
 `` it 's just ... '' zoe looked away from him . 
 `` its so different . '' 
 `` do you not enjoy it ? '' 
 paris asked . 
 `` yes ... i do , '' she said , the words so breathless he almost did n't hear them . 
 `` then enjoy it , '' paris said . 
 he positioned himself , taking one last look into her eyes before he did the unthinkable , sliding into her with a hiss . 
 her walls consumed him , clenching tightly as he invaded her . 
 she arched into him , her fingers grasping at his shoulders . 
 he had never felt anything so amazing in all his years . 
 he pulled back , entering her again as her nails dug into him . 
 her hips rolled with his every thrust , and he allowed her to set the tempo . 
 she set a lazy pace , gasping and sighing as he obliged her . 
 but he could only hold his desires back for so long . 
 she whined , reaching after him , as he withdrew from her . 
 he was n't absent from her warmth long , pulling her hips up to meet his as he impaled her on himself . 
 he thrust into her tightness with an increasing speed . 
 she bucked her hips as her arousal grew to a breaking point . 
 her walls pulsed around him , her body tensed as she moaned his name . 
 paris reached his breaking point . 
 he could n't hold back any longer and he collapsed over her , reaching his release as she clung breathlessly to him . 
 he was certain in that moment that his curiosity for her would never be satisfied . 
 chapter thirty three zoe listened to the slow , steady beat of paris ' heart as she rest her head on his chest . 
 his fingers languished in her hair , and all but put her to sleep . 
 she had never in her life felt so amazing . 
 she had never known that sex could be so good . 
 it was a shame she had to learn it from a demon . 
 `` paris , '' she said thoughtfully , not lifting her head from the comfort of his chest . 
 `` what exactly is it that you do ? '' 
 `` i make deals , '' he said simply . 
 zoe had n't expected anything more from him . 
 he was a man of few and choice words . 
 she assumed it served him well in whatever it was he did . 
 she sure had fallen under the spell of his charms quite handily . 
 `` i got that , '' zoe said , `` but i mean ... '' `` you read the book , '' paris said . 
 his voice was the sexy deep baritone that made zoe 's knees weak , but it had lost its cold edge and she was so thankful for that . 
 `` yeah , '' zoe said , twirling her fingers through the patch of hair on his chest . 
 `` but ... '' `` you do not want to know the answers to these questions , zoe , '' he said , interrupting her . 
 he pulled away , sitting up on the bed . 
 his grey eyes bore down on her as intense as they were apathetic . 
 `` my business is nothing pleasant . '' 
 `` i want to know , '' zoe said . 
 she had already let herself get in too deep with paris . 
 she should have run from him the moment she saw him . 
 but she had the idiotic notion that she could somehow control him through a stupid ritual she had read about . 
 `` i take years , '' paris said . 
 he turned away from her . 
 `` in exchange for a variety of things . '' 
 `` what do you do with the years ? '' 
 zoe asked . 
 she sat up in the bed , scooting around to look paris in the eyes , holding the covers to her body . 
 `` i live them , '' paris said . 
 `` how long have you been alive ? '' 
 zoe asked . 
 she was happy to have him in such a forthcoming mood and she was going to try and take full advantage of it . 
 `` a very long time , '' he said , and zoe felt her hopes drop slightly . 
 apparently , he was n't going to be that forthcoming . 
 paris reached an arm out to her , motioning for her to come closer . 
 `` what about souls ? '' 
 zoe asked , `` do you make deals for souls , or is that just myth ? '' 
 `` those deals are extremely rare , '' paris said with a heavy sigh , dropping his hand when she did n't accept the embrace . 
 `` they come with a different benefit . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 zoe asked . 
 she had to admit that as much as his world frightened her , it fascinated her far more . 
 especially when her life was n't in imminent danger . 
 `` a different kind of power , '' paris said . 
 `` collecting souls makes a demon truly powerful . 
 it makes him a lord , or lady , in the royal court . '' 
 `` how many souls do you have ? '' 
 zoe asked . 
 paris looked at her with a small bend in his neck and a raised eyebrow . 
 he crossed his hands over his broad , bare chest and made himself more comfortable in the bed as he looked back at her . 
 a tense moment of silence passed . 
 `` three hundred fifty six , '' he said finally . 
 zoe was n't sure how to react . 
 he stared back at her , `` is that a lot ? '' 
 zoe asked . 
 `` yes , '' he said . 
 zoe had to pause again to think of what she wanted to ask him next . 
 she could sense he was becoming less receptive to her questions , and she decided to change the nature of them . 
 `` is um ... '' zoe felt her stomach dropping . 
 `` is my contract ... '' she did n't need to ask the question . 
 she could already see the answer in the way he refused to look at her . 
 `` you did n't even try to read the contract , '' paris said , with a small shake of his head that was so simple but so compassionate . 
 `` i had no idea it would come to this , zoe . '' 
 `` my soul ... '' zoe said . 
 she clutched at her chest , swallowing back the stinging tears that threatened to well up in her eyes . 
 her judgment had been so clouded by his very presence , she was n't able to think straight . 
 `` i thought i could control you , '' zoe said , `` i thought i had the power ... '' paris stood from the bed . 
 he walked over to a black wooden filing cabinet near a simple desk and opened the drawer . 
 after a moment of shuffling he pulled out a file . 
 he turned to face her , pulling a thick piece of paper out of the file and tossing it onto the floor . 
 it hit with a muffled thud . 
 `` that is the master copy of your contract , '' he said . 
 the piece of paper burst into flames and was entirely consumed in a matter of moments . 
 `` you are released from any debt due to me . 
 but you will tell me what you are . '' 
 # paris set the file down on the corner of the bed . 
 it was every scrap of information he could get his hands on about zoe , and it was an unusually thin file . 
 there were bank statements , that paris could n't believe to be accurate for how small the amounts were . 
 her lease agreement , all her email names and passwords , even a copy of her library card . 
 all of which were opened within the last two years . 
 paris prided himself on being thorough with all his clients . 
 but zoe had presented a unique challenge from the start . 
 he knew what she was now , but that did n't answer all his questions . 
 `` there is nothing on you for the past two years , '' paris said , pointing to the pile , `` you seem to have appeared out of nowhere , zoe fine . 
 which is , of course , not your real name . '' 
 `` how did you get all of this ? '' 
 zoe said . 
 she pulled her knees to her chest , wrapping the blankets tighter around her . 
 `` i am very thorough with all of my clients , '' paris said . 
 `` what do you want to know ? '' 
 zoe said . 
 she looked up at him with a shrug . 
 `` where did you come from ? '' 
 paris asked . 
 `` a small town , '' zoe said , looking away . 
 `` far away from here . '' 
 `` there are no records of you , '' paris said . 
 he had never been able to find a birth certificate for her . 
 `` what is your real name ? '' 
 `` what is yours ? '' 
 zoe said . 
 she dropped her knees and straightened her back as her eyes glared up at him . 
 paris saw a strength shining through her that was n't always there , though he had seen it before . 
 he did n't answer her , but she was n't expecting him to . 
 he had already told her he would never utter his real name to anyone . 
 `` i ran away from that place , '' zoe said , breaking the silence that had fallen over them , `` and i never looked back . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 paris asked . 
 zoe looked away from him . 
 her brow furrowed . 
 paris could feel the turmoil raging in her aura . 
 `` i come from a unique community , '' zoe said . 
 she looked up at paris . 
 `` they like to call themselves religious , but ... '' her words stopped short of a further explanation . 
 she looked down at her hands , fiddled with the edge of the blanket . 
 paris did n't speak . 
 he was waiting for her to continue . 
 `` i was married when i was fifteen , '' she said , finally looking up at him again . 
 `` or , i should say , forced to marry . '' 
 `` he beat me , '' she continued , her voice cracking a little . 
 `` so i ran . '' 
 she had n't lied , but paris could feel the deception in her aura . 
 there was something she was leaving unsaid . 
 he could see the pain in her eyes and decided to let it go for now . 
 he would find out everything soon enough . 
 chapter thirty four paris was silent and , as always , zoe could n't read him . 
 it was strangely relieving to finally tell someone about her past . 
 her husband and all the abuse she put up with was surprisingly easy to talk about . 
 her family was more difficult . 
 the mother and father that should have loved and cared for her were so quick to turn their backs on her . 
 `` women were n't allowed to read where i grew up , '' zoe said . 
 paris was a receptive listener , and zoe found it easy to talk to him . 
 `` i did n't know how until i was fourteen . 
 at least , i think i was fourteen . 
 my parents never kept track of that kind of stuff . 
 i 've never had a birthday . 
 but fourteen seems about right . '' 
 zoe could remember her jealousy at seeing the men reading , and teaching their sons how to read . 
 she had secretly envied them for so long . 
 one day , a boy from across the street taught her the alphabet . 
 she always wondered if he knew better than to do what he had done . 
 when they were caught , he had been so badly beaten that he never walked quite right again . 
 zoe could n't help but feel responsible . 
 `` anyway , once i learned how to read ... once my parents found out , '' zoe said , continuing in the silence that paris gave her , `` my father married me off to someone that was supposed to keep an eye on me . 
 an old friend of the family 's . '' 
 paris sat quietly beside her , his fingers stroked idly on her arm . 
 zoe wanted him to say something , anything that would give her a moment of being the listener . 
 his eyes burned into her , as if he was reading her soul . 
 `` i never liked him , '' zoe said looking away . 
 `` i did n't like him before i had to marry him . 
 i liked him a lot less after . '' 
 `` what did he do to you ? '' 
 paris asked when she paused . 
 his words were barely more than a mumble . 
 zoe reasoned that with as many years as he lived , he had learned to be very patient . 
 time must pass very differently for someone like paris . 
 `` he liked to beat me up , '' zoe said , looking back up at him . 
 `` anytime he caught me reading , i caught a beating . 
 i tried not to read . 
 for a long time i did n't . 
 i went an entire year without even picking up a book . 
 it was awful . 
 i decided i would rather die . 
 i would rather take a beating every day . '' 
 `` he tried to take all the books out of the house . 
 but there were always things to read . 
 it 's amazing how inescapable it is , once you learn how to do it . 
 food labels , the mail on the counter . 
 it was just impossible to keep from reading . '' 
 `` my husband had company one night , '' zoe said . 
 she paused , considering whether she was ready to reveal the full truth to him . 
 she was afraid he would shun her , he would look down on her for the things she had done in her past . 
 `` i was sneaking around the house , as i often did , '' zoe said . 
 she looked away from paris . 
 she could n't keep his gaze any longer . 
 `` i heard them talking about me . 
 about my reading , and how much trouble i could cause for them . 
 i could tell they were scared , terrified about something . 
 about me . '' 
 `` i always imagined other kids , far away from where i grew up . 
 their parents would tell them bedtime stories of princesses and fairytales . 
 the bedtime stories i got were different . 
 much darker . 
 from as long as i could remember , my mother would tell me about creatures that lurked in the dark . 
 demons that would steal my soul if i let them . 
 the reason we lived the way we did , was to keep them away . 
 i never believed a word of it . 
 i thought she was crazy . 
 ironic i suppose ... '' `` they were going to take my eyes , '' zoe said , looking back at paris with her jaw clenching against the emotion that rose in her throat . 
 `` i could n't be trusted not to read , and taking my eyes was the only way to stop me . 
 so i ran . '' 
 zoe had never known anything different . 
 but she somehow knew that things should be different . 
 she had such a curiosity , such a desire to learn . 
 she just had to get away from there , away from the iron grip they had on her freedom . 
 the feel of hot blood splattering across her face was something she would never forget . 
 as she returned every blow her husband had ever given her with a baseball bat , his blood and brain matter speckling the carpet , she had wrenched her freedom free from his grasp . 
 `` zoe was the name of the woman that picked me up on the road outside of the compound , '' zoe said . 
 `` she did n't ask a single question . 
 just gave me a ride far away from that place . 
 i never looked back . 
 i moved to the city , and started a new life . 
 it may not be much to some , but it 's all mine . '' 
 the room became painfully quiet . 
 paris did n't say anything . 
 zoe could n't speak anymore . 
 she had given up everything that she was willing to tell . 
 she wanted paris to speak . 
 she wanted him to laugh , or sigh , or yell , or anything to take away the silence of the room . 
 but he just sat , stone still , staring back at her . 
 finally , his brows twitched together . 
 he sighed and parted his lips to speak . 
 `` i must go , '' paris said , standing from the bed . 
 `` the council is calling me . '' 
 he did n't say anything else . 
 he disappeared from the room , leaving zoe all alone . 
 chapter thirty five `` lord paris , step before the court , '' the grand elder 's words were a chalky echo in the vast courtroom . 
 `` i am present , my lords , '' paris said , stepping forward with his head bowed respectfully . 
 the two council lords and the grand elder stared down at him from behind the judge 's bench . 
 the room was empty , not a single other courtier was present . 
 in all the centuries paris had been attending court , he had never once seen it less than packed to capacity . 
 he supposed they were all dead . 
 `` we find ourselves in a delicate predicament , '' mateo spoke , his voice stern and disapproving . 
 he glanced to his side , to the grand elder and riyad , who sat beside him . 
 paris had not seen riyad since the engagement , and now the older demon was glaring down at him with raw hatred in his eyes . 
 `` we must rebuild the court , '' riyad said , his words terse . 
 `` that is the only reason you find yourself still alive . '' 
 paris shifted his eyes away from the demon he had known as a mentor for many centuries . 
 he fought the strong urge to shift uncomfortably as he felt riyad 's stare sizzling into his flesh . 
 it was the last person he had ever wanted to betray , but that was exactly what he had done . 
 paris knew better than to speak , unless he was directed to . 
 he silently endured the quiet anger that hung in the room . 
 `` calm yourself , '' mateo said , raising a hand to riyad . 
 `` cavorting with a human , '' riyad said , his words hissing out like bubbling acid . 
 he stood from his chair , pushing it out behind him . 
 `` he should be happy for the court to end his miserable existence . '' 
 `` now , '' mateo said , standing slowly , trying to tempt riyad down , `` we can not be certain what happened here ... '' `` where is she ? '' 
 riyad asked . 
 his eyes remained set on paris . 
 his jaw tensed . 
 paris wished he could refuse to answer . 
 he was a good liar , but the council was exceptional at smelling them out . 
 and after what mateo had already seen , paris would n't likely get away with even a well-delivered lie . 
 `` lord riyad , '' mateo spoke before paris even had the chance to form an answer , `` i will ask you again to calm yourself . '' 
 paris could n't help but notice the grand elder sitting between the two , slumped forward in his chair , his eyes gazing off into nowhere . 
 he looked like a tired parent between two bickering siblings . 
 his lips cracked open , as if he was going to speak , but he just huffed and returned to stillness . 
 `` half the royal court is dead , '' riyad said , slamming his hand down on the table . 
 `` all because of that human bitch . 
 and you wish me to believe that paris had nothing to do with that . '' 
 `` he may in fact be guilty , '' mateo said , `` but we will establish that through the proper legal channels . 
 we do not even know what happened , lord riyad . '' 
 riyad clenched his jaw . 
 he squared up to mateo . 
 his eyes flicked down to the grand elder , looking for support . 
 when he got none , he turned away , shoving his chair under him . 
 he leaned back , crossed his arms over his chest , and continued to glare at paris . 
 `` lord paris , '' mateo began , sitting down and looking away from riyad to paris , `` were you aware of the nature of this human prior to this incident ? '' 
 `` no , '' paris answered truthfully . 
 he could n't understand what mateo was doing . 
 the older demon had clearly seen what had happened . 
 he had seen paris take zoe away from the party . 
 why was n't he just saying so ? 
 `` i was aware of her uniqueness , '' paris said , `` but i had no idea ... '' `` are you aware of her nature now ? '' 
 mateo asked , interrupting paris as he scribbled notes on the paper in front of him . 
 paris had no choice but to answer the question , though he wished he did n't have to . 
 `` i am , '' paris said . 
 `` what is she ? '' 
 mateo asked , leaning forward slightly . 
 `` how was she able to inflict so much damage ? '' 
 `` she is a priestess , '' paris said . 
 `` though i believe she was not aware of her abilities prior to ... '' `` listen to him , '' riyad balked , his voice rising loudly , `` he is trying to defend the human . '' 
 `` lord riyad , '' mateo 's pitch rose to meet riyad 's , `` i will not ask you again to be calm . '' 
 `` do not talk to me as if i am a child , '' riyad said . 
 he shot from his seat and flung the chair across the room . 
 `` i will tear you to pieces in a heartbeat . '' 
 `` i 'd like to see you try , '' mateo said , his voice was placid and his eyes had a cheerful gleam . 
 he stood slowly and the two faced off . 
 the grand elder sat between them , lethargic . 
 it was questionable if he even understood what was going on around him . 
 `` i 'm going to enjoy it , '' riyad said , flexing his claws at mateo , `` one day , very soon . '' 
 riyad disappeared , taking with him all the hatred and anger that was hanging in the air . 
 paris wanted to breath a sigh of relief at the removal of riyad 's suffocating aura , but he restrained himself . 
 he still had mateo to deal with , which he could n't decide was better or worse . 
 `` now that we 've taken care of that , '' mateo said with a curt smirk at paris , `` shall we continue ? '' 
 mateo made himself comfortable in his seat , glancing back up at paris with his hands crossed on the desk in front of him . 
 `` as i was saying , we have a delicate situation , '' mateo said . 
 `` most of the royal court is dead , and we need to rebuild it . 
 capital punishment of a demon of your class is simply counterproductive to that end . '' 
 paris began to understand . 
 mateo did n't care about his attachment to zoe . 
 he only wanted to rebuild the world that he had ruled over for most of his life . 
 it would be a much more difficult feat without paris , `` so here 's what we 're going to do , '' mateo said , `` bring in the human and we will forget this whole mess ever -- `` `` no , '' paris said , his mouth moving without his consent as he interrupted the council lord . 
 denying such a thing was sure to bring his death , but he just could n't hand zoe over to them . 
 he would sooner die than do such a thing . 
 `` you will bring in my daughter 's murderer , '' the grand elder suddenly spoke , his eyes were like fire as they shot up at paris . 
 his old jaw was tight , his wrinkled lips pulled into a little broken line . 
 `` or i will issue a warrant for her arrest . 
 let the hunters deal with her . '' 
 chapter thirty six `` thank you for speaking with me , '' athena said as she settled into the worn couch . 
 she waited for the wispy woman in the ankle length dress sitting across from her to respond , but she said nothing . 
 a silence settled between them , the only sound in the room was the heavy tick of a grandfather clock . 
 `` no one else in your community was willing to speak with me , '' athena said , hoping to get a response . 
 she smiled politely , trying not to make it look too forced . 
 the woman shot out of her seat , darting quickly to the large living room window . 
 she pulled back the floral curtains , peering outside before clutching them tightly together . 
 `` i know what you are , '' the woman said , turning around to athena with her lips pulled tight . 
 she sat quickly in the closest armchair . 
 her back was stick straight . 
 she refused to make direct eye contact with athena , instead choosing a spot on the floor to stare at . 
 `` yes , '' athena said , `` i was not entirely honest . 
 i am not really a reporter . 
 i 'm a friend of -- `` `` not that , '' she said . 
 her words were softly spoken , a gulping mixture of sounds and breaths . 
 athena could n't believe this was zoe 's mother . 
 aside from the very minute similarity in the auras , they were nothing alike . 
 strength and courage radiated from zoe 's aura , even when it was heavily tinted with fear . 
 but this woman had only fear and pain . 
 `` i know , '' the woman said , chancing a glance at athena from behind her fringed sandy-colored bangs , `` what you are . '' 
 athena was silent . 
 it had taken her all day to find someone willing to say more than two words to her . 
 she was in human form , but she may as well have been in demon form by the way they had shunned her . 
 `` you can shift , '' the woman said . 
 she lifted her eyes a little more . 
 a puckish smile flitted across her lips , disappearing as quickly as it came . 
 `` if you like . '' 
 for just a brief moment , athena could see zoe in her mother . 
 the glimmer of rebellion simmering just beneath the surface . 
 the almost nefarious curiosity was permanently hidden behind her big blue eyes . 
 but just like the woman 's smile , it was gone as quickly as it came . 
 `` it is only in the darkness that we shift , '' athena said , leaning back , getting more comfortable . 
 `` then things have changed since the old days , '' she said , her eyes once again refusing to focus on athena . 
 `` what else could be different ? '' 
 athena did n't answer the question , did n't feel she had to . 
 it was n't addressed to her . 
 the woman spoke to her shoulder , her body slumped over on itself as she puzzled over her own thoughts . 
 `` i have come seeking information , '' athena said , getting to the point . 
 `` i do n't have any , '' the woman said quickly , shaking her head . 
 her fingers fiddled with the hem of her dress , pulling at a thread that had come undone . 
 `` zoe is what she calls herself , '' athena said . 
 the woman did n't reply . 
 almost as if she had n't heard . 
 `` your daughter . 
 she calls herself zoe . '' 
 the woman 's eyes shot up to athena , finally looking directly at her . 
 she could see the pain of a mother who had lost her child . 
 her knees began to bounce under her long skirt , and she nibbled at the edge of her lip . 
 `` she was always such a petulant child , '' the woman said with a nasally gasp , as tears began to form in her eyes . 
 `` i tried to tell her , that she must n't be that way . 
 but she never listened . '' 
 she shook her head , and stopped speaking . 
 athena gave her a moment to continue , but she did n't . 
 she just sat staring at the ugly carpet of her floor . 
 `` i 'm afraid your daughter is in a considerable amount of trouble , '' athena said simply . 
 the words snapped the woman out of her stupor , but she did n't react the way athena expected . 
 `` i knew from a very young age how special she was . 
 i tried to hide it , but they were afraid of her , the men . 
 they knew too , what she is capable of , '' the woman said , continuing to stare at the carpet . 
 she stood . 
 her hands clutched at her chest . 
 she took a couple steps to her right , then shifted direction to her left . 
 her eyes found the round clock hanging on the opposite wall . 
 she stared at it for a lengthy moment , her lips moving in a silent count . 
 `` you must leave now , '' she said . 
 her eyes were wide , filled with fright . 
 it was enough to make athena 's stomach churn , that a human would treat another so badly that she was left in the state of constant fear , as this woman was . 
 `` zoe is in a lot of trouble , '' athena said . 
 she had n't found the answers she needed yet , and she could n't go back to paris empty handed . 
 his life was as much in jeopardy as zoe 's . 
 `` she is going to die . '' 
 `` i do n't begrudge your kind for what they do , '' she said . 
 a single tear trailed down the swell of her cheek and dropped to the floor . 
 `` they do not force humans to make the choices they do . 
 but my husband ... he wo n't ... '' `` i am trying to help her , '' athena said . 
 `` why would a demon want to help a human ? '' 
 `` i do n't , '' athena looked down at her hands , for just a moment almost losing her composure . 
 it was in that moment that she realized how deeply her affections were for paris . 
 she was willing to help a human , just to help him . 
 `` but there is one that does , '' athena said , coming to the heady reality that paris must be in love with zoe if he was willing to risk his own life in a hopeless attempt to save her . 
 there was nothing these people could do to help . 
 knowing about zoe 's background could n't possibly help them against the power of the council . 
 learning she was a priestess had only made her more of a target for the hunters . 
 `` can they really help her ? '' 
 the woman asked , shaking her head in doubt . 
 athena could feel the surrender in her aura . 
 it sickened her . 
 `` if anyone could , '' athena said , standing from the couch to settle her stomach , `` it would be paris . '' 
 `` there is a book , '' the woman said , snapping suddenly out of her sadness . 
 she darted into the other room without another word . 
 athena could hear her shuffling around somewhere in the house , and she returned a short moment later with a small , cloth covered parcel in her hand . 
 `` my husband was insistent that i keep this from her , '' she said , pulling a book free from the fabric , pushing it out to athena . 
 `` he called it the ` book of names ' once ... but i 've never been able to see anything but blank pages . 
 concern shot through athena . 
 the woman had no idea what she was handing athena , the power behind such an artifact in the right hands was unimaginable . 
 she had to give it up to paris . 
 zoe 's family apparently did have something that could help them . 
 she reached out for the book , eager to obtain such power , her subconscious whispering to use it herself . 
 but as soon as she touched the leather cover , pain shot through the tips of her fingers and carried through her body , almost knocking her to the floor . 
 `` perhaps we should keep it covered , '' athena said , taking a couple quick breaths to relieve the pain as she used the fabric to grab the book . 
 this was indeed something that could help save zoe . 
 but was that what athena really wanted to do ? 
 chapter thirty seven `` now , i told you paris , '' jackson said , as he wagged his finger , his eyes squinting . 
 `` i told you not to let this little human obsession interfere with business . '' 
 `` i 'm pleased to see you survived , '' paris said . 
 he allowed the sarcasm to carry in his words . 
 `` you know , '' jackson said . 
 he stuck a hand inside his buttoned blazer . 
 `` i ca n't say i blame you . 
 she is a mighty special little human . '' 
 `` she does n't have to interfere with business , '' paris said , setting his determination to convince himself as much as jackson . 
 `` no ? '' 
 jackson said , his brows shooting up on his forehead . 
 `` why , the entire royal court practically mauled themselves to death . 
 i 'd say that interferes quite a bit . '' 
 jackson 's smile faded . 
 he reached into the pocket of his blazer , pulling out a small metal cigarette box . 
 he retrieved a hand rolled cigarette from it , then returned it to his pocket . 
 `` i 'm going to need your help , '' paris said . 
 `` i can fix this . '' 
 jackson lit his cigarette and took a long drag . 
 he leaned against the register counter , kicking one foot behind the other as he just stared back at paris . 
 `` the court , that is , what 's left of it , will never forgive this , '' jackson said , pointing his hand at paris in emphasis of his words . 
 `` i do n't need the court 's forgiveness , '' paris said . 
 `` paris , '' jackson said , shaking his head with a tsk tsk . 
 he looked out the windows of the storefront . 
 he took a slow and measured draw from his cigarette . 
 `` she is a human for crying out loud . '' 
 it was a sentiment that was echoed through every thread of the fabric of his people . 
 for so many centuries they had remained apart from the human race . 
 observing them with a mix of curiosity and disdain , perplexing as they were down right distasteful . 
 paris used to share that sentiment , until zoe came along and screwed it all up . 
 `` she is different , '' paris said . 
 he hung his head , fully aware that his argument would land on deaf ears . 
 `` she is n't like the rest of her kind . '' 
 `` why , i do believe you are in love with her , '' jackson said . 
 he took another drag from the cigarette and let a smile part his lips . 
 `` i do believe so . '' 
 `` do n't be ridiculous , '' paris scoffed . 
 he would not deny that he had been utterly infatuated with the girl . 
 but that was as far as things went . 
 she would always be a source of wonderment , but that was the extent of it . 
 it had to be . 
 `` you do n't know what you are talking about , '' paris said . 
 the notion that he loved anyone , especially a human , was absurd . 
 he knew that . 
 but a creeping doubt about his own assuredness gnawed at the back of his mind . 
 `` i 'm not being ridiculous , '' jackson said . 
 he flicked the ashes of his cigarette on the floor between them . 
 `` i 'm not being ridiculous at all . '' 
 paris had no rebuttal . 
 his behavior certainly indicated that jackson was right . 
 but paris just could n't allow himself to believe such a thing . 
 this thing he felt for zoe , it was lust , it was curiosity , it was desire . 
 but it certainly was n't love . 
 it just could n't be . 
 `` once the council finds a way to kill her , '' jackson said , `` we can begin to put this whole mess behind us . '' 
 `` the council will never get their hands on her , '' paris said . 
 his voice rose with the swell of outrage in his chest . 
 he would never turn zoe over to them . 
 `` i wo n't allow it . '' 
 `` why , paris , old friend , '' jackson said , his lips curling upward , `` i do n't believe it is up to you . '' 
 a shiver ran down paris ' spine . 
 `` what have you done ? '' 
 paris spoke through a clenched jaw . 
 he was trying everything he could to keep his composure steady , but there was a knot of fear growing in his stomach . 
 `` over all these centuries , '' jackson said , exaggerating his words , `` i have come to know you , paris . 
 i know how you conduct business . 
 i know how you close a deal . 
 and , most importantly , i know where you like to hide things . 
 yes , i do . '' 
 paris had jackson by the throat and against the closest wall before another heartbeat thumped . 
 jackson dangled helplessly in his grip , his cigarette falling from his fingers to the floor . 
 `` you set me up ? '' 
 paris demanded , flexing his fingers , preparing to crush the bones beneath them . 
 he should have known . 
 a client suddenly offering up his soul was just too good to be true . 
 he should have seen it for what it was . 
 a trap . 
 `` you left me no choice , '' jackson choked his words out . 
 paris threw him aside . 
 he would n't kill jackson , but he would never speak to him again . 
 the ties were cut as far as paris was concerned . 
 `` you can try to run to her , '' jackson said , feeling at his throat , `` but the hunters probably already have her . '' 
 chapter thirty eight paris returned to an empty house . 
 there was no sign of a struggle . 
 only a single book , left carelessly open on the floor . 
 that was all the sign he needed . 
 the hunters were swift . 
 they struck to kill . 
 he could feel his heart pumping faster and weaker all at the same time . 
 he could smell no blood . 
 perhaps she was still alive . 
 for centuries , he had been able to ward his home from invaders . 
 he diligently secured every inch of it from the prying eyes of the royal court . 
 but in one moment of rushed judgment , he had broken his own rules and let a client in . 
 paris would deal with that human later for his gross betrayal , but now he needed to find zoe . 
 it was entirely his fault . 
 he understood that very well . 
 if he had just left her alone , she would n't be in this trouble . 
 he had to think of something . 
 he could n't let her suffer this punishment because of his actions . 
 `` we do n't have to do this , '' athena said , appearing in his home . 
 `` we can just let the council -- `` `` no , '' paris said . 
 he would n't even entertain the idea . 
 `` i thought it was worth suggesting , '' athena said with a shrug of her shoulders . 
 she was eyeing paris in a peculiar way , sizing him up as she pondered an unspoken question . 
 he looked away from her inquisitive stare . 
 paris was lost in his own thoughts . 
 something was n't making sense . 
 jackson did n't have the kind of power to do the things he was doing . 
 even if he knew the location of his home , he did n't have the power to remove the warding on his own . 
 there was someone backing him , someone very powerful . 
 paris knew exactly who it was . 
 `` what did you find ? '' 
 paris asked . 
 his mouth asked the question , but his mind doubted the answer would help much . 
 athena did n't answer immediately . 
 paris looked up at her . 
 her fiery hair framed the pale skin of her face as she looked at the floor . 
 paris knew how she felt about him . 
 in another life , he could see a good match there . 
 but from the moment paris laid eyes on zoe , he had never even thought of another . 
 unfortunately , he knew he could n't have her . 
 if they managed to get through this alive , there was only one thing he could do . 
 he had to let zoe go . 
 `` i have not forgotten the proposal , '' paris said , his voice softer than usual . 
 athena 's eyes shot to him , hopeful and sad at the same time . 
 `` i would not hold you to such a thing , '' she said , looking away again , `` knowing what i know now . '' 
 paris could hear the disappointment behind her words . 
 athena was a strong , proud demoness who had worked hard and earned her title . 
 paris respected her immensely for that , and he should be far more interested in her than he was . 
 he moved quickly to her side , grabbing her hands in his , and pulling her closer to him , forcing her to look up at him . 
 `` paris , '' she said , her voice pleading as she tried to resist his embrace . 
 he felt a crushing guilt in his chest as he forced her closer , her body soon submitting to his touch . 
 he held her like he wanted to hold zoe . 
 athena leaned her head back , looking up at him with a deep longing in her eyes . 
 there were words hanging off her lips , but paris did n't give her time to speak them . 
 he kissed her , his hands wrapped passionately in her hair . 
 she put up minimal resistance , quickly relaxing into his kiss . 
 paris went through all the motions , ones he had gone through a thousand times , with a hundred eager courtiers , but his desire was missing . 
 he felt empty inside . 
 he had made a promise to athena and as much as it shattered his own stone heart , he had to keep that promise . 
 it was the only prayer of hope that zoe had , and he would lay down his own desire a thousand times just to save her . 
 paris let his hands travel down to athena 's ample hips , pulling her even closer . 
 he deepened the kiss , plunging his tongue into her mouth and tasting her . 
 athena was an attractive creature , with all the pleasures any male would enjoy , but she still could n't compare to the tingle of electricity that came with the forbidden touch of zoe . 
 `` stop , '' athena tore away from the kiss . 
 paris could only force himself so far , and it was sorely obvious that he was not interested . 
 `` i do n't need you to pretend with me . '' 
 paris dropped his hand to his side as she pulled away from him . 
 she wiped at her lips and took a moment to compose herself . 
 in spite of her refusal , paris could sense the arousal in her aura . 
 he felt even worse that he could not respond the way he knew he should be able to . 
 `` here , '' athena said , producing a flat rectangular object wrapped in an old blue cloth . 
 she held it out to him . 
 `` her mother called this ` the book of names ' . '' 
 `` is that ... '' paris looked from the book to athena , `` the book of names ? '' 
 `` i believe it is , '' athena said . 
 her hand shook a tiny bit , as if the book had suddenly become too heavy for her to hold . 
 paris reached out for the book , his hand moving in slow motion as he realized the implications . 
 `` do you think she can read it ? '' 
 he asked , his voice barely more than a whisper as if he was afraid she would say no . 
 `` i think we both know the answer to that , '' athena said . 
 her confirmation finally gave paris a feeling of hope . 
 if it was indeed the book he thought it to be , zoe would be saved . 
 athena yanked it back before his fingers could grab it . 
 `` all of our names , '' she said , her eyes narrowing on paris . 
 `` she will be able to read them all . '' 
 `` if the legends are true , '' paris said , with a confirming nod . 
 it was something that haunted his people for as long as paris had memories . 
 a book , with every true name of every demon that ever existed . 
 `` and you want to just hand that power over to a human , '' athena said . 
 `` she is different , '' paris said , `` you know that . 
 this is how it has to be . '' 
 athena hesitated , clutching the book to her chest . 
 her eyes bore into paris as she fought with herself for a resolution . 
 paris gave her the moment to consider it . 
 he knew what he was asking of her . 
 to hand over so much power was not an easy thing to do . 
 `` i promised i would help you , '' athena said finally , `` and i will . 
 because even though i know you will never love me , i have always loved you . '' 
 paris knew that empty words of comfort would not be welcome . 
 the best course of action was to just leave things the way they lay . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 paris asked , noting the hour of dusk quickly approaching . 
 he did n't want to drag things out any longer than necessary . 
 `` i doubt this will even work , '' athena said , `` but i 'm ready . '' 
 `` do you remember the weakness i told you about ? '' 
 paris asked . 
 `` i can handle jackson , '' athena said . 
 `` you just try not to die before i can give the girl this book . '' 
 chapter thirty nine zoe paced , the worn-smooth stone floor like a sheet of ice beneath her feet . 
 her stomach grumbled . 
 she was n't sure what had happened . 
 one moment , she was reading from a book in paris ' home . 
 the next , she was thrown in here . 
 a room with nothing . 
 no windows . 
 no doors . 
 just utter darkness and cold stone surrounding her . 
 the thought that paris had somehow betrayed her had crossed her mind more than once , and as time slowly ticked by , she became more certain that is what must have happened . 
 she stopped in a corner and slid her back down the wall , bringing her knees into her chest . 
 the buzz of silence filled her ears . 
 she felt like she was spinning . 
 a light snapped on . 
 zoe shielded her eyes , the sudden intrusion burning them after such absolute darkness . 
 her eyes began to adjust and she forced past the residual pain to take in the room . 
 she looked up into the cold blue stare of a strange creature , with skin so pale and thin it looked like it was made of rice paper . 
 but most disturbing , he had no lips . 
 just bare skin where a mouth should be . 
 before zoe had time to resist , his fingers had clamped down on her shoulder and she was jarred out of her cell . 
 when she regained her composure , she saw a demon sitting in an armchair , with a cigar burning in one hand , and a glass of some brown liquid on the side table next to him . 
 `` ms. zoe , '' he said , his words instantly disarming . 
 he had a charming smile on his aged , but still handsome , face and zoe felt a sudden liking to him . 
 almost as if by magic . 
 `` wo n't you please have a seat , '' he said , motioning to an empty chair across from him . 
 she could feel her guard dropping , in spite of the warning howl she could hear in the back of her mind . 
 zoe felt a sudden desire to do anything he asked . 
 her body was so weak from everything she had been through , and her mind just could n't think clearly . 
 she had so many questions rolling in the fog of her consciousness . 
 but all she could do was happily comply . 
 `` can i offer you something to drink ? '' 
 the demon asked as he gestured to a pitcher of water on the table . 
 zoe licked her lips , her tongue so thick with thirst she found she could n't even utter the word ` water ' . 
 `` if i am not mistaken , '' he said , his brow furrowing , `` water is an appropriate beverage for humans . '' 
 `` ye ... yes , '' zoe managed to croak out an answer . 
 she tried to blink away the haze of obedience that had come over her , but it did n't work . 
 he picked up the heavy pitcher and poured it half full with water , holding it out to her . 
 she snatched the glass from him and downed its contents in two large gulps . 
 she pulled the glass back with a heavy sigh , and wiped the remaining moisture from her lips . 
 her tongue darted out to wet them again . 
 zoe sat back in the chair , waiting for him to speak . 
 but he just sat silently , watching her . 
 there was a ghostly polite smile on his lips . 
 his eyes were soft , almost caring . 
 but beneath the charming exterior , something more sinister was hidden . 
 if she tried hard enough , if she just concentrated a little bit , she could feel the darkness that still surrounded her . 
 it was as if she had never left the stone cell . 
 `` why am i here ? '' 
 zoe asked . 
 she made her voice as solid as she could muster , but even she could hear the weakness behind it . 
 `` that is a fairly ambiguous question , '' he said . 
 he leaned back in his chair and considered zoe for a moment before continuing . 
 `` then let me ask you a less ambiguous question , '' she said , her mind starting to come back to her . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 `` you may address me as lord riyad , '' he said , with a small flip of his wrist . 
 `` i am a very good friend of lord paris . '' 
 the way he said the last part was especially unnerving . 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 zoe asked , growing bolder as he seemed to be cooperating with her . 
 `` why have i been brought here ? '' 
 `` you are in the custody of the council because you have committed a grave offense , '' he said . 
 his smile returned . 
 `` you are in this room because you have piqued my curiosity . '' 
 `` release me or there will be consequences , '' zoe said , hoping the threat would not sound as empty as she knew it was . 
 `` will there ? '' 
 riyad said , laughter echoing his words . 
 he took a long draw from the cigar . 
 zoe could feel her pulse shooting through her fingertips . 
 she could feel it pounding on either side of her throat , rushing her ears , threatening to drown out all other sounds . 
 `` things will go much better for you if you cooperate , '' riyad said . 
 `` i am a very powerful demon . 
 i can make your life much easier . '' 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 zoe said . 
 she narrowed her eyes at him , trying to look menacing . 
 he did n't answer her right away . 
 her heart thumped faster . 
 `` lord paris , '' he said finally , `` there is something unique between you two . '' 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about , '' zoe said , crossing her arms over her chest , the actual truth in those words painful for her to think about . 
 `` i never would have pinned paris for a human lover , '' mateo said , almost musingly . 
 `` but i suppose you never can tell with these things . '' 
 zoe did n't reply . 
 she tried to sit stone still in the chair , not show him any fear , weakness or emotion . 
 she tried to emulate paris , finally understanding why he was so cold , so aloof . 
 he had to be , because this was the world he lived in . 
 it became increasingly difficult not to shift her position uncomfortably as riyad 's eyes bore steadily through her . 
 `` he is famous , '' he said suddenly , and making zoe even more uneasy . 
 `` mostly for his brutality . 
 to be entirely honest , i did n't know he was capable of love . '' 
 `` the things i have seen him do to your kind , '' riyad said , leaning forward , `` would make your skin crawl , just to hear of them . '' 
 zoe just turned her head away , tried to block out his words . 
 she was n't going to carry on a conversation like this . 
 she did n't care what he had to say about paris . 
 he may be a demon , but zoe knew there was more to him than that . 
 there was something good in him , and it may be lost deep beneath the trappings of his society , but it was in there , begging to get out . 
 she just knew it . 
 `` i remember , '' riyad continued , wagging a thoughtful finger towards her , `` the dark ages of your kind . 
 that was a good time to be a demon . 
 dancing in the streets as the blood pooled between the cobblestone roads of paris . 
 your demon lover is from there , you know . '' 
 `` the reign of terror , '' mateo said , a sick pleasure purring in his words . 
 `` that 's what they called it , and it was all paris ' handy work . '' 
 zoe refused to look at him . 
 she knew he would see the hurt and confusion in her eyes . 
 she wondered , for just a moment , if what he was saying was true , if paris could really do such horrible things . 
 he responded as if he had read her mind . 
 `` lord paris was the sole instigator of it . 
 the entire thing was his idea , '' riyad said , throwing his hands up , his voice carrying amusement . 
 he leaned back in his chair , picking up his glass , swirling the brown liquid before swallowing it down . 
 `` it was amazing to watch him work , playing those humans like puppets . 
 they honestly believed they were killing all those people for the good of their republic . 
 i knew then that paris had real talent . '' 
 `` why are you telling me all of this ? '' 
 zoe asked , finally turning to look at him . 
 she fought to keep the tears from falling . 
 he stood , glaring down at her with heavy disapproval written on his brows . 
 `` i want you to know , ms. zoe , exactly what you have gotten yourself into , '' he said , before he disappeared , leaving her behind in the room . 
 chapter forty paris tried to still the rapid beating of his heart . 
 it felt like a bleeding lump in his chest . 
 he could feel zoe 's aura , somewhere in the palace , terrified and alone . 
 he had to find her . 
 but before he could even begin his search , he felt the hunters . 
 their oppressive presence choked him into stillness . 
 he could n't move , could barely even breath . 
 there was nothing he could do . 
 they appeared silently before him . 
 paris wasted no time in attacking . 
 he struck . 
 it was a measured blow to the nearest hunter . 
 his punch met with little resistance and the creature went flying across the room . 
 paris had no delusions . 
 he had not landed a good hit . 
 he had only served to make the hunter angry , and it would soon be returning to retaliate . 
 paris had to fight them one on one if he was going to have a chance at winning , which meant he had to get right to fighting the remaining hunter standing next to him . 
 unfortunately , this one had faster reflexes than his partner , and paris felt a crushing numbness smack him in the face . 
 he was on the ground , flat on his back , with an angry hunter staring him down before he knew what had happened . 
 paris leapt off the floor , extending his claws to slice at the hunter . 
 he caught flesh . 
 the dripping wetness of blood filled his grip , but it was only a small scratch , and not enough to stop the next attack from coming . 
 paris felt his own blood spilling out before he even realized he was hit . 
 this fight had been over from the beginning . 
 he could never hold off two hunters . 
 the other hunter now returned to the scuffle , only a breath having passed in his absence . 
 before paris could swing another hit , he was bound from behind with the iron grip of one of the hunters . 
 he did n't even try to struggle . 
 he knew this fight was over . 
 all he could do was be taken into custody , and hope that athena had been able to reach zoe . 
 but the hunters were not making a move . 
 they stood on either side of paris , their lipless faces silent . 
 and then riyad appeared before them . 
 paris had n't even felt the approach of his aura . 
 there was something immediately different about him , but paris could n't quite put his finger on what it was . 
 `` you ? '' 
 paris asked . 
 he fought to hold himself up . 
 `` you called these hunters on me ? '' 
 `` what else would you have me do ? '' 
 riyad said , his eyes shooting pure hatred at paris , `` to a traitor and a human lover ? '' 
 `` i never betrayed you , '' paris said , `` i had no -- `` `` i do n't want to hear your excuses , '' riyad said . 
 `` despite what mateo thinks , we do n't need you . '' 
 riyad circled around paris , the hunters holding him firmly in his place . 
 paris searched his mind for a way out of this . 
 he had known riyad for so many centuries , surely he could think of something to say , something that would get through to him . 
 `` i thought of you like a son , you know , '' riyad said . 
 he came back around to the front , facing paris head on . 
 `` it breaks my heart to have to kill you . '' 
 there was no emotion in his face . 
 no concern in his words . 
 they were n't real , they were only meant to make paris more uncomfortable . 
 `` i thought about allowing the hunters to take care of you , but , '' riyad smiled as his aura began to creep around the room , `` i decided , after all we 've been through , that i should be the one to choke the life out of you . '' 
 the aura snuck up paris ' legs , like tentacles , attaching itself to every cell on his body and squeezing with an iron grip . 
 he tried to fight it , tried to move his arms and legs against the pain that quickly rushed through him , but the hunters held him firmly in place . 
 he could feel the life being extracted from him . 
 there was nothing he could do . 
 he was completely powerless against such strength . 
 his sight slowly faded as death began to take him . 
 `` release lord paris , `` he heard mateo 's voice in the room . 
 riyad 's aura relented and paris could suddenly breath again . 
 a moment of hesitation passed between the hunters before they complied . 
 it took everything he had to stay on his feet . 
 `` lord mateo , '' riyad said , heavy mocking in his voice , `` enjoy that title while you still have it . '' 
 `` you will pay for your crimes , '' mateo said . 
 his voice was stern , disapproving , bored . 
 as if he was a father tired of his son 's antics . 
 `` we 'll see about that , '' riyad said . 
 he rolled up a sleeve , slowly , taking care not to wrinkle his shirt too much in the process . 
 `` shall we just have it out right here ? '' 
 `` i suppose you would like that , '' mateo said . 
 his eyes shifted onto paris . 
 he stood , silently considered his options . 
 `` not quite yet , '' he said finally , looking back at riyad . 
 `` i 've got your little human friend , '' riyad said his gaze turning on paris , a laugh echoing his words , `` so do n't run too far . '' 
 before paris had time to respond or resist mateo had taken him from the room . 
 chapter forty one athena 's pulse was threatening to race , but she refused to allow it . 
 the palace , usually bustling with courtiers , was eerily vacant . 
 she could not sense another aura in the entire place , not even the grand elder 's . 
 all the times she had ever been here she could feel the presence of the grand elder , hanging over them all like a warm blanket . 
 but now it was gone . 
 she had to find the priestess as quickly as she could . 
 the palace would likely not remain empty for very long . 
 she started by looking in the dungeons . 
 there were n't many prisoners . 
 the royal court was swift with it 's prosecution and punishment . 
 the few that remained had been stripped of all power . 
 they would be of no use to her . 
 the human was n't there . 
 athena concentrated on her aura , the heady aroma of her natural being . 
 but there was nothing there . 
 as far as she tried to search , she felt nothing . 
 athena looked at the little cloth package in her hand . 
 there was n't a guarantee that the girl could read the book , or that there were even words hidden on the page . 
 she could leave now , escape suspicion and persecution in the event they failed . 
 because they would fail . 
 she had known that from the beginning . 
 for so long , athena had coveted paris ' affections . 
 he was the most eligible bachelor in all the court . 
 every demoness coveted him . 
 athena was n't born of nobility like most of the court . 
 she never thought paris had even noticed her , until he showed up in her home and proposed mating . 
 she would do anything to reach that dream . 
 there were only a small number of places the priestess could be . 
 athena clutched the book tightly . 
 her senses began to tingle . 
 she felt jackson 's aura . 
 but something was wrong . 
 it was strong , unusually so , and it was right behind her . 
 she whirled around to face him . 
 `` how did you get here so quickly ? '' 
 she demanded , unable to hide her shock . 
 there was no way he could have approached her , or been following her without her sensing his approach . 
 she was far older and far more powerful than him . 
 `` i could ask you why you are here , '' jackson said , circling her with a predatory gleam in his eyes , `` but i already know why . '' 
 his aura had changed . 
 it was powerful . 
 there was someone else helping him . 
 someone very powerful . 
 there were only a handful of demons that it could be , only a few could support that kind of power transfer . 
 could it be paris ? 
 could he have betrayed her ? 
 he certainly had the power , and jackson had been his lapdog for centuries . 
 the thought nearly made her heart skip . 
 but it did n't make any sense . 
 it was someone else . 
 `` jackson , '' athena said , composing herself . 
 `` who 's ass are you licking now ? '' 
 `` did you think you would just waltz in here , '' jackson said , stopping in front of her , `` and give the girl that book ? 
 like we would just let that happen ? '' 
 `` honestly , '' athena said , `` i did . '' 
 she squared her shoulders with jackson . 
 even with his newfound powers , she could easily take him . 
 she began to call up her aura , the ancient power that she had carried and nursed for so many centuries . 
 `` he does n't love you , '' jackson said . 
 his lips twitched , threatening to break open into a full smile . 
 `` he never has and he never will . '' 
 `` the same goes for you , '' athena said , shrugging off the hurt the words had immediately brought and throwing them back at jackson . 
 it was well known in the court how jackson had pined over paris for centuries . 
 in fact , there were n't many courtiers that had n't . 
 `` you do n't know what we had together , '' jackson said . 
 his eyes turned dark , his face a fallen mask of disappointment . 
 `` until that filthy human came along and cast some sort of spell over him . '' 
 athena could see her chance . 
 jackson was lost for just a moment in his despondency . 
 his eyes had slipped away from her . 
 his shoulders slumped slightly . 
 she flexed her claws . 
 she would strike to kill . 
 his eyes suddenly shot back up at her . 
 his attention was once again focused . 
 she had missed a good opportunity . 
 but she would make another one , and this time she would n't miss . 
 `` you are awfully cocky for someone who is about to die , '' jackson said . 
 his voice had taken on a steady , confident quality that made her very uneasy . 
 `` you could n't ... '' athena could n't even get a rebuttal out . 
 searing pain shot into the small of her back . 
 her face contorted at the pain , and she could n't stop her mouth from screaming . 
 her eyes locked onto jackson . 
 it was n't possible for him to move that fast . 
 as she sputtered up blood , looking down to see the clawed hand sticking through her abdomen , she tried to curse her cowardly attacker . 
 her body collapsed to the floor as the hand was withdrawn . 
 she began to quickly bleed out . 
 the pain that wracked her body was rapidly overtaken by a blissful numbness that left her unable to move . 
 only her eyes could gaze up at the demon that had so viciously attacked her from behind . 
 riyad reached down and snatched the book from her hand . 
 `` get the girl , '' he said calmly to jackson . 
 `` mateo wo n't be far behind me . '' 
 chapter forty two paris had only been in mateo 's office a handful of times , usually with riyad , and only ever on matters of the court . 
 the heavy cloak of mateo 's aura permeated every fiber in that space , wrapping itself around paris like a wispy spider 's web . 
 it was enough to downright terrify him . 
 `` have a seat , '' mateo said , sitting behind his desk and gesturing for paris to do the same . 
 paris wanted to resist the command , but he felt the crushing weight of mateo 's powers of compulsion . 
 his legs began to move of their own accord . 
 only his heart moved on it 's own , and it began to race . 
 `` there is no need to be fearful , lord paris , '' mateo said . 
 `` i have always respected you , whatever our personal differences . 
 you are a good agent . 
 no one can deny that . 
 and you have been groomed for higher office your whole life . '' 
 paris tried to move his lips and tongue , but he could n't . 
 he tried with all his might to form words , but all his efforts were futile . 
 he willed his body to move , pushing everything he had into his hands and barely shifting a finger . 
 `` do you wish to talk ? '' 
 mateo asked with a cocked eyebrow . 
 paris felt the grip that held his mouth shut relaxing . 
 `` leave zoe out of this , '' paris said . 
 `` none of this was her fault . '' 
 `` zoe ? '' 
 mateo asked , his eyes widening . 
 paris realized only too late how obvious the emotion behind his words were . 
 `` you ... care for this creature , '' mateo said . 
 he sat back , examining paris . 
 his clawed finger ran gently across his lower lip . 
 his eyes narrowed on paris . 
 for a long moment , nothing happened . 
 paris could not move , could not speak . 
 only his heart thumped in his chest . 
 `` i could never manage such a thing , '' mateo said finally , shaking his head as if to clear it , `` but the human is not important at the moment . '' 
 paris fought against mateo 's stranglehold , pushing with all the power he could muster to force it out . 
 every muscle in his body was tensed , quickly becoming overexerted as he tried to regain control of his own body . 
 `` relax , '' mateo said , his voice sharp . 
 paris sucked in a heavy breath , finally released from the crushing power that held him . 
 `` they can not , and will not harm the human just yet . '' 
 `` they ? '' 
 paris asked . 
 he could n't keep his shoulders from slumping forward as he continued to take in heavy breaths . 
 `` riyad , '' mateo said , his voice so acidic it almost sizzled as he spoke . 
 he stood from his desk and turned away from paris . 
 `` you should not have fought against my aura so intensely . 
 i need you fresh . '' 
 `` let me go to her , '' paris said . 
 he tried to leave the room , to return to the palace , but mateo still had some hold over him . 
 `` she has the strangest effect on you , '' mateo said . 
 he turned around to face paris , his eyes stern . 
 `` she has apparently stripped away your common sense . 
 riyad will kill you the moment he lays eyes on you . '' 
 `` what do you want with me ? '' 
 paris said , shaking his head . 
 there was no case to be made for him , nothing he could say that would help . 
 he was as good as dead . 
 paris could n't match up to mateo 's immense power . 
 `` though i am loathe to admit it , '' mateo said , `` riyad is more powerful than i , and i can not defeat him on my own . '' 
 paris thought he had heard wrong . 
 his entire being was so concentrated on zoe , that he had n't even considered the repercussions that were rippling through the court . 
 he felt like he had just been yanked back home from a distant world in which he remembered nothing of his old self . 
 `` the grand elder , '' paris said , suddenly noticing the absence of the presence that paris had felt since the moment he was brought into existence . 
 a chill worked its way through paris . 
 `` riyad , '' mateo said . 
 `` as soon as he learned of the human 's abilities , he poisoned our king . '' 
 `` but ... '' paris said , shaking his head as he tried to understand . 
 `` there was no succession ceremony . 
 all the power of our ancestors ... lost . 
 surely riyad would not sacrifice -- `` `` with that book athena was able to locate , '' mateo said , `` and the girl to read from , that 's all he needed . 
 he can gain more power through her than by becoming the grand elder . '' 
 `` what are you suggesting ? '' 
 paris asked . 
 he would n't waste words asking how mateo even knew about the book . 
 it meant that athena was likely dead , and zoe 's time was running short . 
 he did n't care about the petty details right now . 
 all he cared about was saving zoe . 
 chapter forty three the days and hours had begun to blur together for zoe . 
 she reasoned it had been days since she had been given food . 
 her body was so weak , but her mind was surprisingly sharp . 
 she had given up on paris coming to rescue her . 
 she could n't blame him . 
 it was all her fault . 
 she offered him the contract . 
 she tried to use a binding spell on him . 
 this was her punishment for being so impetuous . 
 as her mind went deeper and deeper into despair , a familiar face appeared before her . 
 he had a grin on his face , as he looked down at her . 
 `` it 's time you come with me now , '' jackson said , his southern drawl making the words feel even sicker to zoe . 
 there was something different about him from the last time she saw him . 
 his entire disposition had shifted . 
 she could feel the power radiating from him . 
 `` where is paris ? '' 
 she asked . 
 jackson shook his head . 
 her heart fell out of her stomach and onto the floor . 
 `` is he alright ? '' 
 she asked , feeling more and more uneasy . 
 he was quiet , as if he was thinking about his answer very carefully . 
 with every passing second zoe grew more and more anxious . 
 `` ' alright ' is a matter of perspective , '' jackson said . 
 he puckered his lips . 
 `` he 's alive ... for the moment . '' 
 `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 zoe asked . 
 `` we could have been so great together , '' he said . 
 his eyes narrowed on zoe . 
 `` i will never know why he would throw everything away for a wispy creature like you . '' 
 zoe understood . 
 she should have seen it sooner . 
 paris was such a charismatic character . 
 he drew attention , and desire . 
 zoe had felt the overwhelming attraction first hand . 
 jackson thought of himself as more than just a partner to paris . 
 he was in love with him . 
 `` killing me wo n't make him love you back , '' she said , the calmness in her voice surprising her as much as jackson . 
 he took a step back from her , his eyes flashing with a moment of shock , then turning cold and angry . 
 `` we are past that now , '' jackson said , regaining his composure . 
 `` paris did what he thought he needed to . 
 and i can respect that . 
 now , i must do what i need to do . '' 
 he reached out to grab her . 
 zoe tried to dart away from him , but there was nowhere to run . 
 his body slammed into hers , his speed nearly breaking her neck and she collapsed to the floor , pain jolting into her bones in multiple places . 
 `` i ca n't kill you just yet , '' jackson said , looming over her , `` but when the time comes , i 'm going to enjoy hearing you scream . '' 
 his fingers clamped around the thick of her arm , squeezing unnecessarily tight . 
 zoe felt the nauseating sensation of being dragged through space at a rapid speed . 
 she got her bearings and took in the room they were now in . 
 riyad stood before them , a scowl on his face . 
 zoe swallowed hard . 
 her stomach churned when she tried to look him in the eyes . 
 jackson tossed zoe at his feet like she was made of rags . 
 zoe tried to pick herself up off the floor , tried to scoot away from the terrifying demon that loomed above her , but she could n't move . 
 she was frozen in place . 
 `` mateo will be here shortly , '' riyad said , his eyes focused on zoe . 
 she could feel a presence in the room . 
 it felt so familiar . 
 it felt like home . 
 bad memories rushed her and she shook her head clear . 
 now was not the time for her to dwell on the past . 
 she shrugged off the feeling . 
 `` i hate to be a pest , '' jackson said , `` but how do you know she wo n't just read our names ? '' 
 riyad looked up at jackson slowly . 
 he stared silently at him for just a moment before his eyes shifted back onto zoe . 
 he reached out to her , his fingers hooking under her chin . 
 she yanked her face away from his grasp . 
 a smile crossed his lips . 
 `` i 'm sure i can find something to motivate her , '' he said , his words were soft , spoken more to zoe than to jackson . 
 she could n't stop her body from shuddering in response . 
 `` i would never help you , '' zoe said . 
 she spit the words as angrily as she could muster and glared up at riyad with her lips pulled tight . 
 he straightened his back . 
 `` you will help me , '' he said , raising his eyebrows . 
 he held up a rectangular cloth package . 
 `` you will read me the names on these pages . '' 
 zoe had never felt such darkness in all her life . 
 his words lodged themselves in her ears , scratched their way into her brain . 
 all other thoughts were blocked out . 
 she felt the pounding of her heart against her ribcage . 
 she clenched her jaw against the soul shattering fear that he had invoked . 
 the words were spoken with little emotion , yet the threat behind them was clear . 
 just when she thought she would explode with the pressure that had worked its way into her head , her eyes landed on a sight that made her heart leap . 
 paris . 
 he came for her . 
 chapter forty four `` this has been a long time coming , '' riyad said , as he turned away from the human to face mateo . 
 the words he spoke were true , though mateo was still not entirely prepared for this fight . 
 he never would have thought he would be fighting next to paris , of all demons . 
 `` let 's not wait any longer , '' mateo said . 
 he lashed out with his claws . 
 riyad easily dodged the blow , regaining his footing quickly . 
 mateo felt a slicing pain cut into the flesh of his arm . 
 the smell of blood filled the air . 
 his blood . 
 mateo ignored the stinging in his shoulder , and rushed riyad . 
 but he was too eager to feel blood . 
 his opponent easily parried the blow . 
 a hot rush of claws ripped into his chest . 
 he pulled away . 
 blood oozed down mateo 's torso . 
 it was a deep wound , but he would survive it . 
 he pushed the pain away , retaliating the blow quickly with his own attack . 
 he failed to hit his mark . 
 `` if you surrender now , '' riyad said , in the pause between their strikes , `` i will kill you quickly . '' 
 mateo strengthened his stance and accelerated his power . 
 his fingers tightened into a fist . 
 he planted his foot in front of him , his body twisting at the waist . 
 every muscle tensed , pulsing with power . 
 he pulled his hand back , then swung it forward with as much force as he could put behind it . 
 the punch found its mark and knocked riyad 's head back . 
 mateo took the opening , his other hand wrapping around riyad 's throat . 
 he tightened his grip . 
 `` you were always so jealous of me , '' mateo said , leaning in close to him . 
 `` i was never jealous , '' riyad said . 
 he shoved mateo away , sustaining a small scratch on either side of his neck . 
 his eyes burned like two hot coals . 
 `` you took what was mine . '' 
 `` i did what needed to be done , '' mateo said with a shrug . 
 `` do n't get emotional on me now . '' 
 mateo 's cheek stung before he even registered the punch . 
 riyad was even faster than he remembered . 
 before mateo could recover from the first punch , he felt a second land on his other cheek , rapidly followed by another in the center of his face . 
 riyad stepped back . 
 mateo wiped at the blood that trickled down his nose . 
 `` you took her soul , '' riyad said , his teeth clenched tightly . 
 his anger had completely overtaken his aura . 
 `` she did n't deserve it ... she was innocent ... '' his words trailed off , and for a moment it looked like he was going to give up . 
 his shoulders slumped forward and his eyes turned to his feet . 
 but before mateo could make any argument , he felt a crunching punch land in his gut . 
 the wind was knocked right out of his lungs and he stumbled back . 
 he struggled for breath , his chest constricting until it finally opened to allow a rush of air in . 
 he straightened his stance , sucking in a couple quick breaths . 
 `` i did n't force her to sign anything , '' mateo said , his lips forming a smile as he spoke , `` and as i recall , she rather enjoyed laying beneath me . '' 
 riyad 's eyes clouded over with raw hatred . 
 his lips twitched upward in a disgusted growl as the memories of the past came back to him . 
 mateo could feel his control slipping . 
 his mind was being rapidly overtaken by the centuries of hatred and desire for revenge that he had fostered . 
 `` you tricked her , '' riyad growled , his hands clenched into tight fists . 
 `` you only took her because i cared for her . '' 
 `` no , '' mateo said , `` i took her from you because it never would have worked . 
 she was human . 
 we had big plans . 
 she only would have messed that up . '' 
 `` she did n't deserve it , '' riyad said , talking more to his chest than to mateo . 
 `` we could have been together . '' 
 `` well , '' mateo said , pushing against riyad 's aura , `` you can join your human soon , in hell . '' 
 # paris ignored the fighting , his attention squarely on jackson . 
 they had their own score to settle . 
 paris could feel the new power in his aura . 
 it was enough to make him just as powerful as paris . 
 but that did n't mean he knew how to use it . 
 `` so this is how you want things to end ? '' 
 paris said , his attention split between jackson and zoe , who looked too weak to stand . 
 `` no , no , '' jackson said with a sharp shake of his head . 
 `` this is your own fault now , paris . 
 i tried to tell you . 
 now , i did . 
 i really did . '' 
 paris began to release his aura . 
 it was met quickly with jackson 's . 
 but whereas paris ' was calm , calculated , and completely under his control , jackson 's was wild . 
 it burned red hot like an iron in the fire , singeing a path right through paris . 
 it was painful , but paris took the blow . 
 he maintained the calmness of his aura . 
 jackson flashed an impish smirk when he felt his tiny victory . 
 his aura vibrated wildly around the room . 
 paris felt it tickling against his skin , but he still did not allow the power of his own aura to intervene . 
 it would n't be much longer . 
 jackson 's power would be depleted very quickly if he could n't focus it . 
 the smirk faded from jackson 's lips . 
 `` you could barely control the little power you had , '' paris said . 
 `` what makes you think more will help you ? '' 
 jackson hissed angrily at paris . 
 his aura rapidly weakened . 
 paris took the moment to attack . 
 he concentrated the force of his aura and sent it straight for jackson . 
 his hit found its mark and knocked jackson off his feet . 
 it was n't much of an injury , but paris was holding back . 
 he did n't want to kill jackson quite yet , though he easily could have . 
 jackson scrambled to his feet , coughing as the air came back into his lungs . 
 `` why , paris ? '' 
 jackson asked , his words coming out in a pathetic sputter . 
 `` tell me , why ? 
 you throw everything away for her . 
 for a human . '' 
 `` because without her , '' paris said . 
 `` i may as well have nothing . '' 
 `` aw , come now , paris , '' jackson said . 
 he wiped at his lip , regained some of his composure and straightened his clothes with a jerk . 
 his lips were pulled tight in an angry thin line . 
 `` you 've always got me . '' 
 jackson flung himself at paris , his closed fist grazing his cheek . 
 paris grabbed jackson by the wrist before he had time to draw back from the punch . 
 he could see the surprise in jackson 's wide eyes as he pulled him closer . 
 `` i do n't want you , '' paris whispered into jackson 's ear . 
 he pushed him back with a hard shove , deciding not to strike him . 
 # mateo used his aura to quickly heal the gaping wound in his chest . 
 he had to sacrifice some of his power to do it , but he had no choice . 
 he had seriously underestimated riyad . 
 no sooner had the wound closed over , riyad attacked again , aiming for the same spot on his chest . 
 this time , mateo stepped to the side just enough to avoid injury . 
 he grabbed riyad by the collar of his shirt , pushing his head toward the ground . 
 a heartbeat passed . 
 mateo slammed his knee into his chest . 
 he did n't stop with a single hit . 
 his knee pummeled riyad 's ribs as he held him still . 
 every contact reverberated with the snapping crackle of bones breaking . 
 finally , mateo released him . 
 riyad fell to the ground , clutching at his side . 
 `` nearly three thousand years , '' mateo said , his words heavily winded , `` and you are still whining about that stupid girl . '' 
 mateo kicked riyad while he was still trying to pick himself off the ground . 
 `` honestly , '' mateo said , `` i do n't know what you saw in her . 
 she 's barely worth the price i paid for her soul . '' 
 mateo felt the pressure of riyad aura entering him . 
 it was dark , bitter and toxic . 
 the desire for revenge overwhelmed it . 
 the pressure of his essence pushed its way into every vein in mateo 's body , forcing them to near bursting . 
 his eyes slowly blacked over . 
 `` she was mine , '' riyad said . 
 his aura grew stronger . 
 mateo pushed back on it with his own power . 
 riyad stood , straightening his back and with another throb of his aura , healed his ribs . 
 `` no , '' mateo said , taunting him , `` she was mine . 
 and she still is . '' 
 blackness began to close in around mateo . 
 he could smell the metallic aroma of blood . 
 it trickled from his nose . 
 his lungs closed and his aura began to recede . 
 he would n't be able to resist much longer . 
 # paris spared a glance at zoe . 
 she was leaning heavily against the wall for support . 
 he could feel the hunger and exhaustion thick in her aura . 
 he wanted to go to her . 
 to get her out of here and far away , into safety . 
 but he could n't . 
 all he could do was fight for her , and his own life as well . 
 he could feel mateo 's aura fading . 
 this had to end , and quickly . 
 it would be fairly easy for paris to overwhelm jackson with his aura . 
 but paris was thirsty for revenge and he wanted to feel blood dripping down his claws . 
 he moved quicker than jackson could follow , striking him square in the face with a clenched fist . 
 jackson flew back , hitting the wall behind him . 
 but paris did n't give him a chance to hit the floor . 
 his fingers wrapped around jackson 's neck , and paris slammed him repeatedly into the wall . 
 paris released jackson 's limp body , hovering over him as he gasped for breath on the floor . 
 he was going to give him a moment to recover , a moment to allow the pain of injury to subside , then he was going to do it all over again . 
 but jackson recovered quicker than paris was expecting . 
 he leapt off the floor , claws extended . 
 jackson 's blow caught paris on the chin . 
 it tore through the thin flesh of his face . 
 his own blood soaked the front of his shirt . 
 but the injury was only superficial , and before jackson had retreated from the blow , paris grabbed him by the arm and pulled him into a balled fist . 
 the force of the single punch made jackson hit the ground . 
 this time paris was n't going to allow jackson to recover . 
 he was done playing . 
 his aura pulsed and his chin was healed . 
 he pulsed it again , and jackson began to squirm . 
 paris focused the full force of his aura on jackson . 
 it only took a brief moment . 
 jackson cried out . 
 a wimpy , anguished cry . 
 and then he lay still . 
 dead . 
 paris turned around slowly to face riyad . 
 mateo was lying in a heap on the floor , unconscious but still alive . 
 `` i guess it 's just you and me , '' riyad said . 
 there was a strange calm in his voice . 
 a peace that paris had never heard before . 
 `` it does n't need to be like this , '' paris said . 
 he had been focused on jackson , but he was still aware of what had gone on in the room around him . 
 `` you once cared for a human -- `` `` and that is why i know , '' riyad said . 
 he took a step towards zoe . 
 `` it has to be like this , paris . 
 if i could n't have her , neither can you . '' 
 chapter forty five paris put himself between zoe and riyad . 
 he did n't stand a chance and he knew that . 
 but he would die trying to protect zoe . 
 he could hear the steady but rapid thumping of her heart . 
 she was afraid . 
 `` step away , paris , '' ryadd said . 
 his words held compassion . 
 he spoke as if trying to convince an old friend . 
 it threw paris off for a moment . 
 `` i 'll kill her quickly . 
 painlessly . '' 
 paris heard zoe whimper . 
 he smelled the spike of fear in her aura . 
 `` we both know i ca n't do that , '' paris said . 
 his eyes shifted to the crumpled form of mateo and his heart sank a little bit . 
 he had expected the old demon to put up a bit more of a fight . 
 paris forced his fear aside and tried to compose himself . 
 he could n't just allow zoe to die . 
 `` i would rather we both come away from this alive , '' riyad said . 
 `` i 'm going to need you . '' 
 `` forget you ever laid eyes on zoe , '' paris said , knowing full well his proposal would n't be accepted , `` and you have a deal . '' 
 `` in another life , '' riyad said , with a musing smile on his lips , `` i was in your place . '' 
 before paris had time to fully comprehend the words , he felt a heavy weight shifting his body . 
 he hit the far wall with a crack . 
 his lungs slammed shut . 
 paris gasped for air , but nothing would come . 
 he was frozen to the spot , every muscle in his body clenched to a painful exertion . 
 riyad was invading him , slowly killing him . 
 paris fought the crushing aura . 
 he vaguely caught zoe screaming , but his eyes could n't focus on her . 
 he would be dead very soon . 
 then , it stopped , as suddenly as it began . 
 paris was weak . 
 he crumpled to the floor . 
 he had several broken ribs and a broken arm . 
 he could feel his own blood covering him , but there was so much pain he could n't pinpoint the injury . 
 the pain kept him pinned to the floor , barely able to breath . 
 there was no way he could heal himself from this . 
 it was just too much damage . 
 perhaps if he had time , but he did n't have that . 
 riyad turned away from paris . 
 his attention settled on zoe . 
 she took a step back as he took a step towards her . 
 a pit settled in paris ' stomach . 
 he could smell the rank stench of her fear as riyad closed quickly in on her . 
 paris had to get up . 
 had to make his broken body work and try to defend zoe . 
 he slid his legs under him and pushed himself off the ground with great effort . 
 `` i wo n't let you hurt her , '' paris said . 
 he forced his knees to be strong under the crushing weight of his energy . 
 he pulsed his aura , healing some of his more superficial wounds . 
 `` you think you can stop me ? '' 
 he said , turning back to face paris . 
 riyad 's aura snaked around him and clenched tightly . 
 paris felt his ribs begin to crack again . 
 then , the force relented . 
 paris felt the air reentering his lungs . 
 zoe pounced on riyad 's back , pounding with balled fists . 
 with a swift hand , riyad pulled her off and tossed her across the room . 
 she hit the far wall and fell to the floor , laying still . 
 paris did n't have anytime to mourn for zoe , or even wonder if she was still alive . 
 riyad was on him . 
 he was so powerful , so fast . 
 paris took wave after wave of punches , kicks , and gashes . 
 he collapsed on the floor in the momentary respite from riyad 's attacks . 
 paris could n't move . 
 all he could do was look helplessly up at riyad . 
 he reached back , preparing to deliver a deathblow . 
 `` azazel , '' a voice said . 
 it was soft . 
 it floated around the room as if it was a tune in the breeze . 
 riyad was frozen . 
 a pink light surrounded him , growing and pulsating . 
 zoe stood behind him , the book of names in her hands . 
 `` i know your true name , '' zoe said , slamming the book shut and locking eyes with riyad . 
 he howled in outrage , but he could not move . 
 zoe had found his true name . 
 she had complete control over him . 
 he could n't move , could n't attack . 
 a raging fire engulfed his body . 
 `` i command your soul , '' zoe said , spitting the words out with disgust . 
 the ground shook and the air grew hot . 
 `` and you can go to hell . '' 
 riyad shrieked wildly , the sound of his pain agonizing to hear . 
 the flames danced around him as he thrashed about , the tendrils licking the ceiling . 
 the fire burst throughout the room and paris tensed , expecting the touch of the flames to singe him , but he was left unharmed . 
 when the flames cleared , riyad was gone . 
 paris could no longer feel the massive pressure of his aura occupying the room . 
 `` it opened right to the page i needed , '' zoe said as she looked at paris , as if she needed to explain herself . 
 paris could still feel the fright in her aura . 
 `` you and your damned books , '' he said , choking on his words . 
 it was enough to calm her anxiety . 
 her lips parted into a smile . 
 a soft , happy smile of contentment . 
 but before paris could revel in their victory , mateo appeared behind zoe . 
 his blood covered hands wrapped around her head . 
 he snapped her neck with the ease of a skillful assassin . 
 paris could only muster a garbled , blood spackled howl of pure anguish . 
 chapter forty six paris tried to heal himself , sending his aura out around him like a protective shell . 
 his wounds closed and bones began to fuse back together . 
 but he had exerted too much energy to do anything but keep him barely alive . 
 he would be out of energy soon and he would succumb to his injuries . 
 but he did n't care . 
 he pushed all that away and tried to hobble his way to zoe 's lifeless body . 
 `` i did what i had to , '' mateo said . 
 his words were winded . 
 his body was beginning to heal itself from the injuries riyad had inflicted . 
 paris scooped zoe 's lifeless body into his broken arms . 
 he felt the most foreign stinging sensation behind his eyes and he finally knew what the desire to cry felt like . 
 he forced the tears to remain behind his eyes . 
 `` no , '' paris said . 
 his blood dripped onto zoe 's face , but he did n't have the strength to wipe it away . 
 `` she would have killed us all , '' mateo said . 
 `` you saw what she did to riyad . 
 i could not allow her to live . '' 
 paris did n't speak . 
 he could n't even think of words to say . 
 his mind was numb with emotional and physical pain . 
 all he could do was clutch zoe 's body . 
 he fell to his knees . 
 `` no , '' paris managed to choke out . 
 he would never fully understand zoe , or how she had so completely entranced him . 
 paris dealt with humans every day of his long life . 
 but zoe was first one that had seen him exactly as he was , and had n't flinch away from him . 
 `` this is the way things must be , paris , '' mateo said . 
 `` our people have been decimated by this . 
 and i 'm going to need you . 
 the human would only get in the way . '' 
 the logical side of paris ' mind had already worked things out the same way that mateo had . 
 but there was a new side to paris . 
 a side that burned with the agony of his loss . 
 a side that , no matter how much he understood what mateo had done , would never forgive him for killing zoe . 
 paris laid her body carefully down on the floor , his eyes lifting up to mateo . 
 `` you can save her , '' paris said . 
 hope leapt in his chest as mateo did n't instantly refuse . 
 a demon with mateo 's status and power could certainly reanimate the recently deceased with little effort . 
 `` save her and i will do whatever you ask . '' 
 `` no , '' mateo said . 
 he shook his head , his shoulders slumping forward . 
 his voice was firm , yet it lacked harshness . 
 `` i 'm afraid i will not do that , paris . '' 
 `` you can keep the goddamned book , '' paris said , flinging it at him , his anger rising as each second passed . 
 the longer they waited , the harder it would be to bring her back . 
 he could still feel her aura hanging around the room , but it was weakening quickly . 
 `` it 's not the book , '' mateo said , `` it 's the hold she has on you , paris . 
 i can not have a grand elder with a soft spot for a flighty human girl . 
 i 'll allow you to mourn whatever it is this human meant to you . 
 but i expect your cooperation shortly . '' 
 `` no , '' paris said , his determination already set . 
 he knew now what he had to do . 
 never in all his years did he think he would even consider doing such a thing . 
 but he had to save zoe . 
 that 's the only thing that mattered to him now . 
 mateo only wanted paris for the support that his power would lend . 
 `` paris , '' mateo said , his voice rising in concern . 
 `` do not ... '' it was too late . 
 there was nothing mateo could do or say to stop paris . 
 he had already begun the process . 
 he would turn his back on his own people , throw away his title , his riches , his power , everything for zoe . 
 to bring her back from the precipice of passing . 
 paris felt his power draining . 
 it pulled from deep inside his badly injured chest . 
 he howled at the pain , but it continued to pull . 
 the collection of souls that he had spent centuries cultivating , hoarding with a passion , were slowly leaking through his grasp . 
 he would sacrifice all his years to gain her life back . 
 the pain of his injuries increased . 
 his body was suddenly frail , weak . 
 it was a feeling he had never felt before . 
 he felt mortal for once in his supposedly immortal life . 
 he brushed a hand across zoe 's cheek , the movement shooting pain through him . 
 `` you are a fool ! '' 
 mateo said with a hiss . 
 paris could barely feel the pressure of mateo 's aura . 
 his senses were so dulled with the sudden shift of his power . 
 for a moment , paris tensed , waiting for mateo to strike him . 
 but the blow never came . 
 instead , mateo disappeared , leaving paris alone with zoe 's rapidly chilling body . 
 paris waited for what seemed like an eternity . 
 waiting for her to breath , move , blink , anything . 
 waiting for the warmth to return to her cheeks . 
 but she remained stiff . 
 he could barely feel her aura now and he knew she was close to passing on entirely . 
 if she did n't want to return , all his power could do nothing to help her . 
 he knew it was a long shot before he had tried it . 
 but if he had to live without zoe , he would rather it be a short life . 
 then he heard it . 
 it was faint . 
 it was only one , but he heard it . 
 a heartbeat , followed quickly by another . 
 then another . 
 he felt the life breathing back into her and his heart skipped a beat , for only the second time in his life . 
 chapter forty seven zoe carefully arranged a bowl of steaming ramen noodles with a spoon , a napkin , and a glass of water on a serving tray . 
 she shuffled into the other room , balancing the tray , to find paris just waking up . 
 his injuries were healing , but very slowly . 
 `` i 'm still a demon , '' paris said , struggling to sit up . 
 `` i do n't require food . '' 
 `` i know . 
 it 's for me , '' zoe said . 
 she smiled broadly at paris as she set the tray down and took a seat beside him on the bed . 
 zoe could n't remember anything that had happened after she banished riyad to hell . 
 paris had told her numerous times , but she still could n't quite grasp the idea that she had died . 
 she certainly did n't feel like she had died . 
 `` paris , '' zoe said . 
 her eyes dropped down to her hands , resting in her lap . 
 she did n't know asking the question made her anxious , but she could n't look at paris . 
 `` you can still take years ? 
 make deals and stuff ? '' 
 `` i retain many of my abilities , '' paris said , cocking his head at her question . 
 `` but my years will be that of a normal human life span . '' 
 his voice was low , and zoe caught the sadness in it . 
 the rare show of emotion made it especially hard for her to stomach the fact that it was all her fault . 
 zoe did n't know what to say . 
 her heart was torn in two directions . 
 she had gotten what she never even knew she wanted . 
 but it came at the expense of everything paris had ever wanted . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' zoe said , shaking her head . 
 `` if i had n't -- `` `` stop , '' paris said , his finger forcing her lips to stop speaking . 
 `` you are safe now . 
 that is all that matters to me . '' 
 her heart pumped a little faster . 
 she could feel the blood rushing to her cheeks . 
 for once in her life , she felt like she could finally breath . 
 `` you 're certain mateo wo n't come back for me ? '' 
 zoe asked , still afraid to bask in her happiness . 
 `` i no longer mean anything to him , '' paris said , `` he has far larger concerns . 
 besides , if he ever does come back , you have the book . '' 
 zoe had been able to find riyad 's true name so easily . 
 all she had to do was little more than wish for his name to appear , and there it was , on the page like magic . 
 but she had since tried to read it again , and found it a bit more difficult . 
 the names that appeared were mostly too blurry to read . 
 it hurt her eyes to look at the pages . 
 zoe shook her head . 
 `` were you able to read any other names ? '' 
 paris asked . 
 the question was a simple one , deceptively straightforward . 
 but zoe knew what paris was really asking her . 
 `` i did n't see your name , '' she said , unable to stop a smirk from parting her lips . 
 she had n't really looked , and at this point , it would n't matter much if she did . 
 she did n't care what his true name was , she would love him forever and a day and nothing could ever change that . 
 paris leaned in closer to her . 
 he brushed back a lock of her hair , getting his lips as close to her ear as he could . 
 he whispered a single word , loud enough only for her to her . 
 his true name . 
 the end authors afterword the sequel for the blood calls is now available for preorder on amazon ! 
 look for the blood burns , official release date march 7th . 
 for more information about other works , release dates , and sequel notifications , please visit my website at www.raqueldove.com 
