 see how she runs book one : the chronicles of izzy michelle graves ********** see how she runs , book one : the chronicals of izzy published by michelle graves copyright © 2013 by michelle graves all rights reserved smashwords edition cover art : syd gill/syd gill designs cover photo : hot damn designs edited by : neeley bratcher editing all rights reserved . 
 without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above , no part of this publication may be reproduced , stored in or introduced into a retrieval system , or transmitted , in any form , or by any means -lrb- electronic , mechanical , photocopying , recording , or otherwise -rrb- without prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book . 
 this is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , places , brands , media and incidents are either the product of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously . 
 the author acknowledges the trademark status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction , which have been used without permission . 
 the publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized , associated with , or sponsored by the trademark owners . 
 published in the united states of america this book is available in ebook format . 
 ********** acknowledgements this book would not have been possible without the help of some very dear friends . 
 regina and wendy , the two of you listened to me endlessly ramble about make believe people for months . 
 you were there to help me when i got stuck and made me believe that i could finish this . 
 the two of you were able to look past all of the typos and see the real story . 
 i will never be able to thank you enough . 
 without the two of you , this never would have been completed . 
 i love your faces . 
 i want to thank my parents who always encouraged me to be myself , even if that self was a completely weirdo . 
 to my daughter , who always helps me see the bright side of things , i hope you never lose your optimism . 
 to my husband , my life would not be the beautiful journey it is without you . 
 you sir , are the very best thing that ever happened to me . 
 i want to thank two of the most amazing teachers a person could have ever have . 
 melanie hazen and maria uffelman , the two of you taught me the love of literature . 
 because of that , i am forever indebted . 
 oh and to ms. uff , your do n't use ` you ' speech has stuck with me all of these years . 
 to belinda boring and lacey weatherford , thank you for helping me when i felt like i was drowning the endless messages will slow down eventually , i promise . 
 to ali , my friend from down under , your enthusiasm and love of kennan and izzy drive me to be a better writer . 
 to charissa , dianne , and susan thank you for supporting me even in the early days . 
 without having read a sample of my writing , the three of you believed in me . 
 your faith in me is humbling . 
 to betsy , you are the best kind of fairy godmother ! 
 and thank you , readers , whoever you might be for taking a chance on me . 
 i hope you enjoy the story and love these characters as much as i do . 
 their journey is just beginning and i ca n't wait to see where it will take them . 
 ********** one i dreaded this time of year . 
 the onslaught of memories , painful enough to choke out any happiness , always seemed to pull me out of my typically cheerful normalcy . 
 seventeen years ago , before my life completely changed , i loved it . 
 back then , i was a kid living in la. . 
 no , i do n't mean the one in california . 
 i am talking lower alabama , where i lived in a no name town best known for its peanut and cotton crops . 
 that was all before both of my parents died , leaving me to be shipped off to what i considered siberia , and before grams died . 
 now , this time of year just brought back memories of the things i 've lost . 
 `` izzy , get your head outta your ass and out the door ! '' 
 yelled mike , pulling me from my reverie . 
 `` where am i going this time , mike ? 
 let me guess , the loop , right ? '' 
 i asked him , barely waiting for the answer . 
 `` back to the loop , iz ! 
 do n't complain about the meandering tourists either . 
 you know damn well as i do that most of the big offices are down thattaway . '' 
 mike was a burly man in his late fifties who 'd been raised in tennessee before he joined the navy way back when . 
 so , much like me , he had a lingering accent and a plethora of southern euphemisms . 
 mike might be brusque with the demeanor of a bulldog , but he was always fair . 
 he was sort of my surrogate father . 
 did i mention that i 'm a bike messenger ? 
 or what i like to refer to as an information transference specialist . 
 i spent entirely too much time alone . 
 that combined with an overactive imagination and a general lack of quality sleep proved to be a bad combination . 
 i rushed out the door on my bike to make the pick-up and delivery . 
 our office was conveniently located just outside of the loop . 
 this time of year was the worst for trying to navigate the congested area . 
 the loop was where everything was as far as tourists seem to be concerned . 
 the whole of chicago was amazing to me , but most everyone that came to visit stayed in the loop and on lakeshore . 
 then there were the few boneheads that decided to spend their entire trip on the magnificent mile . 
 do n't get me wrong , at christmas time , i loved the magnificent mile . 
 but why come from hundreds if not thousands of miles away just to shop ? 
 i did n't get it . 
 i got to my destination fairly quick like . 
 it was one of our regular clients , a law office that needed signed papers hand delivered to another law office . 
 `` sign this before my client demands more money and then decides to sue your pants off '' kind of things . 
 i tried to keep my nose out of it . 
 i just plugged in my ear buds and listened to whatever music fit my mood at the moment . 
 after the pick-up from sherrie , my all-time fave secretary , i headed down another couple of blocks to the package 's destination . 
 two blocks ! 
 seemed like they could walk the durn thing down themselves . 
 i guess if they did that , i would n't have a job though . 
 i locked my bike up to the nearest pole and headed into the behemoth of a building . 
 it had recently been bought by some foreign company and we 'd just started transferring information for them in the past couple of months . 
 typically , i did ’n t care who i delivered to , but this company had some of my fellow couriers talking and that had piqued my curiosity . 
 apparently , the guy at the top of the food chain was a real piece of work . 
 like my grams would 've said , `` it 's none of my never mind . '' 
 i got paid to pedal , and that was it . 
 i hit the button on the elevator and waited for it to make its long ascent . 
 i was n't such a fan of elevators , or closed spaces for that matter . 
 i looked down at the package . 
 figured , my delivery was at the very top of the building . 
 i sucked it up as the elevator `` dinged '' and the doors closed announcing my impending doom . 
 after enough stops to almost throw me into a full on panic attack , the elevator finally made it to the top . 
 i stepped out and took my first deep breath in what felt like an eternity . 
 i quickly composed myself and made my way over to the reception desk . 
 `` hello dear , could you hold on just one second ? '' 
 asked the cheery receptionist . 
 i could n't help but notice her bright red suit that stood out in stark contrast to the bleak black and white décor . 
 she finished her conversation turning her attention my way once more . 
 `` alright love , what can i help you with ? '' 
 she asked , with a slight british lilt to her voice . 
 `` i 'm here to deliver a package to , '' i had to look down to get the name right , `` one mr. xavier xander . '' 
 yeah , i wished i was kidding . 
 what kind of a name was that anyway ? 
 and why not just spell it with z 's if that was how it was to be pronounced . 
 then again , i had no room to talk . 
 my parents did n't name me isabelle . 
 they named me izzy . 
 i guess i could n't blame him for his parent 's lame name choice . 
 `` go right in . 
 he 's been expecting the package and is anxious to get it back before closing time today . '' 
 she smiled amiably before hitting some button that allowed me to go through the giant doors . 
 i half expected there to be a sign saying , `` abandon all hope , ye who enter here . '' 
 i stepped through the doors and my eyes were greeted with more black on white . 
 or was it white on black ? 
 hm . 
 were there more black things or white things in the room ? 
 this place was as uninviting as a party at the local coroner 's office . 
 there was something decidedly cold and menacing about it that gave credence to the rumors . 
 i approached the desk with trepidation as the chair started to turn in my direction . 
 i was almost afraid that someone would start bellowing , `` who dareth disturb me in my domain ? '' 
 i really needed to get my overactive imagination under control . 
 my curiosity was piqued by what sort of person would enjoy such a sterile environment . 
 as the chair finally came to rest facing my direction , my jaw dropped . 
 a god , or perhaps he was a demigod , sat in the chair . 
 the man made drop dead gorgeous look straight , street urchin . 
 he was all broad shoulders and carefully contained menace . 
 his face was like that of a greek statue , made up of hard lines and severe angles . 
 he had dark mediterranean features and seemed to be all of thirty five , if that . 
 he raised his dark , almost black eyes to me and flicked an eyebrow up in question . 
 `` may i help you ? 
 i do n't have all day for you to stand there gawking you know . '' 
 his voice resonated somewhere deep inside me , stirring something ancient . 
 it was yelling for me to beware of this man but compelled me to come closer all the same . 
 i finally got a grip on my internal insanity and silently approached his desk with the envelope outstretched . 
 he gave me a once over and began talking in a voice that seemed to echo and fill every corner of my soul . 
 `` what 's your name ? 
 you are n't one of the normal people they send . '' 
 his voice sent tremors down my spine . 
 he kept looking down his nose at me as if i were something disgusting he stepped in out on the street . 
 i suddenly had to reign in my auburn-haired temper . 
 i was used to politeness from most midwesterners . 
 it was n't quite like the southern charm i was raised on , but it was certainly better than mister snippy pants here . 
 plastering on the best charming smile i could , i did my best to politely explain ; even if all i wanted to do was throat punch his stupid arrogant self . 
 `` my name is izzy boone , sir . 
 this is n't one of my normal runs , but most of the other couriers were busy when the call came in . 
 i apologize if it is an inconvenience to you . 
 i hope that the delivery is still up to your satisfaction . '' 
 there , the official line of the company had been spouted and i did n't have to speak anymore . 
 `` not an inconvenience . 
 actually , you arrived much faster than the others have in the past , '' he said , raisinghimself out of the chair to his full height of six foot seven . 
 i craned my neck up at him . 
 i stood at about five six , five seven on a good day , but this man was almost as tall as the building itself and just as imposing . 
 sheesh . 
 he gently took the package out of my hands , brushing my fingers in the process . 
 something in his countenance suddenly shifted . 
 he looked at me as though i were the answer to some great mystery . 
 i was becoming more and more unnerved as the seconds passed . 
 i felt as though someone were in my head yelling at me to run . 
 i wanted to get out of there . 
 `` listen , '' he said slowly , `` please allow me to apologize for my rude behavior . 
 it is unpardonable and unprovoked . 
 i 've had a rough day and i took that out on you . 
 now , if you do n't mind , i 'm going to sign these quickly and let you get back on your way , miss boone . '' 
 the way he said my name was like taking a sip of hot cocoa on a freezing day . 
 i had no idea what had sparked his sudden change . 
 to be quite frank , the whole situation was giving me a migraine . 
 i just wanted to get this delivery over with so i could go home and continue my moping about the suckage that was this time of year . 
 mr. xander finished signing the papers in record time and handed them back to me with a knowing twinkle in his eye . 
 `` i hope to see you again miss boone , and i hope that in the future you wo n't judge me based upon your undoubtedly unfavorable first impression . '' 
 with that i was unceremoniously booted from the office to plummet to the bottom of the building in my own personal death box from hell , the elevator . 
 i got back to the law office and returned the documents . 
 having fulfilled the delivery , i hopped on my trusty , or rather rusty , steed and headed back to the office . 
 ********** two i instantly headed into mike 's office , trying to come up with a reasonable explanation as to why i should never make that delivery again . 
 the entire time i ranted , mike was getting more and more amused . 
 something told me i was n't going to like the next words out of his mouth . 
 `` funny you should say anything , darlin ' . 
 he seems to be quite taken with you . 
 in fact , he says he will pay double the service fee to guarantee that you 're the only courier to bring his documents from now on . '' 
 i could just see the dollar signs tap dancing behind mike 's eyes . 
 my hackles were raised and there was no repressing my temper . 
 `` cheese on a cracker , are you seriously going to pimp me out to this man ? 
 he gives me a royal case of the heebie jeebies . 
 not to mention he is like the poster child for bi-polarity . 
 are you telling me i am now the designated step and fetch for that man ? 
 did you agree to this ? '' 
 the rage building inside me was about to make me explode . 
 meanwhile , mike was about to pee his pants laughing at my outburst . 
 `` while the money is tempting , doll , you know i do n't do designated runs for anyone . 
 i told him that if he wanted to continue using our service i would provide any available courier to get the job done as quickly as possible , but that if you were available i would send you . 
 he seemed to accept that little scrap i threw his way . 
 i 'm not going to have one of my best couriers waiting around just in case he needs a document pronto . 
 no worries . 
 now go home before i have to pay your skinny little ass overtime . '' 
 that , in a nutshell , was the way i knew mike loved me . 
 i made it back to my grandmother 's old house around seven . 
 she left me everything when she passed away . 
 the house itself was two stories and sat on a street where most of the houses had been converted into apartments . 
 grams liked her house whole and so did i . 
 what i did n't like was having to pay the ridiculous property taxes all on my lonesome every year . 
 so , i took in a roommate about a month after she passed . 
 plus , the house was just too dang quiet with no one else there . 
 i 'd known kennan , or as everyone lovingly called him k.o. , almost as long as my grams had been with our maker . 
 i started going down the way to a pub several nights a week just to escape the quiet of the old brick house . 
 he just happened to bartend there five nights a week and thus we became quickly acquainted . 
 one night he mentioned that his roommate was getting married and he needed to find some new digs and quick . 
 the cartoon light over my head clicked on and i thought , ` i have a giant house , why not ? ' 
 it had been awesome ever since . 
 granted , we worked opposite schedules , but when we were both off we were dang near inseparable . 
 he was wicked awesome in a completely platonic sort of way . 
 as soon as i stepped inside , i was assaulted by the best smelling thing i 'd encountered all day ; deep dish pepperoni pizza . 
 i was in love . 
 with my nose leading me into the kitchen like some ridiculous cartoon character , i ran smack into the chest of one kennan o’malley . 
 he was about six foot three and built like a thick irish boxer ; barrel chested with thick muscular arms that stood out against his narrow waist and thick legs . 
 according to his driver 's license , he was almost thirty-three . 
 i 'd snuck it out of his wallet one night to check . 
 i supposed most girls thought he was alarmingly handsome with his smiling blue eyes and jet black hair . 
 hence the nick name , k.o. , as in knock out . 
 but he was kennan to me ; trusty roommate , confidant , and purveyor of drink . 
 he snickered at me and steadied my shoulders with his large , beer-opening calloused hands . 
 `` let me guess , iz , you smelled the food ? '' 
 his deep voice rumbled through him and there always seemed to be just a bit of laughter in everything he said . 
 he was like a jolly trickster leprechaun guarding his pot of gold . 
 yeah , if only i 'd known about his practical joke streak before he moved in . 
 `` hey , do n't judge , i had to skip lunch today . 
 and besides , you know that is my favorite . 
 please tell me you saved me at least one piece . 
 if not , the cheese stuck to the box will have to do . '' 
 even to my own ears i sounded pathetic . 
 if he did n't feed me half the time , i did n't think i would eat . 
 `` i got two pizzas , red . 
 you know i would n't let my favorite girl go hungry . 
 anyway , i 'm out the door to work . 
 see ya on the flip side , homey . '' 
 he leaned down and kissed me on top of my head , like he had a million times before , and would probably do a million times more . 
 he effectively turned me into someone that must be all of thirteen and not the twenty-five year-old woman i really was . 
 well almost twenty-five , in less than a week . 
 `` you are so not gangster , k.o. , give up while you 're ahead . 
 are you off tomorrow ? 
 we need to veg , and i seriously need to tell you about the creeper new client ! '' 
 i hoped that the desperation in my voice was n't obvious . 
 in reality , kennan was my only real friend . 
 pathetic . 
 i really should get out more . 
 `` come by the bar later and tell me about your creeper . 
 i 'm off tomorrow so we can veg tomorrow night , barring i have any hot dates . '' 
 keenan winked at me and was out the door . 
 i sat on the couch , eating my weight in pizza , debating whether or not i should go down to the pub . 
 it was a tuesday night after all , so they would n't be that busy . 
 after a twenty minute internal debate over the merits of time spent in society versus the comfort of the couch , i decided to suck it up and go . 
 i ran upstairs to take a shower and change into something a bit nicer . 
 not that i was out trolling for guys or anything . 
 but it had been a while . 
 okay , it had been two years since my last real date . 
 ever since grams died , i had n't been asked out once . 
 but who 's counting ? 
 after taking the most amazing shower , i turned on some arcade fire and started getting ready . 
 kennan hated my music , so i took any chance available to blast it while he was n't around . 
 i got to my closet and immediately realized why it 'd been two years since my last date . 
 almost every article hanging within its depths related to practical work purposes . 
 reluctantly , i grabbed a pair of skinny jeans and a tunic style t-shirt . 
 i threw on some mascara and headed to the door to pull on my black knee boots and my jacket . 
 i shuffled out the door with the realization if i did n't up my game , there would be no dates in my future . 
 with a heavy sigh , i locked the door and started to walk the distance between our place and the bar . 
 i did n’tt believe in drinking and biking . 
 i had enough trouble staying on it sober . 
 ********** three when i arrived at the pub , there were only a handful of other people inside . 
 mostly , it was just a group of college hipsters in the corner . 
 no doubt they were discussing what they thought to be the very best in unheard of pretentious music . 
 most likely that discussion would be followed by an in-depth study of the best indian pale ale . 
 sometimes living in this neighborhood was taxing . 
 do n't get me wrong , i loved great music as much as the next person . 
 was it not enough just to enjoy it without being all pretentious about it ? 
 i walked to the bar top and pulled up a stool . 
 fanfreakingtastic , marky was working tonight . 
 he asked me out almost relentlessly . 
 it had been several months since i 'd run into him . 
 truth be told , i 'd been meticulously avoiding him . 
 i know beggars ca n't be choosers , but there was just something about him that made nails on a chalkboard seem more preferable . 
 i guess i had n't disguised the look of dismay on my face , because when i glanced at kennan he was barely containing his laughter . 
 `` hey stranger , it has been a long while since i saw you last . 
 are you just not coming around here these days ? '' 
 marky leaned in entirely to close as he finished . 
 i suppose he was n't bad looking . 
 he was just way too high on the cheese factor for me . 
 kennan knew how much i hated getting into awkward situations , so i knew he did n't tell me about marky working on purpose . 
 he seemed to be getting an awful lot of enjoyment out of my discomfort . 
 that jerk was so going to pay later for this . 
 `` no , i 've just been missing you , i guess . 
 can i have a malibu and coke please ? 
 lots of limes . '' 
 i asked as politely and disengaged as i could . 
 `` hey , did k.o. tell you ? '' 
 i looked at him like i had no idea what he was talking about , which only seemed to encourage him . 
 `` i 'm getting married . 
 tying on the old ball and chain ! '' 
 marky beamed . 
 `` congratulations marky , that is awesome . 
 when 's the big day going to be ? '' 
 i was genuinely curious how five months ago he was single and now he was going to get married , as in , '' ’til death do us part . '' 
 `` oh , we are getting married this weekend . 
 when you know , you just know , you know ? 
 i 'll be right back with your drink chickie . '' 
 and with that he was off . 
 god , that saying annoyed the crap out of me . 
 what did that even mean ? 
 `` when you know , you just know . '' 
 that was such garbage . 
 i was pretty sure it was a lie people told themselves when they were rushing head long into a disaster of a marriage . 
 ugh , maybe i was just a skeptic . 
 or perhaps it was that i actually believed that i needed to know a person really well before i made a promise like until death do us part . 
 i would n't be getting married to anyone anytime soon , mind you . 
 i looked up from tearing the closest coaster apart to find kennan looking down at me . 
 he had my drink in one hand and a cup of limes in the other . 
 have i mentioned his awesomeness ? 
 he eyed me steadily and then started in with the questions . 
 `` so what gives , red ? 
 i thought you would be stoked about our boy marky 's news . 
 you do n't seem interested , so how about we discuss your day ? 
 obviously we are n't that busy so i have a plethora of time for you to regale me with your adventures in bicycling . '' 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i mean , i 'm really happy for him and her whoever she may be . 
 it 's just weird . 
 i feel like everyone around me is going into the mid-twenties , getting married , having kids , buying a house with a white picket fence and i am nowhere even close to that . 
 do you think there is something wrong with me that i do n't even want that right now ? '' 
 i sounded mopey , even to my own ears . 
 it was just so frustrating when everyone looked at me like i was a freak for not wanting those things yet . 
 `` there is nothing wrong with you kid . 
 you just want different things right now . 
 you do n't see me jumping on the marriage bandwagon . 
 heck , i escaped my last apartment so i did n't have to be surrounded by marital bliss . 
 i think that it happens when it happens . 
 not that you just know , but that when it is the right time , you will know it . '' 
 there was something in the way he looked at me that was unnerving . 
 it had been happening with some frequency lately . 
 like always , it passed as quickly as it showed up , leaving me to feel as though i 'd imagined it all . 
 i probably was hallucinating . 
 that seemed to be happening to me more and more lately . 
 `` yeah , but you 're a dude . 
 it 's cool for you to live your bachelor life until whenever you decide to get hitched . 
 i do n't give a rat 's butt what people say about women 's lib , there is still a serious stigma out there . 
 i do n't feel pathetic , but if people keep looking at me with that ` awe that poor girl ' look on their faces , i might start getting a complex . 
 it 's no big thing . 
 do n't worry , i 'm not about to rush out and buy all of the local haagen daz . 
 i wo n't force you to watch pride and prejudice or anything . '' 
 i snickered at the thought of trying to convince him to sit through the entire colin firth version of pride and prejudice , which was my favorite . 
 i could just imagine him literally climbing the walls to escape the torture , full on rock climbing gear and all . 
 sometimes i got these mental pictures that were so clear it was hard to not laugh at them . 
 `` what 's so funny , iz ? '' 
 `` i was just picturing the many way in which you would try to escape the room if i forced you to watch the movie with me . 
 there would definitely be rock climbing gear and wall scaling involved . '' 
 `` you 're one weird chick , you know that ? 
 so , what about the creeper from today ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` i totally almost forgot about that . 
 it was so weird k.o. . 
 so , i go and pick up a package from one of normal firms , and have to hand delivered to the top floor of this building in the loop . 
 let 's just say by the time the elevator reached the top , i was almost dead . 
 but that is n't the weird part . 
 i took the package to this office right , and i 'm supposed to wait until dude man signs everything so i can take it back . 
 he 's a total whakadoo . 
 one minute he is cold , bordering on flat out rude . 
 the next he is the nicest guy in the world . 
 it all switched after our hands brushed . 
 he gives me a serious case of the heebie jeebies . 
 no matter how hot he was . 
 he even called mike to request that i would be his personal step and fetch , saying he would pay double the service fee . '' 
 i noticed , as i finished , a barely contained rage flashing in kennan 's eyes . 
 it disappeared quickly , but there was no mistaking its presence . 
 it was almost like before , when some emotion passed over him and was gone almost as if it had never existed . 
 just like that he was back to happy old kennan , but there was something in his voice that did n't quite match his expression . 
 `` so did he agree to let you be this dude 's paper slut ? 
 i mean , i do n't think it would be fair to take you off of all your other runs just for this dude 's convenience . 
 but i do n't run a bike messaging service , so what do i know ? '' 
 `` nah , mike told him to shove it in a professional way . 
 he said that i 'd be the first notified to deliver if i were available , but if i was n't then someone else would come . 
 i do n't know , maybe i 'm crazy , but there was this weird connection with him . 
 it was exciting , but at the same time super scary . 
 i do n't really want to go back to his office if i can help it . 
 but , i pedal my happy little tush wherever mike sends me . '' 
 `` that 's definitely weird . 
 let me know what happens next time you get to meet mister mysterious . 
 i 'm curious how he 'll treat you when he sees you again . 
 maybe he was just having a bad day losing thousands of someone else 's dollars . '' 
 kennan paused for a moment and then out of nowhere almost shouted , `` hey , instead of veg ' ing tomorrow , you wan na go to the field ? '' 
 this was one of the many reasons why he was my favorite person , and dearest of dear friends . 
 i loved the field museum more than any other place in the world . 
 i forked over the money each year to be a member so that i could go any time i wanted . 
 there was something amazing about being surrounded by so many years of history . 
 my favorite exhibit , hands down , was the pacific northwest native american exhibit . 
 it was always really quiet back there . 
 with the lights being motion sensor activated , it tended to be a bit creepy as well . 
 i decided to call it a night . 
 i looked across the bar to find kennan buried deep in thought . 
 kennan was never a serious person , so i had no idea what could possibly have him rattled . 
 curiosity got the best of me , like always , and i forced myself to ask him what the deal is . 
 `` hey , what 's on your mind kennan ? 
 you look like someone just told you santa is n't real . 
 or perhaps , that you are not in fact the world 's best bartender . '' 
 i feined seriousness , pulling him out of his thoughts in the process . 
 `` what , ah nah , it 's nothing . 
 i was just thinking about having to do inventory before i make it home tonight . 
 do n't wait up ! '' 
 he shot me one of his electrically contagious smiles , covering the concern that had been there moments before . 
 still not convinced , i decided to make my exit . 
 hey , if the man did not want to cough up the information , who was i to pry ? 
 at any rate , i was ready for a snooze . 
 i stood up and got my stuff together while kennan made his way around the bar . 
 he leaned over and kissed me on the top of my head , for the second time that night . 
 `` see you at home kid , be careful on the way . 
 remember : mace first , ask questions later ! 
 oh , and do n't wake me up before eleven tomorrow or i might just have to murder you . '' 
 he smirked down at me with his giant arm still draped over my shoulder . 
 he really did make me feel like a teacup version of a normal person . 
 `` yeah , yeah . 
 you never let me have any fun , kennan . 
 see you in the morning . '' 
 i winked at him as i stepped out from underneath his man-cage . 
 as iheaded for the door , i waved at marky , sending my congratulations once more.sadly , i made it home without having to mace anyone ; such a boring night . 
 i got to the top of the steps and unlocked the door , making my way inside . 
 as the door shut behind me , i heard our answering machine click off . 
 i checked my pocket out of curiousity and realized i 'd once again left my phone at home . 
 shaking my head at how scatter-brained i was becoming , i headed toward the kitchen to check the message . 
 i pressed the button and waited for the machine to get through its spiel . 
 after what seemed an eternity , it finally allowed me to hear the message . 
 that 's when kennan 's voice came anxiously blaring from the machine . 
 `` hey , iz , it 's me , pick up if you 're home . 
 you should be home by now , why are n't you picking up . 
 where 's your cell ? 
 you did n't answer there either . 
 seriously , if you do n't pick up the phone in the next five seconds i am coming home to make sure you were n't murdered somewhere along the way . 
 seriously izzy , five , four , three , two , i 'm coming home . 
 see you in a few , if you 're alive . '' 
 i was confused . 
 kennan never made sure i got home , nor did he normally sound so freaked out . 
 i stood there dumbfounded as the front door burst open . 
 i mean , i knew we only lived a couple of blocks down from the pub , but it should seriously have taken longer than that to get from point a , the pub , to point b , the house . 
 i swirled around not knowing what to expect , only to have kennan engulf me in a bear hug like he had n't just seen me twenty minutes ago . 
 i pushed him away with a look of utter astonishment . 
 `` what the hell kennan ? 
 sure i took my sweet time walking home tonight , but that 's because the weather is amazing . 
 why are you so freaked out all of a sudden ? 
 did someone call the bar with an anonymous tip about my invisible stalker ? 
 you 're seriously starting to freak me out here , guy ! '' 
 i looked at him expecting a logical explanation for his bizarre behavior . 
 `` it 's a joke , iz . 
 i called you from my cell when i was a block behind you . 
 marky offered to close tonight and do inventory since we were so dead . '' 
 he smirked at me . 
 there was something off , though . 
 i could 've sworn the number on the caller i.d. was from the bar . 
 then there was the fact that kennan did n't have the same expression on his face that he did when he was pranking me . 
 like earlier tonight with marky , he had that glint in his eye that said i totally got you . 
 now , he just looks frazzled . 
 too tired to deal with it , i decided to just give up and go to bed . 
 `` whatever you say k.o. i 'm safe and sound at home , and i am going to bed . 
 i will see you in the morning for the field . 
 unless you decide to be a total whakadoo tomorrow as well ! '' 
 `` alright , see you then . 
 remember , you wake me before eleven and you do so at your own peril . '' 
 ********** i made it up to my room and stripped down to just my tunic and undies . 
 i opened the door checking the hall before i dashed to the bathroom to wash my face . 
 the last thing i needed was for kennan to see me in my undies . 
 i washed my face slowly getting the bar grime off and headed back to my room . 
 after falling into my bed , i started thinking aboutthe insane amount of weird stuff that had transpired in just one day ; the weirdo guy xavier , kennan 's reaction to my telling him , his freak out over my not answering the phone at home tonight . 
 i felt like i was staring at one of those magic eye posters that were so popular in the 90 's . 
 for the life of me i could not see the hidden picture . 
 frustrated and confused , i eventually fell asleep . 
 ********** i 'm dreaming i know i am , but somehow it does n't feel that way . 
 `` iz , run as fast as you can ! '' 
 i hear my mother yell in a panicked voice . 
 `` iz , you have no idea what you are , please just run , hide before it is too late ! 
 you have to get away from him . 
 i 'm so sorry , baby . 
 please just run . 
 you ca n't let him take you . '' 
 ********** four cold sweat drenched my body as i awoke . 
 the dreams were always the same , they all ended with my mother yelling at me . 
 they 'd started around the time grams died , with her appearing and telling me to be careful . 
 this one was the first one where she seemed panicked . 
 i brushed it off like every time before . 
 breathing out slowly , i sat up and looked at the clock . 
 it was only 7:30 . 
 why in the world was i up this early on my day off ? 
 even stranger , why did i smell bacon and cinnamon rolls ? 
 i got up and wrapped my fluffy robe around me before trudging down to the kitchen . 
 once there , i was met with something even more bizarre than all the events of the previous day combined . 
 kennan was up , freshly showered , and dressed already . 
 not only that , he was cooking breakfast on his day off . 
 i was now convinced the universe had somehow gotten thrown off kilter . 
 i walked in and stared at him , utterly speechless for the first time in years . 
 to say kennan was not a morning person would be like saying the pope just liked jesus a little bit . 
 it usually took three very loud alarm clocks to wake him . 
 he turned from the stove and raked his eyes down me , taking in my disheveled appearance . 
 he smiled and said , `` you want some breakfast ? '' 
 that 's it . 
 no hint as to why he was up at what he considered the butt crack of stupid . 
 `` what 's up with you iz ? 
 are you sleepwalking ? 
 i asked if you wanted breakfast . '' 
 he looked at me expectantly . 
 `` um , yeah , breakfast would be nice . 
 what in the world are you doing up this early ? 
 i 'm like one hundred and fifty percent positive you told me not to wake you up before eleven today . '' 
 i made my way to the table and plopped down in front of my plate . 
 there was already a glorious cup of coffee waiting on me . 
 i was starting to feel as if i 'd stepped into the twilight zone yesterday . 
 `` i woke up early . 
 it is n't like the world is coming to an end . 
 i was starving and i thought i 'd make enough for you , too . 
 you know , so you would n't eat everything i 'd cooked for myself . '' 
 he still had the playful glint in his eyes , but there was also something else lurking there . 
 the same thing buried behind the façade that i 'd caught glimpses of yesterday . 
 there was a tension building but to what end i was not sure . 
 i was entirely too tired to think about his weirdness . 
 instead , i started scarfing down my food . 
 did i mention that i might starve if it were n't for kennan ? 
 no , really . 
 if he worked doubles or was gone for whatever reason , i forgot to eat . 
 it happened all of the time . 
 my mind tended to get so caught up with a million different things that i forgot to eat . 
 i devoured everything on my plate and realized that in my haste to outperform any vacuum on the market , kennan was staring at me . 
 i blushed . 
 honest to god felt the blood rise in my face blush . 
 i did n't know what the deal was . 
 i was never embarrassed in front of kennan . 
 he 'd seen me look pretty rough in the past two years . 
 maybe it was just a side effect of all the other weirdness that had happened in the last twenty-four hours . 
 or perhaps it was the strange looks he 'd been giving me lately . 
 `` so ... . . 
 what time did you want to go to the museum today ? '' 
 i asked , hoping to change the subject . 
 `` well , it 's a gorgeous day , so i thought we would be tourists in our own town and do it up right . '' 
 `` what do you have in mind , oh master planner of the day ? '' 
 `` well , i figure we could go down to millennium park and walk around for a while , see if the weird face fountains are still spitting water on people . 
 then maybe we could head over to the museum campus . 
 we might have time for the aquarium and the field today . '' 
 `` you have a deal , if we can go to the zoo instead of the aquarium . 
 i want to see the penguins . '' 
 at least they would n't be acting as weird as everyone else in my life . 
 well , i hoped not . 
 if i got there and they are wearing tiny top hats and monocles , the jig was seriously up . 
 `` sounds like a plan , man ! 
 i will get this mess cleaned up , unless you feel like licking the plates clean . 
 i mean , i think i might see a couple of crumbs left on your plate . '' 
 i threw my wadded up paper towel at him as i headed out of the kitchen . 
 ********** five i quickly showered and got dressed after checking the weather . 
 indian summer was usually warm , but there was the occasional chilly day that could sneak up out of nowhere . 
 today looked to be one of those days . 
 i headed over to my pitiful clothing collection and decided to just throw on my jeans from the previous night , a t-shirt that said something about love , and my green granny sweater . 
 at least that was what kennan called it . 
 i loved it , it was soft and had big buttons . 
 it even had elbow patches . 
 i decided to toss a little makeup on today since i planned on taking pictures . 
 i know , vanity is unattractive , but so was my pale skin when it reflected a camera flash . 
 after spending close to an hour getting ready , i got downstairs to find kennan waiting on me . 
 he was dressed in some khaki cargo shorts , a t-shirt and flip flops . 
 i did n't bother explaining the temperature to him . 
 even in the winter he did n't wear weather appropriate clothing . 
 i pulled on my brown leather knee boots and grabbed my bag . 
 `` not one word about the sweater . 
 yesterday was full of weird so i 'm bringing my security blanket with me today . 
 you ready ? '' 
 i asked as i made for the door . 
 `` what was so weird about yesterday ? 
 speaking of weird , you still having that dream about your mom ? 
 i thought i heard you yell last night , '' kennan asked , trying to hide something behind his eyes . 
 `` nothing and no , i 'm not still having the dream , '' i lied . 
 `` i just want to be comfy today and we all know how much i love this sweater . '' 
 i did n't want him to know about the dream . 
 i 'd told him about it the first few times it had happened because it really freaked me out . 
 that and i would wake up screaming . 
 he had a tendency to rush into my room to make sure i was n't being mauled by an intruder . 
 i 'd gotten the whole screaming thing under control , for the most part . 
 but there seemed to be something about the dreams that i could n't quite figure out . 
 i did n't want to share them with him or anyone for that matter . 
 *********** we made our way over to the zoo pretty quickly . 
 since it was a weekday there were several field trips going on . 
 i loved watching little kids at the zoo almost as much as watching the animals themselves . 
 their shear excitement over something wild being right at their fingertips was contagious . 
 then again , part of me was always sad about the animals never really knowing what it was to be free . 
 we headed in and immediately made our way to my favorite display , the penguins . 
 thankfully , they were n't sporting monocles or top hats . . 
 `` are n't they so cute kennan ? 
 it 's like they 're wearing tiny formal wear . '' 
 i turned to find kennan staring blankly ahead . 
 he was totally zoned out like he was n't even paying attention . 
 he 'd been doing that more and more lately . 
 either i was seriously starting to lose my marbles or something majorly weird was going on in the world around me . . 
 `` earth to k.o. , anyone home in there ? 
 listen , if you do n't want to stay at the zoo we can head out , i think i 'm getting hungry , anyway . '' 
 `` seriously iz , how do you not know if you 're hungry ? '' 
 he asked . 
 we spent a little more time meandering through the zoo . 
 he made jokes at my expense and i ignored him . 
 it was finally feeling like a normal day again . 
 plus he bought me a pretzel , which left me being the happiest girl in the world . 
 after a couple of hours we hopped on the bus and headed over to millennium park . 
 `` you want some lunch , izzy ? 
 i 'm thinking something fast , like a hot dog or something , '' he said , spotting a vendor in the park . 
 `` sure , sounds good , '' i said , mostly because i knew it is a losing battle trying to peel him away from a hotdog stand . 
 he grabbed himself four hotdogs , and one for me . 
 i knew he was a big guy , but he seriously ate like a horse . 
 i could n't stomach half of what he did , and if i tried i sure would n't fit through my front door . 
 we sat down on a bench overlooking the lake and proceeded to chow down . 
 it took me about ten minutes to finish my hotdog and by then he was finished with all four of his . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 he asked grabbing our trash . 
 `` hey you wan na walk over there or grab a cab ? '' 
 `` it 's such a pretty day . 
 do you mind walking ? '' 
 i asked , hoping to hide the sadness in my voice . 
 while we were eating , the date had snuck its way into my head reminding me what today was . . 
 two years ago today , i was sitting in a funeral home mourning the loss of my grams . 
 `` nope , do n't mind walking at all , as long as you do n't burst into tears on me . 
 what gives ? '' 
 `` i just remembered what today is . 
 sorry , i 'm fine , really i 'm good . 
 let 's just head over there and i 'll go look at some giant totem poles and feel better . 
 deal ? '' 
 i stared down at my toes trying to get myself under control . 
 before i knew what was happening , i was airborne and being tossed over his shoulder . 
 he called it the duffle bag approach . 
 i called it annoying . 
 i beat on his back trying to get him to drop me . 
 he was laughing as he placed me back on solid ground ; effectively pulling me right back to today and out of the pastkennan had an uncanny knack for being able to pull me out of my head when i got lost in memories . 
 by the time we made it to the field , it was almost closing . 
 the guard at the front told us there was only an hour left . 
 so , i headed straight for my favorite exhibit . 
 kennan hollered he had to use the facilities at me and darted off towards the men 's room . 
 i just waved and headed to my isolated display . 
 i was shocked to see some of the lights illuminated in the exhibit . 
 mostly because the museum was almost closed but also because most visitors tended to go to the jewelry or dinosaur exhibits . 
 i walked into the display area and headed to one of my favorite cases . 
 i was lost in my own thoughts imagining what it must be like to revere the earth as the native american 's did , when a hand tapped my shoulder . 
 i knew that feeling . 
 i 'd felt it just yesterday . 
 a heady mix of fear and anticipation assaulted me , like i was about to plunge down the first hill on a rollercoaster . 
 i turned , already knowing who the hand belonged to . 
 `` hello , '' he said in his deep baritone . 
 `` i do n't know if you remember me , but we met yesterday . 
 you delivered some stuff to my office . '' 
 i knew full well who he was , but i feigned ignorance and stared blankly . 
 after a moment i responded . 
 `` oh yeah , you 're the guy from the top floor of that huge building . '' 
 clearly , this was not the response he was expecting . 
 he scowled for a moment before plastering what was meant to be a convincing smile on his face . 
 `` well , if that is all that made an impression on you , i 'll have to try harder for next time . 
 say , do you have any dinner plans this evening ? '' 
 he asked , raking his eyes from my head down to my toes . 
 i mean , seriously . 
 i was so not dressed to impress . 
 besides , i did n't appreciate being ogled by mister split personalities . 
 i did n't even get a chance to form a response before i heard kennan 's approach . 
 he seemed more than willing to answer for me . 
 `` she already has dinner plans . 
 furthermore she has no interest in developing any association with you , '' his voice held a barely contained menace . 
 somehow the accent was off , almost foreign . 
 i turned to make sure it was really kennan . 
 and were those tattoos that i just saw ? 
 `` well , i think we should let the lady decide whether or not she would like to dine with me , do n't you ? '' 
 mister fancy pants was nonplussed by my suddenly overbearing roomie . 
 i decided to intervene before they proceeded to pee all over the ancient artifacts . 
 `` i appreciate the offer sir , but i do n't interact socially with clients . '' 
 i smiled at him with the most genuine , sweet-tea , southern smile i could muster . 
 `` that truly is a shame , my dear . '' 
 he said it as a threat . 
 i grabbed kennan 's hand and jerked him out of the museum before he burnt the whole thing to the ground just to bury the man inside . 
 i did n't speak to him the entire way back to the house . 
 i was so confused about what had really just happened . 
 i felt like they 'd been talking a whole different language with subtext i could n't even begin to decipher . 
 i was kind of pissed off that kennan would step in and speak for me as if i did n't have the right to choose my own suitors . 
 not that i would have gone out with mr. xander , but i would have at least liked the choice . 
 i was beginning to feel like i did n't know my roommate at all . 
 ********** six when we got to the house , kennan paid the cab driver and we headed inside . 
 as soon as i came inside he closed and locked the door . 
 he turned to me with a wild look in his eyes and then just let me have it . 
 `` what in the hell do you think you 're doing talking to him , iz ? 
 do you even know who that was ? 
 no , you do n't do you ? 
 how could you possibly know ? 
 you do n't know anything . 
 listen to me carefully . 
 you need to head upstairs and pack a bag . 
 fill it with everything you need . 
 we 're going away for a little while . '' 
 he said it with that strange accent he used back at the museum . 
 it was almost irish or scottish but older somehow . 
 i stood there gaping at him , and then all hell broke loose inside of me . 
 i was tired of feeling like i was not a player in my own life . 
 there was a pressure building inside of me and no release valve to let it out . 
 between the dreams , kennan being all crazy for the past few months , and the events of yesterday and today , i 'd had enough . 
 `` what in the hell do you mean we 're going away for a little while ? 
 i 'm not going anywhere with you . 
 i do n't know what it is you think is going on , or who you think you are to tell me what i can and ca n't do . 
 you are sorely mistaken sir . 
 you are n't my keeper , nor are you my parent . 
 so just back the hell off . '' 
 he quietly walked into the kitchen and came back holding something in his hand , maybe a towel . . 
 he grabbed me so quickly i did n't even see him move , pressing the towel to my mouth in the process . 
 as i started to lose consciousness i heard him whisper , `` i 'm so sorry , iz . '' 
 then , it was oblivion . 
 ********** i awakened slowly to the feeling that i was n't standing still anymore . 
 realization slowly started to sink in . 
 i looked around me and noticed that i was in the back of an old suv of some sort . 
 my mouth felt like it had been stuffed with cotton and my hands and feet were tied down to something . 
 i started to panic , and as soon as the scream bellowed up in my throat , i saw a hand reach out from the front seat with the towel of doom . 
 this time , there was no apology . 
 ********** i came to again , and before the towel could descend upon me with its nocturnal powers , i screamed . 
 i saw kennan jerk with surprise from the driver 's seat . 
 he glanced over his shoulder at me . 
 i did n't give him the satisfaction of seeing me cry . 
 instead , i started in on calling his mother some rather unsavory and unladylike names . 
 then i told him where he could go , and what kind of monster i really thought he was . 
 i think i might have also suggested he perform some anatomically impossible tasks . 
 he listened with that eerie calm he got sometimes . 
 he waited until i had gotten it all out of my system before saying anything . 
 `` are you finished ? 
 if so , i will pull over at the next truck stop and untie you so that you can use the restroom . 
 before you get any ideas , i 'm going in there with you . 
 there is no escaping me now . 
 trust me when i say this , i will find you izzy and i will drag you back . 
 always . 
 however , if you behave and act normally , i wo n't tie you up when we get back in the car . '' 
 so these were my choices . 
 be an amiable hostage to my suddenly psychopathic roommate or have him hunt me down like a dog when i slipped the leash . 
 neither one seemed like a great choice . 
 i could fight , but i knew i would lose to him . 
 i could run , but i was pretty sure he would still catch me . 
 plus , my arms were really starting to hurt from being tied in this position . 
 if he was going to murder me , he would have already done it by now . 
 probably . 
 `` fine , but you are so not coming in the stall with me , '' i said as he started to exit whatever road we 'd been traveling down . 
 i thought i saw a glimmer of old humor in his eyes , but i was too mad to really give a damn . 
 as we pulled into the truck stop , i noticed that the area looked nothing like home . 
 the sun looked like it was about to set , which did n't make much sense . 
 i refused to ask him any questions though , and in all honesty , my bladder was about to burst . 
 he parked us in a remote area of the lot , and climbed over the front seats to the back where i was tied down . 
 as he reached for the ropes with a knife , i flinched . 
 his face fell a little , but he quickly put on a blank expression , and cut me free while mumbling something about not hurting me . 
 he opened the door and helped me out of the vehicle , ensnaring my hand with an iron grip . 
 he effectively thwarted any brilliant escape plans i might 've been hatching . 
 he headed directly back towards the bathrooms and walked in with me like it is no big deal . 
 no one seemed to notice , either . 
 `` i was serious about you not coming into the stall with me . 
 there are n't any windows for me to scurry out of . 
 so you can release my hand . '' 
 reluctantly , he let me go . 
 i took my time going until he piped up about coming in after me . 
 it was n't like i was used to having to go with an audience . 
 i came out , and hurried to wash my hands before he grabbed them again . 
 as soon as i was done , he pulled me into the handicapped stall with him . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i demanded as he locked the door behind me . 
 `` well , i have to go . 
 and since i do n't want you running off , i want you right where i can see you , '' he said in that same accent . 
 i was beginning to think the kennan i knew was some kind of imaginary person . 
 `` no way am i staying in here while you use the bathroom ! 
 no way ! 
 i will go willingly with you back to the car , i will play nice . 
 but i refuse to watch you pee ! '' 
 `` then turn around . 
 no one said you had to watch me . 
 but if you want to peak , lass , go right ahead , '' he said as he unzipped his pants and i quickly turned away . 
 did he seriously just call me `` lass ? '' 
 my mind was still trying to catch back up to everything that had happened . 
 i was beginning to wonder if my crisis response system was offline . . 
 but , as strange as it seemed , i did n't feel like i was in danger with kennan . 
 i did n't know if i 'd developed stockholm syndrome from living with him for so long , or if my instincts were broken . 
 either way , i was just going to go with it and see where it led me . 
 he flushed the toilet and reached past me to unlock the stall . 
 `` it 's all put away , iz . 
 no need to fear now , '' he snickered as he headed to the sinks to wash his hands . 
 i followed like a deranged lap dog . 
 where else was i going to go , seriously ? 
 `` hey , are you hungry ? '' 
 he asked as we headed out into the truck stop . 
 still , no one noticed us walking out of the women 's bathroom together . 
 `` kind of , '' i replied , deciding to be sullen and keep all of my answers as short as possible . 
 that just caused him to drag me throughout the store , loading up my arms like we were two besties on a road trip . 
 we headed to the checkout counter , and the cashier finally noticed us . 
 `` oh , i did n't notice you guys come in at all , '' she said as if she had just snapped out of a daze . 
 she rang us up and told us to have a nice night then we headed back out to the vehicle . 
 we were riding in an old jeep cherokee , i realized . 
 not for the first time i was trying to figure out where in the world kennan came by a vehicle . 
 i climbed in and decided to keep my trap shut for a while . 
 suddenly , i started to feel queasy and my head began to throb , as if someone was reaching in and pulling the thoughts from my head . 
 i must 've made some sort of noise , because kennan looked over at me quickly with a look of someone battling themselves in his eyes . 
 he reached for the towel again . 
 i tried to reach for the door to leave , but my head hurt so badly i could n't do anything . 
 he slowly placed the towel over my mouth , cursing in some foreign language and then there was nothing . 
 ********** i awakened again , slumped over in the front seat . 
 at least this time i was n't restrained . 
 we were bumping along on some sort of gravel road in what appeared to be the middle of nowhere . 
 thankfully , my head no longer felt as though someone was trying to pry my brain out . 
 as consciousness finally broke through my stupor , i realized i really had to pee . 
 half of me was afraid to tell kennan , and the other half just really wanted to relieve my bladder of its current agony . 
 i started to talk but my voice was hoarse . 
 `` i really have to go to the bathroom , '' i said , sounding as pitiful as i was afraid i might be . 
 to my surprise , he just stopped the car in the middle of whatever could be road we were driving down . 
 he pulled out a roll of toilet paper from a bag in the back and handed it to me . 
 i looked down at it like it held the answers to the mysteries of the universe . 
 `` i thought you had to pee . 
 or are you afraid to go in the woods by yourself . 
 i can come with you if you really need me to hold your hand , '' he said gruffly and without a hint of his usual humor . 
 `` no , that 's fine . 
 i 'll just go park it behind some tree in the middle of woods while it rains . 
 sounds like a great plan to me . '' 
 i sounded snarky even to my own ears , but i was irritated beyond belief . 
 i 'd been kidnapped by my only friend , taken to god knows where , and i did n't have a clue what in the hell was going on . 
 i climbed out of the car and headed to the nearest tree . 
 i had to pee so badly i just ignored the embarrassing fact that he could probably still see me from the jeep . 
 i finished up and headed back to the vehicle . 
 `` where to now ? 
 or do you want to go ahead and suffocate me with your magic towel again ? '' 
 i snapped as i buckled myself back in . 
 `` we 'll be where we are going to leave the jeep in about an hour . 
 you should eat something . 
 you 've been out for two days . 
 i promise when we get where we 're going i 'll explain everything . '' 
 yup , man of mystery over there . 
 i really did n't like this new kennan at all . 
 while i was overly curious as to what in the world was happening to my seemingly normal life , i was also too stubborn to give him the satisfaction of asking . 
 i distracted myself from my current situation by looking out the window . 
 everything my eyes could take in was green , and i did mean everything . 
 i was afraid that if i stood still too long outside , i would end up covered in moss as well . . 
 then there was the sky , an endless blanket of grey that leaked a fine spray of constant moisture . 
 it was n't even enough to really call it rain . 
 i gasped taking in my surroundings . 
 good god ! 
 i did n't know that ferns could even get that big . 
 by the time we finally came to a stop at the end of the gravel road , i was totally entranced by the beauty of the place . 
 `` alright , time to get out izzy . 
 you need to put on those hiking boots in the backseat . 
 we 'll be walking from here , '' he said tiredly , as if he just knew i was going to give him problems . 
 i bit my tongue and put on the shoes in silence . 
 of course they fit perfectly . 
 i drew on the raincoat i 'd found next to the boots and exited the jeep as i stood staring at my former best friend , i suddenly realized i did n't know him at all . 
 he might as well of been a complete stranger . 
 i supposed i could try and run , but first i needed to know where the hell i was . 
 i could be patient . 
 i would just go along with whatever crazy pants here had planned for me until i knew more about what special kind of hell i 'd found my way into . . 
 my attention was drawn to the traitorous bastard himself , he was busy unloading supplies and filling up a giant hiking backpack . 
 he had a second backpack close by that was loaded with barely anything . 
 i knew which one i wanted to carry . 
 once finished , he covered the vehicles so that it was barely visible . 
 he turned and grabbed the giant backpack as if it weighed nothing then handed me the lighter one . 
 `` we 'll be walking for about four hours . 
 we can stop and rest as much as you need to , but we need to try and make it where we 're going by nightfall , '' with that he disappeared into the tree line . 
 i stepped in after him noticing that there was no discernible trail . 
 the trees were the biggest trees i 'd ever seen in my life . 
 i could n't even wrap my arms a quarter of the way around some of them . 
 i was lost in a dreamland while blindly following him . 
 as my mind wandered , i remembered the dream i 'd had of my mother warning me to hide . 
 could she have been warning me about him all along ? 
 or was it just a coincidence ? 
 i stumbled on a root and lightning fast , a hand reached out to steady me . 
 without any explanation kennan turned and kept walking . 
 i refused to ask for a break and after three hours of walking up what felt like a mountainside i was exhausted . 
 kennan did n't look back at me but any time my steps faltered , he was there to steady me . 
 by the time the fourth hour had passed i was about dead on my feet . 
 we were steadily climbing when there was a sudden break in the endless trees and man-eating ferns . 
 there , standing in the small clearing with a rock face at its back , was a cabin . 
 it was no meager one room shack type cabin , either . 
 this was a huge , well-built structure . 
 i marveled at how something like this could be built up here . 
 there were no roads to bring supplies , so i had no clue how it would 've been done . 
 just to clear a patch of forest to build it would 've been a feat in itself . 
 `` we 're here , '' kennan announced the obvious . 
 as if there were another cabin out here in the middle of god knows where . 
 `` how does your head feel ? 
 is there a pull anymore ? '' 
 the concern lacing his voice ignited my anger once more . 
 how could he possibly know that what it felt like back at the gas station ? 
 i tried to hide my surprise as best i could and replied shortly , `` i 'm fine . '' 
 `` alright then , well , i guess you should know this is going to be home for a few weeks . 
 you might as well get used to it , because there is no way you will ever find your way out of here by yourself . 
 like i said before , i will find you . 
 always , '' he said cryptically . 
 `` okay then , can we maybe go inside , or are we just going to park it out here like a couple of lawn gnomes ? 
 i think that there are parts of me that are n't drenched and freezing yet . '' 
 i felt i had a right to be a little grouchy considering what the last few days had been like . 
 `` in ya go then . 
 why do n't you take the bedroom and i can sleep out here on the couch . 
 if you want to take a bath or anything , the bathroom is down the hall . '' 
 `` that would be nice . '' 
 i headed to the bedroom and was relieved to find an actual bed with a real mattress . 
 not for the first time , i was curious as to how everything had gotten up here . 
 i took the boots off of my feet and peeled off my damp socks . 
 of course my feet were now covered in lovely blisters . 
 it seemed my city treks had n't prepared me for a mountainous hike . 
 after throwing my feet a sufficient pity party , i started to strip off the wet clothes . 
 i took the jacket off and started to take my shirt off when i realized , i did n't pack a stitch of clothes . 
 i headed back into the living room to find kennan building a fire in the large stone fireplace that took up one end of the cabin . 
 kennan did n't even look back at me . 
 it was unnerving , this new development of his . 
 it was as if he knew exactly where i was at all times , without ever having to look for me . 
 he just started talking as if it was the most normal thing to talk to someone that was n't there five seconds ago . 
 `` your clothes are in the bag i just carried up . 
 i told you to pack a bag . 
 unfortunately , you went all hysterical back at the house , so i had to pack one for you . 
 everything you need should be in there . 
 if you did n't have it , i packed it for you out of what i 'd already prepared . 
 all of your toiletries and stuff are in that bag as well . 
 if you want to go get cleaned up , i will make us some dinner . '' 
 without responding , i went to the now much smaller bag he 'd carried up and took it to the room . 
 i unloaded the bag slightly mortified that he had been fondling my undergarments only to find that almost none of the clothing inside the bag was mine . 
 the only thing i recognized was my green sweater and my underwear . 
 the rest of the clothes were all in my size , but they were meant for hiking and camping . 
 granted , most of my clothes back home were for work , and we were in the middle of the woods , but jeez i would have liked something that was mine at least . 
 in the bottom of the bag was the only picture i had left of my parents . 
 it had been taken out of its frame , but it was there none the less . 
 i did n't understand what was going on and i just could n't take the not asking thing any longer . 
 i stormed out in the living room and started talking at him before he could do the creepy talk to me without looking at me to know i was there thing . 
 `` what in the hell is all of that in there ? 
 those are n't my clothes . 
 you kidnap me , drug me , haul me to god knows where in the middle of the woods to probably murder me . 
 the least you could do is pack my own damned clothes . 
 how do you even know my sizes ? 
 invasive much ? 
 or for that matter , why the hell do you have a stockpile of clothes for me lying about ? 
 i 've been doing my best to keep it together and not go totally postal on you . 
 i 've been trying to figure out why three days ago my life was totally normal but now i am in some parallel dimension where my best friend speaks in a totally different accent and kidnaps me . 
 but i ca n't anymore . 
 and cheese on a cracker , i am going to lose my job and then gram 's house if i do n't call mike . '' 
 i fell onto the sofa totally losing steam from my rambling rant . 
 `` first , i need to clarify that it 's been about a week since your life was normal . 
 it took us three days to drive here . 
 you do n't remember a lot of that probably . 
 for that , i 'm truly sorry . 
 the clothes were a precaution , as is this cabin and the drugs i used on you on the way here . 
 mike already knows you 're gone . 
 he knows far more than even you do about who you really are . 
 your grams was n't your real grandma either , and i 'm not really an american at all . '' 
 he said all of this as if it was supposed to make some sort of sense . 
 i just stared at him hoping to get more . 
 he stared right back for a moment with that same tumultuous look in his eyes that i 'd been noticing lately . 
 after a moment , he went back to poking the fire . 
 clearly , i would n't be getting any more information from him right now . 
 mister `` i-keep-my-mouth-shut-about-all-of-the-important-crap-but-for-the-past-two-years-i-have-had-time-to-play-pranks-on-you-and-stockpile-emergency-kidnap-you-supplies . '' 
 i headed back to the room and started to just change into some other clothes , when i realized i smelled kind of bad . 
 not showering for a few days had made me pretty rank . 
 i took my bag down the hall to the bathroom , avoiding him as much as the cabin would allow . 
 i started the water and was surprised to find hot water . 
 how in the world ? 
 there must 've been one heck of a generator up here . 
 i climbed in under the hot water and let it take me away for a few minutes . 
 i scrubbed myself thoroughly and got out to find two fluffy towels hanging on the rack that had n't been there before i 'd gotten in the shower . 
 with one fluffy towel wrapped around my head , i quickly dried off with the other . 
 when i was sufficiently dry , i climbed out of the tub to rifle through the bag . 
 i hoped desperately to find something to sleep in . 
 what i found served to set my temper aflame once more . 
 i stormed out into the living room wearing nothing but a towel and dangling a nighty from one finger . 
 `` are you freaking kidding me kennan ? 
 whose is this , one of your ex-girlfriend 's ? 
 do you expect me to parade around like some vamped-up , sex-kitten , eye-candy in front of the man that just kidnapped me ? 
 where are my t-shirts and holey sweat pants ? 
 where are they ? '' 
 i asked through gritted teeth . 
 i really could n't seem to get my temper under control right now . 
 kennan laughed . 
 he honest to god had the audacity to laugh at me . 
 and not just a chuckle , he laughed his deep belly laugh that seemed to rumble and resonate through every surface around him . 
 `` so , that 's the straw then ? 
 the choice of pajamas and the clothes are what is setting you off . 
 it was n't the drugging you , or the making you pee in the woods , or even the four hour hike , it 's the clothes i packed for you . '' 
 tears were leaking out of his eyes , he was laughing so hard . 
 this , at least , was a trace of the kennan i used to know , but i was too infuriated to be relieved . 
 `` besides , lass , that towel covers less than those pajamas do . 
 yet , you do n't seem to have any objections to prancing around in it . '' 
 `` quit calling me ` lass , ' you sound like a freaking leprechaun . 
 who are you ? 
 clearly you are n't the kennan o’malley i thought you were . 
 so please , just give me something here , or i 'm heading back out into those woods and walking until a wolf , bear , or some other woodland creature decides to put me out of my misery ! '' 
 he sobered very quickly and nodded as if deciding it was time . 
 `` go put some clothes on , we 'll eat something and then i 'll tell you everything you need to know . 
 about me , about you , and about what is happening . 
 i promise i 'll try to stop calling you ` lass ' . '' 
 i walked back to the bathroom with my sails slightly deflated and finished cleaning up . 
 i looked in the mirror only to find i had mascara streams coming down from under each eye . 
 not only did i just go ballistic , but i 'd done so looking like a glorified raccoon . 
 ugh . 
 could this day get any worse ? 
 no really , could it ? 
 part of me was excited about finding out what was really happening , but the other part was wary . 
 i was n't one hundred percent sure that i could trust anything kennan said now . 
 i headed back to my room and pulled on some long john pants and a tee . 
 i exited the safety of my room to face whatever kennan had to say . 
 ********** seven the most intoxicating smell filled the cabin . 
 it smelled like heaven . 
 i wondered when the last time i 'd eaten had been . 
 i headed towards the small two person table in the kitchen and sat down while kennan scooped some sort of pasta , chicken , veggie mix onto my plate . 
 he brought me a glass of water as well . 
 even now , he still had to feed me . 
 i really was pathetic . 
 he sat down and we ate in companionable silence with him eyeing me warily . 
 even though i was bursting to know what brand of crazy he was selling , i was famished . 
 once we 'd both finished eating , he took our plates to the small sink and rinsed them off leaving them to wash later . 
 he returned , gesturing for me to follow him to the living room . 
 `` before i explain anything , before you will believe anything i try and tell you , i 'm going to have to show you something . 
 i was hoping this day would never come , iz . 
 i never wanted this life for you . 
 i need you to look at me closely , iz . 
 really pay attention . 
 when you feel like looking away , look a little longer . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 he asked timidly . 
 i just nodded . 
 i was too curious to say anything else . 
 he nodded once and then muttered , `` a bhidse . '' 
 i watched him closely until the air around him started to shimmer . 
 like a flash , he expanded outward and upward . 
 at the same time dark bluish-black ink swirled about his skin in intricate patterns , starting at his neck and wrapping itself under his shirt and down his arms and god only knew where else . 
 the air settled , and there stood a man that i did n't know . 
 i could not begin to comprehend how this could be the kennan i knew . 
 k.o. was tall , yes , but the man standing before me was 6 foot 7 at least . 
 almost as broad as he was tall , strong chords of muscle roped down his arms and legs . 
 he was n't bulky like some sort of weight lifter . 
 instead , he had the physique of someone that 'd worked manual labor his entire life . 
 i stood there taking him all in . 
 the man i used to know was no more . 
 just as i began to speak , the inky pattern swirling down his arms came to a rest . 
 instead of the swirling miasma , there was now an intricate celtic scroll design , far older than anything i 'd ever seen . 
 i got up from the sofa and went to where he was standing by the fireplace . 
 i studied him carefully and then finally looked up into his face . 
 his jaw was clenched , and his eyes looked blankly ahead as if he were waiting for me to scream . 
 there in his eyes was my best friend and the man that had kidnapped me . 
 so i did the only thing i could think of . 
 i poked him . 
 he looked down at me surprised . 
 `` what no screaming ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i shook my head , still too stunned to say much . 
 but somehow this felt right . 
 i felt as though i was seeing the kennan i 'd been catching glimpses of recently . 
 that same place in my gut that told me to avoid mister ceo was now telling me that this was the man that i 'd known for the past two years . 
 there just seemed to be more of him than before . 
 `` how did all of this fit into that ? '' 
 i asked , honestly curious . 
 for the first time in what seemed to be ages , he relaxed . 
 a smile danced on his lips , which seemed to be much fuller and so very appealing . 
 holy cow , hormones , let 's just put that on the back burner and come back to it never . 
 trying to distract myself , i moved back to the sofa and plopped down . 
 standing next to him was giving me a size complex . 
 `` do you mind if i sit down to explain this ? '' 
 he asked , moving my way . 
 i shook my head as he took the cushion next to me on the sofa . 
 `` okay , so , how to explain this ? 
 it 's kind of like magic , but not . 
 i can convince people that they see something that is n't really there . 
 it 's a mind trick of sorts . 
 like at the gas station when no one noticed us go into the bathroom . 
 i can project it onto other people as well . 
 i sort of project myself in a way that is more socially normal than the way i really appear . 
 i know i 'm not making any sense . '' 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 i asked simply . 
 the most complex question that came to my mind was `` what are you ? '' 
 like he was going to tell me he was a werewolf or vampire . 
 i needed to cut down on my novel intake it would seem . 
 `` what i am is the same as you , just a little different . 
 i 'm a guardian , a sworn protector of the seers . 
 more precisely , i 'm your guardian . 
 i have sworn a vow to keep you safe from those that would do you harm . 
 hence , i kidnapped you to a cabin in the middle of the olympic national park wilderness . 
 i thought we were safe in chicago . 
 i honestly did , and then he found you . 
 he 's been looking for so long . 
 but i 'm getting ahead of myself . 
 are you following me so far ? '' 
 i nodded in encouragement . 
 i was afraid if he stopped i would n't be able to get him talking again . 
 `` your mom is a seer as well . 
 she can predict the future outcome of events . 
 she can even predict various outcomes of a situation based on the different choices that can be made . 
 she 's amazing . 
 she can pick out when a natural disaster will happen within the second . 
 she can even predict winning lotto numbers if she really wants to focus her attention that way . 
 i 've never seen anything like her before . 
 she 's the best of all of the seers throughout history , and you are predicted to surpass even her . '' 
 he said this with a look of awe like it was a good thing . 
 `` you keep saying she is . 
 kennan . 
 what she is , is dead . 
 she has been for a long time , '' i said with an obvious air of confusion around me . 
 `` no , she 's not . '' 
 with those four little words , he 'd successfully flipped my world on its ear . 
 if my mom was n't truly dead , then where had she been all of these years ? 
 was she really talking to me in my dreams ? 
 suddenly an immense panic began to wash over me . 
 it threatened to pull me under . 
 i felt like i was trapped in an elevator in between floors . 
 i was unable to catch my breath as the cold sweat spread over my body . 
 she was n't dead . 
 i could feel myself start to lose consciousness , as if my brain was not equipped to handle anymore crazy . 
 just as i started to fade i felt two strong arms scoop me up . 
 ********** `` you ca n't let him find you my love , '' my mother said to me somewhere in the fog . 
 `` who is he ? 
 where are you ? 
 are you even really talking to me ? '' 
 i asked the fog , even as i realized i was dreaming once again . 
 `` kennan will watch over you . 
 trust him , trust no one else . 
 and for the love of god do not come for me . 
 whatever you do , you run . 
 i have tried for so long to keep him from you , but i 'm fading my love . 
 so you stay alive , and do n't you dare let him catch you . '' 
 the fog started to lift and i saw her , for the first time in more years than i could count . 
 she was lying there in front of me . 
 she was strapped to some sort of hospital bed with at least twenty tubes coming out of her . 
 there was something attached to her head like a crown . 
 in place of the strong lithe woman i remembered , there was a withered , frail creature . 
 the closer i got , the more horrified i became . 
 how could i not look for her ? 
 how could i possibly leave her like this ? 
 just as i approached the bed , she opened her eyes and stared at me . 
 as if awareness had just dawned , she began to scream . 
 `` no , you ca n't be here . 
 you have to go . 
 please , go now ! '' 
 she looked around her frantically as a dark shadow started to seep in from the background . 
 with the darkness came another voice . 
 it was n't as clear as my mother 's , but decipherable none the less . 
 `` tisk tisk , little one . 
 you can run , but you ca n't hide forever . 
 tell that guardian we are coming for you . '' 
 i screamed as the inky splotch started extending towards my body . 
 ********** i was being shaken , and i opened my eyes to see kennan . 
 he was yelling my name and shaking me by my shoulders . 
 i took a deep breath filling my burning lungs . 
 i stared into kennan 's eyes as the tears start flowing . 
 `` i 've got you . 
 i promise , i 'm not going anywhere , '' he whispered into my hair . 
 how was it that in the past week my whole life changed ? 
 my mother was n't dead . 
 my dreams were her , trying to warn me . 
 there was someone after me for a reason i 'd yet to discover . 
 i felt as though the past twenty-four years of my life had been a lie . 
 i needed to know more . 
 i needed to feel like i had at least a semblance of control over my life . 
 and on top of everything , kennan was being too nice . 
 it was freaking me out . 
 i took a steadying breath and sat up . 
 it was time i got my head wrapped around all of this . 
 `` who am i , kennan and what are you to me ? 
 i need to know everything . 
 is my dad alive somewhere strapped to a bed like she is ? '' 
 he took a steadying breath and looked my face over as if he were searching for information . 
 `` izzy , there is so much i need to tell you . 
 you 're safe here . 
 they ca n't reach you . 
 this is one of our safe houses . 
 but first things first , i need to tell you the histories . 
 i need to tell you about your parents . 
 i need to tell you about your grams , mike , and me . '' 
 he looked at me as if i would bolt at any second . 
 which , i supposed if i had any sense at all i would be doing . 
 but i kept hearing the echoes of my mother 's voice telling me he was the only one i could trust , so i held firm . 
 kennan started slowly , as if reluctant to rid himself of the secrets that had been his companions for so many years . 
 `` your dad and i were best friends , iz . 
 i 've known him since we were both boys . 
 we grew up together . 
 we trained together . 
 we were brothers in everything but blood . 
 i would 've died in his place if i could . 
 but none of that matters . 
 what does matter is that he died trying to save you and your mother . 
 he protected you when you could n't protect yourself . 
 he loved you both more than i 've ever seen any one person love another . '' 
 i stared at him , obviously confused . 
 so i got the whole guardian thing , but now the whole vampire thing seemed more plausible . 
 there was no way that kennan could be the same age as my father . 
 it was unfathomable . 
 my father had graying hair and crow 's feet around his eyes from smiling too much . 
 my confusion must 've been evident . 
 the next words out of kennan 's mouth confirmed there were things about the story that i would have a much harder time believing . 
 `` i 'll explain it all with the histories . 
 but first , you need to know what happened to you and your mother , and how you came into our protection . 
 your story really started on that day , that horrible day all of those years ago , the day of the wreck . 
 it was a trap set up by xavier 's people . 
 he 'd been searching for your mother for a long time . 
 your parents thought they were safe in that hole-in-the-wall town in alabama . 
 your mother learned to hide her talents . 
 your father took up a job and an appearance that was completely average . 
 but they found them anyway . 
 they sabotaged the car . 
 it flipped 5 times before it came to a rest out in that peanut field . 
 you all survived the initial wreck , surprisingly . '' 
 i could n't stand it anymore . 
 his story was completely different from my own memories . 
 `` i was not in that car kennan . 
 i was at home with a sitter . '' 
 his eyes were becoming more withdrawn with suffering by the moment . 
 `` you were there . 
 i know , because i saved you and ran . 
 when the car came to a rest , your mother took your memories of it and replaced them with what you remember . 
 your father , in an effort to save you lowered the seat in the back and put you in the trunk of the car . 
 he sent me a message telling me where you were . 
 when they came , your parents told them you were no longer with them . 
 they shot your father and took your mother . 
 when i got there he was barely alive . 
 but he told me where you were . 
 he told me where to take you and he told me to keep you safe . 
 they made it so that once i found you , you would n't remember . '' 
 i could n't stop the flow of tears as the long repressed memories came rushing to the surface . 
 i could hear the crush of metal , as my mother 's soothing voice told me everything would be okay . 
 my father told me it was time to play the quiet mouse game before getting me secured in the trunk . 
 i remembered trying to breathe calmly as the walls of the trunk seemed to move in on me infinitesimally as the seconds ticked on . 
 then out of the darkness came the blurry visage of kennan . 
 i tried to pull myself back to the present and turned my attention back to something i could handle . 
 `` so what about grams , and mike , and you ? 
 how do you fit into this story ? 
 why did they want my mother so badly ? '' 
 `` grams and mike are part of the safety net . 
 they are n't like me , but they 've all lost family to the corporation . 
 they 've both felt the brunt of pain that could 've been prevented . 
 pain caused to gain profit . 
 so grams took you in . 
 she loved you like you were her own . 
 she had the power to mask your presence , which is why you were kept safe all of the years you were with her . 
 mike lost both of his sons to the corporation . 
 they were collateral damage . 
 so mike , much like grams , kept an eye on you when i could not . 
 i only came back into the picture after grams died because i promised your father i 'd keep you safe . 
 the closer it got to your twenty-fifth birthday , the more danger you were in . 
 as much as it pained me to be close to you with the constant reminder of what was lost , i could n't deny the oath i made to your father . 
 so i stayed , and then you became mine . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 everything you say brings up more questions than answers . 
 you say that you and my father were childhood friends . 
 but he was so much older than you . 
 you talk about this corporation and how they 're run by people like you . 
 but where does my mother fit in and why do they want me ? 
 what does it mean that i 'm yours ? '' 
 `` it 's getting late iz , you 've already had a lot to take in . 
 are you sure you want to hear all of this tonight ? '' 
 he ran his hand down his face , as if he could wash away the memories that our discussion had brought to the surface . 
 `` i need to know , kennan . 
 if i am ever going to figure out what in the hell to do , i have to have answers . 
 my mom has been talking to me in my dreams , for crying out loud . 
 i lied when i told you i was n't having them anymore . 
 she was telling me to run . 
 but i thought it was just a dream . 
 just now , when i passed out i saw her kennan . 
 she was right there in front of me . 
 she 's wasting away to nothing and they have her strapped to a table like some sort of lab experiment . 
 how can i leave her like that ? 
 and he was there . 
 how did he get in my dreams kennan , can he hurt me there ? '' 
 his eyes became serious and filled with a sort of rage i 'd never seen before . 
 it scared me and brought me peace simultaneously . 
 `` what do you mean he was there ? 
 and i already knew you were still having the dreams . 
 i dream what you dream , iz . 
 i have since i became your guardian . 
 but i did n't see this one which means you are starting to have the visions . 
 tell me everything you saw . '' 
 i unloaded everything that had passed between my mother and i , and the inky shadow that skirted around the edges of the vision . 
 i told him the warning that was meant to be passed on , and the overwhelming since of desperation and fear that i 'd felt coming from my mother . 
 by the time i 'd finished retelling my vision i felt like an empty husk of what i 'd once been . 
 my optimism was quickly replaced by fear and uncertainty . 
 `` can we make some coffee or something kennan ? 
 i need to hear the rest of this , but i 'm running on like zero right now . 
 i need something to fuel this insanity . '' 
 i started to stand up and move back toward the living room , not really knowing how we 'd gotten to my bedroom in the first place . 
 my legs felt like jelly the minute i put my weight on them . 
 kennan steadied me with his strong hands . 
 the hands i assumed were calloused from opening beer bottles , but now i was n't quite so sure . 
 hell , if i was being honest , i was n't real sure of anything at this point . 
 `` come on red , let 's get you caffeinated . 
 there 's still a long story to tell . 
 you still need the histories . '' 
 his smile lacked its normally electric charge but it did serve to steady me . 
 i found comfort in the fact that i was still seeing the real kennan . 
 he had n't placed himself back under the illusion he 'd been carefully maintaining for so long . 
 he still had that funny lilt to his accent that i 'd never noticed before . 
 but somehow i knew all of the answers were coming . 
 there was more that was yet to be revealed . 
 after the coffee was made , kennan added more wood to the fire , poking it with the metal stick once more to stoke the coals . 
 he grabbed a quilt from the end of the sofa and brought it to me . 
 i instantly recognized the patchwork quilt as one of my mother 's making . 
 he draped it over my bent knees and sat down close to me , seemingly afraid to let me stray too far . 
 i sipped my coffee as he started in with the cadence of a story teller . 
 `` we 've been here for as long as the world has had people , izzy . 
 we 've been called many things throughout history ; sorcerers , magicians , shifters , and soldiers to name a few . 
 we 've populated all corners of the world , living with people and blending in . 
 we 've been mistaken for druids many times over as well . 
 our origins come from the same area , but we are much older . 
 at least the old ones are . 
 our purpose is to protect those that have the ability to predict and shift the fates , to make sure you do n't fall into the hands of those that would abuse the power . 
 back then it was so much easier to find the seers . 
 now , with the world being as big as it is , and all of the hype about psychics it 's hard to find a true seer . 
 but it runs in the female blood line . 
 the minute your mother found out she was carrying a female child she put a protection plan in place for you . 
 are you following so far ? '' 
 `` sort of , as best i can i suppose . 
 but i do n't understand the whole guardian and seer relationship . 
 you say my dad was a guardian and that you were friends when you were children . 
 how is any of that possible ? '' 
 `` guardians are very old , unmentionably old beings . 
 part of our makeup is engineered so that once we meet our seer , the one we were sent here to protect , we start to age at the same rate as the seer . 
 so when your father met your mother , he began to age . 
 we all grow to be about 30 years old , and then we stay at that age until we meet our seer . 
 our purpose is to help you in any way we can . 
 we 're here to physically protect you as well as guard you from the madness that can become a problem in some seers . '' 
 he looked at me as if he did n't want to reveal my parent 's story . 
 `` your mother and father were unlike any other match i 've ever seen . 
 the love they shared is the sort the bards used to dream up . 
 i was jealous at first , but once i met her i understood . 
 your mother took me in like part of the family . 
 even as i watched my best friend age , i knew that she would never make me part with him . 
 i was there for all of the big moments of your life when you were young as well . 
 i know you do n't remember , and it is probably just as well . 
 the older you got , the more i felt a peculiar pull towards you . 
 so i left when you were about five . 
 i stayed away after that . 
 i did n't understand that you were who i was sent here to protect . 
 you 're mine . '' 
 `` so how old are you exactly , kennan ? 
 and what does it mean that i 'm yours ? 
 i do n't really like the idea of being a thing that someone can own you know . '' 
 i said the last with a hint of sarcasm . 
 i could not stand how heavy everything was starting to feel . 
 there was some kind of subtext that he was trying to intone , but i was just too overwhelmed to understand . 
 `` i do n't know how old i am . 
 my memories are so long and full that sometimes i even forget when i was first born . 
 i can tell you that i was alive for the rise and fall of the roman empire . 
 i was born as a celt , hence that lingering accent i ca n't quite rid myself of . 
 some days i have wished that i could die in some freak accident , but then i would stop myself . 
 i knew i could n't betray my calling . '' 
 he hesitated before continuing on , as if he were weighing his words carefully . 
 `` i do n't own you , izzy . 
 i do n't think you will ever let anyone truly own any part of you . 
 there is a reason you never let anyone in . 
 all seers are born with a sense of self preservation . 
 i was shocked when you agreed to let me move in with you . 
 i did n't even have to influence you that much . '' 
 there were so many things in there that i was just not ready to face . 
 he had manipulated me and maneuvered me so that he could live with me . 
 then there was the nonsense about not letting people in ; i felt like i 'd let him in . 
 then again , maybe everything we 'd had together was a lie that had been engineered to gain access . 
 how could i trust him now ? 
 were all of our times hanging out together based on his sense of duty , or did he really see me as a friend ? 
 as the questions raged inside my head , he told me about the corporation . 
 how hundreds of years ago some of the guardians became what he called `` right greedy bastards '' and broke off from their directorate . 
 they started seeking out seers and forcing them to tell them about natural disasters and wars . 
 they went into the business of raking in insurance claims from the victims of the very catastrophes they could have prevented . 
 the closest they ever came to being caught was after katrina . 
 but even then , they were careful . 
 the corporation sent money and arms to militaries , regardless of the faction , as long as it would be the victor in the end . 
 by the time he finished i was breathless . 
 these were the people that had my mother . 
 the bastards had her strapped to a machine twisting her god given talents into something corrupt . 
 i could n't stomach it . 
 this was it . 
 i 'd finally reached the point of breaking . 
 i ran to the bathroom and emptied my stomach . 
 kennan came in silently behind me and wet a cloth for me . 
 i collapsed against the toilet as another wave of tears assaulted me . 
 it was all too much . 
 how would i ever stand up against these people ? 
 i might have some spunk to me , but i had no way to fight off trained killers . 
 i felt as though my ship had been set adrift , and the waves had stripped me of my compass . 
 i looked up at kennan who was leaning against the bathroom door waiting for me to pull myself together again . 
 i looked at him and i did n't know how i was supposed to go on like nothing had changed between us . 
 this was the man that my mother promised i could trust , but one i did n't truly know . 
 he must have read it in my eyes because his eyes mirrored my sadness . 
 `` i think we better get some rest now , izzy . 
 tomorrow is your birthday and tomorrow is when everything really starts to change . 
 i 'm sorry for lying to you . 
 i 'm sorry for scaring you and dragging you out here tied to a seat and for drugging you . 
 but i need to know that you are with me on this . 
 if you run , they can and will find you . 
 i know i have no right to ask , but i am asking . 
 trust me ? '' 
 i looked at him , my best friend for the past two years . 
 the man that had taken care of me , had fed me , and made me laugh . 
 the man that had also , incidentally , kidnapped me . 
 i was having difficulty resolving that person with the man standing in front of me . 
 i was n't stupid enough to believe i would be able to make it out there on my own . 
 not when they could get into my head and pull information out . 
 not with what had happened to my mother . 
 `` for now . '' 
 it was all i was capable of offering . 
 he reached down to pull me up and tucked me under his arm like he had a thousand times before . 
 this time there was no comfort . 
 i felt cold and hollow . 
 even as he kissed me on the head and shut the bedroom door i felt empty . 
 i dreaded what sleep might bring . 
 ********** eight that night my dreams were filled with images of my childhood : my father standing in the backyard smiling with a friend ; an entirely too-tall man with tattoos pushing me on the swing ; my mother smiling down upon me as she read me a bedtime story . 
 it was an accumulated parade of phantoms , long forgotten . 
 the last memory transported me back to the trunk of the car , where my head was pounding , and i looked around to see nothing but blackness . 
 i could feel the trunk pressing down towards me as if it would crush me at any moment . 
 the air tasted stale and i heard voices . 
 `` promise me you will take her and protect her . 
 promise me , brother . 
 it is the only thing i can think of . 
 they are after her , not moira . '' 
 `` rest , brother , '' a familiar voice replied . 
 `` your suffering is over now . 
 i 'll find her and i vow to protect her . '' 
 i heard a final , deep sigh as my father drew in his last breath , and the trunk opened with a screech of reluctant metal . 
 i blinked up at the face of a man that i knew all too well . 
 i awoke with kennan shaking my shoulders . 
 he was broken out in a cold sweat that mirrored my own . 
 he looked at me with haunted eyes . 
 `` enough izzy , enough , '' he barely breathed as he rested his forehead against mine . 
 all the while , i struggled to pull myself back to the present . 
 no wonder i was terrified of closed spaces . 
 i still felt the residual fear of being trapped in that stagnant place . 
 i shuddered releasing the breath i had n't realized i 'd been holding . 
 i looked up into his eyes . 
 this man so familiar and so foreign , and i truly did n't know what he was to me . 
 i averted my gaze and tried to pull myself together as he sat up . 
 i remembered his words from earlier . 
 he dreamed what i dreamed . 
 so he was there with me . 
 he saw my morbid parade of happiness that was taken away too soon . 
 of a family robbed from me by greedy men . 
 i looked over at the clock and saw that it was five am . 
 i was officially twenty five , and it was officially the worst birthday ever . 
 i sat up on the bed as kennan moved his mountainous self over to make room for me . 
 we sat in silence for a long time . 
 i could feel him staring at me , waiting for whatever i might say . 
 so , i said the only thing i could . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 `` now we train , izzy . 
 now i teach you how to keep yourself from going mad with the visions that will start coming . 
 and perhaps most importantly , i am going to teach you how to defend yourself . 
 if something ever happens to me , i need to know that you can protect yourself . 
 but first , i am going to feed you breakfast . '' 
 we looked at each other a moment longer , my feelings of uncertainty mirrored back at me in his eyes . 
 neither of us was willing to venture into that territory . 
 instead , we came to an unspoken truce . 
 he was my guardian and i was his seer , for better or worse . 
 i giggled at the thought , causing kennan to look at me with questioning eyes . 
 `` i was just thinking , we 're together until death do us part , for better or worse . 
 just the other night i was making fun of marky , yet here we are . 
 just as committed . 
 oh how i wish i could eat my snarky comments now . 
 universe one , izzy zero . '' 
 i let out another snicker as i made my way to the bathroom before kennan could say anything . 
 i freshened up quickly and moved myself toward the kitchen . 
 there , i found kennan placing two plates on the table that were piled with eggs , bacon , and buttery toast . 
 sitting on the table was a present wrapped with a beautiful green bow . 
 i wrapped my green sweater more tightly around me as i sat down . 
 i still had n't come to grips on how exactly to reconcile the two kennans . 
 in fact , it was getting harder for me to stay mad at him . 
 in all of the ways that mattered , he 'd always been there for me . 
 he 'd saved me from that hellish trunk all of those years ago . 
 back in chicago , the man had saved me from my own stupidity , even if his methods sucked . 
 and sitting there , right in front of me , wrapped in a beautiful green bow , was proof that i was more than an assignment . 
 our friendship mattered . 
 i wiped at my eyes trying to hide the tears that threatened to fall . 
 i knew myself well enough to know that i would n't yet be able to fully trust him . 
 but i decided to end the `` kennan-is-a-stupid-head-liar-face '' pity party playing out in my head . 
 no matter how amazing the decorations and cake were . 
 that ridiculous green bow was proof that part of that friendship was as real to him as it still was to me . 
 i looked at kennan as he sat across from me . 
 he was dressed in a thermal layered under a buttoned up red flannel over worn jeans and hiking boots . 
 he looked like a super sexy version of the brawny man . 
 once again , i had to tamp down my hormones . 
 still not ready to look too closely at that . 
 i looked at him , then i glanced back at my present . 
 i was anxious to open it , but in the light of everything it seemed like i should n't be able to have this sort of easy happiness . 
 i bit into my perfectly burnt bacon , and looked back up to kennan who was looking as anxious as i was for me to open it . 
 `` it is n't a magical wombat or anything equally weird is it ? '' 
 i felt justified in asking . 
 i mean , it could 've been . 
 kennan over here was like a zillion years old but still looked thirty . 
 magical wombats seemed a viable option . 
 `` no , it is n't a magical wombat . 
 they have n't been around for at least three hundred years , '' he said as he bit into one of his eight pieces of toast . 
 i looked at him blankly , until a deep rumbly laugh overtook him . 
 the spark of amusement in his eyes after an emotionally charged few days was a welcome sight . 
 i shook my head as i reached for the box with trepidation . 
 inside was a tablet with a note on top . 
 it was in kennan 's elegant scrawl : dearest izzy , perhaps this may not be the best birthday you 've ever had . 
 i fear that i 've taken you away from everything and left you with nothing in return . 
 i attempted to bring the things that mattered most to you , but in the end i do n't really know what that is . 
 in an effort to keep my distance and give you privacy , i fear that i only know the basics of what matters most to you . 
 you have never been one to hold value in material things , but i know how much you love your jane austen and bronte based movies . 
 i loaded all of them that i could find onto this tablet . 
 every version i could uncover . 
 i know it is n't much in the grand scheme of all that is coming your way . 
 i just want you to find some happiness . 
 i 'm so very glad that you were born . 
 you have brought sunshine into my otherwise monotonous world . 
 i pray to the gods that the sun is not taken from you . 
 so , happy birthday . 
 yeah . 
 yours eternally , kennan p.s. i will watch one of these horrible movies with you for your birthday . 
 your choice . 
 but i reserve the right to make fun of them . 
 i glanced at kennan and for the first time he looked sheepish . 
 honestly , it was the first time he 'd ever expressed any emotion other than happiness toward me . 
 i giggled with delight as i powered up the tablet and noticed not only were all of my favorite movies loaded on to it , he 'd also added hundreds of books . 
 officially , the best present ever . 
 i squealed and jumped up from my seat , rushing to hug him . 
 he almost fell backwards in his chair from the unexpected force . 
 he was my kennan , the same as he 'd always been . 
 he looked down at me with a slow heat in his eyes that made me realize , perhaps things were n't as they 'd always been . 
 i quickly got myself back under a semblance of control and sat back down to finish my breakfast while doing a little happy dance . 
 breakfast ended with kennan gathering up the dishes and doing them while i sat drinking coffee and thinking of what to do next . 
 `` kennan ? '' 
 `` yeah , iz ? '' 
 `` i ca n't leave her there , no matter what she said . 
 you know that right ? '' 
 he sighed heavily as if i 'd spoken the very words he 'd been dreading since the start of this whole thing . 
 `` it wo n't be easy , lass , i mean kid . '' 
 he looked at me with a sly grin as he continued . 
 `` you know she is locked up in a max security building run by the scum of the earth . 
 you know we could very well die or you could get captured in the process , making all she did to protect you pointless , right ? '' 
 `` i do , but i also know that i ca n't live with myself if i sit here hiding while she suffers . 
 i do n't think she is the only one there either kennan . 
 how can i live with myself if i just let it go on ? 
 that would make me just as bad as them . 
 i 'm not saying we should go right now . 
 i 'm saying that eventually it has to happen . 
 i know that i am ill prepared and i seriously have no plans of going on some halfcocked suicide mission . 
 i just need a plan of action , like always . 
 i need something to work towards . 
 hell , i have n't even had another vision yet , so i do n't even know what to expect there . 
 just promise me , promise me we will try . '' 
 `` i promise , but not until i think you are ready , do you understand ? 
 this could take a long time . 
 this place is secure . 
 we are too far away from anything for them to be able to mentally track you . 
 but if he hacks into your visions again , you must be careful . 
 you have to block him . 
 you have to keep him from reading the images in your mind . '' 
 `` um , i am assuming this is something you will be able to teach me , right ? 
 along with maybe some jujitsu or something equally as ninja like ? '' 
 i smiled hopefully up at him . 
 if i was meant to be some sort of super seer , i should at least get some cool action-figure moves . 
 `` maybe we should work on you being able to do a single pushup first ? '' 
 he snickered to himself as he put the dishes away . 
 i threw the balled-up wrapping paper at his head and quicker than my eyes could track he spun and caught it . 
 he looked at my astonished face and winked . 
 okay then , apparently he had super speed . 
 awesome . 
 `` alright , smarty pants . 
 i 'm assuming you have some sort of training plan . 
 obviously i 'm not in fighting condition , so maybe we should start there ? '' 
 now that i 'd gotten past the initial shock of it all , i felt like i needed to move forward and do something productive . 
 `` easy there , skipper , '' he said , with that same old twinkle in his eyes . 
 `` yes , i do have a plan . 
 prepare for some major suckage . 
 my plan involves both physical and mental training . 
 you 'll start having more and more visions and getting you through those will be the biggest challenge . 
 the ones you share with your mother are relatively safe . 
 you can control them easily because she is there to help filter the information . 
 eventually we will get to the ninja skills . '' 
 he winked at me as he headed toward the door . 
 `` so are we starting now ? '' 
 i asked , since he was giving me absolutely nothing . 
 `` no , today is your birthday . 
 it is the last day you get to rest and be comfortable . 
 and there is something else i need to give you . 
 your mother gave me some letters long ago . 
 she told me to keep them safe until they found you . '' 
 he looked at me with the same sad cast in his eyes as he pointed to the coffee table . 
 there lay a bundle of three letters wrapped with twine . 
 `` i need to go chop some wood and get some stuff done around the property . 
 do n't leave the cabin . 
 i do n't want you tripping over a root and breaking something . 
 give me a yell when you 're done . '' 
 with that , he left me alone with the pile of letters . 
 ********** nine kennan walked out of the door , effectively shutting me in with the letters . 
 well , there was no time like the present . 
 maybe she could help explain some things . 
 a girl could hope right ? 
 with a sense of trepidation i reached for the pile of letters and opened the one dated as the oldest . 
 as i pulled it from the envelope , i was assaulted by a vision . 
 my mother was in a summer dress spinning around in the yard , making me fly . 
 i could feel the sticky humidity and hear the cicadas and frogs chirping in the background . 
 the sun was getting ready to set and my mom was going to take me inside soon . 
 she led me through the door still flying me like an airplane and took me to my father . 
 she leaned in to kiss his cheek then left the room , heading to the office . 
 i followed her , there , but not there . 
 she sat down at a desk and inhaled deeply . 
 just before she began writing slowly . 
 as if something had drawn her attention , she turned toward me and smiled sadly . 
 i jerked , surprised by the vision of the past . 
 it was as though my very soul was walking through her memories . 
 even stranger , it was as if she expected me to be there . 
 she 'd somehow known that i was coming . 
 it would seem that she 'd known i would grow up alone all along . 
 embittered that she would still set herself on that course , but strangely comforted in knowing she did all she could for me . 
 i wiped my eyes and began reading the first letter . 
 my dear girl , i never wanted you to live the life that you 're about to be forced to live . 
 i hope you know that i did not want to leave you . 
 i tried to prevent it as long as i could . 
 this day , i know i will only have at the most three more years with you . 
 you 've been the best thing i 've ever done on this earth . 
 you have a light that shines from you and touches even the darkest of places . 
 do n't lose that sense of wonder and optimism . 
 no matter what they do to me izzy , or what you must face in the days to come . 
 i 've tried to see the life that awaits you , but i 'm never able to get beyond the fog and see what is to come . 
 i hope that you live a life of calm and that you are never forced to deal with the madness and greed that is coming for me . 
 i hope that you grow old , you have babies , and you are free from the insanity that has been brought down upon so many seers . 
 i wish for you a fate vastly different than my own . 
 i know that you feel alone . 
 i know that i 've left you with a terrible burden to bear . 
 but know that you do not have to do this without help . 
 kennan is there for you . 
 he may be hard to crack in the emotions department , but i saw the way he lit up around you . 
 he left today . 
 your father had a talk with him . 
 i think he was beginning to feel the guardian 's pull toward you . 
 even though you are so very young . 
 so he and your father felt it best that he left . 
 most guardians do n't meet their charges until they reach the age of seeing . 
 what happened with you and kennan is almost unheard of . 
 he would have started aging had he stayed . 
 so , for him to be fit to protect you , he left . 
 he sacrificed finally having a place to call home in order to do what was best for you and your father . 
 so please , dear daughter , trust him . 
 i love you more than you will ever possibly know . 
 i know you will be faced with so many obstacles . 
 your future is not something i can see , so it is something you must create for yourself . 
 be brave , be smart , and above all trust your heart , my dear one . 
 i will miss you so very much . 
 just remember to be the very best version of yourself you can possibly be . 
 with all that i am , mommy i sat motionless and numb for longer than i could imagine . 
 by the time i finally pulled myself out of my reverie i realized i was no closer to understanding anything than i was before reading the letter . 
 i glanced back at the paragraph about kennan . 
 i 'd wondered why he left when i was young . 
 though , with the feelings that kept surfacing toward him , i was kind of glad he 'd left when he did . 
 how creepy would that be ? 
 uncle kennan . 
 no thank you . 
 i was n't quite ready to deal with the feelings brought on by my mother 's words . 
 kennan , i could handle . 
 the overwhelming sense of love that poured from her every word scared the bejeezus out of me . 
 i read through the letter twice more before glancing at the clock . 
 i realized four hours had passed without my notice . 
 now that i was pulled back to the present , i heard a constant thwack noise coming from outside . 
 i got up and moved toward the window in search of the noises ' source . 
 i found kennan chopping wood , and by the grace of god himself he was shirtless . 
 i 'd seen him without a shirt before , but this was different . 
 this was the real kennan , not the mockery i 'd been seeing for the past two years . 
 i gawked at the intricate tattoos that started on his back and looped in and out across his broad shoulders and down his arms . 
 the knots seemed to have no beginning and no end . 
 they spoke of old magic and times long forgotten . 
 his muscles rippled and glistened as he swung the axe to split another log . 
 he stacked the split logs on the growing pile behind him . 
 he turned toward where i was standing and winked before he went back to chopping . 
 shocked that he knew i was there and more than a little mortified at being caught gawking , i blushed crimson . 
 yep , certainly glad he was not dear , old uncle kennan , because that would 've been super skeevy . 
 determined to calm my hormones and distract my mind from everything happening , i moved into the kitchen to fix some sandwiches . 
 one for me , and three for kennan . 
 a growing man needed to eat . 
 after i piled everything up on two plates , i stuck my head out the door and hollered that lunch was done . 
 kennan picked up his shirts and wiped his face before heading into the cabin . 
 between the drizzle and the sweat he was drenched . 
 he walked past me toward his bag and pulled out a plain tee shirt . 
 i was suddenly struck with the desire to be that shirt clung to him as tightly . 
 maybe i needed a cold shower . 
 this was getting out of control . 
 two years of nothing and then whammy , hormone overload . 
 trying to distract myself , i headed back to the kitchen and filled two cups full of water . 
 i sat down and stared directly at my sandwich . 
 not willing to make eye contact for fear of blushing again , i dug into my sandwich . 
 kennan lowered himself into his chair with more grace than should have been afforded the mountain that he was . 
 he snickered at me . 
 `` you alright there , red ? 
 you look a little flustered . 
 thanks for the grub by the way . 
 i 'm famished . '' 
 `` nope , not flustered , totally fine . 
 just feeling a bit weird about the letter from my mom . '' 
 even to my own ears , i sounded tightly wound and ridiculous . 
 luckily for me , kennan did n't press the issue . 
 `` so , what did it say ? 
 anything that might help us figure out what to do next ? '' 
 he asked around a mouthful of sandwich . 
 must not look at his lips . 
 `` hm ? 
 oh , well , she said she could n't see through the fog or something like that . 
 most of the letter was about you actually . 
 were y ' all really close when i was younger ? 
 i mean , i have these vague memories of someone that must 've been you being around . 
 but nothing that is clear . 
 it gets kind of fuzzy where you 're concerned . '' 
 i looked into his eyes , realizing the truth of it . 
 my memories had been hacked again . 
 `` we thought that it would be best if you did n't really remember me . 
 it would make it hard for you when you got older to treat me like a peer or a friend . 
 if we 'd known back when you were born that i would be your guardian , i would never have stayed as long as i did . 
 we 're meant to be the same age as the one we protect . 
 so when i left , i took the memories of a girl that radiated sunshine and you were left with vague memories of a family friend . '' 
 he went back to eating without saying anything more . 
 for a while we sat in silence , both lost in our own memories . 
 but a question that kept tugging at my mind would n't go unanswered any longer . 
 `` was n't it weird for you though , i mean to see me again and have to act like you did n't know me ? 
 do n't you see me like the five year old you left , the daughter of your best friend ? 
 i just do n't know how we 're meant to be on equal footing when you 've borne witness to my entire life . 
 you still have all of the memories that were taken from me . '' 
 i looked at him , hoping my question was n't a foolish one . 
 with everything else happening , it somehow seemed petty to even spend time thinking about it . 
 `` i was afraid it would be . 
 after grams died , i knew that i had to come back into the picture . 
 that first night you came into the bar , i immediately knew it was you . 
 the same hair as your mother , the same eyes as your father , and the same sense of lightness that always seemed to cling to you , i knew . 
 but you were so different from the last time i saw you . 
 i did n't watch you grow up , i could n't or i would have aged as well . 
 so i got reports from grams and from everyone else . 
 i knew how well you did in school , and all of the little events that made up your life . 
 but i was n't witness to you . 
 just the events . '' 
 he got up from his chair and moved toward the kitchen . 
 i could see him weighing his next words and wondered what would come next . 
 `` izzy , i do have the memories of a little girl , a bright ray of sunshine . 
 you were always so happy as a child . 
 i think that i only ever saw you cry twice . 
 but when you came into the bar , well , you are n't the same person . 
 you had n't lost the sunshine , but you were grown . 
 you were a woman , tempered by loss and tragedy . 
 your brightness not gone but dulled by a life of loss . 
 even right after you lost grams and came down to the bar , you still had a sense of optimism that i would 've recognized anywhere . '' 
 he walked back over toward me and placed his finger under my chin tilting me to face him . 
 `` make no mistake izzy , i do n't see you as the child i left . '' 
 he looked at me a moment longer with a fire burning in his eyes before releasing me and heading out the door once more . 
 i could swear that i heard him mutter something about complications before he left . 
 alone with the unspoken promises in kennan 's eyes , i was forced to distract myself with something mundane like the dishes . 
 i stood up and moved into the kitchen , taking my plates with me . 
 as i got to the sink , i was struck by a wave a nausea so strong i doubled over , dropping and shattering the dish . 
 just as i felt the wave of nausea subside , my head suddenly felt as though every synapse was firing simultaneously . 
 i yelled out as the overwhelming pain threatened to pull me under . 
 i fell to the floor as my consciousness slipped to somewhere far away . 
 ********** ten there was screaming . 
 everywhere i looked there were people running , horrified . 
 i was standing in the middle of a highway . 
 directly in front of me was a bridge , or at least there used to be one . 
 in its place was a yawning chasm breathing fire and smoke . 
 the wide gap was accompanied by a cacophony of wails that spoke of unimaginable loss and horror . 
 i attempted to talk to the people surrounding me , but it seemed i was but a phantom in all of the chaos . 
 i got confused . 
 why could no one hear me ? 
 how did i even get here ? 
 i yelled as loudly as i could in an effort to attract someone 's attention . 
 how could i be saved if no one could even see me ? 
 i moved to the edge of the chasm and looked across to the other side . 
 there , standing in all of the wreckage , with a smile upon his face , was xavier . 
 he looked across the divide and smiled . 
 his smile chilled my blood and seeped into my soul , turning it to frost . 
 then he whispered , `` tell me where you are . 
 you can be with your mother once more . 
 do n't fight me , little one . 
 we do n't have to be enemies . '' 
 i had no time to think how i could hear his whisper across such a great distance . 
 instead i turned to flee . 
 my only concern was getting as far from him as i possibly could . 
 as i ran , i glanced back behind me to make sure i was n't being pursued . 
 i ran into something solid that wrapped its arms around me . 
 i screamed out , sure that xavier had caught me . 
 `` i 've got you , izzy . 
 come back to me , '' the wall said . 
 i looked up to see not xavier , but kennan . 
 `` it 's not real , izzy . 
 it 's but a vision . 
 calm yourself and come back to me . 
 reach for the now . 
 you can see it . 
 just reach out and grab it . '' 
 i looked around , trying to find what he was talking about , and i saw a glowing path . 
 it was like a stream , flowing through the vision . 
 i waded into it and i felt myself rush away . 
 ********** i was lying on the kitchen floor , disoriented . 
 i felt the sorrow of the wreck , the memories pressed in on me . 
 i looked up to find kennan , sitting on the floor leaning against the cabinets . 
 his giant hand gently stroked my hair . 
 my mouth was full of cotton , causing the formation of words to be more of a challenge than normal . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` you had a vision . 
 i 'm so sorry i was n't there when you went in . 
 i got there as fast as i could . '' 
 i noticed the look of strain on his face , and wondered how much it cost him . 
 `` how ? '' 
 the only word i was able to utter . 
 i hoped that he was able to understand what i was asking without much more explanation . 
 i was afraid that my mouth might have quit working all together at this point . 
 `` if you 're asking how i got in , well to be honest i do n't understand how it works . 
 i know that i 've been witness to your dreams since you were a child . 
 the only ones i ca n't see are those between you and your mother . 
 that is how i knew you were still having the visions , dreams , whatever you want to call them about her . 
 anytime you would have them , i would be unceremoniously kicked to the curb . 
 but as to how i physically got there today , well that has never happened before . 
 i came in when i heard you scream , and you were shaking on the floor . 
 it took a lot to get there , but i think next time it will be easier . 
 i had to get you back . 
 i told you , i will come for you , always , '' he said , still gently stroking my hair . 
 `` did you see him ? '' 
 i asked , the fear evident in the shaking of my voice . 
 `` who ? 
 all i saw was the bridge collapse and you in a disoriented panic . '' 
 `` he was there kennan , i do n't know how . 
 maybe he jacked into my mom 's vision or something , but he was there . 
 he told me not to fight him . 
 he promised that i could be with my mom again . '' 
 tears began streaming down my face once more . 
 there had to be some limit to what a person was able to cry in one day . 
 this was just getting out of hand . 
 `` i did n't see him . 
 you know he is lying , right ? '' 
 his voice gently pleaded . 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm not going to say the thought of being with her is n't tempting . 
 i would be lying to say i do n't want to be surrounded by her warmth once more . 
 but i know i would end up strapped to a machine just like her . 
 what do we do about the wreck i saw ? '' 
 changing the subject seemed to be for the best . 
 repress and move forward . 
 `` did you see anything that would help you know what date it was or where the bridge was located ? '' 
 `` no , i was too panicked . 
 i did n't even know i was in a vision . 
 it was so real . 
 how am i supposed to help people if i do n't even know i 'm having visions ? '' 
 `` you will get used to it , i promise . 
 did you finish reading your mom 's letters ? 
 maybe there is something in there that could help ? '' 
 `` nope , only got through the one . 
 honestly , i do n't know if i have it in me to deal with anything else today . 
 when i opened the first , i had a weird vision of her right before she wrote it . 
 then with what just happened , i feel like my brain has been liquefied . 
 am i allowed to take medicine , or does that mess with the mojo ? '' 
 i asked in earnest , hoping to bring some relief to my now throbbing head . 
 `` go lie on the couch and i will bring you something . '' 
 he stood to rummage through some of the cabinets . 
 as i stood , my legs betrayed me . 
 quicker than i could track , kennan was there once again , scooping me up in his arms . 
 i guessed i should argue with the whole caveman routine , but seeing as my legs decided to go on vacation , i was n't going to complain . 
 he gently lay me on the couch before returning to his search . 
 a few seconds later i heard , `` victory . '' 
 `` here you go , red , '' he said , handing me two pills . 
 `` why do n't we call it a day and just relax for a while ? 
 we can watch one of your movies if you want ? '' 
 i swallowed the pills praying for relief . 
 i did n't even question what they were . 
 at this point , he could 've been tranquilizing me and i would n't care . 
 this , as it turned out , was in the running for the worst birthday ever . 
 it was up there with my parents dying days before my ninth birthday , or my grams dying a little over a week beforehand . 
 between the bad guys , the kidnapping , the visions , and the unending supply of tears , i was willing to call it a day . 
 `` so , what will it be , birthday girl ? '' 
 kennan asked , obviously trying to cheer me up and take my mind off of my suddenly derailed life . 
 `` i 'm thinking it is a jane eyre sort of afternoon . 
 it seems appropriate for the sort of day i 'm having . '' 
 i leaned back on the pillows finally feeling some relief . 
 as i nestled into the couch and made myself comfy under my mother 's quilt , kennan set the tablet up so that we could watch the movie . 
 after getting everything situated , he came and lifted my head up , sliding underneath to become my pillow . 
 he started gently stroking my hair once again , and i was struck by the gentleness of something so rough and large . 
 he bent his massive frame over and kissed me on my forehead like a thousand times before , but this time he lingered , turning it into something full of unspoken promises . 
 `` happy birthday , red , '' he whispered , as i started to go fuzzy around the edges . 
 my last thought was that those pills were made of magic . 
 ********** i awoke with a start and blushed violently . 
 no longer was kennan my pillow . 
 i heard him in the kitchen moving about . 
 thanking god for the time to compose myself , and praying to anyone listening he had not witnessed my dreams . 
 he 'd just been the leading man in a very graphic and detailed dream that was anything but g rated . 
 i looked around the cabin trying to figure out what time it was . 
 outside was n't much help , the constant drizzle made the sun an ineffective indicator . 
 i looked at the clock and noticed it was around four in the afternoon . 
 still dazed , but grateful for the reprieve of the medicine and the time spent unconscious , i decided to shake it all off and start moving forward . 
 no more tears , no more pity parties . 
 not even if there were an imaginary piñata . 
 i threw the best pity parties . 
 onward and upward . 
 or wherever we were going . 
 `` do n't think that you got out of watching the movie , kennan . 
 it totally does n't count if i was asleep for the whole thing , '' i said groggily as i wrapped the blanket around my shoulders and trudged over to the table . 
 i decided to just ignore the dream and pretend it 'd never happened . 
 repression would be the key to my sanity it seemed . 
 i was sure it would all come back to bite me in my hindquarters soon , but for now it was working . 
 `` i said one movie , it 's not my fault you slept through the whole thing , homey , '' he said , taking something out of the oven . 
 `` i thought we 'd discussed your lack of gangsterness already . 
 do i need to put up the intervention banner again , kennan ? '' 
 i deadpanned . 
 `` i am concerned that you 're not aware of how awkward it sounds when you use phrases like ` homey ' or ` g ' . '' 
 he looked over his shoulder at me and stuck out his tongue . 
 a sight to see on an over six foot , tattooed , mountain man . 
 a very yummy mountain man . 
 alright , and moving on . 
 repress , repress , repress . 
 that should be my mantra . 
 `` fine , oh izzy , the glorious . 
 see if i ice this for you when it cools off . 
 birthday or not , you ca n't be knockin ' my slang . '' 
 i peered around him to find that he 'd just taken a cake out of the oven . 
 more importantly , it was a strawberry cake . 
 my absolute favorite . 
 i was n't above begging or groveling , especially when cake was involved . 
 this birthday was starting to look up . 
 i put on my best groveling tone and even threw in some sad eyes . 
 `` oh mighty k.o. , purveyor of delicious baked treats , i apologize profusely for my inability to comprehend the extent of your street cred . 
 please forgive me , and maybe ice that cake as a show of your forgiveness ? '' 
 i smiled hugely , hoping that i did n't look too desperate for the cake . 
 `` your giant eyes of sadness do n't fool me woman , you just want the cake . 
 i 've lived with you long enough to know better than to deny you baked goods . '' 
 he snickered before flipping the cake out of the pan . 
 it seemed being around for a few hundred years had given him time to hone his culinary skills . 
 `` i was hoping to get this finished before you woke up so that i could surprise you . 
 but no , you had to go and ruin the surprise . '' 
 `` i can go back to sleep and wake up in a while . '' 
 as the words left my mouth , i noticed the heat burning in kennan 's eyes . 
 so he 'd witnessed the dream . 
 awesome . 
 just awesome . 
 time for a subject change . 
 `` or , we can go watch some scintillating , gothic romance while we wait for that to cool off . '' 
 and maybe wait for me to cool off . 
 `` but i totally just watched the whole thing while you slept . '' 
 `` you know , for a however many hundred year old person you are , you sure are a terrible liar . 
 you owe me one birthday movie . 
 you better be glad i 'm not making you sit through the colin firth version of pride and prejudice , '' i snickered as i walked back over to the couch . 
 glad to have some semblance of normalcy between us once more . 
 `` how do you do it ? '' 
 he asked with a softness in his voice . 
 `` in all of my years , i 've never seen anyone bounce back from things as quickly as you . 
 you 're bawling one minute and then moving forward the next . 
 how ? 
 how is this not just weighing you down ? '' 
 the spark of wonder hidden in his eyes made me sheepish . 
 `` repression ? '' 
 i said giggling , afraid to give him a real answer , afraid that things would get heavy again . 
 reading my thoughts , like always , kennan asked , `` seriously , just answer . 
 even as a child you were hopelessly optimistic and hard to keep down . 
 with all that has happened to you , you just keep trudging forward . '' 
 `` i do n't want to be defined by the events of my life , kennan . 
 i ca n't walk through life a sad sack of memories . 
 i have days ahead of me , and i do n't know how many . 
 i refuse to live those days drug down by the horrible things of my past . 
 i will enjoy the small moments i 'm given . 
 ultimately , life is all about choices , kennan . 
 my mother taught me that . 
 she told me once that i could choose to be happy or sad . 
 i choose happy . 
 do things suck right now ? 
 yes . 
 but i 'm with my best friend , there is a tablet full of movies i love , a strawberry cake that is begging to be eaten , and i 'm still alive and free . 
 those things matter just as much as the bad stuff . 
 now shut up and let me fall in love with mr. rochester again . '' 
 i turned toward the screen avoiding any further questions . 
 cowardly , but effective . 
 he roughed my hair as he came around , and threw himself on the couch next to me . 
 he pressed play on his way down and we settled in to watch the drama of someone else 's life unfold . 
 ********** eleven by the time the movie ended , kennan was snoring . 
 i supposed he had n't said he would stay awake for the whole thing , so really i could n't be mad . 
 i decided to let him rest and read another of my mother 's letters . 
 i hoped that it contained useful information . 
 perhaps , it would be a welcome letter to harbingers of death anonymous . 
 or maybe a guide book of sorts . 
 prophecy for dummies : perilous predictions edition . 
 getting up from the couch as quietly as i could , i added another log to the fire and curled up in the chair with the second of my mother 's letters . 
 as i opened the letter , i braced myself for another onslaught of memories . 
 thankfully , they never came . 
 instead i was greeted with more words from my mother . 
 my dearest izzy , today was your seventh birthday . 
 i 'm so very proud of the young woman you are becoming . 
 i 'm also incredibly sad that i wo n't be able to watch you grow into the amazing woman i am sure you will become . 
 i mourn the loss of a future with you that i may never have . 
 i 've struggled with trying to find your future in the fog , but i 'm still unable to see what might befall you . 
 so , instead i am forced to write letters to a daughter that i no longer know . 
 a daughter that i was forced to leave . 
 as the day approaches , that i must be parted from you , i find myself becoming more and more embittered . 
 but i have looked into the fog and i have seen that this is the only way to protect you . 
 if i stay , you will be taken . 
 if we run , you will be taken . 
 the only way to be sure is to let him have me . 
 i know that i will have to steal more of your memories . 
 i know that i will leave you thinking that you have lost everyone that loves you . 
 i 'm sorry for that . 
 there really was no other choice , my dear one . 
 i hope that the memories you do have are happy ones . 
 i hope that you remember how cherished you are . 
 by now , you are probably starting to have visions . 
 they are horrifying and disorienting , but you ca n't let yourself get drug down into them . 
 you have to be able to separate yourself from the events and realize that you are not really there . 
 it gets easier with time . 
 each vision will be different . 
 some things can be prevented , while others must remain fixed points . 
 the ones that can be altered will always appear in two layers . 
 they are often the hardest to navigate . 
 one dimension on top of the other . 
 a place that is both ruined , and fine at the same time . 
 the ones that ca n't be prevented are the hardest to watch . 
 but you must remember , it is all in god 's time . 
 why we see both , i do n't know . 
 i 've never understood why i must face such tragedies when i am powerless to alter them . 
 they are the ones you must leave almost as quickly as you enter them . 
 otherwise you will go mad with all of that sadness . 
 the ones you can change , you must linger in . 
 you can look for clues as to where you are . 
 signs , road numbers , landmarks , anything that might distinguish this place from any other . 
 pay attention to the season , or if you are lucky , look on someone 's phone , or newspaper . 
 that will help you to figure out when it is happening . 
 then you just have to figure out a way to prevent the tragedy , whatever it may be . 
 sometimes you will be pulled into the past . 
 things that have already come to be . 
 those are important though . 
 you must stay there and find out why you are seeing it . 
 look for things , things that do n't seem right , things that are out of place . 
 most of all look for them . 
 they linger in the past , in the present , and the future . 
 they have changed so many things throughout the course of history . 
 they 've altered the future of this world in ways that may never be reversed . 
 find them , and perhaps you will find a way to stop them . 
 something that your father and i were never able to do . 
 as much as i want you to be safe , and as much as i want a peaceful life for you , i do n't think it is something in my power to change . 
 i 've watched you these past years . 
 the fearless determination of a soul so pure it does n't know to be afraid . 
 i worry , but i also know that you will be smart . 
 be clever , my sweet girl . 
 do n't do the obvious thing . 
 do n't come for me , and do n't come at them head on . 
 find a way to reset the course . 
 fix what can be fixed , and leave me to the past . 
 i love you more than you will ever know . 
 you are worth protecting . 
 you may very well be all of our salvation , my dear one . 
 with all that i am , mom well , i had been hoping for a guide book . 
 what i 'd gotten was so much more . 
 the information was overwhelming . 
 at least i was n't crying again . 
 i had that under control finally . 
 i pulled myself from my thoughts and looked over to find kennan staring at me . 
 i did n't know how long he 'd been awake , or what he 'd witnessed while i read the letter . 
 whatever it might 've be , he looked concerned . 
 `` why me ? 
 i do n't understand how she thinks i can make a difference , kennan . 
 i 'm one person against an entire evil empire . '' 
 okay , maybe that was a bit of an exaggeration , but that was precisely what it felt like . 
 `` evil empire , iz ? 
 it 's a small group of men that control the corporation . 
 if we can find a way to take them down , then the whole group falls . '' 
 he rubbed his hands down his face , an all too familiar gesture of late . 
 `` well , tomorrow i need to start figuring this all out . 
 i need to physically train , obviously , but i also want to figure out how to control my visions . 
 there has to be some sort of meditation or something i can do , right ? 
 i mean you are kind of my guru , my mister miyagi , my obi wan . '' 
 `` the force is strong with you , izzy , '' he snickered shaking his head . 
 i do n't know why he thought i was joking . 
 i really needed some guru help right about now . 
 `` no really , is there stuff that i can do to help with all of this ? '' 
 i asked , making a circle around my head with my finger . 
 `` well , the insanity is permanent i 'm afraid , but the visions we can work on . '' 
 he smiled as he got up and headed toward the kitchen . 
 the kitchen , where there was a cake . 
 a cake that i 'd somehow totally forgotten about . 
 quicker than i thought myself capable of moving , i was in the kitchen standing next to the cake in question . 
 kennan shook his head at my suddenly animated expression . 
 but this was cake we were talking about here . 
 not just any cake , strawberry cake . 
 really , was there any other kind of cake worth eating ? 
 `` maybe we should eat some real food first , what do you think ? '' 
 my face must have fallen because he started laughing at me . 
 i could n't help my smile . 
 these moments , the ones that were so common and natural , were what had been keeping my head above water the past two days . 
 these were the moments i 'd told him about earlier . 
 the small things mattered to me . 
 `` fine , if you insist on me being healthy and eating balanced meals , i guess i must , '' i said petulantly . 
 `` what are you feeling ? 
 i have some food stocked in here . 
 i could make us some grilled turkey and cheese sandwiches . 
 that would be fast , allowing you to scarf down cake more quickly . '' 
 `` do n't you judge me , kennan o’malley . 
 you know that you will eat just as much of that cake as i will , if not more ! 
 but the sandwiches sound fine i suppose , '' i sighed , gathering up the bread and stuff to prepare the sandwiches so that he could heat them up . 
 dinner passed with easy conversation about normal stuff . 
 i asked about kennan 's childhood and how it felt to move through time without ever really aging . 
 about his past , and how he 'd remained sane with all that he had seen . 
 apparently it was a lot easier than one would think . 
 he regaled me with tales of fighting the roman empire , of touring europe and asia , and of the events in history he 'd witnessed firsthand . 
 by the end , i was convinced i would 've gone mad had it been me in his place . 
 when dinner was over , the cake was finally ready to be eaten . 
 kennan put candles on the top . 
 he walked it over to the table and whispered in my ear , `` make a wish . '' 
 his voice echoed through the darkest recesses of my being , igniting butterflies in my stomach . 
 so i did , i made a wish . 
 i wished foolishly that i would at least always have kennan in my life . 
 to pull me back from the edge of darkness when i needed it , to make me laugh , and to keep me safe from myself and those that might harm me . 
 i closed my eyes and i wished with all of my might . 
 ********** that evening , we decided to call it a night early . 
 i went into my room and decided to put away the contents of my pack . 
 if i was going to be here for a while , i did n't want to be forced to dig through the sack every time i needed something . 
 i put all of the hiking clothes and workout clothes into the top drawer , and then moved onto my unmentionables and the nighties he 'd packed for me . 
 my face started flaming as i stared at the lacy thing . 
 i decided to put it on , feeling dangerous , and wondering what he 'd been thinking when he 'd purchased it for me . 
 it covered all of the important stuff adequately and came down to my mid-thigh . 
 i put the silky robe around me and headed out into the living room to grab some water . 
 as soon as i stepped out of the door , i heard kennan growl . 
 suddenly , i realized the error in my judgment . 
 i should n't have put it on and walked out here . 
 what had i been thinking ? 
 faster than i could track , kennan had me pinned against the log walls , his arms caging me in . 
 he bent over me with a dangerous glint in his eyes . 
 his mouth was a mere breath from my own . 
 i breathed out slowly and met his eyes . 
 i knew there was surprise in my eyes , but something far more dangerous lurked in his . 
 his voice came out in a gravelly , strained rumble . 
 `` i 'm going to need you to change into something else , or not come out here in that . 
 do you understand me ? '' 
 as quickly as he 'd me caged , he was gone on the other side of the room , once again rubbing his hand down his face . 
 i just nodded and moved back into my room , the water forgotten . 
 just before closing the door , i heard him say , `` i should have packed the damned sweat pants . 
 this is torture . '' 
 that night i dreamt of kennan . 
 ********** twelve the next morning was met with a heady mixture of fear and excitement . 
 i wondered what would happen between us today , or if we were going to go back to ignoring the feelings brewing between us . 
 i was personally hoping for the latter . 
 i was n't sure i possessed the emotional fortitude to endure much more . 
 i quickly dressed in some hiking clothes , hoping to get out of the cabin today . 
 i looked out the window , and was surprised to find not drizzle , but sunshine . 
 having procrastinated as long as possible , i walked out into the living room and found it empty . 
 nothing but a note that graced the kitchen table . 
 gone for supplies , be back soon . 
 - k okay then , apparently i was n't the only one practicing the avoidance policy today . 
 determined to get out and get some fresh air , i ventured into the great wilderness . 
 i was greeted by the most amazing smell . 
 i did n't think it possible for a place to smell green , but this place did . 
 it smelled of cedar and pine , of mulch and earth . 
 i was comforted in the lushness of all that surrounded me . 
 the mountain at my back , and the sun beating down on my face to keep me company . 
 even though it was no longer raining , moisture lingered on all of the needles and blades shining like a thousand tiny diamonds . 
 i was lost in reverie walking around the perimeter of the house , careful not to venture out of eyesight of the cabin . 
 i meandered through the woods a bit , but not so far as to get lost . 
 i looked up to the great canopy of trees . 
 their height spoke of an unimaginable passing of time . 
 the fallen giants littering the forest floor made me wonder about the countless days those trees bore witness to before their lives ended . 
 i began to wonder if kennan ever felt like those mighty giants , watching the world pass by and the days fade away . 
 i was so immersed in my reverie that i failed to hear the frantic yells until they were all but on top of me . 
 `` izzy ! 
 where are you ? '' 
 the panic bellowed out of my guardian . 
 i slowly walked back towards the clearing , only to be engulfed in the arms of kennan as he breathed in my hair , panic radiating from him . 
 `` what the hell were you thinking ? 
 i thought they 'd found you . '' 
 he released me , the look of fear replaced by one of anger . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i just wanted to get some fresh air . 
 i feel like i 've been cooped up for the past week , and i just needed to breathe a little . 
 i did n't mean to scare you . '' 
 hoping that my sincerity was evident in my voice , but fearing the next words he might say . 
 `` do n't go anywhere without me , ever again . 
 do you understand me ? 
 i ca n't protect you if i do n't know where you are . 
 you left the protections of the cabin , the shields , and he could 've found you if you were n't careful . '' 
 anger started to rise up in me once more . 
 `` i refuse to be your prisoner , kennan . 
 i ca n't live the rest of my life like some psychotic k.o. worshiper , following two steps behind you . 
 i need to breathe , i need to have some semblance of freedom , or i might as well just turn myself over to the corporation . '' 
 angry tears gathered at the corners of my eyes threatening to fall . 
 kennan closed the distance between us with two smooth steps and tilted my chin up toward his face . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i do n't want you to feel like a prisoner . 
 i just made a promise to your dad and i 'm doing my very best to keep that promise . 
 i ca n't do that if i do n't know where you are . 
 of course you have freedom . 
 but i have to know where you are . 
 you ca n't just leave , sometimes you have to prepare before going out into the world . 
 there are mental protections i can put in place when i have enough time . 
 i can shield you from xavier 's prying . '' 
 `` listen , i get that you are just trying to protect me . 
 you are trying to keep a promise or whatever . 
 but you have to understand that a week ago my life was normal . 
 i was just a bike messenger , living in chicago , going about my day to day life . 
 now i 'm some sort of prophet , seer-person on the run . 
 i 'm terrified , and being cooped up with no freedom is making me feel trapped . 
 you have to cut me a little slack . '' 
 at the end of my tirade i sat down on a fallen log , not caring that my behind might be soaked through in about two seconds . 
 `` fine , '' he said brusquely , `` i have something that will help with your sanity and serve practical purposes as well . '' 
 the way he taunted my sanity made me want to throat punch him . 
 but if this idea of his allowed me to escape the confines of the cabin for a while , i was game . 
 `` alright , what do you have in mind ? '' 
 i asked hesitantly . 
 lord only knew what practical purposes he was referring to . 
 `` well , you want to be out of the cabin for a while , and i need you to know how to escape from here if you need to . 
 so we 're going to do some hiking , '' he said with a look of finality in his eyes . 
 `` hiking , okay , that sounds like something i can handle , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm going to head in and grab the pack you would take if you were on the run . 
 that way you can get used to the weight of it while hiking . '' 
 with that he headed back toward the cabin , not waiting to see if i would follow . 
 sometime between last night and today something had shifted in his countenance . 
 the easy discourse we 'd shared the night before seemingly gone , only to be replaced by a distant man i barely recognized . 
 not knowing if it was what had transpired between us the night before or my having scared him today that had changed his behavior was unnerving . 
 so , back to repression i would go . 
 if i repressed it all , then i could just move forward and not deal with it . 
 i did n't possess the energy to try and fix whatever had broken between us . 
 not today . 
 i headed in after him , reaching around to dust the moss off of my bottom as i went . 
 yup , one wet hiney . 
 oh well , i supposed it would dry while i was hiking to wherever kennan thought i should be going . 
 ********** after kennan packed everything he thought i might need , he called me over . 
 he had me stand perfectly still and placed his hands on either side of my head . 
 i suppressed the urge to curl into him . 
 he held me in place and chanted something in a language i did n't understand . 
 suddenly my head felt lighter , like the strain of the past few days had been lifted . 
 `` what did you do to me , kennan ? '' 
 i asked , not upset , but curious as to what had happened . 
 `` i severed your connection to the outside for now . 
 you wo n't have any visions while we are out . 
 you also wo n't be susceptible to xavier or anyone else getting into your head . 
 i can reverse it when we get back to the cabin . 
 but for now it is necessary . 
 at least until you can learn to block on your own . '' 
 he picked up his pack and looked over his shoulder at me with no hint of a smile . 
 `` grab your gear , we 're losing daylight . '' 
 i grabbed my bag and headed out behind him . 
 i was determined to return his coldness and not show how much his change had upset me . 
 instead , i resolved myself to follow all of his instructions and just keep to myself . 
 my mental guard was enough of a comfort to carry me through the rest of the day . 
 `` alright , where are we headed ? '' 
 i asked as he handed me a map and a compass like i was supposed to know how to use them . 
 seriously , outdoorsman i was not . 
 i have only ever been camping twice in my life . 
 one of those times , we had to go home early because i sprained my ankle walking across a flat meadow . 
 the prospect of navigating this uneven and foreign terrain was a bit daunting . 
 but hey , if i could figure out city maps , maybe i could handle this . 
 `` i have the different exit strategies mapped out here . 
 choose one for today and we will start there . 
 in the next couple of weeks , we will do all of them . 
 once i feel you have the necessary skills to do it , you will do a practice run on each in which you do them solo . 
 i will be close , but you wo n't see me . 
 so pick one , we will start with that and get you acclimated to reading the map and figuring out your coordinates . 
 as we go along , i 'll try and teach you anything that might be vital to your survival . 
 i may not always be there to protect you , so i need to know that you can take care of yourself if necessary . '' 
 quite frankly , the prospect of hiking out here on my own scared the bejeezus out of me . 
 i tried to suppress my shudder , and looked down at the map . 
 i was surprised at how close the cabin was to several major roadways . 
 looking at it now , i realized we could n't possibly be as far from where we left the car as i thought . 
 slightly annoyed , i took a second to ask kennan . 
 `` how far are we from where we left the car the first day ? '' 
 `` about a forty minute hike . 
 i needed to know that you would not try and run , so i took you the long way . '' 
 he said it so matter-of-factly that i once again was filled with the urge to punch him right in his stupid throat . 
 okay , maybe i probably could n't reach high enough to do it , but the visualization was cathartic . 
 i looked back at the map and chose what seemed to be the longest of the routes . 
 if he was determined to act as though i 'd peed in his cornflakes , then i was going to make the day harder on him . 
 take that kennan o’stupidhead . 
 he looked at the route and nodded his head . 
 `` you need to orient yourself in the direction that the path leads . 
 show me how you would do that . '' 
 i looked at the map and the compass and turned myself away from the cabin in the direction i thought i might need to head . 
 kennan moved behind me and turned me about forty-five degrees to the right . 
 i looked back at the map and compass and figured out how to match the two sets of information . 
 i 'd always been a quick learner , and i was determined to learn this as quickly as possible . 
 it was my escape plan after all . 
 i might as well learn how to save my own neck if necessary . 
 i started hiking into the woods , checking the map every few feet to make sure i was still heading in the right direction . 
 from the looks of it , the map had me heading toward the hoh river . 
 after looking more closely at the map , i realized i chose the most mountainous of the escape routes . 
 i guess the joke was on me after all . 
 whatever ! 
 in for a dime ... and all that . 
 we trudged on in silence for about three hours with me stopping every few minutes to check my orientation . 
 the only words that passed between us were those concerning our trek . 
 we climbed up for what seemed an eternity before heading downward toward the river itself . 
 the daylight was starting to fade and i was wondering if we would be heading back in the dark , or if we would be staying the night out in the wilderness . 
 my fear of the dark was only second to my fear of small spaces . 
 i was hoping that somewhere in my pack was some sort of lantern or something that might keep the dark at bay for a while . 
 ready to stop , i broke the silence between us . 
 `` kennan , can we stop for a while ? 
 i 'm getting really tired . 
 i know we have n't made it out yet , but the sun is setting and i do n't think there is any way i can do it in the dark , '' i sighed looking out at the river . 
 i was stunned by its beauty . 
 even in the waning light , its magnificence was undeniable . 
 `` we can stop here for the night . 
 you need to look for a clearing to set up camp . 
 you should look for something close to the water so that fire containment wo n't be such an issue . 
 then you need to go and look for some dry wood to make a fire . '' 
 i looked at him like he 'd grown a second head . 
 just what in the hay was he going to be doing while i was busting my bottom ? 
 `` okay . '' 
 i drew the word out so that my irritation was evident . 
 well , at least it was evident to me . 
 i looked around and found a level piece of ground that was nestled against the rocky shore of the river . 
 i headed in that direction , checking the clearing for critters that might crawl out of a hole and eat me while i slept . 
 satisfied with my choice , i set my bag down and headed out in search of firewood . 
 finding dry wood on the olympic peninsula turned out to be more daunting of a task than i 'd anticipated . 
 with some work , i was able to find four passable pieces of wood . 
 i carried them back to the site and noticed that kennan was out in the water with his shirt off . 
 that water must 've be freezing . 
 but seeing as kennan was now being a royal pain in my arse , i did n't care if he got hypothermia . 
 on second thought , i 'd be stuck in the wilderness alone for the rest of my short days if he died on me . 
 `` kennan , you 're going to catch your death . 
 what are you doing out there ? '' 
 i asked as dispassionately as i could . 
 he would n't catch me caring , no siree bob . 
 two could play this game . 
 `` catching dinner , '' was all he replied before reaching into the river to pull out a fish . 
 so , he was part bear as well . 
 that was good to know . 
 maybe they did n't have fishing poles back when he was born . 
 i snickered to myself , imagining the first dude that invented a fishing pole and kennan being all , `` nah i got this . '' 
 i stacked the wood and dug through my pack looking for something to light the fire with . 
 i found a lighter buried underneath several sets of clothing . 
 pulling from all of the survival shows i 'd watched , i lit a small ball of tinder . 
 i prayed the wood was n't too damp to catch . 
 with a little luck , and a light head from blowing on the embers , the wood finally caught . 
 i looked up to see kennan heading my way with several fish . 
 he pulled a grate out of his pack on his way to the fire . 
 after getting the fish situated , he headed back to his pack and pulled on a hoodie . 
 i headed over to my pack and decided to figure out what i was going to sleep on before the light faded . 
 i saw a mat that resembled my yoga mat from back home rolled up underneath . 
 i took the straps off and unfurled it , thankful that it was n't as thin as my mat back home . 
 i shuffled through the giant pack in search of a sleeping bag . 
 i pulled it out of its small pouch , surprised that something so large could collapse to be so compact . 
 kennan spared no expense on his kidnapping supplies it would seem . 
 i lay it all out between the river and the fire . 
 my logic being that no big bad critters would want to cross the fire to eat me . 
 well , that was my hope at any rate . 
 i wondered if bigfoot was afraid of fires . 
 i dug around in my pack in search of something warmer to put on . 
 i found a fleece jacket and pulled it on and followed it up with a fleece hat . 
 i refused to die of a little thing like exposure . 
 it may have only been forty something degrees , but i was still cold . 
 i walked back toward the fire , the aroma of fish drawing me in . 
 suddenly , i was famished . 
 kennan was dishing up the food as i arrived . 
 i sat down as he handed me a plate , the silence unnerving me . 
 i dug in , the food gone entirely too quickly . 
 i must have looked pathetic because kennan began rifling through his pack . 
 he pulled something out and tossed it my way . 
 i looked down in my hands and saw that he 'd given me a power bar . 
 nothing to top a dinner off like a fine sundae , i mean protein bar . 
 alas , beggars can not be choosers . 
 the strawberry cake of the previous evening conjured itself in my memories like a traitorous letch . 
 i ate the bar in silence , trying to be grateful for a full belly . 
 i got up and headed to the river to rinse my plate , when i returned i placed it close to the fire . 
 i looked at kennan and noticed that he was staring at me , a thousand emotions dancing in his eyes like the flames they reflected . 
 i sighed , steeling my resolve . 
 i was n't going to try and mend whatever bridge seemed to have burned between us . 
 to my knowledge , i had done nothing to deserve his change . 
 `` good night , kennan , '' i said , as the tears threatened to break through . 
 my resolve did nothing to soften the blow of the loss . 
 `` good night , '' i heard him mutter . 
 i headed to my sleeping back and curled up . 
 i prayed that sleep would come quickly , that at least there i would find some shelter from the storm of my life . 
 for once , my prayers were granted . 
 ********** thirteen the next morning , i rose with the sun . 
 i oriented myself quickly before gathering clothes for the day . 
 i spared a glance toward kennan to be sure he was still asleep before heading over to the river . 
 i bent over the water and splashed my face with the frigid water , effectively chasing away any remnants of sleep that might 've still clung to me . 
 i pulled my clothes off from the night before , replacing them just as quickly with the ones i 'd taken from my pack . 
 my flesh rose wherever the cool air kissed it . 
 once i was completely changed , i headed back to my sleeping bag . 
 i glanced over to where kennan was sleeping moments before . 
 he was sitting with his head buried in his hands as though he was trying to shake something out of his vision . 
 suddenly , he stood and looked over at me . 
 `` you need to change in your sleeping bag from now on , '' he said gruffly before turning back to his stuff to finish packing . 
 `` well , i thought you were asleep . 
 i 'm so terribly sorry if you saw something that offended your delicate sensibilities , '' i said snippily . 
 i refused to be cowed by a man that 'd barely spared me twenty words the previous day . 
 i began shoving my stuff back in my bag , fueled by my temper and the need to start moving forward . 
 i found a stash of protein bars and other snacks in a pocket that i had n't noticed the day before . 
 after getting my stuff put away i grabbed a bag of granola out and started munching while i plotted the rest of the trek . 
 i looked at the river and noticed that i was going to link up with the hoh river trail at some point . 
 that trail would lead me out of the back country to a resort . 
 well , there was no time like the present . 
 i got up and started heading westward keeping to the river . 
 i never glanced back to see if kennan followed . 
 i was starting to feel like a fall in the river , mixed with a swift drowning , would be preferable to my current situation . 
 i was fed up with the drama and heartache the past few days had thrown my way . 
 in a rare fit of pique , i allowed my anger to fuel me . 
 tired of the loss of control , i headed out into the forest without a thought to my safety . 
 reckless abandon was quite freeing , it turned out . 
 a mile or so later , i realized there was a reason people had n't taken up rage hiking as a hobby . 
 my anger had caused me to end up in a rather precarious position . 
 i was faced with either climbing up what might be a cliff face , or wading through the frigid water to make my way around the bend . 
 had i taken the time to look at the map more often , and perhaps let a more level-headed detached person help me , i might not be in this predicament . 
 i refused to back track the half mile . 
 my feet were in serious pain and i knew i did n't have much left in me . 
 i decided that up would be my best bet . 
 half way up , i lost my footing , and began to slide down . 
 i felt myself slipping away and suddenly realized all of my bluster from earlier was for the birds . 
 turns out , i still wanted to live quite a lot . 
 i yelled out scrambling to grab a hold of anything that might slow my fall . 
 kennan caught me just as my panic came to a fever pitch . 
 he helped me find a foothold once more , and we continued up the incline with him close behind . 
 my breath hitched in my throat , and by the time we made it to the top of the hill i was a hot mess . 
 i was unsure what kind of bad karma i was toting around that had caused me to lose everyone that had ever mattered to me . 
 i was angered by the loss and even more so by the loss of the last person that mattered , kennan . 
 he had saved me , but there was a complete lack of warmth between us where our friendship once lived . 
 i allowed the tears to fall , mourning the loss , while simultaneously purging the anger that had fueled the entire morning . 
 i stopped to wipe my eyes , the tears making it impossible to discern the path . 
 i began to walk again as i felt a tug at my elbow and kennan pulled me into his arms . 
 i pushed against him , refusing to be comforted by someone that was suddenly so changeable . 
 i breathed out slowly to try and keep the shudder from my voice . 
 `` please let go . 
 just do n't . 
 i do n't know what i did , and honestly i do n't want to know at this point . 
 i just want to get through this , figure out how to bring all of the bad guys down , and then go back to living a quiet life . 
 one that you do n't have to be a part of . 
 i 've lost everyone that matters , and now even you 're gone . 
 i do n't know what changed , but if we 're going to get through this , you have to stop switching on me . 
 just be this way or be my friend . 
 either way , i just ca n't handle the yoyo routine you 're pulling on me . '' 
 deflated with my emotional leakage i tried to step away from him . 
 `` izzy , '' he began , `` i ... '' `` do n't . 
 i do n't want an explanation . 
 i just need help to get through this . 
 if you can do that , then please do it with at least a little civility . '' 
 `` damn it woman , let me finish . 
 i do n't know how to do this , okay ? 
 i do n't know how to be what you want me to be and keep my promise at the same time , '' he said as if his words should make sense to me . 
 `` all i want is to have my friend back . 
 i do n't understand why you ca n't be that guy and my guardian . 
 you kept me safe in chicago for two years . '' 
 frustration poured off of me in waves . 
 i tried to edge away from him once more . 
 instead i was pulled back into his embrace . 
 `` honestly , i do n't know that i did such a great job in chicago . 
 you almost got caught . 
 had i not been there that day at the museum , i shudder to think what might have happened . 
 i promised your dad that i would keep you safe . 
 he was once the only person that mattered to me . 
 if i fail in protecting his daughter , then i will have failed him . 
 i ca n't live with that . 
 so , for now i need to be distant and objective . 
 i need to know that you can survive without me . '' 
 he released me and walked forward leaving me numb . 
 alright , distance and no friendship . 
 this was just going to be a barrel of laughs . 
 not that saving the world and taking down evil corporations should be fun , but the heroine should at least have some perks . 
 maybe a bat cave , or some shiny weapons . 
 instead i got the olympic wilderness and a bipolar sensei . 
 i would have to make the best of it , just like my mom taught me . 
 we continued the day 's hike with small talk every now and again . 
 we passed most of the time by discussing the surrounding wilderness and things that it contained that would help my escape . 
 as we exited the backcountry , the sun was beginning to set once more . 
 once we reached the lodge , kennan pulled some keys out of his pocket . 
 he walked up to a vehicle parked in the darkest corner of the lot and got in . 
 i followed , hoping that we were n't stealing some unsuspecting tourists only means of mobility . 
 we traveled south on 101 for a while before turning off on a familiar gravel road . 
 he parked the car where the suv was resting . 
 i finally asked about the current car we were traveling in . 
 `` so , how many cars do you have , big guy ? '' 
 i was hoping for brevity , but i just ended up sounding tired instead . 
 `` there is a car parked at each one of the escape routes . 
 once you hike out you will find a car waiting for you . 
 i 'll give you a set of keys . '' 
 we climbed out of the car , and he set about camouflaging it like the suv . 
 then we headed back into the woods once more . 
 i was hoping all the while that he would take the short route . 
 now that the adrenaline of my anger had worn off , i was struck by how much pain i was in . 
 my feet were killing me and all i wanted to do was sleep in a comfortable bed . 
 all of my muscles simultaneously screamed out in a seemingly unionized protest . 
 by the time we reached the cabin , full dark had set in . 
 we walked through the door and kennan headed to the fireplace to get it going . 
 i plopped down on the couch with my backpack still attached like a symbiotic organism . 
 `` man , my dogs are barking , '' i said as i lay there , every muscle in my body giving up simultaneously . 
 kennan moved towards my feet to take off my shoes . 
 i did n't argue , considering my arms had quit working around the same time my leg muscles had decided to atrophy . 
 he pulled my shoes off to reveal socks tinged a red color . 
 i was pretty sure i had n't put on tie dyed socks that morning . 
 he started to peel my socks away from my feet and i winced . 
 `` why did n't you say anything about your feet , izzy ? '' 
 he reprimanded as he tried to gently pry my socks the rest of the way off . 
 i looked down to my ruined feet and felt the blood rush out of my face . 
 `` i knew they were hurting , but i also knew we could n't stop , that we needed to get out of there today . 
 so i just sucked it up and trudged on . 
 they are n't that bad , are they ? '' 
 i asked hopefully , not wanting to look at them again . 
 `` next time , if you are hurting , you say something . 
 this could 've been prevented . '' 
 he looked at me , anger and concern etched on his face . 
 even i had to admit the stupidity in my actions . 
 i nodded as he moved away toward the bathroom bringing back a washcloth and a basin of water . 
 i also noticed he was carrying a jar of some sort of salve along with bandages . 
 he set about working on my feet as i lay there basking in my own stupidity . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 i asked as he set about opening the jar and smearing the cream on the worst of my injuries . 
 `` ack , that stuff smells horrible . 
 seriously , what is it ? '' 
 i asked as i wrinkled my nose . 
 `` it 's an herbal remedy . 
 old healers used to use it . 
 the salve will speed up your healing process threefold . 
 you should be able to hike again in four days . 
 without this , you would 've been out for at least a week if not more . 
 next time , you do n't keep hiking if it hurts . 
 next time , you speak up . 
 are we understood ? '' 
 he asked so clinically it set my teeth on edge . 
 `` yeah , i understand . 
 i can put the bandages on you know . 
 i do n't need you to take care of me . 
 i 'm perfectly capable of handling myself , this incident of stupidity aside . 
 besides , do n't i need to build calluses or something like that ? 
 all of the hiking stuff i 've read talks about how calluses will prevent future blisters , and the quickest way to get calluses is from blistering . '' 
 i felt quite inflated only to be brought right back down . 
 `` yeah , blisters help , but only if they have n't burst . 
 i 'm perfectly aware that you can take care of yourself . 
 just shut up and let me do this . 
 i should 've noticed you were hurting and had i not been such an ass to you , i would 've . 
 you would n't have kept it from me , '' he sighed as he set about bandaging my poor feet . 
 after he 'd finished his task , i started to get up from the couch and head toward my room to dump my stuff . 
 i had to try three times to get up before kennan felt pity and gave me a hand . 
 i hobbled to my room , not looking back , and dropped my stuff . 
 i dug some clothes out of my drawer and headed to the bathroom to wash up more . 
 the river water had n't done much in the way of hygiene . 
 when i finished i headed back out into the living room to hear kennan snickering at me . 
 i glared toward him with the most severe and intimidating look i could muster , only causing him to laugh harder . 
 once again , his mood swinging so violently i was starting to get seasick . 
 i looked at him and continued to hobble my dirty things to my room . 
 kennan laughed all of the while . 
 i dropped my stuff in my room and turned toward him . 
 `` what is so funny ? 
 do find my misfortune amusing ? '' 
 `` no , you just sort of look like a penguin the way you are wobbling around here . 
 sit down and i 'll bring you something to eat . 
 and try not to pull any muscles in your face with that expression . '' 
 he headed off toward the kitchen and returned with some chips and a coke . 
 i did n't drink soda very often , but when i did , i drank coke . 
 ha , i sounded like that beer guy . 
 i sipped the soda while looking at kennan dubiously , afraid that he would revert back to the distance policy . 
 he sank down onto the chair across from the couch confirming that the distance would be maintained . 
 i hated myself at that moment for yearning for his closeness . 
 i had n't realized until the past couple of days how much i 'd depended on kennan for friendship and emotional support . 
 and now , i had neither . 
 `` i think that i 'm going to go to bed kennan , '' i said , with a lump in my throat and a sick feeling rising in my stomach . 
 i could n't face him right now . 
 it all served as a reminder of what i 'd lost and what had replaced it . 
 instead , i pushed the feelings down , and hobbled to my room . 
 as i shut my door , i heard him curse and what sounded like a chair getting an undeserved beating . 
 too wrung out to care , i fell onto my bed and into the arms of oblivion . 
 ********** fourteen i awoke with a start , having slept another dreamless night . 
 years had passed without a peaceful night 's sleep , and i realized that whatever whammy kennan had put on me was responsible for my rest . 
 i would have to remember to thank him for it , but ultimately i knew i could n't hide any more . 
 i sat up and placed my feet on the floor preparing for the onslaught of discomfort . 
 none came . 
 i looked down and my feet and hesitantly peeled back a bandage . 
 where there had been carnage the night before , there were now light pink splotches . 
 i tested my feet on the floor and found them to feel fine . 
 i got up and headed out into the living room . 
 once again , kennan was nowhere to be found . 
 a few seconds later , a thwack from outside announced his whereabouts . 
 i looked through the window to see kennan chopping more firewood . 
 the stack behind him was high enough to supply a family of five for an entire winter . 
 somebody was apparently worked up . 
 i shuffled into the kitchen , putting kennan out of my mind . 
 today i was going to have to try and jack into my own mind and figure out how this communication and vision thing worked . 
 but first , i needed some fuel . 
 i started the coffee pot and rummaged through some cabinets before coming out with some oatmeal . 
 i set about preparing my breakfast , refusing to let anything get to me today . 
 the last few days i 'd been such a complete train wreck . 
 it was time to move on . 
 for real , this time . 
 no matter if i was on my own , i could n't wallow in my own vat of sadness . 
 i was n't some emo teenager after all . 
 adults had to suck it up and trudge forward , and that was precisely what i intended to do . 
 i ate in silence and cleaned up my dishes . 
 the only sound accompanying me the thwack of kennan 's axe as he mutilated the poor unsuspecting logs . 
 i headed to the door and stuck my head out asking kennan to come inside . 
 he gave me a quizzical look , but humored me . 
 `` i need you to unwhammy me now , '' i said with determination . 
 `` i do n't have to do it yet izzy . 
 i can give you a few more days of rest before you get sucked back into the fog , '' he said hesitantly , obviously not sure what i was up to . 
 `` i need to figure out how to work my head , and the only way i can do that is if i 'm not blocked . 
 since i ca n't hike for a few days , and i ca n't do any other sort of training , i thought i might train my brain . 
 or at least try and figure out how to work with what is going on up there . '' 
 i looked at him expectantly . 
 either he would argue the stupidity of what i was trying to do , or he would do what i asked . 
 `` is this what you really want , red ? 
 i mean , it is all happening so fast . 
 if you want to rest for a while and get better no one would blame you . '' 
 the sound of caring in his voice put me on edge . 
 i would n't deal with that today . 
 i could n't deal with it . 
 i had an objective and i would move forward . 
 focus and repress . 
 maybe that should be my new mantra . 
 focus , repress , focus , repress . 
 but certainly do n't focus on the repression . 
 `` i need to do this . 
 if you must know , i would blame myself if i just lounged about while the world is getting well and truly thrashed by bad guys . 
 if i 'm going to make a difference , i ca n't really take a vacation , kennan . 
 if you remember , i did n't come out here of my own accord . 
 this is n't some fun hiking excursion for me . 
 so the sooner i embrace what is going on and how much everything has changed , the better . '' 
 the last statement spoke as much to our relationship as every other circumstance of my life . 
 a look of understanding passed behind kennan 's eyes before he moved toward me . 
 he placed his warm hands on either side of my face before bending his forehead to brush my own . 
 his heat radiated inside of me and melded with my own like we were two parts to a whole . 
 i cursed my traitorous body while he set about lifting whatever protection he had placed two days before . 
 i felt the weight rush in instantly and swayed with its impact . 
 kennan 's hands steadied my shoulders as i got myself under control . 
 i took a deep breath and looked him in the face . 
 `` thanks , that 's all i needed , '' i said before disentangling myself from his arms and heading back toward my room . 
 i still had a letter to read from my mother . 
 it was just the sort of distraction i needed . 
 with any luck , i might get some questions answered in the mix . 
 i walked into my room and sat down on my bed with my back against the log wall and my legs crossed . 
 i opened the letter , knowing that a vision was possible , yet once again , nothing came . 
 i pulled the paper from the envelope and noticed there were several spots of smeared ink and the words were runny in places . 
 my dear one , it 's time . 
 i do n't have very long before i must leave you . 
 in fact , i just have a few hours . 
 i just wanted to say goodbye . 
 i know there is so much more that i should 've told you . 
 i know that in the grand scheme of things , i 'm leaving you with more questions than answers . 
 i just do n't have time to explain it all . 
 if you ever need me , you can find me in your dreams . 
 as long as i live , i will be there . 
 call out to me and i will answer . 
 i love you more than you will ever know . 
 be brave my sweet girl . 
 you have been my sunshine these last 8 years . 
 i hope that someday that brightness shines on the rest of the world . 
 i know what i hope from you , and what others will ask of you , but ultimately the choice is yours . 
 remember to trust yourself , you know how to do everything you need to . 
 you just have to trust in yourself to find the right path . 
 i 'll miss you so much , my little izzy bear . 
 i hope that someday we may meet again beyond the fog . 
 i hope that god grants me the strength to make it long enough to help you . 
 but most of all i hope that god grants me enough days to see you safe . 
 please do n't ever doubt that you were and are still loved . 
 goodbye . 
 i love you without end , mom i wiped the tears from my eyes , once more feeling her love seep from the words on the page . 
 i finally admitted to myself how much of a void her absence had left in my life . 
 i was always close to both of my parents , but my mother was like an ethereal creature . 
 she was the light to my father 's darkness . 
 there was always something so guarded and cautious about my father . 
 he loved us both without abandon , but he was never carefree like my mother . 
 even knowing all she knew , she was still able to give me a childhood filled with joy and adventures under the alabama sun . 
 i missed them both so much . 
 the years that i 'd repressed , the longing suddenly came rushing back to haunt me . 
 i lay down on my pillow , hoping to pull myself back to the present , but instead i was pulled into a parade of phantoms once more . 
 polaroid 's of time flash before my eyes like an old photo album . 
 i saw my mother 's face lit up with a knowing smile while she was held under my watchful father . 
 i saw my father twirling me in the air and remembered screaming , `` higher ! '' 
 i saw snippets of a childhood filled with love and laughter . 
 but in the periphery i caught glimpses of my mother 's worry . 
 i caught silent talks between my mother and father when they thought no one was watching . 
 the first eight years of my life were laid out like stepping stones . 
 hours slipped away as i lay there immersed in a time long gone . 
 i finally allowed myself to mourn the loss of my father . 
 to mourn the loss of a mother that i may never see again . 
 i finally understood that it was not just my childhood that was altered by the corporation . 
 in so many of my memories , a ghost of kennan echoed . 
 he was there with my father as they shared inside jokes , borne over hundreds of years of history together . 
 it was n't just me that had lost my parents . 
 kennan had lost his best friend , and yet he 'd still promised to watch out for me . 
 i knew that it must 've been impossibly hard to face someone that was a constant reminder of everything he 'd lost . 
 i lay there , inanimate , for some time before the knocking on my door pulled me from my thoughts . 
 i rubbed my eyes checking for moisture , but found they were finally dry . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 i choked out , hoping the frailty in my voice was not evident to anyone else . 
 `` umm , iz ? '' 
 kennan asked hesitantly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i made no effort to get up and move to the door . 
 he could tell me what he wanted from where he was . 
 i really had nothing left to give him on this day . 
 my tears had run dry and my emotional gauge was resting at empty . 
 `` can i come in for a minute ? 
 i need to say some stuff . 
 well , '' he sounded off , like he had something stuck in his throat , `` yeah , please just let me in . '' 
 `` it is n't locked , kennan . 
 just come in . '' 
 i did n't mean to sound brusque , but i had nothing left to give him . 
 he opened the door and i noticed the sadness lingering behind his eyes . 
 he looked at me and it was as though my expression physically punched him in his gut . 
 he looked back toward the living room as if he wanted to retreat , but then he straightened his shoulders and moved into my room . 
 he sat down on the end of the bed , as far from me as the small bed would allow . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he hung his head in his hands and for the first time i saw all of those years float around him . 
 i saw images of his past flicker before my eyes . 
 years and years of a life of waiting for the one he was meant to guard . 
 it was as though i could pluck anything from his life and watch it unfold . 
 i must 've unleashed something when i had my trek through my own history . 
 i did n't know if i could read kennan so easily because of our history , or if this was something i would be able to do with anyone . 
 i did n't feel right prying through all of his memories , so instead i focused on the present and brought myself back to something i had rarely ever heard kennan do . 
 he had apologized . 
 `` why ? 
 what are you sorry for kennan ? '' 
 sorry you ever met me , i added silently . 
 `` i 'm sorry because you deserve better than me . 
 i 'm sorry because i 've been an ass the last few days . 
 i do n't know how to be objective with you . 
 mostly , i 'm sorry that my behavior has caused you to retreat into yourself and go through what you just did on your own . 
 i could 've been there to help you learn how to sift memories . 
 i felt it when you started and i did n't even try and help . '' 
 i looked at him , shocked that he knew i had just paraded through my memories for the past few hours , yet did n't bother coming in to check on me until it was all over . 
 i was even more surprised to find my anger just a smoldering coal . 
 it appeared that my emotions were going to be taking a hiatus for the rest of the day . 
 in their place i was left with a certain sense of detachment . 
 so instead of getting emotional or responding to his apology , i decided to strive for information . 
 `` can i do that with everyone ? 
 sift through their memories ? '' 
 i asked , curious as to whether or not he had felt me on the edges of his memories fanning through them . 
 `` yes , you can . 
 your mother could as well . 
 it 's a rare talent with your kind . 
 it 's much easier for you to do it with someone you 've known for a while . 
 but i would prefer you not sift through my memories if it is all the same to you , '' he said , with a knowing look . 
 `` well , how am i supposed to figure out how to do it without someone to test it on , kennan ? '' 
 i was really hoping to get some sort of practice in today . 
 `` i 'll make you a deal . 
 you only sift through my memories from before you were born . '' 
 he grabbed my face and turned it toward his own before continuing . 
 `` i 'll know if you go tromping where i do n't give you permission , and you wo n't like what happens if you do . '' 
 i felt myself heat up internally . 
 my body responded to the threat in his voice as well as the fire burning in his eyes . 
 he might have been able to tamp down his feelings and remain distant earlier , but now his emotions were coming off of him in strong waves . 
 i shook myself free of him and stuck my right hand out . 
 he looked at it and then engulfed my small hand within his own . 
 `` i promise not to tromp where i am not welcome . 
 maybe you could put up some mental ` no trespassing ' signs or something , '' i said , hoping to steer us into less emotional waters . 
 he nodded and then looked at me sternly as if to scold me . 
 `` i 'm trusting you , izzy . 
 there are things in there that i do n't want to be seen . 
 not by you . 
 so you stick to the stuff from long ago . 
 it will be easy to sift through and find it . 
 the memories that seem clearest are my most recent memories from what i understand . 
 so look for the ones that seem fuzzy around the edges or just out of reach . 
 those should be safe . 
 but the minute i feel you brush up against memories that are n't yours we 're done . 
 do you understand me ? '' 
 `` yes sir , '' i said , before mock saluting him . 
 `` so , how does this work ? 
 do i just sort of woowoo you somehow , or should i touch you ? 
 is there a chant or something ? '' 
 `` from what your mom said , physical contact makes the connection easier . 
 you can do it without touching , but she always said the images were much clearer when she was touching someone , '' he said , before leaning back against the wall as if to brace for what was to come . 
 `` alrighty then . 
 let 's get to this , '' i said as i reached out and grabbed his hand once more . 
 i let the warmth of his hand surround my own and tried to find his memories but there was nothing there . 
 nothing but my hand perfectly nestled in his . 
 i opened my eyes and breathed out heavily . 
 `` nothing is happening . 
 are you sure there is n't some sort of chant ? 
 am i supposed to sacrifice a chicken or something ? '' 
 `` it is n't a ritual . 
 izzy . 
 just try and clear your head , which i know is asking a lot from you . 
 but just let your mind wander . 
 do n't try and force it , '' he said with a trace of his old humor . 
 so i did what he asked me . 
 i grabbed his hand in mine once again and waited . 
 i tried not to think of anything . 
 which , by the way , is incredibly hard , because the more i tried not to think of anything , the more stuff i thought about . 
 eventually , i got to a place where everything seemed foggy . 
 i breathed slowly like all of my yoga classes , okay videos , had taught me , and tried to center myself . 
 i focused on kennan and noticed a constant stream of images pulsing around him . 
 millions of memories layered one on top of the other shifted around kennan . 
 his entire history lay at my mental fingertips . 
 i spent the next few hours sifting through his past memories . 
 i watched battles play out . 
 i watched as he played tricks on my father . 
 i watched him train . 
 i watched as the world shifted and changed around him while he stayed the same . 
 he was an immovable object in a changeable world . 
 i witnessed the sadness and loneliness that he felt throughout his long life . 
 i saw him long to finally meet the one he was meant to protect just so his days could end . 
 then i saw him meet my mother for the first time . 
 i saw how her joy calmed his spirit , and how he 'd finally found a home with my father and mother . 
 just before he pulled his hand away from my own i saw myself as a baby . 
 the present rushed in around me causing me to become disoriented . 
 i tried to steady myself , but the roll of nausea became too much to bear . 
 i ran to the restroom before tossing up my breakfast . 
 i sat on the floor for a minute , trying to get my stomach to stop trying to exit my body . 
 once i finally calmed myself , i got up and rinsed my mouth and brushed my teeth before heading back to my room . 
 `` will it be like that every time ? '' 
 i asked kennan . 
 if i got sick every time i tried to sift through someone 's memories , that would be one heck of a tell . 
 `` no , i should have told you to sever the contact . 
 i cut it off and that is what made you sick . 
 i felt you trying to look through memories that are n't yours to see . 
 so we are done for now . 
 you should probably try and get some sleep for a while . '' 
 and with that he left me alone . 
 i knew that i 'd been wading into memories he asked me not to see , but him not wanting me to see them made me want to know what they were . 
 i lay down on my bed with his memories to keep my own company . 
 i marveled at all of the things he 'd seen and i 'd only hit the highlights . 
 there was so much more . 
 the more i thought about it though , the worse i felt . 
 i suddenly felt like i 'd seen things he probably had n't wanted me to see . 
 after all , if a person wants you to know something , they would tell you . 
 in this case , i 'd just pried into his head and pulled out memories that were n't mine to take . 
 this seer business kind of sucked . 
 i had all of these super powers , but i felt guilty using them . 
 my mom and grams both always taught me that it was not polite to pry . 
 yet , that is exactly what i 'd just done . 
 i wondered if all of those warnings were to keep me from maniacally going about the world sifting through everyone 's memories . 
 i could probably turn a lot of bad guys in to the authorities . 
 but then i would have to do the whole , `` ma’am , how did you know he robbed that convenient store ? '' 
 and then i would have to be all , `` well you see officer , i saw it in his head . '' 
 then they would proceed to cart me off to the loony bin . 
 so it was probably in my best interest if i did n't go sifting where i was n't welcome . 
 i lay on the bed for a long time , feeling guiltier as the seconds ticked by . 
 so instead of wallowing in my guilt i decided to get up , put my big girl panties on , and apologize for trying to barge into memories kennan had n't wanted me to see . 
 i opened the door and found him sitting on the couch reading a book . 
 `` kennan , i 'm sorry . 
 i know that i went poking where i was n't supposed to . 
 so , yeah , i suck . 
 sorry , '' i said sheepishly . 
 `` iz , i get it . 
 you need to know how to do the whole mind meld thing , but next time do n't push . 
 there are reasons i do n't want you to sift through those memories . 
 reasons i 'll tell you someday . 
 but as my friend , i need you to promise not to go there yet . '' 
 the word friend caught me off guard . 
 more importantly , it pissed me off . 
 `` oh , so now we 're friends again . 
 awesome . 
 you ca n't just go throw the friend card around whenever i have done something to upset you . 
 because you have been kind of a shit friend the last few days . 
 pardon my french . '' 
 i sat down heavily in the chair across from him . 
 i felt weird having actually cussed . 
 i was raised to know better , but sometimes a girl just needed a stronger word . 
 shocked at my outburst , and even rarer use of colorful language , kennan paled . 
 he rubbed his face again and walked over toward my chair . 
 he lowered his massive frame down so that he was eye level with me before leaning in and kissing my forehead . 
 `` you will always be my friend , izzy . 
 no matter what may come , you are my friend . 
 and yes , i have been an unmitigated ass to you the past few days . 
 it was just so much easier when you did n't know . 
 i could just be your friend and not have to worry about protecting you or training you . 
 i lived in denial for so long that now reality is rushing in and i 'm ill equipped . 
 so , just let me get my bearings . 
 i will try and be less of an ass , okay ? '' 
 he stuck his hand out with his pinky up . 
 `` are you late for high tea or something , kennan ? '' 
 i asked snarkily . 
 `` no , i 'm trying to pinky promise you . '' 
 he looked serious and i suddenly burst out laughing . 
 something about the sight of a man his size trying to pinky promise finally cracked through all of the other emotions weighing me down . 
 i laughed for the longest time and the harder i laughed , the more irritated kennan 's expression became . 
 which only fueled my laughter further . 
 by the time i 'd composed myself , kennan had moved back to the couch and had gone back to reading his book . 
 `` okay , i 'm sorry , but you have to admit that you looked ridiculous . 
 i mean , when have you ever pinky promised in your life ? '' 
 i had trouble imagining such a guy 's guy ever doing anything as girly as pinky promising . 
 `` if you must know , you used to make me pinky promise you all of the time . 
 so just shove that in your pipe and smoke it , smarty pants . '' 
 he never took his eyes off of his book as he delivered that little nugget . 
 `` well , i 'm pretty sure i was much smaller , but i will take your pinky promise all the same . 
 you have to know that a pinky promise is quite binding . 
 horrible , terrible things befall those that forsake the oath spoken over the pinky . 
 i 'm pretty sure if you start being an ass to me again you might bring down a plague or a swarm of locusts upon yourself , '' i said with mock seriousness . 
 i knew teasing him was probably not the best course of action . 
 suddenly , kennan was right in front of me holding out his pinky once more . 
 i smiled barely able to contain my laughter . 
 once my eyes locked with kennan 's , some of my humor faded . 
 his eyes spoke of a serious vow not to be broken . 
 so , i hooked his pinky in my own and realized that the feeling was not so unfamiliar . 
 i wondered what things i 'd made him promise when i was young . 
 `` i vow to try and be both your friend and guardian . 
 i will try my very best not to be an ass if you promise to stop doing stupid stuff around me . '' 
 he looked me in the eyes like i should know exactly what stupid stuff he was talking about . 
 `` what stupid stuff ? 
 did n't you just vow not to be an ass ? '' 
 `` i mean the whole prancing about in lingerie and stripping down to nothing in front of me . 
 you never did that back in chicago , why would you do it now ? '' 
 `` whoa there big guy . 
 i 'm pretty sure you packed those clothes . 
 second of all , i thought you were asleep . '' 
 the second i practically yelled . 
 i would be darned if he was going to blame me for something that was not intentionally done . 
 `` fine , whatever , just promise to be fully clothed from now on . '' 
 his eyes sparked in a way that made me think part of him did n't want me to promise at all . 
 `` deal . 
 no more exhibitionist izzy in exchange for a friendly non-hostile kennan o’malley . 
 do we have an accord ? '' 
 i asked with our pinkies still entwined . 
 he shook my hand up and down before releasing it . 
 `` well , now that is all cleared up . '' 
 i cleared my throat in an effort to avoid the giant elephant in the room . 
 `` what next ? 
 it is only half way through the day and my mind is pretty much mush . 
 i do n't think i can do any more mind melding or anything else at this point . 
 so is there something i can do around here ? '' 
 `` well , we are actually expecting a visitor . 
 that 's what i initially went in your room to tell you , along with the apology , obviously , '' he said as though he guessed my thoughts . 
 `` who 's coming ? '' 
 i asked , hoping that it might be mike . 
 another familiar face might make things easier for me . 
 after all , it had just been kennan and i for the past few days , and the closed quarters were causing all sorts of drama between us . 
 a third person would be a welcome change . 
 `` no one you know , '' he said squashing that hope . 
 `` it is another guardian . 
 his name is ian and he is a pain in my ever loving arse . 
 but , he has some information that might be able to help us . 
 so , he 's headed up here and will be here sometime this evening . 
 i just wanted to give you a heads up that he is a bit , well different , '' he said as if different were the nicest word he could come up with to describe the guy . 
 `` alright , i consider myself warned . 
 so , is there anything i can do to help around here before he comes ? 
 any food or anything i can help cook ? 
 i mean , manual labor is still out with my feet being all jacked , but i could do some light filing or something , '' i said with a glimmer of my old self returning . 
 the prospect of having another person around to mediate kennan and i was exciting . 
 despite his warnings about ian , i was looking forward to meeting another guardian . 
 `` this is n't an office , there is no light filing . 
 maybe you could clean the bathroom or something ? '' 
 he looked at me seriously for a beat before cracking into a broad smile . 
 i punched him in the arm and was surprised to feel the weight lift from my shoulders . 
 the past few days had been difficult not knowing where i stood with kennan and now we were at least on even ground . 
 i did n't know how long it would last , but i would take a cue from my mom and enjoy what i had right now and not worry about what tomorrow might bring . 
 i was pretty sure if i did n't stay grounded in the now , i would go insane . 
 what , with the visions and all . 
 `` almighty guardian , if it would please you for me to clean your bathroom , then how can i possibly refuse ? '' 
 i deadpanned before feeling the sudden need to say something more . 
 i needed to say something that had more substance before we moved into the land of denial and fluffy rainbow happiness . 
 `` kennan , '' i started hesitantly , `` i 'm sorry it took me so long to come around . 
 it had to of been hard living all of those years with no end in sight . 
 so , yeah , that and i 'm really sorry for trying to stick my nose where it did n't belong . '' 
 kennan stood up , yanking me with him and pulled me into his arms . 
 his embrace was a balm to my raw emotions . 
 i had n't realized how frayed i was starting to feel . 
 but i supposed with the emotional rollercoaster i 'd been on the past few days , it should 've been obvious . 
 i sighed as i let his warmth envelope me . 
 i was suddenly struck by how right it felt to be there in his arms , as if that were the safest place in the world . 
 his heart beat a soothing rhythm in my ear . 
 he held me like that for a minute before releasing me and looking down into my face . 
 `` i would 've waited another thousand years to find you . 
 it is more of an honor than you know to protect you . 
 an honor and a pain of course . 
 we both know you are n't going to make this easy on me , '' he said with a smile that finally reached his eyes . 
 then he let me go with instructions to relax and read something or watch a movie while he worked . 
 he set about picking the place up before he went in the kitchen and fixed us some lunch . 
 the rest of the afternoon passed that way . 
 i read and relaxed for the first time since this whole thing began , and kennan moved around the cabin getting things ready . 
 ********* fifteen after dinner , there was a knock on the door . 
 before either of us could get it , in burst what could only be described as the strangest sight i 'd ever seen , in walked ian . 
 he met my eyes , and a giant smile engulfed his gorgeous face . 
 i was starting to think that all guardians were blessed with mega hotness . 
 his good looks aside , his overall appearance was a bit hard to swallow . 
 he was just as tall as kennan , but where kennan dressed in reserved clothing that could be considered sporty , ian was dressed in some of the loudest clothes i 'd ever seen . 
 he was wearing plaid pants that were probably better suited to a golf course , a loud yellow shirt printed paisley , and his hair was bleached at the ends and sticking up in spikes all over his head . 
 i was sure my jaw was on the floor . 
 his eyes sparked with a sort of humor i 'd caught in kennan 's a thousand times before . 
 something told me that this man was more of a trickster than kennan could ever be . 
 `` well , hello there lass . 
 you must be the adorable izzy i 've heard so much about , '' he said with a bare hint of brogue lacing his accent . 
 `` um , yeah , i 'm izzy , '' i said , after finally regaining my composure . 
 `` well , then let 's get right down to the serious stuff and get that out of the way shall we ? '' 
 he moved into the cabin and embraced kennan before moving to sit next to me on the couch . 
 `` alright , this is gon na suck , and i hate doing the whole serious doom and gloom , so i 'm just gon na come out and say it so we can move on to jollier topics . 
 yeah ? '' 
 i nodded trying not to stare at the strange man sitting next to me . 
 he had apparently never heard of the concept of personal space . 
 just as the thought danced through my mind he wrapped his arm around me and pulled me close . 
 he looked as serious as i thought him capable before continuing with what he needed to say . 
 dread filled my stomach . 
 something told me it took a lot to make ian serious about anything . 
 `` well , you see , we had a problem in chicago . 
 mike is missing . 
 we think that the corporation got to him . 
 we are n't really sure how they knew he worked for us , but there you have it . 
 he 's gone , we have found no trace of him . 
 hey , do you guys have any food left ? 
 i 'm famished , '' he said , hopping up from the couch , rubbing his hands together . 
 i choked back the sob that threatened to escape as tears started to slide down my cheeks . 
 mike was gone . 
 he was like a second father to me and now he was gone because of me . 
 it was like i was some sort of toxic element that destroyed everyone around me . 
 kennan was kneeling before me , wiping my tears away as he scowled at ian . 
 a look that was probably quite common between the two men . 
 `` what ? 
 what did i do ? '' 
 ian asked dumfounded . 
 i tried to pull myself out of my grief and looked up into kennan 's eyes . 
 i nodded once , trying to convey that i was okay . 
 i was heartbroken , but it was not an unfamiliar feeling . 
 if i were being honest , this was something i 'd been dreading since we left chicago . 
 in my heart , i knew that something would probably happen to mike . 
 i just hoped that he was in hiding and not taken by the corporation . 
 or as i was starting to think of them , evil bastards inc. . 
 `` is there any other news ian ? 
 or is that all you had to pass along ? '' 
 kennan asked with a hint of censure in his voice . 
 `` nope , that was it . 
 but the council asked me to stay for a few days and help train little bit here , '' he said with amusement in his eyes . 
 `` she really is a tiny thing is n't she ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` she is right here , bonehead , '' i said , annoyed . 
 `` you have to admit , you 're quite a tiny little thing . 
 ferocious , but tiny , '' he said like i was some sort of purse dog . 
 `` ugggghhhh ! '' 
 i growled , irritated . 
 `` i am not tiny . 
 you people are just giants . 
 i 'm a perfectly average height with normal people , i will have you know . '' 
 i stomped my foot as i stood trying to look him in the eye . 
 i stood on my tiptoes and only came eye to chin with him . 
 well , that showed him . 
 `` it 's alright there , little one . 
 we all know how big and bad you are , '' he said with amusement in his eyes . 
 `` dude , i would n't start with her . 
 she has a temper that can shake a house down . 
 that , and she figured out how to memory sift today . 
 if you are n't careful she 'll reveal all of your darkest secrets to the world , '' kennan said with a snicker . 
 i decided to play along and raised an eyebrow at ian . 
 he put his hands up in placation . 
 `` whoa , we 're all friends here . 
 or we could be , '' he said with a wink in my direction . 
 i rolled my eyes , but wondered what his darkest secret might be . 
 i wondered if he secretly had a collection of unicorn figurines . 
 ooooh , or maybe it was a hello kitty collection . 
 i started snickering as the two men looked at me . 
 `` sorry , i 'm good . 
 just , maybe you could work on your bad news delivery , ian ? 
 because let me tell you , your current methods leave something to be desired , '' i said before moving back to the couch . 
 i slumped down as ian sat in my bubble again , once more wrapping his arm around my shoulder . 
 i looked to kennan for some help , but he just shook his head at ian and moved toward the kitchen to find his friend some food . 
 `` so , what 's say you and me get acquainted ? '' 
 ian said while moving his eyebrows up and down . 
 `` um , i think i 'll pass , '' i said , rolling my eyes at him . 
 i picked up my book to begin reading once more . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked sniffing under his arms . 
 `` i do n't smell bad . 
 what 's the problem ? 
 i just want to be your friend , '' he added , with a put on flourish of sad puppy eyes . 
 `` i have a friend , i think , '' i said , looking toward kennan . 
 he had a look of trepidation on his face , as though he were restraining himself from bashing his friend 's skull in . 
 ian just sat there , cool as a cucumber trying to read over my shoulder . 
 `` do you mind ? 
 you are a little too close , '' i said , trying to scoot away only to be trapped under his arm just as quickly . 
 `` nope , not at all . 
 i 've read this one . 
 want to know how it ends ? '' 
 he asked , smiling down at me . 
 it was hard to stay annoyed at someone that was just so insane . 
 i thought kennan was bad , but this guy was a total whacko . 
 `` no , i do n't want to know how it ends . 
 not until i get there . 
 i like to read the whole story , thank you very much , '' i said , turning my book away from his prying eyes . 
 `` dude , your food is done . 
 why do n't you come over here and give her a break . 
 you kind of dropped a huge emotional bomb on her a few minutes ago . 
 so , i do n't know , maybe give her some time before trying to lay down the charm ? '' 
 kennan asked , more brusquely than i thought necessary . 
 `` easy killer , me and the little one here were just becoming friends . 
 is n't that right , izzy ? '' 
 coming from anyone else i would 've thought the statement creepy , but from ian it just sounded honest . 
 `` yep , we are besties now ! 
 maybe later i can paint your nails and you can braid my hair ? '' 
 i asked sarcastically , only noticing too late that his fingernails were in fact already painted a bright blue . 
 his eyes lit up . 
 i shook my head in response . 
 `` sorry big guy , i do n't paint my nails , '' i said , wiggling my naked nails in his face . 
 `` you 're as much fun as kennan . '' 
 disappointed , ian moved toward the kitchen and the promise of food , leaving me to return to my book . 
 the rest of the evening passed with ease . 
 the banter between kennan and ian was a welcome relief from the seriousness pressing against me . 
 i watched as the two men exchanged stories about fellow guardians , making sure to fill me in on any back story i might be missing . 
 the two men enveloped me in their world as if i belonged there and for once i felt like i 'd found my place . 
 i listened to their laughter and drifted off into a calm sleep . 
 sometime later i felt myself lifted from the couch and moved into my room . 
 kennan brushed his lips against my forehead before whispering something i could n't understand . 
 as he shut the door i heard ian ask him , `` how the hell are you going to handle this man ? 
 what would her father think ? '' 
 `` do n't think i do n't know man . 
 it 's wrong on so many levels , but it 's something better left alone . 
 you got me ? '' 
 that was all i heard before being pulled into a fitful sleep . 
 ********** i dreamt of rolling green hills . 
 i found myself standing on the precipice of a cliff staring down into a raging ocean . 
 the waves beat ruthlessly against the cliffs and i wondered what it must be like to try and swim against such a force . 
 the sound of my name being called pulled me from my reverie . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 i asked , wondering if this was just a dream or if she were really there . 
 `` baby , i wo n't be back again . 
 i want you to know how much i love you . 
 but it is my time . 
 i feel myself fading . 
 i just could n't leave without telling you goodbye . '' 
 my feet carried me towards her before i could even make sense of what she was saying . 
 violently , i threw myself into her frail arms . 
 `` please do n't leave me ! '' 
 i pleaded with her , burying my face in her boney shoulder . 
 `` i can come and get you . 
 just wait a little longer . 
 please mom . 
 please do n't leave me again , not when i just found you . '' 
 `` oh my sweet , sweet girl . 
 it is my time . 
 i 'm not scared , i 'm relieved . 
 i can finally be with your father once more . 
 and what is left of me is not worth saving , little one . 
 you have so much more ahead of you . 
 i am but a shell of what i once was . '' 
 she lifted my face to look me in the eyes . 
 her tears mirrored my own . 
 `` you be brave , you understand me ? 
 you are stronger than you will ever know . 
 i 'll love you for always , my sweet girl . '' 
 slowly , she pulled away from me . 
 just like that , she was gone only to be replaced by the rolling fog . 
 i yelled out for her , sobs racking my body . 
 i tried to find her in the fog but only got lost myself . 
 falling to my knees , i yelled out , `` mom , please do n't leave me . 
 i 'm all alone . 
 you 're all i have , '' i begged with all of my heart , screaming as loudly as i could . 
 ********** i was jolted to the present by kennan shaking my shoulders . 
 tears coursed down my face as i pulled myself into him and sobbed . 
 she was gone . 
 i was too late . 
 i heard kennan whisper something in my ears and i felt the connection sever . 
 he 'd put the whammy on me again . 
 but i did n't fight it . 
 i could n't handle another vision or anything at the moment . 
 my body wrung out by the sobs that had wracked it moments before , i was left empty and alone . 
 i heard him whisper something more before the darkness enveloped me and i fell into a dreamless sleep . 
 when i finally woke the next morning the truth of the previous night rushed in . 
 i felt strangled by the loss . 
 i sat there for a moment letting my loss morph and change until all that was left was anger . 
 i let it encompass me , finding solace in a way my grief would not allow . 
 i sought it out and brought it in . 
 i let the grief go and resolved myself to stop the people that had stolen everything i cared for . 
 i would n't allow myself to wallow any longer . 
 it was time i grew up , and fast . 
 i walked out into the living room , after putting on some clothes and my favorite sweater . 
 both kennan and ian were up and talking in hushed tones . 
 they looked at me expectantly , as if i were about to burst into tears at any moment . 
 by all rights , i should 've , but the pain had numbed me . 
 there were only so many times a heart could be broken . 
 i looked at both of them and something in my expression must have translated my resolve . 
 `` it 's time i stop hiding and start doing something . 
 my feet feel better today , so i suggest we head out and get me acquainted with the rest of the escape routes . 
 so you gentlemen should probably pack up . 
 we 're leaving right after breakfast . '' 
 with that i turned and headed for the kitchen , only to have kennan and ian rush to stand in front of me . 
 kennan lifted his hand as if to brush the hair from my face . 
 i looked up into his eyes , `` do n't . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 he dropped his hand , unsure of what to do . 
 ian , dressed in an equally ridiculous outfit as the day before , clapped his hands together and said , `` sweet , hiking . 
 i love hiking . '' 
 he winked at me and i was suddenly grateful to have him there . 
 kennan stepped aside and let me move into the kitchen to fix myself some breakfast . 
 i did n't bother trying to feed kennan and ian . 
 i 'm not sure i would have even known how much to cook for the two of them . 
 instead , i grabbed some yogurt and a banana . 
 as soon as i was finished , i headed into my room to pack the supplies i might need for the day and checked the map . 
 i decided to try a shorter route than the last time . 
 i feared my feet might not make it through another twenty mile hike . 
 by the time i made it back out into the living room , kennan and ian were both ready to go . 
 kennan looked like his sexy brawny man self and ian looked like he 'd just left woodstock . 
 i headed out the door , telling them which trek i had chosen for the day . 
 we spent the day walking through the woods , never talking about anything of any importance . 
 my anger had subsided into a dull burning that kept my grief at bay . 
 i embraced the numbness , allowing myself to revel in its freedom . 
 seemingly as quickly as the hike had begun , it was finished . 
 we exited the woods onto an old dirt road where a beat up suv stood waiting . 
 i turned toward kennan , holding out my hand for the keys . 
 he ignored me and got behind the wheel taking us back to the cabin . 
 by the time we got back it was almost dark and we decided to have a bonfire for dinner . 
 i went into the house and dumped my bag , thankful that my feet did n't feel destroyed like the last time . 
 i headed into the kitchen and gathered up all of the stuff we might need for the hotdogs and s 'm ores , then went out to find the guys . 
 `` do you think that is enough to feed us ? '' 
 ian asked , smiling down at me . 
 his rainbow tie-dyed bandana made it difficult to take anything he said seriously . 
 i looked down at the two packs of hotdogs in my hands and back up to ian . 
 `` well , it ought to be . 
 just because you live practically forever does n't mean you should overeat , '' i said as i set everything down . 
 suddenly i was lifted in the air and tossed over ian 's shoulder as he ran me around , promising to drop me on my head if i did n't apologize . 
 finally i relented . 
 `` fine , '' i said between giggles . 
 `` i give , just put me down you brute . 
 how many more hotdogs do you think you need ? '' 
 he looked at kennan and back at me and they simultaneously said , `` grab another pack . '' 
 i headed back into the cabin to grab some more hotdogs . 
 on the way out , i overheard them talking about me so i paused . 
 maybe eavesdropping was bad , but they should n't have been talking about me when i was n't there . 
 i listened in as ian began to speak . 
 `` how is she doing , kennan ? 
 seriously . 
 i came up here because her mom told the council she would be gone soon . 
 her mom was really worried about what is ahead for her . 
 what happened last night , man ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i have n't ever seen her like this . 
 she is usually like sunshine , bright and cheery . 
 something has shifted in her though . 
 her mom said goodbye to her last night . 
 so that means she 's gone . 
 i do n't know , man . 
 it seems like in place of her sun there is anger now . 
 i just hope she does n't let it consume her , '' kennan said with a sigh before turning in my direction . 
 `` we know you 're there nosey , so you might as well come out . '' 
 so busted . 
 i 'd forgotten about the tracking thing he could do . 
 so , i sucked it up and went out to face my accusers . 
 `` what ? 
 i was just minding my own business and bringing out more food when i heard y ' all talking about me . 
 of course i want to know what is being said . 
 i mean , do n't act like y ' all would n't do the same , '' i said , trying to add a little bluster and just sounding guilty instead . 
 `` riiiiiigggghhht , '' ian said , not buying what i was selling . 
 `` fine , okay , i got busted . 
 but seriously , i 'm fine guys . 
 i 'm mad as hell and ready to kick some evil arse , but i 'm fine . 
 losing her sucks , but you need to remember i did n't even know she was still alive until like a week ago . 
 i had already dealt with the whole dead mom thing . 
 quite honestly , a person 's heart can only fracture so many times before it is completely broken . 
 so i do n't have much left to give in the grief department . 
 instead , i can move forward and work on my future . 
 if i cave now then i will never get back up . 
 so , just stop giving me looks like i 'm breakable . 
 the both of you , '' i said with some force , before putting the hotdogs in the pile . 
 `` easy there , red . 
 remember , i 'm supposed to be taking care of you , '' kennan said before walking up to me and throwing his arm over my shoulder . 
 `` i know you 're made of strong stuff . 
 i just do n't want you to be consumed by the anger . '' 
 i looked up at him and realized he was right . 
 while the anger felt good and it had allowed me to pull myself out of the grief just that morning , i could n't allow it to drag me under . 
 it would be just as destructive as my grief if i allowed it to be . 
 like my mom always said , it was all about choices . 
 i could choose to focus on the loss or i could focus on the memories left behind by both of my parents . 
 i chose the memories , but i allowed some of the anger to linger . 
 i was more than a little pissed off at the people that had taken them from me . 
 that was n't going to go away anytime soon . 
 `` how about i just direct my anger in their direction ? 
 see , that seems like a healthy outlet right ? '' 
 i smiled at both of them , hoping that i sounded convincing . 
 somehow i did n't think either one of them was buying it . 
 `` whatever , i 'm famished . 
 let 's cook some dogs ! '' 
 ian said , once again changing the subject . 
 `` sounds like a plan man , '' kennan said as he headed toward the fire and skewered a hotdog on a stick . 
 we sat around the fire , cooking the hotdogs and eating in relative silence . 
 relative was the term of choice where ian was concerned . 
 i was pretty sure he felt physical pain if he did n't talk every few seconds . 
 he would totally lose the quiet mouse game . 
 i ate one hotdog and between the other two guys the three packs disappeared . 
 i did n't know whether to be disgusted or impressed . 
 we sat there , digesting for a while before ian jumped to his feet . 
 `` i challenge you to a dual of swords , good sir , '' he said with a mock british gentlemen 's accent . 
 `` i accept your challenge . 
 what shall we wager my good man ? '' 
 kennan asked in an equally horrible accent . 
 `` i wager the couch . 
 if i win , i get to sleep on the couch and you must retreat to the floor like the dog you are , '' ian said with a flourish . 
 `` aye , we have a gentlemen 's accord . 
 on with the dual . 
 izzy shall be an impartial observer . 
 although i must warn you , i imagine she will be more on my side than yours , '' kennan said as he looked toward me . 
 i was afraid they would pull out real swords at any moment . 
 instead , they picked up two of the sticks we had used for cooking the hotdogs . 
 they took up what i imagined was a sword fighting stance . 
 `` on guard , you pigeon , '' ian shouted before lunging toward kennan . 
 kennan blocked the blow with grace and swirled in the opposite direction , swatting ian on the back as he went . 
 they both looked at me expectantly , like i was supposed to do something . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked , honestly unsure of what i had missed . 
 `` you 're supposed to say strike to whomever landed the blow . 
 in this case it was me , '' kennan preened . 
 `` fine , one strike to k.o , '' i said . 
 `` k.o. ? '' 
 ian asked . 
 `` yeah , all of the girls back in chicago called him k.o. , mostly because they thought he was a knock out , but also i 'm guessing because of his initials , '' i said . 
 `` not all of the girls called me that , '' kennan said with a knowing look . 
 `` whatever , i 've called you k.o. before . 
 it just feels weird , '' i said rolling my eyes . 
 he did n't need me to stroke his already inflated ego . 
 `` hm , we should come up with a nickname for me , '' ian said hopefully , before regaining his stance . 
 `` how about i.t.o. ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` what does it stand for ? '' 
 ian asked as he and kennan circled one another . 
 `` ian the obnoxious , '' i said as kennan landed another strike while ian was distracted . 
 a mock look of affront graced his face as he blustered , `` first , that strike does n't count . 
 that infernal woman distracted me . 
 second , that was n't very nice izzy . 
 i know not if i shall ever be able to forgive you for wounding me so . '' 
 `` two strikes to kennan . 
 you should n't allow yourself to be distracted ian . 
 really , if this were a real battle would some maiden be able to distract you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` if she were as pretty as you , and her tongue as venomous , i imagine she might , '' he said with a wink in my direction . 
 the two of them went back to circling one another . 
 blocking each other 's blows with the experience their lives had given them . 
 they circled and blocked the strikes , becoming more aggressive the longer the fight went on . 
 ian circled around kennan and finally landed a strike . 
 `` one strike , ian , '' i said , trying not to sound impressed . 
 ian circled closer to me and landed a kiss on my cheek , causing blush to rise to my face . 
 `` kissing the judge wo n't help you win ian , '' i said , trying not to show how he 'd affected me . 
 kennan was the only guy that had kissed me in any way for the past few years . 
 i looked up at the man in question to see fury brewing behind his eyes . 
 `` are you going to play at courting or come and fight me , man ? '' 
 kennan asked . 
 `` uh oh , i think someone is a little upset that i sullied his seer 's virtue , '' ian said to me in a stage whisper , only inciting kennan more . 
 they went back to fighting and kennan landed three more strikes consecutively . 
 `` five strikes kennan . 
 how many are we going to anyway ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` five strikes is the winning amount of blows . 
 sad really , i was quite looking forward to sleeping on the couch . 
 alas , the floor she calls to me . 
 who wants some s 'm ores ? '' 
 ian asked before practically skipping back toward the fire and food . 
 `` you got a little serious there buddy . 
 everything alright ? '' 
 i asked kennan once ian was out of earshot . 
 `` i just do n't like the idea of the two of you . 
 he is a player izzy . 
 just be careful with him , okay ? '' 
 i burst out laughing , unable to control myself . 
 i knew that the only reason ian was flirting with me was to piss kennan off . 
 there was no way i could ever see myself with ian . 
 granted , he had kind of grown on me . 
 much like a fungus grows on a tree . 
 but , i would never entertain any serious notions of a future with him . 
 he was gorgeous in his own wacky way . 
 but i was already taken with someone else . 
 not that i would ever admit to that . 
 `` what ? 
 why are you laughing at me ? '' 
 kennan asked , stunned by my outburst . 
 `` there is nothing to worry about there from either front kennan , '' i said , before heading back to the promise of a blackened marshmallow . 
 kennan followed me back to the fire with a confused look on his brow . 
 `` lovers quarrel ? '' 
 ian asked as we approached the fire . 
 i slapped him on the arm and realized how happy i was to have met him . 
 he was the comic relief i needed and i wondered if my mother had any hand in him coming . 
 `` hey , did you know my mom ? '' 
 i asked as i loaded a marshmallow on a stick . 
 `` yep , she was like a little sister to me . 
 i loved her as much as anyone who ever met her did . 
 you 're a lot like her , you know ? '' 
 ian said in a rare moment of seriousness . 
 `` my gods woman , what are you doing to that marshmallow ? '' 
 kennan asked disgusted . 
 the marshmallow in question was currently on fire and turning a delicious black color . 
 `` i like my marshmallows blackened . 
 they 're crunchy on the outside and gooey on the inside , '' i said before blowing the flame out and eating it . 
 both of the guy 's faces cringed , like they 'd just witnessed something truly disgusting . 
 i ignored them and put another marshmallow in place of the first , setting it on fire . 
 `` that is really gross izzy . 
 seriously , and your teeth are covered in black specks now . 
 it looks like your mouth is rotting , '' ian said . 
 i just chomped my teeth at him like i was a deranged zombie . 
 before all was said and done i had eaten five burnt marshmallows and the guys had consumed the rest of the bag and all of the s 'm ores supplies . 
 we sat around the fire joking . 
 it made me realize how much i had missed out on by not making more friends . 
 i could see how my mom would like ian . 
 he sort of brought out the happiness in everyone he was close to . 
 even kennan seemed more his old trickster self with ian around . 
 `` so , ian , have you met your girl yet ? '' 
 i asked , wondering if ian had a seer out there unprotected . 
 `` izzy , that is n't something you should ask a guardian , '' kennan admonished . 
 `` well , how was i supposed to know ? 
 there is no guide book . 
 or is there some sort of welcome pamphlet i did n't get ? '' 
 i eyed kennan quizzically . 
 `` sorry ian . 
 i really did n't mean to pry , well i suppose i did . 
 sorry all the same , '' i said . 
 `` you 're fine izzy , and no i have n't met my one and only yet . 
 i 'm holding out for someone with a remarkable sense of style and panache , '' he said with a wave of his hand . 
 `` maybe she can teach you a thing or two , '' i said laughing as ian threw a stick in my direction . 
 we headed in as the fire turned to embers . 
 i said goodnight to the guys and headed to bed . 
 i wanted to try and find my mother in my dreams that evening . 
 however , when i finally did drift to sleep , i felt the void . 
 she was really and truly gone . 
 no longer would she fill my dreams with her calming and sometimes alarming presence . 
 no longer would i be able to reach out and connect with her . 
 i sighed as i walked through the fog , wondering if i would ever find xavier again . 
 as soon as the thought danced across my mind , xavier was standing before me . 
 ********** `` well hello dear , did you want to talk ? '' 
 he asked me condescendingly . 
 `` not really . 
 i just want to know where you are so i can come and punch you in your stupid , smug throat , '' i said , wishing i was better at the whole tough talking thing . 
 `` funny , i want to know the same thing . 
 where are you ? '' 
 i felt him try and pull from my thoughts and quickly constructed a mental brick wall hoping that it would deter him . 
 `` interesting talent you have there . 
 did your little protector teach you that ? '' 
 he asked with a curl of his lip . 
 i was amazed at how someone so handsome could be so unbearably ugly all at the same time . 
 `` nope , natural talents and all that . 
 so why do n't you tell me where you are little man . 
 because i 'm coming after you and i 'm going to rip everything you hold dear out of reach . 
 i 'm not going to stop until you 've lost everything you 've worked so hard to gain . 
 i 'm coming for you . 
 with or without your help , i will find you and you will pay . '' 
 ooooh , that sounded tougher . 
 sweet . 
 `` i do n't doubt you will try . 
 but i must go . 
 hey , do me a favor . 
 tell my brother i said hello will you ? '' 
 xavier asked . 
 the look of confusion on my face spoke the words i could not . 
 `` oh , how rich , he did n't tell you ? 
 that is priceless . 
 oh well , i shall see you again soon . 
 tata for now , '' xavier said , before disappearing back into the fog . 
 ********** sixteen i sat up in my bed and threw the covers off . 
 i looked down to make sure i was decent . 
 after all , there was a pinky promise to abide . 
 i stormed to my door and threw it open , shouting in the process . 
 `` kennan o’malley , you deceptive son of a biscuit eater ! 
 i swear , if i were as big as you , i would seriously be able to do some sort of physical damage . 
 but as i 'm not , just know , that i 'm incredibly pissed off that you would keep something like this from me . 
 aaaaaahhhh ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 i was madder than a wet hen . 
 `` what are you talking about izzy ? 
 in what way have i deceived you ? '' 
 kennan asked tiredly . 
 `` he is your brother . 
 your brother ! '' 
 i shouted as i chucked a pillow at him . 
 `` who 's my brother ? 
 what are you yapping about woman ? 
 maybe try and make some sense . '' 
 `` let me break this down for your neanderthal brain . 
 xavier . 
 is . 
 your . 
 brother . 
 and you did not tell me ! '' 
 i shouted , looking for something else to throw at his stupid enemy , brother-having head . 
 `` when did you talk to him , izzy ? 
 does he know where you are ? '' 
 he sounded scared which deflated my anger only slightly . 
 `` just now , i was walking through the fog in my dreams and looking to see if my mom was still lingering . 
 then , i thought about trying to find xavier and poof he was there . 
 and no , before you freak out , he does n't know where we are . 
 i built some sort of brick wall so he could n't go digging in my head . 
 do n't try and change the subject though , your brother . 
 he of evil bastardness is your brother . 
 not like we are all part of the same brotherhood , but like hey we have the same parents . 
 also , we should do some sort of memorial for my mom , '' i said with a stomp of my foot . 
 ian snickered from the corner . 
 `` bro , you did n't tell her he was your brother . 
 oh , you are in the doghouse man , '' ian laughed as he turned over and went back to sleep , tuning out whatever we might say next . 
 `` can i come in your room and talk so we do n't wake sleeping beauty over there ? '' 
 kennan asked tiredly . 
 i nodded and he got up to follow me into my room , shutting the door behind him . 
 my room suddenly felt like a much smaller space with kennan so close to me . 
 the anger having dulled my sanity , i suddenly felt the desire to climb him like he was some great tree . 
 i shook myself and looked up at kennan waiting for an explanation . 
 i would deal with my lust later , for now i wanted answers . 
 `` yes , he is my brother . 
 his real name is xavier o’malley . 
 the way guardians come into existence is similar to yours . 
 when a seer and a guardian have a child that child will either be a guardian or a seer based on whether they are female or male . 
 can i sit ? 
 this is a really long story and not one i have told many people , '' kennan asked , moving toward the bed to sit when i patted the mattress . 
 kennan 's body heat soaked into me and i found it hard not to get distracted by his closeness or the shape of his mouth . 
 his lips just looked so dang kissable . 
 hard and soft in all of the right places . 
 jesus , izzy , put that on the back burner . 
 long story , muddled past , big bad brother . 
 priorities . 
 i tuned back into kennan just as he began to speak again . 
 `` our father was a good man . 
 he was joyful and giving . 
 he loved to laugh and he loved everyone with abandon . 
 including our mother . 
 you see , we guardians do n't get to choose who we protect . 
 we do n't always end up with romantic feelings toward our seers , but it happens in about half of the cases . 
 otherwise our races would die out , you know ? 
 well , not all seers are good izzy . 
 neither are guardians i suppose . 
 we are just like humans in that there are those that want to help others and those that wish to only help themselves . 
 my mother was the latter , '' he said pausing . 
 i could feel him slipping back into his memories , and i struggled not to sift through them myself . 
 `` our father , shaemus , wanted so badly for our mother to be good that he eventually stopped seeing the truth of what she was . 
 i do n't doubt she loved him . 
 i 'm sure in her own way she did . 
 but he was never enough for her and neither was i. i 'm like my da you see ? 
 i want the world to be a better place than it was when i got here . 
 my brother on the other hand , well , he was quite useful to our mother . 
 she taught him how to get into visions and dream walk . 
 she taught him how to hack into any seers thoughts and use them for his own gain . 
 when she finished teaching him everything she knew , she hoped he would help her to gain the sort of life she had always wanted . 
 what she got from him instead was a knife to the back . '' 
 i breathed in hard as kennan braced himself to finish a story that was not often spoken . 
 `` i saw him do it , izzy . 
 and you know what the worst part was ? 
 he looked up at me and smiled afterward . 
 every ounce of decency abandoned and replaced with greed and corruption . 
 i knew in that moment that he was not the brother i had grown and played with any longer . 
 that man had been replaced by a creature of my mother 's making . 
 one she could not even control in the end . 
 he disappeared that night , and my father died six months later , heartbroken . 
 he finally realized the truth of everything he had turned his eyes from over the years . 
 he made me promise that i would stop xavier . '' 
 kennan looked at me as if the next part of the story was something he wished he did not have to tell me . 
 a chill crawled up my spine as i awaited his next words . 
 `` i could have killed him the day he killed your dad . 
 your mom knew that he was coming and exactly where he would be . 
 you see , our mother taught me how to vision walk as well , but once she realized i would n't do her bidding , she gave up on me . 
 well , i had seen your mother 's vision . 
 i knew precisely where it would happen , and i did nothing to stop it . 
 i went that day prepared to kill him , but i could n't . 
 i could not see the monster he truly was . 
 all i saw was the boy i had played with as a child . 
 i saw him take your mother away and heard her voice in my head telling me it was all as it was meant to be . 
 even at the last , she tried to comfort me for my weakness . 
 then he shot your father . 
 xavier knew i was there watching . '' 
 i could barely breathe . 
 i had been wondering how he 'd gotten there quickly enough to be with my father as he died . 
 kennan would n't look at me as he continued . 
 `` your father did n't know i could have prevented it . 
 he paid a price that should have been mine . 
 he was caught in the middle of a rivalry that has lasted hundreds of years . 
 i do n't think your dad knew that i had seen the whole thing happen . 
 but i remember every second of it . 
 i remember watching his life slip away and your mother being yanked away . 
 i remember her calming assurance and i remember your big hazel eyes staring up at me from the trunk of that car like i was a savior and not the coward i truly am . 
 i 'm just as weak as my father and that weakness has cost you everyone you loved . '' 
 we were both quiet for a long time before either one of us could talk . 
 i was hurt that he had kept all of this from me , but i realized it was n't out of malice that he had done so . 
 he had n't told me because his inaction brought him shame . 
 i reached over and grabbed his hand . 
 kennan was just as much a victim of circumstance as i was . 
 part of me was angry that he had n't stepped in , but in his place i do n't think i could have done it either . 
 `` kennan , '' i said hesitantly , `` i did n't lose everyone i loved . 
 i had grams for a long time , and mike . 
 i also have you , '' i said , and i knew the truth of it . 
 i loved kennan with my whole heart . 
 he had protected me when no one else could have , and brought me back from darkness more times than i could count . 
 i was n't ready for him to know the depth of that love just yet so i hastily added , `` you 're my best friend . 
 i would be lost without you . '' 
 ugh , lame . 
 i was such a pansy . 
 kennan sighed and leaned back against the wall , as though a heavy weight had finally lifted from his shoulders . 
 the burden of his secret must have been unimaginably heavy . 
 he sat there , silent , for a long time before a yawn escaped my lips . 
 he looked at me and asked something i never thought i would hear . 
 `` can i stay in here tonight ? 
 i just need to be close to your sunshine for a while . '' 
 the rare glimpse at his emotional side staggered me . 
 `` it might be a tight fit , but sure , you can sleep in here tonight , '' i said as the butterflies took flight in my stomach once more . 
 my heart leapt into my throat , and i prayed that i would be able to play it cool . 
 kennan , in just his boxer briefs , wanted to sleep in the same bed . 
 this was going to be difficult . 
 kennan lay down on the side closest to the wall and i took the outside edge . 
 we were forced to spoon , considering it was just a full sized bed and kennan himself took up over half of it . 
 i scooted as far toward the edge as i possibly could to avoid contact with his body . 
 i knew that if he touched me , i would probably spontaneously combust . 
 then where would the whole bring down the bad guys movement be ? 
 so , yeah , it was for the good of the future that i was about to fall off of the bed and onto the floor . 
 he reached over and pulled me against his body , kissing the top of my head as he did so . 
 my heart sped up , and i hoped that he could n't feel the frantic beating against his arm . 
 `` i think you just may save me yet , red , '' he mumbled as his breathing became steady . 
 i lay there wide awake wondering how he could be so cool laying so close to me when i was about to crawl out of my skin . 
 then a thought occurred to me , maybe he did n't see me the way i saw him at all . 
 oh great , that would just be super . 
 i must have laid there for hours in a state of confusion , arousal , and frustration . 
 eventually sleep came for me and it was filled with graphic dreams of kennan . 
 i wondered , for the first time , if they were of my creation or his own . 
 or whether it even mattered which of us had thought them up . 
 i reveled in the feel of his body against my own as his lips traced my collar bone . 
 i felt every mere brush of his skin against my own as he took his time worshiping my body . 
 he moved his mouth lower toward my hip bone causing me to raise my hips to meet his sinful lips . 
 suddenly i pulled myself from my dream . 
 i was awake and my body hummed . 
 i tried to calm my breathing . 
 i was surprised to feel the weight of someone behind me and remembered that kennan was in bed with me . 
 i turned to face him and found him staring at me with a look of pain and lust , commingled . 
 i looked at him , not knowing what to say . 
 i had to suppress the urge to kiss him violently . 
 `` this was a bad idea . 
 i 'm going back to the living room , '' kennan growled breathlessly before heading out the door , while adjusting a rather impressive mound in his boxer briefs . 
 i fell back on the bed forcefully , wishing for a cold shower or some electronic aid . 
 either would suffice at the moment . 
 instead i was left wanton . 
 i looked over at the clock , giving up any hope of further sleep , when i saw that it was only four in the morning . 
 i grabbed my tablet and decided to distract myself with some northanger abbey . 
 jane austen never failed to provide a welcome distraction . 
 there was nothing like an english period piece to douse some hormonal flames with civility . 
 i lay back against the pillows and tapped on the book 's image . 
 i immersed myself in the story , and by the time i had reached the halfway point , i was finally more composed . 
 i got up and put some hiking clothes on . 
 i hoped that i could head out and work on another escape route today . 
 this time , i would use the hike to blow off frustration of an entirely different sort . 
 i tried to quietly sneak to the bathroom to brush my teeth with no luck . 
 `` walk of shame , it really is a shameful thing , '' ian said with a snicker . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 i was just trying not to wake anyone up . '' 
 i said as my face flamed scarlet . 
 not for the first time , i cursed my fair skin for betraying me so readily . 
 `` yeah , yeah , big man already left . 
 he said he had some errands or something . 
 looked to me like he was escaping . 
 so what happened ? 
 did you two finally bump uglies ? '' 
 ian said , raising his eyebrows up and down . 
 `` ugh , no , and you are disgusting ! 
 we slept , he left , totally normal , '' i said , closing the bathroom door to prevent any further comments from the peanut gallery . 
 i came out a few minutes later with the objective of distract and redirect . 
 i thought the plan would n't take much effort with ian , considering how flighty he seemed to be most of the time . 
 `` so , can we hike then ? 
 i mean , he did n't say we had to stay in the cabin did he ? '' 
 i asked , hoping that we could escape and i could walk off some of the steam . 
 `` nope , he just sort of grunted and shoved himself in some clothes before leaving , '' ian said with a knowing smile . 
 alright , so , maybe he was not so easy to derail . 
 appearances were apparently quite deceiving where ian was concerned . 
 speaking of appearances , someone seriously needed to host an intervention on his wardrobe . 
 today he was wearing a kilt with a long sleeved striped shirt and flip flops . 
 i just shook my head , not having the energy to do a makeover on him , and knowing he would fight it if i tried . 
 `` well , do you know how to do the whole mind woo woo thing to keep me from being tracked ? '' 
 i was really hoping he would get on this change of subject train and just go with it . 
 `` yep , i can do the mind woo woo . 
 hey , do you mind if i use that ? 
 mind woo woo , i like it , '' ian said as he put four sausage biscuits in the microwave . 
 `` so , you want to go for a hike then ? 
 i 'm supposed to be planning my big escape , and i need to practice all of the trails before kennan will let me do the solo runs . '' 
 `` sure , we should probably leave a note though . 
 he gets awfully testy where you are concerned , '' ian said with a smirk . 
 `` he 's my guardian person , of course he is worried about my safety , '' i said , trying to sound detached . 
 `` right , '' ian said sarcastically . 
 `` well , you ready there , little bit , or do you need to powder your nose and put on your face ? '' 
 `` hardy har har . 
 i 'm ready whenever you are . 
 but maybe you should change first ? '' 
 i asked hopefully , and also fearfully . 
 there was no telling what he would replace his current attire with . 
 `` what are you the fashion police ? 
 i 'm quite happy with my clothing choice for the day . 
 it distracts the bad guys you know ? '' 
 so that was his reasoning . 
 well i guess it beat insanity . 
 `` um , at least change the shoes . 
 flip flops are not conducive to mountainous hiking , you know ? 
 i 'm pretty sure kennan will kill you if i have to haul your heavy butt out of the back country . 
 in fact , i 'm quite sure hauling your heavy self out of the back country would kill me , '' i said with a giggle , to which ian smacked my arm playfully . 
 `` fine , your wish , my command . '' 
 he headed over to his duffel bag and pulled out his hiking boots . 
 i was hoping to heavens he was wearing something under the kilt as he lifted his leg to put on his shoes . 
 thank god he had on some boxer briefs . 
 i supposed a utility kilt did n't call for the traditional commando status . 
 once he had his feet properly attired , we headed to the door . 
 before we walked out he reached down and grabbed my face . 
 he chanted the words that had become synonymous with safety and we headed out . 
 we trekked the rainforest , joking the whole way . 
 i told him how i thought the ferns were man-eaters , and he proceeded to pantomime being eaten by one of them . 
 he struggled valiantly before the fern brought him down and ultimately took his life . 
 it was sad really . 
 when we stopped for lunch i finally felt like i could ask him something a little more serious . 
 `` what was she like ? 
 my mom , i mean . 
 i only got to know her until i was eight and that just seems like a lifetime ago . 
 i can see the memories more clearly , but i just kind of want to know what she was like from someone else 's perspective , you know ? '' 
 i asked with my eyes on the ground , afraid he might turn it into a joke . 
 `` your mom , well she was amazing . 
 she was like this otherworldly creature . 
 i have never met someone as loving or forgiving in my life . 
 i swear , i could n't rattle her at all . 
 no one could . 
 she was unshakeable . 
 even with you she was that way . 
 she was steady and strong and the best person i have ever known . 
 i saw you quite a lot when you were little , you know ? 
 back before they figured out what would become of them . 
 they would have kennan and me over all of the time . 
 i think your mom felt sorry for us , like she somehow had caused your father to leave us behind . 
 so , instead , she made us part of her family . 
 but when kennan left , it just was n't the same , '' ian said with a sigh as he picked at his sandwich . 
 `` do you think i can be as strong as her ? '' 
 `` you already are . 
 you 're so much more of a fighter than she was . 
 you get that from your dad . 
 she was always one to take the path of least resistance . 
 as long as it would keep the people she loved safe , she would journey into the jaws of death itself . 
 which was ultimately what she did . 
 but you , you have fire izzy . 
 you have her goodness and her light but you have something more . 
 you have a fierceness the likes of which i 've never seen before . 
 i pity anyone that gets in the way of what you want . 
 you can move mountains , little one , '' ian said as he shoved his sandwich in his mouth with a nod . 
 `` i do n't know how , '' i admitted weakly . 
 it felt strange admitting to ian something i could n't even tell kennan . 
 i was struck with the rightness of my mother sending him once more . 
 she might not have been a fighter , but her love shaped me even now . 
 `` yeah , you do . 
 do n't get all emo baby on me . 
 suck it up , set an objective and figure your shit out . 
 no one can do it for you , '' ian said with finality . 
 how about that for a vote of confidence ? 
 but i knew he was right . 
 i had to stop worrying about how to do it and just start working at it . 
 `` alright then , what should i do ? 
 i mean , i know what i would like to do , but i 'm not sure if it will work , '' i said with caution . 
 i had n't even discussed my plan with kennan , afraid he would balk at it . 
 `` well , what do you have in mind pip squeak ? '' 
 `` i 'm not short , '' i said defensively . 
 `` i was thinking that i want to take down xavier . 
 i know that he and kennan are brothers , but he seems like he is a key player in the whole corporation thing . 
 the trick is to figure out how to get him . 
 i can summon him in dreams , but i 'm not really sure how to find him yet . 
 then there is the other small thing . 
 i really want to make him suffer slowly before i take him down . 
 i know it sounds horrible and maniacal , but he does n't deserve a quick fall . 
 he deserves to feel the pain he has inflicted on thousands of others . 
 so we should hit him where it will hurt the most , financially . '' 
 `` mwahahaha , '' ian said while rubbing his hands together . 
 `` you 're a dubious thing are n't you ? 
 well , you ready to head on out ? '' 
 `` yep . 
 i 'm ready when you are . 
 hey , did you happen to grab the keys to whatever vehicle we are picking up ? '' 
 i asked , suddenly realizing my stupidity in not thinking of it sooner . 
 `` ummmmm keys , '' ian said patting his pockets and making a big show of it . 
 `` you mean these ? '' 
 utility kilts have far too many pockets . 
 i punched him as i passed checking the map to make sure i was still heading in the right direction and thanking god that kennan plotted most of my escape routes to follow hiking trails . 
 we hiked on with the same lightness that accompanied us that morning . 
 `` i 'm glad you came ian , '' i said , surprised by just how true the sentiment was . 
 `` me too kiddo . 
 we weirdos have to stick together , '' he said with a knowing look . 
 i shook my head at him and noticed the concealed car a few hundred yards away with a very unhappy looking kennan leaning against it . 
 `` gone for a walk ? 
 really , ian ? '' 
 kennan bellowed . 
 instead of looking cowed , ian looked like he was about to laugh . 
 i looked between the two of them . 
 kennan , ready to rip ian 's head from his shoulders and ian , ready to die of laughter . 
 i turned toward ian . 
 `` you said you would leave him a note . '' 
 ian started to interrupt and stopped when i gave him a raised eyebrow . 
 `` a note explaining where we were going , you jack in a box . '' 
 `` this is totally not my fault so do n't get mad at me kennan . 
 i told him to leave a note . '' 
 i suddenly felt like a child explaining why the family heirloom was lying in pieces on the floor . 
 `` you , i will deal with later , '' kennan said to me before turning on ian . 
 `` and you , you should know better . 
 luckily there were only two trails she had n't taken yet . 
 and you would have been at the last one hours ago which gave me time to reach this one . 
 i should bash your skull in . 
 she is not a joke ian , not her . 
 do we understand one another ? '' 
 ian finally looked serious . 
 he patted kennan on the shoulder and said , `` i got it man . 
 i did n't mean to scare you , honestly . 
 next time i will leave a detailed itinerary . 
 bathroom breaks and all . 
 now , let 's head home . 
 little bit there did n't pack enough for me to eat and i 'm starving . '' 
 ian , king of distraction . 
 kennan shook his head and motioned for us to get in the old beat jeep that was parked behind the concealed car . 
 i supposed it would be better to take a car we had already used instead of adding to our increasing collection . 
 that many vehicles might start to look conspicuous . 
 between ian and kennan 's cars and the two we had brought down from the other trails , it was starting to look like a used car lot . 
 maybe more of a junk yard , but i was n't going to harp . 
 fleers could n't be choosers , or something like that . 
 `` so guys , do you think that maybe we should get my getaway cars back to where they belong ? 
 it wo n't do me much good to have them all parked in the same place . '' 
 i looked at the stock of cars and wondered , not for the first time , where kennan had found such junkers . 
 `` yeah , probably . 
 ian and i can move them back tonight after dinner , '' kennan said as he grabbed the packs from the car handing me my own . 
 `` hey , how did i get volunteered to be a valet ? '' 
 ian asked . 
 `` i 'm just here for the beautiful scenery and spectacular meals . '' 
 he finished with a wink in my direction . 
 kennan smacked him upside the head and said , `` you better not be enjoying the scenery bro . '' 
 ********** seventeen we walked back up to the cabin in companionable chatter , discussing what we could do as a memorial for my mother . 
 something , which i was ashamed to admit , had slipped my mind . 
 we all agreed to hold a ceremony of sorts the following day . 
 each of us would say our fondest memory of my mother and we would wish her well in the afterlife . 
 kennan told me that whispering the memories into fire was part of a tradition that went back many generations . 
 i wondered what other traditions i 'd missed out on growing up apart from other guardians and seers . 
 when we reached the clearing kennan and ian stopped abruptly . 
 they pushed me back into the cover of the forest and turned me into an izzy sandwich . 
 `` something feels off man . 
 i 'm not sure what 's going on here , '' ian said in a tone i rarely heard him carry . 
 `` you stay here and keep her safe . 
 do you understand me ? 
 you make sure she is safe , or i 'll kill you myself , '' kennan said , drilling ian into the ground with his stare . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 i all but squeaked . 
 `` down to the house to see what 's wrong . 
 something feels off . 
 the wards have been tampered with . 
 i need to make sure nothing is down there waiting for you . '' 
 kennan said before sprinting across the clearing in a blur . 
 i would never get used to how fast these guys could move . 
 quicker than i could track he was back with us . 
 `` so ? '' 
 i squeaked . 
 i was suddenly a bundle of nervous energy . 
 since i was still blocked off from the outside , i had no way of searching for an answer . 
 i wondered if i were still connected to the visions if i would have been forewarned about any impending doom . 
 `` everything is clear . 
 the wards are down though , '' kennan said . 
 `` umm , '' ian said sheepishly , `` i think that is my bad , dude . '' 
 i looked at him with confusion in my eyes . 
 `` why would you take the wards down ? '' 
 i asked , hoping that he was n't about to come out and tell me he was really a bad guy sent to bring me down . 
 `` well , you see , the thing is , well , maybe i 'm not so good at the whammy . 
 i think that i accidentally unwhammied the cabin when i put the block on you . 
 it 's all old magic that is n't used very often , okay . 
 i have n't exactly had much practice , seeing as i 'm without seer . '' 
 kennan and i just gawked at him . 
 i was more amused than alarmed . 
 kennan looked ready to throttle him , which was nothing new . 
 `` i swear you are a walking disaster , man . 
 let 's get back to the cabin and i 'll show you how to properly put the wards in place , '' kennan said as we walked . 
 `` sorry , '' ian said , looking down at me . 
 `` hey , you protected my head from outside interference . 
 that 's a start , '' i said hopefully . 
 i did n't want ian to feel badly about leaving the cabin without wards . 
 after all , i was n't even inside of the thing , so no harm done as far as i was concerned . 
 he looped his arm over my shoulder and we made our way inside . 
 `` i like you , little bit , '' ian said before squeezing me into his side . 
 `` i like you too , even if your sense of style would insight a riot at fashion week , '' i said , pulling myself out from under his arm , fearing retribution . 
 `` they would drop their jaws in amazement at my bold choices , '' ian said haughtily . 
 `` you two are ridiculous . 
 get over here and let me show you how to put a proper ward in place . 
 and please let me take the one off of izzy . 
 i 'm afraid you might permanently scramble her brain and she 's already unbalanced enough , '' kennan said with a smirk in my direction . 
 `` hey , do n't the two of you start ganging up on me . 
 it is n't fair ! '' 
 i said as i moved with ian toward kennan . 
 `` it 's all part of the training . 
 now come here so i can open your brain back up , '' kennan said . 
 i moved toward him , stopping about three feet away . 
 i was afraid of getting too close . 
 after last night , i was n't sure how to be close to him without jumping on him . 
 he looked down into my eyes with a heated stare . 
 it was a look that i was becoming well acquainted with . 
 he grabbed my hands and pulled me so that my body was practically flush with his own . 
 he looked down at me and raised his hands to my face , gently brushing his thumbs over my cheeks . 
 we stayed that way , entranced with one another until we heard ian clear his throat . 
 kennan shook his head slightly , as if to pull himself back to the objective . 
 he closed his eyes and bent his head forward whispering , `` srianta a tharscaoileadh . '' 
 as soon as the final word was out of his mouth , i felt the world rush in around me . 
 i did n't think i would ever become accustomed to the feeling of my brain being reconnected to the fog or whatever it was . 
 `` can i do that to myself ? 
 and just what did you say ? '' 
 i asked , wondering if i would be able to protect myself if i ever needed to cut the mental ties . 
 `` you can . 
 it takes a lot of practice , but mostly it is all about intention . 
 the wards are a fickle thing . 
 the slightest fluctuation and they wo n't work . 
 hence , there are now a lack of wards on the cabin , '' he said with a sharp look in ian 's direction . 
 ian was performing a thorough examination of floor . 
 `` so how do you put the wards up again ? 
 what language are you using ? '' 
 i asked , suddenly curious . 
 `` it 's gaelic . 
 it is n't so much the words or phrases either . 
 the most important thing is focus and intent . 
 when i lifted the protection from your mind what i said literally translates to lift restrictions . 
 the ward is put up with the words ` in safe keeping . ' 
 you have to mentally bend the words to your will . '' 
 `` so kind of like faith then . 
 if you believe you can heal someone , then they are healed . 
 that sort of thing ? 
 if i believe these words will protect me , then they will ? '' 
 i was getting excited at the prospect of learning a new trick . 
 `` something exactly like that . 
 i want you to mentally reach out as i put up the next ward and see how it feels . 
 see if you can find the intent and then see if you can find where the intent and the words coalesce . 
 this is for you as well ian , so get over here . 
 one day you will need all of this stuff , so the more you practice the better equipped you will be , '' kennan said , with an air of haughtiness about him . 
 `` hey , be nice to ian . 
 he protected my brain today , '' i said with a look toward ian , affirming my solidarity . 
 `` fine , my apologies , i did n't know you had red here to defend your precious honor , '' kennan said . 
 `` and do n't you forget it , bro . 
 she is totally on team ian , '' ian said with a smirk before i smacked him . 
 the two of them were worse than being housed with a set of actual brothers . 
 `` alright , are you paying attention ? '' 
 kennan asked us as though we were petulant children acting out in class . 
 `` yes , sir , '' we said simultaneously with mock salutes . 
 kennan just shook his head with a smile , and turned his concentration back to the task at hand . 
 i focused as the gaelic words poured from him , rolling out a pleasant cadence . 
 i saw something shift in my mind 's eye . 
 it was as though a blue wall shimmered into place all around the cabin . 
 it was only visible in the periphery of my mind . 
 `` that was so cool ! '' 
 i said as i tried to see the ward again . 
 but once it had snapped into place , it disappeared from my vision . 
 `` how does this work though ? 
 i mean , i can still have visions while i 'm in the cabin . 
 so this is n't like the shield you put on my mind . '' 
 `` this is to keep you safe . 
 it 's used to keep the corporation from being able to track you when you are n't aware . 
 it keeps out anything wishing to harm you . 
 your visions are n't actively trying to hurt you , so you 're still able to have them . 
 you can still walk through the dreaming as well , '' kennan said as he moved toward the kitchen . 
 ian was fast on his heels . 
 `` fooooooood , '' ian drawled out like he had n't eaten just a few hours before . 
 the rest of the evening was spent with me asking a zillion questions about wards and protections . 
 kennan launched into an extensive history lesson on wards and protective spells , to which ian fell asleep . 
 apparently , he did n't find the subject nearly as interesting as i did . 
 around eleven , i started to yawn and realized that i was exhausted . 
 i looked at kennan as he wrapped up the lesson , and was struck by how grateful i was to have a neutral topic to discuss . 
 as long as i focused on training , i would n't have time to worry about the hot and cold relationship kennan and i seemed to be having . 
 raising up from the couch , i started to retreat to the safety of my room . 
 i made it about three feet from my door before kennan intercepted me . 
 he blocked the path between me and the door like an immovable mountain . 
 well , i had wanted to climb him earlier . 
 mountain climbing was good training , right ? 
 i looked up into his face and said , `` good night , kennan , '' hoping that would bring an end to whatever insanity he was bringing to my doorstep . 
 he bent over me and kissed the top of my head , exhaling slowly . 
 he looked like he was about to say something , but instead just muttered , `` good night . '' 
 then he moved out of my way . 
 i looked over at him and smiled as i made my way into the room . 
 that night i dreamed of kennan . 
 luckily , this time , we were fully clothed . 
 ********** he was sitting next to me on a porch swing . 
 both of us had aged at least twenty years . 
 he looked down at me and whispered the words from his ward earlier that evening . 
 out in the yard i saw men in black suits approaching . 
 i started to panic and turned back to where kennan was sitting only to find xavier in his place . 
 he reached his hand out to brush my cheek the way kennan had done . 
 i cringed away , not wanting to sully the memory of kennan with the filth of xavier . 
 he laughed coldly . 
 his laugh was a mockery of kennan 's . 
 one was like a warm summer breeze while the other was the ice of winter . 
 i turned back to the men in the yard as they pulled kennan away . 
 i wanted to call out to him , but my vocal chords had been muted . 
 xavier pulled out a box and said he had a present for me . 
 as i opened the box , i was pulled inside like some strange magic trick . 
 i looked up to see xavier peering over the side of the box , smiling as he closed the lid , trapping me in a dark small space . 
 i screamed and screamed , knowing no one would ever save me and i would perish in the dark alone . 
 ********** eighteen i was shaken awake by ian and kennan . 
 they were both bent over me making my small room seem suddenly miniscule . 
 i shot up out of bed and ran into the living room hoping to gain some space and room to breathe . 
 i felt as though my nerves had been sanded raw . 
 i knew deep down that it had been a dream and not a vision . 
 my subconscious seemed to drudge up all of the fears i had repressed . 
 i wiped at my eyes , angry that even in my sleep , xavier was able to frighten me . 
 the guys came into the room and approached me like i was some sort of wounded animal . 
 ian seemed to be trying to avert his eyes from me , and kennan had a heat burning in his . 
 i realized then that i was standing in the living room wearing only a silky nighty . 
 i had n't felt like digging through my clothes that night and had just put on the first thing i 'd found . 
 i looked up into kennan 's eyes and saw concern and lust warring with one another . 
 `` sorry , i broke the pinky promise , '' i said to kennan , not knowing what else to say . 
 ian snickered and kennan grabbed a quilt from the couch to wrap around me . 
 once i was covered , it seemed that both guys were able to regain their composure . 
 `` are you okay , iz ? '' 
 kennan asked , his voice laced with concern . 
 `` it was just a nightmare . 
 not like a vision nightmare , just the normal kind . 
 you did n't see it ? '' 
 i asked , wondering how he had n't known what i was dreaming . 
 he cleared his throat before answering . 
 `` no , i thought it best for me to stay out of your dreams for a while , '' he said , leaving the obvious unspoken . 
 i blushed , knowing that my graphic imagination was what kept him from walking in my dreams with me . 
 `` soooooooooo , yeah , just a nightmare . 
 i 'm good now . 
 i 'll just go back in there . 
 okay ? 
 okay , '' i said as i tried to make my way back to my room . 
 both men suddenly blocked my way . 
 seriously , i was beginning to think a mountain range was forming in front of my bedroom . 
 i stopped and looked at both men quizzically . 
 `` it 's already five in the morning . 
 you woke us up little bit , so you have to stay up now . 
 plus , i 'm hungry , maybe you could fix me some breakfast ? '' 
 ian said as his stomach grumbled . 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` you know kennan is a way better cook than i am , ian . 
 plus that is just sexist . 
 you should be ashamed , '' i said blearily , wishing i could go back to sleep for a while . 
 `` the puppy dog eyes do n't work on him though , '' ian said , making his eyes look sad . 
 `` newsflash bud , they do n't work on me either , '' i muttered as i turned toward kennan . 
 `` do i really have to stay awake ? 
 i 'm tired , '' i whined , trying my own puppy dog eyes out . 
 `` your big , sad eyes only slightly work on me , and yes , you have to stay awake . 
 ian and i came up with a training program for you last night , and it is best if we start soon . 
 that way you can get in a full day 's work . 
 you up for it , champ ? '' 
 kennan asked as he moved to put his arm around my shoulder . 
 i looked up at him and snarled . 
 `` i promise i will fix you breakfast , and i already made some coffee . 
 see , i take care of you , '' kennan crooned as he smiled pleadingly . 
 `` fine , but i 'm getting dressed first , '' i grumbled as i tried to make my way into the room almost tripping over the quilt in the process . 
 by the time i was dressed in some workout clothes , i could smell bacon frying and coffee being brewed . 
 i made my way out of the room , and just about fell over laughing . 
 my eyes were met with a vision i could n't quite shake . 
 ian had taken on the persona of richard simmons himself . 
 he was sporting a royal purple pair of shorty shorts , a sparkly tank top and sweat bands on his wrists and forehead . 
 i snorted and my laughter drew his attention . 
 `` do n't be jealous . 
 i look fantastic . 
 you only wish you could work these shorts , '' he said , lifting his leg up , making his shorts all but indecent . 
 `` how do you ever get dates ian , seriously ? '' 
 i snickered , wiping the tears from my eyes . 
 `` the ladies love a man who is n't afraid to where some sparkle , '' ian said , winking at me . 
 `` riiiiggghhhht . 
 maybe you 're still stuck in the disco era . 
 did you do too many drugs back when free love was the thing ? '' 
 i asked , hoping that too many acid trips might be to blame for his abysmal choice in clothing . 
 `` i just say no . 
 thank you very much , '' ian huffed . 
 i moved toward the kitchen and was stopped in my tracks by the sight of kennan . 
 now there was a man who knew how to dress , or not dress for the matter . 
 kennan stood in the kitchen wearing a pair of running shorts and nothing else . 
 his tattoos were the only thing clothing his torso . 
 god , i wanted to lick every single one of them . 
 i must have been gawking , because ian bumped into my shoulder and leaned down to whisper in my ear . 
 `` see something you like ? '' 
 he asked cheekily . 
 i shot him a glare before moving to the table where kennan was dishing up breakfast for everyone . 
 i took a huge drink of my coffee hoping to clear my throat and calm my nerves . 
 instead , i burnt my tongue and almost spewed coffee all over the table . 
 it looked to be another banner day for izzy boone . 
 `` so , what 's on the training agenda , sensei ? '' 
 i asked kennan , hoping my voice did n't sound as strained as i thought it did . 
 kennan cleared his throat , so i was busted after all . 
 `` well , first we 're going for a trail run . 
 then we 're going to work on some basic self-defense which is where ian comes in . 
 he 's a hand to hand combat instructor for the council . 
 almost all new guardians and seers go through his courses . 
 then , you and i will work on wards . '' 
 `` sounds like a full day . 
 what about my mom 's ceremony ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` we were going to do that this evening around a bonfire . '' 
 ian said before shaking himself from whatever memory had pulled him under . 
 `` well eat up there champ , we 're going to run you ragged today , '' kennan said before plopping down next to me with a plate piled high . 
 after breakfast , i went back to my room in search of some running shoes and found a pair of trail runners . 
 i just shook my head at the preparedness of kennan . 
 i was kind of terrified of running with the two brutes out in the living room . 
 they were at least a foot taller than me and both were in way better physical condition than i was . 
 to be honest , i was even more terrified of the hand to hand combat training later on . 
 i had never hit anyone in my life . 
 i shook off my apprehension and went out to meet the guys . 
 `` ready , red ? '' 
 kennan asked , shaking his legs out like he could n't wait to lope through the forest . 
 `` yeah , think you can keep up , little bit ? '' 
 ian asked before darting out the door . 
 `` do i need any mental wards today ? '' 
 i asked , wondering if i would be safe without them . 
 having the connection severed felt unnatural . 
 `` do you need them , or do you think you can block them if they try and hack in ? '' 
 kennan asked . 
 `` i think i can block them . 
 i know what it feels like now when someone is trying to hack my head . 
 so if i start to feel it and i ca n't stop it i 'll let you know . 
 does that work ? '' 
 `` i do n't think they will try now at any rate . 
 i 've had you stashed away up here for a while now . 
 they are probably searching for other means to find you now , '' kennan said before walking out the door in front of me . 
 i stepped out and was greeted by the return of grey skies and drizzle . 
 the rain was icy against my skin making me wonder if it had come straight down from the north pole . 
 i shivered and looked over to the two men who would train me . 
 kennan was the shirtless wonder and ian was the strangely dressed accessory . 
 `` bah , it is so cold out here , '' i whined . 
 temperate rainforest my bum , this place was cold . 
 `` it would n't be cold if you got your tushy moving , '' ian mocked . 
 i glared at him as i tried to warm up . 
 `` well , you lead the way since you 're so pumped . 
 or should we try some jazzercise first ? '' 
 i said with a smile . 
 `` you really should n't have asked that . 
 he taught jazzercise in the eighties , you know ? '' 
 kennan said , trying to talk so ian could n't hear what he was saying . 
 `` i won instructor of the year , '' ian crooned . 
 `` truth be told , i did it for the ladies in the skimpy outfits bouncing around , '' he said with an eyebrow wiggle . 
 `` well with that awesome mental picture , let 's hop to it . 
 otherwise i will turn into an izzy-cicle and be useless , '' i smiled as i headed out toward the woods , hoping that i was heading in the right direction . 
 ian cut in front of me and kennan moved to flank me like it was some sort of military formation . 
 we ran that way for a couple of miles , until the trail narrowed and we were forced to run single file . 
 i was surprised that i was able to run as far as i did . 
 it seemed all of that pedaling back in chicago combined with my hiking trips here had kept me in better shape than i 'd thought . 
 that 's not to say that i liked it , though . 
 running without something bad chasing me seemed to be a waste of energy . 
 `` hey , can you growl or something ? '' 
 i huffed out toward kennan as he ran behind me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked , not winded at all . 
 the bastard . 
 `` well , '' i huffed , `` it might make running easier if something is chasing me . '' 
 `` oh , you do n't want me chasing you , lass . 
 you would n't like it if i caught you , '' kennan all but purred . 
 well , cheese on a cracker , what was i supposed to do with that ? 
 i turned and looked over my shoulder suddenly feeling playful . 
 if he felt like throwing down a challenge , i would pick it right up . 
 `` catch me if you can , '' i said , the bravado a little ruined by my lack of breath . 
 i sprinted away , rushing passed ian . 
 i was awarded with a confused look from him before kennan went flying passed him . 
 i realized the stupidity of my challenge . 
 of course he could catch me . 
 maybe i should do the zigzag formation . 
 that was what zebras and the like did when being chased by lions . 
 why should n't it work for me ? 
 so i started doing just that . 
 i zigged and zagged through the trees , hoping to lose my opponent only to hear raucous laughter behind me . 
 `` what in the world are you doing , izzy ? '' 
 kennan asked between laughs . 
 `` evasive maneuvers , '' i puffed out , only to be answered with more laughter . 
 `` laugh all you want , but you still have n't caught me , '' i spouted . 
 suddenly , i was airborne and over kennan 's shoulder . 
 sometimes i forgot they had that whole inhuman speed thing . 
 then it dawned on me , he had been toying with me . 
 he could 've caught me anytime he wanted . 
 i beat on his back trying to get him to put me down and was rewarded with a swat to my behind . 
 `` what the devil , kennan o’malley , you did not just spank me , '' i sputtered . 
 `` well , quit squirming and i wo n't do it again , '' he said . 
 so i quit squirming , and remained draped over his shoulder like a limp rag doll . 
 he slid me down the front of him , never breaking the contact of our bodies . 
 he looked down at me like a lion looks at its prey and i was suddenly nervous . 
 as much as i had lusted after him the past few days , i had never really thought about what it would mean to be the focus of such a man 's attentions . 
 i looked up at him wide eyed wondering what he would do next . 
 he bent over and moved my hair aside . 
 his breath , hot against my rain chilled skin , caused tremors to echo throughout my body . 
 `` i caught you , little mouse . 
 now what should i do with you ? '' 
 he growled in my ear like the monster i had asked him to be . 
 `` umm , do n't eat me ? '' 
 i squeaked out . 
 i meant for it to be a statement but it came out a question instead . 
 `` oh , but you would like it , '' kennan said with his hand tangled in the base of my hair . 
 he pulled back to look at my face and smiled . 
 then he stepped away from me , leaving me a pile of ashes . 
 i was grateful for the freezing rain , hoping that it might act like a cold shower . 
 ian cleared his throat , and kennan and i both looked in his direction . 
 kennan looked irritated at the interruption while i tried to look anywhere else and regain my composure . 
 `` if the two of you are quite finished , i think we have some training to do , '' ian said before trotting off in the direction of the cabin . 
 `` race you back , '' kennan said with a smirk . 
 `` hardy har har . 
 it is n't fair when you turbo run . 
 puny human here , remember ? 
 i do n't come equipped with a super flash speed accelerator , '' i said , trying to focus on running and not drooling . 
 doing both would have resulted in me tripping over something and face planting . 
 no one wanted to see that . 
 we ran back toward the cabin . 
 i put all of my focus into running and tried to block out kennan . 
 i felt like i was about to crawl out of my skin . 
 i ran harder trying to release some of the tension building in my body . 
 by the time we reached the cabin 's clearing i was winded and ready to collapse . 
 ian ran over with some water and sat himself on the wet grass . 
 he patted the grass beside him inviting me to sit . 
 i was already drenched , so a little more water would n't hurt . 
 i sat there sipping water and trying to get my breathing back to normal as kennan paced the yard . 
 `` i 'm going to go for a longer run . 
 you got this for a while right ? '' 
 kennan asked , barely waiting for an answer before sprinting back into the woods . 
 apparently , he had some tension to run off himself . 
 `` what are you doing to that poor , poor man izzy ? '' 
 ian asked . 
 `` i have no idea what you 're talking about , '' i said innocently . 
 i rested for a few more minutes , trying to get my body back under control . 
 ian nudged me and told me it was time for combat lessons . 
 i decided to name it scrapping for seers . 
 ian did n't seem to appreciate my brilliant course name . 
 he spent several hours moving through basic stances and blocks . 
 i asked him when i could learn an awesome flying roundhouse . 
 he , sadly , informed me that i had to learn the lame stuff first . 
 he said something about building blocks and fundamentals . 
 ian , it turned out , was pretty much just like kennan . 
 he took our lessons quite seriously . 
 i had to promise to go through each stance every morning before breakfast . 
 he said it would help with muscle memory . 
 by the time my lesson had finished , kennan still had n't resurfaced . 
 `` should we be worried that he is n't back yet ? '' 
 i asked ian . 
 `` nah , he probably just ran up a mountain or something , '' ian said , without a trace of humor . 
 i just gawked at him as we made our way inside . 
 `` well , shotgun on the shower , '' i said , sprinting toward the bathroom . 
 `` you suck , isadora ! '' 
 i heard ian call after me . 
 i stopped dead in my tracks . 
 `` what did you call me ? '' 
 `` isadora . 
 it 's what your dad wanted to name you , but your mom liked izzy better . 
 your dad refused to just call you izzy though so he called you isadora to drive your mom batty , '' ian laughed at the memory . 
 `` i wish she would have listened to him . 
 do you know how hard it is to be an adult with a name like izzy ? '' 
 i asked , but i knew that i would keep that name no matter what . 
 it was something of my mother 's that no one could take from me . 
 `` do n't think you are distracting me from my shotgun call . 
 that shower is mine buster , '' i said before turning back to the shower . 
 after we both got cleaned up , we moved to the couch and watched a movie on my tablet . 
 ian found the count of monte cristo and labeled it the only even remotely manly movie in the mix . 
 we sat there watching the movie for about an hour before kennan resurfaced . 
 he came into the cabin dripping wet and looking just as pent up as when he had taken off . 
 `` can we postpone that ward lesson for the day ? '' 
 he asked gruffly . 
 i just nodded as he moved his way toward the bathroom . 
 the shower kicked on and he came out a few minutes later with a towel wrapped around his waist . 
 i was hoping it would fall , but no such luck . 
 he grabbed some sweatpants and pulled them on , followed by a t-shirt . 
 he dropped himself into the closest chair as ian and i continued to stare at him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` oh , nothing , we were just wondering if we could go ahead and start with the memorial service . 
 we 've been waiting on you there big guy , '' ian said . 
 `` oh gods , i 'm sorry , izzy . 
 i totally forgot , '' his eyes filled with remorse . 
 `` it 's okay , we still have time . 
 but i think we might have to do it around this fire , because i really do n't think we will get one started out there , '' i said , pointing toward the now pouring rain outside . 
 `` that would work just fine , '' ian said as he piled more logs on the fire . 
 we spent the evening sitting on the floor in front of the fire exchanging stories of my mother . 
 both of them had far more memories to add than i did . 
 i laughed and cried as a mother i did n't ever really get to know was honored . 
 i was struck with how much of an imprint she had left on both ian 's and kennan 's hearts , and i wanted so much to be like her . 
 i wanted to be able to change people the way she had , and leave such goodness behind . 
 i hoped that i could honor her memory with my life . 
 we went to bed as the flames turned to embers . 
 i slipped towards my room , with kennan following close enough to be my shadow . 
 he leaned down as i reached the door and kissed me on my forehead and then my cheek . 
 he sighed deeply before relinquishing his hold on me . 
 i looked up into his eyes , awestruck . 
 i wanted so badly to kiss this man , but i knew he was holding back . 
 i did n't want him if i could n't have it all . 
 so i stepped away from him and whispered my good night as i shut the door . 
 ********** nineteen the next few weeks passed without much excitement . 
 i continued working on my escape routes and my training with both ian and kennan . 
 ian was like a drill sergeant during our training , but would revert back to his jovial self immediately afterward . 
 lessons with kennan were torturous . 
 i desperately wanted to focus learning to put up wards and protection , but my ever growing attraction to him made that a rather difficult prospect . 
 we seemingly spent more time restraining ourselves than we did with the lessons . 
 so the days went on . 
 i found myself getting stronger and my reflexes growing sharp . 
 i managed to do all of the exit hikes solo . 
 i even handled the overnight hike on my own without freaking out . 
 kennan spent the weeks drilling into my head where to go if something happened , and who i would need to contact . 
 so the days passed with me training and hoping that i would be able to survive whatever was coming my way . 
 i went to sleep every night waiting for xavier , but never finding him . 
 it was n't until four weeks later that i had another vision and finally knew what needed to be done . 
 i was sitting in the living room after a long day of training , debating ian 's methods of instruction , when i was struck by a vision . 
 i heard a glass break and muffled voices as my surroundings disappeared . 
 ********** i was back at the bridge collapse , only this time there were two images . 
 one superimposed over the other . 
 i tried to remember what was happening and stood still long enough to get my bearings . 
 this time it was easier to recognize the vision for what it was . 
 i took in my surroundings , and saw in one vision a gaping hole where a bridge once stood , and the other held a bridge that was free from traffic . 
 the latter had construction vehicles parked all around with detour signs for any oncoming traffic . 
 i tried to focus on the scene of the ruined bridge and remember what my mother and kennan had taught me . 
 i looked in all of the cars for a newspaper , cursing the new digital age with each failed attempt . 
 finally , i reached a car that had a paper folded under a briefcase . 
 i saw the date was a mere week away . 
 i looked for anything that might help me know where i was , finally , i saw a sign on the bridge saying it was the bidwell bar bridge . 
 i looked further to see if i could find any signs indicative of where this bridge might be . 
 i found a sign saying highway 162 . 
 well , that would probably be enough information . 
 just as i was about to pull out of the vision , i saw xavier standing on the other side of the yawning gap . 
 he looked at me and smiled , and i did the most unladylike thing i had done in a long time . 
 i flipped him the bird before pulling myself out . 
 ********** `` izzy , are you okay ? '' 
 ian asked , sounding shocked . 
 `` yeah , i 'm fine . 
 i just had a vision . 
 i know where xavier expects to get his next big pay check . 
 well , at least i have a general idea and time . 
 i also know we can stop it . '' 
 `` dude , is it always like that ? '' 
 ian asked kennan , still freaked out . 
 `` yeah , with her it is . 
 but i think it has something to do with the way she sees things . 
 i had to go in the last time and drag her out . 
 it 's intense , man , '' kennan said . 
 `` sitting right here , you know ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` so , does anyone want to know my ingenious plan ? '' 
 i asked , thrumming my fingers together like a maniacal super villain . 
 `` sure , what do you have ? '' 
 kennan asked hesitantly . 
 `` well , we know that xavier gets a chunk of his money from insurance scams that result from disasters . 
 i 'm thinking we should interfere with his little profit scheme on this one . 
 i have the basic information of where the bridge is , i just need to look up some specifics . 
 then we can contact the highway department and pretend to be inspectors or something and report the problem , '' i said , realizing that as a mastermind plan went it kind of sounded cheesy . 
 `` well , that could work . 
 but you know that you ca n't change it all of the time , right ? '' 
 kennan asked , concerned . 
 `` it was a double layer vision . 
 i think we 're good on this one . 
 plus , i really want to piss your brother off , '' i said with a smirk . 
 `` okay , well you 're going to need an internet connection to figure out all of the information you need . 
 just try and keep to high traffic sites . 
 otherwise , they might pick up on your intentions , '' kennan said , running his hand over his face . 
 he got up and walked over to his bag , pulling out a little gadget that would provide me with wifi to do my research . 
 i spent the next few hours tracking down all of the phone numbers and credential information i would need . 
 by the time i had gotten everything i needed , the guys had gone outside to train . 
 i sat thrumming my fingers on the keyboard trying to decide whether or not to check my email . 
 not that there would be much there , but maybe i 'd gotten something . 
 there were about a thousand spam messages in my inbox as well as a message from mike . 
 i 'd been so worried about him and could n't wait to read what he had to say . 
 dear izzy , i ran . 
 i am safe . 
 i am in that place that makes me happy . 
 mike relief washed over me as i took in his words . 
 in typical mike fashion , he kept it to the point . 
 i knew exactly how to find him . 
 i was sitting on the couch doing a stationary happy dance when the guys ventured back in . 
 `` mike 's safe , '' i practically squealed at kennan . 
 `` how do you know that ? '' 
 kennan asked , suddenly wary . 
 `` he sent me an email , '' i said , confused . 
 `` you checked your email . 
 are you stupid izzy , or do the visions just cloud your judgment ? '' 
 kennan practically screamed at me . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 what did i do ? '' 
 i asked , panicked . 
 `` they 're probably tracing your email , izzy , '' ian said calmly , and without a trace of his usual humor . 
 `` they might not have looked . 
 we will just wait it out and see what happens . 
 i need you to log out and hand me back the adapter , '' kennan said calmly and detached . 
 `` man , they probably gave up on that avenue weeks ago . 
 i would n't worry about it , '' ian said , trying to convince himself as much as kennan . 
 `` i , i did n't know . 
 i did n't even think . 
 i 'm so sorry , '' i sputtered . 
 anxiety washed over me and i felt something in the air shift . 
 i looked up at both of the men , trying to see if they had felt the shift but neither of them seemed to notice . 
 they 'd started speaking in gaelic so that i would n't understand . 
 i sat back on the couch , sinking into the cushions and cleared my mind . 
 it was time i went for a walk in the fog to see what was happening . 
 as soon as i popped in xavier was there . 
 ********** `` gotcha , '' he said with a knowing grin . 
 `` you have to catch me first , '' i said , full of bravado . 
 `` i do n't think that will be terribly difficult . 
 i 'm sure my brother will once again be unable to pull the trigger . 
 i , luckily , do n't suffer from those same emotional contrivances , '' he said with a sneer . 
 `` you know , i do n't have time for this . 
 i wanted to see if you had found me , and you have . 
 i do n't know how long it will take you to get here , but if you think you will find me , you 're out of your mind . 
 oh , and i hope you enjoy the little surprise i have coming your way , '' i said with a wink as i pulled myself back to the present . 
 ********** `` okay , izzy , this is the plan , '' kennan started , obviously not aware that i had been gone . 
 `` we 're going to wait it out here . 
 tonight ian and i will do some scout runs around the perimeter to make sure they have n't found us . 
 then tomorrow we will head out . '' 
 `` well , i think we should go ahead and alert the highway department so that we can make sure the road gets fixed . 
 that way those people do n't have to die . 
 i do n't want that on my conscience , '' i said as i started to form a plan myself . 
 `` alright , ian will take care of that and i 'll head out and do a quick sweep , '' kennan nodded toward ian , all efficiency , before heading out the door . 
 `` what are you thinking , izzy ? '' 
 ian asked suspiciously . 
 `` i was just thinking about how much of a moron i was to not even think about them tracing my email , '' i said , hoping that he would believe the load of bull i was trying to sell . 
 `` okay , well i better hop to it . 
 i have to put on my best road condition inspector persona . 
 it may take a while to get into character , '' ian said with a regal stage bow . 
 `` right , well , while you 're at that , i 'm going to go lie down for a while . 
 those visions always wipe me out , '' i said , only half lying . 
 i was exhausted , but mostly i wanted to be alone so that i could figure out what to do . 
 i closed my door and locked it before moving to my escape bag and dumping it out . 
 i went through all of the contents , making sure i reloaded everything i would need for the next few days . 
 i knew in my heart that if i stayed , xavier would kill both kennan and ian . 
 but if i fled , and made my way to the council , well , then maybe they would be safe . 
 i could n't bear the thought of something happening to either of the men that had come to mean so much to me . 
 ian , the brother i never knew i was missing out on and kennan , the man i loved . 
 i thought about my plan and knew that it was risky . 
 i also knew that it was quite possibly dumbest thing i would ever do . 
 i quickly repacked my bag , making sure i had enough sustenance for several days in the backcountry . 
 i packed several sets of clothing , and made sure i had all of the maps from the house detailing my hiking routes . 
 i would n't be caught out there due to another stupid mistake . 
 oh , let me just leave this map showing my exact location . 
 nope , for once i was doing something smart . 
 i looked at the bag and then back at the door . 
 i heard kennan come in and knew that i would have to do my best to hide my intentions . 
 it would be a miracle if he did n't figure it out . 
 he 'd always been able to read me like a book . 
 i walked back out into the living room , trying my best to act casual . 
 i tried to avoid eye contact with kennan as much as possible . 
 i looked toward ian and tried for a subject that did n't scream , `` i 'm planning on running away tonight . '' 
 `` so , did you convince them to go and give their bridge a look ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yep , i 'm completely believable in my role as a civil servant . 
 they said they would have somebody head out and give it a look , '' ian puffed his chest out like he had done something exceptionally grand . 
 `` good work , if i had a dog biscuit i would give it to you , '' i said with a smirk . 
 ian just pushed me in the arm and i hurtled into kennan who was looking down at me . 
 i did my best to look away but kennan pulled me into his chest , hugging me close . 
 `` i will make sure nothing happens to you , do you understand me ? 
 i will keep you safe . 
 no matter what , '' he said fiercely . 
 it was that last statement that i could n't bear the thought of . 
 i had already lost everyone else that i loved . 
 i was n't going to lose kennan . 
 i hugged him closer , lingering in the safety of his arms as long as i could . 
 soon , i would be on my own . 
 we spent the rest of the evening normally . 
 we ate dinner and i feigned exhaustion before heading to my room . 
 i could n't look at either of them any longer or i would probably spill my guts and ruin my plan . 
 as i made my way to my room , kennan intercepted me as he had done every night for the past few weeks . 
 i looked up at him , waiting for our nightly ritual of a kiss that lasted just a second too long . 
 `` are you okay , izzy ? 
 you seem off tonight , '' kennan asked , trying to pry my secret from me . 
 `` yeah , i 'm fine . 
 i 'm just really tired . 
 visions will do that to me , '' i said . 
 i hated myself for lying to him . 
 but better i lie than he die . 
 `` well , ian and i are going to head out . 
 we should be back by midnight . 
 the wards are up so you should be safe here , '' he said before pulling me against him in another hug . 
 he leaned back and kissed my forehead before moving to my face . 
 this time his kiss landed just on the edge of my lips . 
 if i 'd turned my face a fraction of an inch , we would 've finally kissed . 
 i could have finally fulfilled my desires of the past four torturous weeks . 
 i looked up at him , saying goodnight . 
 i wished he could read the goodbye written in my eyes and i prayed that he would forgive me . 
 i knew i would see him again , i just hoped he would be happy to see me whenever it happened . 
 i moved through my door effectively cutting myself off from the two men . 
 ********** twenty i set about quietly preparing myself to leave that night . 
 when i finally heard the guys leave i got up and began to ward myself . 
 kennan and i had spent weeks practicing different wards and i used the three most powerful ones he had taught me . 
 i cut myself off from the visions . 
 i cut myself off from the dreaming . 
 i cut myself off from the guardians . 
 i felt lighter without all of the ties binding me , but i also felt bereft without them . 
 i waited another hour before gathering my things and leaving a note . 
 i could n't leave them thinking i had been taken . 
 so i told them where i was going . 
 i told them i was going over to bremerton , where mike had been stationed in the navy . 
 then i would head to the council . 
 i got out my map and plotted my points , afraid to use any lights this close to the cabin . 
 i was glad that kennan had made me hike each of the treks so many times . 
 i felt as though i could do them blind by this point . 
 i looked at my map one more time in the dim light of the cabin , and then stowed it as i headed out . 
 i must have hiked for about three hours before i heard a bellow ring out in the forest . 
 i heard kennan 's yell , a feral cry . 
 it echoed through the forest , promising to bring destruction down on anything between him and his objective . 
 i stopped moving and made myself as small as i could . 
 i was scared to even breathe for fear of being discovered . 
 i stayed like that , hidden inside a rotted out tree for what felt like an eternity . 
 i finally heard kennan begin to move away , shouting my name . 
 i had n't been discovered . 
 i got up and moved soundlessly through the trees . 
 i had to make it to the river soon . 
 i moved with sluggish steps , the adrenaline from my flight suddenly worn off . 
 i finally heard the trickle of the river in the distance , and thanked god for getting me there safely . 
 i did n't want to risk building a fire so i set up my mat and went to sleep almost immediately . 
 it felt strange to be so disconnected from everything . 
 all of my dreams were swept away and i was left with a nothingness . 
 i was a void which begged to be filled once more . 
 i allowed that void to cradle me until morning , finding solace in the emptiness . 
 i was startled from my sleep by a nearby sound . 
 i was sure that i had been discovered , but upon further inspection i found it was only a couple of elk at the river getting a drink . 
 i looked back toward the forest to find several more lingering in the brush . 
 they were all eyeing me warily . 
 like i would do anything to the lot of them , seriously . 
 they were huge beasts compared to me . 
 i watched them for a long time as they drank up the river and grazed on the grass and underbrush . 
 i was starting to get a cramp from lying in my current position , so i moved , startling them in the process . 
 once again , i was alone . 
 i stood up and stretched thinking back to the first time i 'd spent the night here . 
 i looked back to where kennan 's bag would 've been . 
 with a lump in my throat , i fought back the tears that threatened to fall . 
 `` you 're doing this for him . 
 xavier said he would kill him . 
 well , pretty much , so buck up , '' i scolded myself . 
 i set about getting breakfast and looked around to make sure i had n't been followed . 
 i knew that i had two options . 
 i could either wait it out here for another night to throw everyone off of my trail , or i could hike out tonight and haul tail to bremerton . 
 thank god mike wanted to be back at his old navy stomping grounds , because bremerton was just a few hours away from where i was . 
 i sat down and weighed my options , wondering what kennan and ian would have done in my position . 
 i decided to stick it out for another night . 
 i knew there was a very real chance they had been caught or had hauled butt out of there in search of me . 
 if that was the case , they would probably be waiting at the last escape exit today . 
 i spent the day going through a lot of the different forms ian had taught me . 
 i took a run through the woods , but ran back when i spotted the elk again . 
 i did n't want to disturb them . 
 mostly , i did n't want them to think i was some lady elk and try to mate with me . 
 i knew the odds were slim , but it must have happened to at least one person . 
 i got back to my stuff and took a quick bath in the freezing water . 
 afterwards , i built a fire and waited for darkness to come . 
 i was grateful the constant rain had held off thus far , but from the looks of the sky , my luck would n't hold out for much longer . 
 by the time night fell , the rain had started to fall again . 
 i looked up at the sky , wondering why god could n't have held it off for a little bit longer . 
 ultimately , i knew that the rain would cover any tracks i might have left . 
 i just sucked it up and burrowed into my sleeping gear . 
 i was pretty sure at the rate i was shivering my bag would work its way off while i slept . 
 i was surprised to wake the next morning still safely encased . 
 i got up once again and steeled myself for the hike out . 
 i plotted the points to make sure i had n't missed any of the pitfalls i had come across during my last few hikes . 
 i packed all of my stuff up and stretched out my tired muscles . 
 i looked back at the clearing longingly and wished i could just hide out here and let the world pass by . 
 then i remembered that all i had left to eat was a power bar and some granola . 
 my stomach won out . 
 i did n't have the fish catching skills of one kennan o’malley . 
 i sighed , a piece of me missing now that he was n't with me . 
 i had come to depend on him so much in the past few years and even more in the past month . 
 i could n't get the thought of his eyes out of my mind . 
 i missed his smile . 
 it had the power to transform me into a puddle of goo . 
 who was i kidding , i just missed all of him . 
 i promised myself if i made it through this i would tell him how i really felt . 
 no more holding back . 
 granted , if i did make it through this , he was probably going to want to throttle me . 
 so maybe i would have to feel the room first to see where i stood . 
 it would be my luck to show up , spill my guts , and then get yelled at . 
 that would kind of ruin the moment . 
 i trudged on , thinking of nonsense . 
 i wo n't lie , i spent a good amount of time fantasizing about kennan . 
 god , i wanted that man . 
 not just physically , but in everything . 
 i was kind of ashamed . 
 i had spent so long being opposed to relationships , and really having no interest in them , and then all of a sudden there he was . 
 it was like i had finally opened my eyes and saw what was right in front of me . 
 my foot slipped , pulling me from my reverie , and i started to slide down the hill i was trying to trek up . 
 the rocks came loose under my feet as the rain began falling more heavily . 
 i slid all the way to the bottom of the hill , now covered in mud . 
 i checked all of my joints to make sure i was still in working order . 
 yep , nothing but my pride was busted . 
 i scrambled up the hill once more , this time crawling halfway . 
 once i got to the top , i stopped to even out my breathing and get a drink . 
 as i drank , i noticed someone further up the trail . 
 i quickly hid in some of the denser foliage and waited for the hikers to pass . 
 i did n't trust that they were out here just enjoying a hike . 
 no matter what they looked like . 
 at this point , the only people i trusted were mike , ian , and kennan . 
 i waited with bated breath for them to pass . 
 it was a man and a woman and they looked completely ordinary . 
 except the woman stopped and looked directly at my hiding place for a moment . 
 i started to move but she shook her head . 
 it would have been unnoticeable had i not been paying such close attention . 
 she turned away immediately with the man and kept hiking down the way i had come up . 
 i heard her talk to him in hushed tones . 
 `` i saw her camping by the river . 
 that is all i could see . 
 she has us blocked really well . 
 even seers ca n't get through her walls right now , '' the girl said helplessly . 
 i heard the slap of skin on skin and i wanted to run to the girl and defend her . 
 she was younger than me . 
 yet , she lied to whoever this was so that i could escape . 
 i looked down toward the bottom of the hill where they had stopped . 
 she once more looked in my direction with a ferocity i had never known . 
 this girl held a strength i could only dream of . 
 i hoped that someday i would be able to find her . 
 i could n't bear the thought of abandoning her after she had just saved my hide . 
 `` molly , i swear to the gods , if you 're lying to me i will make you pay . 
 do n't think i wo n't do it . 
 i do n't care how talented you are , '' the man growled . 
 `` i can only tell you what i have seen . 
 i would n't dare invent stories sir , '' she said with a hint of defiance in her voice . 
 so the man with her was with the corporation . 
 by the sounds of it , he was a guardian as well . 
 i watched them for a moment longer before the tiny blonde gave me a pointed look as if to say , `` run you moron ! '' 
 i nodded in her direction , and tried to communicate with my eyes that i would n't forget her . 
 i scrambled out of hiding after they were out of sight and ran for it . 
 i did n't know how long i would have before they headed back this way . 
 i did n't want molly to be found out either . 
 if they caught me they would know that she 'd lied . 
 i made a mental note to find her again and help her escape somehow . 
 i was winded by the time i reached the car . 
 i checked the parking lot several times before getting in the car to make sure no one was watching me . 
 i got in and hit the 101 in the hopes of finding mike . 
 i knew there was a restaurant he always talked about frequenting up near bremerton . 
 it was some little hole in the wall diner . 
 that would be my first stop . 
 i needed to gain sustenance for myself and to try and find him . 
 then we were going to high tail it to the council and figure out what to do next . 
 i arrived at the diner almost four hours later . 
 i had almost stopped in port angeles to grab some food , but thought better of it . 
 the fewer stops , the better probably . 
 i walked inside and found a booth , hoping against all hope that mike would come in . 
 the waitress came by to take my order and i asked if she had seen a man named mike that day . 
 `` oh , honey , you just missed him by an hour . 
 is your name izzy by any chance ? '' 
 the lady asked . 
 `` yes , ma’am , '' i said skeptically . 
 `` well , mike left something for you . 
 let me go grab it . 
 he said you might show up here someday . '' 
 as the lady walked away , i wondered what mike could have left me . 
 i also wondered how long it would take to cook my burger . 
 i was famished . 
 she returned with my drink and an envelope and left me to my discoveries . 
 i opened the envelope , not sure what i might find . 
 all that was inside was a key and a map of how to get from the diner to his house . 
 well , that was a relief . 
 i was glad that it was n't some cryptic message about the fate of the world or whatever . 
 i was getting sick of surprises . 
 my burger came a few minutes later and i took the time to devour it along with every single last french fry . 
 their greasy goodness sunk into my stomach , making me long for a nap . 
 well , i did have a map to a house . 
 perhaps mike had a couch that i could become acquainted with . 
 i left the diner and headed over to mike 's place . 
 i found it after passing the turn off three times . 
 i parked along the street in front of the small , shingled house . 
 the house itself looked like it had seen better days , but i supposed that it matched mike 's personality in a strangely accurate way . 
 i walked up to the door and knocked . 
 i was so stunned by who opened the door , i did n't know whether to scream or run , but neither choice was mine to make . 
 ********** twenty one i was jerked into the house before i could cause a scene . 
 i stood there , dumbfounded , unable to process what my eyes were seeing . 
 there , in mike 's living room , was xavier . 
 i looked around expecting to see mike tied up . 
 instead , he was reclined in a chair , smoking a cigar . 
 i looked around the rest of the room and saw three more men who were easily a foot taller than me . 
 all this passed in a matter of seconds , bringing me right back to xavier who happened to be smiling down at me maliciously . 
 `` told you i would find you . 
 all of that running was for nothing after all , '' his voice sent chills down my spine . 
 `` what 's going on here , mike ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 i wanted an explanation . 
 i also wanted to shove xavier 's nose into his brain pan , but i was n't quite tall enough for that . 
 `` oh , honey , how did you not know ? 
 you really are just as dumb and trusting as that other lot . 
 the corporation has been paying me quite well to keep tabs on you and feed them inside information about what was happening within the council . 
 as soon as you started to show signs of being a seer , i contacted xavier and had him added to our delivery route . 
 you did n't go there just by chance izzy , '' mike said around his cigar . 
 `` but what about your sons ? 
 what about all of those years i worked for you ? 
 are you telling me you 're okay with just handing me over to these guys ? 
 do you even know what they will do to me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i was afraid the tears would start sliding down my cheeks at any moment . 
 i had to keep it together . 
 i had to find a way out . 
 `` oh , my sons are alive and well , babycakes . 
 these big guys have kept my family 's pockets padded for quite a long time . 
 and yes , i know exactly what they will do with you and quite frankly i just do n't care . 
 you were a paycheck , '' mike said , uninterested . 
 i felt like a part of my heart was physically being ripped away . 
 a man i had thought of like a second father was nothing more than a deceptive , manipulative ass like the rest of these guys . 
 i thought back to the email and to everything that had happened . 
 xavier had set me up . 
 he had known he could n't get to me when i was with kennan and ian . 
 he had played on my weakness and i had fallen for it hook , line , and sinker . 
 it looked like i was the catch of the day . 
 in a rare fit of rage , i ripped mike 's cigar from his mouth and shoved it down on his arm hard , putting out the embers in his skin . 
 i wanted him to be reminded of me every single day for the rest of his miserable life . 
 mike yelled out . 
 `` you little bitch ! '' 
 he struck out at me and xavier intercepted . 
 `` now , mike , let 's all keep a level head here . 
 izzy is just a little spirited . 
 but do n't worry , we will work that out of her before too long . 
 now go rinse that out before it gets infected . '' 
 xavier dismissed mike with a flick of his hand and moved towards me . 
 i stood my ground . 
 i refused to cower in front of this man . 
 kennan may not have been able to kill him , but i held no such reservations . 
 i looked up at my captor defiantly . 
 yes , i had been stupid and played right into his hand , but , i had done so to protect the people i loved . 
 that was a kind of stupidity i could live with . 
 we stared at one another for a long time before he began to speak . 
 `` you are n't at all like your mother , are you ? 
 you 're quite the feisty thing . 
 i have so enjoyed our little talks in the dreaming . 
 it 's such a pleasure to finally be face to face once more , '' he drawled as he reached for my face to brush it the way kennan did . 
 i grabbed his hand quickly , bending it backward almost to the breaking point . 
 `` you touch me again and i will break you , big man , '' i said , grateful for ian and the many things he 'd taught me about using my size to my advantage . 
 `` looks like you have learned some new tricks , pet . 
 what else has my brother taught you ? '' 
 xavier asked with a raised brow , as though i had n't even hurt him . 
 i was amazed that i had once thought him handsome . 
 he was not godlike at all . 
 he was playing at being a god . 
 in my experience , the mighty fall further and harder . 
 i would bring him down if it was the last thing i did . 
 `` oh , would n't you like to know . 
 but it was n't just kennan , i still have other friends left , you know , '' i said , being as vague as possible . 
 `` well , do n't worry your pretty head about any of that now . 
 we have a long trip ahead of us , so why do n't you go and grab your bag , '' xavier commanded . 
 i really wanted to inflict vast amounts of pain on this man . 
 i had never felt anything like the rage that had swelled within me since knocking on that infernal door . 
 i was hoping that mike would get gangrene from his burn and his arm would rot off . 
 i was hoping that all of the men in black suits would get some incurable virus that would melt their organs . 
 and most of all , i hoped that xavier would have a run in with a rusty blade of some sort and contract tetanus . 
 i had never been a violent person , but when i had nothing left , i got scrappy . 
 i looked at xavier and weighed my options . 
 i could go along with this and not fight it , or i could try and run . 
 i knew from experience that outrunning a guardian was damn near impossible , so i decided to once again ride the wave of a kidnapping . 
 there had to be some sort of limit on the amount of times a girl could be kidnapped in a year . 
 i mean , i must have met my quota by now . 
 i looked up at the sky silently begging god , `` come on , big man . 
 help a sister out a little . '' 
 i sighed and headed toward my car . 
 i was awarded with an escort from the goon squad to retrieve my belongings . 
 i acted like i was searching the glove box . 
 i needed to leave a note or something in case ian or kennan found the car . 
 i scribbled on the registration the basics of what had happened . 
 i did n't have much time with the goon squad was growing restless right outside of the door . 
 i tossed the paper down in the floorboard under the seat so that it barely showed . 
 i was counting on kennan 's obsessive nature to take over and find it . 
 i grabbed my bag and closed the door , locking the keys inside . 
 see if you can move the car now , stupid bad guys . 
 i mean , i supposed they could call a locksmith , but at least i had delayed them in disposing of the car . 
 i headed back toward the house , only to have xavier gesture toward a black limousine . 
 well , of course . 
 why would n't he be cruising around in a limo ? 
 i was more than a little pissed that my first time in a limo was going to be with an asshat like him . 
 i sighed , tossed my bag into the dark chasm and shuffled in after it . 
 i pulled myself into a back corner before xavier 's morose entourage climbed in . 
 they really did look like a crew of undertakers . 
 i decided to name them lurch 1 , lurch 2 , and lurch 3 . 
 the last of the men did n't look nearly tall enough to be a lurch , so he was instead dubbed igor . 
 i sat quietly in the back seat for a long time . 
 the road rolled beneath us , taking me to lord knows where . 
 thoughts of what a major cluster this whole situation had become danced through my head . 
 i might as well have just given myself over in chicago . 
 i was brought from my thoughts by xavier 's hands approaching the sides of my face . 
 i looked at him like he had lost his mind . 
 i reached up and snapped his hand , sure that i had broken at least something . 
 instead , he just shook his hand and `` tsked '' me . 
 i was pinned to the back of the seat by the lurches faster than i could track . 
 `` you should have played nice , '' xavier scolded . 
 i wondered what it would take to make him yell . 
 then i remembered , he was devoid of all real emotion . 
 i struggled against my captors as xavier approached . 
 i knew he was trying to hack my brain but i was durned if i was gon na make it easy on him . 
 i squirmed as much as possible , but once he had a hold of my head , i could n't move . 
 i was painfully braced between his large hands . 
 a deep look of concentration passed over his brow . 
 he looked as though he was straining , and i remembered my wards . 
 i looked back into his eyes defiantly . 
 `` what have you done ? 
 take them down . 
 do it now , '' xavier said with more heat than i thought possible for him . 
 `` sorry , i do n't know how , '' i said flippantly . 
 i was really glad my pants did n't catch fire and give me away immediately . 
 the way the day had turned out though , i would n't have been surprised if they had . 
 `` you 're telling me you warded your head but you do n't know how to undo it ? 
 kennan is far too anal to have let that happen , '' xavier said , trying to pry the truth from me . 
 `` well , before i could learn to undo them , i had to learn to do them . 
 i was still working on the first part you see , so we did n't quite make it there . 
 pity , huh ? '' 
 i said , just before he struck me . 
 well , it was just a banner day for me . 
 i was riding in a limo for the very first time . 
 i had been hit by a man for the first time in my life , well , if i did n't count ian 's training . 
 oh , and i had been kidnapped . 
 but that was more of a repeating theme for me , so i was n't sure it counted . 
 i sat there numb , but grateful to have my mind to myself . 
 he could torture me or any other number of things . 
 he would n't use my head to screw with people 's lives . 
 he would have to kill me first . 
 i looked over at him , filled with more rage than i ever thought possible . 
 i could n't help myself . 
 i wanted this man to suffer like i had never wanted anything before . 
 `` so , how did your latest insurance scheme work out , buddy ? '' 
 i asked , remembering that today would have been the bridge collapse . 
 xavier looked at me confused at first and then pulled his phone out to make a call . 
 he spoke in gaelic like ian and kennan did when they did n't want me to hear what was being said . 
 by the time he ended his phone conversation he was seething . 
 he shot out of his seat towards me with his arm out , gripping me around the throat . 
 i was once more pinned to the seat , barely breathing . 
 i probably should n't have pushed him , but quite honestly , i just wanted to piss him off . 
 i looked him in the eyes defiantly and smiled . 
 i knew then and there that i was made of stronger stuff than i had ever imagined . 
 he could take everyone i ever loved . 
 heck , he could kill me . 
 but like mel gibson said in braveheart , `` he could never take my freedom . '' 
 i knew that was the truth . 
 i was my own person , and i would fight until my last breath to keep that freedom . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 i croaked running out of air . 
 `` did somebody foil the evil villain 's plan ? '' 
 he shoved my head to the side , against the window . 
 i heard a crack before everything went dark , sinking me , once more , into oblivion . 
 ********** twenty two when i awoke , we were on some sort of plane . 
 i sat up and looked around , trying to get my bearings . 
 this was no mere plane , it was a private jet . 
 just add that to the list of firsts for the day . 
 i had never flown before this and i had quite frankly never wanted to . 
 i sat there , trying to control my breathing . 
 i would n't let him know how this small space affected me . 
 i could n't imagine what he would do with that sort of information . 
 i looked around , trying to twist in the seat , only to find myself practically immobilized . 
 the pull against my wrists drew my attention to my handcuffed hands . 
 personally , i thought it was a bit overkill . 
 i mean , i was on a plane , flying through the air . 
 just where did they think i was going ? 
 i was n't dumb enough to jump out of the plane . 
 although , i was desperate enough to just crash the whole thing and kill us all . 
 i guessed the handcuffs made sense after all . 
 my throat was on fire and my head was pounding . 
 i wondered if they kept some of those magic pills kennan stocked . 
 as i was pining for some sort of relief , xavier lowered himself into the seat directly in front of me . 
 he looked at me with an expression that i assumed he meant to be soothing . 
 he approached me like i was some sort of wild caged animal and i reveled in it . 
 i raised an eyebrow at him in question . 
 `` izzy , it really is unseemly for you to act out in front of my associates . 
 so i am going to ask you nicely to lower your wards . 
 i will only ask this once more , '' xavier said calmly . 
 `` sorry , do n't know how to help you , '' i said , my voice strained and sounding like someone driving over an old gravel road . 
 well , that was new . 
 i wondered if the affectation would be a permanent one . 
 `` now , be reasonable . 
 i can make your life very easy , or i can make it very uncomfortable . 
 your mother gave me too many problems and chose the latter for herself . 
 will you be smarter than she was ? 
 sorry for your loss by the way , '' he said flippantly . 
 i raged against my confines . 
 i wanted so badly to wrap my hands around his stupid throat and squeeze until his face resembled a blueberry . 
 i had never hated anyone before , never wanted to in fact . 
 yet there i was . 
 i wanted nothing more than to destroy the man . 
 i yearned to see him burn for all he had done to my family and even his own . 
 i pulled as far forward in my seat as i could . 
 `` i need you to listen very closely , xavier . 
 you will kill me before you ever get me to submit to you . 
 i will fight you every second i am breathing . 
 make no mistake , my mother may have come to you willingly , but i did not . 
 the funny thing really is i am damn near useless with all of these wards up , '' i said , nodding my head back . 
 `` so , good luck with that , '' i snarled before he shoved me back in my seat pressing hard against my breast bone . 
 he towered over me . 
 rage burned in his eyes and i could tell that it had been a very long time since xavier had been denied any request . 
 it really was a pity no one ever taught him to play nicely . 
 `` let me help you understand your position , izzy . 
 you will submit to me . 
 i am a patient man . 
 i have no scruples about doing anything necessary to get what i want . 
 i have no grand sense of morality . 
 so you can push and you can taunt all you want . 
 your blustering wo n't save you in the end , '' he said , releasing me . 
 he walked to another part of the jet , leaving me alone with my musings . 
 i looked out of the window with my blood boiling . 
 i was angry at him , i was angry at myself and i wanted nothing more than to be free so that i could inflict some sort of damage . 
 i thought about every step i had taken that led me to this point . 
 the only thing i knew for certain was that if i ever got the chance , i would kill xavier or die trying . 
 we landed about an hour later , coming into a city i knew all too well . 
 i was back in chicago . 
 i looked as the city i once loved passed by the windows . 
 i glanced back toward where xavier was sitting to find him looking directly at me . 
 he wore a knowing smirk , as if to laugh at some joke i was not in on . 
 i tore my eyes away from him . 
 i refused to ask what it was about . 
 in fact , i had decided not talking might be the best thing for me . 
 all i had to show for my back talk was a sore throat and lump on my head . 
 oh , and let 's not forget the bruise forming on my breastbone where xavier had tried to make the seat and i one entity . 
 ugh , i was so over this . 
 i just wanted to know what the evil mastermind had planned . 
 then i could get in touch with kennan . 
 well , if he were lurking in the dreaming at any rate . 
 i sure hoped he was there , because this plan was total crap otherwise . 
 not that any of my former plans had turned out so well . 
 but this one seemed solid . 
 and , well , it was the only one i had . 
 xavier stood and approached me . 
 he unlocked the cuffs and i rolled my wrists trying to release some of the soreness . 
 he looked down at me expectantly while i awaited my next command . 
 i could play the affable captive if i needed to . 
 look at me , i 'm a model prisoner . 
 hey , i wondered if there was some sort of early parole for seers who did the bidding of the corporation without giving a fuss . 
 i started to ask xavier and then thought better of it . 
 i did n't think my body could take any more abuse this day . 
 `` would you get out of your seat already ? '' 
 xavier asked , exacerbated . 
 i nodded and did what he asked . 
 i had so many clever retorts , but i feared he would n't appreciate them the way kennan and ian did . 
 god , i really missed kennan . 
 i felt myself in really grave danger of caving and opening myself up to kennan before i found out anything of use . 
 i knew that i could n't , but not having him with me made me feel like i had phantom limb syndrome . 
 i kept starting to ask him something and then i would remember i was alone . 
 we deplaned and headed toward yet another black limo . 
 we took the car straight into the city . 
 i wondered why i was n't being blindfolded . 
 just as the thought passed through my mind , a black rag was tied around my head . 
 i tried to fight it off only to have xavier `` tsk '' me again . 
 `` now , now izzy . 
 i thought we were finally getting along . 
 if you start fighting again , we will have to put you back in shackles . 
 you do n't want to mar that pretty skin of yours do you ? '' 
 he asked , running his fingers over my wrist . 
 it took everything in me not to physically cringe away from his touch . 
 something that should have been soft and seductive was turned into something twisted and frightening . 
 i sat as still as i could and held my breath . 
 i knew that if he saw how bothered i was at his touch , he would just use that against me . 
 `` show no weakness . '' 
 it was the motto that ian had drilled into me for the past four weeks . 
 so instead i put my bravado back in place and nodded toward xavier . 
 he stopped touching me immediately . 
 so he had done it just to throw me . 
 i supposed there would be many more tests just like this one . 
 i hoped none of them included confined spaces . 
 i did n't think i could fake my way out of that . 
 i sat there with my blindfold on and wondered where we were heading . 
 each part of the city had always felt different to me . 
 it all pulsed with a life of its own , and i wondered if i would still be able to feel it , even blindfolded . 
 we stopped , and i was pulled from the car by what i assumed was a lurch . 
 being blindfolded , i could n't tell if it was one , two , or three . 
 i just knew it was n't igor . 
 he was n't tall enough to fit the bill . 
 i was dragged into a building , and i immediately knew where i was . 
 i was in the building i had delivered a package to almost two months ago . 
 time flies when you 're on the run . 
 i waited with the goon squad , hoping we were n't about to take the elevator . 
 alas , my hopes were dashed when the telltale ding announced the death box 's arrival . 
 i took one last deep breath as discreetly as i could , fearing my little secret would be discovered . 
 hell , the blindfold was about to send me into conniptions as it was . 
 i just tried to keep it together . 
 it could n't be that far up in the building . 
 i waited as the seconds ticked by . 
 after what seemed like an eternity later , we arrived on our floor . 
 i was escorted off of the elevator and the blindfold was removed . 
 ********** twenty three i stood in what looked like a doctor 's office , or perhaps it was more akin to a lab . 
 except here , where there should be doctors there were just ridiculously large men , and in the place of patients there were women of various ages . 
 i took in my surroundings slowly . 
 when my eyes finally came to rest on a bay of windows i was revolted . 
 inside , there rested five seers hooked up to the same machines my mother had once occupied . 
 i looked away as the tears threatened to spill over . 
 i glanced in the opposite direction of the windows and found a corridor with a sign announcing the way to the dormitories . 
 i stood still , not knowing what was expected of me . 
 i certainly did n't want to end up hooked to a machine . 
 if i got hooked up , i would never be able to find kennan without being discovered . 
 so , i decided to continue with my nice captive charade . 
 my momma always used to say that you attract more flies with honey than you do vinegar . 
 i never understood why anyone would want to attract flies , but now it was starting to make more sense . 
 xavier motioned with his hand that we were to move forward into the doctor 's bay . 
 he led me to a physician 's table and had me climb up and sit . 
 i did my best to hide my nerves , wondering the whole time whether or not they would be able to lift the wards without my help . 
 kennan had assured me that the ones we had used had n't been used in over a thousand years and were far more difficult to break than the ones most seers used today . 
 the ones he had me use took a great deal more time and focus to put into place . 
 so i was counting on his word , and my ward ability to keep me safe . 
 a woman slowly approached the table , followed closely by two more lurches . 
 seriously , would it kill these people to add a little color to their wardrobes ? 
 i mean , did n't they know that the black suits were kind of cliché . 
 maybe they bought them in bulk for a discounted price . 
 i pulled my mind back into focus and drew my attention back to the approaching woman . 
 she was amiable looking . 
 she had crinkles around her eyes that spoke of long ago easy smiles . 
 her hair was graying around the temples and was plated neatly . 
 the thing that struck me most were her eyes . 
 they were a brilliant blue , the kind of blue i had always wanted instead of my indecisive hazel . 
 but these eyes told of great sadness . 
 she carried so much history in her eyes that i wanted to weep . 
 i could n't imagine what horrors she must have witnessed to end those easy smiles and replace them with the grief that now sung out of those beautiful , blue orbs . 
 she approached the bed slowly . 
 i was getting tired of being treated like a caged animal . 
 i had n't bit anyone . 
 yet . 
 i looked at her , patiently awaiting whatever my next test might be . 
 i tried my best to school my features into a blank , friendly expression , but from the look on her face i did n't think i achieved it . 
 the way she stared at me , i was wondering if i more resembled a deranged chimp . 
 she cocked her head to the side in question . 
 `` are you moira 's girl ? '' 
 she asked , with a thick southern accent . 
 `` yes . '' 
 short and sweet , that was me . 
 `` you look just like her , you know ? 
 well , close enough that anyone could tell you were kin at any rate . 
 well , baby doll , i need to check you out . 
 make sure nothing is broken and all that . 
 it should n't hurt . '' 
 she said the last with a sigh , like she wanted to be doing anything but this . 
 `` what are you going to do ? '' 
 i asked , knowing that this was no ordinary physical . 
 `` well , i need to check your brain out and see if those wards you put up can be taken down . 
 i also need to check and see if you are getting any information from the outside . '' 
 she looked down at the chart in her hands and nodded . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 she asked before putting her hands on either side of my head . 
 i could feel a pressure building in my head . 
 i knew that she was unable to penetrate whatever wall she was trying to push down . 
 suddenly , i heard her voice in my head . 
 i had to school my features so as not to show my surprise . 
 `` i 'm so sorry about your momma . 
 i wish that i could have done more to help her . 
 i wish i was strong enough to help you . 
 but they have my molly . 
 i ca n't let any harm come to her . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 she breathed out heavily , as if she was taxed by what she was doing . 
 `` how can i hear you , are my wards broken ? 
 can all of the seers jack into my head like this ? '' 
 i asked , terrified . 
 i did n't know any other seers , for all i knew we were all hooked up to the same wavelength . 
 `` your wards are safe sweetheart . 
 good strong strapping ones at that . 
 and no , not all seers can jack into your head . 
 that is just something my molly and i can do . 
 we all have our own talents you know . '' 
 she finished and dropped her hands . 
 `` these wards are unlike anything i have ever seen . 
 they were done with very old magic . 
 stuff that has n't been used in at least a thousand years . 
 if you want a crack at what is in this girl 's head , you better get your scholars working , '' she said to xavier , before sending an apologetic look my way . 
 i knew she had her daughter to protect , but dang it , i wanted someone in my corner . 
 molly , where had i heard that name before ? 
 i knew her . 
 she was the one that had lied to cover my tracks . 
 she had known exactly where i was and she 'd saved my skin . 
 well , at least until i had served myself up on a platter . 
 i should 've shoved an apple in my mouth while i was at it . 
 `` so , what now chief ? '' 
 i asked xavier . 
 for once , i did n't add any heat to the question . 
 `` now we get you situated in a room . 
 if you behave , you will be allowed to socialize with the other seers . 
 if you act out , we will hook you to a machine and see if it ca n't sort out those pesky wards of yours , '' xavier said with a nod toward some of his men . 
 they moved toward me , each grabbing an elbow . 
 i wondered if i was to be dragged to my room or carried . 
 the way they lifted me from the table looked like some sort of broadway parody . 
 i was bone tired , if they wanted to carry me the whole way , i would n't have objected . 
 i looked back to where xavier stood , a questioning look in his eyes . 
 `` i 'll be keeping an eye on you , so do n't start any more trouble . 
 am i understood ? '' 
 his voice the same cold i had come to hate . 
 where kennan was all warmth and comfort , like a warm fire and good book , xavier was like the frozen tundra . 
 i was glad to be rid of him , but wondered at his warning . 
 how would he be watching me ? 
 would i get a lurch of my very own ? 
 oh happy , happy , joy , joy . 
 it was just what i 'd always wanted . 
 i looked skeptically at the men on each of my elbows . 
 both men were gorgeous . 
 i was n't sure they came any other way around these parts . 
 well , if they were of the guardian variety at any rate . 
 i let them walk/drag me down the hall where the dormitories were . 
 i kept a close eye on all of my surroundings . 
 i knew that if i ever wanted to escape this place , or be busted out , i would have to be able to relate as much information as i could . 
 we made a turn down another hall and i was greeted by at least twenty doors on either side of me . 
 it looked a whole lot like that hallway in the movie the shining . 
 all that was missing were the twin girls at the other end . 
 i breathed a sigh of relief when i was unceremoniously dumped into the equivalent of a cheap motel room . 
 i looked around my new digs trying to find anything that might be used as a weapon . 
 sadly , there was nothing available . 
 i gave up on my snooping and threw myself onto the bed to bounce for a minute . 
 well , at least the bed seemed a little comfortable . 
 i took in my meager surroundings and wondered if all of the other seers were given rooms like this . 
 if so , it was a wonder they had n't unionized and gone on strike for better working conditions . 
 perhaps i could form a seers union . 
 nah . 
 that would probably constitute as misbehaving . 
 i threw myself back on the bed and was surprised at how tired i suddenly felt . 
 i allowed my eyes to close and i drifted off to sleep . 
 i did n't know how long i slept before a knock at my door brought my attention back to my surroundings . 
 i went to it and was surprised to find i could open it . 
 why had i not tried to do that sooner ? 
 standing on the other side of the door was molly . 
 `` so you went and got yourself caught anyway ? '' 
 she said with a look of disapproval . 
 `` well how was i supposed to know my surrogate father was a giant backstabbing liar face ? '' 
 i said defensively . 
 i did n't even know this girl and she was berating me for being stupid . 
 she might 've been right but that was entirely beside the point . 
 `` i know , i tried to warn you , but i did n't have enough time . 
 plus keith would have known i was up to something more than he already suspected , '' she said with a roll of her eyes . 
 `` well , um , okay then . 
 would you like to come in ? '' 
 i asked , unsure of what the etiquette for this situation was . 
 `` sure , but i was actually coming by to grab you on my way to dinner , '' molly said before entering my room . 
 she was a little sprite of a thing . 
 she was only around five foot four and tiny as could be . 
 her blonde hair was in loose waves that hung to about her shoulders . 
 she had elfish features that conjured images of the fairytales my mother used to read me . 
 i guessed i was staring at her because she awkwardly cleared her throat . 
 `` you are awfully feisty for someone so small , '' i said , hoping i did n't offend the only person that might be my friend here . 
 `` like tnt . 
 i 'm small but highly explosive , '' she said matter of factly . 
 `` so , how long have you been with the king of the asshats ? '' 
 i asked , hoping she would know i was talking about xavier . 
 `` since i was about three . 
 they came and took my mother and me . 
 at least that 's what my mom told me . 
 i have been here ever since , waiting for your slow ass to show up , '' she said , like i had purposefully inconvenienced her . 
 `` sorry about the wait ? '' 
 i more asked than stated . 
 `` well , when i was four my mom had a vision about you and she told me . 
 i 've been waiting around ever since . 
 she said you would save me . 
 no pressure or anything , '' molly said before landing on my bed . 
 `` yeah , no pressure . 
 jesus , you would think i would 've gotten a welcome packet . 
 if i survive this , i am totally designing one . 
 it was a lot to take on when i had no idea what i was until right before my birthday . 
 i mean , you would think someone would have at least given me a heads up about being the whole seer messiah thing , '' i said , blowing out a breath . 
 `` um , sorry about your luck , '' molly said , clearly unaffected by my ranting . 
 `` well , i wo n't be able to save the world on an empty stomach , so shall we ? '' 
 i asked before heading to the door . 
 `` yep , just follow me . 
 when we get there , i will give you the skinny on everyone . 
 just do n't flinch when i start yapping in your head . 
 other people will notice , '' she said as she led us to the cafeteria . 
 not since high school had i been in a place like this . 
 i had no interest in returning either . 
 the food even smelled and looked like that of my old high school . 
 i wondered if they brought in lunch ladies as well . 
 i looked behind the line to see more of the goons standing about giving everyone the stank eye . 
 i just made my way through the line and got the most edible looking selection . 
 it loosely resembled pizza . 
 molly motioned for us to sit at a table in the middle of the room and started yapping away in my head while we ate . 
 she talked about the gossip first . 
 like who was hooking up with who , and who was about to be in deep crap for not fulfilling their quota for the month . 
 i looked around as she spoke , and i was grateful that all in all there were only about fifteen women present . 
 not counting the ones hooked up to machines . 
 i must have gotten a look on my face , because molly switched gears . 
 she looked hesitant at first , but then steeled herself for what she was about to say . 
 `` listen , i do n't know how you will save us . 
 i do n't even really know that you can when you get your own stupid butt captured . 
 but , if you do get out of here , there are things you need to know . 
 he is working with some of the council members on a big plan . 
 i do n't know what it is . 
 i just know that not everyone that is supposed to be a good guy is fighting for the right team . 
 i heard one of the other seers say that she saw some sort of explosion and then a monster coming out of the smoke , but shortly afterward she disappeared . 
 whatever is coming is n't good . '' 
 molly released my mind as i reeled . 
 so , yea , there were more big bad guys out there . 
 fantastic . 
 could i deal with the first one on my list before another one took his place ? 
 i looked down at my half eaten cardboard , i mean pizza , and realized i could n't wait to gain any more information . 
 i had only been here for a few hours and i already knew , without a doubt , that something bad was coming . 
 we finished eating , talking about small things . 
 i asked her how her life was growing up under the corporation and she said miserable . 
 not that i had guessed it would be much fun . 
 but she told me all of the small things she had done , little rebellious acts that they had never caught on to . 
 she would only go so far and then stop . 
 she made it so they would trust her to leave the compound , but she only gave them part of the information she garnered from visions or psychic links . 
 she also told me that she and several other seers had been genetically mapped and given something to induce their visions earlier . 
 it was n't one hundred percent effective , so the corporation still had to wait for the seers to reach twenty five . 
 they were n't completely reliable until then . 
 we headed back toward the rooms and i stopped outside of my door . 
 `` um , molly , i have a weird request . 
 it is a total invasion , and i will understand if you say no , '' i said , anxiously awaiting her response . 
 `` well , spit it out . 
 do n't tiptoe around whatever it is you need to ask . 
 just ask it , '' she said . 
 `` would you let me sift your memories ? 
 just to see if there is anything you might have picked up on that you 've forgotten . 
 or any sort of information that might help us figure out who on the council is batting for team evil ? '' 
 i finished nervously . 
 `` sure , i have nothing to hide . 
 like i said , life under the corporation is boring and stressful . 
 plus , i have like zero personal things that have not already been looked through by one of the guardians . 
 so browse away . 
 just try not to fall asleep from boredom , '' she said , and she came into my room and sat down on my bed . 
 i sat next to her and grabbed her hand . 
 i cleared my mind and i started turning back her memories like pages in a book . 
 each time i did this it got easier and easier . 
 i looked through all of the years she had lived there and watched as more and more seers were brought in until it abruptly stopped with my mother . 
 she was the last seer to be brought in . 
 i wondered if she somehow protected the others . 
 i watched all of the little things molly did to get under the corporation 's skin and i watched as her mother admonished her for her rebellion . 
 all of her life played out before me . 
 i gathered very little useful information . 
 but in the end , i knew that i had gained a friend . 
 when i came to the memory of molly first seeing me , i felt her relief at the sight of me . 
 i broke contact with her , bringing myself back to the present . 
 i looked at her and said a quick thank you . 
 i always felt guilty about poking around in people 's heads . 
 `` oh stop it , you should n't feel guilty about something you were born to do , '' molly said . 
 she really seemed to be an advocate of the ` drink some water and suck it up ' campaign . 
 no fluffy placations from her . 
 `` alright , fine . 
 listen , i 'm going to try and spring us . 
 i 'm pretty sure my plan will fail miserably , because i do n't have that great of a track record so far . 
 but , if you hear a ruckus , know it is time to bounce ? 
 got it ? '' 
 i asked , hoping that she would n't hesitate to run if the time came . 
 `` well , let 's just hope this one works out better than the last . 
 with you blocking all of us , we ca n't see what will happen around you . 
 so , whatever the plan is , do n't mess it up , '' she said before getting up to leave . 
 i hugged her tightly and she sort of stood there in shock for a moment before awkwardly returning my hug . 
 `` thank you for helping me , molly . 
 in all seriousness , i thought i was on my own in here . 
 granted , with my luck , you will just go and turn me in when you leave here , '' i laughed awkwardly , really hoping she was n't a turncoat . 
 i had dealt with enough of those to last a lifetime . 
 `` nah . 
 i 'm tired of playing at rebellion . 
 i want the real thing , '' molly said while wagging her eyebrows . 
 `` well , i hope that i can make all of your dreams come true , '' i smiled as she left . 
 ********** i spent the next few days with molly . 
 she introduced me to the other seers . 
 they all seemed more hesitant to form a friendship with me , and i could n't really blame them . 
 xavier had basically told everyone to watch me . 
 i felt like a bug under a microscope . 
 anytime i tried to sift through someone 's memories , i would almost get caught . 
 i was blocked at every turn . 
 unable to get any information , i was starting to get frustrated . 
 i was dragged to countless meetings with scholars . 
 all of which had promised xavier they would be able to hack into my wards . 
 so far , none of them had had any luck . 
 i could tell that xavier was becoming increasingly more agitated with me as the days passed , and i knew that if i was going to survive i needed to act soon . 
 with the lack of information and his rage , waiting was n't worth it anymore . 
 ********** twenty four that night when i lay down to sleep , i lifted the ward from my dreaming . 
 i knew it was risky , and i knew there was a very real chance i would be caught . 
 i had to find kennan though . 
 as soon as i closed my eyes he was there . 
 ********** `` izzy , please tell me you 're safe , '' kennan said , looking exhausted and drawn . 
 `` safe is a relative term at this point . 
 i 'm not dead or hurt , so that is something . 
 but he caught me . 
 i was stupid , i know , but we do n't have time for that now . 
 if they catch me here they will know i lied . 
 so let me get this out quickly . 
 he has me in chicago , you remember the building he worked out of in the loop ? 
 i do n't know what floor though , sorry . 
 there is something more . 
 he is planning something big and he has the backing of some of the council . 
 i do n't know when , but there was talk about big explosions and monsters . '' 
 i breathed a sigh of relief at unloading everything i had wanted to say . 
 `` i am coming for you , do you hear me . 
 do n't do anything reckless between now and then . 
 no more trying to save me izzy , that is n't your job . 
 i 'll find you , and i 'll kill the bastard once and for all , '' kennan said with rage pouring off of him in crimson waves . 
 `` how touching dear brother . 
 i thought you did n't care , '' xavier said from behind kennan . 
 i stood stock still and knew that i was too late . 
 i might have warned kennan , but i had also let xavier in . 
 i looked at kennan with wide eyes , and i could read the same terror reflected back . 
 i ran . 
 i tried to jump back from the dreaming and i opened my eyes . 
 ********** standing over my bed was xavier and a couple of his goons . 
 before i could even mutter the words of the ward to put it back in place , i was strapped to a board . 
 i tried to scream , but i had tape wrapped over my mouth . 
 i knew then exactly where they were taking me . 
 i was getting hooked up . 
 to what end i did n't know , but whatever it was it would not be good . 
 `` i asked so nicely for you to behave and cooperate , but then you go and betray me , '' xavier said as though i were just a petulant child being sent to a time out . 
 i looked at him with my eyes full of anger and loss . 
 i would never get to tell kennan i loved him . 
 i would never get to help molly . 
 i would never even get to shove a sharp object into the side of xavier 's throat . 
 `` now , we 're going to play a little game . 
 i 'm going to put you back into the dreaming and we 're going to have some fun . 
 perhaps after you 've been there for a while you will rethink the whole ` not taking your wards down ' thing . '' 
 xavier pulled me into the room with the five other women . 
 i was transferred to one of the medical tables and they strapped some sort of contraption around my head . 
 i was frantic . 
 my breathing became erratic and i knew i was on the verge of a total mental collapse . 
 the fear of the unknown shredded any courage i had left . 
 someone to my left flicked a needle before sticking it into my arm . 
 i started to go fuzzy around the edges and then the darkness enveloped me . 
 only it was n't the darkness at all . 
 somehow they had induced the dreaming and what i was left in was a nightmare . 
 ********** i looked around me , hoping to find some way out , but knowing that i was trapped . 
 suddenly , from every direction the ground turned into a churning blackness . 
 the waves of darkness undulated in a rhythmic procession toward me . 
 there was no escape . 
 as the wave drew closer , i saw that it was thousands upon thousands of insects . 
 if i did n't move they would overtake me and shred every piece of meat from my bones . 
 i screamed out , hoping the pitch of my voice might deter them . 
 in a matter of seconds , i was swallowed up . 
 their spiny legs poking me as their pincers searched for a tender spot to pierce . 
 they struck time after time . 
 pain radiated throughout my body . 
 i was petrified and i knew that i must be dying . 
 suddenly it all stopped . 
 ********** `` did you like that one ? '' 
 xavier asked . 
 `` i have ever so many more . 
 your mother did n't like that one at all either . '' 
 i screamed out . 
 i knew that this torture would continue until i caved or i died of heart failure . 
 i could hold out for the latter . 
 i would hold out for it . 
 i would n't let this man win . 
 he might have me in the dreaming , stuck in some mad man 's induced nightmare , but i would n't cave . 
 ********** suddenly , i was drowning deep in the ocean . 
 i swam upward , and time after time the air was torn from my grasp . 
 i frantically swam , and as soon as the surface would come into reach , i was shoved deeper into the water . 
 it continued until i thought my lungs might physically explode . 
 ********** i was in a house and flames erupted around me . 
 i looked for a safe escape but could n't find one . 
 instead the flames sought me out . 
 i tried to run , only to be stopped by another wall of raging inferno . 
 i stood still , knowing that there would be no escape and praying that this would be the one that would end me . 
 i felt the flames melt away my skin and deaden my nerves so that i could no longer feel the raging pain . 
 i embraced the fire and let it eat away at my sadness . 
 i let it consume me and fill me with the burning rage i had carried earlier . 
 i let it kill the girl that had wanted to die only seconds ago . 
 ********** as soon as i embraced the fire it was extinguished . 
 i was now in the woods , in the dark . 
 there were hungry sounding animals close on my trail . 
 i ran blindly through the thick underbrush , not knowing what direction i was heading . 
 my heart pounded in my throat as i ran and ran and ran . 
 i felt a pull at my ankle as a wolf bit down hard . 
 i lost my footing and tumbled over . 
 as one , the pack of wolves moved in on me , seeking out their choice morsel . 
 i felt them gnaw and gnash into me , as if to tear me in a thousand directions . 
 my body came apart and i once again let the rage consume me . 
 ********** `` are you ready to talk yet pet ? '' 
 xavier asked . 
 i looked up defiantly and flipped him the bird . 
 i would make him run out of nightmare scenarios . 
 i could survive them all . 
 no matter how graphic or horrifying , i would n't let this man win . 
 i would n't cave , and i would n't die . 
 either way he would have won . 
 so instead , i resolved myself to live on and defy him in this small way . 
 ********** next it was a torture room in which all of my fingers were cut off . 
 this one made me think he had seen one too many `` saw '' movies . 
 all of which i had avoided because , just yuck . 
 i did n't spend long in there . 
 i think he could tell i was n't impressed . 
 ********** scene after scene passed before me . 
 there was a plane crash , a car wreck , a fall from the top of a building . 
 my body was abused , burned , cut , limbs were severed . 
 every nightmare was brought into fruition . 
 i did n't know how much time passed while i was there . 
 i could n't tell if this was moving at real time or if it was moving at the pace of a regular dream . 
 each new nightmare brought on a new horror until finally he brought one that even i could not refute , not even in the dreaming . 
 he took me and locked me in a coffin . 
 i laid there as the air slowly started to seep out of the box leaving me without any oxygen . 
 i fought against the box and struggled . 
 i knew that he would leave me like this . 
 i knew that if i did n't lift my wards , i would spend the rest of my life in this tiny lightless box . 
 i tried to breathe but ultimately i think i blacked out . 
 i did n't even know that was possible in the dreaming , but i guess the mind could only take so much . 
 when i awoke i was still in the small box and i tried to even my breathing . 
 it was just a closed space . 
 it was n't even a real closed space . 
 i tried to convince myself , but my mind would n't allow it . 
 my breathing started to speed up again when i heard a voice . 
 ********** `` izzy , izzy , you have to wake up . 
 your guy is here , but there is something happening . 
 you have to wake up . 
 fight it , they came for you , now make it worth them coming . 
 it is n't real . 
 you can control it as much as he can . 
 fight it ! '' 
 i heard molly yell before she was ripped from the dreaming . 
 i struggled and started to feel the dreaming around me . 
 i realized with my ward down i could shape it as easily as i always could . 
 i took a breath and calmed my mind . 
 i had to get out . 
 with the image of kennan driving me , i imagined the coffin opening . 
 the lid crashed open . 
 i shot out of the coffin and raged against whatever was keeping me in the dreaming . 
 i ripped at it until i was finally brought back to the surface and i awoke to find a whole new horror . 
 ********** twenty five i turned my head to see xavier standing over kennan 's prone form . 
 i wondered if i was still in the dreaming . 
 there was no way he would have taken him down so easily . 
 i scanned kennan 's body for any sign of blood but did n't see any . 
 i turned my focus back to xavier , only find he had been waiting for me to awaken . 
 in his hand was a gun pointed straight at kennan . 
 before i could even scream , xavier smiled in my direction and pulled the trigger . 
 it hit kennan in the throat and then he fired again hitting him in the chest . 
 there was so much blood . 
 i was drowned in it , a whole new horror replacing all of the nightmares that xavier had induced . 
 he had just brought them to reality and i was overtaken by a haze of red . 
 i was numb to the pain . 
 no longer could i hurt , he had just taken away the one person that was my entire world . 
 i pulled the mechanism from my head slowly , ripping the tubes from my arms in the process . 
 i sat up on the bench as xavier approached me . 
 i reached behind me discreetly to grab a scalpel from the table . 
 i waited for him to get as close as he was going to . 
 `` so are you finally ready to submit ? '' 
 he asked , bending over me . 
 with the numbness pulsing through my veins and the rage of a lifetime of loss fueling me , i lashed out . 
 i drew the scalpel across his jugular with an accuracy borne of countless hours of training with ian . 
 i severed his artery and as he fell to his knees in surprise , i pushed him over . 
 i hopped down from the table in the hospital gown and i straddled him . 
 i made sure he was looking at me as his life blood flowed from him . 
 `` never , '' i said as i plunged the scalpel straight into his heart , ending his long life . 
 i sat that way , paralyzed for i do n't know how long . 
 i felt as though my whole world had been stolen . 
 suddenly , being trapped in a coffin did n't seem like such a bad thing . 
 i looked down at my hands covered in blood and tried to wipe them off on my gown violently . 
 no matter how hard i wiped it would n't come off . 
 i started to become frantic and realized i was still sitting atop xavier 's body . 
 i jumped up and away , staring in abject horror towards kennan 's lifeless body . 
 i stood there , unsure of what i was supposed to do now . 
 how was i supposed to save anyone if i could n't even save the one person i loved ? 
 my world felt like it was falling apart and all i could do was stand there dumbly . 
 `` izzy ? 
 izzy , are you alright ? '' 
 i heard someone ask softly from behind me . 
 i turned to find ian staring at me like i would attack him at any moment . 
 he had his hands in the surrender position as he approached me slowly . 
 i looked into his eyes and wanted so badly to scream out or to cry . 
 any sort of emotion that could convey the emptiness i now felt . 
 finally , i pointed towards kennan 's prone body . 
 `` shit , '' ian shouted before rushing over toward him . 
 he was followed by several other tall men that i could only assume were guardians . 
 everything felt as though it was moving in slow motion . 
 it was almost as if we were all suspended in some sort of viscous fluid . 
 ian knelt down by kennan and assessed his wounds while i stood , rooted , unable to move . 
 i felt someone come up beside me and put their arm around me . 
 i looked over to find molly looking at me with tears streaming down her face . 
 `` i need medical in here now . 
 he 's still alive , but barely , '' ian shouted orders to anyone who would listen while trying to treat kennan 's wounds . 
 the floor suddenly rushed out from under me and i landed on my knees . 
 the air came back into my lungs with a rush . 
 kennan was n't dead . 
 he was still alive . 
 even if it were just barely , he was alive . 
 i crawled toward his body , leaving molly in my wake . 
 my only concern was to get to kennan , to tell him i loved him before he left . 
 he had to know . 
 i got about five feet from him when the medical team rushed in and moved everyone to the side . 
 `` no , '' i said , barely a whisper . 
 `` what is it izzy ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 molly asked , concern lacing her voice . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 i shouted as i shoved my way toward his body . 
 i would be damned if i did n't get this out . 
 i knew that it might be my last chance to ever tell him the truth . 
 after all i had been through , i would n't take this moment for granted . 
 `` guys , give her a second , '' i heard ian plead . 
 `` better make it fast , little bit . 
 we need to move him . '' 
 i nodded before kneeling down by kennan 's head . 
 i brushed my fingers through his hair as i took a deep breath . 
 there was so much blood . 
 i knew i had to be fast . 
 i bent down to where my lips brushed his ear . 
 `` damn you , kennan o’malley . 
 do n't you dare die . 
 do you hear me ? 
 i love you . 
 more than anyone i have ever loved , and if you leave me now , i 'll never forgive you . 
 so you fight , damn it , and you live . 
 you live , because without you i 'm lost . 
 so please , if you ever felt anything for me at all , fight . 
 fight and live , '' i pleaded quietly in his ear . 
 the tears that had refused to fall earlier started coming in great heaves . 
 my throat felt as though it were closing in on itself . 
 i could n't seem to get enough air between sobs . 
 strong arms wrapped around me , lifting me up like i was a small child . 
 i looked up to see ian 's face . 
 `` i 've got you . 
 do n't worry , we will take care of him , izzy . 
 but we need to get you taken care of as well . '' 
 he looked down at me with a seriousness i only saw during our training . 
 i just sobbed into his chest and clung to him like he was a life raft . 
 `` wait , '' i said , suddenly realizing i had more to worry about than just myself . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 ian asked confused . 
 `` what about all of the others ? 
 we have to help them , '' i hiccupped between cries . 
 `` we 've got it now . 
 the council has sent reinforcements . 
 everyone is going to get checked out and then brought back to headquarters for debriefing . 
 let 's worry about you for once , yeah ? '' 
 ian asked with a smirk . 
 ********** the ride to the council headquarters passed quickly . 
 i felt wrung out . 
 i had cried for a good long while before i had no tears left to cry . 
 i knew it was over . 
 i had killed xavier . 
 all of the people he had kept against their will would be free now . 
 but there was something nagging in the back of my mind . 
 something i could n't remember . 
 i decided to let it go for the moment . 
 i had neither the energy nor the inclination to think on it at present . 
 ********** twenty six we arrived at the council about an hour later . 
 i was lifted out of the car by an uncharacteristically quiet ian . 
 he wrapped his coat around my shoulders and i realized i was still barefoot and in the hospital gown . 
 i was grateful that he had the forethought to keep me from flashing everyone my underpants . 
 i looked up at him and saw that he was warring with saying something . 
 `` just say it . 
 whatever it is just spit it out , ian , '' i croaked . 
 my voice had gotten hoarse with misuse , and the sobbing had done nothing to help . 
 `` there is a very real chance kennan might not make it , izzy . 
 i need you to prepare yourself for that , '' ian said reluctantly . 
 i knew he did n't say it to hurt me , but it did little to lessen the sting of his words . 
 `` i already lost him once today , ian . 
 can we please just hope for the best right now ? 
 i need to believe in something good again . 
 so please , just please , '' i pleaded as my eyes once again filled with tears . 
 suddenly , molly was at my side , punching ian in his arm . 
 `` way to go , jackass . 
 do you have any idea what this girl has been through in the past few days ? 
 jesus , it is like you have no brain up there , '' molly berated ian . 
 i looked at ian and saw his jaw drop . 
 i gave him a questioning look to which he indiscernibly shook his head . 
 i would ask him later . 
 right now , i really wanted a shower , some clothes that were n't caked in blood , and to be as close to kennan as they would allow . 
 molly gripped my hand and i could tell she was shivering . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i asked her as quietly as possible . 
 `` i 'm just nervous . 
 what if they are just as bad as xavier and we get trapped again ? 
 remember what i told you , some of these guys are n't really the good guys , '' she said with a look of trepidation in her eyes . 
 well , there it was . 
 the thing that had been nagging at my brain since we left the lab was now staring me right in the face . 
 cheese on a cracker , would this never end ? 
 i sighed and looped my arm through molly 's . 
 `` there are more good than bad here . 
 at least i hope so . 
 and if not , well we will just escape again . 
 deal ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i tried to sound convincing , but all of my senses seemed to be dulled . 
 `` deal , '' molly nodded and i saw the stubborn gleam return to her eye . 
 we were escorted into the main lobby of what looked like an old southern plantation . 
 ian approached us hesitantly . 
 `` izzy , i need you to come with me . 
 i need you to get evaluated to make sure you 're okay . 
 if you would like to come with her you can . 
 you 'll need an evaluation as well . 
 i 'm sorry , what is your name ? '' 
 ian asked . 
 `` molly . 
 my name is molly . 
 for the love of god what are you wearing , man ? '' 
 molly exclaimed , appalled at ian 's outfit . 
 i had n't even noticed until now that he was wearing what amounted to a ninja suit . 
 i just shook my head . 
 nothing after the richard simmon 's outfit would ever shock me again . 
 `` you get used to it . 
 this is practically tame , '' i sighed . 
 `` where do we go ? 
 because i can tell you right now i 'm in no mood to be poked and prodded . 
 i need to see kennan . '' 
 i looked at ian trying to convey the importance of my words . 
 `` we have to make sure you 're okay first . 
 we do n't know what he did to you and we need to make sure you are n't in any danger , '' ian said , trying to calm me before my temper was triggered . 
 `` i was tortured in the dreaming . 
 that 's what he did . 
 so can we get this over with so that i can be with kennan ? 
 standing here yapping is not accomplishing anything , '' i said , suddenly exhausted . 
 `` tortured , izzy , what did he do ? '' 
 ian asked as rage filled his voice . 
 molly stepped toward ian and placed her tiny hand on his chest . 
 `` not now . 
 she needs to see him to know that he is okay , '' molly said with a pointed look . 
 ian looked down at her hand on his chest and sighed . 
 he nodded before moving off down a hallway . 
 when we got to the second door , he knocked and someone yelled enter from the other side . 
 we walked into a room that was set up like a doctor 's office would be . 
 sitting at the desk was a woman in her mid-fifties with slightly graying hair . 
 she looked up at me with kind eyes and then looked over to molly . 
 `` well then , shall we get you two checked out ? 
 i hear you both have been through quite the ordeal , '' she said calmly approaching me . 
 she looked me over and i felt the need to say something . 
 `` it is n't mine , '' i said . 
 `` what is n't yours dear ? '' 
 she asked with an air of confusion . 
 `` the blood , none of it is mine . 
 so if we could just do the basic exam so that i can get cleaned up and see to kennan , i would really appreciate it , '' i sighed . 
 the doctor eyed me steadily and seemed to come to some sort of conclusion . 
 she headed over to a cabinet and pulled out a generic set of gray sweats and brought them back to where i stood . 
 `` there is a bathroom just through there with everything you will need . 
 go get cleaned up and then we will get you out of here as quickly as possible . 
 but you will have to come back for a more thorough exam , '' she announced sternly . 
 i nodded before heading into the bathroom with my borrowed clothes . 
 as i shut the door , i heard her turn toward molly and tell her to hop up on the table . 
 i stepped into the shower and watched the water run red around my feet . 
 i stood there motionless as all of the horror washed itself from my hair and skin . 
 when the water finally cleared , i ran soap all over my body , trying to scrub the memories from my skin 's surface and failing . 
 i knelt on the floor of the shower , suddenly overcome by everything that had happened in the last few days . 
 the memories of the dreaming haunted me . 
 the look on xavier 's face as i took his life was burned into my retinas . 
 it was as though i could n't escape what had happened . 
 i shook myself and stood up . 
 i had to be strong . 
 kennan would be strong for me . 
 i did n't know what had happened to put him on that floor in the first place , but i intended to find out . 
 i had to keep my junk together . 
 i could fall apart later . 
 as i got out of the shower and got dressed , i sent up a quick plea that god would protect kennan and help him through this . 
 i would get this exam over with , and then i would go and find my guy and not leave his side until he woke up again . 
 i headed back out into the exam room and found the doctor finishing up molly 's exam . 
 `` you can communicate through thought ? 
 that is remarkable . 
 we have only seen two other seers with that capability in the last hundred years , '' she marveled . 
 `` yeah , and it was her ability that saved my butt , '' i said , realizing molly was never in the dreaming , but had jacked into my head to communicate with me back at the lab . 
 `` whatever , you would have figured it out . 
 i just gave you a little nudge , '' molly said . 
 `` so , am i all done now doc ? 
 because i am starving . '' 
 `` yes , you 're all finished . 
 it 's your turn , izzy , '' the doc said , patting the table after molly had evacuated it . 
 might as well get it over with , i thought . 
 i hopped up keeping a wary eye on the table of instruments . 
 i 'd had enough of being a lab rat . 
 i had no idea who this woman really was . 
 for all i knew she could be one of the bad guys . 
 i had been burned by mike , and i refused to be that naïve again . 
 `` alright , but make it quick . 
 i have somewhere to be , '' i said , looking around the room to find that molly and ian were gone . 
 `` i just need to give you a basic exam to look for injuries . 
 we can do the mental tests later on . 
 also , you should know that they might ask you to meet with someone to discuss what happened to you . 
 you can refuse , obviously , but i would like it if you talked to someone at least once . 
 sometimes it can be good to clear the air , '' she said as she looked me over . 
 `` i do n't think talking it out will really help , '' i said and wondered when i had gotten so jaded . 
 about ten minutes later she announced my exam was complete . 
 `` you 're all done , izzy . 
 physically , you just have a few bruises where it looks like you struggled . 
 mentally , i 'm concerned , but it can wait . 
 i 'll take you to where they have kennan . 
 he 's in the surgical unit down the hall , '' she said , putting away all of her instruments . 
 i nodded and got up from the table . 
 we headed down the hall toward the aforementioned surgical unit . 
 a great sense of foreboding filled my being with each step . 
 i had n't truly allowed myself to think of him dying since i found out he was still alive . 
 now , it hit me like a train . 
 i stopped and braced myself against the wall suddenly short of breath . 
 the doctor rushed over to me . 
 `` someone find ian , '' she shouted as she tried to look me over . 
 quicker than i thought possible , ian was there , with molly close behind . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 ian asked with an air of accusation . 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 we were just walking down the hall and she almost collapsed , '' she said confused . 
 `` izzy , what is it ? '' 
 molly asked softly . 
 `` what if he dies ? '' 
 i said as tears filled my eyes . 
 `` what will i do ? '' 
 `` he 's already out of surgery , izzy . 
 he 's stable and they expect a full recovery . 
 he is going to be fine . 
 the bullet in his neck missed his artery . 
 the one in his chest missed his heart by an inch . 
 he was lucky . 
 they went in and patched everything up . 
 they started on the ride over here . 
 he 'll have some wicked scars and will take a while to heal , but he 's going to be fine , '' ian promised as he wrapped his arms around me in an embrace . 
 i hit him on his chest as hard as i could . 
 `` why did n't you come find me to tell me , moron ? '' 
 `` sorry , i was a bit distracted , '' ian said sheepishly . 
 `` ugh , can we just take the girl to see her man already ? 
 i think she has been through enough lately without the added drama , '' molly said , rolling her eyes and pulling me down the hall in her wake . 
 for someone so small , she could sure be pushy . 
 moments later we arrived at a door labeled `` surgical recovery . '' 
 i braced myself for what i was about to see . 
 i steeled my nerves and swallowed down my uneasiness . 
 i could be strong for kennan . 
 he had been for me . 
 it was time i was there for him . 
 we walked in to find kennan lying on a bed slightly inclined . 
 i walked over to his still body . 
 i lowered myself into the chair next to his bed and sighed as i watched his chest rise and fall evenly . 
 tears began slowly falling down my cheeks . 
 `` he really is okay , '' i whispered , part question and part affirmation . 
 `` yes , he really is okay , pip squeak . 
 they said he might wake up soon if you want to stick around , '' ian said smoothly . 
 like i would go anywhere else , honestly , did he even know me ? 
 `` i think we should leave izzy alone for a bit , '' molly said as she pulled on ian and the doctor trying to get them out of the room . 
 i felt sorry for ian suddenly . 
 i suspected he had finally found his seer in molly . 
 i was n't sure , but if it was true , he was going to have his hands full . 
 i did n't think she had realized what had happened yet . 
 i was pretty sure she had n't bargained on her guardian being an oversized fashion victim . 
 i looked back at the bed and took comfort in kennan 's presence . 
 it was n't until i 'd almost lost him that i knew how much i needed him . 
 scooting my chair as close as i could get it to his bed , i sat and wrapped my hand in his . 
 the time passed quickly as i watched his chest rise and fall steadily . 
 a doctor entered the room , pulling my attention away from kennan . 
 i looked at him skeptically . 
 i did n't trust this man . 
 i did n't know who he was . 
 he was no guardian , that was for sure . 
 he was a normal height of about five foot ten with sandy brown hair and kind brown eyes . 
 i looked him over , trying to decide whether he was a threat or not . 
 as i assessed the room for any viable weapons , he slowly approached the bed . 
 `` i 'm doctor thomas , you must be izzy ? '' 
 he said , sticking out his hand to shake my own . 
 i eyed his hand but refused to relinquish my hold on kennan . 
 he dropped his hand back down to his side and trudged on as though nothing had transpired . 
 `` how do you know who i am and what is it you are about to do to him ? '' 
 i asked accusingly . 
 seriously , would i never trust anyone again ? 
 `` i know your name , because he kept trying to say it in recovery . 
 i also know because you and your friends have been all of the talk since you arrived . 
 as to what i 'm doing to him , i 'm just coming in to check his vitals . 
 i wo n't even touch him if you do n't want me to , '' doctor thomas said calmly . 
 the man had impeccable bedside manner . 
 in the span of a few seconds , he had calmed my nerves . 
 we both knew if he tried anything i would n't hesitate to hurt him . 
 so , i relinquished control as much as i could . 
 `` no , do your job . 
 i wo n't interfere . 
 if you do anything to hurt him ... '' i trailed off looking back down at kennan 's still form . 
 `` no worries , i just want to make sure the sedation is wearing off and he is n't in too much pain . 
 i 'm also going to check his heart . 
 the bullet came too close . 
 we want to make sure we did n't miss anything in surgery . '' 
 he continued in that way of telling me everything he was about to do before doing it . 
 i appreciated the gesture and i could see in his eyes that he felt sorry for me . 
 i did n't know whether to be offended by the pity or happy that it was n't fear there instead . 
 i did n't want people to look at me with fear in their eyes , but pity was n't too much further up the scale of suckage . 
 `` do you need anything ? 
 i can bring you some blankets and food if you would like ? '' 
 he offered as he finished up . 
 `` um , could you have ian bring my food for me and a blanket would be lovely , '' i said , hoping not to sound too paranoid . 
 i was n't sure whom i could trust here , and i counted on that paranoia to keep me breathing . 
 i just hoped that trusting him with the blanket did n't leave me with a case of small pox . 
 what did i know of the nefarious plans of evil masterminds ? 
 he left with a bewildered expression on his face . 
 i was sure he was going to go tell someone to come put me in a straightjacket , but i was n't sure i was capable of caring at this point . 
 as long as they left me in here with kennan , they could do anything . 
 a few moments later the doctor returned with some blankets and a pair of warm socks for my bare feet . 
 he assured me that food would follow shortly . 
 ********** twenty seven soon after the doctor left , an irritated molly and a sheepish ian entered the room . 
 molly carried a tray of food in her hands that could feed two people . 
 i looked at her questioningly . 
 `` can someone please tell me why i ca n't shake this fashion victim ? 
 all i wanted was to bring some food in here and sit with you for a while . 
 everyone else here is totally unstable . 
 at least with you i know what i 'm getting into . 
 but can i come alone ? 
 noooooo , '' molly said with a look of accusation in ian 's direction . 
 i laughed . 
 i did n't feel happy , but i found a great deal of humor in her current state of obliviousness . 
 i had felt like i had been playing catch up for the past few months . 
 it was nice to finally be a step ahead of someone for a change . 
 `` so it 's true then , ian ? 
 i mean i suspected , but this is just awesome . 
 why did n't you just tell her ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i did n't think it was an appropriate time , '' ian said shortly , trying his best to avoid eye contact . 
 `` could someone please fill me in here ? 
 what am i missing ? '' 
 molly asked , irritation oozing from every word . 
 `` he belongs to you now babe , sorry , '' i said with a snicker . 
 `` what does that even mean ? '' 
 she asked , exacerbated . 
 she looked to ian accusingly and then back to me with a look as if to say , `` what the heck is going on ? '' 
 `` it means he is your guardian . 
 as in , for the rest of your life , that big fashion-challenged brute will be following you around , '' i said as a look of horror filled molly 's eyes . 
 `` but i already had guardians , what do you mean he 's mine ? 
 i do n't understand , '' molly said panicked . 
 `` they sold you some lies , blondie . 
 in our kind there is one guardian for every seer . 
 you just happened to get super lucky and get me , '' ian said with a wink . 
 `` um , no . 
 is n't there some sort of return policy ? 
 clearly this will not work , '' molly floundered as she made wild gestures between ian and herself . 
 `` afraid we do n't get to choose babe . 
 it kind of gets chosen for us , '' i said , laughing at the look in ian 's eyes . 
 he was wearing the look he wore in training . 
 he looked determined . 
 poor molly had no idea what she was in for . 
 `` ugh , can i just go back to the lab ? 
 i feel like i 've fallen through the freaking looking glass . 
 ever since you lot showed up things have gone straight to hell . 
 i 'm blaming you , '' molly said in my direction without any real heat . 
 i shrugged my shoulders and went back to watching the rise and fall of kennan 's chest . 
 ian pulled two extra chairs into the room and we sat around eating and chatting . 
 it felt weird to talk around kennan when he could n't be a part of the conversation , but it was nice to have all of the people i trusted in one place . 
 a few hours later molly started yawning and ian proclaimed it was time she got some sleep . 
 she looked at him with an arched eyebrow and he changed his proclamation to a suggestion very quickly . 
 it was going to be so much fun to watch ian beaten down by the tiny molly . 
 i just shook my head at the two of them and said good night . 
 i leaned forward and rested my head against the bed . 
 i would n't leave kennan , no matter what anyone said . 
 i do n't know how long i slept before i felt the fingers running through my hair . 
 i shot awake , pinning the hand down to the bed . 
 i tried to gain my bearings as quickly as possible . 
 i had trouble remembering where i was . 
 i looked down and saw kennan lying on the bed and he was awake . 
 i released his hand quickly . 
 `` you , you 're awake . 
 or am i still dreaming ? '' 
 i asked blearily . 
 `` no , it 's real , '' kennan croaked , barely above a whisper . 
 `` oh , do n't talk . 
 i do n't want you to hurt yourself , '' i said , brushing my fingers across his perfect lips . 
 kennan reached up and grabbed my hand , holding it in place before gently kissing my fingers . 
 he moved his hand back to my face and brushed my cheek with his thumb . 
 a gesture so familiar and safe , it brought tears to my eyes . 
 `` i love you too , izzy , '' kennan croaked out . 
 i stood frozen . 
 he 'd heard me . 
 even as his life was fading away , he had heard me . 
 i looked down at his face and i needed to know what kind of love . 
 if it were just familial love , then i was in big trouble . 
 `` um , just one word answers okay ? 
 i do n't want you to strain , but i need to know . 
 do you love me like a sister ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no , '' kennan said , waiting for my next question . 
 `` like a niece ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no , '' he said , staring at me in a way that sent shivers down my spine . 
 i steeled myself for the next question afraid of what his answer might be . 
 i felt brazen even to ask it . 
 i took a deep breath and prepared myself for rejection , knowing that it would make no difference . 
 i would n't be able to leave kennan even if i tried . 
 `` romantically ? '' 
 i asked , looking down at my shoes , wishing i could melt into the floor . 
 he tilted my chin back up to where i was forced to look at him . 
 `` yes , gods help me . 
 i have since the first night you walked into the pub , '' he said wincing at the end . 
 i knew he was in pain so i once again brushed my fingers over his lips and then thought of a better way to keep him quiet . 
 i bent over the bed and gently brushed lips over his . 
 every fantasy i had conjured about this moment paled in comparison to the reality . 
 his lips were hard and soft simultaneously . 
 nothing could have prepared me for my reaction to him . 
 heat pooled in the pit of my stomach . 
 i started to pull away for fear of hurting him , when suddenly he pulled me closer and kissed me fervently . 
 his fingers entwined in my hair preventing any escape . 
 like i would go anywhere , honestly . 
 this single moment was worth all of the hell of the past few weeks . 
 suddenly , doctors came rushing into to the room and we stopped . 
 we looked up surprised and the doctors tried to look anywhere but at us . 
 doctor thomas was the first one to speak . 
 `` his heart beat became elevated . 
 we grew concerned . 
 now we see there is nothing to worry about . 
 however , might i suggest taking it easy ? 
 you need to heal and you ca n't do that if you are straining yourself . 
 so no more talking or violent kissing tonight , am i understood ? '' 
 he looked at us pointedly as though we were two teenagers caught doing nefarious deeds in the dark of a basement . 
 i blushed crimson and tried to hide my face in kennan as the doctors left the room . 
 he chuckled at my embarrassment . 
 i had so much i wanted to ask him , but i knew i should let him rest . 
 he looked at me and then around the room . 
 kennan 's eyes came to rest on a tablet of paper on one of the tables . 
 i walked over and grabbed it and found a pen as kennan elevated his bed a little more . 
 `` are you sure you are up for this ? '' 
 i asked , not wanting him to strain himself further than he already had . 
 he grabbed the pen and paper from me and wrote , `` yep . '' 
 alright then , i guess i could get an answer to the question that had been nagging me since i was pulled out of the dreaming . 
 i needed to know how he had gotten on the floor and why he did not fight more . 
 `` you were on the floor when i woke up , '' i said , hoping that he would understand the question i was too afraid to ask . 
 he nodded and then set about writing . 
 it took several minutes before he handed me the tablet to read . 
 `` we tried to find you in the building . 
 the teams had to split up to cover more ground . 
 after what seemed an eternity in hell , i finally found the floor you were on . 
 i got there before the rest of the guys . 
 when i found you i started into the room only to hear a voice behind me . 
 it was my brother . 
 he said , ` well is n't this quite the family reunion . 
 too bad she 's mine now . 
 you should have killed me when you had the chance . ' 
 before i could do anything he had taken his gun and pistol whipped me across the head and knocked me out . 
 the last thing i remember thinking was that he was right . 
 i should have killed him . '' 
 kennan 's words terrified me . 
 i looked up and saw that he was brushing his hand across a bruise that had taken up residence just over his temple . 
 i reached up and replaced his hand with mine , gently brushing over the bruise . 
 i let my hands roam over his face . 
 i could n't get enough of touching him . 
 his blue eyes twinkled at me with bemusement , and i once again began to blush . 
 i felt self-conscious around him now . 
 every part of my being was hyper-aware of him and there was no way to tone it down . 
 if i was being honest with myself , i did n't want to tone it down . 
 `` what are you thinking right now , red ? '' 
 he croaked out . 
 he looked at me in a way that sent fire straight down into my stomach and made all of my being stand to attention . 
 `` i 'm wondering how long it will take you to get better . 
 i would really like to kiss you thoroughly . 
 if i 'm being honest , i have been thinking about it for quite a long time , '' i said smiling down at him with what i hoped was a coy expression . 
 for all i knew i looked like i was having an epileptic fit . 
 kennan reached for the notepad and started scribbling on it again . 
 he wrote hurriedly and handed it back to me with a look of apprehension on his face . 
 i was suddenly afraid of what he might say . 
 i looked down and started to read . 
 `` izzy , i 'm sorry it took me so long to come around . 
 i 've been in love with you since the first moment you walked into the pub over two years ago . 
 i just feel like i am somehow betraying your father if i 'm with you . 
 i have had a really hard time wrapping my head around your being his daughter . 
 i ca n't fight it anymore . 
 i do n't think i could even if i wanted to . 
 the minute i thought i lost you , i was lost . 
 it still feels wrong , but there is nothing i can do about the way i feel . '' 
 i finished reading his words with tears in my eyes . 
 `` hear me when i say this , kennan o’malley . 
 i know how much my father loved my mother . 
 he was not stupid . 
 he had to have known that the same thing might happen with us . 
 my mom sort of told me that was part of the reason they thought it was best you left . 
 i think he knew it was a possibility . 
 so just please stop fighting it , because i really ca n't anymore . 
 i do n't have the strength to , '' i said on a sigh , hoping that his guilt could be put to rest . 
 he just looked at me and smiled . 
 all of the guilt seemed to melt away in his eyes and he motioned for me to climb up on the bed with him . 
 i climbed up beside him and pulled the blankets around us . 
 luckily the hospital beds here were almost queen sized . 
 although , with kennan , it still did n't leave me much room . 
 i basked in his warmth and snuggled my body as close to his as i could manage without infringing upon the duties of the medical monitors and tubes . 
 i sighed contentedly and found that i was at real peace for the first time since this whole thing had begun . 
 ********** the fog surrounded me and i heard the crunch of steps behind me . 
 i looked over my shoulder but could not find anyone . 
 i started to run without any real direction . 
 i slowed when i came to the edge of an all too familiar forest . 
 i looked behind me once more to see if i could find the person following me . 
 in place of a person i heard the howl of wolves . 
 i cried out and ran as fast as i could . 
 i did n't want to be torn to shreds again . 
 i could n't handle it . 
 i tripped over a root and fell hard on my stomach . 
 i whimpered in pain and hoped that they did n't find me again . 
 i crawled over to a tree as i spotted the first pair of oddly illuminated eyes . 
 the wolves descended and as i curled into the fetal position i remembered i could get out . 
 i tried to pull my focus to reality and started to shout in frustration as the wolves began shredding me apart . 
 ********** i was being shaken by the doctor . 
 he looked down at me with fear in his eyes , and i noticed that i had wrapped my hands around his throat and i was squeezing . 
 kennan pulled on my arms and i dropped them to my sides as i stared at the doctor in abject horror . 
 i had shot out and almost hurt this complete stranger without even realizing it . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i did n't mean , '' i said , unable to finish the sentence . 
 `` are you alright miss boone ? '' 
 the doctor asked as he rubbed his throat . 
 `` it was just a dream . '' 
 i was trying to convince myself as much as i was trying to give an explanation . 
 `` it was the wolves again , '' i added , as though they should all know what i was talking about . 
 `` will you allow me to check your vitals ? '' 
 the doctor asked with concern . 
 i started to object , but kennan gripped my arm tightly , forcing me to make eye contact with him . 
 he gave me a hard expression that brooked no opposition . 
 hidden in the depth of his eyes was barely masked concern . 
 `` yeah , but i 'm fine . 
 i 'm more worried about any damage i might have done to you or kennan , '' i said , looking back at kennan to see if i had pulled out any of his tubes inadvertently . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' kennan croaked . 
 `` you , stop talking . 
 you 're not going to recover your vocal chords if you keep pushing , '' the doctor admonished . 
 `` and you , i think it would be best if you slept elsewhere until mister o’malley fully recovers . 
 he had to push the alert button to call us in . 
 you were screaming and thrashing when we got here . 
 you might inadvertently hurt him if these dreams continue . '' 
 he set about checking my vitals , and my eyes began to fill with tears . 
 i did n't want to hurt anyone . 
 i did n't want to be the kind of person that was capable of that sort of thing . 
 i understood the concern for safety , but i was terrified to be away from him . 
 i sat there trying to numb my pain . 
 i found myself growing increasingly more and more agitated as the seconds passed . 
 xavier might be dead , but he had taken his toll on me in a way that marked my very soul . 
 the doctor finished checking my vitals and informed me that i needed to go to the living quarters for the rest of the evening . 
 he gave me time to tell kennan goodbye , but waited just outside the door . 
 i looked back over to kennan and felt an immense sense of guilt . 
 i selfishly wanted to stay with him . 
 i could n't risk it though . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said before brushing my lips across his and rising to leave . 
 he grabbed my hand and pulled me back to him . 
 `` we will get better . '' 
 he whispered his declaration and i hoped against all hope that he was right . 
 the doctor led me to the second floor . 
 along the way several people stopped and looked at me . 
 some seemed curious . 
 most seemed afraid . 
 the doctor located the room he had been looking for after a second look at his clipboard . 
 he knocked on the door and molly opened it moments later . 
 `` miss boone will be joining you . 
 you should be aware that she has dreams from which she can not wake , and may have violent outbursts as a result . 
 if you feel unsafe with her we can make other arrangements , '' the doctor said clinically . 
 i suddenly felt very tired . 
 i looked up at molly and hoped that she would n't turn me away . 
 i was bereft and i had a feeling it would be a long road before i ever felt like myself again . 
 `` oh , shove it white coat . 
 and you stop looking so sad and get in here , '' molly said grabbing my hand . 
 she pulled me into the room , practically slamming the door in the doctor 's face . 
 `` thanks , but he 's right . 
 i almost choked him back in kennan 's room . 
 it might not be safe , '' i said , afraid i would find the same fear in molly 's eyes . 
 `` yeah , like i ca n't just jump in your head and yell at you . 
 come on , we 're fine . 
 plus , it is ridiculously boring in here on my own , '' molly said , pulling me further into the room . 
 we spent the rest of the night talking . 
 i told her all that had transpired between kennan and me . 
 it was nice to have a girl to talk about all of my mushy feelings with . 
 it was also nice to escape the darkness that seemed to be lingering around my periphery . 
 i could n't shake it . 
 i told her the events that had led me to being booted from the recovery room . 
 she shook her head and promised i was fine . 
 after a while we both started to yawn and we made our way to our beds . 
 the room was set up like a hotel with two full sized beds . 
 i went and laid down on the one she was n't using and stared blankly at the ceiling . 
 i felt a sense of panic wash over me . 
 i had thought that once i left the lab things would be fine . 
 but i had just had another dream . 
 what if for the rest of my life , every time i closed my eyes i would find torture ? 
 i fell into a dreamless sleep with the prayer of peace on my lips . 
 ********** twenty eight the next few weeks passed in a flurry . 
 kennan was healing rapidly and i knew that the doctors must have been using some of their special healer juju on him . 
 i went and saw him every day , spending as much time as they would allow . 
 we talked about everything that was going on outside of his recovery room . 
 every time i would leave him for the evening , he would get a look of concern in his eyes . 
 i knew it was written all over my face that i was n't doing well . 
 i had tried to hide it the first few days . 
 after a week of no sleep , there was no disguising the bluish purple tint that had taken up residence under my eyes . 
 i had dropped ten pounds and felt like i was losing myself . 
 all i could think was that i needed to be strong for kennan . 
 so i never told him that i was still being tortured every time i closed my eyes . 
 molly had tried to convince me to block myself from the dreaming , but i refused to cower . 
 i did n't want to cut myself off from such a huge part of who i was . 
 instead i went to sleep every night , and battled whatever demons were thrown my way . 
 i was n't sure if i was doing it to myself or if it was still the corporation pulling the strings . 
 i was more afraid that it was someone here at the council . 
 i took to sifting through people 's memories when they were n't expecting it . 
 it got to the point that everyone but ian , molly , and kennan avoided me . 
 they all thought i was completely insane . 
 i supposed that was n't as far from the truth as i would have liked it to be . 
 in retrospect , the forced therapy should n't have come as such a shock . 
 i was resentful , nonetheless . 
 `` so , you have to go talk to the shrink today , huh ? '' 
 kennan asked . 
 his voice had mended , but there was still a slight rattle that had n't been there before . 
 `` yep , i have to go and get my head shrunk . 
 they keep spouting terms like ptsd and survivor 's guilt . 
 i just want them to stop wasting their time . 
 i 'm not sure i 'm even fixable , '' i sighed . 
 in the last month i felt like the darkness had completely enveloped me . 
 `` i have some good news , '' kennan said as he looked down at me with a gleam in his eyes . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 i asked hopefully . 
 i was in need of something good . 
 `` i get sprung today and i instructed them to move your stuff into my room , '' he said with a hint of heat in his eyes . 
 `` are n't they worried i will shank you in your sleep or something , '' i said skeptically . 
 `` i did n't really give them another option , izzy . 
 i need you near me . 
 i need to help you fix this . 
 i see you slipping away and i have n't been able to do a damned thing sitting in this hospital bed . 
 i ca n't stand being away from you for another second . 
 in fact , i 'm coming with you to the therapy session , '' kennan said as he stood , pulling me up beside him . 
 `` i do n't know if they will let you in . 
 dr. mcquack is kind of a pretentious asshat . 
 i think he would complain that you were ruining his feng shui or some other nonsense , '' i sighed . 
 `` well , he can just suck it . 
 i 'm coming . 
 you 're my seer and i 'm finally able to perform as a guardian again . 
 so now i 'm doing my job . 
 i 'm getting you back . 
 i told you , i would come for you always . 
 even if that means saving you from yourself , red , '' kennan said , pulling me up for a quick kiss . 
 there in that kiss , i felt the last shred of goodness that had been keeping me afloat . 
 he was all that kept me from drowning . 
 i sincerely hoped that he would be able to save me from myself . 
 i gathered up my sweater and followed kennan from the room . 
 the doctors gave kennan curious looks to which he responded with a dark glower . 
 i swallowed . 
 i knew that he had no idea about the way people looked at me . 
 he was probably going to get a whole lot angrier . 
 it did n't bother me anymore . 
 i was numb to everything it seemed . 
 or perhaps i was just too tired to notice . 
 as we made our way to the shrink 's office , i felt kennan growing more and more irritated . 
 with every wayward glance in my direction , i was pulled in closer . 
 there was no discernible space left between our bodies by the time we made it to the office . 
 we arrived to find the head shrinker closing up shop . 
 `` oh , my dear , did no one tell you ? '' 
 he asked confused . 
 `` well obviously not , i 'm standing here . 
 what was i not told ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` there is a council meeting , dear thing . 
 we are to start reviewing the information found at the lab now that everyone is recovered , '' he said , sparing a look at kennan . 
 `` so ? '' 
 i asked , still unsure of what was coming . 
 `` so , we must hurry or we will be late . 
 someone really should have passed on this information , '' he mumbled as he motioned for us to follow him . 
 we ended up in an out building that was large enough to seat at least two hundred people . 
 along the front there was a long row of chairs . 
 the setup reminded me of the supreme court . 
 as soon as we entered , kennan and i were ushered to two seats down in the front . 
 we took our seats and i found a disgruntled molly sitting next to me . 
 `` when we are allowed to leave i 'm so losing him . 
 he 's driving me insane , '' she stage whispered with a heated look in ian 's direction . 
 i snickered . 
 the past month had n't been kind to poor molly . 
 she was constantly shocked by ian 's fashion choices and hated that she had zero privacy . 
 i could tell she was counting down the days until freedom . 
 little did she know , there would be no shaking him . 
 `` everyone rise for the honorable council ! '' 
 a voice shouted from the corner . 
 everyone present stood as five people walked in . 
 they varied in age and gender . 
 there were two guardians and three seers on the council , it would seem . 
 the two guardians looked to be in their early sixties as did two of the seers on the council . 
 i wondered if they were paired . 
 then there was what must have been the head honcho . 
 she walked in with a grace i had only ever dreamed of . 
 there was something about her that seemed as though she had lived a thousand years in her lifespan . 
 there was no denying her right to lead . 
 `` be seated , '' the woman said with more strength than her body seemed possible of producing . 
 `` we 're here to review the happenings of the day the lab was infiltrated . 
 these proceedings must go on uninterrupted . 
 if there are any problems , or you must leave for any reason please do so quietly . 
 some of the things we will be seeing today might be disturbing , and for that i do apologize . 
 it is , however , necessary . 
 we must have all of the information , '' she said , looking directly at me . 
 i shivered , unsure of what was to come . 
 the next few hours proved to be a lesson in patience and slow torture . 
 they had brought in a screen to play back the security footage retrieved from the lab . 
 i had to relive every horrifying moment of my time in the lab . 
 the last of the tapes was brought in , and the council leader removed herself from her chair , making her way toward me . 
 she bent over and looked me directly in the eyes . 
 i felt as though she were tearing back layers of my soul . 
 i stared back , afraid to avert my eyes or show any sort of weakness . 
 `` this next bit will not be easy for you . 
 however , you must stay . 
 you need to see the truth , '' she said pointedly before motioning for the video to be started back up . 
 she retreated back up to her seat and left me wondering why she had singled me out . 
 the moment the video started , i understood . 
 there i was on the screen screaming and fighting against xavier and his men as they dragged me to the table . 
 they hooked me up to more tubes than i could count , and all the while i thrashed against my confines . 
 i watched myself as i fought for freedom that i knew would be denied . 
 then the worst started . 
 they hooked me up to the machine and left me . 
 the time stamp passed more quickly showing my body violently thrashing . 
 i would rip the tubes from my arms only to have them replaced . 
 it was a horrifying parade of every nightmare played on my mind . 
 my body felt weary watching it all . 
 i was still suffering this same torture . 
 i knew that every night i still screamed out . 
 i knew every night i still thrashed . 
 the time stamp slowed and i saw that a week had passed . 
 so , i had been tortured for an entire week . 
 why had no one told me ? 
 i watched in horror as i saw what was about to play out . 
 i saw kennan rush in only to be knocked unconscious by xavier . 
 i saw myself pull out of the dreaming . 
 i was terrified with what i saw . 
 i looked cold and calculating , as though every ounce of good had been stripped away . 
 i wondered if i still looked that way . 
 the tears started to flow as i watched myself end xavier . 
 it all played out so quickly and then it was over . 
 i did nothing to stem the flow of tears . 
 there was no point . 
 they came of their own accord in response to things i had been repressing for far too long . 
 i watched as the time stamp skipped ahead , and i thought that i saw xavier move . 
 it could n't have been though , because i had severed his jugular . 
 i had watched him bleed out . 
 then the time stamp skipped again and the room was empty . 
 i looked back up to the council head and saw her watching me . 
 she nodded almost imperceptibly . 
 something had happened and i was n't sure what . 
 somehow the video had been altered , but i was n't sure if that meant xavier was still alive , or if someone just wanted us to think that . 
 the meeting was drawn to an end with testimonies from all of the guardians sent in to retrieve us . 
 it was exhausting and by the end all i wanted to do was fall into bed with kennan . 
 i prayed for at least one night 's sleep . 
 ********** twenty nine the meeting came to an end and we were all ushered out . 
 we were informed that there would be more council meetings to discuss the goings on at the lab , but that we would most likely not be required to attend . 
 i was n't sure i would be able to make it through another one of those meetings . 
 i was exhausted . 
 i felt like an empty shell of my former self . 
 kennan grabbed my hand and dragged me behind him out of the door . 
 he headed up to the living quarters and pulled me in his wake . 
 he did n't slow down when we reached the stairs , nor did he slow when we got to our floor . 
 he kept pulling until we were inside the room he had been assigned . 
 he closed the door behind me . 
 he stood there for a second before turning me pinning me against the wall in the process . 
 he pushed me up the wall and kissed me fiercely . 
 fire rose in my belly and brought forth the first violent emotions i 'd felt in days . 
 i surrendered to the frenzy and allowed the fire to consume me and warm the darkest parts of my soul . 
 i clung to kennan and poured all of my unspoken fears and desires into the kiss . 
 allowing my base needs to take hold , i wrapped myself around his body . 
 he pulled me away from the wall and moved me to the bed , all the while kissing me like i would fade away at any moment . 
 he lowered himself on top of me and slowed the kiss . 
 he pulled back and rested his forehead against my own . 
 he tried to calm his breathing as i tried to get myself back under control . 
 `` why did n't you tell me , izzy ? 
 is it still that bad ? '' 
 he asked with desperation . 
 `` you almost died . 
 i did n't want to add that on top of it , '' i whispered . 
 `` you did n't answer me , is it still that bad ? '' 
 he growled . 
 `` yes , '' i choked out as the tears came unbidden . 
 `` fuck , i 'm blocking you , do you understand . 
 you ca n't go through that every night , '' he said as he stood and started pacing the room . 
 `` i do n't want to be blocked . 
 i have to figure out how to stop it . 
 but , it just feels real still . 
 i do n't know if they 're just remnants of my time there or if it is still happening . 
 i ca n't be blocked off if i ever want to find out . '' 
 `` it will eventually kill you , izzy . 
 i mean look at you . 
 i 'm coming into the dreaming with you tonight . '' 
 `` you do n't want to see what happens there , '' i said , not wanting him to suffer through my own personal hell . 
 `` i 'm coming , end of conversation . 
 we are going to put an end to this . 
 i 'm getting you back , izzy . 
 do you understand me ? 
 i wo n't let them strip away your goodness until all that is left of you is an empty shell . '' 
 i choked back a sob as it threatened to escape . 
 i did n't know what i was supposed to do to fight any harder . 
 i was doing the best i could . 
 i feared kennan no longer wanted me . 
 i would n't want me . 
 he was right . 
 i was a husk of my former self . 
 he lowered himself in front of me as i sat on the edge of the bed . 
 he looked up into my eyes and i saw pain written there . 
 he hurt for me the way i hurt for him . 
 i could n't hold back the sob any longer . 
 `` i 'm just so tired kennan . 
 i 'm tired of fighting . 
 i 'm tired of being strong . 
 i tried to be strong for you . 
 i did , but i do n't think i can anymore . '' 
 `` well then , i 'll be strong enough for both of us . '' 
 his gravelly voice was like a balm to my soul . 
 he forced me to meet his eyes once more and just looked at me . 
 a thousand emotions played behind his eyes . 
 regret , fear , anger , compassion , and most of all love swirled in their depth . 
 i stared back as the tears streamed down my cheeks . 
 `` i love you . 
 no matter what happens , nothing will change that . 
 do you understand me ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` but what if i do n't get better ? 
 i do n't want you to be with someone like this . 
 i ca n't do that to you , '' i whimpered and knew that it was the truth . 
 i loved him too much to force him to stay with me as i wasted into nothing . 
 he stood up and pushed me back on the bed . 
 he lowered himself over my body effectively caging me in . 
 he looked me over assessing me . 
 i started to avert my glance , afraid that i would find repulsion in his eyes . 
 he took his hand and held my face in place , forcing me to meet his gaze once more . 
 `` i 'm here ; now , tomorrow , the next day and the rest of forever . 
 nothing , and i do mean nothing , can take me away from you . 
 i fought for too long against myself , against xavier . 
 now that i really and truly have you , there is no escape . 
 got it ? '' 
 he said as he stared at my lips . 
 `` got it , '' i whispered . 
 i licked my lips under his steady gaze which caused him to moan . 
 he lowered his weight on top of my body as his lips met my own . 
 his kiss was a slow prayer that soon built into a frenzy . 
 his lips grazed down my chin and neck and back up . 
 i wrapped my legs around his back and tried to pull myself as close to him as our clothes would allow . 
 he pulled away and looked down at me . 
 the heat burning behind his eyes caused a similar heat to pool bellow my belly . 
 he looked at me questioningly . 
 i understood what he was asking without any words and i started to pull his shirt off in an answer . 
 once it was off , i stared at his glorious torso . 
 his muscles rippled in all the right places . 
 i ran my hands down his chest and traced the scar from where he 'd been shot . 
 i set about tracing each of his tattoos with my hands , my mouth following close behind . 
 i 'd dreamed of kissing his skin a thousand times . 
 those wretched dreams paled in comparison to the reality . 
 the heat of his skin met my lips as i slowly explored his torso . 
 he growled and pushed me back down onto the bed pulling my shirt off in the process . 
 he pulled a breath in through his teeth as he took in the sight of me . 
 he landed a brief kiss to my lips before working his way down my neck , my collar bone , and finally just between my breasts . 
 the scruff from his five o’clock shadow gently scratching as he went causing bumps to rise all over my body . 
 he kissed down the rest of my torso to my hipbone , my hips raised up to meet him . 
 he took his hands and removed my pants slowly , leaving me lying in only my underwear . 
 he kissed further down as he removed my jeans . 
 i moaned and i longed for more . 
 i needed him in a way that i 'd never known i could need anything . 
 he stood and looked down at me . 
 `` are you sure this is what you want , izzy ? 
 because there is no going back , '' kennan said in a voice that almost sounded menacing . 
 `` i 've never been more sure of anything in my life , '' i said , pulling him back to the bed while unhooking his pants . 
 he pushed his jeans off , revealing all of his glorious perfection . 
 he bent over me and pulled away the last barrier between us . 
 we spent the next few hours playing out every scenario i had ever dreamed . 
 i could n't get enough of him . 
 each time i cried out he would push me farther . 
 i was sure anyone remotely close to us would be requesting a room change the next day . 
 i did n't care though . 
 i had waited far too long for kennan and now i had him . 
 we were entwined in one another . 
 my legs wrapped in and around his as i rested my head on his chest . 
 his heartbeat was a steady rhythm that soothed my weary soul . 
 i lay there , unable to speak as he ran his fingers up and down my back , memorizing the contours of my body . 
 i sighed , if i were to die today , i would die happy . 
 `` what are you thinking , izzy ? '' 
 kennan grumbled out , drowsily . 
 `` that this is perfect . 
 it was worth everything that i 've been through . 
 if i had to do it all over again , i would , '' i said , and realized it was the truth . 
 it had all brought us together and i would n't change a second of it . 
 he bent over and kissed the top of my head as he continued to trace my body making my flesh rise under his touch . 
 `` not perfect yet , but it will be , '' he said , and i was confused . 
 i wondered if i had done something wrong . 
 i looked up into his face and saw concern there . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` i just keep thinking about the way your body looked strapped to that machine . 
 i keep thinking about that night in the recovery room . 
 i was n't strong enough to help you then . 
 i hope i am now , '' he said as his brows furrowed . 
 i turned onto my stomach so that i could look at him . 
 i brushed my fingers across his furrowed brow trying to smooth it out . 
 i planted gentle kisses all along the face that i loved so much . 
 `` well , we have to sleep soon because i really am exhausted . 
 if you want to wait and try tomorrow , i will understand . 
 if it gets too bad , just go find molly . 
 she can usually break into my thoughts and pull me from the dream . '' 
 i hated putting any pressure on him . 
 `` no , we 're going to do this together . 
 so you just rest and if it happens i 'll be there , '' he said , pulling me in for a kiss before i snuggled back down . 
 ********** thirty i laid my head against kennan 's chest and let his heartbeat lull me to sleep . 
 i felt myself slip into the dreaming even as i clung to the present . 
 i could n't stop it no matter how hard i fought . 
 it always managed to drag me under . 
 ********** i was in a car dangling off of the edge of a bridge that had collapsed . 
 i knew the bridge . 
 it was a favorite of my tortures . 
 this was the very bridge i had stopped from collapsing . 
 that did n't change the fact that it was gone now . 
 water rushed violently below me and i wondered if this time i would be able to make it out of the car . 
 i unbuckled my seatbelt and started to crawl toward the back of the car . 
 i hoped that i would be able to put more weight on the back and keep it from falling . 
 as i moved the car began to slip , just like it always did . 
 i looked back down through the windshield and saw remnants of cars that had fallen before me . 
 i tried to get in the back more quickly . 
 i made it and went to open the door . 
 the doors seemed to be welded shut . 
 the only way out was blocked . 
 i was trapped and i was going to fall . 
 just as the car began to make its final slip off of the bridge , i felt a strong hand grasp my arm and pull me out . 
 as soon as my feet touched the ground the car fell from the bridge . 
 `` i 've got you , izzy . 
 you 're safe , '' kennan said as he pulled me against his chest . 
 i breathed out slowly as everything went black and i was sucked into oblivion . 
 ********** i spent the rest of the night sleeping peacefully for the first time in more than a month . 
 he had kept his word , he had come for me . 
 the next morning i woke up feeling more like myself than i had in ages . 
 i was still wrapped in kennan 's arms and i looked up to find him watching me . 
 `` thank you , '' i mumbled against the sheet . 
 `` what ? 
 i ca n't understand you with sheet in your mouth , iz . '' 
 i turned my head away from his and said it again . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 kennan asked , bemused . 
 `` i have stinky , morning breath . 
 i 'm trying not to kill you , '' i said into the pillow . 
 he pulled me so that i was looking at him and i tried to keep a sheet or something between us so that i did n't murder him with my swamp breath . 
 he just pulled me closer and gave me a firm , closed-mouth kiss . 
 `` i love you , you strange and glorious girl , '' he said into my hair as i tried to hide my face again . 
 i squirmed out of the bed and went to the bathroom to brush my teeth . 
 i looked at myself in the mirror and noticed that some of the swelling had already gone down under my eyes . 
 i also had a spark back in them that had been missing . 
 i was n't back to being one hundred percent myself yet , but i knew with kennan 's help i would be just fine . 
 i returned to the bed and threw myself on him . 
 i ravaged him thoroughly before we left for the second council meeting . 
 ********** we got to the meeting and took our seats . 
 i noticed that there were far fewer people present at this meeting . 
 i knew we did n't have to be there , but i felt like i wanted to take in everything i could . 
 i wanted to gather all of the information i possibly could so that i would be able to figure out what to do next . 
 i knew that there was something amiss . 
 i could tell from the look on kennan 's face that he felt it as well . 
 molly and ian joined us just before the meeting started . 
 `` you look better , izzy , '' molly whispered as she sat with a knowing twinkle in her eye . 
 i blushed violently as the room was called to order . 
 the meeting passed with little excitement . 
 there were interviews conducted of all of the guardians . 
 they pretty much regurgitated one another 's story . 
 it was utterly boring . 
 i had gotten absolutely no useful information from any of it . 
 as we were released , the head of the council smiled down at me . 
 `` what 's her name ? '' 
 i asked kennan . 
 `` that 's isadora , '' kennan said with a knowing look . 
 `` wait . 
 that 's what my dad wanted to name me , '' i said , looking back over my shoulder . 
 `` yeah , well she knew your family quite well . 
 she was very close to your mother . 
 she helped to put your parents into hiding , '' kennan said , barely above a whisper . 
 `` so she is definitely on team good guy then ? '' 
 i asked as we made our way back toward our room . 
 `` yeah , definitely team good guy . 
 but right now all i really want to talk about is what is hiding under those clothes , '' kennan growled causing me to giggle . 
 he chased me into the room and i squealed as he tackled me to the bed . 
 he went about having his naughty way with me . 
 not that i put up too much of a fight . 
 i quite liked it . 
 ********** we spent the next few days in and out of meetings . 
 i never gleaned any useful information from them . 
 i considered it to be an exercise in self-control . 
 i had a hard time keeping my hands off of kennan , and the meetings seemed to cool my engines enough to make me focus . 
 kennan was able to pull me out of all of my dreams and i had started to sleep well for the first time in ages . 
 it seemed like his presence was scaring off whatever was haunting my dreams . 
 by the seventh night , i did n't have any nightmares . 
 `` nightmare free , '' i said in wonder when we woke that morning . 
 `` thank the gods , '' kennan breathed . 
 `` i do n't know how you survived them as long as you did , izzy . 
 just seven nights of that was horrifying . '' 
 `` well , i had someone worth holding on for , '' i mumbled into his chest . 
 `` hey , i have a question for you . '' 
 `` well , enlighten me . 
 what would you like to ask from your very handsome , very giving guardian ? '' 
 kennan preened while i smacked him in the chest . 
 `` i wanted to know if we could give the house to molly and ian . 
 i do n't really want to go back there . 
 there are too many memories there . 
 i was thinking maybe we could relocate , '' i said hopefully . 
 it was something i 'd been thinking of for a long time . 
 `` sure , i have no particular attachment to chicago . 
 well , other than you of course . 
 the bar is doing really well , so i feel fine leaving it in marky 's capable hands . '' 
 `` wait , what ? 
 do you own that bar ? '' 
 i asked , confused . 
 `` oh , yeah , i own the bar . 
 so there is that . 
 i own a few businesses . 
 i 've been around for an exceedingly long time , izzy . 
 so , just tell me where you want to move and i will make it happen . '' 
 `` um , are you rich ? '' 
 i asked , wondering why it had n't occurred to me before . 
 `` we 're not hurting for money , '' he said as he ran his hand up and down my side . 
 `` so , you 're rich , '' i corrected . 
 `` nope , we are , '' he said not bothering to open his eyes . 
 `` what is with this ` we ' business ? '' 
 i asked , starting to get frustrated . 
 `` oh , you 're going to marry me , '' he said . 
 `` oh , i am , am i ? 
 this is news to me . 
 you 're awfully sure of yourself there buster , '' i said , glaring at him . 
 `` hmm , did you say something ? 
 i was thinking a fall wedding would be nice , '' he continued like i was not even there . 
 `` fine , but let me be absolutely clear on one thing . 
 i 'm not ready for the 2.5 kids yet and i 'm not sold on the whole picket fence thing , '' i sighed . 
 i knew fighting him would be futile and in the end , i really did n't want to . 
 he was everything i had ever wanted . 
 `` the 2.5 kids can wait and the picket fence is completely negotiable . 
 so where are we going to be raising these hellions anyway ? 
 you said you wanted to move . '' 
 `` i 'm thinking i want to go back down to l.a. '' `` i think that would be perfect . 
 i know just the town . 
 it is quiet and small and no one will bother us down there . 
 plus it is an easy drive to the beach . '' 
 `` so where are we going k.o. ? '' 
 i asked as i climbed over him to straddle his body . 
 `` we are moving you back to geneva . 
 alabama , '' he said as i began to ride him . 
 `` so , does that suit you , mrs. o’malley . '' 
 `` not mrs. o’malley yet , '' i sighed as i surrendered to his primal needs . 
 ********** we left the council headquarters , assuring molly that she and ian could have the house free and clear . 
 i promised to sign the deed over as soon as we were settled . 
 i also had to promise molly that there were two separate rooms . 
 i had a feeling she would be installing extra locks on her bedroom door . 
 we had a tearful goodbye and i knew that i would miss my friends . 
 these people had been more faithful to me than i had ever deserved . 
 just as we headed out to the car isadora approached us . 
 she pulled me into a hug , which utterly confused me . 
 this woman was as distant as they came . 
 she bent over my ear and whispered , `` they are still watching you , be careful my dear . 
 if you see anything or you have any fears you call me directly . 
 trust no one but the ones you do now . '' 
 she pulled back and placed a small piece of paper in my hand . 
 she hugged kennan next . 
 `` you guard her and keep her . '' 
 she nodded at us before quickly disappearing . 
 `` well that was odd , '' i said , not sure what to make of the whole situation . 
 `` yep , but she is like two hundred and fifty years old , so that is to be expected . 
 she sees a lot , '' kennan said . 
 `` wait , what ? 
 am i going to live to be that old ? '' 
 i asked , suddenly terrified . 
 i had n't thought to ask if we lived longer . 
 `` oh yeah , did i not mention that bit . 
 some seers have lived to be almost 300 years old , '' he said as he ducked into the car to avoid my fury . 
 `` really , really kennan ? 
 is there anything else i 'm missing out on ? 
 will i spout wings and fly soon ? '' 
 i asked as i climbed in the car . 
 `` i love you ? '' 
 he said with a smile . 
 `` just drive , '' i said , wanting to put the past few months as far behind me as possible . 
 as the council building slipped away in the rearview mirror , i knew that i was finally safe once more . 
 i had a wedding to look forward to and a really long life with kennan . 
 i wondered if i would kill him before i turned two hundred . 
 as i looked over at him i decided that three hundred years probably would n't be enough . 
 ********** epilogue the days had grown sticky and hot as the summer set in . 
 the temperatures had soared into the hundreds with the humidity hanging out at around 100 percent . 
 i loved every glorious second of it . 
 i looked around my house and knew that i was exactly where i was meant to be . 
 my time spent in that awful lab and at the council was a fading memory . 
 i looked over at kennan lying in bed and i realized how grateful i was for everything that had brought us together . 
 we 'd been here for almost six months and i still could not get enough of him . 
 `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 kennan asked . 
 `` i 'm thinking how lucky i am . 
 i sure do love you . 
 you know that right ? '' 
 `` i should hope so . 
 now get back in bed so that we can get some sleep . 
 you wore me out today , '' he said with a snicker . 
 `` whatever , cake tasting is not hard work , '' i said as i smacked his chest . 
 i climbed in the bed and curled into his body . 
 i allowed the peace and comfort to pull me into a deep sleep . 
 ********** i was in the forest again and the wolves were tracking me . 
 they could smell my fear . 
 i knew they were coming . 
 i saw xavier in the background , smiling in his maliciously cold way . 
 i tried to run from him , but every direction was blocked by the wolves . 
 i remembered the way their teeth had gnashed at me and torn my skin from my bones . 
 it was something that i would never forget . 
 i looked for an escape and saw the only way out was through xavier . 
 i tried to remember that he was not real . 
 i tried to remember that he was dead . 
 i tried to control the dreaming . 
 i heard him laugh coldly . 
 `` oh , little one . 
 you sweet naïve thing . 
 they 're coming for all of you , '' he said as the blood started to pour from his neck wound . 
 `` i was n't the only one , '' he said before fading into the fog . 
 as soon as he was gone the wolves pounced and i cried out . 
 ********** i was pulled out of my dream by my own scream . 
 i looked over to find kennan staring down at me worriedly . 
 i had so hoped for a little peace . 
 i had hoped that i could bask in my happiness with kennan , but i knew that once again , my hopes had been denied . 
 i looked at him with tear filled eyes and said , `` it is n't over . '' 
 the end michelle graves is a self-proclaimed nomad , moving every two to three years with her husband the army man , her beautiful daughter , and a fat , tailless cat named torri . 
 when she is not writing away , trying to purge her mind of yapping characters , michelle can be found entertaining her daughter , attempting to craft -lrb- and trying not to injure herself with the glue gun -rrb- , baking yummy treats , or reading . 
 she admits to having a restless spirit , and forces her family to go out on adventures whenever possible . 
 they lovingly play along . 
 if you want to find out more about michelle , be sure to check out her facebook page https://www.facebook.com/mgraveswrites or her blog http://michellegraveswrites.blogspot.com/ . 
