 lamia 's fists by d. omars smashwords edition copyright © 2014 d. omars license notes : this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this ebook with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then you should return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 ebook formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com table of contents about the world . 
 prologue : the rise and fall . 
 chapter 1 : meeting an angel chapter 2 : the return . 
 chapter 3 : forgiveness . 
 chapter 4 : fighter 's spirit . 
 chapter 5 : the first step chapter 6 : back in the ring chapter 7 : a learned joy chapter 8 : improvement . 
 chapter 9 : results chapter 10 : the worst match up chapter 11 : is it enough ? 
 chapter 12 : it all comes to this chapter 13 : searching for passion chapter 14 : let 's dance chapter 15 : mathematics chapter 16 : time for the test chapter 17 : what did i get ? 
 chapter 18 : is this good-bye ? 
 chapter 19 : the specter vs. the maniac chapter 20 : upgrade chapter 21 : a moment of rest about the world . 
 in the 1960s , the world witnessed an event that would last for years to come : the revelation that mythological creatures were more than just a myth . 
 they have existed for thousands of years , but the humans from ancient times were n't very accepting of them . 
 some humans feared the creatures ' bodies : the tails , the horns , the eyes , the wings , and the scales , anything that did n't resemble a human being . 
 other humans used them for their own agendas : warriors hunted down any creature they encountered , believing that killing one would bring them glory . 
 religious human leaders used them to preach about the humans ' gods and pointed the creatures as demons or mistakes . 
 merchants used the creatures ' body parts as merchandise that humans would buy as accessories or ingredients for their drugs or potions . 
 others turned the creatures into slaves . 
 some would work in hard labor , others would serve in the armies of empires , and others would be used for pleasure . 
 the creatures had non-human qualities , but they also had human ones . 
 not everyone was against the creatures . 
 some humans took pity of the creatures and gave them refuge against discrimination . 
 others believed that the creatures were people , living beings with a consciousness . 
 others believed that all life deserved to live free among the humans . 
 others believed the creatures to be celestial beings from the heavens , a blessing to the world . 
 others simply believed that it was the right thing to do . 
 after all , once the humans saw into the creatures ' eyes , the humans saw something more than a monster , they saw someone . 
 those humans were the few , the ones who let their reason govern over their aggressiveness and desire , the ones who believed that they could co-exist with the creatures , the ones that saw that the creatures were not so different . 
 the human being was as magnificent as it was horrible , and the creatures were no different . 
 some were criminals , killing and stealing the poor , the weak , and the defenseless . 
 others used the trust of the kind and the just for their own desires . 
 others ruled with an iron fist , with corruption , and with lies , while their subjects died of hunger and disease . 
 then , there were the ones who believed that they should co-exist with the humans . 
 some wanted to live in peace with their families and friends . 
 others believed that they deserved the same right to live in the same world as the humans because of a higher power . 
 others simply did n't see the problem for both races to live together in harmony and peace . 
 unfortunately , no progress was made around that time and the creatures decided to disappear , away from human civilizations . 
 the creatures moved into areas that humans could n't reach by normal means . 
 some creatures moved into the top of mountains , others moved into dangerous areas that humans did n't dare to explore , others moved to the bottom of the ocean . 
 over time , the creatures became a memory , then they became a legend , then they became folklore , then they became a myth . 
 in the end , the creatures turned into nothing more than fairy tales that humans told to children before going to sleep . 
 those mythological beings never forgot about the humans , since those beings were everywhere , especially certain beings that were all female . 
 and so , the creatures waited , waited for the moment they could finally come out of their caves , their mountains , and the sea to once again roam the earth . 
 the time was coming . 
 in the 1920 's , human explorers discovered the hidden places of those beings , which was a big surprise to the humans . 
 those mythological beings thought the humans would flee in terror or attack them . 
 to the surprise of those mythological beings , the human explorers were filled with awe and wonder , especially since some records of those beings were exaggerated . 
 for example , the harpy was n't grotesque at all , their arms were wings and their legs were those of a bird , but the rest was human-looking . 
 the legs of a lamia were fused into a long snake tail and their eyes were those of a snake , but everything else was human . 
 the human explorers conversed with those beings , ate with them , played with them , and some even fell in love with them . 
 the human explorers that went back to their own countries gave the news to their colleagues . 
 unfortunately , the human explorers were ridiculed , they were called liars or delusional people , but those news did n't escape the government . 
 the government listened to the human explorers , read their documents , watched their drawings , and made a decision . 
 the government would wait for the perfect time to reveal those beings to society , believing that society was n't ready . 
 that lasted for 40 years , until the bill of rights was passed . 
 that was when the government decided that it was time to reveal those beings , who were more than happy for it . 
 a few humans disagreed with that decision , mostly religious people , but most of the public were more than happy for those beings to live with them . 
 the public did n't know how to call those beings , if they should say monster or lamia , or harpy , or mermaid , it was all too confusing . 
 so , the humans decided to call them the inter-species people , since most of them were both human and animal combined . 
 the blending into the human society was n't as hard as some believed , especially after the bill of rights was passed . 
 the inter-species people were everywhere , from cities , to towns , to neighborhoods . 
 the inter-species people have made their families , some with their fellow inter-species people , and others with humans . 
 some people were against the idea of a human and an inter-species person making a family because they were of different species and it may only produce inter-species people , but that was proven wrong . 
 there was a 50 % chance that the offspring would be human or an inter-species person because the dna of the inter-species people was part human . 
 humans saw the inter-species people no matter where they went . 
 the inter-species people were in jobs , in schools , in homes , and even in sports . 
 unfortunately , humans and inter-species people could n't participate together in sports because the inter-species people had an unfair advantage over the humans . 
 so , it was decided to keep both groups separate . 
 the inter-species people were still part of the humans ' sport organizations , but others had to be developed . 
 the humans had a voice in political matters as much as the inter-species people . 
 some of the inter-species people were actually mayors , and even presidents . 
 in modern times , both the humans and inter-species people have lived in relative peace and harmony , as much as it was possible . 
 there were still fights and crimes , riches and poverty , but all of that would have existed even without the inter-species people in the world . 
 the inter-species people had blended so well , that for the humans , it was like looking at anybody else in the street . 
 it could be said that , the world was never the same , and yet , it felt as if it was from the beginning . 
 prologue : the rise and fall . 
 there was a girl , a very peculiar girl . 
 she was a very peculiar girl because she was a lamia , one of the races of the inter-species people . 
 as a lamia , the girl was half-snake and half-human , who possessed a strong snake tail , which started from their hips and below the waist . 
 she also possessed snake-like eyes and , like other snakes , susceptibility to the cold . 
 it was expected that the girl would be born female , since lamias were an all-female race . 
 she was with her human father , rick anderson , and her lamia mother , laila anderson . 
 her father was an average man , not too tall , not too small , but his hair was completely black and he was of fair-white skin . 
 the girl 's mother was a lamia with hair as brown as her scales , eyes as blue as the sea , and her skin was of fair-white complexion . 
 the couple 's daughter was born with those qualities . 
 hair and scales as black as night , her eyes as blue and deep as the sea , and with fair-white skin . 
 the girl 's mother gave her the name of lea because the mother believed that it was a beautiful name , and her husband agreed with her . 
 the couple loved lea dearly , and lea loved her parents just as much . 
 rick and laila were n't rich , they lived in a poor neighborhood in california , but they were decent people that did n't get into any problem . 
 they lived in a small apartment with two bedrooms , a living room , a bathroom , and a kitchen . 
 everything was going as the parents expected , until lea was in elementary school at the young age of 9 . 
 instead of playing with dolls , playing house , or talking about singers or models , lea started to show interest in sports , like soccer , football , baseball , and so on . 
 she showed interest in action movies and video games . 
 her interest in clothing also changed , she started to dislike what she considered ` girly ' clothes . 
 instead , she wanted something more practical , for example : pants , t-shirts , and sport hats . 
 of course , certain items had to be made for inter-species people , especially since lea had a tail instead of legs . 
 for example , the ` pants ' for lamias were actually skirts , but some of the designs made the lamias look at the skirts as pants . 
 then , what really grabbed the attention of lea 's parents , was the fact that lea paid more attention to girls instead of boys , and not as simple friends . 
 laila was worried about that , since lamias were a race of only female , so she considered marrying a man very important . 
 that idea had been changing over time , but some lamias still held to it . 
 preferring not to do anything at the moment , both of lea 's parents simply decided to wait and hope that lea would start to act the way she was supposed to as she grew older . 
 unfortunately , lea 's classmates were not as passive as her parents . 
 some started to call lea weird because she was acting like a boy , others would call her a freak because she was interested in girls and not in boys . 
 some would go as far as start bullying her , throwing her stuff and pushing her . 
 they would n't go too far with her , since she could use her tail to trap them or strike them with it , so they did most of that behind her back . 
 lea talked to her teachers about how the other kids treated her , but it did n't seem to do much . 
 the kids simply tried to put more caution in their actions so they would n't get caught . 
 since lea could n't stop the kids after talking to her teachers , she talked to her parents about it . 
 `` mom , dad , i got to tell you something '' said lea as she approached her parents in their bedroom . 
 they were both in bed and close to each other . 
 `` what is it , sweetie ? '' 
 asked laila , who put her book down to give her full attention to lea . 
 laila clearly saw that lea was distressed . 
 `` i do n't want to go to school . '' 
 that caught the attention of rick , who was watching a game on the television . 
 `` why ? 
 did something happen ? '' 
 asked rick with worry in his voice . 
 `` there are some kids in school that are bothering me . 
 they call me names like ` freak ' , ` weirdo ' , and they push me too . '' 
 `` have you told your teachers about this ? '' 
 `` i did , but they still keep doing those mean things to me and i do n't know what to do . '' 
 rick and laila had an idea as to why that was happening and more than expected that to happen to lea . 
 they simply did n't know how they could tell lea that maybe it was because of the things she did and the way she dressed . 
 laila was the first to tell lea about it , since rick was thinking of a way to say it . 
 `` well , maybe they do n't like the things that you do . '' 
 `` what things ? '' 
 asked lea in confusion . 
 `` you know , playing sports , talking about video games , stuff like that . '' 
 `` but i like doing those things , i see other kids do that . '' 
 `` but those are boy things , not girl things . 
 you should be playing with dolls and the like . '' 
 `` those things are boring , i do n't like that . '' 
 rick and laila saw in lea 's face that lea considered it something awful . 
 `` you 're a girl , sweetie . 
 those are things that you should like . '' 
 instead of trying to help their own daughter , which they wanted to do , it seemed to have turned into a scolding and an argument without any one realizing it . 
 `` i do n't understand , i have to do things that i do n't like just because they do n't like it ? '' 
 after hearing that question , rick started to realize that something was about to start if no one stopped the conversation . 
 `` honey , maybe we should leave this conversation for another time . '' 
 rick said to laila , but she was n't in favor of that . 
 `` we should n't wait any longer , things could only get worse and it might be too late if we do n't do something about it . '' 
 `` why are you blaming me for it ? 
 i never did anything to them , they started first . '' 
 said lea , and her eyes started to water up because it seemed unfair to her that they were saying that as if it was her fault that the kids were bullying her . 
 `` is not what you 're doing , is the way you act . '' 
 said rick , who tried to avoid an argument , but did n't realize that he was getting into it . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 as far as lea knew , she was just being herself and nothing else . 
 `` you act like a boy , that 's simply not something a girl should be doing . '' 
 answered laila . 
 `` but i 'm not acting , i 'm just been me . 
 do n't you love me ? '' 
 tears were flowing down lea 's cheeks . 
 `` of course we love you . 
 this is just a phase that you 're going through , not who you are . 
 you 're too young to know these things . '' 
 rick 's response made it sound as if he was just blowing it off . 
 `` you 're lying , you just saying that , if you love me , then you would n't be saying that it 's my fault that this is happening to me , you would n't be telling me to do something i do n't want to do . 
 you would n't be telling me to change who i am . '' 
 `` lea , do n't call your parents liars , show some respect . '' 
 said laila . 
 `` but - '' `` listen to your mother , lea . 
 now go to your room . 
 we 're going to your school tomorrow morning and talk with your teachers about those kids bothering you , and that 's final . '' 
 rick put an end to the argument , hoping to have some peace for the rest of the day . 
 that was final for lea . 
 she could n't understand why they said such a thing , why they would blame her for it , and why they would want her to change . 
 after that , lea started going back to her room , but not before she left something that would hurt her parents more than anything . 
 `` i hate you !! '' 
 lea screamed to her parents , slid to her room as quickly as her tail could take her , and slammed the door as hard as she could . 
 her parents were in shock after listening their own daughter scream those words to them . 
 still , they held on to their decision . 
 they wanted lea to stop acting like a boy and more like she was supposed to . 
 even though they had that in mind , they could n't shake the sadness that was growing inside of them . 
 that was just the beginning of how they lost their daughter . 
 the next day , rick and laila went to lea 's school and talked to the teachers about the problems that their daughter was having in school . 
 lea did n't care if they told the teachers anything or not , lea did n't believe that her parents were trying to help her , she believed that they blamed her for it . 
 days passed and everything seemed the same to rick and laila , but they knew that it was n't the case . 
 lea started to isolate herself from her parents , she did n't smile the way she used to do , she did n't even seem to feel happy anymore . 
 one day in school , the kids that were bullying her decided to ambush her . 
 it was a group of 3 human boys who decided that it would be fun to attack a lamia , which they thought would make them famous in school . 
 they came up with the idea to grab lea 's tail , which was the most dangerous thing that lamias possessed . 
 when lea was alone in the corner of the playground , the group of boys came out of nowhere and 2 of them grabbed lea 's tail , while their other friend started approaching her from the front . 
 the boy started to taunt lea and push her around . 
 lea tried to defend herself , but her tail was held in place . 
 without her tail , lea decided to use the only other weapon that she had : her fists . 
 lea 's time playing in sports had helped her develop strong arms . 
 lea used those arms to easily knock the boy in front of her with a straight punch to his face . 
 after seeing their friend go down , the other 2 boys decided to simply leave their friend behind and ran away . 
 soon after that , it came to the attention of a teacher , who called lea 's parents . 
 rick and laila had a talk with lea about it , but lea did n't care anymore . 
 lea believed that they were n't on her side anymore and that kind of accident kept going for a while . 
 some of the kids in school started to be afraid of lea , but she did n't care . 
 after all , lea decided to consider everyone her enemy and preferred to be left alone . 
 lea reached the age of 14 years old , second year in high school , and she did n't change one bit . 
 that was worrying rick and laila because they thought that lea 's attitude would go away , but they started to realize that it may not be the case anymore . 
 either way , they always kept the hope that it would change one day . 
 lea still looked kind of boyish , except that she left her hair grow all the way to back-length . 
 she had been getting into fights with other kids back in elementary school because they wanted to fight a lamia to look cool . 
 in high school , it seemed to be more frequent because of the same reason as before . 
 the difference was that it also included other inter-species people , like centaurs , harpies , and many others . 
 centaurs were half-human , half-horse , making them taller than a normal human . 
 they were powerful beings , able to lift a normal person with a single arm , but a big and strong body like that tended to need large amounts of food . 
 they also produced lots of heat for a normal being , so they preferred places that were cold . 
 in legend , they were considered to be wise teachers in hunting and combat , but they were also considered barbarians that should be killed . 
 some of those stories were exaggerated , since the centaurs were pretty normal beings , some good in nature , others more evil and corrupt . 
 the male centaur was left alone , but their females were another story . 
 the female centaur was believed to be incredibly beautiful , making many nobles wish to have one as either their trophy or slave . 
 over time , those desires disappeared , and centaurs became normal citizens . 
 unfortunately for lea , she had to deal with centaurs , and talking was never a choice . 
 lea 's attackers did n't seem to learn from the others that have faced her . 
 they still believed that the most dangerous thing about lea was her tail , which was true , but she would also use her fists . 
 she could pretty much knock anyone down with a single punch . 
 she had no friends , did n't need any nor wanted any friends , and everyone knew that she was a lesbian , which lea did n't care if they knew or not . 
 until she met ciara , a pretty , blonde human , with gray eyes , fair-white skin , and a good pair of d-cups . 
 they were at lunch on that day , lea was eating alone in a bench as far away from the others as possible , but ciara was looking straight at lea . 
 ciara was interested in lea because of her reputation as one of the toughest students in the whole school , and ciara wanted to get some of that fame for herself . 
 ciara was n't a lesbian , but it did n't matter as long as she got what she wanted . 
 that day , she decided to wear the most provocative clothes that she could get . 
 a red seamless tank top , which showed a well amount of cleavage , with a small black jacket on top , black aphrodite denim shorts , and small black boots . 
 she also put some earrings and red lipstick to help her look even sexier . 
 with everything prepared , she walked straight to lea , sat on the table that lea was using , and ciara crossed her legs . 
 `` well , hello there . '' 
 ciara talked to lea with the most seductive voice that ciara could use . 
 `` hey . '' 
 lea was wearing a white t-shirt , and black pants . 
 she was doing nothing more than eating her lunch , a small cheeseburger , a soda , and some fries . 
 at that moment , there was someone ruining her lunch by not leaving her alone . 
 lea was n't looking at ciara , hoping that she would get the message to leave lea alone real fast . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 ciara actually knew lea 's name , the whole school knew lea , but lea never met ciara in person . 
 `` depends on who wants to know . '' 
 `` someone that is very interested in a tough girl like you . '' 
 ciara had heard that lea was a loner , pretty much keeping anyone far away from her , but ciara already expected that . 
 the moment that lea laid eyes on ciara , she would get lea , it was just a matter of time . 
 lea got tired of whatever that girl was doing , so lea started to turn her head towards the girl . 
 `` listen , can you just - '' the words died in lea 's mouth the moment she laid eyes on ciara , or her breasts to be precise . 
 lea had seen her fair share of beautiful girls , but that one was on the top of her list , and that girl was talking to lea . 
 lea dropped the french fry she was about to eat without noticing . 
 `` like the view ? '' 
 ciara was quite glad that she got a nice reaction from ` the toughest student in the whole school ' . 
 `` very ... i mean ... they 're good , but i 've seen better . '' 
 lea tried to sound cool . 
 `` i 'm sure you have . 
 after all , what girl can resist such a strong woman like yourself ? '' 
 ciara knew that lea was just acting tough . 
 ciara saw lea 's cheeks turning a slight red , showing the effect that she had over lea . 
 `` one who has n't seen these muscles ? '' 
 with that said , lea pulled her right sleeve and flexed her arm , revealing that all those years of playing sports and fighting had giving her quite the muscles . 
 ciara did n't waste such an opportunity like that and started to look at the arm . 
 `` now that 's quite the arm , can i touch it ? '' 
 ciara was actually surprised to see it . 
 lea truly lived to the reputation of ` the toughest in the school ' , and ciara could see that she was about to get what she wanted . 
 `` go ahead . '' 
 with that said , ciara grabbed lea 's arm and started to examine it . 
 she could feel the tough muscles of lea 's arm , but the skin felt smooth , which was surprising because lea did n't care about cosmetics . 
 `` such muscles , i wonder if it 's the same with your abs . '' 
 ciara was been careful not to upset lea , but ciara was actually curious about lea 's abs . 
 `` why do n't you find out for yourself ? '' 
 asked lea in a smooth voice , since she was enjoying ciara 's exploration . 
 then , lea lifted her shirt , just enough for her abdomen to show . 
 `` i would like that . '' 
 ciara responded with a sexy voice and got closer to lea . 
 ciara started exploring lea 's abs , which they did n't disappoint either . 
 packs were already forming , but now that ciara took a good look , lea 's chest was pretty close to b-cups , but they were nicely shaped . 
 lea was the good image of strength and beauty . 
 all of it was about to belong to ciara very soon , she could feel it . 
 ciara could have continued , but the bell ringed , signaling the end of lunch . 
 both of them groaned in annoyance , ciara because she could no finish her business and lea because it had to end so quickly for her . 
 lea did n't even finish her lunch , but that was the least of her worries at the moment . 
 `` maybe we can continue this some other time ? '' 
 lea was obviously flirting , and her tail coiled around ciara 's waist and pulled ciara close to lea . 
 then , ciara put her arms around lea 's neck and said . 
 `` of course . '' 
 ciara knew that she got what she wanted in her grasp . 
 that marked the beginning of their relationship , and all of the school knew about it very shortly . 
 everyone knew that ciara was with lea , but most of them knew ciara was with lea mostly for interest . 
 ciara wanted to be with lea because of her reputation , or infamy depending on who was answering , and nothing else . 
 lea 's parents never found out about it because lea did n't talk to them as much as they wanted , and she kept it a secret for a whole year . 
 ciara and lea went on dates every once in a while . 
 most of those times , they would eat somewhere , and after their meals , they would walk around . 
 not all of those dates were as peaceful as lea and ciara wanted . 
 some students from the school would pick a fight with lea , and she was n't the type to run away . 
 lea always came out of a fight victorious , no matter how many they brought with them . 
 unfortunately , when rick was going back home , he saw lea with ciara . 
 rick did n't know it , but they were on a date . 
 of course , that information was unnecessary because rick could see that they were holding hands and were very close to each other . 
 rick did n't call for lea . 
 instead , he went back home and told laila about what he saw . 
 they decided to talk to their daughter about it because their fears were coming true . 
 lea was dating other girls instead of a boy . 
 when lea got back home , her parents were waiting for her . 
 `` lea , we need to talk . '' 
 said rick with a serious face . 
 `` okay , what is it ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` let 's talk in the living room . '' 
 after rick said that , they went to the living room , which was n't that big . 
 they had an old tv in there and a large sofa with a lamp on its right side . 
 lea saw her mother already sitting on the sofa and laila had the same serious face as rick . 
 `` sit down , sweetie . '' 
 said laila while patting the middle of the sofa , indicating lea where to sit . 
 lea took a seat and rick sat on the other side of the sofa . 
 once they were all sitting down , the conversation started , and they did n't beat around the bush . 
 `` lea , your father saw you with someone on the streets , who was she ? '' 
 `` a friend from school . '' 
 lea was lying because she knew that if she told the truth , it would go badly . 
 `` is that so ? 
 how come you never told us about her ? '' 
 rick knew that it was a lie . 
 after all , he saw them together in the streets . 
 `` it never came up . '' 
 lea knew that it was a bad excuse , but it was the best she could come up with . 
 `` lea , tell us the truth , i saw you two together and it was n't just as friends . '' 
 `` if you saw already , then why are you asking ? '' 
 lea 's parents did n't like the sound of defiance in her voice . 
 `` just tell the truth . 
 who was she ? '' 
 laila did n't like her daughter 's attitude with them . 
 laila was expecting it , since it had been the same for years , but she still did n't like it . 
 `` okay , fine , she 's my girlfriend , happy now ? '' 
 lea got tired of that , especially since she knew where it was going . 
 `` lea , that 's no way to talk to your parents , and what are you doing with a girl ? 
 you should be dating boys , not girls , what 's going on with you ? '' 
 laila was about to panic , realizing that her worst fear was happening . 
 their daughter was actually a lesbian . 
 `` there 's nothing wrong with me . 
 this is exactly why i did n't tell you anything because i knew that you would react like this . '' 
 lea decided to get up from the sofa because she felt like they were surrounding her to attack her from every direction . 
 `` this is simply something that you should n't be doing , it 's just not right . '' 
 `` why not ? 
 what 's so wrong about it ? 
 why ca n't you accept that this is who i am ? '' 
 anger could be heard in lea 's voice . 
 the conversation was already turning into an argument , and not going the way that lea 's parents wanted . 
 `` because not everyone would accept that , people are going to attack you because of it . '' 
 worry could be heard in laila 's voice . 
 after all , she just wanted to keep her daughter safe . 
 `` why do i have to change just because some people do n't like the way i am ? 
 why should i even care ? 
 that 's their problem , not mine . '' 
 `` because that 's how society is , there 's a certain way that you must act in it . '' 
 `` then who would i be ? 
 how could i live in a place that does n't let me be who i am ? '' 
 `` what about children ? 
 two girls ca n't make a family , have you thought about that ? '' 
 laila was getting frustrated . 
 `` there are other ways to make one , like adoption and the sorts . '' 
 lea was just getting angrier as the conversation kept going . 
 `` why are you so worried about it anyways ? '' 
 `` we just want you to be happy , nothing else . '' 
 said rick , who was trying to calm the both of them because he noticed that the conversation was getting out of control . 
 `` then why do n't you just leave me alone and just accept me for who i am ? '' 
 `` because you 're acting like a dyke trying be a man ! '' 
 laila would have kept going , but she realized what she said out of frustration and panic . 
 lea heard it , from her own mother , so she did the only thing that a person at that age would do in a moment like that : she slid out of the apartment . 
 `` lea , wait ! '' 
 rick tried to catch her , but she was faster than him . 
 laila could only stand in the living room , with horror on her face , realizing that she might have driven her daughter away . 
 `` what have i done ? '' 
 that was the only thing laila could say at the moment , and no one could answer for her . 
 lea was sliding as fast and as far as her tail could take her . 
 lea was n't going anywhere in particular , she simply did n't want to be near her parents . 
 without realizing it , lea reached the commercial area of the city . 
 lea was trying to avoid crying on the streets , and she was thankful that she was good at it , or it would have been humiliating . 
 lea slid by restaurants , pawn shops , cafes , all sorts of stores in the area . 
 she saw , not only humans , but also centaurs walking around , harpies flying or walking , arachnes were actually walking on the buildings . 
 lea figured that she would go back , since she had nowhere else to go . 
 lea just needed a moment alone to calm down , then she would go back to her room , and that was it . 
 lea did n't even think of that place as her home , her parents did n't want to accept her for who she was , they wanted to turn her in whatever they wanted , and she just did n't feel like letting them do that . 
 she did n't feel anything wrong with her , maybe other lamias were with their boyfriends and such , but she just could n't do that . 
 lea simply did n't feel that kind of interest in boys . 
 girls were another matter altogether . 
 while lea was sliding around the area , she did n't realize that a certain group of people was following her around . 
 it was a small group of high school students that wanted to take lea down because she defeated some of their friends . 
 the waited for the perfect moment to attack , and the moment came when lea decided to slide through an alley . 
 lea though that a change of view would help her calm down . 
 when lea slid into the alley , the group appeared behind her , and lea heard them because of their footsteps . 
 lea quickly turned around and realized there were four of them , and one of them was actually a centaur . 
 `` are you lea anderson ? '' 
 said a centaur . 
 lea realized that the centaur might be the leader of the group . 
 `` depends on who 's asking . '' 
 answered lea . 
 she was n't in the mood to deal with people that she considered idiots . 
 lea considered them idiots for the simple fact that they were trying to start a fight with her . 
 `` someone that got his friends beat up by a fucking dyke . '' 
 lea had her fair share of people like the centaur , they were always coming from left and right with the same reason . 
 they wanted revenge for their friends who got the bright idea to fight lea for no reason . 
 `` i 'm not in the mood to talk , why do n't you just come over here and we finish this , horse shit . '' 
 lea was ready and thankful for that fight because she needed to let off some steam . 
 the centaur knew of lea 's reputation , but that insult got to him , and decided to charge at her . 
 on the other side of the block , two people were walking on the sidewalk . 
 one of them was a mexican human in his 60 's with short black hair , which had signs of having some white hair , brown skin , and dark brown eyes . 
 he was wearing a business suit . 
 the other person was a male werewolf with dark blond hair , the same color as his pointy ears , fur , and tail , and with green eyes . 
 he was on his 40 's , but he seemed to still have some life in him . 
 he was also wearing a business suit . 
 they story of the werewolves was that they were cursed humans who would turn into werewolves in the full moon . 
 the truth was that they already had the ears , the tail , the fangs , the claws , the fur , the legs , and the eyes of a wolf . 
 the difference between male and female werewolves was that males had the face and muzzle of a wolf , while the female had a human face and fur only on the arms , legs , and tail . 
 werewolves only came at night because they were prosecuted in ancient times . 
 it was mere coincidence that a passerby saw a werewolf in the full moon , and so , the story was born . 
 in modern times , they were looked as another citizen of a nation . 
 those two people were going back to their office after finishing some business . 
 `` we have to keep looking for more people to join the gym , coach . 
 the new ones may have helped , but it 's not enough if we want to get better equipment for the gym . '' 
 said the werewolf with a serious voice . 
 `` i understand your concern , alfred , but it 's hard to find people to join a sport that is actually brutal . 
 the new members show promise , but they have n't built up enough recognition to fight in higher level matches . '' 
 it was easy to hear the mexican accent in the coach 's voice . 
 when the coach finished answering that , they started hearing clopping sounds on the alley to their right . 
 they turned their heads just in time to see a lamia dodging a stomp from a centaur , quickly lifting herself off the ground with her tail , and throwing a right uppercut straight at the centaur 's chin . 
 the punch connected so well , that alfred and the coach could hear it all the way to their end of the alley . 
 what surprised them the most , was that the punch lifted the centaur 's front half from the ground , but only a little bit . 
 then , the centaur started to fall on his right side , which was unbelievable . 
 the centaur 's friends saw that happen , and they immediately started to leave the area . 
 everyone knew that a centaur was very strong and heavy , but the lamia was actually strong enough to lift the centaur and knock him out with a single punch . 
 the lamia was actually lea , and she did n't consider beating a centaur such a big deal . 
 she had been fighting for years and that fight was no different from the others . 
 alfred and the coach were frozen in their places , uncertain if what they saw was true or not . 
 `` coach , is this actually true ? 
 did she just knock a centaur down with a single punch ? '' 
 alfred did n't know if the coach heard or not . 
 the coach was n't paying attention because he was focused on lea . 
 `` that kind of strength is the kind that a champion actually has . 
 if what i 'm thinking is true , then she has the strength to become a world champion . 
 i just have to put her in the ring . '' 
 the problem was to actually talk to lea and convince her to join the coach 's gym . 
 the coach saw lea start to approach the fallen centaur , and the coach knew exactly what lea was going to do . 
 lea was going to keep punching the centaur . 
 the coach quickly started walking towards lea and grabbed her shoulder just in time to stop her from launching another punch to an unconscious centaur . 
 `` hold it right there , chica . 
 if you keep punching him , you might just kill him . '' 
 lea did n't hear him get close to her because she was focused on giving the centaur a beat-down . 
 `` what do you want , old man ? 
 you better make it quick , i 'm not in the mood to deal with you . '' 
 said lea with an edge in her voice , as if she was ready to attack the coach . 
 lea pulled her shoulder free from the coach 's grip , which made her let go of the centaur , and the centaur fell back to the ground . 
 the coach quickly started grabbing lea 's arms , rubbing the muscles with his thumbs , then the abdomen . 
 lea quickly slid out of his reach and screamed in anger . 
 `` what the fuck are you doing !? '' 
 `` sorry about that , i was checking something . '' 
 the coach discovered that lea had well developed muscles in her . 
 `` no wonder she could take that centaur down , she simply had the muscles for it . 
 she might be the answer to our problems . '' 
 `` for what ? 
 who are you anyways ? '' 
 `` my name is alonso rodriguez , i 'm a boxing coach at my gym , and this is alfred , the manager . 
 you have quite the muscles , chica . 
 you could do quite well as a professional boxer . '' 
 alonso was n't known to be subtle , he never liked to beat around the bush . 
 `` boxing ? 
 never seen a match and not interested in getting into it . 
 by the way , my name is not ` chica ' , it 's lea . '' 
 `` i can tell you this , lea , with enough training and determination , you could reach world fame , you could become rich , and you could become someone . 
 all you have to do is come with me to the gym . '' 
 alonso had a calm tone in his voice , but in reality , he was desperate . 
 people like lea were difficult to find and she just happened to be nearby . 
 when lea heard fame and money , she actually started thinking about it . 
 lea was barely making it through high school , but if she could get enough money , she could leave her parents forever and get ciara to live with her . 
 lea 's thoughts were interrupted by the sound of distant sirens . 
 lea believed that someone might had seen the fight and decided to call the police . 
 `` all right , i 'm in . 
 i have nothing better to do anyways . '' 
 `` then follow me , the gym is n't far from here . '' 
 alonso did n't show it , but he was happy to know that he got the attention of a potential champion . 
 they headed straight to the gym , and as alonso said , it was n't very far from the alley . 
 it was an average looking gym , a two story building with a sign that said ` alonso 's gym ' . 
 the building itself was n't too big , but it was n't small either . 
 lea did n't know what they used the second floor for and did n't care . 
 on the inside of the building , the walls were painted white , with pictures hanging on the wall of boxers , some with belts on them . 
 the gym had what a normal boxing gym should have , punching bags on the left , heavy bags on the right corner , a ring in the middle , helmets , etc. . 
 lea could see that the equipment was very old and used . 
 there were people of different races and species in the gym , there were other lamias like lea , male and female humans , centaurs , arachnes , and many other different kinds . 
 lea did n't care much about that , but then , some of the people in the gym started looking at her , which she did n't like . 
 `` hey , coach , is that a new member ? '' 
 a person asked with a cheerful tone in her voice . 
 lea turned her head towards the source of the voice to find a lamia approaching lea 's group . 
 she was an african-american lamia with dark brown hair in a short-bob hairstyle , very dark brown skin , and violet eyes . 
 she would stand at 5ft and 7in in human height . 
 she was wearing a gym uniform with the name of the gym on the back and front . 
 `` it 's not final yet , but she 's considering giving it a try . '' 
 alonso answered to the lamia . 
 then , the lamia looked at lea . 
 `` you should join the gym . 
 it 's actually fun in here . 
 oh yeah , i have n't introduced myself . '' 
 the lamia put a sheepish smile as she noticed her mistake . 
 `` my name is salena smith . '' 
 salena put her hand forward for a handshake , and with a friendly smile on her face . 
 `` lea . '' 
 answered lea with a flat tone in her voice . 
 she simply was n't interested in making friends . 
 lea did n't shake salena 's hand , but that did n't seem to put salena 's cheerfulness down . 
 `` that 's rude from your part , lea . '' 
 lea looked towards the source of that voice . 
 it belonged to a lamia that was working on a punching bag . 
 she was a mexican-american lamia , who had light brown hair picked up in a bun , but lea could see some curls in the lamia 's hair , green eyes , and a brown skin complexion . 
 the lamia was actually small , standing around 5ft and 4in in human height , wearing the same uniform as salena . 
 `` it 's alright , alinda , maybe she 's just shy . '' 
 said salena . 
 `` lea , this is alinda . 
 alinda , this is lea . '' 
 lea and alinda did n't seem to care because they simply stared at each other . 
 `` a pleasure . '' 
 it was easy to hear the sarcasm in alinda 's voice , and to make it worse , she did n't try to hide it . 
 lea did n't answer . 
 a moment after that , a tall lamia entered the gym and saw the group . 
 `` what 's going on , lads ? '' 
 it was easy to hear the irish accent on the tall lamia 's voice . 
 everyone turned towards her , and salena approached her . 
 `` good timing . 
 lea , this is hilda . 
 hilda , this is lea . '' 
 salena introduced lea , still with that cheerfulness . 
 lea wondered if it ever stopped or if salena was in some kind of drug . 
 hilda was an irish-american lamia , who had red , short spiky hair in a bobbed style , ice-blue eyes , and fair white complexion . 
 she would stand at 6ft in human height , taller than the rest of them . 
 she was also wearing the same uniform as salena and alinda . 
 `` pleasure to meet ya , lass . '' 
 a smile appeared on hilda 's face , showing just how friendly she was , but lea did n't respond . 
 `` oh , seems we have a shy one . '' 
 with that said , hilda started to pat lea 's back quite hard while keeping that smile on her face . 
 `` no worries , she might loosen up once she gets to know us . '' 
 `` all right , you three , time for chit-chat is over , get back to your training . '' 
 they all heard someone calling the trio . 
 everyone turned towards the person and saw a minotaur with a shaved head with horns that were at least 2 ft. long , brown eyes , and brown fur . 
 he easily stood at 6ft and he was wearing a gym uniform . 
 he had the actual face and legs of a bull . 
 `` you got matches coming up and you need to be ready for them . '' 
 `` sorry , fergus . '' 
 said salena , who did n't sound reprimanded in the least , but she did left to go back to her workout . 
 `` let 's talk more some other time . '' 
 alonso and alfred were on the side the whole time , and alfred did n't like lea 's attitude . 
 `` coach , are you sure we should let her join ? 
 she might cause some problems for us . '' 
 worry could be heard in alfred 's voice . 
 `` do n't worry , alfred , she might be hard to handle , but maybe with enough time , she might get friendlier . 
 she might have some problems in her life that caused this attitude . '' 
 said alonso . 
 `` i hope you 're right , coach . '' 
 that was how lea 's career as a boxer started and how she met the other boxers in the gym . 
 lea returned home and did n't talk to her parents , even though they wanted her to say something . 
 unfortunately , lea did n't say anything and simply went straight to her room . 
 lea told ciara about the boxing gym and that lea was going to stay there . 
 ciara was pleased with the news and supported the idea . 
 ciara knew that if lea became famous and rich , then ciara would become famous and rich . 
 lea did n't want to tell her parents about the gym , so she had to pay for the membership on her own . 
 fortunately , lea had a small job that got her just enough to pay the membership . 
 lea debuted at the age of 16 and started to quickly climb up the ranks , with all her victories been by means of a knockout . 
 lea was easily making herself known and started winning a large amount of money . 
 she was well known to have tremendous punching power and endurance . 
 her relationship with ciara was also well known in the media , they were pretty much close to each other and ciara was always in one of lea 's matches . 
 at the age of 18 , lea not only finished high school , which she barely did , but she also became the mswba -lrb- multi-species world boxing association -rrb- middleweight champion . 
 what no one expected was that it marked the beginning of the end for lea 's career as a boxer . 
 after lea became the champion , she eventually left her parents and never looked back , taking ciara along . 
 lea bought a 2 stories house in california , with 4 bedrooms , a large living room , kitchen , 2 bathrooms , front yard , and a garage . 
 she even got 2 cars , one for herself and one for ciara , but what was considered the biggest waste , was the parties that lea threw in her house . 
 it was actually known in the news , so alonso knew about it and tried to have a talk with lea . 
 they were in the gym , in alonso 's office . 
 `` lea , what the hell is going on with you ?! 
 just because you 're the champion does n't mean that you can do whatever you want ! '' 
 said alonso . 
 `` listen , old man , you 're not the boss of me . 
 after all , i 'm the one who 's fighting in the ring , not you . '' 
 said lea in an nonchalant way . 
 over the years , lea never seemed to get close to anyone in the gym . 
 lea mostly focused on herself and ciara . 
 `` do n't get cocky with me , chica , i knew that you would become a champion , i knew you would succeed . 
 hell , i was glad of what you have accomplished , but i never expected you to become this kind of person . '' 
 `` i really do n't give a fuck about you , and i really do n't have to listen to you . '' 
 lea started to rise from her seat . 
 `` are you leaving the gym ? 
 you think anyone would work with you , knowing that you simply throw parties and waste your time with your girl , instead of training ?! '' 
 alonso could n't imagine anyone smart enough to hire someone like lea . 
 `` i can do anything because i 'm the champion . 
 consider this the end of our partnership . '' 
 before leaving the office , lea looked at alonso and said . 
 `` good luck , you 're going to need it . '' 
 after that , lea slid out of the office and laughed . 
 when she got out of the office , lea realized that everyone in the gym was staring at her . 
 they did n't hear the entire conversation , but they had an idea of what happened in there , and lea did n't care . 
 she simply kept sliding towards the gym 's doors . 
 she saw the faces of the first members that she met . 
 salena had a sad expression on her face . 
 salena thought that she could become friends with lea , but that never happened . 
 alinda had a frown on her face . 
 she never liked lea and she was loyal to the coach , so she was furious of the way lea talked to him . 
 hilda actually had a neutral face , which made it hard for lea to read hilda 's thoughts . 
 it did n't matter to lea , they were n't her friends and she was done with them . 
 news traveled fast of lea leaving alonso 's gym , and it reached the ears of someone else . 
 a week later , lea heard a knock on her door , and answered . 
 on the other side of the door , was a human on his early 20 's with short-straight auburn hair , eyes that looked almost black , but were dark brown , and with a white skin complexion . 
 he stood at 5ft and 11in , and he was wearing a business suit . 
 `` hello , ms. anderson , can i have a moment of your time ? '' 
 the stranger used a professional tone , and tried to look professional . 
 `` depends , what do you want ? '' 
 asked lea in suspicion . 
 `` my name is tony moore , from moore 's gym . 
 i came here to propose a business deal with you , may i come in ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 lea let tony into the living room . 
 when they sat down , ciara entered the living room . 
 `` hey , baby , have you seen my - oh , who is he ? '' 
 ciara had never seen the stranger , so she was checking him . 
 she was trying to see if he was trouble or not . 
 ciara did n't change much throughout the years . 
 she still had her good looks , but started to wear more expensive dresses than before , and tony was enjoying ciara 's looks . 
 `` my name is tony moore and i am here to propose an offer to ms. anderson . '' 
 `` i 'm listening . '' 
 lea actually had plans for that day , so she wanted to get it over with . 
 `` i have heard that you stopped working with alonso rodriguez . 
 i can understand why , he looked the obnoxious type . 
 so , i was wondering if maybe , you would be interested in working for my gym . '' 
 `` how much do you charge ? '' 
 lea did n't want to spend too much of her money on someone who would get on her nerves . 
 `` whatever mr. rodriguez charged you , i would make it even cheaper , and the advantage on working with me , is that i would n't be bothering you with useless training that your previous coach made you go through . 
 what do you say ? '' 
 lea needed to find another gym quickly , especially since she did n't want to do all the paperwork to schedule matches . 
 at that moment , lea wanted to have some fun , and did n't really care about the details . 
 `` you got yourself a deal . '' 
 lea was happy to have a manager that would n't bother her . 
 `` glad to be doing business with you . '' 
 a smile appeared on tony 's face , and they sealed the deal with a handshake . 
 that was the man that , along with ciara , would lead lea to her ruin . 
 tony never told her what time to train . 
 he simply said that he would call her when necessary . 
 that was good for lea , since she wanted to enjoy her fame , and considered unnecessary to train because she considered herself invincible . 
 the next month , lea threw another one of her parties , but that time , it was at a bar in the city . 
 lea got so drunk in there , that the party started to get rowdy and she started to pick fights with other customers . 
 the police came to put a stop to it , and the news reporters quickly got there in time to see lea been arrested . 
 when the reporters got to lea , they started to ask questions . 
 `` ms. anderson , what do you think the mswba would think of this event ? 
 do you have any comments ? '' 
 the female reporter put her microphone close to lea . 
 `` i do n't give a shit about what those motherfuckers think about this ! 
 i am the champion after all , i can do this kind of shit , am i right !? '' 
 lea was obviously drunk and was n't thinking clearly . 
 lea paid for bail that night , but it was n't going to solve everything . 
 the mswba heard the news , and that time , they did n't let it go . 
 lea received a letter from the mswba , with the news that she had been suspended for a whole year , without the chance to appeal for it , and lost the mswba middleweight championship belt . 
 that was a problem for lea . 
 without matches , there was no money , and without money , she could n't pay for anything . 
 the next day , tony arrived at lea 's house , and ringed the bell . 
 the person that answered that time , was ciara . 
 `` ah , hello there , is ms. anderson home ? '' 
 lea was the least of tony 's problems at the moment . 
 `` she went outside for a while , can i help you ? '' 
 ciara was still suspicious of tony , which was easy to see because she was blocking the door . 
 `` actually , i would like to discuss something with you . '' 
 that got ciara 's attention . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` about lea 's suspension and what we could do about it . '' 
 ciara had the feeling that it was something more than that , and let him in . 
 they both sat in the living room and tony started talking . 
 `` let 's just get to the point . 
 lea 's career looks bad . 
 i 'm not confident that the mswba would lift the suspension any time soon , and at this rate , she will sink . '' 
 ciara could see that tony was serious . 
 `` are n't you a coach or something ? 
 should n't you know these kinds of things ? '' 
 `` actually , i 'm no such thing . 
 i just made it up to get lea to work with me . '' 
 `` then , what are you ? '' 
 `` i am simply a man looking for the opportunity to make big money , and that opportunity is showing up . 
 now , i have a proposition for you . '' 
 `` and that is ? '' 
 `` you are very close to ms. anderson , so i am sure that you have access to her bank accounts and such , correct ? '' 
 `` you 're actually asking me to steal from lea , are n't you ? '' 
 ciara was n't shocked about it , she answered with a calm tone in her voice . 
 `` let 's face it , she 's going down really fast and i think it 's time to abandon ship . 
 what do you say ? '' 
 it was a bet for tony . 
 he could get rich if ciara agreed to help him , but he could get in real trouble if she refused . 
 ciara did n't have much to think about , ciara never hated lea , but ciara did n't like lea either . 
 for ciara , lea was just a tool that ciara wanted to get her hands on to become famous and rich . 
 with things falling apart for lea , ciara decided that it was time to move on . 
 `` all right . '' 
 the next day , ciara left to pick up tony and headed straight to the bank . 
 when they got there , ciara ordered to close all the accounts that lea had , and took the money . 
 it was easy because it was a joint account , lea wanted to give ciara whatever she wanted because lea could and because ciara was with lea . 
 after that , they decided to split it evenly and each would go their separate ways . 
 by the time lea got home , she noticed that ciara 's belongings were gone , her clothing , her jewelry , everything . 
 lea quickly realized that ciara left because of lea 's suspension and the loss of lea 's championship belt . 
 then , it hit lea quickly . 
 lea immediately called the bank to ask about her balance . 
 lea found out that her accounts were closed . 
 that put her in a dangerous situation . 
 lea never thought of opening a savings account because she did n't consider it necessary to open one . 
 at that moment , she was starting to regret it , and without money to pay her house and the rest of her possessions , she decided to call bankrupt . 
 news about the event quickly spread throughout the nation , so everyone knew about it . 
 no gym would hire her to work with them because of her criminal record and public display . 
 the shame and humiliation put lea in a depression . 
 she could n't even show her face in public , so she decided to change her look . 
 lea cut her hair to neck-length and started to disguise herself , putting on some jeans , a blue t-shirt , and a black sweater with a hood . 
 after that , no one knew where lea went and she disappeared for 2 years . 
 some believed that she committed suicide because of her loss of money and depression , others believed that she left the country , and many other ideas were coming out . 
 eventually , lea became old news and people started to completely forget about her . 
 after all , they had better things to do , than to talk about a fallen champion . 
 chapter 1 : meeting an angel there was a lamia waking up on a tree , wearing dirty clothes that were filled with dust , dirt , and sweat . 
 it was so grotesque that it was impossible to believe that someone would wear such a thing . 
 that was no problem for her , she had already gotten used to the smell . 
 the only ones that would complain about her clothes , was the people that got too close to her . 
 the lamia started to descend from the tree , which was easy to do because of her tail . 
 then , she started her new day , a day that had been going over and over for a while . 
 she would simply slide to a corner in the street or to a store and beg for change . 
 sometimes she would get enough to buy herself a drink or something to eat . 
 if she was lucky , she would get both in a single day , just enough to live , what she considered , a pitiful existence . 
 of course , she believed that she deserved that , after what she did before . 
 other times , she would just slide around the city , with no particular destination . 
 she was in her home city , but she was n't there before . 
 since the lamia saw no reason to leave again , she decided to stay . 
 it might had been nostalgia , she was born there after all and that was where she grew up . 
 the city was also the place where she started to get out into the world , to get success in life , and where she could have made some real friends . 
 it was her fault that it ended the way it did , and she knew that . 
 all she could do was simply regret that she did n't do things differently . 
 maybe she could have avoided it if she was different back then , if she did n't let it all go to her head and listened to those that actually cared . 
 at that moment , she was just sliding around , with her thoughts as her only companion , and reached a tv store . 
 inside , she could see a tv showing a lamia boxer with a belt around her waist and both arms lifted into the air . 
 on her face , there was that smile , a smile that showed how much she actually worked to get it , how hard it was , how painful it was . 
 there were times when the lamia boxer wanted to quit , but she prevailed , and that was the result of her work . 
 then , the lamia with the dirty clothes saw herself . 
 she saw a dirty and ragged black sweater with a hood , with a blue t-shirt with a sleeve missing under the sweater , and jeans with holes on it . 
 her black hair was unkempt and messy , her white skin had smudges , her eyes were a dull blue , and her black scales were just as dull . 
 it would be hard to recognize lea anderson as she was at that moment , especially since she lost some of her muscles over her time in the streets . 
 having seen enough , she decided to continue on her way to nowhere in particular , and she did that for the whole day . 
 that night , lea was going on her way to find a spot to sleep , but something got her attention . 
 lea started to hear voices in a barely lit alley , and she saw three figures inside : one of them was a tall and obese looking man . 
 it was probably an orc , and the other one looked like a male human , but tough looking . 
 at the end of the alley , there was a smaller person compared to the other two . 
 there was n't enough light to see the third person . 
 it looked like they were robbing that person , but lea was n't sure , so she decided to hide outside of the alley and wait . 
 `` listen , sweetheart , if you want to avoid anything happening to you , you might as well give us whatever you have , right now . '' 
 one of the men in the robbery was trying to sound threatening . 
 `` i ca n't let you have it , i need this money . '' 
 lea could tell that the person been robbed was actually female , and she was worried . 
 `` do i look like i give a shit about that ? 
 now give us the money . '' 
 the robber sounded impatient , and the other men approached the girl , a hand aimed at the suitcase that she was carrying . 
 `` no , i wo n't let you have it , they depend on this payment . '' 
 the girl tried to sound brave , but failed to do so . 
 she clutched the suitcase close to her chest , and held tightly . 
 the man sighed , and talked to the orc . 
 `` hey , pal , why do n't you give me a hand here ? '' 
 the orc literally did that and he moved a hand to grab the girl 's neck . 
 `` help ! '' 
 her cry for help was cut short by the large hand grabbing her neck and lifting her off the ground . 
 `` now listen , try to call for help one more time , and my friend here will have to snap that little neck of yours . '' 
 the man tried to use a threat on the girl , and to help emphasize the threat , the orc squeezed her neck . 
 the orc used just enough strength to send the message , and then loosen up . 
 `` now , give me the money . '' 
 the human grabbed the suitcase and pulled , but the female human held it tightly , with no signs of letting go . 
 lea had seen that kind of thing before in her life on the streets , and usually , no one helped the needed . 
 a smart person would simply walk away , and if they felt like it , they might call the cops . 
 in all of lea 's time as a homeless , no one looked at her . 
 lea did n't see any gain in it , but she did n't see any loss either . 
 ever since her life as a homeless started , she did n't consider her life meaningful , she was dead as far as she knew . 
 lea never considered helping others but herself , maybe it was time for a change , maybe it was time to redeem herself and do something that was worth it . 
 maybe she could finally put an end to her worthless existence . 
 with that in mind , lea decided to help the girl , but lea needed to be careful or the orc might kill the girl . 
 on the left side of the alley , behind the robbers , lea saw a trash can , and on its side , a glass bottle . 
 lea quickly got a plan in her head and put it into action . 
 lea slowly started to slide closer and closer to the trash can . 
 it was a good thing that lea was a lamia , snake tails made very little noise when they slid through the ground . 
 lea could see that the robbers were having a hard time taking the suitcase from the girl , but it was clear that it would be just a matter of time . 
 lea reached the glass bottle and started to approach the robbers . 
 the human robber managed to rip the suitcase from the girl 's arms and opened it . 
 he saw a good amount of money in it , and by that time , lea grabbed the trash can with her tail and proceeded with her plan . 
 lea quickly struck the human with the glass bottle , breaking it in the process . 
 that put the human down , which made him drop the suitcase . 
 surprisingly enough , it closed itself the moment it hit the floor . 
 that got the attention of the orc , and he started to turn towards lea , showing his surprised pig face . 
 then , lea quickly threw the trash can and hit the orc 's face , which made him drop the girl to her knees . 
 while the orc was staggered , lea quickly wrapped her tail on the orc 's left leg and pulled on it , making the orc fall on his back . 
 `` come on , we have to go ! '' 
 lea kept an eye on the orc , knowing that he wo n't stay down for long . 
 that snapped the girl back to focus and looked for the suitcase , which was close to her . 
 when she saw it , she grabbed the suitcase , and started to run . 
 the orc noticed that and got up quickly . 
 then , he tried to grab the girl , but lea saw that and used her tail to slap the orc 's hand away from the girl . 
 lea saw the girl run away , but lea did n't mind , since someone had to keep the orc occupied . 
 `` no wonder i did n't smelled you close by , you 're as dirty as shit , and smell like shit . '' 
 the orc finished with a snort , and anger could be heard in his voice . 
 `` you might as well give up , she probably escaped already or called for help . '' 
 said lea . 
 `` yeah , but i might as well take a little payback for throwing that trash can at me . '' 
 the orc cracked his knuckles , sending the message that he would n't leave until he got what he wanted . 
 `` then , let 's go down to hell . '' 
 lea had an edge in her voice , letting the orc know that she was ready for the battle . 
 lea knew that she was fairly weaker than the orc . 
 she would have to rely on her speed to bring the orc down . 
 the orc was bald , standing at least 8 ft. tall , black skin color with a pink snout , and standing pig ears . 
 the orc decided to attack first by charging towards lea and launched a right punch . 
 lea easily dodged to the left and grabbed his right foot . 
 then , she pulled it and made the orc fall face first . 
 the orc tried to get up , but lea struck the right side of the orc 's face with her tail . 
 unfortunately , the orc grabbed her tail with his left and pulled her towards him . 
 then , he struck lea 's mid-section with his right forearm , launching lea to the wall behind her and crashing to it . 
 while lea was down , the orc marched towards her , and once he got close enough , he launched a left punch . 
 fortunately , lea quickly recovered and moved just in time to dodge the punch . 
 lea knew that she needed something to hit him with , since her tail did n't seem to be doing a lot of damage to the brutish orc . 
 then , close to the trash can that she threw , she saw an old baseball bat , and all she needed to do was to grab it . 
 the orc was confident that he could win , so he charged at lea with a right punch again . 
 lea dodged the punch and quickly slid towards the bat . 
 lea grabbed it just in time as the orc grabbed her tail and pulled her towards him . 
 when lea was close enough to hit with the bat , she swung the bat down as the orc was preparing to deal the finishing blow . 
 the bat connected with the orc 's forehead , making him stagger back . 
 then , lea stood up and launched another swing , hitting him on the left side of his head . 
 that hit seemed to do the trick because the orc suddenly fell to the ground and did n't move . 
 `` this little piggy goes to sleep . '' 
 that was all lea said in her victory . 
 contemplating what she had done , it filled her with some pride . 
 not only did she defeated a gigantic enemy , but she saved someone . 
 she did something worthwhile for once in her life . 
 `` i hope the girl is alright . 
 well , i better leave before the cops get here and - '' before lea could finish that thought , she started to feel the effects of the attack that landed on her . 
 lea started to feel pain in her mid-section and felt dizzy . 
 she tried to slid away , but she needed to support herself with the walls of the alley . 
 `` man , did n't expect to be this weak ... that really affected me . '' 
 lea groaned in pain once it took full effect on her weakened body . 
 `` well ... i guess ... i can finally ... rest . '' 
 at that last thought , lea started to fall unconscious and was falling to the ground , but she did n't hit the ground . 
 someone caught her before she hit the ground . 
 `` hey ... me ? '' 
 lea heard someone , did n't know who it was , but she felt like she knew the voice . 
 `` who 's that ? 
 i heard that voice before . '' 
 lea turned her head towards the source of the voice and could barely see a face . 
 it was a beautiful girl , with long straight platinum blond hair , amber eyes , and light-olive skin color . 
 `` can ... hear me ? '' 
 the girl kept saying . 
 `` is that an angel ? 
 am i finally dead ? '' 
 the last thing lea remembered , was seen darkness before falling unconscious . 
 there was a human girl in an alley , in the middle of the night , holding an unconscious lamia . 
 the girl was n't very tall , standing at 5ft 7in , so the lamia was a little heavy for the girl , even though she was only carrying the upper body . 
 she actually ran away from the alley because she was been robbed by a couple of people , one human and one orc . 
 the girl managed to escape because the lamia fought against the robbers to save the girl . 
 knowing that , she decided to return to the alley , wondering if she could help the lamia against the orc that was left conscious . 
 in the end , the girl was n't needed because the lamia was handling the orc just fine . 
 not wanting to get in the way , the girl decided to hide outside of the alley . 
 then , the girl saw the lamia been launched to a nearby wall . 
 the girl thought of calling the police , but they might take too long to arrive , especially in a poor area of the city . 
 if there was no other option , she would give the money in return for their safety , but at that moment , all she could do was pray and hope that the lamia could defeat the orc . 
 fortunately , the lamia defeated the orc by striking him with a baseball bat . 
 once the girl was sure that the orc was n't going to get up , she revealed herself , and started to approach the lamia . 
 then , the girl saw the lamia stagger and hold herself on a nearby wall . 
 that was when the girl tried to help the lamia up , but in the end , the lamia fell unconscious . 
 `` oh no , oh no , what should i do ? 
 wait , i know . '' 
 she decided to call someone else for help , so she pulled out her cellphone and made a call . 
 the other person answered . 
 `` hey , julie . '' 
 a friendly male voice could be heard from the other side of the phone . 
 `` nick , thank god you answered ! 
 listen , i need you to come and pick me up , bring the van with you . '' 
 nick could hear desperation in julie 's voice and it made him worry . 
 `` yeah , i 'll be right there . 
 where are you ? '' 
 `` 5th street and alamo . '' 
 julie started to calm down , knowing that someone was coming to help her . 
 `` got it , i 'll be there as soon as i can . '' 
 with that said , nick hanged up . 
 `` i hope he gets here soon . '' 
 julie knew that the robbers might get up anytime soon , so she tried to carry the lamia outside of the alley and walked to a nearby corner , while also carrying the suitcase . 
 julie waited with the lamia on her shoulder , and no one was paying attention to them . 
 for the people around them , they might be just friends that had been drinking all night and the lamia was too drunk to stand up . 
 there were bars close by , so they could have gone inside one of them . 
 nick arrived shortly with the van . 
 he came out of it , and walked towards julie , noticing that she was holding an unconscious lamia . 
 nick was a lizardman , with green scales on his body , yellow eyes , and no hair . 
 he had a tail coming out from the back of his pants through a hole . 
 he was in his early 30 's , but he did n't look like it , he looked more like in his late 20 's instead . 
 lizardmen were half-human , half-reptile , resembling a type of lizard . 
 in some countries , they were believed to be gods . 
 others believed them to be monsters . 
 the male lizardmen had more characteristics of a lizard than human . 
 they had the lizard eyes , the tail , the tongue , the head of a reptile , cold blood , claws , and scales instead of skin . 
 their female counterparts had a more human-looking face and body , but still kept the scales around their arms and legs , claws , cold blood , and eyes . 
 what could be considered the biggest difference between them was that the female lizardmen actually had hair , while males did n't have any hair , they were practically bald . 
 since they had cold blood , they preferred hot and dry places , but they had spread out to other areas . 
 in modern times , they were seen as normal citizens , just like any other inter-species people . 
 `` julie , are you alright ? 
 who 's that you 're carrying ? '' 
 asked nick `` i 'm alright , nick , but we need to leave . '' 
 said julie in a hurry . 
 `` okay , you 're taking her with us ? '' 
 nick pointed at the lamia that julie was carrying . 
 `` yes , nick , i 'll explain later , but we need to go now . '' 
 that seemed to satisfy nick , and he helped carry the lamia towards the van . 
 while they were taking the lamia to the van , nick started to sniff the air , and cough with a face that showed disgust . 
 `` damn , she really stinks , you sure she 's a lamia and not some bag of manure ? '' 
 `` just hold your breath . 
 we 're almost to the van . '' 
 `` fine , but you better have some air spray . '' 
 once they put the lamia on the back of the van , julie decided to stay with the lamia . 
 `` should we take her to the hospital ? '' 
 `` i do n't think she has the money to pay for it . 
 just look at her , they might just ignore her . 
 let 's take her to our facility . 
 we might be able to help her . '' 
 nick looked skeptical about that . 
 `` if you say so , i hope we can . '' 
 nick started the van and drove away . 
 `` that makes two of us . '' 
 julie started to calm down , and started checking on the lamia . 
 the lamia did n't look well , not only was she attacked , but she seemed to be weak . 
 the only way julie could tell that the lamia was alive , was by the faint rising of the lamia 's chest , indicating that the lamia was breathing . 
 julie started to wonder just how long the lamia would keep breathing . 
 julie could only hope that the lamia could hold long enough , until they reached their destination . 
 `` did you call the cops ? '' 
 `` no , they might have taken too long to arrive , especially those in this area . '' 
 julie had dealt with them before , and they did n't seem to take their jobs very seriously . 
 `` true enough . '' 
 nick kept driving ahead . 
 `` i hope everything goes well . '' 
 lea did n't know where she was , but she felt comfortable . 
 she did n't feel pain anymore , she felt better than before . 
 lea woke up inside a white room , and looking at the ceiling . 
 she realized that she was sleeping in a bed , surrounded by yellow curtains . 
 the bed was large enough for her . 
 she occupied the entire bed with her tail on the left side of the bed . 
 lea started to look around her space , and then , she looked to her right , where she saw a girl sleeping on a chair . 
 lea thought that the girl was very beautiful : long blond hair , smooth light-olive skin . 
 `` like an angel ... wait a minute . '' 
 lea realized that the girl sleeping beside the bed was the girl that lea saved back at the alley . 
 `` did she brought me here ? 
 did she helped me ? '' 
 it was a little shocking for lea because in her entire life as a homeless , no one really helped her before . 
 people did n't care about her , but the girl did . 
 `` maybe , she just wanted to pay me back , but she could have just left me in the alley . '' 
 just as lea finished that thought , the girl started to wake up . 
 the girl slowly opened her eyes , getting a grasp of where she was . 
 then , she straightened up on her chair and stretched , pushing her chest forward , which let lea take a good look at the girl 's breasts . 
 it was easy to tell that they were well shaped c-cups . 
 after finishing her stretching , the girl focused her eyes on lea and realized that she was awake . 
 `` thank goodness you 're awake , how are you feeling ? '' 
 asked the girl with sincere worry . 
 `` g-good . '' 
 lea started to feel shy with the girl , especially when she was so beautiful and she was looking at lea with those deep amber eyes . 
 `` a beautiful girl like her is worried about people like me ? '' 
 `` glad to hear that , you looked pretty bad when we brought you here , especially when the orc launched you against the wall . '' 
 `` do i have something broken ? '' 
 `` just some bruises , you mostly fainted because of malnutrition and dehydration . 
 the doctor had to give you enough serum to help you get some strength back . '' 
 the girl gave lea a smile , happy to know that lea did n't have anything serious . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 lea kept feeling shy , even if the girl had that smile on her face . 
 `` oh no , do n't worry about it , the doctor did the whole work . '' 
 after the girl said that , they fell in silence . 
 they did n't know what else to say . 
 lea did n't want to end the conversation , so she thought of asking questions . 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 `` you 're in the infirmary of a group home . 
 i did n't think it would be good to drop you in a hospital . 
 considering that you would n't be able to pay them back . '' 
 `` group home ? '' 
 `` yeah , you could say that it 's a type of orphanage , but they prefer to call it group home . 
 we take care of children until they can go out into the world or are adopted by other families . '' 
 `` that sounds nice . '' 
 lea started to sit up . 
 `` are you sure you 're alright ? '' 
 `` do n't worry , i feel better now , see ? '' 
 lea got out of bed with a smile , stood up , and moved her body to show that she was okay . 
 `` glad to see you up and moving . '' 
 the girl 's smile returned , and again , they fell silent . 
 with nothing else to talk about , lea said . 
 `` well , i guess , i should be going now . '' 
 then , lea started to slide away . 
 after seeing that , the girl stood up , and asked . 
 `` wait , are you hungry ? 
 do you need something ? '' 
 after the girl said that , lea put her hands in front of herself and said . 
 `` no no , it 's alright , i do n't want to impose on you . 
 no more than what i already have . '' 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 come on , we 're serving breakfast right now . '' 
 the girl gave lea a gentle smile , grabbed one of lea 's hands , which caused lea to start blushing , and pulled her out of the infirmary . 
 lea was actually hungry , but did n't want to say it because she thought that she did n't matter to anyone . 
 `` but , she worries about me , i matter to her . 
 i do n't want this to end so quickly , but i do n't want to take advantage of her . '' 
 thought lea . 
 `` oh , i almost forgot , my name is julie , julie johnson . 
 what 's your name ? '' 
 julie felt sheepish because she could n't believe that she almost forgot to introduce herself to her savior . 
 that made lea smile in return . 
 `` i 'm lea , lea anderson . '' 
 `` nice to meet you , lea . '' 
 `` nice to meet you too . 
 she 's so nice to a complete stranger like me . 
 it 's almost hard to take . '' 
 they came out to the living room , and lea could see that she was inside a 2-story building . 
 a reception desk was located in a corner of the living room . 
 the desk was located on the corner to the left of lea . 
 a corridor was located to the right of the desk , and the left wall had a double-entry door , which was the main entrance . 
 lea looked at the living room , which had its walls painted in a beige color . 
 the floor was covered in vinyl sheets that looked like wood , and lea could see that there was a carpet in the middle of the room . 
 over the carpet , were 4 couches , which formed a perfect square . 
 on the ceiling , there was a gold-painted chandelier hanging over the couches , which was turned off at the moment . 
 on the right wall , there were 2 stairs , one that led to the second floor and one that led downstairs , which lea believed to be the basement . 
 in the middle of the stairs , was a door , but lea did n't know what that room was . 
 on the wall in front of lea , was a double-entry door , and to the left of the door was a corridor . 
 lea and julie kept moving straight , reaching the double entry door , which had a sign at the top that said ` cafeteria ' . 
 they both passed through the door and entered the cafeteria . 
 the cafeteria was large , filled with round and long tables , which had different amounts of chairs that people could move around . 
 at the end was the kitchen , which had a few people cooking , and the pickup area was right in-front of it . 
 the cafeteria had three doors , one on the left wall , one on the right wall , and a third door was close to the corner to the right of lea . 
 there were people already eating inside the cafeteria , from children to teenagers . 
 there were many different species and races , from humans to inter-species people , lamias , harpies , centaurs , lizardmen , and even some mermaids were in there . 
 mermaids were considered one of the most beautiful beings in the world , which was not always a good thing . 
 in ancient times , they were captured because of that beauty , but there were other reasons for it . 
 some believed that drinking the blood of a mermaid would give immortality . 
 others believed that it was the flesh . 
 some believed that it would give them eternal youth . 
 all of them wrong , which made the mermaids hide from human eyes as much as possible . 
 mermaids had the well-known half-fish from the waist down , gills on the side of the abdomen , which allowed them to breath under water , the ability to resist cold temperatures , and they could swim in either sea water or clean water . 
 they actually had a male counterpart call mermen , which was pretty much the same as the mermaids . 
 when on land , they usually go around with a wheelchair or other means of transportation . 
 once they were inside the cafeteria , other kids noticed them , and greeted them . 
 `` hi , julie . '' 
 `` good morning , julie . '' 
 all the kids started to greet her with smiles on their faces . 
 `` morning , everyone , how 's breakfast today ? '' 
 greeted julie , who returned their smiles with one of her own . 
 `` do n't be silly , julie , it 's always good . '' 
 a cyclops child tried to make his voice sound funny , which julie thought that it was adorable . 
 cyclops looked very human , except for the single big eye instead of two . 
 `` glad to hear that , i just like to tease her like that . 
 i 'm going to get something for us . '' 
 a child elf noticed lea and pointed at her with a finger . 
 `` who 's that , julie ? '' 
 asked the young elf . 
 `` oh , i almost forgot , this here is lea . '' 
 julie presented lea to the kids . 
 `` hello , ms. lea . '' 
 the children greeted with that same smile . 
 `` hello . '' 
 lea greeted back with a small wave of her hand . 
 `` okay , why do n't you take a seat while i go and get us something to eat ? '' 
 julie tried to make lea feel comfortable with a gentle voice . 
 `` okay . '' 
 with that said , julie left to get breakfast and lea looked around for a table . 
 once she found one , she took a seat , and waited for julie to come back . 
 julie walked up to the kitchen and greeted one of the cooks . 
 `` hey , lucy . '' 
 the cook heard the cheerful tone of julie and turned around . 
 `` good morning , julie ! 
 we have some pancakes and waffles left if you would like some . '' 
 lucy , a female minotaur around her 40 's , showed julie the food that was left . 
 just like every single time , lucy was always happy to see julie . 
 female minotaurs actually have more human characteristics than their male counterpart . 
 the female had a human face , but they had smaller horns and the fur in their ears , tails , and on their legs , was the color of a cow . 
 `` give me both . 
 i 'm actually eating with a guest of mine . '' 
 `` oh , you mean the lamia that you brought here last night . '' 
 that surprised julie . 
 she thought that no one would know about lea so fast . 
 `` how did you found out about it ? '' 
 `` oh please , everyone in the staff knows about her . 
 word comes around , you know ? 
 why did you bring her here , though ? '' 
 `` she saved me from some robbers when i was on my way to the bank , so i 'm just trying to repay the favor . '' 
 `` that 's really nice of her , what 's her name ? '' 
 lucy was starting to like lea . 
 `` her name is lea . '' 
 `` that 's a nice name , and on top of that , easy to remember . 
 where is she ? '' 
 lucy was so curious , that she started looking around the cafeteria . 
 `` she 's right there , at the corner . '' 
 julie pointed at the corner that she was talking about . 
 `` oh , i see her . '' 
 lucy could guess why lea decided to sit in a corner . 
 `` she seems to be the shy type , but by the sounds of it , a good kid . '' 
 `` i can tell you more about her later . 
 i do n't want to keep her waiting for long . '' 
 `` okay , i really would like to know the details about your intrepid friend , who saved you from the claws of evil villains . '' 
 lucy started to giggle about it . 
 it was n't that she did n't believe julie , but lea did n't seem to be the valiant type . 
 `` oh hush , you . '' 
 they both shared a laugh together . 
 then , lucy took her leave to prepare a plate for julie and her guest . 
 once lucy got the plates ready , she set them on a tray , and julie took it to her table . 
 it really pleased lucy to see julie having some friends . 
 `` it 's really nice to see that kind of thing , especially in these hard times . '' 
 lea was looking at everything around her , she was looking at the children talking with each other , and laughing with each other . 
 it was a happy place for them . 
 `` i wonder who is the owner of this place . '' 
 then , julie arrived with their plates . 
 julie gave a plate to lea , and then , julie grabbed her own . 
 `` okay , lea , food 's ready . 
 man , am i starving . '' 
 said julie , and after that , she started to eat . 
 she had scrambled eggs with ham , strips of bacon , sausage links , and 2 toasts with coffee as her drink . 
 lea 's plate had 3 pancakes . 
 the other plates had 2 pieces of ham , 3 medium cooked eggs , toasts , and waffles . 
 it was like a buffet on their table . 
 lea 's mouth started to water just by looking at it . 
 `` i do n't remember the last time i saw this much food . '' 
 thought lea , and then , she asked . 
 `` is this for me ? '' 
 `` of course , you must be hungry after sleeping with nothing but those serums . '' 
 answered julie with a smile . 
 lea gave a nod as an answer and grabbed a fork that julie brought . 
 then , lea cut a piece of a pancake , put it in her fork , and bit on it . 
 `` oh , i forgot about the syrup , let me - '' julie stopped mid-sentence because of something unexpected . 
 tears started to fall from lea 's eyes . 
 fortunately , they were far from the rest of the people in the cafeteria , so no one could see the scene . 
 `` hey , lea , what 's wrong ? 
 you did n't like it ? '' 
 julie started to worry , she was n't sure why lea was crying , but believed the food to be the cause . 
 lea shook her head and kept putting food into her mouth . 
 lea managed to answer with food in her mouth . 
 `` it 's very good . '' 
 lea 's tears were still streaming down her face . 
 after that , lea wiped her eyes and kept eating . 
 that was the most food she had ever gotten in a long time . 
 most of the time , she found whatever she could in a trash can , or she would buy it from a store , but not enough to get her full . 
 julie smiled , understanding that there was no problem and lea was just happy to be eating . 
 after eating a little bit , julie started to smell something strange . 
 julie sniffed around , and discovered that lea smelled really bad . 
 `` hey , lea . '' 
 `` hm ? '' 
 lea responded while eating . 
 `` when was the last time that you took a bath ? '' 
 julie and nick just threw some spray in the air when they took lea into the house , and on lea . 
 the effects of the spray must have run out . 
 lea started to think about the last time that she took a shower , and could n't remember the last time she took one . 
 then , she swallowed what she had in her mouth and answered . 
 `` i do n't remember . '' 
 julie did n't respond to that . 
 she just kept staring at lea with a perplexed view . 
 `` do i smell that bad ? '' 
 `` no , not at all , but it would help that you take a shower . '' 
 julie could barely resist the smell coming from lea . 
 julie was sure that anyone passing by could smell lea , but julie did n't have the heart to say that . 
 `` you can take it after breakfast . 
 i 'll take you to a bathroom . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 lea started to relax , knowing that she did n't cause any serious trouble to julie . 
 lea did n't have any problem about taking a shower , nor did she had any problem about her smell . 
 of course , she would take a shower just to avoid causing any problem to anyone . 
 after that , they fell silent again , until julie realized something . 
 she did n't know much about her savior , except her name . 
 julie thought that it might be a good moment to ask some questions , since lea appeared to be in a good mood . 
 `` so , lea , where were you born ? '' 
 `` in california . '' 
 `` how did you end up in the streets ? '' 
 that question might have been too personal because lea stopped eating for a moment . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i just ... i do n't want to talk about it . '' 
 julie could barely hear a painful tone in lea 's voice . 
 `` oh no , do n't worry , you do n't have to answer if it 's too personal . 
 sorry about that . '' 
 `` it 's okay , what about you ? 
 where do you live ? '' 
 `` i actually live here . 
 my parents died in a car accident when i was a little girl . '' '' 
 ... i 'm sorry . 
 i should n't have asked that . '' 
 lea started to feel sad about that and looked down . 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 it was a long time ago . '' 
 julie gave lea a smile , which made lea start to feel better and made her lift her gaze . 
 `` so , you ended up here ? '' 
 `` not really , i was sent to other places before , but they were different . '' 
 `` what do you mean by different ? '' 
 `` the staff of those places did n't really care about the orphans , they simply did their jobs and that was it . 
 they did n't connect with us . '' 
 julie started to look at her coffee with a thoughtful look . 
 `` was it really that bad ? '' 
 `` enough to make me a very reserved person , and very suspicious of adults . 
 some of the staff tended to abuse the orphans . 
 some would go so far as hitting them . 
 i remember trying to defend the younger orphans from the adults . '' 
 that seemed to be a sensitive subject for julie because she started to get a little upset about it . 
 `` i thought of hurting them , making them feel the same pain that the other orphans felt . 
 there was this one time when i was about to attack a worker out of revenge , but in the end , i did n't '' `` why ? 
 what stopped you ? '' 
 `` a little kid . 
 a little kid that i wanted to avenge , but i saw the look of fear in his eyes . 
 the surprising thing about that , is that i was the cause of his fear . '' 
 julie started to calm down after remembering that . 
 `` i started to realize that violence was a horrible thing . 
 it did n't solve anything , it simply caused more violence , and it turned people into monsters . '' 
 julie looked into lea 's eyes and noticed that lea was getting depressed . 
 `` anyways , that 's why i do n't like , do n't approve , and do not condone violence . 
 you could say that it turned me into a hippie . '' 
 after julie said that , she gave a peace sign with a smile on her face . 
 `` did they sent you here after that ? '' 
 `` they sent me to other places before arriving here . 
 no one would adopt a little girl like me , so they sent me to other homes just to get rid of me . '' 
 julie gave a small laugh when she finished saying that . 
 `` what about here ? 
 was it better ? '' 
 `` much better , i did n't believe it at first . 
 this is where i met her . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` mataya , the previous owner of this house . '' 
 `` what happened to her ? '' 
 `` she passed away from natural causes . 
 she was around 90 years old at the time . '' 
 `` sorry to hear that , what was she like ? '' 
 `` she was very caring about everyone , not only with orphans , but with the workers too . 
 she was very spiritual too , talking about spirits and higher powers . 
 she was a short person , with brown hair , white skin , and brown eyes . 
 when i arrived here the first day , i did n't trust her . 
 i thought she would be no different than the rest of the adults . '' 
 julie started to look at her coffee again . 
 that was a long memory for her , and a good one too because she kept smiling . 
 `` she would always give this smile to everyone , always greeting them , always been nice to everyone , and i thought it was all a lie . 
 i would n't talk to her or i would avoid her . '' 
 `` what did she do to change your mind ? '' 
 `` she just kept talking to me , she did n't try to avoid me or ignore me , she just kept trying . 
 one day , i asked , ` why do you talk to me ? ' '' 
 `` what did she said ? '' 
 `` she said , ` because i want to know you ' . 
 she simply wanted to know me . 
 no one really cared who i was . 
 everyone else just wanted me to live so that someone could adopt me . 
 after that , we started to get closer , to the point where i would see her as a mother to me . 
 so , i started to live here , went to school and everything . 
 mataya passed away a year ago . '' 
 that made julie a little sad , and lea could see that julie really loved mataya . 
 `` so , do you know who the new owner is ? '' 
 `` oh , i know her very well . '' 
 julie was giving a smile to lea . 
 `` really , when could i meet her ? '' 
 julie started to giggle . 
 `` you 're actually looking at her . '' 
 that surprised lea , and julie could see it on lea 's face . 
 `` she 's really cute . '' 
 `` you 're the owner ?!?! '' `` i know , i know , i look too young to own it , do n't i ? '' 
 `` well ... uhh . '' 
 `` it 's okay . 
 do n't worry about it too much . 
 a lot of people would be surprised to discover that a 19 year old girl owns a group home . '' 
 `` how did you get this place ? 
 that is , if you do n't mind telling me . '' 
 `` mataya inherited the house to me , since no one else seemed to care about it . '' 
 `` no one gave you problems for it ? '' 
 `` actually , they were okay with it . 
 they probably did n't want to deal with a lot of work . 
 what a lazy bunch . '' 
 julie giggled after saying that . 
 lea smiled and the both of them continued with their breakfast . 
 back in the kitchen , lucy was watching both girls conversing and eating together , which brought a smile to lucy 's face . 
 `` they really look like close friends . '' 
 thought lucy . 
 another cook in the kitchen approached lucy and was about to talk to her , but the cook noticed that lucy was watching the couple in the corner . 
 `` hey , lucy , is n't that julie and the lamia that she brought here ? '' 
 asked the cook . 
 `` yup . '' 
 `` they seem to be getting along very well . '' 
 the cook liked the scene between them . 
 `` they do . 
 julie needed something like this to brighten her day . '' 
 `` yeah , you 're right about that . 
 by the way , did n't you know that it 's rude to be spying on people ? 
 you 'll look like a stalker or something . '' 
 `` oh quiet you and get back to work , we got some mouths to feed later on . '' 
 lucy playfully glared at the cook and started cleaning some dishes . 
 the cook simply laughed at that . 
 `` yeah , yeah , i 'm going . '' 
 with that said , the cook left . 
 the little joke actually brought a smile to lucy 's face . 
 `` i sure am going to miss this place . '' 
 lucy simply hoped that she did n't start too soon . 
 after lea and julie were done , they put their plates and the tray away . 
 then , julie took lea to the living room . 
 `` okay , lea , as we said , you can take a shower in one of the bathrooms . '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` all right , follow me . '' 
 julie started walking to the stairs that go to the second floor , and lea started to follow her . 
 they go up the stairs and they reached a corridor , which went left and right . 
 the walls and floor of the second floor seemed to be the same as the living room , but it had a long carpet in the middle of the corridor . 
 the ceiling had lights that were turned off at the moment because the ceiling also had skylight windows , which let some sunlight in . 
 they started to move to the right of the stairs and they quickly stopped . 
 lea saw a door on both the left and right . 
 the door on the left had a black sign with printed gold-colored letters that said ` director 's office ' . 
 the door on the right had no sign on it , which made lea believe that it was a bedroom . 
 julie turned towards the door on the right and said . 
 `` well , this is my room . '' 
 julie pulled some keys out of her pocket , and opened the door . 
 `` come on in . '' 
 julie kept the door open so that lea could slide in . 
 `` thank you . 
 this is her room ? 
 i wonder what it looks like . '' 
 lea slid into the room , and the inside was n't as impressive as she thought it would be , but it looked nice . 
 in the far left corner , there was a single twin-size bed . 
 right next to the bed , was a 4 drawer chest with a lamp and photos on top of it . 
 the ceiling had a skylight window , and on two of its sides , were two lights . 
 on the near left corner was a cabinet with a large tv . 
 on the near right corner was a closet , with a mirror on its right . 
 on the far right corner , was a desk with a computer on it and a trash can to its right . 
 on the wall in front of lea was a door . 
 `` your room looks nice , and cozy . '' 
 lea started feeling comfortable just by looking around . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 responded julie with a smile . 
 `` the bathroom is through the door straight ahead . '' 
 julie pointed to the door . 
 `` and while you shower , i 'm going to get you some new clothes to change into . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 answered lea with a smile , slid towards the bathroom , and went in . 
 the bathroom looked simple . 
 there was a toilet , a sink with a mirror , and a bathtub with a shower and with a curtain . 
 lea started the shower and waited for the water to get hot , since lamias prefer warm temperatures . 
 meanwhile , julie left her room to get clothes for lea . 
 after getting some clothes for lea , julie was walking back to her room . 
 julie reached the door of her room , but someone stopped her from going inside . 
 `` julie . '' 
 it turned out to be her friend , nick , who had a serious expression on his face . 
 `` hey , nick , what 's up ? '' 
 asked julie . 
 `` we need to talk . 
 it concerns the ` problem ' . '' 
 julie quickly knew what problem he was talking about , but she did n't want to talk about it in the corridor . 
 `` we 'll talk in my room . '' 
 responded julie with a business tone . 
 after that , julie and nick walked into her room . 
 `` i hope there 's some good news . 
 i do n't think we can take any more problems than what we already have . '' 
 at that moment , julie forgot that lea was in the bathroom , put the clothes on the bed , and prepared herself for what she was going to hear . 
 lea heard a door opening , figuring that it might be julie bringing clothes for lea , but before lea could open the door , she started to hear voices in the other room . 
 lea did n't want to intrude , but she managed to hear something serious . 
 `` so , what 's the matter , nick ? 
 how bad is it ? '' 
 lea recognized julie 's voice . 
 then , a male voice that lea did n't recognized , answered . 
 `` really bad , according to the payments and the calculations that i made , it appears that we wo n't be able to pay the debt after all . '' 
 `` but , what about today 's payment ? 
 we delivered in time , did n't we ? '' 
 `` we did , but it only got us another year at best . 
 if we are lucky , we might go another one , but we will eventually run out of time and money . '' 
 `` we ca n't pay another year . 
 we simply do n't get enough as before . 
 we can barely pay our staff and our food . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , julie , but that 's how it is . 
 i know that you do n't want to close this place , neither do i , but we do n't have an option . '' 
 nick paused , knowing that it was going to hurt julie . 
 it was n't necessary , the idea itself was already tearing her apart . 
 `` how am i going to tell everyone that i may have to sell the house , especially the kids ? '' 
 julie was close to tears by the very idea of having to fire everyone and send the kids away to other houses . 
 then , after julie said that , they heard a gasp inside the bathroom , and julie knew who it was . 
 `` lea ? '' 
 with that said , lea did n't see any point in hiding behind the door , so she came out of the bathroom . 
 `` lea , were you listening the whole time ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 answered lea , who was ashamed of that . 
 nick decided that it was best to end the conversation . 
 `` i better get going . 
 we can talk about it another time . '' 
 with that said , nick took his leave . 
 the room fell silent afterward , until lea decided to at least apologize for eavesdropping . 
 `` sorry , i just heard voices and did n't want to interrupt , but i let my curiosity get the best of me . '' 
 `` it 's alright . 
 it 's not that big a secret anyways . 
 before you woke up , i went to the bank to deliver a payment , but it turns out that it was n't enough . 
 people are n't adopting as much and donations were reduced because of the financial crisis that happened a while ago . 
 at this rate , i 'll have to sell the house . '' 
 julie looked at the photos on the drawer . 
 one of the photos had a picture of julie as a teenager with the previous owner , mataya . 
 `` is n't there something that could be done , another way to pay the debt or at least get more time ? '' 
 `` do n't worry about it , we 'll find another way to deal with this . 
 that was really nice of her . '' 
 to make lea feel better , julie gave a smile , making the situation look less serious . 
 lea decided to just listen to julie and headed back to the shower . 
 then , julie remembered something . 
 she forgot to give lea the new clothes . 
 julie grabbed the clothes and got into the bathroom without knocking . 
 the moment julie opened the door , she got a big surprise because lea just finished undressing to get into the shower . 
 julie could n't deny it , she enjoyed the view . 
 lea had lost some of her muscles , but she was fit enough to impress . 
 lea 's waist was slim , her skin looked smooth , her stomach was taut , and her breasts had a nice shape and firmness . 
 due to lamias having a tail instead of legs , the anatomy of the lower body was different from female humans . 
 lamias still had the pelvis , but the lips of the ` special ' part were facing forward . 
 in short , the ` entrance ' was facing forward instead of downwards , and julie had a good look at it . 
 `` damn . '' 
 is all julie could think and her cheeks started to gain a blush , just like lea 's cheeks . 
 coming back to her senses , julie quickly turned her head away and presented the set of clothes for lea . 
 `` sorry , i was just trying to bring you clothes . '' 
 lea quickly grabbed a towel and covered herself . 
 `` it 's alright . 
 i forgot to lock the door . 
 it 's my fault . '' 
 lea started to reach for the clothes , but julie moved . 
 `` let me just put them - '' julie walked forward and tripped over lea 's old clothes . 
 lea quickly moved forward and caught julie . 
 anyone else would think that they were having some ` private ' moment , but it was nothing like that . 
 their bodies were touching , but julie had her clothes and lea had a towel around her body . 
 lea was hugging julie , while julie had her arms in the air , holding the clothes . 
 their faces were centimeters away from each other , and they were looking at each others ' eyes . 
 julie could see the deepness of lea 's eyes , like looking at the ocean , while lea could see the brightness of julie 's eyes . 
 it was a very awkward moment for the both of them , so they quickly moved away from each other , blushing because of the embarrassing moment . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 lea knew that julie was n't hurt , she just wanted to sound worried to make the situation less awkward . 
 `` y-yeah , here are your clothes . '' 
 responded julie while looking at the clothes as she handed them to lea . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 unable to stay in that awkward moment , julie started to leave the bathroom . 
 `` i 'll be outside if you need something . 
 take your time . '' 
 julie quickly regained her normal cheerfulness . 
 `` okay . '' 
 then , julie closed the door . 
 `` it felt good , to hug her . '' 
 outside , julie was thinking something very similar to that . 
 `` that felt good . '' 
 after that , julie decided to just rest and hope to cool off her head . 
 after that scene , lea took her shower without a problem and dressed in a blue shirt , new jeans , new briefs , and a new sweater . 
 the briefs were modified for the lamias . 
 it mostly focused on covering the front instead of the back because lamias did n't have ` cheeks ' on the back . 
 if they needed to use the toilet to ` release ' , there was a hole in the lower part of their tail . 
 once she was finished dressing , she came out of the bathroom and found julie seating on her bed with a book in hand . 
 julie heard lea coming out of the bathroom , and julie lifted her gaze from the book to give her attention to lea . 
 they were both silent , remembering the awkward moment in the bathroom . 
 `` sorry ... about what happened . '' 
 said julie with a faint blush on her face , obviously embarrassed about it . 
 lea got one as well at the mention of it . 
 `` it 's okay , it was an accident . '' 
 lea started to rub the back of her head . 
 then , they fell into silence . 
 `` you know , you could stay here for the day . 
 of course , if you have nowhere else to go . '' 
 julie did n't know why she asked that , but she did n't feel like taking it back . 
 lea raised her hands in front of her and waved them . 
 `` no , no , it 's alright , i do n't want to cause any trouble here . 
 besides , you might have stuff to do , and i do n't want to get in the way . '' 
 `` are you sure ? 
 i can work some other time . '' 
 `` i 'm sure , do n't worry . 
 besides , you have to save as much money as possible to keep this place going . 
 i 'm just going to be another mouth to feed , a bigger one at that . '' 
 julie did n't want lea to leave , but julie did n't want to force lea to stay . 
 `` okay . 
 just ... take care , okay ? '' 
 `` okay , thank you ... for everything . '' 
 `` do n't worry , after saving me , it 's the least i could do . '' 
 answered julie with a smile . 
 `` well ... take care . '' 
 lea started to head towards the door , and once she grabbed the doorknob , julie got up from the bed and said `` i 'll see you again ? '' 
 julie did n't know why she would ask such a thing . 
 she had to focus on the house and the children living in it . 
 lea did n't know how to respond to that , but she gave an answer without thinking . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` you promise ? '' 
 lea did n't want to lie to julie by saying yes . 
 lea did n't know when she could see julie . 
 `` yeah , i promise . '' 
 lea did n't feel right doing a promise she might not keep , but it would put julie at ease , if only for a little while . 
 `` good bye . '' 
 lea left without looking back . 
 `` good bye . '' 
 julie gave a small wave , and started to feel all alone in her room . 
 `` i hope to see you again . '' 
 lea reached the stairs , and went down . 
 once she was in the living room , someone recognized lea , and said . 
 `` hey there , lea . '' 
 lea turned around and saw that it was the lizardman that was at julie 's room . 
 `` hello , uhh ... '' lea did n't know his name . 
 `` nick , just call me nick . 
 i 'm surprised julie did n't mention me , especially since i helped her bring you here . 
 talk about ungrateful , right ? '' 
 lea could tell that he was n't offended , he was joking around . 
 `` it probably slipped her mind . 
 anyways , thanks for helping me . '' 
 lea could see that nick was a good guy , so she felt at ease with him . 
 `` no problem . '' 
 nick gave a friendly smile to lea . 
 `` well , i got to go , have a good day , nick . '' 
 `` you 're leaving ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` well , you have enough problems as it is , and i do n't want to get in the way . '' 
 `` well , if that 's the case , i 'll walk with you . 
 i was already heading home for today . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 with that said , they head towards the door , and went outside of the house . 
 once outside , lea started to ask questions for nick . 
 `` is there really no way to save the house ? '' 
 `` you worry about it ? 
 or is it because of julie ? '' 
 after nick asked that , lea started to blush . 
 `` it 's not like that , we 're just friends . 
 besides , i do n't know if she likes girls . '' 
 `` oh , she likes them , believe me . 
 i know her well enough . '' 
 nick was okay with it . 
 `` she does ? 
 then , that explains it . '' 
 `` explains what ? '' 
 `` uh , nothing , do n't worry about it . '' 
 lea started to give a nervous giggle , hoping that nick would n't try to look further into it . 
 `` okay . 
 well , back to your question , we simply try to get this place going , but it 's getting hard , especially for julie . 
 if we are lucky , we might survive another year , 2 years at best . '' 
 `` i wish there was something that i could do . 
 after all that she did for me , it would be the least i could do for her . '' 
 `` i 'm sure your time with her was good enough , it might have lifted her spirits to keep going . '' 
 after hearing that , lea dropped her head . 
 `` i might have ruined it by leaving . '' 
 `` do n't worry . 
 it takes more than this to get her down . 
 besides , i 'm sure you can visit anytime that you like . '' 
 the knowledge that julie made a good friend with people like lea , brought a smile to nick . 
 `` lea looks very sincere about her wish to help . '' 
 they finally reached nick 's car . 
 `` need a lift ? '' 
 `` no thanks , i 'll just slide to the city . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 nick got into his car , and started the engine . 
 `` take care of yourself , and i hope to see you again , any friend of julie is a friend of mine . '' 
 `` thanks , you too , nick . '' 
 after their farewells , nick drove away . 
 lea started to head back to the city , back to her old life as another nobody . 
 at least she knew that someone in that house worried about her . 
 lea just slid around the city , doing nothing in particular . 
 while sliding around , she could n't let go of the knowledge that julie was having problems with her debt . 
 lea had been thinking of ways to help julie , but lea could n't come up with anything . 
 she only finished high school , and she never went to college , so she could n't find some job that could pay her enough . 
 she did n't know anyone that could lend her some money . 
 she did n't even have any friends to call for . 
 lea could only sit in a corner and beg for money , and even then , she had to worry about getting something to eat for herself . 
 lea quickly ran out of ideas because she did n't have many options to begin with . 
 after sliding around for a while , she decided to rest in a park nearby , and took a seat under a tree . 
 lea felt so worthless at that moment . 
 she could n't help the one person that made her feel something more than just trash on the street . 
 lea felt like she let julie down . 
 `` is n't there anything that i can do ? '' 
 lea slammed her fist on the ground , which it did n't hurt her because the ground was soft . 
 then , something hit her , looked at her closed fist , and she started to remember something . 
 lea remembered the one thing that she was actually good for , and it paid well too . 
 the one thing that made her famous enough to appear on tv , to get interviews , to be recognized . 
 it was also the one thing that turned her into a greedy , ignorant , and disrespectful person . 
 `` things will be different this time , i wo n't let it corrupt me , i wo n't let it change me again . 
 i will do it right this time . 
 i will do it for the right reasons , not just for myself . '' 
 once she realized that , lea got up , ready to help julie . 
 she was ready to return to the boxing ring . 
 chapter 2 : the return . 
 lea headed straight to the one place that could train her to become the world champion . 
 she headed to alonso 's gym , her previous gym . 
 it had been a long time since lea went back to the gym , she did n't know if the gym was still open , she could only hope that it was . 
 lea arrived to the street that the gym was located . 
 some mighty power answered her call because the gym was just across the street and it was still open . 
 it was the middle of the afternoon by the time lea got there , and she could see people in there . 
 even after knowing that , lea could n't go in , and she knew why . 
 she did n't left in the best terms with everyone . 
 sliding in just like that would have been a waste of time because they would kick her out of the gym , so she decided to do something else . 
 lea was going to wait for alonso to come out and try to talk to him alone . 
 if she managed to apologize and convince alonso to train her once again , lea was sure that she would get the championship belt in no time , or at least win some tournament . 
 while waiting , lea saw some of her old gym mates leaving the gym for the day . 
 the first person lea saw was salena , the one that greeted lea on her first day . 
 salena did n't seem to have changed much in the time that lea left . 
 lea could even see salena 's cheerfulness from afar . 
 the next one was alinda , who also looked the same . 
 alinda 's height did n't seem that much different from before either , she did n't seem to have grown even a single inch . 
 the feeling of alinda been royalty still floated around her , especially by her looks . 
 the last person that lea saw was hilda , who was also leaving the gym . 
 lea did n't notice it when they first met , but hilda had some buffed muscles . 
 lea felt good to see them doing very well , and she started to wondered about their boxing careers . 
 in the past , lea did n't pay attention to any of her gym mates . 
 she mostly kept to herself and ignored everyone , even her own coach . 
 lea was mostly focused on herself , she just wanted to keep winning her matches and become rich . 
 lea found it funny how it turned out , but she knew that she would n't make the same mistake twice . 
 if she deserved a second chance , she may be forgiven for the way she treated them . 
 lea waited all the way into the night , and alonso finally left the gym , which was the moment that lea was waiting for . 
 unfortunately , lea realized something very important . 
 she did n't know what to say to her previous coach , so lea just started following alonso and keeping out of his sight . 
 that continued for a while , until alonso turned left on a corner of the street . 
 lea followed him , but when she turned around the corner , alonso was waiting for her . 
 that surprised lea and made her stop in her tracks . 
 `` can you be so kind as to tell me , who are you and why are you following me around ? '' 
 alonso had a frown on his face . 
 lea still had nothing to say to alonso , so she said the only thing that came to her . 
 `` h-hello , coach . '' 
 lea greeted with a slight wave of her hand , while dropping her head to hide her face . 
 `` do i know you ? '' 
 `` well , i ... uh '' lea knew that it will turn out bad if alonso realized who she was , but it was too late . 
 alonso took a look at lea 's face and said . 
 `` you have some guts showing your face to me . '' 
 alonso started to glare at lea , which made lea lower her gaze to the floor . 
 she could n't look at alonso in the eye . 
 lea knew that she deserved that after the way she ended things with him . 
 `` coach , i - '' lea started to speak with shame in her voice . 
 `` i 'm not your coach , remember ? '' 
 the coach interrupted , making lea wince . 
 `` but , i - '' `` what ? 
 i do n't have all night , what do you want ? '' 
 alonso was starting to get impatient with her . 
 `` c-could you ... train me again , please ? '' 
 after lea asked that , the both of them went quiet , until he said . 
 `` you must be very pendeja if you think i 'm going to train you again . '' 
 answered alonso with a tone that was calling her stupid . 
 after that , alonso turned around , and started walking again . 
 after seeing that , lea started to get desperate , and started to follow him again . 
 `` coach , please wait . '' 
 `` there 's nothing more to talk about , so leave me alone and never show your face again . '' 
 alonso reached a bus that was grabbing passengers and got in . 
 lea had to stay outside , since she did n't have any money , and watched the bus drive away . 
 lea was n't sure what to do at that point . 
 alonso was her only chance to return to the boxing ring and reach the championship , but he was gone . 
 lea started to slide away , believing that it was all just a waste of time . 
 `` of course , what was i expecting ? 
 i was such an arrogant and greedy person . 
 what kind of sane person would like to work with someone like that ? '' 
 then , lea remembered the person that helped her , the person that smiled at her , the person that liked to be with her , the person that gave her a reason to return to the boxing world . 
 lea remembered julie and the wish to help her . 
 the knowledge lifted lea 's spirit and lea started to think of a way to change the alonso 's mind . 
 after thinking long enough , she climbed on top of a building , and rested for the night , ready to put her plan into action on the next day . 
 alonso was walking to his gym , ready to start another day of work , but he got an unexpected surprise . 
 across the street , sitting on the sidewalk , was the last person alonso wanted to see , which was none other than lea . 
 she was looking straight at him , but not making any attempts to slide towards him . 
 alonso could see that lea was wearing the same clothes from yesterday , but that was quickly put out of his mind because he could hardly care about it . 
 with that in mind , he grunted with a frown on his face , and entered his gym . 
 alonso figured that lea might leave later in the day to do whatever she did , and never go back to the gym . 
 at the end of the day , alonso started to close the gym , turning off the equipment , the lights , closing the doors , etc. . 
 after everything inside was done , alonso walked out of the gym and got a bigger surprise . 
 lea was still waiting across the street , just sitting on the sidewalk . 
 that bothered alonso , and it put a frown on his face again . 
 so , he just ignored her and went home . 
 the next day was the same for alonso , getting up from bed , dressing , eating , cleaning himself , leaving his home , getting into the bus , and heading to the gym . 
 once he reached the gym , he saw lea waiting at the other side of the street . 
 what was new for alonso was that lea was holding a cup and asking for money to the people walking by . 
 after watching that , alonso came to a conclusion . 
 lea was a homeless person and she wanted to be trained because she wanted to get money again . 
 with that in mind , alonso decided to put her out of his mind , disappointed into what lea had turn into . 
 then , he walked inside the gym and started his day like always . 
 the next day was the same , exactly the same . 
 alonso going back to work and lea sitting at the other side of the street . 
 that was taking effect on alonso because whenever he could , alonso would look outside of the window and see lea sitting on the same spot . 
 the members were noticing that alonso was distracted . 
 `` coach , is something wrong ? '' 
 said a dwarf as he approached alonso . 
 dwarfs were small people . 
 never above the 4 feet and 10 inches , but they were one of the most resilient inter-species people in the world . 
 except for the size , they were very human looking . 
 the only way to tell them apart , was with their strength and the male dwarf 's tendency to have a beard . 
 `` no , do n't worry about it . 
 go back to your training . '' 
 it was easy to tell that alonso was in a bad mood because he was distracted by lea , but the members never realized it . 
 that kept going for the rest of the day , lea sitting outside and alonso getting distracted by her . 
 alonso even thought of calling the police , but lea was n't doing anything but sitting outside and asking for change . 
 it was like any other homeless on the street , but alonso was getting tired of it . 
 that continued on and on , until on the seventh day , alonso got enough of it . 
 once the gym was close , alonso walked straight to lea with a frown . 
 once alonso reached lea , they stared at each other , but alonso felt something different about it . 
 lea did n't look at him with annoyed , smug , or angry eyes , but with eyes that were paying attention to him and were full of hope . 
 `` follow me . '' 
 after alonso said that , he started walking away . 
 lea got up and started following him . 
 along the way , they did n't speak a single word to each other . 
 lea did n't want to say anything that might ruin the chance to talk to alonso . 
 lea also kept her eyes to the ground , looking at alonso 's feet to know when to turn or stop . 
 after walking for a while , alonso entered a restaurant and lea followed him in . 
 they walked to a corner of the restaurant , took their seats , and waited . 
 lea was looking around the dinner , which did n't look expensive , but it did n't look cheap either . 
 it was a place where someone could get something decent to eat . 
 lea did n't look at alonso straight in the eye , while alonso was looking straight at lea . 
 then , an elf waitress greeted them with a smile on her face and gave menus to both of them . 
 elves were not that different from humans , except for their pointy ears and their love of nature . 
 both lea and alonso had different menus . 
 lamias ate more than a normal human because of their long bodies , so their menus included a lot of food . 
 fortunately , it was n't more expensive than human meals because it would be unfair for the inter-species people . 
 with that in mind , restaurants were given discounts when they bought food for certain inter-species people . 
 while alonso was looking at the menu , lea was looking for something cheap that she could buy , but she had very little money . 
 then , the waitress arrived at their table to take their orders , but lea did n't give her order . 
 instead , alonso ordered for the both of them . 
 he ordered a steak with vegetables and salad . 
 for lea , he ordered a club sandwich with fruits . 
 as for drinks , alonso ordered lemonade for the both of them . 
 after taking their orders , the waitress took the menus and left to give the order to the cook . 
 while waiting for their food , they did n't say a word to each other , which made it too tense for lea and it made her nervous . 
 lea was saved by the waitress arriving with their food , which would have been a good distraction , if it was n't for a little problem . 
 lea did n't know if she had to eat it . 
 she knew that she could n't pay alonso back and it would be rude to return it , since it was already made . 
 with that in mind , lea kept staring at her food , until alonso said . 
 `` it 's going to get cold if you do n't eat it . '' 
 alonso used a neutral tone , and after saying that , he continued eating . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 lea was n't expecting alonso to say anything , so she was caught by surprise . 
 `` your food . '' 
 alonso pointed at her plate with his fork . 
 `` it 's ... for me ? '' 
 the question annoyed alonso and he glared at lea . 
 after seeing that , lea quickly grabbed her food and started eating . 
 `` uh , yes , thank you . '' 
 her hands were clean because she went to the bathroom before alonso talked to her . 
 once they were done with their food , the tension rose up again . 
 then , alonso spoke with a neutral tone . 
 `` well ? '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` you got food and drink , why are you still sitting here with me ? '' 
 he thought that lea would leave after eating , but she was still in her seat . 
 `` i ... need you to train me , please . '' 
 lea 's eyes were pleading to him . 
 `` you 're still with that ? 
 why do you want me to train you ? '' 
 `` well , i need the money - '' lea was interrupted by alonso . 
 `` ahhhh , so that was it , you just wanted money again , right ? '' 
 `` no no , it 's nothing like that . '' 
 lea dropped her gaze to her hands on her tail . 
 `` someone helped me a while back and i just want to pay back the favor . '' 
 `` drug dealers ? 
 bank loans ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 no , please believe me . 
 it 's not with criminals or anything like that . '' 
 said lea , but alonso was n't convinced at all . 
 he thought that lea was just acting , so that he would accept training her again . 
 then , alonso thought of a plan to see if lea was been honest about it or not . 
 `` come to the gym tomorrow at midday , and then we 'll see if it 's true . '' 
 alonso used a neutral tone again . 
 with that said , alonso left the payment for the meal , his seat , and started to leave the restaurant . 
 `` uh , yes , i 'll be there . '' 
 lea did n't understand what alonso meant by it , but she was n't going to give up . 
 she was going to take any chance that she could get . 
 the next day , lea went to the gym at midday , and she could see that there were people inside the gym . 
 lea was n't sure if she wanted to meet her old gym mates , but alonso told her to go at midday , so she did n't have a choice . 
 gathering her courage , she opened the door , and slid in . 
 inside , she could see that everyone was focused on their training , and alonso was supervising everything . 
 once he noticed lea , he walked towards her . 
 `` so , you came after all . 
 come with me . '' 
 said alonso with a neutral face , and he started to walk towards the ring . 
 lea noticed three lamias that were waiting close to the ring . 
 lea knew those lamias , but did n't expect to see them all together again . 
 once lea and alonso were close enough , salena noticed them . 
 `` hey , coach , what did you gathered us here for ? '' 
 asked salena with a bored face . 
 `` calm down , salena , the coach must have a good reason to call us here . '' 
 said alinda with a civilized voice . 
 `` probably to test the new girl . '' 
 said hilda , who thought that the day was about to be interesting . 
 once lea and alonso reached the three lamias , salena started to talk to lea . 
 `` hey , are you the coach 's new member ? 
 the name 's salena . '' 
 salena greeted with the cheerfulness that lea remembered . 
 lea did n't know if she had to answer or not , but she thought that it was better to get it out of the way . 
 `` um , i-i 'm - '' lea started to say something , but alinda interrupted her . 
 `` salena , you 're too direct with people . 
 try to be more civilized . '' 
 `` she does look like the shy type . '' 
 hilda added with a friendly smile . 
 `` now that i look at her , she looks kind of familiar . '' 
 hilda started to look more carefully at lea 's face . 
 `` now that you mention it , she does look familiar to me too , but i do n't remember anyone looking like her . '' 
 said alinda , who crossed her arms and started to carefully look at lea . 
 `` really , have you guys seen her before ? '' 
 asked salena in curiosity , and that was when alonso said . 
 `` of course you 've met her before . 
 this is none other than lea anderson . '' 
 that was the biggest news that anyone could expect . 
 they even heard someone gasp in the gym . 
 the trio was silent , with a blank expression on their faces . 
 lea did n't know if that was bad or good , and she could n't believe that alonso would reveal her name like that . 
 `` h-hello . '' 
 lea gave them a shy wave of her hand . 
 the other members started to murmur . 
 then , someone broke the silence in lea 's group . 
 `` that 's a good one , coach , that sense of humor of yours - '' said salena , who was starting to laugh , but she quickly stopped when she saw alonso 's serious face . 
 `` what is the meaning of this , coach ? 
 what is she doing here ? '' 
 said alinda while pointing a finger at lea , showing her discontent all over her face . 
 hilda did n't say anything , but she had a frown on her face . 
 `` i-i ... '' lea started to panic at the sudden change , but alonso started to speak . 
 `` lea wants to join our gym again . '' 
 `` you ca n't be considering it , right ? '' 
 said alinda in disbelief . 
 `` i am , but with a condition . '' 
 then , alonso directed his attention to lea . 
 `` listen up , lea , you want to join the gym again ? 
 here 's how : if you avoid getting ko'ed against the three of them , then i 'll take you in . 
 if you fail , then you can forget about it . 
 think you can do it ? '' 
 lea knew that she could n't beat the three of them . 
 they have been training for a long time , while lea did n't pay that much attention when alonso was training her . 
 lea knew that , but she did n't want to give up and refused to give up . 
 `` i 'll try . '' 
 answered lea with resolve in her voice . 
 `` very well , go get your gloves while they get ready . '' 
 alonso pointed at the bandages and gloves close to a column , and lea slid there to get her equipment . 
 lea grabbed a pair of gloves and was about to put them on , but she was stopped . 
 `` oye , are n't you forgetting something ? '' 
 `` um ... '' lea tried to figure out what alonso was talking about , but failed to do it . 
 `` you actually forgot about it . 
 oye , fergus , go help her with the bandages . '' 
 alonso was n't surprised that lea forgot everything about using gloves . 
 `` all right , coach . '' 
 after fergus said that , he headed towards lea , and started to teach her how to wrap the bandages around her knuckles , fingers , and wrists to protect them . 
 `` now , you can put the gloves on . '' 
 `` uh , yes , thank you , sir . '' 
 said lea , which turned some heads towards her . 
 `` did she just say ` thank you ' ? '' 
 thought alinda in shock , and she tried to remember the first time that lea said those words to anyone . 
 then , fergus told her to put her breast protector , which looked like a bra . 
 she would have been told to pick up her hair and put it in a bun , but her hair was n't that long , so she let it loose . 
 after lea got her equipment ready , she headed to the ring , where alonso and the other lamias were waiting . 
 alinda 's hair was long , so she put it in a bun . 
 `` now , you 're going to fight them one by one , going from lower weight division to highest . 
 are you ready ? '' 
 asked alonso . 
 `` yeah , i 'm ready . '' 
 answered lea , and she started to get nervous . 
 `` good , your first opponent will be alinda . '' 
 after alonso said that , alinda slid into the ring . 
 both contenders were in the ring and all they were waiting for was the ring of the bell . 
 `` so , she wants to join the gym again ? 
 well then , i 'll make you regret that stupid idea . '' 
 thought alinda , who was more than ready to fight , especially if it meant preventing lea from joining the gym . 
 `` o-okay , this is it . 
 i 'm in the ring again , and i 'm going to fight alinda . '' 
 lea was nervous to be fighting with alinda because they did n't get along from the beginning . 
 `` she 's actually smaller than me , but she does n't look the least worried about it . 
 she 's more experienced than me , so i ca n't let my guard down . '' 
 before starting , alonso explained how the match would be held . 
 `` the matches will be the same as any other . 
 three minutes each round , three knockdown rules , but there will be a 3 minute rest in each for lea to recover as much as possible . '' 
 lamias fought as long as male humans because lamias were tougher than they looked . 
 their strong lower bodies gave them more stamina and toughness than a normal female human . 
 then , the signal came , the bell ringed , which started the fight . 
 they both came out of their corners and started to head to the middle of the ring . 
 alinda used an orthodox defense with the hands up , while lea did n't seem to have any type of defense . 
 it was obvious that lea did n't have any training because she was moving as if it was a street fight . 
 lea had her hands up , but the hands were too far apart , so it could be said that she was using a brawling style . 
 alinda had no problem seeing that . 
 `` this is absurd , how does she dare fight me as if i was another street thug ? 
 i 'll make her pay for that . '' 
 thought alinda , who felt a little insulted , but she knew that it would n't be smart to rush in because lea was heavier and had more power than alinda . 
 `` i 'll have to rely on counters to bring her down . '' 
 lea was thinking something different . 
 `` i have to be careful against her . 
 she 's a trained boxer after all , even if she 's smaller than me . '' 
 lea was cautious , but her face showed that she was ready to fight . 
 lea kept advancing , while alinda kept her distance . 
 `` i wo n't get anywhere by been scared . 
 i ca n't help her in this way . '' 
 with that thought , lea charged in and launched a right punch . 
 alinda dodged by moving to the left and struck with a left jab to the right side of lea 's head . 
 lea tried to hit back with a left punch , but alinda backed away , which surprised lea . 
 `` s-she 's fast , really fast , it was like she disappeared . '' 
 `` as expected , she 's too predictable . 
 this might be easier than i thought . '' 
 with that in mind , alinda stood her ground . 
 `` when i think about it , it did n't hurt as much as i thought it would . 
 i might be able to survive this round . '' 
 even with that knowledge , lea was careful against alinda because of her speed . 
 then , lea noticed that alinda was n't moving , she was standing still . 
 that caused lea to keep distance from alinda . 
 `` why is she standing still ? 
 she has space to move around . '' 
 lea did n't know if she should risk it or play it safe . 
 outside the ring , there were members watching the fight , and forgetting that they were supposed to be training . 
 they were also confused by alinda standing still . 
 `` why is she just standing there ? 
 is she trying to go into an in-fight ? '' 
 said one member . 
 `` no way , it 's obvious that they belong to different weight divisions . 
 maybe she 's scared of her . '' 
 said another member , and they continued on and on , but alonso knew better . 
 `` ca n't believe that they do n't know how alinda fights , after all the time they have been here . 
 she 's a sharp out-boxer . 
 she would n't do something as reckless as that . 
 she 's actually waiting for lea to attack . '' 
 thought alonso . 
 back into the fight , both lea and alinda were standing still , staring at each other . 
 alinda did n't want that to continue , so she made the next move . 
 alinda rushed in , which caught lea by surprise , and hit lea 's body with a left punch , followed by a right punch . 
 when lea tried to attack with a right punch , alinda quickly slid away . 
 lea did n't follow and stood her ground , but alinda did the same thing again . 
 alinda rushed in , gave another left and right punch to lea 's body , and moved away . 
 lea tried to strike , but she only hit air with a left punch . 
 lea stood her ground again , but that time , she was going to expect another combination to her body . 
 alinda rushed in and started with her right hand . 
 lea blocked the right punch with her left arm , and launched a right of her own , but she exposed her right side . 
 alinda dodged the right punch , and landed a left punch on lea 's liver , which made lea groan in pain . 
 that last punch let lea know that her defense was useless , which got her frustrated . 
 `` damn it , i ca n't just stand around or she 'll just attack me over and over . '' 
 thought lea , who did n't know it , but alinda wanted lea to attack . 
 `` come on , lea , just come in so i can finish you off . '' 
 thought alinda , whose wish was about to be granted . 
 lea saw alinda standing still again and took the opportunity . 
 `` i have to attack , i do n't stand a chance by been a sitting duck . '' 
 lea did something that she would regret doing , she charged in . 
 `` checkmate . '' 
 alinda was waiting for it . 
 lea started throwing a right punch towards alinda . 
 alinda quickly slid to the right , and landed a left hook on the right side of lea 's head . 
 lea did n't see it coming and took full damage from the counter , making her fall face down to the mat . 
 after seeing that , alinda simply slid to the neutral corner , confident that the counter ended the match . 
 `` it is unfortunate for you , but this shows that you do n't deserve to be here . '' 
 that did n't end the match because lea was still conscious , if only a little bit . 
 then , alonso started to count . 
 `` 1 ... 2 '' `` t-that hurt ... it really hurt . 
 everything ... feels dizzy . '' 
 thought lea . 
 she felt like falling asleep , her eyes were slowly closing . 
 `` it 's obvious ... that i ca n't hit her . 
 how can i ... win ? '' 
 `` 3 ... 4 ... 5 '' `` maybe ... it was a bad idea . 
 i should just ... give up . '' 
 then , lea snapped back to reality after having those thoughts . 
 `` wait , what am i thinking ? 
 i ca n't give up here , she needs my help . 
 i ca n't let it end here , i just ca n't ! '' 
 `` 6 ... 7 ... what the ... ? '' 
 alonso was n't the only one surprised . 
 alinda was shocked by the sight in front of her . 
 lea was getting up , but she was using the ropes . 
 `` impossible , i hit her perfectly on the side of her head , which should have shut down the brain . 
 how can she stand up ? '' 
 thought alinda . 
 she knew that her punches were weak against lea , so alinda used a counter because it relied on the power of the opponent . 
 in other words , lea got punched by her own fist , and yet , she was standing up . 
 it took a moment for lea to fully stand up and put her hands up . 
 `` i ... i can keep going . '' 
 said lea , but everyone could see that she had some damage on her , and only a minute had passed . 
 after hearing that , alinda came out of her corner and the fight continued . 
 lea knew that her punches were n't going to land as long as alinda could move around , so lea came up with a plan . 
 lea started to charge in , which alinda expected from lea . 
 `` if you want another counter , i 'll be happy to oblige . '' 
 thought alinda , and she waited for the punch , but that time was different because lea was n't showing signs of attacking . 
 `` wait , is she trying to get me in an in-fight ? 
 i ca n't let that happen . '' 
 alinda started to move away to keep distance from lea , but lea continued to follow alinda . 
 lea kept showing no signs of throwing any attack , which frustrated alinda . 
 `` i ca n't knock her down at this rate . 
 i have to lure her in . '' 
 alinda was waiting for the attack so much , that she did n't notice that she was trapping herself into a corner . 
 by the time that alinda noticed what was going on , it was too late because alinda 's back hit one of the corners . 
 `` what ? 
 when did i get here ? '' 
 then , she saw lea approaching . 
 `` was this her plan all along ? '' 
 alinda was surprised by that simple plan , and felt foolish for falling in it . 
 `` i got you . '' 
 thought lea , and she rushed in with a right punch again , which was heading to the side of alinda 's head . 
 alinda saw the punch coming and ducked it . 
 then , she slid to the right side to escape the corner . 
 `` that was close . 
 i do n't think i can take that kind punch from her . '' 
 alinda kept distance from lea , and alinda decided to pay more attention to her surroundings . 
 `` i almost got her , but i ca n't let it get me down , i have to keep moving . '' 
 lea started to charge at alinda , and tried to stay close as much as possible . 
 unfortunately , alinda was quick and was avoiding the corners . 
 lea kept chasing alinda , until alinda decided to rush in . 
 lea was waiting for that , so she started the motion to throw a punch with her left hand . 
 that time , it was n't a straight punch , it was a diagonal uppercut , and alinda was n't expecting that . 
 `` i 'm too close . 
 i ca n't dodge that in time . '' 
 alinda put her guard up , and lea landed the punch on alinda 's guard . 
 alinda was n't prepared for the power behind the punch . 
 once it landed , her guard was easily broken , and lea tried to launch another punch with her right hand . 
 those around the ring were surprised to see a guard breaking so easily . 
 the weight difference could n't be given all the credit . 
 there must be some large amount of strength behind lea 's punches . 
 `` this is it , please let it land . '' 
 unfortunately , it did n't land because alinda moved her head to the left , and slipped under the arm . 
 the next move surprised the members , and that move was alinda sliding far away from lea . 
 `` why did she slid away ? 
 she could have landed a good blow to lea 's side from that position . '' 
 one member said . . 
 `` maybe it was n't a good time to throw a punch at the body . 
 after all , their effects tend to take time . '' 
 another member answered . 
 salena did n't believe that to be the reason behind it . 
 `` alinda is n't the type to let that kind of opportunity slip by . 
 it does take time , that 's true , but hitting the liver tends to do more damage than regular body blows . 
 alinda might not have moved away as a strategy , but she might have gotten scared of lea 's punch . '' 
 thought salena . 
 she knew that very well because she had been training with alinda for a long time . 
 after seeing that , salena started to get worried about alinda . 
 back in the ring , alinda was getting away from lea , still feeling the power behind lea 's punch . 
 `` my goodness , what a ridiculous strength , my right arm almost went numb because of it . 
 it might have surprised me , but it wo n't happen again , there 's another punch that could end the fight quickly . '' 
 thought alinda , who was surprised but far from giving up . 
 alinda put her next plan into action . 
 she waited once again for lea to get close . 
 lea got confident because alinda moved away after taking a tremendous punch from lea . 
 `` i hit her , maybe not directly to her body , but i managed to hit her . 
 i can do this . '' 
 thought lea with her new found confidence . 
 then , she recklessly charged in and threw a right punch at alinda . 
 alinda ducked the punch and threw a left straight directly at lea 's body . 
 that punch landed where alinda wanted , directly on lea 's solar plexus . 
 lea instantly felt the effects of that punch . 
 she started to feel tremendous pain in her body , and that was n't the worst part . 
 lea also started to feel out of air . 
 `` what ... was that ? 
 i can hardly ... breathe . '' 
 lea froze because of the effects of the blow to her body and alinda did n't let the opportunity pass by . 
 alinda hit lea 's face with a right punch , which forced lea to back away . 
 `` i got her , the lack of air and the damage to the body will make her slow . '' 
 alinda started to charge in . 
 `` she 's coming , what do i do ? 
 what do i do ? '' 
 lea started to panic . 
 out of desperation , lea covered up by protecting her body with her forearms , and her head with her hands . 
 alinda saw that , but did n't care , and she started throwing punches . 
 lea saw the punches coming and prepared herself to block them . 
 alinda continued to launch lefts and rights . 
 lea continued to defend and block all the punches . 
 after blocking a few punches , lea started to move her upper body around while blocking , making it harder for alinda to hit lea . 
 `` wait , it 's not hitting , none of them is hitting . '' 
 lea was surprised and relieved at the same time . 
 alinda soon realized what was going on , which left her surprised . 
 `` she started to weave . 
 if that 's the case , then there 's no point in continuing this . 
 where did she learn this ? '' 
 alinda decided to slide back and started to think in another plan . 
 no one in the gym could believe it , but they saw lea use a good defense . 
 `` when did she learn that ? 
 had she boxed somewhere else ? '' 
 said one member . 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 she must have learned it by mistake . '' 
 said another member . 
 `` it does n't matter if it was a mistake or not , lea is using the defense like nothing . 
 she never paid attention when i was training her , so she never learned it from me . 
 i 'm surprised . 
 lea seems to be a fast learner , but to think she would learn that move out of nowhere . '' 
 thought alonso , and he started to realize that it was a good idea to put lea against them . 
 it would be easy to see her potential , but above all , her determination to fight . 
 lea realized what she was doing and decided to keep her arms closed . 
 `` this is working better than what i was doing . 
 i can do this . '' 
 thought lea , and she charged in while keeping the new defense . 
 alinda waited for the attack , but it did n't come , and she realized that lea was getting close . 
 `` she 's fighting in the swarmer style , but she was fighting like a brawler . 
 how can she change so quickly ? '' 
 alinda was surprised by that development . 
 once lea was close enough , she launched a left punch , but alinda dodged to the right and launched a right punch towards lea 's body . 
 lea 's left did n't have that much power behind it , which made it easy to pull back . 
 lea blocked alinda 's right punch with the left arm and quickly launched a right punch to alinda 's head . 
 alinda quickly used her left hand to block the incoming attack to her head , but lea 's punch sent her hand flying back to her face . 
 out of desperation , alinda decided to slide back , but lea pursued . 
 alinda threw a right straight at lea 's body , but lea covered her body and blocked it . 
 at that point , alinda realized something about the position of lea 's hands . 
 `` impossible , this looks like the peek-a-boo stance , where did she learned that ? '' 
 `` hey , that looks like the peek-a-boo , right ? '' 
 a member outside of the ring asked while pointing at lea . 
 `` now that you mention it , it does look like it . '' 
 while the members kept talking about it , alonso thought . 
 `` it looks like the peek-a-boo stance because it is the peek-a-boo stance , but i do n't think lea knows about it . 
 she might have used it without thinking . '' 
 after alonso finished that thought , he started to realize that lea seemed to be comfortable using it . 
 `` i 'll help her get use to it , if she manage to complete my challenge . '' 
 two minutes have passed and there was no sign of lea going down any time soon . 
 alinda was getting frustrated by the second because she could n't bring down someone who had no training in boxing . 
 `` what is this ? 
 this is humiliating , to be defeated by some street thug who ca n't tell a jab from a straight . 
 i wo n't let it end like this . '' 
 thought alinda , and she charged in . 
 alinda started to attack with quick hooks in hopes that those power shots would weaken lea 's guard and make lea attack . 
 lea decided to throw a left punch , but alinda dodged by slipping under the arm . 
 then , alinda moved to lea 's left and gave a 1-2 combination to lea 's ribs . 
 lea staggered and alinda launched two short uppercuts to lea 's body . 
 that made the pain come back to lea 's body , which made lea groan . 
 that did n't stop lea and she tried to attack again . 
 that made alinda slide back because she was n't expecting lea to retaliate . 
 `` impossible , what is driving her to keep going ? 
 why is n't she falling ? '' 
 it was starting to make alinda nervous , to the point of looking lea as if she was an abomination . 
 `` it really hurts , it hurts so much , but if i stop here , if i fall again , i might not get up again . 
 all i can do is just keep punching , or i 'll feel even more pain . '' 
 thought lea , who was determined to keep going , regardless of the pain . 
 she knew that it was getting bad for her , she had to keep punching , she had to keep moving forward . 
 otherwise , it would go back to how it was , lea becoming a worthless person and a failure . 
 `` i do n't want to fail again . 
 i do n't want to fail to the only person that gave me purpose . '' 
 that determination was driving her past her limit . 
 lea launched a diagonal right upper . 
 alinda dodged to the left and landed a right punch on lea 's face . 
 that made lea fall on her back , with alinda standing tall and heading back to her neutral corner . 
 `` damn , that must have done it . 
 she wo n't get up after that . '' 
 said one member . 
 `` it might be for the best . 
 those body blows were starting to look very painful . '' 
 another member added . 
 `` 1 ... 2 ... 3 '' alonso started to count . 
 `` they might be right , but for some reason , i just do n't feel like stopping the match . 
 why is that ? '' 
 alonso believed it to be the end , but he did n't realize that he wanted to see how far lea could go . 
 alonso strongly believed that it was n't all lea had . 
 `` finally , it 's over . 
 i might not like her at all , but this was becoming more inhuman that it already was . 
 i must admit , i was getting nervous from her abnormal endurance , but - '' alinda 's thoughts were interrupted by someone 's gasp . 
 turning around , alinda saw something that she would never forget in her career as a boxer . 
 right before her eyes , was lea standing up again . 
 `` n-no way , this is impossible , what is she made of ? 
 why is she standing up again ? 
 ca n't she see that it 's impossible to beat me ? '' 
 alinda could n't believe it , and her disbelief was shown on her face . 
 `` 4 ... 5 ... 6 '' alonso kept counting . 
 lea was showing that getting up was difficult for her , but she was still rising from the mat . 
 also , lea was breathing hard , showing that the strike was effective . 
 fortunately , lea was standing with her hands up , ready to keep fighting . 
 `` i ... i can ... keep fighting . '' 
 said lea , who was breathing hard , and her face was starting to show some signs of swelling , but not enough to block her view . 
 alinda was shocked to hear lea say that . 
 alinda landed enough body blows to take the air out of lea and cause tremendous pain . 
 no matter the species , lea should n't be able to keep fighting after taking that kind of punishment . 
 `` it does n't matter , she ca n't - '' alinda 's thoughts were interrupted by lea rushing in , catching alinda by surprise . 
 first , lea threw a left punch , and alinda dodged to the left , but lea quickly threw a right punch . 
 alinda blocked the next attack and the force drove her back . 
 `` how ... how can she keep throwing these powerful punches ? 
 is this the strength of a previous champion ? 
 no , i wo n't accept that , she 's no champion , and i will prove it . '' 
 alinda was determined to finish the fight and charged in . 
 alinda threw a left hook at lea 's body , but lea blocked it with the right arm . 
 then , alinda threw a right straight at lea , but lea blocked the attack with the left arm and threw a right punch at alinda . 
 lea barely missed because alinda slipped under the attack and hit lea 's head with a left jab . 
 lea was able to absorb the jab and kept standing . 
 lea started to rush in and alinda threw a left jab to keep lea away . 
 lea blocked it with the peek-a-boo defense without knowing it . 
 alinda knew the peek-a-boo very well , she had fought people using that type of defense , which was perfect for in-fighters , but lea did n't have any training . 
 alinda , who 's an out-boxer , was n't good against in-fighters and lea seemed to know that . 
 `` i have ... to stay close to her . 
 that way ... she ca n't attack properly . '' 
 lea could n't ignore all the damage that she had sustained , but her determination and wish to help julie helped lea to keep going . 
 unfortunately , even with her determination , lea had limits . 
 outside of the ring , everyone was watching in awe at the strength of a strange lamia , who could take a counter and still get up to fight back . 
 `` we got to admit it . 
 she 's doing pretty good on her own . '' 
 `` that 's true , i was thinking she would be clumsier or commit some foul , but she has n't done any so far . '' 
 `` she could become better if she joins . '' 
 `` if she can join . '' 
 said alonso , who did n't want to say it , but he had to admit that lea was doing pretty good . 
 `` if she had listened to me , she would have become better than this . '' 
 alonso was n't showing it , but he was starting to feel hope for lea . 
 then , the manager arrived at the gym . 
 `` hello , coach . 
 is alinda sparring with a new member ? '' 
 said alfred , who was always happy to see new potential members . 
 alonso turned his head towards alfred and said . 
 `` oh , alfred , you arrive at a good moment . 
 that 's not a new member yet . 
 she 's fighting to see if she can join . '' 
 alonso turned his head back towards the match . 
 `` she seems to be doing well , what 's her name ? '' 
 `` you do n't remember her ? 
 take a better look at her . 
 just add longer hair than she has right now . '' 
 alonso was about to have some fun . 
 alfred did as the coach said and it did n't take him long to realize who she was . 
 `` is that ... lea ? 
 when did she get here ? 
 i thought she was dead . '' 
 `` she got here a while ago and has been fighting alinda for almost the entire round . '' 
 `` she has lasted this long ? 
 does she have any type of training ? 
 does she remember what she learned on her time here ? '' 
 `` she did n't learn anything here . 
 she ca n't even throw a proper jab , but she 's learning new things on her own . '' 
 alonso had to admit that it was a surprise that lea was learning on her own . 
 she never followed instructions , so she did n't know any technique . 
 anyone who remembered her would know that . 
 at that moment , alonso will see if lea could last the few moments left in the round . 
 lea was still chasing after alinda , and it could be seen that the both of them were getting tired of moving around . 
 lea was more tired than alinda because lea had taken more damage than alinda , but lea refused to give up . 
 alinda was tired of the fight , and she started to get desperate . 
 `` at this rate , i 'm going to lose . 
 i have to risk it all in this last punch . '' 
 thought alinda , and she dashed forward . 
 lea kept going forward , and once she was in reach , she threw a diagonal upper right . 
 alinda quickly slid to the left and threw a right straight . 
 `` this is it , lea , this is the end for you . 
 this is why you do n't deserve to return to the gym . '' 
 alinda was confident in her victory because her punch was a few centimeters away from landing on lea 's face . 
 `` no , i wo n't fail her , i wo n't . '' 
 thought lea . 
 she did n't know what to do to avoid the attack and decided to just take it , determined not to let it bring her down . 
 fortunately , lea was n't punched because the bell ringed . 
 alinda stopped her attack before it could land . 
 `` what ? 
 no , it ca n't be . '' 
 alinda could n't believe it . 
 frustration and disbelief could be seen in her face , but it was true . 
 the round ended and she was n't able to bring lea down . 
 `` i ... i lost to her ? '' 
 alinda was never knocked down , but the fact that she was n't able to defeat lea , felt like she lost . 
 `` i-it 's over ? 
 did ... did i won ? '' 
 the both of them were frozen in the same position , with alinda having her fist close to lea 's head , and lea looking at the fist . 
 `` alright , alinda , the round is over , get out of the ring . '' 
 alonso was worried about lea getting knocked down again , but he started to calm down . 
 of course , he was n't letting it show in his face because he kept a neutral face . 
 those around him could n't believe it , but lea managed to survive the round against alinda . 
 after hearing alonso , alinda pulled her fist away from lea and started to slide away from her . 
 alinda kept a serious face so no one could see her disappointment , but lea stopped her . 
 `` w-wait . '' 
 said lea . 
 alinda stopped and turned around , a frown starting to appear on her face . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` well , i ... i just ... '' lea started to look down , getting intimidated by alinda 's gaze . 
 `` would you just say it already ? '' 
 alinda quickly got tired of lea 's stuttering . 
 lea lifted her eyes off the floor , looked straight into alinda 's eyes , and said . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 alinda got shocked after hearing lea apologizing . 
 that day was starting to give a lot of surprises to everyone . 
 `` i ... i know that ... i was n't nice in the beginning and ... you do n't really need to forgive me , but ... if you could give me another chance . '' 
 lea did n't know what more to say and dropped her eyes to the floor again , but she came up with another way to communicate . 
 lea took off her right glove and put the hand forward . 
 `` m-my name is lea , lea anderson , n-nice to meet you . '' 
 alinda understood what lea was doing . 
 lea wanted to start over with alinda , who did n't expect that . 
 she remembered lea been rude and ignorant with everyone else . 
 after seeing that , alinda 's contempt left her because she did n't see the same lea from before . 
 alinda saw another lea , who wanted to fix her mistakes , and she was starting with alinda . 
 lea started to get nervous because alinda was been too quiet . 
 `` i guess ... i do n't deserve it . 
 i understand . '' 
 lea was about to take her hand back , but she felt someone grabbing her hand . 
 lea lifted her eyes and saw alinda 's hand grabbing lea 's hand . 
 then , lea lifted her eyes and saw alinda smiling at her . 
 `` alinda lopez , a pleasure to meet you . '' 
 said alinda . 
 lea also smiled at the sight and the knowledge that someone forgave her mistake . 
 then , the moment was interrupted by a member . 
 `` hey , alinda , are you going to kiss up or what ? 
 she has to rest for the next match . '' 
 `` shush you . 
 come on , lea , you need to rest . '' 
 alinda started to pull lea to the corner . 
 `` oh , right . '' 
 lea almost forgot about the damage that she sustained in her round against alinda . 
 once they were in lea 's corner , they got a stool , and lea sat on it . 
 then , alinda asked . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 alinda was worried . 
 she knew that she was pretty rough with lea , so she expected lea to be seriously injured . 
 `` i have n't noticed it before , but everything is starting to hurt . '' 
 `` thankfully , you have more than two minutes to rest because you 're going to need them . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because you 're next opponent is salena . 
 do n't worry , i 'll be in your corner and help you as much as i can . '' 
 that calmed lea , knowing that alinda , an experienced boxer , was going to help lea . 
 unfortunately , it simply calmed her a little bit . 
 lea could only hope that she was able to survive the next round . 
 chapter 3 : forgiveness . 
 lea was sitting in her corner , while alinda was using a towel to wipe off the sweat from lea 's body . 
 a bucket filled with water was close to them , which alinda would use to refresh lea . 
 once the sweat was wiped off , alinda put the towel into the water and wrapped it around lea 's mid-section , which made lea groan in pain . 
 `` does this help ? '' 
 asked alinda . 
 `` yes , thank you . '' 
 answered lea with a smile , feeling some of the pain going down . 
 unfortunately , lea 's face showed that lea was still feeling some pain . 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 now listen , those punches that you were throwing against me , they wo n't work against salena . 
 you have to learn better attacks than those . '' 
 said alinda with a serious face . 
 `` can you teach me ? '' 
 lea 's eyes were sincerely pleading to alinda . 
 `` i can tell you the most basics , the rest will depend on your ability to learn them as fast as you can . '' 
 `` please , teach me . '' 
 alinda could see lea 's willingness on lea 's face . 
 `` okay , pay close attention . '' 
 alinda put her hands up in her normal defensive stance . 
 `` now , this punch is called a jab , it 's not powerful to ko someone , but it 's fast and can be used to stop someone 's movement . '' 
 then , alinda threw two left jabs to demonstrate . 
 `` remember to use your left hand for that , this prepares the right hand for the knockout . 
 also , make the jab quick . 
 to do that , you have to loosen the arm as much as possible and snap the wrist at the right point . 
 understood ? '' 
 `` y-yeah , i 'll do my best . '' 
 it made alinda happy to know that lea was ready to learn . 
 `` good , this will be effective against salena because she 's an in-fighter . 
 she 's going to try to get close to you and start attacking with more compact punches . 
 you have to learn that too , make your punches smaller , do n't throw long swings because they are easy to predict and dodge . '' 
 `` like you did , right ? '' 
 `` exactly , you should punch like this . '' 
 then , alinda threw two different punches . 
 `` these are hooks and uppercuts . 
 to do the hook , you have to lift the elbow to 90 degrees , bend the arm at the same degree , and twist the body to launch the hook in a horizontal arc . 
 this punch is a knockout one , just like the uppercut . 
 to throw the uppercut , you have to start your fist from the level of your mid-section , and then you rotate your body and throw the punch in an upward motion . 
 you do n't need to lift yourself to add power because the power comes from the hip . 
 you need to be close to your opponent to throw it , if you 're too far , it will most likely miss . 
 want me to repeat something ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm all right , thank you . '' 
 `` no problem . '' 
 alinda removed the towel from lea 's body and started to check the damage . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 `` much better than before , the pain seems to have lessen , thank you . '' 
 `` glad to hear that . 
 now let me tell you about salena . 
 as i told you before , she 's an in-fighter , she will try to get close to you and start attacking , but she has a specific tactic . 
 what she does first is attack the body , and just body . 
 that 's what she wants you to think , once she sees that you drop your guard to protect the body , she 's going to attack the exposed head , so you have to be careful about guarding the body . '' 
 `` how do i know when she 's going to attack the head ? '' 
 asked lea with hope in her eyes . 
 `` well ... you do n't , she makes it very complicated to predict , sometimes she just keeps hitting the body for a full round or two . 
 other times she hits the head as soon as you drop the guard to the body . '' 
 answered alinda , worried that she could n't help in that area , but lea did n't seem affected . 
 `` no problem , i 'll come up with something if necessary . '' 
 `` you 're right , just like you did with the peek-a-boo . '' 
 `` peek-a-boo ? '' 
 `` yeah , the peek-a-boo . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` it 's the defense that you used against me , do n't you remember ? '' 
 lea had to think hard on that because she was too focused on surviving the round . 
 `` nope , i do n't even know how it looks like . '' 
 `` well , it looks like this . '' 
 alinda put the same defense that lea used . 
 `` that 's the peek-a-boo ? '' 
 `` yeah , which is the same that salena uses . '' 
 `` so , should i use it ? '' 
 `` yes , i think it suits you because you were using it very well in our match . '' 
 `` oh , okay . '' 
 `` now , let me tell you something else . 
 i 'm in the lightweight division , while salena is in the welterweight division . 
 it 's two weight divisions below you , so her attack power would be the double of mine . '' 
 `` double ?! 
 your attacks already hurt , but now she has the double of that ?! '' 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i used counters , so it might not be as bad as before . '' 
 `` glad to hear that . '' 
 said lea in relief . 
 `` that does n't make it any easier , you still need to be careful . '' 
 `` uh , yes , sorry about that . '' 
 after that , the coach announced the end of the break . 
 `` okay , the break is over , seconds out . '' 
 `` good luck , lea . 
 remember , keep your guard up and attack when you see a chance . '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 with that , lea got up from the stool and alinda took it with her . 
 `` if nothing else , you 'll have to rely on that tremendous willpower and hope for the best . '' 
 alinda remembered the times that she thought she was the victor , only to see lea get up from the mat and keep going . 
 the memory gave alinda hope . 
 hope that lea will survive the round . 
 `` salena ... she was the first person in this gym to actually welcome me . 
 she might consider this more personal than alinda , but i ca n't go easy on her . '' 
 lea fears that it might be too late to fix things with salena , but lea wo n't give up until she gave it a try . 
 when lea saw salena 's face , she could feel anger in salena 's eyes , which made lea worry . 
 `` i-i wonder what she 's thinking ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to make her pay for that . '' 
 that was the only thing that salena was thinking at the moment . 
 she did n't care if lea was too injured or not , salena was going to fight with everything she got . 
 then , the bell ringed to announce the beginning of the match . 
 both started to head to the middle of the ring , but salena charged in using the peek-a-boo defense . 
 `` right now ?! 
 she 's coming already ?! '' 
 thought lea , who did n't expect salena to attack so quickly . 
 lea quickly put her own peek-a-boo defense just in time to block salena 's left uppercut to lea 's body . 
 then , salena threw a right hook at lea 's body , which lea blocked . 
 alinda saw that from lea 's corner and started to give some advice to lea . 
 `` lea , do n't let her get the pace of the match , you have to brake her rhythm ! '' 
 yelled alinda . 
 she forgot to mention that because she was in a hurry to teach lea the punches . 
 `` how do i do that ? 
 she does n't give me a chance to attack this close . '' 
 thought lea , and she desperately started to think of something . 
 then , lea remembered what alinda taught her . 
 `` close ? 
 that 's it , the uppercut ! '' 
 salena threw a left uppercut at lea 's body , but lea blocked the punch with the right arm and threw a left uppercut at salena 's body . 
 salena quickly used her right arm to block the punch , but she was pushed back . 
 `` what the ... ? 
 what 's with that insane power ? 
 no wonder alinda was careful of it . '' 
 thought salena in surprise . 
 she was n't expecting that kind of power behind lea 's punch , especially since lea used an uppercut . 
 salena rushed in , but did n't attack . 
 instead , salena got closer to lea , who covered her body with her arms . 
 `` she 's going to attack the body again . 
 i 'll parry and strike . '' 
 that was what lea thought , but it was wrong because she left her head unprotected . 
 salena took the opportunity and punched lea on the left side of her head . 
 lea immediately fell on her side , while salena headed to the neutral corner . 
 no one expected that quick down in just thirty seconds . 
 `` oh no , she used a long swing to strike the head , while lea believed that salena was going to attack the body . 
 it was completely unpredictable where salena was going to strike . '' 
 thought alinda , who did n't expect salena to strike and take lea down so quickly . 
 alinda did n't like the look of things , and started to worry about lea 's safety . 
 alinda quickly tried to get lea up by yelling at her . 
 `` lea , get up , there 's a way to stop her from attacking , you have to remember the jab !!! '' 
 `` 1 ... 2 ... 3 '' alonso started the count again . 
 `` lea really handled salena 's attacks to the body , but you ca n't expect the opponent to attack the same area twice . 
 then again , salena was quick to attack the head . 
 she usually attacks the body a little bit more before striking the head . 
 she must be in a rush to finish this . '' 
 thought alonso , who kept counting , and lea was n't showing signs of getting up . 
 `` 4 ... 5 ... 6 '' lea was still conscious , but the world was blurry and she felt like she was spinning around the room . 
 `` where did that come from ? 
 was it an uppercut ? 
 hook ? '' 
 thought lea , and she was starting to get up at that point , but it was easy to see that her consciousness was n't completely back . 
 once she was up , she lifted her arms and the match continued . 
 salena dashed towards lea , and alinda yelled at lea . 
 `` lea , she 's coming , use a jab !! '' 
 after hearing that , lea started to throw a jab . 
 `` a jab wo n't be enough to stop me , i 'll just block it . '' 
 thought salena . 
 once the attack landed on her guard , it stopped salena in her tracks . 
 `` impossible ! 
 that was a jab ? 
 it was too heavy to be a jab , is it because of the weight difference ? '' 
 lea kept throwing left jabs and keeping salena away . 
 `` that 's it , lea , keep her away from you ! '' 
 yelled alinda , but she was worried that lea might not be conscious yet . 
 `` come on , lea , wake up . '' 
 `` i 'm hitting something ... but what is it ? '' 
 thought lea . 
 then , she saw salena trying to charge in , which made lea throw a left jab out of surprise . 
 the jab stopped salena in her tracks again and lea noticed it . 
 `` wait , was i down ? 
 i do n't remember well , but i do remember that hit just now . 
 it stopped her . 
 i can use the jab to stop her . '' 
 lea kept throwing left jabs , preventing salena from charging in , but salena was planning on avoiding the jabs . 
 `` the jab is strong , but it has to hit me . '' 
 thought salena . 
 lea threw a left jab again , but salena ducked the jab and rushed in . 
 salena threw a long right punch again , but lea saw the punch and blocked it with the left arm . 
 then , salena threw a left uppercut at lea 's body , but lea blocked it with her right arm . 
 `` what ? 
 how did she avoid my attacks ? 
 can she read my patterns ? '' 
 salena was surprised , but it did n't let it stop her . 
 `` whoa ! 
 that was close , i just saw her right arm move and i just tried to block , and i managed to do it . '' 
 lea blocked out of luck , which left her more surprised than salena . 
 salena started to attack lea 's body again using a left uppercut . 
 lea blocked it with the right arm and threw a left hook at salena 's head . 
 salena ducked the punch and threw a left hook at lea 's body , but lea quickly blocked it with the right arm . 
 salena tried a right uppercut to lea 's chin , but lea quickly moved back and avoided it . 
 then , lea threw a left jab at salena . 
 salena blocked the jab and tried to rush in , but she was stopped by lea 's heavy jabs . 
 `` lea learns fast , she can fight me off and defend from me quickly . 
 was she in another gym before ? '' 
 salena was in disbelief . 
 she could n't believe that lea , who seemed to just grasp boxing , learned quickly enough just by fighting against salena . 
 when salena thought about it carefully , she came to a realization . 
 `` wait , i know how to fight her now . '' 
 outside of the ring , fergus was watching with a serious expression . 
 `` sir , how is it that lea learns this fast in just two rounds ? 
 i thought that she did n't learn anything in her time here . '' 
 said fergus . 
 `` she must have learned to adapt quickly when it came to fighting because of her time fighting in her childhood . 
 in boxing , anything could happen , and you must be ready to adapt to the situation or you will lose . '' 
 alonso could see lea returning to the boxing world , and becoming the world champion once again . 
 `` no , it 's too soon . 
 things have changed over the years and she will need training to survive the matches . 
 maybe , she was serious about returning , but i have n't seen enough yet . '' 
 with that in mind , alonso kept watching carefully . 
 the fight had lasted one minute , and everyone liked the match so far . 
 once ready , salena started to put her plan into action . 
 she rushed in and made the motion to launch a right uppercut . 
 lea saw that and prepared to block it , but salena pulled the right to throw a left hook . 
 `` oh no , i thought it was a right uppercut , i ca n't parry the attack . '' 
 thought lea in surprise , and she desperately tried to think of something . 
 she knew that she wo n't block it with her arm in time , and salena knew that . 
 `` i got you this time . '' 
 thought salena , confident that her punch would land , but lea blocked it with her right shoulder . 
 `` damn , not fast enough . '' 
 it did n't matter to salena , she 'll eventually hit lea by using feints to make her open herself up . 
 alinda knew what salena was doing and tried to warn lea . 
 `` be careful , lea , she 's going to be using feints ! 
 stay close and put the pressure on her ! '' 
 yelled alinda . 
 she knew that it was going to become a hitting contest , but it was the only way to stop the feints . 
 she just hoped that lea could come out on top . 
 `` all right . '' 
 thought lea . 
 with trust on alinda , lea opened her peek-a-boo defense , and threw a right uppercut , followed by a left one . 
 lea started to throw a barrage of compact hooks and uppercuts , not giving a chance to retaliate . 
 none of the punches was hitting salena because she was dodging and blocking with her peek-a-boo defense . 
 `` this is bad . 
 she 's throwing them really fast for me to find an opening . 
 all i can do right now is to wait for her to throw a wide swing so i can escape . '' 
 thought salena . 
 it was a simple plan , but it was all salena could do to avoid getting knocked out by lea . 
 unfortunately , lea 's punches were too strong and they were damaging salena to a degree . 
 alinda noticed that , and she desperately tried to let lea know about it . 
 `` keep it up , lea , it 's hurting her ! '' 
 yelled alinda . 
 lea continued her quick barrage of attacks , but her condition was n't the best at the moment , and she started to slow down . 
 `` this is my chance . '' 
 thought salena . 
 she saw the opportunity when lea threw a right hook at salena 's head . 
 salena ducked the punch , and stood up with a left uppercut , which landed on lea 's body . 
 lea groaned in pain and started to slide away from salena , but salena did n't let the chance slip away and chased after lea . 
 lea was quickly caught and salena threw a right straight at lea . 
 lea moved her head to the right and the punch missed . 
 then , lea retaliated with a right uppercut to salena 's body , which hit its mark . 
 salena groaned in pain and was left bent over . 
 everyone could tell that it hurt because it was written on salena 's face . 
 that made alinda believe that victory was close . 
 `` lea , now 's your chance , finish the fight ! '' 
 yelled alinda . 
 unfortunately , lea did n't throw another punch . 
 `` what ? 
 why does n't she . . ? '' 
 thought alinda , but then , she noticed why . 
 lea was running out of stamina and was trying to recover . 
 `` this is bad , at this rate she 's going to go down again , and i do n't know if she 's going to stand up again . '' 
 lea was breathing hard , trying to get air back into her lungs , while salena was still stunned by the force of lea 's punch . 
 `` just give me a few more seconds , just a little more . '' 
 thought lea . 
 meanwhile , salena was still trying to recover from the blow to her body . 
 `` what ? 
 i can barely ... stay up . '' 
 thought salena . 
 the attack caused serious damage , but it did n't take her long to recover because of her trained body . 
 not wanting lea to recover , salena started to attack with a barrage of attacks to lea 's body . 
 lea tightened her defense to avoid as much damage as possible , but her arms were getting tired of the punishment and started to loosen up . 
 `` oh no , i ca n't take much more , i have to do something . '' 
 lea tried to maintain calm while trying to think . 
 unfortunately , lea 's guard broke , and salena started to throw a right straight , but lea also threw a right straight . 
 they both hit their targets , making it into a simultaneous attack . 
 the exchange forced salena to back off from each other , but it seemed that the damage done to salena was the same as lea . 
 the members watching the match could n't believe that salena was having difficulties when it came to in-fighting . 
 `` is this true ? 
 salena is the best in-fighter among the other boxers in here . 
 is it because of the weight difference ? '' 
 said one members . 
 `` could be , salena is welterweight , while lea could be in the middleweight . 
 maybe that 's why salena is having more difficulties taking her down . '' 
 said another member . 
 `` we have to take into consideration that lea has taking more damage than salena and she 's in worse shape , so it could be said that they are at the same level right now . '' 
 said fergus with a serious face , but he was still surprised that lea had been holding on for so long . 
 `` now , the question is , how far can she go ? '' 
 said hilda , who had kept quiet ever since the matches , with a serious face . 
 no one knew how she was feeling because her expression was hard to read at that moment . 
 they believed that she was n't very happy to see lea again . 
 everyone knew that lea was n't friendly with anyone , even with salena , who was the friendliest among them . 
 at that moment , lea looked different , as if she had changed for the better , but many found it hard to believe . 
 both boxers were keeping distance from each other , thinking on how to bring down the other , but it was mostly salena who was thinking that . 
 lea was more worried of what salena was going to do next . 
 even with the practice gloves , salena 's punches still caused damage . 
 `` what should i do ? 
 attacking would simply lead to another hitting match , but if i wait , she 's going to take the advantage . 
 at this point , i can only keep fighting , i ca n't let julie down . '' 
 thought lea , and decided to charge in . 
 `` if it 's a hitting match , then i 'll keep fighting . 
 no matter how many times i get punched , no matter how much it hurts , i 'll keep fighting until the end . 
 this is the only way i can save her . '' 
 the move caught salena by surprise . 
 she was still damaged from the exchange , but she was more surprised by the determination in lea 's eyes . 
 `` i thought she would wait for the damage to subside , but she 's ignoring it . 
 no matter , i 'll beat her up until she falls . '' 
 thought salena . 
 then , she rushed in , not wanting to lose in her own specialty . 
 salena started with a left uppercut to lea 's body . 
 lea blocked the attack , and salena threw a right hook at lea 's body , which was also blocked . 
 lea tried to attack with a right uppercut to salena 's body , which salena blocked . 
 after seeing that lea 's face was open , salena threw a right hook at lea 's face . 
 `` this is it , this punch will do it . 
 you will fall here ! '' 
 lea managed to see the punch , and quickly lifted her left shoulder to block the attack . 
 not letting that to discourage her , salena threw an uppercut with the left hand . 
 lea decided to slide back , which made the punch miss . 
 salena tried to rush in , but lea threw a left jab and hit salena 's guard , stopping salena in her tracks . 
 salena tried to rush in again , but that time , lea did something more . 
 lea threw a left jab and threw a right straight , making it a 1-2 combination , which stopped salena and made her back away . 
 `` i just remembered what alinda said . 
 use the left to prepare the right . 
 i ca n't believe i forgot something so useful . '' 
 lea gained new confidence from that new combo . 
 `` again , what a tremendous punch , i have to be more careful if i want to reach her . '' 
 discouraged at been unable to set the pace at the moment , salena waited for an opportunity to attack . 
 lea kept throwing left jabs at salena from a distance , and hoping to land a shot at salena , but it only weakened the guard . 
 `` if she keeps throwing those jabs , she 's just going to tire herself out , and i 'll take her down when it happens . 
 then again ... '' salena started to push forward and dodging the jabs , forcing lea to slide back . 
 that kept going until lea reached the ropes without her noticing . 
 `` what the ... ? '' 
 once lea realized that she reached the ropes , she knew what was coming next . 
 salena rushed in and trapped lea on the ropes . 
 salena started her barrage of attacks again , blocking any chance of escape for lea . 
 fortunately , lea put up her guard and blocked the punches , but lea knew that she 'll stay trapped on the ropes if she did n't do something about it . 
 lea threw a right uppercut at salena 's body , but salena threw a right uppercut at lea 's body . 
 again , it was a simultaneous punch , which stopped salena from attacking , but lea was also affected by the exchange . 
 salena tried to throw a right straight , but the damage made it weak and lea easily blocked it with the palm of her glove . 
 lea attacked , but she was also getting tired , and threw a weak right straight , which salena ducked . 
 salena threw a left uppercut at lea 's body , while lea threw a left hook at salena 's head , which made it into another simultaneous exchange . 
 after that , they refused to stop and made another simultaneous exchange with right hooks . 
 then , lea threw a left uppercut at salena 's chin , while salena threw a left hook at lea 's body . 
 both punches landed , making it into another simultaneous exchange . 
 the match was becoming something that someone would not see as a sparring match in a gym , and everyone was amazed by what they were seeing . 
 `` is salena tired already ? 
 she 's usually so energetic , that there are times when i believe that she drinks coffee with drugs in it . '' 
 one of the members said in disbelief . 
 `` she ca n't be out of shape , she 's always working hard , and i do n't think she 's been slacking off , either . '' 
 said another member . 
 `` maybe lea 's punches really hurt that much . '' 
 they kept talking about the match because they could n't believe that salena was getting tired of fighting lea , especially since in-fighters have a large amount of stamina . 
 `` it 's really no wonder that salena is losing stamina . 
 lea 's punches are powerful , and some have landed on salena 's body . 
 not only does it cause damage , but it also takes away the stamina of the opponent . '' 
 thought alonso . 
 he knew about salena 's stamina , but he knew that it was easy to take away if one knew how . 
 not only did it turned into a hitting match , but also an endurance match . 
 two minutes have passed and both fighters were still exchanging punches , but weak ones . 
 lea was mostly defending because the damage have accumulated to a point where it was hard for her to move . 
 what kept lea going was her determination to keep fighting for julie . 
 `` salena wo n't fall , but i wo n't either , i wo n't fall after coming this far . '' 
 thought lea and attacked salena . 
 `` i thought she was tired , how can she keep moving this much ? '' 
 thought salena in surprise and blocked a right straight , then a left . 
 lea 's punches seemed to be getting sluggish , but the power behind it was still alive . 
 `` where is this strength coming from ? '' 
 the pressure was getting to salena . 
 `` no , i need to stay calm . 
 these punches are easy to see , easy to dodge . 
 i just need to stay calm and attack when the opportunity rises again . '' 
 lea kept throwing wide swings and alinda did n't like that . 
 `` lea , your punches are too wide , she 's going to dodge them ! '' 
 warned alinda , but it was too late . 
 lea launched another wide punch and salena ducked it . 
 then , salena stood up with a right uppercut to lea 's body . 
 lea could n't dodge it and took the punch to her body . 
 `` how 's that ? 
 what are you going to do now ? '' 
 thought salena , who believed that it would end the fight , but lea did n't seem affected and launched a right uppercut to salena 's chin . 
 `` what ? 
 how can she keep moving after that ? 
 it was a clean hit , what 's going on ? '' 
 salena was so surprised , that she failed to dodge the punch and it landed cleanly . 
 after that , lea followed with an uppercut to salena 's body . 
 lea was n't showing it , but she felt the punch to her body . 
 she was just trying to ignore the pain it inflicted on her . 
 `` it hurts ... it hurts so much , but ... i wo n't let it stop me . 
 i 'm going to make it , i 'm going to make it , and then i 'll save her . 
 i just have to hold on . 
 i have to hold on no matter what ! '' 
 thought lea . 
 salena slid away from lea , trying to avoid any more attacks . 
 salena did n't go far before she was chased by lea . 
 lea threw a right straight and salena threw a left straight , making another simultaneous attack to their faces . 
 that did n't stop lea and threw a wide left punch . 
 salena ducked the punch and slid away from lea , feeling the pressure from lea 's relentless attacks . 
 lea did n't care how far salena slid away . 
 lea was going to keep chasing salena to the very end . 
 `` hey , man , lea is getting scarier by the minute . '' 
 said one member . 
 `` i know , right ? 
 no wonder alinda could n't defeat her . '' 
 said another member . 
 `` she must be made of steel or something . '' 
 the members kept going again . 
 `` bueno pues , are n't they boxers too or what ? 
 ca n't blame them though , lea have an impressive endurance and incredible ability to adapt to the situation , but most of all , a strong willpower to keep going . 
 i wonder how far that willpower of hers will get her . '' 
 thought alonso . 
 for him , it was just the checkpoint to what he was waiting to see . 
 the real challenge would be hilda , the heavyweight boxer . 
 the battle continued in the match between salena and lea , which seemed to be evenly matched . 
 neither was showing signs of slowing down or going down , they simply kept fighting . 
 lea was the one doing the chasing , but she could n't catch salena because she had trained to move fast and around easily . 
 lea was mostly straight forward and could n't change directions so easily . 
 salena did n't usually slide away from her opponents . 
 alinda knew that salena was waiting for something , and soon realized what it was . 
 `` lea , stop chasing after her , your just getting yourself tired ! '' 
 yelled alinda . 
 lea listened and suddenly stopped . 
 salena saw that and also stopped moving . 
 `` i should have known that alinda would notice . 
 i can see that lea is slow , so i could out slide her anytime . 
 i was just waiting for lea to tire herself out so i would n't have any problem fighting her . 
 i guess i have to rely on the old fashion way . '' 
 after salena thought that , she charged in , and once again , aimed to attack lea 's body . 
 lea covered her body and salena started attacking . 
 salena started to use a combination that went from body to head , which lea found hard to block . 
 lea started to fall into salena 's pace , but she decided to risk it , and threw a right hook at salena 's head . 
 salena stopped and threw a right overhand punch . 
 salena ducked , which made lea 's punch miss , while her punch hit lea square in the face . 
 lea started to fall over , everyone saw it , and everyone believed it to be over . 
 `` that 's it . 
 it 's over , finally over . 
 no matter who it is , i 'm the best when it comes to in-fighting . '' 
 salena sighed out of relief at the sight of lea going down . 
 lea 's eyes were dull . 
 there was n't any sign of consciousness in them . 
 the world went in slow motion for lea , she did n't know why she was falling , but she felt like going to sleep . 
 `` my eyes ... feel heavy ... like , i want to ... sleep . 
 yeah ... sleeping sounds ... good ... very good . '' 
 thought lea . 
 alinda started calling lea in an attempt to bring her back . 
 `` lea , do n't fall , if you fall , you wo n't get up again ! 
 keep fighting ! '' 
 yelled alinda out of desperation and she started to hit the mat . 
 that seemed to snap lea back to reality because she regained her balance , but she was barely staying up . 
 lea 's face was starting to swell up again , but she was still able to keep going . 
 salena could n't believe what she just saw . 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 why wo n't you go down ? 
 i 'm going to make you pay , you 're going to pay ! '' 
 thought salena . 
 she was becoming desperate because she knew that the round was almost over , and needed to finish it fast . 
 salena tried to take lea down while she was recovering from the previous attack . 
 salena tried to rush in , but lea landed a left jab and stopped salena . 
 once salena stopped , lea started her own barrage of attacks , which was more compact and not as wide as before . 
 `` she 's should n't be able to continue attacking this way , she must be at her limit already . '' 
 salena did n't convince herself because lea was still attacking without stopping . 
 `` i 'm ... feeling dizzy ... i ca n't ... breathe well ... but ... i wo n't ... stop . 
 i have to ... keep fighting ... i have to . '' 
 thought lea . 
 she kept throwing her barrage of hooks and uppercuts , not giving salena a chance to retaliate or to slide away . 
 salena was been pushed back to the ropes . 
 eventually , salena reached the ropes and got trapped under heavy punches . 
 unfortunately , it did n't last long enough because lea started to slow down dramatically and started to take deep breaths . 
 salena saw that and started to launch a right straight at lea , but lea also threw a right straight . 
 everyone thought it would be another simultaneous exchange , but neither landed because lea and salena moved their heads to dodge the attack . 
 they only grazed each other , but that did n't stop either one of them . 
 salena threw a left hook , lea tried to block , but lea 's defense was punched away . 
 salena followed with a right hook , but lea ducked the punch and landed a left hook on salena 's body , but the damage was n't that heavy . 
 lea continued with a left uppercut to salena 's chin , but salena moved the head to the right and dodged the punch . 
 salena attacked with a left hook , but lea blocked it with the right shoulder . 
 lea started to launch a left hook to salena 's head , while salena threw a left uppercut at lea 's chin . 
 `` this is it ! 
 let it land ! '' 
 `` this is the end for you ! '' 
 unfortunately , none of the punches landed because the bell ringed at the last moment , making their punches stop an inch away from their targets . 
 both of them were frozen in place , lacking air and sweating because of the ferocious fight that they had . 
 `` i ... lost . 
 i ca n't believe it . '' 
 thought salena . 
 `` it 's over ... finally . '' 
 thought lea , who felt lucky that the bell ringed . 
 salena pulled her arm away and started to slide away from lea , but salena was called by lea . 
 `` salena , i ... '' lea dropped her eyes to the floor . 
 she did n't know what to say to salena , the first person who tried to be friends with lea . 
 lea figured that it was better to start somewhere than doing nothing . 
 `` i know that ... you have a right to be angry at me . 
 i ... just want you to know that ... i 'm sorry . 
 i really am . '' 
 lea 's eyes were hoping for forgiveness , but salena did n't say anything and kept quiet . 
 `` come on , salena , lea is been sincere with her apology , why do n't you forgive her ? '' 
 asked alinda , who found it strange that salena kept quiet . 
 alinda knew that salena was someone that easily forgave others . 
 `` of course i forgive her , but i 'm still mad about it . '' 
 said salena , who surprised both alinda and lea , but lea was the most surprised because she did n't know what else she did to salena . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 after alinda asked that , salena answered . 
 `` lea did n't apologize to me first . '' 
 said salena while pointing at lea . 
 that surprised everyone , and it left lea with a confused face . 
 then , alinda broke the silence . 
 `` you 're mad about that ? 
 that 's the silliest thing you have said in the entire day . '' 
 alinda did n't say it , but her face was calling salena an idiot . 
 `` hey , it 's not silly , she was mean to me first , so i should get an apology first , you dummy dummy dummy . '' 
 salena started to act like a kid , but everyone just thought that salena was just been salena . 
 it was easy to see that they could get in an argument about that , so lea started to talk . 
 `` oh , um ... i 'm sorry ... about that . '' 
 said lea , who was relieved that it was nothing serious . 
 lea 's apology brought a smile to salena 's face . 
 then , salena raised her arms up into the air in triumph . 
 `` yay ! 
 we 're good now . 
 the name 's salena smith , nice to meet you . '' 
 said salena , who extended her right hand to lea . 
 after looking at the extended hand , lea started to remember the first day that she met salena , a friendly and cheerful person who welcomed lea into the gym . 
 lea grabbed salena 's hand with both of hers , looked at their joined hands , and said . 
 `` lea ... anderson . 
 nice ... to meet you . '' 
 lea greeted with teary eyes and fighting not to cry over it . 
 lea was very happy about salena forgiving her . 
 after that , they heard someone talking to them and they turned towards the person . 
 `` i 'm glad you lasses got all friendly and everything , but lea should rest now . 
 after all , her next opponent , is going to be me . '' 
 it was none other than hilda , who was getting her gloves on and was waiting in her corner . 
 after hearing that , salena said to lea . 
 `` she 's right , lea , we got really beat up here , and you need to rest the most . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 with that , they both head to lea 's corner . 
 `` my next opponent is hilda . 
 alinda and salena were so strong , but what about hilda herself ? '' 
 once they reached lea 's corner , lea collapsed on the stool , showing her exhaustion to everyone . 
 `` lea , can you really keep fighting like this ? 
 it 's starting to look impossible , especially since you 're next opponent is hilda . '' 
 said alinda with worry in her voice . 
 `` yeah , come on , maybe we can convince the coach to let you rest longer or try this another time . '' 
 said salena , who was worried too . 
 `` no , it 's alright , really . 
 the coach said today , and i have come too far to just quit right now . 
 besides , i have three minutes to rest , it should be enough . '' 
 said lea . 
 she was n't sure that she could recover in those three minutes , and alinda knew that . 
 `` three minutes is not enough to recover from that fight , especially since you took more hits than before . '' 
 said alinda . '' 
 ... i 'm sorry , i just do n't want to run away , i do n't want to quit . 
 i have to prove to them and to me that i can do this . 
 besides , i would n't be able to help julie if i just quit like that . '' 
 `` lea ... '' alinda did n't know what to say after looking at such a determined boxer . 
 `` i 'll get some ice and towels . 
 we have to work on reducing the swelling . '' 
 said salena , who started to leave to get the necessary items . 
 `` i do n't know about this . '' 
 said alinda , which made salena stop on her tracks and turned back towards them . '' 
 it 's obvious that she 's determined to continue and wo n't change her mind . 
 besides , she fought against the two of us and survived the round , even when it looked like she was going to fall at any moment . 
 i 'm sure she can survive against hilda . '' 
 alinda started to think on what salena said , and quickly agreed with salena . 
 `` you 're right . 
 now , let 's get you ready for your next round . '' 
 `` yeah , we can do this ! '' 
 salena affirmed cheerfully . 
 `` thanks ... to both of you . '' 
 said lea , who was really touched by their kindness . 
 `` no problem , lea , we 're friends , and friends do this for each other . '' 
 `` that 's right , lea , do n't let it trouble your . '' 
 said alinda with a smile . 
 that brought a smile to lea 's face and some tears to lea 's eyes , which could be confused with sweat , but salena and alinda were close enough to notice the difference . 
 `` friends ... i have friends . 
 it feels good to have friends . '' 
 lea wiped the tears from her eyes , not wanting anyone else to see them . 
 after that , lea prepared herself because she knew that the next round would be the most difficult . 
 with that knowledge , lea started to wonder if she would actually make it . 
 chapter 4 : fighter 's spirit . 
 salena and alinda were trying to get lea ready to fight hilda . 
 it was the last round that lea had to survive to be accepted back into the gym . 
 everyone knew that hilda was the strongest of them all , especially since she was in the heavyweight division , but that was n't the only thing that made her a strong opponent . 
 `` listen , lea , this might help you survive the entire round . 
 first of all , hilda is a slugger , so do n't expect a lot of amazing techniques , just worry about the insane strength behind her punches . '' 
 said alinda , who was explaining in urgency . 
 `` what 's a slugger ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` remember the way you were fighting me ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` that 's a slugger , someone who relies on raw strength instead of footwork or technique . 
 they do n't really need any of that because a well-placed punch is all they need to knock someone down . 
 the problem with hilda , is that she 's actually smarter than most sluggers . 
 she 's going to wait and try to look for the opportunity to strike . '' 
 `` so , she 's fast ? '' 
 `` she is , not faster than me , but she 's faster than most sluggers . 
 she 's also very resilient , so you wo n't be able to knock her down , but you might be able to stun her . '' 
 after alinda said that , salena gave more advice , hoping to be of some assistance . 
 `` you know , you can also just clinch on her to kill time . '' 
 `` clinch ? '' 
 `` yeah , like this . '' 
 salena tried to demonstrate by grabbing alinda , but for lea , it looked more like a hug . 
 that brought a light blush to alinda 's cheeks , which lea believed to be out of embarrassment . 
 `` this is called a clinch , which is basically just grabbing the opponent . 
 after a while , the referee will try to separate both boxers , but it gives a little bit of time to recover . '' 
 after salena finished the explanation , she let go of alinda . 
 `` yes , well ... she 's right . 
 you can use that to stop hilda in her attacks , but if not done properly , she can still attack you . 
 so , try to grab her in a way that does n't let her use her arms . '' 
 said alinda , who tried to regain her composure , but her cheeks kept their red color . 
 after a few moments , it started to subside . 
 `` is there anything else you could tell me ? 
 is there something else i could do to last longer ? '' 
 asked lea , who was getting nervous . 
 alinda and salena looked at each other , and the truth was , that they never fought hilda before . 
 they only watched some of hilda 's matches , which she won all of them with a ko . 
 since keeping quiet would make things worse , they decided to tell her already . 
 they both returned their gazes to lea , and alinda said . 
 `` there really is n't much more to tell , we never fought her because of the difference in weight divisions . 
 the only thing we can tell you is to run away from her , or she 'll ko you fast . '' 
 alinda answered with a sad face . 
 then , she lowered her gaze to avoid looking at lea 's worried face . 
 `` yeah , i mean , just look at her , it looks like she can beat you with a single finger . '' 
 said salena , who was also sad , and everyone started to look at hilda . 
 salena was n't joking that much , muscles could be seen from hilda 's abdomen to her arms and shoulders . 
 if they could look at her back , they would see more well-toned muscles with nothing but power in them . 
 hilda noticed their gazes and thought . 
 `` why are they looking at me like that ? 
 do i have something on my face ? '' 
 back to lea 's corner , they were still thinking of ways to help lea survive the round , while they were helping lea recover from her previous match . 
 the swelling seemed to be going down little by little , but not enough to be fully gone by the time the match started . 
 the biggest worry was lea 's stamina . 
 everyone knew that lea was going to need all of her stamina to last the entire round . 
 hilda had more than enough stamina to last the entire round , and even more if necessary . 
 fortunately , lea 's breathing was good , so that was a good sign that she was getting some of her energy back . 
 outside of the ring , some of the members were wondering how long was lea going to last , not if she can actually make it . 
 `` i think she 's going to lose in the first minute . '' 
 said a member . 
 `` no way , i say in the second minute , she seems to have done well with salena . '' 
 another member argued . 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 salena 's punches do n't have hilda 's strength . 
 besides , salena was of a lower weight division than lea , which must have helped her a lot . '' 
 `` maybe hilda is n't going to take it seriously . 
 lea might just make it by luck . '' 
 `` i do n't remember the last time that hilda did n't take a match seriously . 
 she might go all out in the beginning of the round . '' 
 `` you really think so ? 
 lea might go down with a single punch if that 's the case . '' 
 out of the group , fergus , alfred and alonso were thinking somewhere around that area , but still differently . 
 `` sir , i think lea has done more than enough to get into the gym . 
 salena and alinda seem to have made friends with her , why does she have to go against hilda ? 
 she could get a dangerous injury in this fight . '' 
 questioned alfred in concern . 
 `` is not a matter of whether she did enough or not , she simply has n't showed me anything yet . '' 
 answered alonso with a neutral face . 
 `` what exactly are you waiting to see , sir ? 
 lea obviously can hold her own against two trained boxers when she never paid attention on her own training . '' 
 `` maybe the coach is n't looking for fighting capabilities , but something completely different from that . '' 
 said fergus . 
 alfred had no clue on what fergus or alonso were talking about , so all he could do was to wait and see the results of the match . 
 alinda and salena were thinking of a tactic that could work against hilda . 
 `` you should probably stay far from her and just wait until the bell rings . 
 after all , that 's what the coach said , to survive against the three of us . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` you know that hilda is way faster than what she looks like , lea may have to fight it out . 
 lea , aim for the body , make her movements slow so you can take a break from her . '' 
 said salena , who knew that it would n't work . 
 both alinda and salena knew it , but alinda was just trying to help , just like salena . 
 `` it 's too risky , hilda might land a punch on lea , and looking at her condition , she could get in a lot of trouble if it landed . '' 
 `` then she can duck . 
 hilda is taller , so lea might have a chance with ducking . '' 
 the couple kept at it , letting their frustration be known , and lea stop them by saying . 
 `` thanks for worrying about me , but i 'm going to have to do it my way . 
 i 'm going to face her head-on . 
 i wo n't get anywhere if i run away from her . 
 besides , how am i supposed to show what i can do if i do n't fight back ? 
 how am i supposed to show how serious i am to return to the boxing ring ? '' 
 `` yeah , but that 's if you actually survive the round . 
 if not , it would have been for nothing . '' 
 `` i know , but i ca n't just run away . '' 
 alinda could see that lea was n't going to change her mind . 
 `` it seems that we have no choice , but to let her go with her plan . 
 she is n't exactly out-boxing material , and the boxing world is a dangerous place . 
 this will prove that she 's ready , we have to believe in her boxing . '' 
 said alinda . 
 salena did n't like the sound of that , she did n't even look convinced , but she got no choice . 
 `` okay , just be careful , or she 's going to kick your tail . '' 
 said salena with a serious face . 
 after that was said , alonso announced that the match was about to begin , and ordered the seconds to get out of the ring . 
 `` seconds ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` that would be us , your advisers , which are usually the coach and someone with medical expertise . '' 
 answered alinda , and before leaving the ring , alinda and salena said one last thing to lea with a smile . 
 `` good luck , lea . '' 
 alinda was the first to leave the ring and sent her good luck . 
 `` you can do it , lea . '' 
 said salena with a thumb up for lea . 
 `` thanks , i 'll do my best . '' 
 after lea said that , she got up from the stool , feeling better because of their words . 
 then , lea put a serious face , showing that she was ready to fight . 
 at that moment , both boxers were waiting for the sound of the bell . 
 determination could be seen on lea 's eyes , sending the message that she wo n't go down no matter what they threw at her . 
 `` that 's it , that 's the look of someone who is ready to fight . '' 
 thought hilda with a smile to hilda `` this is different than when i fought alinda and salena , the air feels heavier than before . '' 
 thought lea , who was feeling the pressure that hilda 's presence was giving in the ring . 
 it made lea feel her doubts and fears creeping up on her , but she refused to let it get to her with as much willpower as she could muster . 
 fortunately , she did n't have to dwell on it too much because the bell ringed . 
 both boxers left their corners and started to head to the middle of the ring . 
 lea with the peek-a-boo stance , while hilda used a standard stance with the hands up . 
 lea stopped moving before she reached the middle of the ring , which everyone noticed , but very few knew why . 
 `` now that i notice , the pressure gets even bigger the closer i get to hilda . '' 
 thought lea . 
 she did n't expect it , but it was hard to move closer to hilda , who had a serious expression on her face . 
 then , lea got close enough to feel the pressure at full force . 
 hilda noticed the hesitation on lea and decided to charge in . 
 hilda threw a right straight , which lea avoided by sliding to the left . 
 it did n't connect with lea , but the strength behind it was enough to scare her . 
 `` what was that ? 
 the air felt like it was been cut by a sword , what would have happen if it had hit me ? 
 no , i ca n't think that way , i have to fight . '' 
 after gathering herself , lea started to get close to hilda , who was now facing lea . 
 once lea was close enough , she threw a right uppercut at hilda 's body . 
 hilda blocked with the left arm and attacked with a right hook . 
 lea ducked the punch , and stood up with a left uppercut to hilda 's chin . 
 hilda moved back and the uppercut missed its target . 
 then , hilda rushed in with a right straight , but lea dodged the punch . 
 then , lea threw a right hook at hilda 's head , but hilda quickly blocked it with her left arm . 
 hilda pulled her right arm back and threw a right uppercut at lea 's body , which lea blocked with her left arm . 
 the force made lea slide back , finally feeling the strength behind hilda 's punches . 
 `` what power ! 
 now i know how alinda and salena felt when they took my punches . 
 one of them could make me go down easily ! '' 
 `` so this is what it feels like . 
 truthfully , these punches are powerful , she could easily take over the middleweight with enough training , but strength is not enough . 
 there 's something else that you need to get the belt . '' 
 thought hilda , who was impressed by lea 's strength . 
 then , she charged in with a left straight . 
 lea ducked the punch , and stood up with a left uppercut to hilda 's chin . 
 hilda stopped the punch by protecting her chin with the right hand . 
 the damage was reduced , but she could still feel some of it . 
 lea did n't want to let the opportunity to slip away and started to throw a right straight at hilda . 
 unfortunately , lea was countered by a left jab to her face , which stopped lea from launching her attack . 
 normally , a jab was n't strong enough to cause serious damage , but considering lea 's opponent , the jab was strong enough to do it . 
 `` wha ... ? 
 that 's a jab ? 
 it hurts more than the jabs i have been hit with . '' 
 once lea was stopped in her tracks , hilda threw a right straight , which lea blocked , but it drove her close to the ropes . 
 hilda threw a left and right punch , pushing lea all the way to the ropes . 
 `` oh no , she was trying to trap me ! '' 
 out of desperation , lea tightened her guard and prepared for the assault , which came fast . 
 hilda rushed in and started to throw a barrage of punches , which were n't necessarily hooks or uppercuts . 
 hilda just kept throwing punches , hoping to break the tight defense that lea was using . 
 `` blocking is n't going to protect you forever , lass . '' 
 hilda continued with her relentless attack , breaking lea 's defense little by little . 
 lea knew that it was just a matter of time before hilda would land a blow . 
 `` these punches are too powerful for me . 
 i ca n't hold them back for long . 
 what do i do ? 
 what do i do ? '' 
 then , lea noticed a way out of her predicament . 
 while having her arms up , lea rushed in and stood close to hilda , which stopped hilda 's barrage . 
 hilda threw a right hook at lea 's body , but lea parried the punch with her left arm and landed a right hook to hilda 's chin . 
 hilda threw her head to the right , reducing the power of the punch to near nothing . 
 hilda retaliated with a right hook of her own , which lea blocked with her left arm and used the power behind the attack to move out of the ropes . 
 hilda charged in and gave the motion of throwing a right straight , which made lea protect her face . 
 hilda feinted the attack and threw a left hook . 
 the punch launched lea 's guard to the side and threw a right punch at lea 's body . 
 the blow was so powerful that lea bent forward and groaned in pain , but she kept standing . 
 hilda did n't stop there , she threw a left hook , but lea blocked the punch with the right arm . 
 unfortunately , she could n't block its full power and took some damage . 
 lea managed to get away to recover from the blow to her body , but hilda followed as quickly as possible . 
 lea threw a jab , hoping to stop hilda , but it only slowed hilda down momentarily and she rushed in again . 
 lea threw a right straight , doing the 1-2 , but hilda saw it coming and dodged to the left , while launching a right cross to lea . 
 lea ducked the counter , but she was left unbalanced and it took her a moment to recover . 
 hilda threw a left punch at lea 's head , but lea ducked the punch and started to retreat again . 
 after ducking and moving away , lea started to feel fully recovered from the blow to her body and decided to attack hilda . 
 lea believed that , if she attacked with quick and compact punches , then hilda wo n't be able to attack . 
 lea charged in and started an in-fight . 
 lea attacked with quick uppercuts and hooks to hilda 's body , not giving a chance for hilda to hit back , so hilda had to guard herself . 
 everyone could see that lea started to get a rhythm and set the pace to her advantage , since hilda fought mostly in the brawler style . 
 everyone was amazed by the fact that lea decided to attack head-on against hilda , which they thought to be the craziest idea anyone had . 
 `` hey , lea is a crazy , but tough lamia . '' 
 said one member . 
 `` i know man , this is awesome . '' 
 said another member . 
 `` ha , you owe me five bucks , give them here . '' 
 `` that looks like a simple , but effective plan . '' 
 the members kept on going , but alonso was n't amazed by the plan itself . 
 `` true enough , brawlers are n't famous for their quick punches , but because of raw power . 
 attacking them with a relentless attack would make it difficult for them to retaliate , but that 's not what makes it incredible . 
 what makes it incredible is the tremendous courage to fight them face to face , knowing full well that a punch from a brawler could quickly end the fight . '' 
 thought alonso , who was impressed , but he wanted to see something more than that . 
 lea kept her attack against hilda , but everyone knew that lea will eventually get tire and start to slow down . 
 lea 's breathing was getting labored , a sign that she had to stop and take a breather , but she did n't do it . 
 lea simply kept punching , which was a surprise to everyone . 
 `` when is she going to stop ? 
 at this rate , she might collapse because of a lack of air . '' 
 thought hilda in surprise . 
 lea did n't seem to care about it and kept throwing punch after punch . 
 `` well , i 'm not going to just sit here and take it , i have to risk it . '' 
 hilda opened her guard and took a right hook to her body . 
 hilda resisted as much as possible and threw a left hook at lea 's head . 
 lea was n't expecting hilda to resist the hook and took hilda 's blow . 
 lea staggered , stopping her attack in its tracks and hilda used the opportunity to retaliate . 
 hilda landed a right punch on lea 's body again , which made lea slid back in pain . 
 lea did n't recover fast enough and was punched by a left hook to her head again , which almost knocked her down , but she refused to fall . 
 lea 's face was starting to swell , but the determination was still visible in her eyes . 
 lea retaliated with a quick left punch to hilda 's face , which hilda ducked and threw a right at lea 's body . 
 lea parried it to the left and threw a right hook . 
 hilda ducked again and threw a left at lea 's body , but lea quickly blocked it with the right arm . 
 then , hilda threw a right straight , and lea blocked it with the shoulder , but she was pushed back . 
 `` all this punching around wo n't do , guess i 'll have to rise the risk . '' 
 hilda knew that the punches that she was throwing were n't enough . 
 so , she dropped her guard and put her hands to the sides . 
 everyone knew what it meant , hilda wanted to end the match with the next punch , and that was the stance to do it . 
 alinda did n't like what she was seen , and neither did salena . 
 they both knew that taking a punch from hilda at that moment , was almost lethal . 
 they also knew that a minute had passed since the beginning , and lea only needed to survive two more to pass , but hilda wanted to finish it . 
 `` this is bad , that stance may drop the guard completely , but in exchange , it puts more weight in each punch , giving it more power . 
 however , it 's easy to counter , but lea is not a counter-puncher . 
 lea does n't know this , but one of those punches might ko her quickly . '' 
 thought alinda , and she was about to warn lea about it , but lea already started to charge at hilda . 
 salena started to yell at lea to warn her , but it might be too late . 
 `` do n't rush , lea , back off ! '' 
 lea could have sworn that someone was calling her , but she was focused on attacking hilda , seeing that hilda dropped her guard completely to her sides . 
 `` this is it ! 
 i can beat her like this ! 
 i 'm going to make it ! 
 i can do this ! '' 
 thought lea . 
 she rushed in and started to attack with a 1-2 , but hilda dodged with compact movements of her head and started to move to the side . 
 lea tried to follow with left jabs , but hilda either kept distance or dodged , so none of the jabs hit . 
 lea did n't understand why hilda was evading so much . 
 lea realized that hilda was waiting for something , but did n't know what . 
 that made lea keep distance and kept attacking with left jabs , not wanting to fall for something dangerous . 
 after dodging a jab , hilda threw a right , which was fast , and lea blocked it , but that single punch blew away her guard . 
 then , hilda threw a left , which lea barely ducked . 
 lea decided to slide away from hilda , surprised at the insane amounts of strength behind the punch . 
 `` what was that ? 
 my arm almost went numb with that single punch , how did she do that ? '' 
 hilda pursued and launched a left to lea 's face . 
 lea dodged to the left and slid away . 
 unfortunately , lea was close to the ropes and got trapped , which was what hilda wanted to do . 
 hilda rushed in and threw a right , which lea attempted to block . 
 the punch went through lea 's guard and it hit her right in the face . 
 there was no need to keep punching because lea fell to the mat almost instantly . 
 hilda started to slide to the neutral corner , while lea was sitting on the mat with her head down , not moving a single muscle . 
 then , the count started . 
 `` 1 ... 2 '' alonso was counting , while alinda and salena started to call lea . 
 salena even started to hit the mat with her palms . 
 `` leaaaa , come back ! 
 you have to get up ! '' 
 yelled salena . 
 they knew that it was a serious hit , and they started to worry that lea would n't be able to get up . 
 `` 3 ... 4 ... 5 '' alonso was still counting and lea did n't show any signs of been awake or starting to get up . 
 lea was just sitting still . 
 they could n't even see her face because her head was down . 
 suddenly , lea started to lift her right arm and grabbed the rope , which she used to help herself to get up . 
 `` what ... insane strength . 
 if it was n't ... for my guard ... it would have been much worse . 
 this is insane ... someone would normally ... stay down . 
 i could get killed here ... but i do n't want to ... stay down . 
 i ... never did anything worthwhile . '' 
 thought lea while getting up . 
 everyone was amazed , they could n't believe that lea would actually get up , they believed that she was dead . 
 however , they thought that it would have been for the best . 
 `` 6 ... 7 ... 8 '' by the eight count , lea was standing with her hands up . 
 the members thought that it was unbelievable that lea would get up . 
 `` she gave me ... purpose . 
 she gave me ... something worth ... fighting . '' 
 lea was barely standing . 
 hilda could see that lea was slightly swaying to the sides . 
 hilda came out of the neutral corner and started to approach lea with the same stance as before . 
 `` i 'm ... going to keep fighting ... i will ... save her ... even if it kills me ! '' 
 once hilda was in the middle of the ring , she got a good look at lea 's eyes , even felt the air around lea . 
 everyone around the ring could feel a different air around lea , it felt heavy , some could n't move properly . 
 hilda was used to it , so she did n't feel the effects , but she could see that lea had a fighter 's heart and soul . 
 the most important assets for a boxer , and for a world champion . 
 `` that 's it , lass , that 's what we wanted to see in you . 
 that 's what the coach wanted to see . '' 
 thought hilda . 
 she charged in and threw a right punch , which lea tried to guard , but failed . 
 lea was punched in the face again , but did n't fall . 
 instead , lea retaliated with a right uppercut to hilda 's body . 
 hilda rolled with the punch to reduce damage to her body and landed a right punch on lea 's body . 
 lea bent forward , but she held on and threw a left hook at hilda 's head . 
 hilda slid back and dodged the punch , which made lea lose her balance because it was a wide swing . 
 while lea tried to regain her balance , hilda charged in and threw a left , which knocked lea down again . 
 hilda headed back to the neutral corner and alonso started the count again . 
 `` 1 ... 2 ... 3 '' lea grabbed the ropes and started to get up again . 
 `` hey , she wants to keep fighting , this is insane . '' 
 said a member in shock . 
 `` this should be more than enough , why keep going ? '' 
 asked another member . 
 `` 4 ... 5 ... 6 '' `` lea . '' 
 that was the only thing that salena could say . 
 she and alinda did n't know what to say , feeling emotional at the sight of lea 's tenacity . 
 in one part , they knew that lea wanted to join the gym again , but on the other hand , it was was getting too much for her . 
 they did n't know if they should stop the fight or let it keep going . 
 `` 7 ... 8 ... 9 '' lea got up at the ninth count and put her arms up again . 
 hilda once again came out of her neutral corner and started to dash towards lea , who was still in the same spot . 
 then , someone yelled . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 everyone turned their heads towards the source of the voice and it turned out to be alinda , who was looking at lea with disbelief in her eyes . 
 then , everyone turned their heads towards lea , and they did n't notice anything different , but they do after a few moments . 
 hilda had a better look at her , and she was shocked . 
 lea was standing with her hands up , but her eyes were dull . 
 lea was unconscious , but then , she started to slowly move straight towards hilda . 
 once lea was close enough , lea threw a slow and weak right punch at hilda , which hilda blocked with her left hand . 
 lea did n't seem to notice because she kept throwing punches at hilda , which hilda blocked . 
 `` even unconscious , she keeps fighting . '' 
 thought hilda , and it was more than enough for her . 
 salena and alinda got into the ring and started heading towards lea . 
 `` julie . '' 
 thought lea . 
 then , lea reached her limit and started to collapse forward . 
 hilda grabbed lea on time and put her on the floor . 
 then , salena , alinda , and hilda took a seat around the unconscious form of lea . 
 hilda looked back and said to the crowd . 
 `` bring some water for her . '' 
 a member left to get a bucket . 
 after that , the trio went back to looking at lea , who had some swelling on her face and on the left eye , but nothing that required medical attention . 
 `` she 's really amazing , is n't she ? '' 
 said alinda with sadness in her voice . 
 lea just had to survive that last round to be accepted , but it seemed that three different opponents were too much . 
 `` that she is . 
 way different than before . '' 
 said hilda with a smile on her face . 
 then , they wondered what was driving lea 's spirit so much . 
 it could n't be as simple as just joining the gym . 
 it must have been something more important than that . 
 only lea knew what it was , so they were thinking of asking about that later . 
 salena turned towards alonso with a serious expression . 
 `` coach , you have to let lea join . 
 she deserves it after coming this far . '' 
 salena did n't want lea to wake up , just to find out that she was n't allowed to join the gym . 
 `` i have already decided . '' 
 that was all alonso said with a serious expression . 
 `` what does that mean ? 
 decided on what ? '' 
 the coach did n't respond and his face did n't give any clue on what he was talking about . 
 `` coach ! '' 
 `` that 's enough , salena . 
 we ca n't do anything about it . 
 we just have to accept whatever the coach decided . '' 
 said hilda . 
 `` it 's just not fair . 
 after all she went through . '' 
 `` i understand , but the coach has the final word in this . '' 
 salena did n't like the sound of it . 
 she really respected alonso , but she wanted to help her friend . 
 after that , the member brought the bucket of water and gave it to hilda , who simply dumped the water on lea 's face . 
 that brought a reaction from lea , and she started to open her eyes . 
 at first , lea was disoriented , wondering what the trio was doing around her , and sat up . 
 alinda started to take the gloves off of lea 's hands , and lea could see some sadness in her face . 
 lea could also see it in alinda and hilda 's faces , which helped lea remember what happened . 
 `` i lost , right ? '' 
 said lea while looking down in defeat . 
 `` yes . '' 
 is all alinda said . 
 then , lea lifted her eyes and looked at alinda with a smile . 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 i guess ... i was n't strong enough . '' 
 then , lea looked at hilda . 
 `` you 're very strong . 
 no wonder i lost so quickly . '' 
 lea gave them a smile , but they knew that she was just keeping herself from crying . 
 `` you 're not bad yourself . '' 
 said hilda with a smile . 
 the response made lea feel proud , but she was still saddened by the fact that she lost . 
 `` hilda , i 'm - '' lea was about to start apologizing , but hilda stopped her . 
 `` do n't worry , lass . 
 i already forgave you after looking at the new you . '' 
 lea did n't expect it that fast , and it brought her a bigger smile . 
 to make it final , hilda extended her hand . 
 `` hilda o'brien , nice to meet you , lass . '' 
 lea shook the hand and introduced herself . 
 `` lea anderson . '' 
 `` how do you feel , lea ? '' 
 asked salena . 
 `` a little tired , and sore , but i 'll be fine . '' 
 lea tried to joke around , but it failed . 
 salena looked down and said . 
 `` i wish we could do something for you . '' 
 lea put her hands in front of her . 
 `` it 's alright . 
 you guys helped me a lot already . 
 thank you , everyone ... for everything . '' 
 everyone knew that she was just trying to stay strong for them , not wanting them to feel bad about it . 
 then , they heard alonso getting into the ring and approaching lea , which made everyone stand up . 
 alonso was standing in front of lea , just staring at her with an emotionless face , which made lea look away from him . 
 lea extended her hand to alonso and said . 
 `` thank you for the opportunity , sir . 
 i 'm sorry i could n't make it . '' 
 alonso did n't say anything , but he grabbed her hand and shook it . 
 lea smiled because alonso , at the least , shook her hand . 
 then , she felt something in her hand . 
 once alonso let go of her hand , lea checked what was on it and saw a key ring with two keys . 
 alonso started to walk away from her , then stopped and said to lea . 
 `` follow me . '' 
 after he said that , he kept walking . 
 after hearing that , lea started to follow alonso , who was heading towards the stairs near the office . 
 alonso started to walk up the stairs , and lea followed right behind him . 
 `` why are they going to the storeroom ? '' 
 said salena in curiosity . 
 `` i do n't have the slightest clue . '' 
 said alinda . 
 the members around the ring started to question the same thing , wondering why did the coach took lea to the storeroom . 
 they did n't have the time to keep thinking because fergus started to talk . 
 `` okay , that 's enough , everyone , back to your training . 
 some of you have matches coming up . '' 
 after hearing that , everyone went back to their workouts and training . 
 salena and alinda were curious as to why alonso took lea upstairs and decided to follow them . 
 hilda mostly went along because she did n't have anything better to do . 
 lea and alonso went up the stairs until they reached a closed door , which he opened . 
 alonso entered and lea followed after him , and was surprised by what she saw . 
 it was a room full of boxes and other boxing equipment , which were dusty because of their time inside . 
 alonso turned around , looked at lea , and said . 
 `` here 's the living room , on the left is the kitchen and on the right is the wall bed . 
 that door in front is the bathroom . '' 
 alonso finished explaining everything rather quickly for lea . 
 as alonso said , there was a kitchen with a stove and cabinets , but lacked a fridge and a table . 
 on the near right corner , there was a sliding door , which could be a closet . 
 near the top of the right wall , was a handle , which could be pulled to bring down the wall bed . 
 on the front wall , there was another door , which lea did n't go into , but knew that it was a bathroom with a shower , sink , and toilet . 
 on the right and left of the bathroom 's door , there was a window . 
 also , there was a window on the left and right of the door leading to the stairs . 
 once lea got a view of the room , she noticed people behind her , which were alinda , salena , and hilda , waiting in the doorway . 
 alonso saw them and asked them with a frown . 
 `` what are you three doing here ? '' 
 `` why does the storeroom have a wall bed , a bathroom , and a kitchen ? '' 
 asked salena in confusion . 
 `` that could only mean ... is this an apartment ? '' 
 said alinda with wide eyes . 
 `` more like a studio apartment , a really old one . '' 
 said hilda while looking around . 
 `` i used to live here when i started the gym , but i started a family and had to get something bigger than this place . 
 now , i used it just to store old or useless equipment , i did n't want anyone to find out about it because they would be asking to rent it . 
 that would mean no storeroom for me , but now , i 'll have to do something with this stuff later on . '' 
 said alonso , and then , he started to head towards the stairs , but before alonso could leave , lea stopped him . 
 `` why are you showing me this ? 
 what are these keys for ? '' 
 asked lea , who was the most confused from the group , and alonso responded while looking back . 
 `` you do n't have a place of your own , right ? 
 you can stay here for as long as you need it . 
 training will start as soon as you recover from your injuries . 
 got it , chica ? '' 
 after alonso said that , lea got a surprised look , which made him curious . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 lea looked down to the floor while rubbing the back of her head . 
 `` uh , no , it 's nothing . 
 it 's just that ... you have n't called me that for a long time . '' 
 `` i have n't ? 
 i guess , i just remembered it . '' 
 alonso left and the trio entered the studio . 
 none of them saw it , but alonso was happy when he left . 
 `` did i hear right ? 
 lea is going to stay here ? '' 
 asked salena with a smile on her face . 
 `` i was expecting something like that from the coach , but not this much . '' 
 said hilda , who was a little surprised , but happy . 
 `` you knew all along ? '' 
 asked alinda . 
 `` of course , lass . 
 the coach is actually a very kind man . 
 all of this must be to help lea get back on her feet . '' 
 `` is n't that great , lea ? 
 you 're a member again , and you have a place to stay . '' 
 said salena with excitement . . 
 then , she noticed tears on lea 's face , which made her worry . 
 `` lea , what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` i did it . 
 i really ... did it . '' 
 said lea while covering her eyes with her left forearm , and everyone understood what she was talking about . 
 `` just wait , julie , i 'll save you . 
 just hold on a little longer . '' 
 it took lea a few moments to compose herself , happy to know that she passed the challenge . 
 `` now , what do we do with this place ? 
 it lacks many things in here . 
 does the wall bed even have a mattress ? '' 
 asked alinda . 
 `` hey , why do n't we help her with that ? 
 i think we can get a mattress somewhere . '' 
 said salena , who seemed to be having fun already . 
 `` you 're also going to need a fridge . '' 
 said hilda , who was already thinking on how to get one . 
 lea started to wave her hands in front of her . 
 `` w-wait , it 's okay , you 've done a lot for me , and i ca n't keep taking this much without paying back . '' 
 said lea . 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 consider these as gifts for your home . '' 
 said salena with a wave of her hand . 
 `` besides , we want to help you , and friends help each other . '' 
 said alinda with a smile . 
 lea did n't seem to have a way to convince them , so she gave up and went along with it . 
 `` okay , but i 'll pay you back somehow . '' 
 said lea with a serious face . 
 `` alright , she needs a mattress , fridge and - '' said alinda , but she was interrupted by salena . 
 `` food . '' 
 once salena said that , lea 's stomach started to make noise , a lot of noise . 
 everyone turned their eyes towards lea , and they could see lea blushing . 
 `` i-i have n't eaten anything yet . '' 
 lea started to laugh out of embarrassment . 
 `` well , let 's take you out to eat . '' 
 after alinda said that , the group started to head out . 
 `` wait , what about your training ? 
 are you busy today ? '' 
 `` actually , this is our day off , so we have nothing else to do . '' 
 said hilda . 
 `` oh , okay , are you sure ? '' 
 `` yeah , let 's get ready . '' 
 said salena , who could n't wait to go and eat . 
 after that , they headed for the showers on the lower floor . 
 once they finished getting cleaned up after a day of sparring , they head out to eat , mostly for lea . 
 they go to a restaurant nearby for lea to get breakfast , or lunch , since it was midday . 
 after they were seated and they gave their orders , alinda asked a question . 
 `` say , lea , where have you been this whole time after you left the gym ? '' 
 `` well , you know , just going around , nothing important . '' 
 said lea with a nervous smile , which made it easy to see that she was hiding more than that . 
 `` that 's it ? 
 is that really all that you did ? 
 just going around ? '' 
 `` well , i did got into some trouble after that , but i managed somehow . '' 
 `` now that i remember , the coach said that you had nowhere else to go , why is that ? '' 
 alinda and the rest realized that it was a sensitive subject because lea looked at the table . 
 `` i ... i do n't want to talk about it . '' 
 answered lea with pain in her voice , and a face to go along with it . 
 the trio got worried about that response , which lea saw in their faces . 
 `` do n't worry about . 
 it 's in the past after all . 
 i 'm a different person now , i promise . '' 
 lea tried to assure them with a smile . 
 `` well , i do like the new you . '' 
 said salena , who was already calm after looking at lea 's smile . 
 after that , their food arrived on their table , and the conversation about lea 's past was dropped , but everyone , except lea , realized something . 
 `` i also like the new you , lea , but the reason that you changed so much , was because the realization was a painful one . 
 fame and fortune do n't make true friends , just leeches . '' 
 said hilda , and she was hoping that lea did n't have to go through that again . 
 alinda was thinking something a little different than that . 
 `` lea may not realize it , but it left a scar in her mind . 
 i hope she gets better with time . '' 
 salena also had an opinion in the matter . 
 `` well , as long as lea is good , then it 's good enough for me . '' 
 the rest would have agreed to that . 
 at that moment , they were focused on eating their food , more than anything else . 
 after they finished with their meal , they went to get the essentials for lea 's new apartment . 
 they got an old mattress , blankets , a pillow , groceries , and stuff for the bathroom , like soap , a sponge , and shampoo . 
 most of the stuff that they gave to lea was something extra that her friends had or did n't need anymore . 
 lea did n't complain about it , since it was given to her for free , and as the saying goes : beggars ca n't be choosers . 
 they also got a fridge for lea , which was old , but in good condition . 
 they would check if the stove actually worked before deciding what to do with it . 
 when they arrived to the gym , they were expecting some stares from the members . 
 to lea 's group surprise , the members were focused on their training , so there was nothing eventful , until the group entered the apartment . 
 the place was clean of dust and the boxes were gone . 
 `` did the coach cleaned up while we were gone ? '' 
 asked salena in wonder . 
 `` maybe he asked for help , since he could n't do this all on his own . '' 
 answered alinda , but someone from behind them said . 
 `` actually , the members helped up as well . '' 
 lea 's group turned around and found alfred . 
 `` the coach asked them to help clean up . 
 in exchange they would n't have to worry about the membership fee for a while . 
 he even got someone to repair the stove and checked the bathroom . '' 
 said alfred with a smile . 
 `` the coach did all that ? 
 for me ? '' 
 asked lea , who could n't believe that alonso would go that far . 
 `` yeah , but if you ask him in person , he would say that it 's an investment . 
 the coach is n't good at showing his kind side to everyone . '' 
 that made lea look down , not knowing how to pay alonso back for all his help . 
 hilda saw that and put a hand on lea 's shoulder . 
 `` well , that means that you got to work hard on your training . '' 
 said hilda , and she knew that she did n't have to worry about that because lea looked at hilda and nodded in agreement . 
 `` wait , we forgot something . '' 
 said alinda , who mentally reprimanded herself for forgetting something so important . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 asked hilda . 
 `` clothes , lea does n't seem to have anything else right now . '' 
 alinda looked at lea 's clothing and everyone followed her gaze . 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 i can give her some of my old clothes for her . 
 it 's not the best , but is better than nothing . 
 i 'll bring them later . '' 
 `` you think they will fit her ? 
 you 're not exactly what many would call average . '' 
 `` says the smallest one of the group . '' 
 hilda 's comment brought a pout on alinda 's face . 
 after salena saw that , she hugged alinda , and said in a playful tone . 
 `` but that 's what makes you cute . '' 
 the comment got rid of the pout and brought a flush in its place . 
 lea did n't understand what she was looking , so she just let it go without a comment . 
 once the teasing was done and the clothing decided , they started to set up everything . 
 after a few hours , the apartment was ready for lea . 
 as a celebration for lea 's acceptance into the gym and her new apartment , they cooked and ate in lea 's place . 
 after they finished , alinda , salena , and hilda decided to call it a day and headed to their respective homes , leaving lea to enjoy her time alone . 
 lea started to move around her new home , lost in her own thoughts . 
 she knew that it was just the beginning . 
 starting from that point , the road to her goal will be much more difficult , filled with strong opponents . 
 lea did n't have anywhere else to go , so she stayed all day in her apartment , resting as alonso said . 
 once it was night time , someone knocked on lea 's door and lea answered . 
 it turned out to be alonso , and he had a business-like expression on his face . 
 `` lea , we need to talk about something . '' 
 said alonso and lea let him in . 
 `` as you know , i ca n't keep this place going without money , and as far as i know , you do n't have a job . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 answered lea , who dropped her eyes to the floor . 
 `` so , i have come up with a solution . '' 
 lea lifted her gaze from the floor and gave him her full attention . 
 `` uh , yes , what is it ? '' 
 `` you 're going to help around the gym , in exchange for the room . 
 you will clean up the place , do errands for us , and help the members with their training . 
 considering your past , it might be hard for you to get a job . '' 
 lea could n't deny it . 
 she did some insane and ridiculous things in her past . 
 `` uh , yes , i 'll help with anything that i can . '' 
 `` good , then you better get ready , tomorrow is going to be a long day for you . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 lea was enthusiastic about it , which softened alonso , but he did n't let it show . 
 `` come with me , i 'll teach you how to close the place . '' 
 they both headed into the gym . 
 alonso taught lea how to close the gym and how he expected the place to be like . 
 that was how lea 's career as a boxer started again . 
 chapter 5 : the first step it was early morning . 
 the sun was barely starting to rise , and many people were still enjoying their sleep . 
 lea was no exception , she was still in dreamland in her new bed , in her new apartment , and all was good . 
 then , someone started to pound on the door , startling lea from her sleep . 
 `` w-what 's going on ? '' 
 asked lea , who got out of bed and headed to the door . 
 once she was close enough , she heard alonso 's voice . 
 `` oye , chica , wake up , is time to open the gym . '' 
 after hearing alonso , lea opened the door . 
 alonso could see that lea was enjoying her sleep . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 lea was half-sleep at the moment . 
 `` if i 'm not mistaken , six o'clock . '' 
 `` six in the morning ? 
 the gym opens at that time ? '' 
 lea was surprised and fully awake . 
 `` actually , we open at seven , but i got to teach you all that you need to open the gym . 
 now , get ready and come down . '' 
 after saying that , alonso went back to the gym , while lea went to change into her uniform . 
 once ready , lea went downstairs and found alonso waiting for her . 
 then , alonso started to explain how to open the gym and the chores that she would be doing in the gym . 
 for example : cleaning the equipment , cleaning the gym , fixing the equipment , cleaning the ring , and so on . 
 lea could tell that the work alone will leave her exhausted , and she was going to train , but mostly when the chores in the gym were done . 
 once the explanation was over , she went back to her apartment and ate some breakfast , which was mostly a bowl of cereal because she had poor cooking skills . 
 then , the moment of truth arrived in no time , the gym opened at exactly seven o'clock , which indicated lea 's first day of work . 
 when lea opened , a few members entered and headed to the locker room to get in their uniforms . 
 the gym was alone again , except for lea and alonso . 
 while the members were changing , alonso ordered lea to go and clean the boxing gloves that they kept in the gym . 
 lea simply did what she was told . 
 lea sprayed them with a disinfecting chemical while the members were changing . 
 then , they came out and started to do their stretches , which lea hoped that it would give the gloves enough time to dry off . 
 fortunately , after they were done stretching , they went out , and lea did n't know why . 
 `` coach , are they going home already ? '' 
 asked lea while cleaning the rest of the gloves . 
 `` no , they 're doing their roadwork . '' 
 answered alonso . 
 he took a seat in one of the benches and was reading some documents . 
 `` roadwork ? 
 what 's that ? '' 
 `` basically , they went to run a certain route i gave them . 
 it helps them build up speed and stamina . 
 since some of them are of different species , i gave them a different route to each one of them , some longer or shorter than the other . '' 
 `` it sounds kind of simple . '' 
 `` hmph , simple , but by no means easy . 
 most of them leave the gym after doing a single roadwork . 
 they are simply not cut out for the boxing world if they ca n't work hard enough . '' 
 after alonso said that , he got up from the bench and went to his office , while lea stayed to finish cleaning the remaining gloves . 
 then , she was told to clean the punching bags with a special chemical that kept the punching bags in better condition . 
 by the time lea was finished with the punching bags , more members arrived , and some of them came back from their roadwork . 
 at eight o'clock , fergus arrived at the gym , going straight to the locker room to change into his uniform . 
 half an hour later , salena , alinda , and hilda arrive at the gym , while lea was cleaning the floor . 
 `` good morning , lea . '' 
 greeted alinda in a civilized manner and with a friendly smile . 
 `` morning , lea . '' 
 greeted salena with a big wave of her hand , even though they were n't that far from each other , but she was happy to see a friend . 
 `` morning , lass . '' 
 greeted hilda , who looked like she wanted to go back to sleep . 
 `` morning , everyone . '' 
 lea stopped sweeping the floors to greet them and gave her attention to them . 
 lea 's smile was n't enough to show her delight at been greeted by her new friends . 
 `` seems you 're getting the hang of it , how does it feel to work in the gym ? '' 
 `` it feels good to work this close to my apartment , so i 'll do my best to do a good job . '' 
 `` glad to hear that . 
 well , we 're going to get change , see you in a bit . '' 
 said alinda , and she excused herself , along with the rest of the group . 
 they headed to the locker room while lea kept cleaning the gym . 
 later on , the trio came out of the locker room and started to do their stretches , just like everyone else , and went to do their roadwork . 
 lea kept cleaning and maintaining the gym , until alonso called for her . 
 `` it 's nine o'clock . 
 you can go ahead and take a break . '' 
 said alonso . 
 `` okay , thank you . '' 
 answered lea . 
 she went to a bench in the gym and sat down . 
 lea was actually tired of getting everything clean and ready for the members . 
 she could n't complain because she got a free apartment . 
 at that moment , lea realized that she had n't started her own training , so she was wondering when was it going to start . 
 lea hoped that it was as soon as possible because she wanted to be ready to return to the ring and start helping julie 's home group . 
 of course , she did n't want to sound pushy , so she decided to wait until the moment arrived . 
 after lea 's break was over , alonso called for her . 
 `` oye , chica , come here . '' 
 said alonso , and lea headed straight for the coach . 
 `` hey , coach , need me for something ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` come over here , i 'm going to teach you some stretches for your tail . '' 
 `` stretches ? 
 for what ? '' 
 `` i 'll explain later , for now , just pay attention and do it . '' 
 after alonso said that , he showed her how to do some stretches and lea did what she was told . 
 once alonso was satisfied , he told her to stop . 
 once lea stopped with her stretches , alonso said . 
 `` take this . '' 
 alonso handed lea a piece of paper , which lea opened , and took a look . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 `` your route , you 're going to slide as fast as you can and arrive here as soon as you can . 
 i 'm going to take time to see how much it takes you . '' 
 `` okay , i 'm going now . '' 
 said lea with confidence and headed to the door , but before she could get out , alonso stopped her . 
 `` esperate , chica , you 're forgetting something . '' 
 after alonso said that , he went to a section of the gym and brought something that looked heavy . 
 the item looked like a vest , but lea could see that it was designed for something . 
 `` now , put this on . '' 
 lea did as told and put the vest on . 
 lea could feel that it was heavy , so it could only mean one thing : it was a weight vest . 
 `` i know that doing this route would be easy for you . 
 so , to make it more difficult , i 'll make you wear this on . 
 it might be annoying , but it will develop more speed than what you already have . 
 you ready for this ? '' 
 `` yes , coach ! '' 
 lea answered with determination in her eyes . 
 `` then go . '' 
 with that said , lea left the gym and started her roadwork . 
 lea was sliding as fast as she could with the weight vest on , but it proved to be more difficult than she thought . 
 however , lea refused to give up so easily and kept going . 
 after sliding for 20 minutes , she started to show signs of exhaustion , so she started to slide slower than before . 
 while sliding , lea looked around the area that the route was going through . 
 lea was mostly passing through residential areas and parks , making the roadwork a little more enjoyable , but it did n't take away the exhaustion . 
 40 minutes have passed and she had done two thirds of the way , leaving another third of the way to go . 
 lea was barely holding on and started to slow down again . 
 she knew that going slow was n't going to cut it , she had to go faster , but her body could n't hold on any longer at the moment . 
 an hour had passed and lea could barely see the gym at the distance , but she was going slow . 
 in the end , she reached the gym in one hour and eleven minutes . 
 alonso was waiting outside of the gym with a watch in hand . 
 `` one hour and eleven minutes . 
 take a break and continue with your chores in the gym . '' 
 ordered alonso while lea tried to catch her breath . 
 `` wait ... was ... was it good ? '' 
 asked lea while trying to catch her breath . 
 `` not one bit , even with the weight vest , you should have made it in about forty to thirty minutes . '' 
 the answer surprised lea , not knowing that someone could slide faster than her with the weight vest on . 
 alonso could see that lea was saddened by the news . 
 `` do n't let it get to you like that , it simply means that you have to get back in shape again . '' 
 alonso did n't want to go easy on lea , but it was kind of hard for him . 
 he hoped that lea did n't get lazy because of that . 
 those words quickly lifted lea 's spirits . 
 `` yeah ... you 're ... you 're right , coach . 
 i simply have to ... work hard , this is just the beginning . '' 
 after alonso heard that , he realized that he wo n't have to worry about her lack of diligence . 
 after that , lea went inside the gym and took a seat in one of the benches . 
 `` of course it would be bad , i 'm not strong enough . 
 i 'll just have to work hard from now on . 
 just wait , julie . 
 i 'm going to make it . '' 
 after lea 's break , she started to clean the gym and the equipment again . 
 then , salena approached her . 
 `` hey , lea , i heard you went to do your roadwork , how did it went ? '' 
 asked salena , who was eager to hear about it . 
 `` i did n't do it in a good time . 
 it took me around half an hour longer than normal . '' 
 answered lea , and salena could see that lea was hoping to do better . 
 `` do n't worry about it too much . 
 it 's been a long time since the last time you did a proper roadwork . 
 with enough time and hard work , you 'll be doing it in less time before you know it . '' 
 salena 's words brought a smile to lea . 
 `` thanks , salena . '' 
 after lea said that , something came to her mind . 
 `` salena , can i ask you something ? '' 
 `` of course , what is it ? '' 
 `` when did you started boxing ? '' 
 `` let 's see ... around 5 years ago . '' 
 `` whoa , no wonder you have that much experience , what made you get into it ? '' 
 `` well , you see ... i live with my mother and little sister . 
 my father left when i was 8 years old and we never saw or heard from him again . 
 so , that means that my mother had to do full time job and less time to be with her daughters . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry for bringing that up , it must have been personal . '' 
 `` it 's okay . 
 it 's been a long time now . '' 
 `` so , you picked boxing to help your family ? '' 
 `` yup , i did n't earn a lot from other jobs , so i started sliding around in frustration , but then , i saw it . 
 it was a poster advertising a match , with a price on the tickets . 
 that 's when i thought to myself , ` if they give me a part from the ticket sales , then i 'll make a lot of money ' . 
 also , it would give me more time to spend with my sister and help around the house . 
 so , i decided to become a boxer , and the fortunately for me , this gym was close to the poster . 
 so , i applied here and i 'm still here . '' 
 `` it 's really amazing what you 're doing . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 well , i have to go back to my training , talk to you later . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 after lea said that , salena went back to training . 
 while working , lea saw alinda resting in another bench with sweat dripping from her face . 
 lea approached alinda . 
 `` hey , do you need water or a towel ? '' 
 alinda turned towards lea and saw that lea wanted to be helpful , which made alinda happy . 
 `` i have both in my bag . 
 can you pass them to me , please ? '' 
 asked alinda . 
 `` of course . '' 
 said lea . 
 she eagerly headed to where alinda was pointing and found her bag . 
 lea looked inside the bag , found what she was looking for , and took it back to alinda . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 alinda drank some water and wiped some of her sweat off . 
 `` i do n't like to be rude , but what were you and salena talking about ? '' 
 asked alinda with a smile . 
 `` just about her story of why she picked up boxing . '' 
 after lea said that , she started to worry that maybe , she did something that she was n't supposed to do . 
 `` was it bad for me to ask ? '' 
 `` oh no , i was just curious , that 's all . '' 
 alinda used a smile to show that there was nothing to worry about . 
 it brought lea some relief , knowing that she did n't do anything wrong . 
 `` oh , okay . 
 so , what about you ? '' 
 `` i started boxing around the same age as salena . 
 my family owns a small shop of groceries , which is not that big , but we tend to have a good amount of different things . '' 
 `` is everything okay in the shop ? '' 
 `` yeah , do n't worry about it , but i do want it to be bigger , more popular . 
 so i thought of sponsoring the store , to let people know about it . 
 unfortunately , i did n't know how to do it , but then , i saw a boxing match on tv by accident and saw the sponsoring they were doing . 
 so , i thought to myself ` that 's how i 'm going to do it ' , then i found this place and started training . '' 
 `` that 's a good story . '' 
 `` not really , i 'm not in any predicament or anything of the sort . '' 
 alinda looked at a clock . 
 `` it 's nice talking with you , but i have to go back to training . 
 maybe we can talk some other time . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 after lea said that , alinda got up from the bench , excused herself , and headed to a punching bag . 
 after alinda left , lea started to realize something . 
 she did n't know about hilda 's reason to be boxing . 
 lea did n't have to wonder for long because hilda came into the gym , probably back from her roadwork . 
 lea quickly headed to hilda and asked with eagerness . 
 `` hey hilda , when did you started boxing ? '' 
 `` whoa , lass , ca n't you let me rest for a bit ? 
 i just came back from my roadwork . '' 
 asked hilda in surprise while heading to a nearby bench to sit . 
 `` oh , yeah , sorry . 
 it 's just that , i never thought of why you guys started boxing , but now , i have the chance to know . 
 besides , i really liked alinda 's and salena 's stories . '' 
 hilda could see lea 's eagerness to know and it made her smile . 
 `` well , my story might be something sadder , compared to their stories . 
 you see , my family is actually the owner of a beer company . '' 
 `` so , you 're rich ?! '' 
 `` not anymore , my family is very catholic , and i mean very catholic . 
 not everyone , but most of them are , and when they found out that i liked women , they disowned me . '' 
 lea could see that hilda was n't sad about it , but hilda looked at it as if it was something funny . 
 then , lea realized something that left her surprised . 
 `` wait , you too ? '' 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` you like girls ? '' 
 `` yup , is not like i hide it or anything , but no one seems to care in the boxing world . 
 i mean , you did n't hide it at all , you were practically going around with that girl . '' 
 after hilda said that , she realized that something must have happened because when she said ` that girl ' , lea had a slight reaction to it . 
 hilda did n't like the reaction and quickly kept going . 
 `` anyways , they found out , kick me out , and i led a life of nothing but bar brawls and what not . 
 some of my family were generous enough to give me a place to stay , it was small , but i ca n't really complain . 
 after one of my bar fights , i got arrested , but the coach saw me in the fight . 
 then , he went to the station that i was been held on and gave me a proposition , to join or stay in jail . 
 of course , i chose to join the gym , and here i am . '' 
 `` whoa , at least , everything worked out for you . 
 how long have you been doing this ? '' 
 `` six years . '' 
 `` whoa , you 're really experienced . '' 
 after lea said that , something hit her mind . 
 `` wait a minute , if you and i like girls , then what about salena and alinda ? '' 
 `` well , is not like they hide it either , but it would be best if you ask them . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 lea left hilda alone and headed for alinda , who was punching the sandbag . 
 once lea got close , she got alinda 's attention . 
 `` umm , alinda ? '' 
 `` hey , lea , what is it ? '' 
 asked alinda while she kept punching the bag . 
 `` do you like girls ? '' 
 the sudden question surprised alinda so much , that she missed a left punch , which went to the side of the bag . 
 `` w-where did that question come from ? '' 
 `` i-i 'm sorry , i just discovered that hilda likes girls , like me , and i just wonder if you and salena like girls too . '' 
 lea started to worry about her question , but alinda did n't look angry , so lea quickly calmed down . 
 `` well , yes , i do too . '' 
 `` how did your family took it ? '' 
 `` they actually took it well , they were surprised at first , but they still loved me in the end . 
 i 'm still their daughter , regardless of my preferences . '' 
 the memory brought a smile to alinda . 
 `` phew , i feel better knowing that there are people like me . '' 
 `` why 's that ? '' 
 `` uh , no reason , just saying . '' 
 alinda was n't buying it completely , but decided to let it go . 
 `` now , i 'm going to ask salena . '' 
 lea quickly left alinda . 
 `` i wonder why she 's so eager to know . '' 
 alinda wanted to find out why , but she was busy with her training and decided to ask some other time . 
 lea found salena working in the speed bag and slid straight to her . 
 once lea got close , salena noticed lea and stopped with the speed bag . 
 `` hey , lea , what 's up ? '' 
 asked salena . 
 `` do you like girls ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` yup . '' 
 `` whoa , that was quick . 
 it does n't bother you that i ask ? '' 
 `` i do n't see why , is it suppose to ? '' 
 asked salena in confusion . 
 `` uh , no , i just was n't expecting it that quick . 
 so , how did your mother took it ? '' 
 `` as far as i remember , she looked like she was expecting it . 
 she said that i have liked girls since i was very young . 
 why do you ask ? '' 
 `` uh , no reason , just wanted to know . 
 thanks for telling me , i 'm sorry for interrupting you . '' 
 `` oh , okay , no problem . '' 
 after salena said that , lea left to keep working on her chores , while salena kept working on the speed bag . 
 the day went on as normal , with lea working and the members training . 
 then , she went to take her break and went to the apartment to rest . 
 once the break was done , alonso called for her again . 
 alonso was waiting besides the ring with some mitts on his hands . 
 once lea was close to him , alonso said . 
 `` go get some gloves on . 
 we 're going to start training again . '' 
 `` wait , training ? 
 really ? '' 
 asked lea , who could n't believe that she would begin so quickly . 
 it was like an answered prayer . 
 `` yup , now go get the gloves . '' 
 alonso hoped to get started , but did n't mind lea 's joy to start training again . 
 `` okay , i 'll be right back . '' 
 lea left to get some gloves , put them on , and got back into the ring , where the coach was already waiting . 
 `` okay , all you have to do is hit these mitts in the order and with the punches that i say . 
 got it ? '' 
 `` yes , coach . '' 
 answered lea with enthusiasm . 
 `` all right , let 's start with a jab . '' 
 alonso lifted one of the mitts and lea hit it with a jab . 
 `` good , now hit with two jabs . '' 
 lea did as ordered and hit with two jabs . 
 `` you seem to know how to throw a proper jab . 
 now , give me a 1-2 . '' 
 lea executed the combo without a problem . 
 `` not bad , but you could use other combinations than just those ones . '' 
 `` okay , what combination should i do ? '' 
 `` since you 're an in-fighter , you should use close range combinations . 
 let 's try a 5-6 combination . '' 
 `` 5-6 ? 
 what 's that one ? '' 
 `` left uppercut , right uppercut . '' 
 `` oh , okay . '' 
 lea was a little disappointed , but executed the combination . 
 `` coach , why do the punches have a number ? '' 
 `` it 's easier to say the number , than the whole name of it . 
 let me tell you the numbers : 1 is a jab , 2 is a straight right , 3 is a left hook , 4 is a right hook , 5 is left uppercut and 6 is right uppercut . 
 got all that ? '' 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 `` good , now try a 3-4 . '' 
 lea did it without problem because they were short ones and easy to do . 
 alonso wanted lea to get comfortable with weight shifting and learning close range combinations , instead of the long range ones . 
 it also helped to develop a rhythm , which was something very important for every boxer to have . 
 the mitts were making a loud noise throughout the gym , which lea did n't notice because she was completely focused on the mitts . 
 lea and alonso kept going for three minutes . 
 after the three minutes , alonso ordered a stop . 
 `` not bad , you really have the hang of it , and i like the defense you have there . 
 you just have to make it second nature . '' 
 alonso noticed that the peek-a-boo was a good defense for lea because she seemed to be more effective at close range . 
 `` yeah , it helped me a lot when i fought against my friends . '' 
 `` good , we 'll work on it some other time . 
 for now , rest for a minute and you 'll keep practicing combinations . '' 
 just as alonso said , lea rested for a full minute , and went back to punching the mitts with different combinations . 
 alonso did n't say it before , but they were training in stamina and to see how long could lea go at the moment . 
 on the third set , lea started to practice some long range combinations involving jabs and straights . 
 by the time they reached the fourth round , which was nine minutes plus 3 minutes of resting , lea was showing signs of exhaustion . 
 alonso considered it a good thing . 
 boxers that fight for 4 rounds should be able to last all four rounds in the beginning , and later on , 6 to 8 , and finally , 10 rounds . 
 lea would have to train more with her stamina by doing roadwork and punching the mitts . 
 once the 4 rounds were over , lea fell to the mat and tried to catch her breath . 
 `` not a bad beginning , but i noticed that you lasted this much because you did n't get punched , and you 're kind of slow when compared to the other lamia boxers . 
 we 'll be focusing on those two things , and after that , we 'll work on strength . '' 
 `` okay ... thank you ... for your ... time . '' 
 lea was still trying to catch her breath when alonso finished talking , but her breathing started to calm down . 
 `` good , take a break so you can go back to your chores . '' 
 after alonso said that , lea went to a nearby bench and sat on it . 
 lea took off her gloves and started to wipe off the sweat from her face with her hands , until someone from behind gave her a towel . 
 lea turned around and saw alfred . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 lea was a little shy with him , since she did n't remember him very well . 
 `` i see he 's making you work hard . '' 
 said alfred with a friendly smile . 
 `` yeah , it 's really tiring , but it does n't bother me at all . '' 
 alfred could see that lea was glad to be training properly . 
 `` really ? 
 people usually complain about how tired they are . '' 
 `` well , it 's easier to endure when you 're enjoying the training . '' 
 `` that 's true . '' 
 after alfred said that , they went silent , which made lea uncomfortable . 
 `` you know , this is the most that we have talked alone . '' 
 `` the most ? '' 
 asked lea in surprise . 
 `` yup , you were n't that sociable when you got here on the first day . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm sorry . '' 
 lea looked down to the floor . 
 `` do n't worry about it , that 's in the past now . 
 what matters is that your back and working properly . '' 
 those words brought relief to lea , knowing that he held no grudge against her . 
 `` thanks , alfred . '' 
 `` no problem . 
 well , i have to get back to work . 
 nice talking with you , good luck with your training . '' 
 after alfred said that , he started to head out of the gym . 
 `` thank you , good luck on your work . '' 
 alfred heard that , looked back , and said . 
 `` thanks , i 'm actually going to need it . '' 
 then , alfred left the gym , leaving lea wondering what he meant by that . 
 the day went as normal , with lea doing chores in the gym and the members training all the way to evening . 
 around that time , some of the members started to leave the gym , which was most of them . 
 that left only a few members who were still training , including alinda , salena , and hilda . 
 once that happened , alonso called lea . 
 `` oye , chica , come here . '' 
 lea was cleaning the ring , but stopped as soon as alonso called her . 
 lea picked her cleaning stuff and went straight to alonso . 
 `` yes , coach ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` you 're done with cleaning duty . 
 now , you 're going to be training for the rest of the gym 's hours . '' 
 `` oh , okay , what am i going to be doing today ? '' 
 asked lea with enthusiasm . 
 `` to begin with , you can put that stuff away . '' 
 `` oh , yeah . '' 
 after lea said that , she put the cleaning equipment away , and got back to alonso . 
 alonso put lea to do some weight lifting , and work on the punching bags . 
 that kept going until the gym actually had to close for the day , which by then , lea was exhausted from the training . 
 `` okay , this is all for today . 
 once you rest up , you can go ahead and start closing the gym . '' 
 `` okay , thanks for the training . '' 
 lea sounded so grateful , that it touched alonso . 
 `` no need to thank me , tell the other members who are still here that the gym is closing . '' 
 after alonso said that , he headed to the locker room to change clothes , while lea stayed on the bench that she was resting on . 
 once lea was fully rested , she started to tell the other members that the gym was closing . 
 alinda , salena , and hilda already left hours ago , but they gave their goodbyes before going home . 
 all members heard the news and started to head for the showers , while lea started to clean the equipment . 
 the members finished with their showers , changed into their street clothes , and said good-bye to lea . 
 that was a little surprising for lea , since she did n't know that many people , but she returned their farewells . 
 `` i guess is the fact that we are all boxers here . '' 
 alonso was the last person to come out of the locker room , ready to head home . 
 before doing so , he went to lea . 
 `` lea , i have something to say to you . '' 
 said alonso with a serious voice . 
 `` is something wrong ? '' 
 lea stopped what she was doing at the moment to give her full attention to alonso . 
 `` i know that you want to fight as soon as you can , but i 'm not sure when that will be , especially after what you did before the committee suspended you for a year . 
 something like that was n't easy to forget , nor forgive . '' 
 `` so ... i wo n't be able to fight again ? '' 
 `` do n't worry , you will have a match , but i do n't know if alfred can get you one . 
 he 's going to talk with the committee to see if you are free to have a match . 
 in the meantime , just keep up with your training , and once you are ready , i 'll ask alfred and see if he managed something . '' 
 `` okay , i 'll do my best to get in proper shape . '' 
 lea was n't willing to give up , which alonso could see . 
 `` glad to hear that . 
 close up and make sure to go to bed early , you have to open tomorrow . '' 
 `` do n't worry , coach , i 'll open in time . '' 
 `` alright , have a good night , chica . '' 
 after alonso said that , he left the gym and went home . 
 once lea finished cleaning everything in the gym , she started to close the gym . 
 lea double checked that everything was in its place , and once she was finished , she went to her apartment . 
 lea did n't have anything that could be entertaining . 
 she did n't even have a phone to call anyone . 
 she simply had the minimum to live in the apartment . 
 lea would have to put the rest . 
 at the moment , she was completely broke . 
 with nothing else to do , lea took a shower and ate something for dinner , which was cereal . 
 lea could , at the very least , make a few simple dishes , but that was it . 
 once lea was done with her food and she let it digest , she decided to go to bed . 
 before falling asleep , she started to wonder what julie was doing . 
 lea was hoping that everything was going well with julie and the house . 
 lea remembered the directions to julie 's house , so she could go and pay julie a visit . 
 unfortunately , lea did n't know what days was julie off from her job as the owner of the whole place . 
 lea could n't think anything further than that because sleep soon took her to dreamland before she knew it . 
 it was a new day at the home group . 
 everyone was waking at their own hour , and julie was no different , especially since she was the owner of the house . 
 nevertheless , julie woke up at a decent hour , took her shower , and put proper clothes , which were a pair of jeans and a t-shirt . 
 julie wore that because she had nowhere important to go and she was in her house . 
 once she was ready , she headed down to the cafeteria to get her breakfast . 
 julie entered the cafeteria and she could see that the cooks were already done preparing breakfast . 
 then , she headed straight to the kitchen and greeted one of the cooks . 
 `` morning , lucy . '' 
 greeted julie with a smile . 
 `` hey , julie , how are you this morning ? '' 
 asked lucy , who was happy to see julie up and about . 
 `` i 'm starving , what are we having today ? '' 
 asked julie while rubbing her stomach . 
 `` we prepared some omelets , but we thought of letting the kids decide what they want in it . '' 
 `` great , can i have mine with bacon and ham , please ? '' 
 the question made lucy chuckle and said . 
 `` sometimes , i wonder how can you eat this kind of meals and still avoid getting fat . '' 
 `` who knows ? 
 i guess i 'm just lucky . '' 
 julie made a playful pose , like she was proud of it . 
 `` or maybe they go to a certain place , if you know what i mean . '' 
 lucy looked at julie 's chest , which made julie cover her breasts and made a shocked face . 
 `` oh , stop it , or they might think you swing the same way that i do . '' 
 after julie said that , they both start laughing . 
 `` all right , all right , i 'll get your food ready . '' 
 lucy went to the kitchen , leaving julie waiting on her own . 
 julie decided to look around to kill time , and her eyes fell on the table that she and lea shared over a week ago . 
 `` i wonder how she 's doing right now . 
 did she found a place to stay ? 
 did she have something to eat ? '' 
 julie 's mind wandered off so far , that she did n't notice someone calling her . 
 the person could see that calling julie was n't working , and so , the person decided to tap her in the head with something . 
 the tap got a reaction from julie . 
 `` huh , what ? '' 
 julie turned around and found lucy , who was holding a tray with an omelet in one hand and the other hand was holding a clean spatula . 
 `` julie , are you okay ? 
 i 've been trying to tell you that your food is ready . '' 
 julie could see that lucy was worried . 
 `` oh , yeah , sorry . '' 
 julie felt silly for spacing out like that . 
 `` is it about your friend ? '' 
 the question left julie a little surprised . 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 `` well , you were looking at that table , which if my mind is n't starting to fail me now , is where you and lea were sitting together . '' 
 after lucy said that , julie put a longing face . 
 `` yeah , i just wondered if she was alright . '' 
 `` well , i can understand that , but i also think that you miss having a friend . '' 
 `` but , you 're my friend , i have friends in here . '' 
 `` i mean a friend of your age . 
 you focus so much on your work that you do n't give yourself some time to go out and make friends . '' 
 `` i guess you 're right . 
 you think i should take some vacations ? '' 
 `` of course , this place wo n't close down just because you took a few days for yourself . 
 go out , have fun , find a nice girl . 
 who knows ? 
 you might see lea somewhere nearby . '' 
 that was what lucy hoped for , because it would brighten julie 's day . 
 `` i do n't know about that , she could be in another city as far as i know . '' 
 `` who knows ? 
 fate is a funny thing after all . 
 well , you better go and eat your breakfast before it gets cold . '' 
 `` all right , talk to you later . '' 
 after julie said that , she went to a table , took a seat , and ate her breakfast . 
 once she finished her breakfast , she decided to go to her office and see how they were doing at the moment . 
 julie entered her office , which looked clean and in order because that was the kind of person that she was . 
 the moment that julie took a seat behind her desk , nick entered the office to give a report . 
 `` so , how are we doing right now ? 
 please tell me is going well . '' 
 `` not good enough , we are getting some money , but not enough to pay off the interest , not even to pay the actual debt . 
 i 'm afraid that it might be another close one , but if we are lucky , we could get another year . 
 although , considering that the bank tends to come up with whatever excuse to make the debt even harder to pay , we might need something close to a miracle to keep going another year . '' 
 said nick . 
 `` it feels like we are going around in a limbo , neither losing nor winning anything . '' 
 said julie , who was frustrated by the situation . 
 `` i know what you mean , but we ca n't give up so easily . 
 as long as there is hope , we can find a way out of this . '' 
 nick 's optimism lifted julie 's mood . 
 `` of course , mataya never gave up when things looked grim , we just have to think of something . '' 
 they spent a while thinking of how they could pay up the debt , but nothing effective came up and decided to leave it for the day . 
 nick went to his office to work on the accounts , leaving julie to work in her office . 
 after a few hours of work , she decided to take her break , which she could take anytime that she wanted , but wanted to be fair with the other staff members . 
 julie thought it would be a good idea to have some fresh air , and so , she went to the backyard . 
 julie reached the backyard , which had toys and benches close to the house . 
 julie took a seat on one of the benches and watched the kids play . 
 after a few moments , she started to think about lea and made a small wish . 
 `` i hope everything is going well for you . '' 
 julie knew that moping around was n't going to help , and so , she decided to have faith in lea and hope for her safety . 
 the kids that were playing noticed julie sitting on a bench and walked up to her . 
 `` hey , julie , do you want to play with us ? '' 
 asked one of the kids . 
 `` okay , let 's play . '' 
 answered julie with a smile . 
 `` yay , julie is playing ! '' 
 everyone , including julie , headed to the field and played . 
 after playing for two hours , julie decided to head back to her office , just to find a lot of paperwork to do and nick waiting for her . 
 `` please tell me this is not true . '' 
 begged julie . 
 `` unfortunately , it is . 
 now that you enjoyed your longer-than-normal break , you have some paperwork to do . '' 
 answered nick with a playful smile . 
 julie dropped her shoulders and groaned in displeasure . 
 `` this is going to take forever . '' 
 and so , julie worked all the way until evening , which left her so exhausted that the only thing she wanted to do was go to her room , take a shower , and head straight to bed . 
 before falling asleep , julie made another wish . 
 `` good night , lea . 
 i hope to see you again . '' 
 it was another day at the gym , with lea maintaining the gym , helping any other member that needed her help , and keeping up with her training . 
 everything was normal , until alonso and alfred approached lea . 
 `` chica , we have some news for you . '' 
 announced alonso , and lea could see in their faces that it was something important . 
 `` what 's going on , coach ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` nothing to worry about , i 'll let alfred explain the situation . '' 
 alfred took this as the moment to start talking . 
 `` you see , i went to the committee to see if you were able to fight again . 
 after all , the suspension was supposed to be only a year , but they seemed to be trying to avoid the subject . 
 i just came back from talking with them and we reached to an agreement . '' 
 said alfred , and it got the attention of alinda , salena , and hilda , mostly because they were close by , but they also wanted to know about the situation with lea . 
 `` hey , what 's going on ? 
 is lea in trouble ? '' 
 asked salena . 
 `` nothing of the sort , but i 'm sure that it would be interesting for everyone . '' 
 answered alfred . 
 `` why 's that ? '' 
 asked alinda . . 
 `` well , they agreed to let lea fight again , but under one condition . '' 
 said alfred . 
 `` a condition ? '' 
 asked hilda . 
 `` yes , lea is free to fight again , if and only if , she fights under a different name . '' 
 answered alfred . 
 `` a different name ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` yes . 
 in my opinion , is because they do n't want to be associated with someone that insulted them in public and on television , which is also called ` saving face ' . '' 
 answered alfred . 
 `` oh , come on , that was like two years ago , i 'm sure people forgot about it . '' 
 said salena in disbelief . 
 `` well , i think is on the internet or something . '' 
 answered alfred . 
 `` and that 's the situation , chica . 
 do you want to change your name or not ? '' 
 asked alonso with a serious face . 
 that was a problem for lea because she wanted to get to the top as soon as possible . 
 she knew that she would get more money if she reached the top . 
 unfortunately , it would mean that lea would appear on tv and julie might found out about it . 
 if julie found out about lea hurting other people for money , she will never speak or see lea again . 
 however , if lea used a different name , it would be hard to recognize her , and is very likely that julie wo n't see any matches on tv . 
 `` okay , i 'll change my name to something else . '' 
 said lea with a serious face . 
 `` all right , i 'll let the committee know of your choice . '' 
 said alfred and started to head to the office . 
 `` okay then , what name should you use ? '' 
 asked alinda , who was already thinking about it . 
 `` why not hammer fists ? 
 since her fists are really tough . '' 
 said salena . 
 `` you complained about it a few moments ago , but now you 're okay with it . '' 
 `` well , when you think about it , using a cool name would be awesome . '' 
 `` i see , but that name wo n't do , she needs something more appropriate . 
 how about susan or maria ? '' 
 `` no way , those sound boring . 
 we need something amazing , something that would scare people just by hearing it . '' 
 `` h-how about the hunter ? '' 
 said lea . 
 everyone looked at lea and ` the hunter ' did n't fit lea 's image . 
 there were times when she looked like a scared puppy . 
 hilda was very quiet about it because she was thinking about a good name . 
 then , she found a name that suited lea . 
 `` how about ` the specter ' ? '' 
 said hilda . 
 `` specter ? 
 why that one ? '' 
 asked salena . 
 `` well , we all thought lea was dead , right ? 
 and here she is , standing like a ghost . '' 
 all three of them looked at lea and soon realized that her looks fitted the name . 
 `` i think it suits her very well . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` i 'm with you on that one . '' 
 said salena . 
 `` now that you 're all done with it , you should get back to your training . '' 
 said alonso , who was annoyed that they were wasting time on that . 
 `` oh , yeah , sorry about that . '' 
 said salena , and after that , they went back to what they were supposed to be doing and alonso walked away to do other things . 
 `` the specter , huh ? 
 it actually sounds like a good ring name . '' 
 of course , alonso would n't say it out loud , not wanting to lose the appearance of a strict coach . 
 lea was learning fast and training hard , so in a few more weeks , she might be able to participate in her debut match under the name ` the specter ' . 
 alonso hoped that her opponent was n't that tough to defeat . 
 after all , to lose at a debut match might cost her more matches . 
 `` i hope you get ready soon , chica , because you 're about to enter a brutal world of nothing but victory or defeat . 
 more importantly , i hope you come out in one piece . '' 
 chapter 6 : back in the ring a month had passed since lea joined the gym . 
 she had been living in the gym and working in it , while also keeping up with her own training . 
 alonso could see that lea was improving well , getting in good shape to participate in her debut match , but alfred had n't found out about lea 's opponent , yet . 
 one day , while lea was doing her training , alfred arrived to the gym and went to talk with alonso . 
 lea was too far to know what they were talking about , but it did n't take long for them to finish and went straight to lea . 
 even before they reached her , she could see that it was serious . 
 `` chica , we have some news for you . '' 
 said alonso with a serious look on his face . 
 `` what is it , coach ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` we got your opponent for you debut match . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 those were great news for lea , and it was showing on her face . 
 `` yes and here 's the bad news . '' 
 alfred added with a worried look . 
 `` your opponent is valeria white , who has a record of 6 matches , 6 wins , and all of them by ko . 
 this is n't a normal opponent for you , i tried to get someone else , but they did n't want to put anyone else against you . '' 
 lea was n't expecting that and it made her worry . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 asked salena , who heard the conversation , and started to approach them . 
 salena was training , but she paid more attention to the news , and she did n't like them . 
 `` it means that the committee wants lea to lose this one . 
 they picked this opponent with the excuse that she was a previous world champion . '' 
 answered alonso , who was bothered by their decision . 
 `` is n't that unfair ? 
 lea is been out of boxing for two years , she 's just getting used to fighting again . '' 
 said alinda , who also heard the discussion because she was training close enough to hear . 
 just like alonso , she was obviously against that choice . 
 `` unfortunately , is their rules and we ca n't do anything about it . 
 all we can do is prepare lea for the match and win . '' 
 said alonso , and after that , he turned towards lea . 
 `` what do you say , chica ? 
 think you can do this ? '' 
 `` i ca n't run away from my opponents , i do n't have that luxury . 
 i 'll do it . '' 
 said lea with determination , which pleased alonso . 
 `` very well , the match is in a month . 
 until then , you are free from chores in the gym and you will only focus on your training . '' 
 `` all right , i 'm going to need all the time i can get . '' 
 `` you better be ready , chica , this month is going to be a hard one . '' 
 `` yes , coach . '' 
 in another gym in california , another lamia boxer was training for her next match . 
 the lamia had brunette hair with medium skin tone . 
 she was working on the heavy bag , making it sound loud and clear . 
 unfortunately , it did n't sound like anticipation , but more like impatience . 
 a male satyr with gray hair , olive skin and brown eyes was approaching the lamia . 
 satyrs were considered to be some animal that wanted to do nothing , except to party all day long , but that was n't the case . 
 some were really smart , others were more an indoor kind of person , and so on . 
 unfortunately , the image of them been lazy was more popular during ancient times . 
 the satyrs had the typical goat legs , ears , tail and horns , which both male and female possessed . 
 in modern times , humans considered the satyrs as normal as another person , or as normal as another inter-species person . 
 `` hey , valeria , you have been at it for a while , what 's gotten into you ? '' 
 asked the satyr , which made the lamia stop punching . 
 then , she turned towards him , looking at him with dark brown eyes . 
 `` nothing , coach , it just feels like a waste of time to me . '' 
 said valeria , who could n't hide her discontent in her voice , not even in her face . 
 `` you 're still going on about that ? 
 look , i know how you feel , you 've been talking about it the whole day , but there 's nothing we can do . 
 the committee decided to put this match . 
 consider it a free point or a preparation to something more important than you can imagine . '' 
 `` thanks for trying to cheer me up , tom , but it feel like they are trying to hold me back . 
 i mean , did you see the ring name ? 
 ` specter ' . '' 
 valeria made quotation marks with her hands as she said the name . 
 `` hey , a ring name is one thing , but fighting the person herself is another . 
 we ca n't underestimate her , so you better be prepared for anything . '' 
 `` trust me , i wo n't and i 'm going to send a message to the rest of my opponents . '' 
 valeria turned towards the heavy bag , and landed a right straight , which moved the heavy bag . 
 `` no one is going to stop me from making my grandfather proud . '' 
 tom knew what valeria was talking about , everyone in the gym knew about it . 
 valeria 's grandfather was a previous boxer in the super middle weight division , and a very good boxer . 
 she was very proud to be the granddaughter of such a boxer and the two were very close . 
 unfortunately , his career ended when he died of brain damage before he could get the belt . 
 it was very unfortunate for his family , since he was a single match away from getting a championship match . 
 after her grandfather 's death , valeria made it her personal goal to gain what her grandfather could n't get , a world championship belt . 
 `` you better be careful , specter , or she might end your career by accident . '' 
 tom was honestly worried about her , but that was the kind of sport that it was , so he put it out of his mind for the day . 
 lea was training with the speed bag , until alonso approached her . 
 lea stopped working on the speed bag and gave her attention to alonso . 
 `` all right , chica , listen up , we got some info on your opponent . 
 apparently , she 's a counter-puncher who prefers to stay close to her opponents . 
 you could say that she has experience against in-fighters . '' 
 said alonso . 
 `` so , what should i do ? '' 
 asked lea , who was hoping for a plan from alonso . 
 `` there are a few methods on how to defeat a counter-puncher : the first is using feints , they need a pattern to strike , so feints messes with them . 
 the second , throw as many punches as you can , it 's easy for them to counter short combos or single punches . 
 the third , which might be more difficult than it sounds , you have to think faster than the other . 
 if you can pull this off , you can beat her , do you understand ? '' 
 `` yeah , i 'll do my best . '' 
 answered lea with determination . 
 `` good , for now , we 're going to raise your stamina as much as possible so that you can keep striking without stopping . '' 
 alonso put the mitts on and headed to the ring . 
 `` now get in the ring . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 lea followed the coach , got in the ring , and they started to train again . 
 the next day was the same , but then , alonso decided to put lea against alinda in a sparring match . 
 `` this should help a lot with your training against valeria , especially since alinda is a counter-puncher . '' 
 said alonso `` oh , thanks for the help . '' 
 said lea with a grateful smile on her face . 
 `` my pleasure , lea . 
 now , come at me with everything you got . '' 
 said alinda and the spar started . 
 as alonso ordered to alinda , she would use counters in the match . 
 lea charged at alinda , who got surprised by lea 's new speed . 
 alinda was forced to retreat , and while doing so , she threw a left jab , but lea blocked it with her peek-a-boo defense . 
 alinda tried to force lea to throw a punch , but lea was n't buying the bait and continued to chase after alinda . 
 once alinda saw lea make the motion for a right straight , alinda prepared herself to counter , but lea quickly threw a left jab at alinda . 
 the punch hit alinda square in the face , stopping her in the spot , and lea took the opportunity to rush in . 
 lea made another motion for a jab , which alinda tried to block , but lea changed the punch to a left hook . 
 alinda was expecting something like that and dodged the punch , but lea quickly launched a right hook . 
 alinda barely had time to block it with her left arm , but she lost balance , and it took her a while to regain it . 
 lea took the opportunity to charge in , but alonso decided to stop the match , knowing that lea was from a different weight division . 
 `` okay , that 's enough . 
 it seems you got the main idea , which is the best we can come up with in such a short time . '' 
 said alonso . 
 `` all right , thank you for your help alinda . '' 
 lea thanked alinda with a smile . 
 `` no problem . 
 you 've really improved since you got here . 
 you had trouble keeping up with me before , but you 've gotten faster . '' 
 said alinda , who was surprised by lea 's new speed and skill . 
 `` really ? 
 i did n't even notice it . '' 
 `` well , i have to get back to my training . 
 talk to you later . '' 
 alinda was happy to see lea improve . 
 `` okay , later . '' 
 alinda left the ring and lea stayed to train with alonso . 
 once alinda was far enough , she started to rub her left arm . 
 a small groan escaped her . 
 `` those punches are starting to hurt more than before . '' 
 someone noticed that and approached alinda . 
 `` hey , are you okay ? '' 
 alinda turned around and saw salena , who had a worried expression on her face . 
 `` yeah , it 's nothing to worry about . '' 
 salena stared for a moment and grabbed alinda 's arm , almost making alinda cry in pain . 
 salena got a good look at the bruise that was coloring alinda 's left arm . 
 `` you 're lying , look at this . 
 i know you want to help lea , but if you get hurt , you have to let them know . '' 
 `` let go , i 'm not some little princess to be rescued . 
 i 'm a boxer too , you know . '' 
 alinda tried to free her arm , but salena was stronger and started to pull alinda to the locker room , where they kept a first aid kit . 
 once they get into the locker room , salena ordered alinda to sit in one of the benches . 
 alinda did what she told to do , while salena got the first aid kit . 
 salena got the kit , took it to alinda , took some gel to help with the bruise , and started to rub it on alinda 's arm , which made alinda blush . 
 `` her hands are soft . '' 
 thought alinda `` there , you should let it rest for a while . '' 
 salena took the gel 's container and put it back into the kit , happy to know that alinda received some medicine for her bruise . 
 `` t-thank you . '' 
 `` no problem , that 's what friends do , right ? '' 
 responded salena with a smile , which made alinda 's mood drop , but alinda did n't let it show . 
 `` uh , yeah , friends . 
 anyways , i 'm going to do some roadwork . '' 
 alinda quickly got up from the bench . 
 `` okay , take care . '' 
 alinda left the locker room first , and left the gym to do her roadwork . 
 `` sometimes , i wish you were n't so dense . '' 
 alinda decided to speed up in an attempt to forget about it . 
 it was a new day , and lea 's match was the next day , which meant that lea and alonso had to head out to the venue to do the weigh-ins . 
 once they reached to the venue , they went to a room that had more people than expected . 
 some of those people were journalists , who were looking for the next future champion and challengers . 
 when lea entered the room , they started to look at her , which made her nervous . 
 `` all right , chica . 
 take everything off , except your underwear . '' 
 said alonso , who did n't look bothered by the journalists ' presence . 
 `` o-okay . '' 
 said lea and she started to undress . 
 then , the journalists started to talk . 
 `` is that valeria 's opponent ? 
 she does n't look that tough . '' 
 said one journalist . 
 `` must be her first time doing weigh-ins . '' 
 said another journalist . 
 `` she might fall in the first round . '' 
 the comments went on and on . 
 even though lea showed some well-developed muscles , it did n't seem to impress them . 
 `` do n't listen to them , chica , just let them get your weight and we 'll leave . '' 
 said alonso , who was getting annoyed by the journalists . 
 `` o-okay . '' 
 said lea . 
 across the room , lea 's opponent finished undressing and was waiting to be called , which they did around the time that lea finished undressing . 
 `` miss white , come to the scale please . '' 
 valeria did as asked and got on the scale . 
 the people in charge of doing the weight check started to make adjustments and calculations . 
 `` 168 pounds , passed . '' 
 after that was said , valeria got off the scale and headed back to her trainer to dress . 
 `` okay , next one , please . '' 
 the people in charge of taking the weight were asked not to reveal lea 's identity . 
 lea went to the scale and got on it . 
 `` 170 and a half , passed . '' 
 with that done , lea got off the scale and headed back to alonso to dress quickly . 
 lea considered her task done and just wanted to leave , but the journalists had other plans in mind . 
 `` so , miss white , what are your thoughts on your opponent ? '' 
 asked a journalist . 
 `` my thoughts ? '' 
 asked valeria with a face that was hard to read . 
 `` yes , she seems to have good physique , but nothing else is known about her , what do you think of fighting someone like her ? '' 
 `` from the moment i heard that i was fighting someone in her debut match , i thought it was a waste of time for me . 
 all i care about is getting the belt , but there 's nothing i can do about it . '' 
 valeria turned around and looked at lea . 
 everyone in the room could see that valeria was n't impressed in the least . 
 `` i 'll just beat her and keep climbing up the ranks . '' 
 after valeria said that , she slid to the door and left the room . 
 `` valeria is bothered that she was held back from rising up , and even more when she has to fight against someone that she considers an amateur . '' 
 alonso explained to lea , who was feeling bad about it . 
 `` i see . '' 
 that was the only response that lea gave . 
 the journalists thought that valeria insulted lea , so they quickly went to speak with her . 
 `` what do you think of valeria 's response ? 
 how do you respond to it ? '' 
 asked a journalist . 
 all the journalists were waiting for lea to respond with another insult against valeria . 
 after all , feuds tended to sell well in magazines , but lea 's response surprised everyone . 
 `` i-i understand why she would say that , i 'm just starting in my boxing career , and she has been here longer than me . '' 
 answered lea with a timid voice , which was n't very impressive for the journalists . 
 fortunately for them , lea was n't done . 
 `` but ... i 'll prove it to her . '' 
 lea 's voice suddenly changed to a more serious one . 
 `` prove what ? '' 
 `` i 'm not a waste of time . 
 i 'll prove it in the ring . '' 
 it was n't exactly what the journalists wanted , but lea had an impressive face . 
 they could see that lea was serious about her promise , which was better than nothing . 
 after that , everyone left the building and lea started to head back to the gym with alonso . 
 `` that was a good response , way different than what you would have said before . 
 so , how are you going to prove it ? '' 
 asked alonso . 
 `` i 'll use everything that i 've learned against her . '' 
 answered lea . 
 `` good , rest up for today , tomorrow is your fight after all . '' 
 `` all right . '' 
 they keep going on their way back to the gym , determined to show lea 's return to the boxing ring . 
 that night , lea had trouble sleeping because she was thinking of her upcoming match . 
 `` tomorrow is the day . 
 why am i so nervous if i have fought before ? 
 could it be that it would affect someone other than me ? '' 
 in the past , lea did n't care about who would get affected , other than herself . 
 after training so hard , lea understood that , if she were to lose the match , then all her efforts would have been for nothing . 
 also , losing would mean that lea would get farther away from her goal and would never be able to help julie with her debt . 
 `` no point in thinking about it right now , i 'll do everything that i can to win . 
 i wo n't disappoint anyone , just wait and see . '' 
 lea finally fell asleep and got her needed rest for the fight . 
 the next night , lea , alonso , and fergus headed to the venue where the match would take place . 
 once she reached the place , lea could see alinda , salena , and hilda waiting for her at the entrance . 
 `` hey , everyone . '' 
 greeted lea with a wave of her hand . 
 `` hey , lass , you got here in time to prepare . 
 how are you feeling right now ? '' 
 asked hilda , who knew how it felt to be close to participate in a debut match . 
 `` i 'm actually a little nervous , but not as bad as before . '' 
 lea was happy to see their support for her . 
 `` well , we 'll cheer for you , so do your best . '' 
 said salena . 
 `` thanks , i will . '' 
 said lea with a smile . 
 `` it 's almost time to start . 
 you better go and get ready . 
 good luck in your match , lea . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` thanks , everyone , see you after the match . '' 
 after lea said that , they all head into the venue . 
 lea went to her assigned room with alonso and fergus , while lea 's friends went to their seats . 
 lea 's group reached and entered their assigned room , which a curtain dividing the room into two parts . 
 on one side of the room , there were boxers of the same race as lea wearing their boxing equipment . 
 on the other side of the room , there were lockers that boxers could use . 
 `` fortunately , you have your trunks and protector on , so put your clothes in your locker . 
 once you are done , you should start warming up . '' 
 said alonso . 
 `` okay . '' 
 said lea . 
 she went through the curtain , took her street clothes off , and put them into a locker . 
 when she was done , she went back to her group , and started to do some shadow boxing to warm up . 
 `` she seem to be in a good shape to fight . '' 
 said fergus , who started to feel confident of their victory after seeing lea 's physique . 
 `` she is , but i do n't know if she 's used to be in the spotlight anymore . 
 she might start to feel pressure once she 's in the ring . '' 
 said alonso , who hoped that it would n't affect lea for long . 
 `` for now , let 's hope for the best . '' 
 in another room of the building , valeria was also doing some shadow boxing to warm up . 
 however , something inside her mind was bothering her . 
 `` you want to prove me wrong ? 
 let 's see if you can actually do that ! '' 
 thought valeria . 
 after the weigh-in , valeria returned to the gym and it did n't take long for someone to tell her what lea said to the journalist . 
 the person tried to make it sound like an insult , but valeria did n't fall for it . 
 even so , valeria kept remembering lea 's words . 
 valeria tried to prepare against lea , but there was a problem . 
 valeria tried to watch some videos of lea 's previous matches , but she could n't because she did n't know that lea was specter . 
 with no other option left , they decided to go with their normal training . 
 `` so , what is your plan to fight specter ? '' 
 asked tom . 
 `` i 'll just test her out , see how she fights , and then i will simply strike her down when the chance comes up . '' 
 said valeria while warming up . 
 `` well , that 's the only thing we can do for now . 
 do n't drop your guard . 
 anything can happen in the ring , understand ? '' 
 said tom with a serious voice . 
 `` yeah , do n't worry . 
 i 'm going to win this one . '' 
 after valeria said that , a staff member called for valeria to go to the ring . 
 `` all right , let 's go . '' 
 `` time to get this over with . '' 
 valeria was ready to start and end the match . 
 then , the two of them got up and left the room . 
 around that time , another staff member called for lea to head to the ring . 
 `` all right , chica , let 's see how much you 've improved . '' 
 said alonso . 
 `` do n't worry , coach , i wo n't let it go to waste , and i wo n't let you down . 
 i wo n't let her down either . '' 
 lea 's eyes showed determination and an unwillingness to lose . 
 `` bien dicho , let 's go . '' 
 lea , alonso , and fergus , head out to the ring , ready to win the match . 
 once they reached the arena , the spotlight was on the ring , showing the announcer in the middle of the ring . 
 the arena itself was n't as full as expected , especially since lea 's match was an under card . 
 some of the audience clapped for them and some whistled , which lea did n't know for what . 
 lea kept sliding , looking at the one thing that she had left for two years , the ring . 
 `` hey , there she is . '' 
 said salena while pointing at lea . 
 `` hey , specter , good luck ! '' 
 cheered alinda while waving at lea . 
 `` show her what you 're made of , lass ! '' 
 cheered hilda . 
 lea could see the announcer , who was waiting for both boxers to get into the ring . 
 she was the first one to get into the ring , and right after that , she looked at the spotlights . 
 lea felt like she was under them for the first time , and that made her nervous . 
 valeria was the last one to get into the ring , and the announcer wasted no time in introducing both boxers . 
 `` today , we 're starting with a middleweight 4 round match . 
 in the blue corner , she has a record of 6 fights , 6 victories , all of them by ko . 
 weighting at 168 pounds in human weight , she 's valeria white ! '' 
 valeria lifted her arms and the crowd responded to it . 
 `` on the red corner , weighting at 170 and a half pounds , in her debut match , the specter ! '' 
 the audience responded , but not as much as they did with valeria . 
 lea rose her right arm , but she was too shy to do anything else . 
 the referee was announced and he stepped in the middle of the ring . 
 then , he ordered both boxers to the middle of the ring and they did without a problem . 
 with both boxers in the middle , the referee started to go over the rules and asked them to have a clean fight . 
 valeria was n't really listening to the referee , she was glaring at lea , and lea was glaring back . 
 `` why is she glaring at me so much ? 
 it 's not like she 's going to win the match with just that . '' 
 thought lea , who was n't intimidated by valeria . 
 after the explanation and the introductions were over , both boxers headed back to their corners and waited for the bell . 
 before alonso left the ring , he gave lea a plan of attack . 
 `` remember , once you get close , keep punching without stopping , you have to keep her either trapped or confused . '' 
 said alonso with a serious voice . 
 `` got it . '' 
 responded lea , who did n't seem to be nervous . 
 instead , she looked prepared to fight . 
 after that , alonso left the ring and stayed close to the corner . 
 at the moment , lea and valeria were waiting on their corners for the bell . 
 it did n't take long for the bell to ring , which announced the beginning of the first round . 
 lea came out of her corner with her peek-a-boo guard , while valeria came out of her corner with a standard guard , and they headed to the middle of the ring . 
 then , they stopped before reaching punching range , each boxer waiting for the other to make a move . 
 `` come on , specter . 
 make your move so i can get out of here already . '' 
 thought valeria , whose wish did n't get granted , which frustrated her . 
 `` all right , i 'll just force you to move . '' 
 valeria rushed in and started to throw jabs from a distance , but lea blocked them easily . 
 lea dodged another jab and charged in , but valeria moved to the side and kept throwing jabs . 
 none of them landed because lea kept her guard up and blocked all the jabs . 
 since none of those jabs landed , valeria decided to give lea a bait that she could not resist . 
 valeria started to move forward , trying to make lea open up her guard . 
 lea feinted a charge , which made valeria back away . 
 lea quickly followed and kept pushing valeria to the ropes . 
 valeria knew what lea was planning and thought of a plan to escape . 
 valeria feinted going to the left , where lea was prepared to go , but valeria charged in and threw a right straight , which lea ducked in surprise . 
 lea attacked with a right uppercut to valeria 's chin , which valeria blocked with the palm of her left glove . 
 unfortunately , it was n't enough to stop the punch and it pushed her hand all the way to her chin , which caused some damage . 
 valeria 's corner was left in shock . 
 they did n't expect lea to have such a destructive punching power . 
 `` that 's one heck of a punch ! 
 what kind of training did they do to achieve that ? 
 remain calm , valeria , keep a cool head and focus on your counters . '' 
 thought tom , who realized that the opponent they were facing was a strong one . 
 meanwhile , lea 's corner remained calm . 
 lea may have landed that punch , but it landed on the guard , so it was n't a clean hit . 
 `` good one , chica . 
 show her that you are not a waste of time . '' 
 thought alonso . 
 the damage made valeria slide back . 
 the display of power pleased the audience , making them cheer for lea . 
 it also shocked valeria because she was n't expecting that kind of power . 
 `` what the hell ? 
 what was that punch ? 
 that was n't a normal punch , is not a punch that a normal amateur can actually throw . '' 
 thought valeria in shock . 
 lea took the opportunity to rush in , closing the distance between them . 
 once lea got close enough , she landed uppercuts on valeria 's body . 
 valeria felt the punches , so she quickly protected herself with a cross arm block . 
 lea changed her uppercuts to hooks aimed at valeria 's head . 
 valeria ducked the hooks and started to slide away from lea in an attempt to escape from the in-fight . 
 `` i ca n't let her get away from me . 
 i almost get the pace going to my favor . '' 
 thought lea , who was determined to keep the attack going . 
 she started to follow valeria , but valeria started to throw jabs . 
 lea blocked them , but the jabs kept her from moving forward . 
 once valeria threw another jab , lea ducked the punch and charged in with a right hook aimed at valeria 's body , but valeria was waiting for it . 
 valeria saw the punch coming , moved back , and quickly countered with a right straight . 
 the punch hit lea in the face and made her slide back . 
 valeria moved forward and launched another right straight . 
 lea moved her head to the right and dodged the punch . 
 `` good thing i 'm getting use to her , i can counter much more easily . '' 
 the information pleased valeria . 
 lea rushed in with a right uppercut to valeria 's body , but valeria blocked it with the left arm . 
 then , valeria threw a right hook , but lea threw a left uppercut , making it a simultaneous exchange . 
 normally , both fighters would feel the same amount of damage , but considering lea 's strength , valeria came out with more damage . 
 lea knew that she would cause more damage , so she threw a right hook , but valeria quickly slid back to the ropes . 
 `` dammit , almost had her , i need to get her to stop moving so much . '' 
 lea realized that to take down valeria , lea would need to stop valeria from sliding away so much . 
 so , lea 's new target was valeria 's body . 
 lea moved forward and threw some jabs to tell the distance that she was in , but valeria had other plans in mind . 
 valeria dodged the punches , rushed in , wrapped her arms under lea 's arms so lea could n't keep throwing punches , and got her in a clinch . 
 after the referee saw that , he got to the boxers and ordered valeria to separate , which valeria complied with . 
 once the referee gave the okay to fight again , lea tried to attack again , but valeria clinched again . 
 alonso was watching the match and he suddenly realized what valeria was doing . 
 `` that valeria sure is smart enough to do what is needed . '' 
 said alonso , who was looking annoyed . 
 `` the reasons that a boxer would clinch is to get out of the ropes , the corner , or ... '' said fergus , who did n't finish the list , but alonso finished it . 
 `` to recover from damage . 
 that last exchange must have hurt her more than we can see from here . 
 lea can finish the match in this round , but she needs to get her into an in-fight . '' 
 back into the fight , valeria clinched again , which was starting to bother the crowd , but valeria did n't care `` okay , just a little more and i 'll have enough strength to keep fighting . '' 
 thought valeria . 
 the referee broke them apart once more , but that time , lea did n't charged in . 
 she knew that valeria would clinch if lea got too close . 
 that left lea with no other option , but to attack with left jabs . 
 that kept valeria on the defensive , but lea did n't realize that it was going to work against her . 
 valeria kept blocking and dodging the punches as much as she could , reading the timing and speed of lea 's jabs . 
 one minute had passed and valeria felt she had read more than enough . 
 so , after lea threw another jab , valeria parried the punch and threw a right straight at lea . 
 the punch hit lea square in the face , which made her slide back . 
 valeria did n't move forward , knowing that it would be dangerous to get close , and decided to keep distance . 
 lea moved forward and threw another left jab , but it was useless because valeria tried to counter again . 
 fortunately , lea was prepared for it and she ducked the punch . 
 lea decided to back away from valeria , trying to come up with something to fight her . 
 valeria did n't give lea that chance and followed her with jabs . 
 lea guarded against the jabs , closing up as much as she could . 
 valeria simply kept throwing jabs at lea , keeping her from doing anything at all . 
 lea was trying to think of something , but it did n't take long for her to simply wait for a long swing and move forward . 
 valeria realized that and decided to quickly move to lea 's right side . 
 from there , valeria threw a jab where there was no guard because lea was blocking the front , but not the sides . 
 valeria landed a hit and followed with a right straight , which lea parried with her right shoulder and rushed in . 
 valeria was thinking of clinching again , but lea was prepared for that . 
 lea decided to keep her body low and arms close to her body , so valeria could n't block lea 's arms . 
 valeria decided to move away from lea , trying to stay in the center of the ring . 
 that would give valeria more space to move around , just in case lea tried to get close . 
 lea followed valeria , who threw jabs to keep lea away , but lea parried the jabs and kept moving forward . 
 somewhere in the audience , lea 's friends were watching the match , and in their opinion , things were getting bad . 
 `` man , that valeria sure knows how to slide around the ring . 
 it 's going to be difficult to catch her . '' 
 said salena , who got annoyed after seeing valeria sliding around the ring . 
 salena knew by experience just how frustrating it was to catch an out-boxer . 
 `` i would prefer maneuver , instead of ` slide around ' , but you 're right . 
 it will be difficult to catch valeria . '' 
 said alinda , who had a better understanding of the situation because she was an out-boxer . 
 `` that 's not all , valeria seems to have gotten the timing of her attacks . '' 
 said hilda , who had faced counter-punchers in the past . 
 back in the fight , valeria kept moving back while throwing jabs , which kept lea away from valeria . 
 lea did n't care and kept moving forward , knowing that she will eventually reach valeria and defeat her . 
 lea made a feint to go to the right , which made valeria move to the left , but lea followed and managed to trap valeria on the ropes . 
 `` i got you . '' 
 thought lea , who started to feel confident . 
 lea dodged the jabs and rushed in . 
 at that moment , lea started to use her specialty , which was in-fighting . 
 to start , lea threw a left uppercut at valeria 's body , but valeria tried to clinch . 
 lea saw that and stopped her left uppercut . 
 then , she moved low with her arms close to her body . 
 when the clinch failed , lea landed a few left uppercuts to valeria 's body . 
 valeria realized that she was in a dangerous situation and needed to get out of the ropes . 
 valeria threw a right hook at lea 's head , but lea ducked the punch and threw a left hook at valeria 's body . 
 that time , it landed on a special spot that tended to end matches instantly , the liver . 
 the punch made valeria feel tremendous pain and caused her tail to wobble . 
 valeria was about to fall , but she prevented that by grabbing lea in a clinch . 
 `` dammit , let go of me , let go ! '' 
 lea desperately tried to push valeria away , but valeria had a good grip on lea and the referee tried to separate them . 
 valeria tried to hold on to lea as long as possible , before the referee had to threaten valeria with taking points away from her . 
 eventually , valeria let go of lea , but it was obvious that valeria was in pain , which surprised lea . 
 she was just throwing punches at valeria 's body , without knowing that one of them would eventually land on the liver . 
 lea did n't think too hard on it and decided to take the opportunity , knowing that she was close to winning the match . 
 once the referee gave the signal to keep fighting , valeria charged in and surprised lea with a 1-2 combo , hitting lea in the face . 
 that made lea slide back and stayed stunned for a moment , which gave valeria time to move away . 
 lea quickly recovered and started to chase after valeria , but lea started to have problems with her vision . 
 everything was turning blurry for lea because of the counters and previous attacks that she received . 
 of course , valeria was n't exactly in the best condition either . 
 two minutes have passed , leaving either one with a minute to finish the other boxer . 
 valeria noticed that lea was having problems and decided to attack from a distance , to see whether to play it safe or to finish it off . 
 valeria started to throw jabs at lea , who blocked them without a problem . 
 unfortunately , it was easy to see that lea did n't move as fast as before . 
 lea was trying to recover from the damage done to her , but valeria wo n't allow it . 
 she moved to lea 's side and threw jabs at the side of lea 's head , which barely landed . 
 lea tried her best to protect herself and recover , but the jabs prevented that . 
 lea tried to charge in , since blocking did n't seem to work anymore , but the jabs kept her away , which forced lea to retreat . 
 valeria followed and did n't stop throwing jabs . 
 lea started to feel pressure , not been able to rest and not been able to attack at the moment . 
 `` what can i do ? 
 i have to think of something . '' 
 thought lea , who was nearly panicking at her situation . 
 then , lea heard someone yelling at her . 
 `` what are you running away from ? 
 do n't move back , keep moving forward , forward ! 
 put the pressure on her ! '' 
 it turned out to be alonso , who was yelling at lea from her corner . 
 back in the audience , lea 's friends did n't like the situation that lea was in . 
 `` things are getting hard for specter , but it should n't be a surprise . 
 she 's fighting someone with a good record . '' 
 said hilda , who was unsure on how the fight would end . 
 `` those counters must have evened out the damage , but for valeria to withstand those punches to the body . '' 
 said alinda , who was surprised by valeria 's determination . 
 `` what are you guys saying ? 
 we need to cheer for specter . 
 hey , keep fighting , do n't let her rest ! '' 
 said salena , who tried to cheer as best she could . 
 `` you 're right . 
 specter ! 
 show her what you got ! '' 
 all three of them tried their best to cheer for lea . 
 `` come on , lea , do n't retreat , what was all that training for ? '' 
 salena could n't help it , but she was starting to worry . 
 lea heard everyone , and did as everyone wanted , she moved forward . 
 valeria kept throwing jabs and moving back , hoping to stop lea 's advance , but it did n't seem to work . 
 lea kept moving forward with determination , dodging and blocking the jabs . 
 even when a jab landed , lea ignored the damage and kept moving forward . 
 `` what ? 
 why is n't she stopping ? 
 no matter , i 'll just push you back until the round is over . '' 
 thought valeria . 
 she was focused on stopping lea , but valeria noticed that lea was getting closer . 
 `` no way , am i going slower ? '' 
 valeria did n't notice , but she was starting to feel tremendous pressure from lea . 
 `` that 's it , chica , keep moving forward , do n't stop for even a second !! '' 
 yelled alonso , who was desperately trying to keep lea moving , no matter what . 
 lea did n't hear it well , but it did n't matter because she kept moving forward . 
 the pursuit brought results , which was trapping valeria on the ropes . 
 `` shit , when did i - ?! '' 
 thought valeria , who did n't have time to think about it because lea used the opportunity to rush in and get into an in-fight . 
 to start , lea threw a left uppercut at valeria 's body , but valeria stopped it with her right arm and threw a left hook at lea 's head . 
 lea ducked the punch , and stood up with a right uppercut to valeria 's chin . 
 valeria dodged the punch by pushing the ropes back , which made room for the punch to miss . 
 valeria attacked with a right uppercut to lea 's chin , but lea parried the punch with her left arm and landed a right hook on valeria 's head , which sent valeria to the mat . 
 the first fall of the entire match made the public go wild because they were n't expecting such a spectacular match in a 4-round match . 
 the referee quickly stepped between lea and valeria . 
 `` go to the neutral corner ! '' 
 the referee ordered lea , who started to head to the said corner . 
 after that , the referee started the count . 
 `` 1 ... 2 ... 3 . '' 
 the count went on and valeria was lying flat on the mat . 
 she might be giving signs of been conscious , but it was n't enough to tell if she could stand at all . 
 tom started to call valeria , hoping to bring her back into the fight . 
 `` valeria , stand up , this is n't over yet ! 
 remember why you 're fighting , remember your grandfather ! '' 
 that got a reaction out of valeria , who started to get up . 
 `` 4 ... 5 ... 6 . '' 
 `` tom is right , how can i lose here after coming this far ? 
 i want to make my grandfather proud , i wo n't lose here ! '' 
 thought valeria with an iron will , and she did her best to get up from the mat . 
 `` 7 ... 8 . '' 
 by the eight count , valeria was up again and ready to fight . 
 lea was amazed that valeria could get up after that hook to her head . 
 after the referee gave the okay to continue , lea left the corner and started to head back towards valeria . 
 unfortunately , the bell ringed , announcing the end of the first round . 
 each fighter started to head to their respective corners , both trying to slide upright , not wanting to show any signs of damage to their opponent . 
 unfortunately , it was easy to see that lea was breathing hard and valeria seemed to be moving slowly to her corner . 
 their seconds got into the ring , and waited for their boxers to arrive at their corner . 
 in valeria 's corner , the tension was rising . 
 once valeria reached her corner , she sat on her stool , and her seconds started to help her as much as they could . 
 `` i ca n't believe it . 
 that boxer of theirs is nothing ordinary , i did n't expect her to put you in this situation . '' 
 said tom , who was starting to worry . 
 `` i know ... those punches are n't normal , and those skills , she must have experience doing this . '' 
 said valeria while trying to recover her breath . 
 `` this is n't experience you gain from the streets alone . 
 her training should have been insane for something like this . 
 either way , for this round , try to keep distance from her , she seems to have more trouble keeping up with you when you move too much . 
 try to win by out-boxing her and the match should be yours . '' 
 tom was n't sure if that would be enough , but with valeria 's condition , it was the best he could say . 
 `` tire her out and get in for a ko . 
 i do n't know about that , her punch could ko me in the next round if i 'm not careful . 
 i do n't like winning by points , but i 'll have to take it . '' 
 `` there are always going to be risks in the boxing world , and you must be ready to face them . '' 
 `` i understand . 
 i 'll win this no matter what . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 tom was glad that valeria had n't lost hope in the match . 
 things were a little different on lea 's corner . 
 `` you did pretty well out there , but those counters are getting to you . 
 you need to get close as fast as you can and attack without stopping . 
 if that 's not possible , hit her body and her speed should slow down to a manageable one . '' 
 said alonso to lea , while fergus tried to get lea ready for the next round . 
 alonso did n't like the way lea was taking those counters , but he had faith that she would come on top . 
 `` all right , coach . '' 
 said lea , who focused on recovering as much as she could . 
 `` also , forget the feints . 
 you ca n't use them properly if you ca n't reach your opponent . 
 it would be better if you focus on putting pressure on her . 
 a boxer that 's panicking is easier to deal with because they do n't seem to pay attention to their surroundings , got it ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 lea used the rest of the interval to rest up and recover some of her lost stamina . 
 `` i say this to the chica , but anything could happen in the boxing ring . 
 it 's like a battlefield . 
 anything could change the tide to either side . '' 
 after alonso thought that , the announcer told the seconds to leave the ring , but before alonso got out of the ring , he gave one last advice to lea . 
 `` chica , above all else , do n't let your guard down . '' 
 lea got up from her seat and put her mouth piece . 
 `` all right . '' 
 lea waited for the bell to ring , ready to follow alonso 's plan . 
 she did n't know if that would be the final round , but one thing was certain : one of them will fall by a ko . 
 chapter 7 : a learned joy the referee was waiting in the middle of the ring , while both boxers were mentally preparing themselves to fight again . 
 the referee looked at each fighter and asked if they were ready , both said that they were , and the referee allowed the match to begin . 
 lea did as alonso planned , she quickly dashed past the referee and was heading straight to valeria . 
 valeria was expecting that and was prepared to use a defensive stance specialized in throwing counters : the crab . 
 lea was close enough to throw a right uppercut at valeria 's chin , but valeria moved and countered with two jabs to lea 's face . 
 lea tried to attack with a left jab of her own , but valeria blocked with the left shoulder and countered with a jab , hitting lea 's face again . 
 the attack stopped lea momentarily , while valeria created distance , showing signs that she recovered enough to move freely . 
 things were n't going so well for lea . 
 she had n't been able to land any clean blow on valeria , while lea herself was gaining damage . 
 alonso did n't like valeria 's new defensive stance . 
 `` that crab stance is extremely dangerous , especially when valeria is using it , but there 's a weakness to this defense . 
 chica , strike the arm that is in front of you , break the defense ! '' 
 yelled alonso . 
 lea heard alonso and did as told . 
 she started to attack valeria 's arm by throwing jabs at it . 
 valeria moved around to avoid the attacks , but lea feinted a jab and launched a right straight . 
 the punch landed on the arm , causing it to go numb momentarily and pushing valeria to the corner . 
 lea used the opportunity to charge in and threw a right hook at valeria 's body . 
 valeria managed to block with the left arm , but lea did n't stop there and threw a left hook at valeria 's head . 
 valeria barely ducked the punch and struck lea 's body with a right uppercut . 
 lea managed to land a left uppercut on valeria 's body . 
 valeria threw a left uppercut at lea 's chin , but lea dodged by moving back , which let valeria escape from the corner . 
 lea did n't let valeria move too far and trapped her on the ropes . 
 then , lea continued with her attack of uppercuts and hooks . 
 valeria 's corner was getting even tenser because valeria was unable to keep specter away for long , and valeria kept getting trapped . 
 `` come on , valeria , you can do this . 
 clinch if you have to , but you have to escape from the ropes . '' 
 thought tom . 
 he knew that valeria could keep her head cool , even in situations like that one , but he simply could n't help to worry . 
 if tom was nervous , then alonso would be the same because lea had taken a good amount of damage from valeria . 
 `` come on , chica , you got her on the ropes . 
 now , beat her down while you have the chance . '' 
 thought alonso . 
 he did n't know when an opportunity like that would come around , and the quicker the match ended , the less damage for lea . 
 valeria tried to fight back , but it was obvious that lea had the upper hand when it came to in-fighting , so valeria tried her best to escape from the ropes . 
 valeria waited for the perfect moment to dodge and escape from the ropes . 
 all she had to do was to be patient and wait for a big swing . 
 that moment came when lea wanted to blow off valeria 's guard with a big left hook . 
 valeria ducked the punch , moved to the right , and escaped the ropes . 
 then , valeria moved far away from lea and went back to out-boxing . 
 valeria used the same crab defense and started to throw jabs at lea . 
 that kept lea on the defensive and kept her away from valeria . 
 lea tried to charge in , but valeria did anything she could to keep distance . 
 unfortunately , the blow to her body seemed to be taking effect . 
 lea kept pushing forward , blocking and avoiding as many punches as she could . 
 unfortunately , progress was n't fast enough , but that would n't stop lea and she kept moving forward . 
 valeria kept throwing jabs at lea , but the defense was too strong for the jabs to pass through and they could n't stop lea . 
 all valeria had to defend herself was her movement in the ring . 
 `` i ca n't keep running away either or i 'll never get anywhere . '' 
 thought valeria , who desperately tried to think of something that would help her out . 
 then , it dawned on her , a way to hit lea and avoiding getting hit . 
 valeria started to calm down and put her plan into action . 
 she charged in , which made lea start to attack again . 
 lea opened her guard and threw a left uppercut at valeria 's body . 
 valeria parried it to the right and reached lea 's chest . 
 from there , valeria threw small right uppercuts at lea 's body , and before lea could retaliate , valeria grabbed lea in a clinch . 
 the referee tried to separate them , but valeria held on for a little longer , before the referee managed to separate them . 
 once they were far enough , the referee gave the signal to continue the fight , and valeria charged in again . 
 lea attacked with a right hook at valeria 's head , but valeria ducked in time to dodge the punch . 
 then , valeria reached lea 's chest and threw small uppercuts at lea 's body , followed by clinching . 
 alonso started to notice what valeria was doing . 
 `` valeria seems to be trying to recover again . 
 it seems we are close to getting a ko . '' 
 said fergus , who was confident of their victory , but alonso was worried . 
 `` not quite . '' 
 said alonso . 
 `` what do you mean , coach ? '' 
 `` valeria is trying to recover , that is true , but she 's also trying to deal some damage to the chica as well . 
 to avoid getting damaged , she clinches to stop lea from attacking . '' 
 `` that 's going to screw up with her rhythm . '' 
 fergus started to worry at this new development . 
 `` and damage the chica in the process . 
 chica ! 
 try to keep her at arm 's reach , push her to arms reach ! '' 
 lea heard the last part while been separated from valeria . 
 `` how am i supposed to push her ? 
 she does n't give me the chance to do it . '' 
 thought lea , who was looking for a way to stop valeria from clinching again . 
 a minute had passed and lea tried to attack valeria with a left hook to her body . 
 valeria moved back and threw a jab at lea 's face . 
 even with that , lea pressed forward , hoping to land a punch if she kept attacking . 
 next , lea launched a jab at valeria , but it was blocked by valeria 's left palm and valeria countered with a right to lea 's face , which pushed lea away . 
 `` those jabs wo n't work on me . '' 
 thought valeria , who rushed in , but lea charged in with the peek-a-boo defense and got into an in-fight distance . 
 lea threw a left uppercut at valeria 's chin , but valeria dodged the punch and clinched against lea . 
 lea tried to get out of the clinch , but she noticed something . 
 lea was clinched while in her peek-a-boo defense , but the left arm was clinched . 
 however , that was n't what called lea 's attention , it was the right arm that was inside the clinch . 
 that was when it dawned on her , an idea to push the clinch off . 
 once the referee separated them and gave the okay to keep fighting , lea charged in , with valeria doing the same . 
 eventually , they get close enough to be in punching range of each other . 
 lea started with a left jab , but valeria blocked the attack . 
 then , she countered with a right straight , but lea ducked the punch and moved forward . 
 `` i wo n't let you get into your rhythm . '' 
 valeria grabbed lea into another clinch , which lea expected . 
 lea made sure to keep her left arm inside the clinch , and without wasting a second , lea started to forcefully push valeria away . 
 valeria was n't strong enough to resist and was left with no choice but to break the clinch . 
 valeria was surprised and started to realize that she was in danger . 
 lea , without pulling back her left arm , threw a right straight , and hit valeria square in the face . 
 the audience cheered right after lea 's straight landed on valeria 's face . 
 lea 's friends were relieved that lea landed a clean hit , especially with a right . 
 `` nice one ! 
 keep going ! '' 
 cheered salena . 
 `` get an arm inside the clinch and forcefully push the opponent away . 
 it was kind of simple , but it worked . '' 
 said alinda , who was glad that things were going well for lea . 
 `` it was a good punch , i wo n't deny that , but i hope that it 's enough to bring valeria down . '' 
 said hilda , who was watching the match with a serious face , but hoped for the best on the inside . 
 valeria was pushed back , but she refused to fall . 
 unfortunately , the damage could n't be ignored . 
 if lea landed another good punch , it would lead to a ko loss for valeria . 
 when lea noticed that , she rushed in , getting in punching range to throw a right uppercut . 
 valeria anticipated the attack and dodged to the left . 
 then , she threw a right straight at lea 's head , making lea go down for the first time in the match . 
 the referee stepped between them and ordered valeria to go to a neutral corner . 
 then , the referee began to count for lea . 
 `` 1 ... 2 ... 3 '' counted the referee . 
 `` i ca n't believe valeria had enough strength to throw a counter to an uppercut , and from that distance . '' 
 said alonso , who was baffled , from the corner . 
 `` 4 ... 5 '' `` chica , wake up ! 
 the fight is not over yet , you have to get up ! '' 
 yelled alonso , which got the reaction that he wanted . 
 lea , slowly but surely , was rising from the mat . 
 `` 6 ... 7 '' lea was halfway up , all she needed to do was to stay upright and put a fighting pose . 
 at the eight count , lea was up , but the damage had serious effects on her . 
 the referee could see that lea was still conscious and able to fight again , which meant that the referee could give the okay to continue the fight . 
 without wasting any more time , the referee allowed the fight to continue . 
 `` valeria , do n't rush it , keep your distance and wear her out even more ! '' 
 yelled tom , who could see that lea was almost out . 
 unfortunately , tom noticed something dangerous . 
 valeria was n't moving at all . 
 `` could it be ? 
 did she received so much damage from the right that she ca n't move ? '' 
 alonso also noticed the problem with valeria . 
 not wanting to lose that opportunity , alonso quickly yelled at lea . 
 `` chica , you have to attack now ! 
 you wo n't get a chance like this in the next round ! 
 attack her with everything you got ! '' 
 lea heard the coach , and started to slide towards valeria , but lea was going too slow . 
 `` damn it ! 
 la chica took too much damage from the previous counter , now is a battle of who lands the last punch ! '' 
 it was painfully slow for alonso , which put him on edge . 
 fortunately , lea was slowly getting closer to valeria . 
 `` this is bad , i barely have enough strength to move my arms , standing is already difficult for me , but i 'm not giving up . 
 i recognize you as a real boxer , specter . 
 i 'll beat you in this last attack . 
 i 'll finish this with a counter ! '' 
 thought valeria . 
 she stood her ground and waited for lea to get into punching range . 
 two minutes have passed , which left more than enough time to end the match . 
 at the pace that lea was going , she would reach valeria in a few seconds . 
 the seconds felt like hours for everyone in the arena , it was so quiet that you could hear a drop of sweat . 
 no one could take their eyes off of the match because they knew that anything could happen at any second . 
 although , no one noticed something strange in lea , everyone thought that she got up without a problem . 
 the referee did n't notice anything strange either because lea 's eyes appeared to be focused , but did n't notice that her mind was half conscious . 
 `` i see someone in front of me ... in a fighting pose . 
 am i sparring ? 
 i hear the coach ... telling me to ... attack with everything i have , but is difficult . 
 my body ... feels heavy , everything looks blurry . '' 
 thought lea . 
 then , she heard a voice . 
 it was a familiar voice , but she could n't remember who it belong to at the moment . 
 all lea knew , was that it was female , and was calling her name . 
 `` lea ... lea . '' 
 the voice called to lea . 
 `` who 's that ? 
 why is she calling me ? '' 
 `` wake up . '' 
 `` wake up ? '' 
 `` wake up ! 
 she 's right in front of you ! '' 
 yelled alonso from the corner . 
 he found it strange that lea was moving like that , almost like in a trance , so he easily realized that lea was half conscious . 
 valeria noticed it before lea got into punching range . 
 `` she has n't fully recovered . 
 a good punch should be enough to finish her off . '' 
 thought valeria , who was prepared to throw a straight right at lea 's face . 
 lea was about to get into punching range , but she was n't fully conscious , until alonso tried to call for her one more time . 
 `` wake up ! 
 if you take this punch , you wo n't get up again ! '' 
 that helped lea to get back to reality . 
 `` what was that ? 
 was i dreaming ? '' 
 lea was moving forward without knowing , but she noticed what was waiting for her . 
 lea got into punching range and valeria threw a right straight at lea . 
 lea tried to move away , but she was too damaged to move quickly , and the punch was inches away from its target . 
 lea quickly weaved to the left , dodging the punch . 
 then , she moved forward , getting close to valeria . 
 from there , lea landed a left hook on the most exposed area , the liver . 
 valeria felt pain so excruciating , that she bent forward . 
 if that was n't enough , valeria 's face was telling the whole story while groaning in pain . 
 lea did n't let that opportunity to slip from her hands and landed a right uppercut on valeria 's chin , sending valeria 's head flying back . 
 valeria could n't hold herself up and fell on her back . 
 the referee quickly stepped between them and ordered lea to head back to a neutral corner . 
 while lea started to slid to the corner and the referee was about to start the count . 
 then , the referee looked again and noticed that valeria 's eyes were not focused . 
 the referee waved his hand in front of valeria 's face , but there was no reaction . 
 with that realization , there was no more to question , valeria was knocked out . 
 therefore , the referee signaled the end of the match by crossing his arms over and over again . 
 the bell ringed , signaling the end of the match , which made the audience cheer . 
 they were congratulating both fighters for such a fight that should be in a championship . 
 the referee grabbed one of lea 's arms and said what any other referee would say . 
 `` winner : specter . '' 
 after saying that , the referee left lea . 
 alonso and fergus headed towards lea , who was standing in the neutral corner , while tom and his assistant headed towards valeria to check on her . 
 `` you did it , chica . 
 you won your debut match . 
 you did good . '' 
 said alonso in relief . 
 `` i did it ? 
 i really did ? 
 it kind of happened in a flash for me . '' 
 said lea in disbelief . 
 `` why do n't you look over there ? '' 
 asked fergus , who pointed towards valeria . 
 she was leaving the ring with the support of her seconds . 
 `` so ... i really did it . 
 she 's really strong . 
 i thought i would lose when i saw the punch coming at me . '' 
 said lea . 
 `` yeah , but with your hard work , you managed to win against such a strong opponent . 
 now , let 's go , you need to rest after this match . '' 
 said alonso `` okay . '' 
 with alonso supporting lea , all of them started to leave the ring . 
 suddenly , a feeling hit her , a feeling that she never had when she started her career . 
 `` so , this is how it feels to win with hard work . 
 it feels great . '' 
 lea left the ring with a smile on her face . 
 back in the audience , alinda and the rest were watching lea leave the ring after such a difficult debut match . 
 `` that was a very close fight , if she had thrown a desperate shot first , she would have been countered . '' 
 said alinda , who had more experience with counters than the rest . 
 `` that was great ! 
 this marks a good start for specter ! '' 
 yelled salena in happiness . 
 `` that it was , but who knows if the committee will take it more easily with lea from now on . '' 
 said hilda , who was worried , but also , happy for lea . 
 `` you think they might try something like this again ? '' 
 asked alinda in worry . 
 `` probably , the insult was pretty heavy , and her attitude made boxing look bad . 
 if they do n't try it in the next fight , they might try later . '' 
 `` no matter , she will simply get stronger and stronger . 
 we should help as much as we can . 
 after all , we 're her friends , right ? '' 
 said salena , whose optimistic words lifted the mood in their group . 
 `` you 're right , she can do this , and she just proved it in this fight . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` good point there . 
 well , let 's go and check on her . '' 
 after hilda said that , the group left their seats and headed to the locker rooms . 
 after sliding for a while , the group reached the locker rooms . 
 the group went in and they saw a doctor , who was a wererabbit , checking lea 's damage . 
 the story behind the wererabbit was that they were also called `` moon rabbits '' from japanese and chinese mythology . 
 they were called that because there was the silhouette of a rabbit on the moon . 
 therefore , they were called moon rabbits because of it , but in reality , they were wererabbits and they have always lived on earth , along with everyone else . 
 they have the legs of a rabbit , tail , and ears , so they could run fast and hear better than the average human . 
 the doctor was finishing her examination when alinda and the rest entered the locker room . 
 `` there does n't seem to be anything serious , but i recommend that you to get an examination as soon as possible . '' 
 said the doctor with a professional voice . 
 `` okay , thank you . '' 
 said lea , who was relieved by the news . 
 after that , the doctor left the room and lea 's friends approached lea . 
 `` hey , lass , nice fight you had out there . '' 
 said hilda with a smile . 
 `` way to go , lea ! '' 
 said salena , who cheerfully rose a fist into the air . 
 `` that was a good entrance into the boxing world . '' 
 said alinda in a serene manner , but with a smile on her face . 
 `` thanks , everyone . '' 
 said lea , who showed them a tired smile on her face . 
 `` you did good today , but there will be more fights ahead of you . 
 for now , do as the doctor said and take some days off . '' 
 ordered alonso , who was feeling concern for lea , but as always , he was not showing it too much . 
 `` yes , coach . '' 
 `` good , while you dress , we 'll be waiting outside of the building , so do n't take long . '' 
 `` okay , i wo n't . '' 
 with that said , everyone left lea alone , while she got dressed . 
 once she was done , lea left the locker room and started sliding along the corridors , but met up with the person she would least expect . 
 `` v-valeria ! '' 
 valeria was also surprised to meet up with lea . 
 `` specter ... hey . '' 
 greeted valeria . 
 `` h-hey , h-how are you ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 `` well , besides you beating the hell out of me and throwing all the hard training i have done down the shit hole , i 'm fine . '' 
 answered valeria with sarcasm . 
 `` o-oh , yeah , that was ... stupid of me to ask . '' 
 the response made lea look shyly at the floor . 
 after that , valeria quickly realized what she said , and regretted it . 
 `` no no , i 'm sorry , i should n't have said that . 
 besides , i 'm the one who should be apologizing for calling you a waste of time . 
 so , i 'm sorry . '' 
 valeria 's awkward apology made lea lift her gaze . 
 then , lea started to wave her hands in front of her . 
 `` n-no , it 's okay , i barely won against you , and you 're very strong . '' 
 `` you can hold your own too , you know ? '' 
 valeria started to feel at ease with lea , which was a little strange for valeria . 
 `` uh , t-thanks . '' 
 `` for someone who was insulted by the boxer that she just beat , she 's pretty cool about it . 
 i guess i misjudged her . '' 
 then , lea realized something and smacked herself on the face . 
 `` i totally forgot ! 
 my friends are waiting for me ! 
 i 'm sorry , i have to go , hope you feel better and good luck ! '' 
 lea spoke quickly and started to slide away , hoping that her group had n't been waiting for too long . 
 valeria was simply left standing in the hallway , looking at lea leave in a hurry . 
 by the time lea left the hallway , tom joined valeria , who had enough time to see lea leave . 
 `` hey , valeria , you were talking to specter ? 
 i ca n't believe i 'm using that name . '' 
 said tom , who felt silly after using lea 's ring name . 
 `` yeah , i just wanted to apologize for my attitude , which i did , and we 're good now . '' 
 answered valeria with a look of relief . 
 `` that 's good to hear , she does n't sound like a bad person . '' 
 `` she is n't . '' 
 after valeria said that , they started to leave the venue . 
 `` do n't let this loss get to you . 
 i know how - '' tom was stopped by valeria 's words . 
 `` my grandfather lost some fights too , but he learned from them and kept going forward . 
 do n't worry , tom , i 'm not giving up , i 'm going to make my grandfather proud . '' 
 that helped tom to calm down and started to feel proud of valeria . 
 `` yeah , good words , valeria , we 're going to work hard and we 're going to be the winners next time . '' 
 `` exactly , now let 's go , i need to rest . '' 
 `` okay , i 'm tire too , you know ? 
 all of this is getting hard for my age . '' 
 `` yeah , right . 
 you look like someone who 's going to live a hundred years . '' 
 with that , they both laughed out loud . 
 after all was said and done , they kept going on their way to leave the venue . 
 `` i do n't know what specter said to you , but it seems to have helped you deal with this lose a little easier . '' 
 tom felt thankful towards lea , and hoped that her career was a good one . 
 meanwhile , lea finally reached the group that was waiting for her . 
 `` hey , lea , you took longer than expected . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` yeah , are you okay ? '' 
 asked salena in worry . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i just talked with someone and i got caught up . '' 
 answered lea while pointing at the doors of the venue . 
 `` with who ? '' 
 asked hilda . 
 `` with valeria . '' 
 answered lea , and that surprised everyone . 
 `` that ... must have been awkward , especially since she thought badly of you . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` actually , she wanted to apologize for it . '' 
 said lea , and that was another big surprise for the group . 
 `` it could n't have been easy for her . '' 
 said alonso , who was starting to feel a little more respect for valeria . 
 `` losing to the enemy after boasting , then apologizing to her face , she must have a tremendous will to do it . '' 
 `` i never saw it that way . '' 
 `` well , do n't think too hard on it , is simply the winner and the loser , so just let it go . 
 leaving that behind , here 's your pay . '' 
 alonso pulled out an envelope and gave it to lea , who opened it and looked inside . 
 she pulled the money out , and counted $ 500 dollars . 
 `` this is ... mine ? '' 
 `` it 's not that much , you should know that you once made millions in a single fight . 
 this is just the start , if you keep winning , you will be paid more and more . 
 which is also more money for us , but that means that the fight will be even harder , so be ready . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 after alonso said that , salena took it as her opportunity to say what she wanted to say . 
 `` so , now that you have some extra money , why do n't you buy something for yourself ? '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` well , you do lack a tv at your place . '' 
 alinda got suspicious of salena after hearing that from her . 
 `` why would she buy a tv ? 
 sounds like you want the tv for yourself . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` come on , alinda , she does n't have anything else to do in her place , it 's kind of boring . 
 you should buy something to kill time , buy a tv , or a computer . '' 
 said salena . 
 `` she 's too busy for any of that stuff ; she should use it for something more important . 
 besides , you have a tv at your house , why do n't you watch it there ? '' 
 `` is more fun if i watch it with a friend , even more if it 's at their place , do n't you think ? 
 i mean , what if she has visits ? 
 they should be entertained with something . '' 
 `` well , when you put it that way ... but they are expensive , the fight money would be gone really fast . '' 
 `` there might be a special going on . 
 it could be cheaper than we think . '' 
 everyone could see that salena was n't going to let it go . 
 it exasperated alinda , who did n't like when salena started to get pushy over something that alinda considered childish . 
 `` either way , it 's lea 's money , she should decide what to do with it . '' 
 `` please , lea . 
 if you want , i could help you in finding a special . '' 
 after salena said that , lea thought for a moment , and came to a decision . 
 `` well , i could use one to kill time , while i work out at least . 
 okay , i 'll buy one . 
 do you know where the special is ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` i could look for one . 
 i 'll let you know tomorrow when i find anything . '' 
 said salena in excitement . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` now that it 's settled , can we leave now ? 
 i 'm getting hungry . '' 
 said hilda and her stomach started to growl . 
 `` oh , right , sorry . '' 
 said lea . 
 with the conversation over , they go to their respective homes to call it a day . 
 once lea was dropped to the gym , lea went inside , slid up the stairs , and prepared to go to sleep , feeling the fatigue from the fight coming to her . 
 when she did everything she needed to get ready to sleep , she turned off the lights , and went straight to bed . 
 while in bed , lea started to think about the match and her victory over valeria . 
 lea understood that it was just the beginning and the money was n't much , but it was a good start to reach her goal . 
 `` maybe i should save this money instead of using it , but i do n't make too much , so using this one payment and saving the bigger ones might be better . '' 
 lea shook her head after thinking that . 
 `` what am i thinking ? 
 i should be saving the money , but i already promised salena that i would buy one . 
 maybe i could buy the cheapest one that i can find and that would be it . 
 yeah , i could do that , i 'm using it , but am also saving as much as possible . '' 
 with that decided , she went to sleep , fatigue finally taking her to dreamland . 
 the next day , salena went to lea 's place and knocked on the door . 
 lea heard the knock , woke up from her slumber , and answered the door . 
 `` hey , lea , are you awake ? '' 
 asked salena , who did n't seem to know how to speak quietly . 
 `` salena ? 
 is something wrong ? '' 
 asked lea , who seemed to be half-asleep . 
 `` no , why are you asking ? '' 
 `` you were knocking very hard on the door , and yelling . '' 
 answered lea while rubbing her eyes . 
 `` oh , sorry , it just that today is the day that you buy a new tv . '' 
 salena was excited because of it . 
 `` i should have seen this from the always-cheerful salena . 
 so , where 's the special ? '' 
 `` here 's the address . '' 
 salena gave a piece of paper to lea . 
 `` and good luck . '' 
 salena gave a pat to lea 's shoulder , and after that , she started to descend the stairs . 
 `` wait , you 're not coming ? '' 
 that woke lea up , who was now surprised . 
 `` i have to train today , i have matches too , you know . 
 i 'm sure you 'll have no problems finding the place , later . '' 
 after giving her farewell with a smile , salena left to train . 
 `` i forgot that she also fights . 
 guess i have to go alone then . '' 
 lea got back inside to her apartment and prepared to leave to the electronic store . 
 before lea left the gym , alonso called her . 
 `` hey , chica , come here for a moment . '' 
 lea slid towards alonso . 
 `` what is it , coach ? '' 
 `` i just finished getting an appointment for you at the hospital . 
 here 's the address and the time , do n't be late , you hear ? '' 
 alonso gave lea a piece of paper with said address and time of the appointment . 
 `` yeah , i 'll be there , thank you . '' 
 after that , lea left the gym . 
 at that time , lea did n't have a car of her own , therefore she had to use the buses to move around . 
 lea had experience riding the bus , so she had no problem reaching the place that salena was talking about . 
 the store was a big one , a new one in lea 's opinion . 
 the name of the store was `` electronic master '' , which sounded inspirational , but it was a simple electronic store . 
 it was a new place in the area , since there was a big yellow sign with black letters that said `` grand opening '' . 
 to attract attention , they gave a special discount on that day . 
 lea went into the store , headed to the tv section , looked at the tvs , and their prices . 
 some were of a decent size , and because of the opening special , some of them cost around $ 250 , so lea had many choices . 
 lea saw a tv that she liked at a good price , and grabbed it . 
 once lea payed the tv with cash , she left the store , and started to head to the bus stop . 
 the tv was n't really heavy , so lea had no problem carrying it around . 
 while turning to a corner , she nearly bumped into someone , but stopped quickly before that could happen . 
 `` excuse me . '' 
 said lea and moved to the side . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 said the person . 
 after that , they kept going on their way . 
 then , it came to them , which made lea and the other person turn around to face each other . 
 the moment they laid eyes on each other , they got the surprise of their lives . 
 `` julie ?! '' 
 lea took a second look to the person that she never expected to see so soon . 
 `` lea ? 
 is that you ? '' 
 asked julie , who started to take a closer look . 
 the last time julie saw lea , was when they ate breakfast together , after lea saved julie from robbers . 
 to julie , lea looked healthier and fitter than before . 
 `` hey , h-how are you ? '' 
 lea was nervous because she did n't know what else to say , but julie was obviously happy to see lea . 
 `` it really is you , it 's been so long ! 
 you looking good , but what happened to your face ? '' 
 julie saw the patches on lea 's face and started to worry . 
 `` oh , this ? 
 i ... uh ... got into a ... work accident . 
 it 's nothing serious . '' 
 `` you sure ? 
 do you need a ride to the hospital ? '' 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 i do n't want to bother you . 
 besides , i have an appointment in a few hours . '' 
 `` really ? 
 i 'm glad for it . '' 
 that calmed julie , and after that , she asked with a friendly smile . 
 `` hey , do you want to go and get breakfast with me ? 
 i have n't eaten yet . '' 
 after julie asked that , they hear a growling noise , which was coming from lea 's belly . 
 `` sounds like a good idea . '' 
 answered lea with a blush of embarrassment on her face . 
 `` great , i know a place close by . 
 come on . '' 
 julie was about to start walking , until she noticed the box that lea was carrying . 
 `` oh , sorry , want to leave it in my car ? '' 
 `` you sure ? 
 is not that heavy . '' 
 `` yeah , come on , my car is not far . '' 
 after julie said that , they both head to julie 's car , which was a 4-door 2010 ford fusion . 
 after lea left the tv in the car , they went to get breakfast . 
 `` so , new tv ? '' 
 `` uh , yeah . 
 i have n't added anything else to my place , except for the essentials . 
 one of my friends suggested that i get one . '' 
 `` that 's cool . 
 at least you have something to entertain you . '' 
 said julie with a smile . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 after that , they continued on their way to get breakfast . 
 at first , lea did n't notice the clothes that julie had , but when she took a second look , lea liked what she saw . 
 julie was wearing a black business skirt , black blazer , and a shirt under it . 
 lea thought that it was sexy , mostly because she could see that julie had nice legs . 
 `` you look nice on those clothes . '' 
 complimented lea while trying to hide the blush on her face . 
 `` thanks , but i do n't like dressing up like this , it feels restrictive . 
 i only wear this when i have some business to do . 
 i like what you 're wearing instead . '' 
 lea was wearing some cargo shorts for lamias with a t-shirt . 
 it was julie 's turn to look that time , but it was n't the clothes what had julie 's attention , it was lea 's body . 
 julie remembered lea looking thinner than before , but at that moment , she looked like she could take a person down with a single punch . 
 lea 's shirt hid most of her body , but anyone could take a look at her arms , which showed that lea had good muscles . 
 that brought the attention of , not only men , but also women . 
 `` i have to admit it , lea looks quite exotic . '' 
 lea noticed julie 's look and asked . 
 `` is something wrong ? '' 
 `` oh no , do n't worry about it . '' 
 it was julie 's turn to hide her blush , which was out of embarrassment for staring at lea . 
 `` okay , are we close to the place ? '' 
 `` yeah , we 're nearly there . '' 
 just like julie said , the restaurant that they were going into was just across the street . 
 it was a place called `` thomas '' , which was a decent fast food restaurant that was n't too expensive . 
 they both enter the restaurant and head to the register to give their orders to a weremouse . 
 they were originally called wererats because they were mostly found in damp , dark places . 
 however , once they started to reveal themselves more and more , it was realized that they were called weremouse and they considered the other name very offensive . 
 they look very human , except for the obvious large round ears on their heads and the mouse tail , but otherwise , they looked very human . 
 lea and julie gave their orders . 
 lea wanted some pancakes with ham , bacon , and sausage links . 
 as for a drink , lea ordered milk . 
 julie wanted a sandwich and coffee . 
 once their orders were taken , a question popped into their heads , and started to wonder on who was going to pay . 
 julie did n't have a problem paying , so she started to take her wallet out , but lea stopped her . 
 `` i can pay for you . '' 
 offered lea while looking for her money . 
 `` it 's okay , lea , i 'll do it . '' 
 said julie , who took her wallet out . 
 `` let me , is the least i can do after what you did for me . '' 
 `` that 's because you saved me before . 
 besides , i invited you , so that means that i pay . '' 
 it was starting to turn into an argument , and the cashier joined in to get it over with . 
 `` she got a point there . '' 
 said the cashier . 
 lea put her hands in her pockets and looked down . 
 `` fine . '' 
 said lea . 
 with that over , julie payed for the breakfast and they went to take their seats . 
 lea kept feeling bad about julie paying for the meal . 
 `` does it really bother you ? 
 i really do n't mind , you know ? '' 
 said julie , who was trying to cheer lea up . 
 `` no no , it 's just ... i do n't want you to think that i 'm taking advantage of you . '' 
 `` i know you 're not . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` to be honest ... i really do n't know . 
 i just feel like ... you would n't do it , and you look like someone who would n't do it . '' 
 those words made lea blush . 
 `` so ... how have you been ? 
 what happened to you after you left ? '' 
 `` well , i ... looked for work . 
 i asked so many people , that i lost count . 
 then , i found this place that 's a gym and they gave me a job . 
 they were even kind enough to give me a place to stay . '' 
 answered lea , who was nervous . 
 she could n't tell julie that lea joined the gym and became a boxer to pay julie 's debt because she knew that julie hated violence , and it would most definitely include boxing . 
 `` they sound like great people , especially after they gave you a place to stay . '' 
 `` yeah , they really are . 
 what about you ? 
 is everything going well for you ? '' 
 `` yup , nothing to worry about . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` yeah , everything is going well . 
 i just ... missed you . '' 
 julie started to feel awkward after saying that . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 lea started to feel bad about it . 
 `` no need to apologize , we 're here now . '' 
 by the time julie finished saying that , their breakfast was ready and lea left their table to get their food . 
 `` i wonder if she 's saying that so that i would n't worry about it . 
 then again , she does n't look distressed or nervous . 
 maybe it 's not as bad as i thought , but i get the feeling that she 's hiding something . 
 if that 's the case , i 'll keep fighting , just to be on the safe side . '' 
 after lea thought that , she decided to drop the subject for the moment . 
 once lea got the food , she took it to their table and started eating . 
 `` you know , you could visit anytime that you want , the doors are always open for you . '' 
 said julie with a small smile . 
 `` oh , yeah , i will . '' 
 answered lea , even though she did n't know if she could . 
 `` so , what kind of gym is it ? '' 
 julie gave her full attention to lea . 
 `` oh , is actually a medium-sized gym . 
 you know , with the weights and all that stuff . '' 
 lea tried to look calm , but she was nervous on the inside . 
 `` so , is business going well ? '' 
 `` yeah , we have a good amount of members , who come at different times . '' 
 `` what do you do in it ? '' 
 `` i 'm basically the janitor . 
 i clean , open , and close the place . 
 sometimes i help other members with their exercises when i have the time . '' 
 `` does it pay well ? '' 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i get enough to get by . 
 besides , i do n't have anything to spend it on , except food or other important stuff . '' 
 `` that 's great . 
 they might give you a raise someday . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 oh , how are lucy and nick ? '' 
 `` they are healthy as always . 
 lucy likes to joke as always and nick is working like always . 
 they actually remember you . '' 
 `` really ? 
 they seemed like good people . '' 
 `` yeah , they would like you to come visit me . 
 they like it when i have friends around my age . '' 
 `` is n't there anyone else young in there ? '' 
 `` there are , but i 'm pretty much busy maintaining the place . 
 today is actually one of my free days , but as you can see , i had something to deal with . 
 fortunately , i dealt with it pretty quickly . 
 i might take some more days off . '' 
 julie started to feel silly , especially since she barely took them and most likely wo n't take them . 
 `` that 's good . '' 
 after lea said that , they simply kept small talk and continued eating their breakfast . 
 `` it 's just like before , it feels nice to eat with her . 
 maybe because she 's my friend , but why does it feel different than with the others ? '' 
 lea did n't have the answer to that question , so she decided to let it go . 
 before they finished , julie decided to call the house and let them know that she would be late . 
 once they were done , they headed to the car and julie drove them to the hospital , which was n't too far . 
 once they arrived to the building , lea went to the reception desk and asked the werecat nurse about lea 's appointment . 
 werecats were believed to be mages or humans with the ability to turn into a cat . 
 others thought that they could turn into half-human and half-cats , which was n't the case . 
 it was almost like the werewolf story , in which they were believed to transform in the full moon . 
 in ancient times , they were prosecuted and turned to slaves . 
 so , they came out at night , when no one was around and they used the full moon 's light to look around . 
 they had cat ears on top of their heads , tail , eyes that glow in the dark , able to look in the dark , good flexibility , and agility . 
 in modern times , they are treated as normal citizens . 
 some people , both human and inter-species people , consider them cute . 
 the receptionist confirmed the appointment and told lea to take a seat , which she did . 
 julie took a seat besides lea and decided to grab a magazine close by . 
 fortunately , it was the type that julie liked , while lea simply waited patiently . 
 it did n't take long for lea 's name to be called , and before lea could slid to the doctor , julie asked . 
 `` want me to come with you ? '' 
 `` no no , it 's okay , i can go . 
 i do n't think it will take long . '' 
 said lea , who was happy to know that julie was the same helpful person that lea remembered . 
 `` okay , i 'll be here if you need me . '' 
 after julie said that , lea went to the elf doctor , who started lea 's examination . 
 it was mostly to check for any brain damage , since lea was knocked down in the previous fight , and to see any other damage to her body . 
 it did n't take long , and the doctor said that lea had nothing to worry about , but recommended that she rest properly . 
 the doctor said that the readings will be sent to the gym and she was free to go . 
 lea gave her thanks and left the room . 
 once julie saw lea , julie got up and asked . 
 `` how did it go ? '' 
 lea did n't seem to be worried , so julie guessed that everything was alright . 
 `` i have nothing serious , but the doctor said that i should rest properly . '' 
 answered lea . 
 `` that 's great to hear , need to go somewhere else ? '' 
 asked julie with her usual smile . 
 `` nope , i want to go home to rest . '' 
 `` okay , let 's go . '' 
 they left the hospital and got on julie 's car . 
 julie drove them away and asked lea for directions of the gym she was staying in . 
 it turned out to be on the same city where julie lived , and it was n't that far . 
 they arrived at the gym that lea talked about . 
 `` well , we 're here . '' 
 it was all lea said , not knowing what to say at moments like that one . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 answered julie and they went silent for a moment . 
 `` it looks nice , and it seems to have members . '' 
 `` yeah , it really does . '' 
 silence again . 
 `` well , thanks for the ride . '' 
 `` no problem . '' 
 lea got out of the car , went to the back seat to grab her tv , and went to julie 's window . 
 `` well , see you another time ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 oh , do you have a phone ? '' 
 `` well , it 's mostly the gym 's phone , so i can give you that one . '' 
 `` oh , okay . '' 
 julie pulled out her cellphone and lea gave the number . 
 once julie was done putting the phone number in her contacts , she put her phone away , and it got quiet again . 
 `` well , see you next time . '' 
 `` see you . '' 
 lea started to slide away slowly and julie slowly started to put the key in the ignition , until lea stopped and turned around . 
 `` say ... '' `` yeah ? '' 
 julie put the key away from the ignition . 
 `` would you like to ... come in ? 
 since i 'm free and you 're free , i thought that ... i could show you my place . '' 
 lea was nervous about asking that , but she thought that it would be rude if she did n't invite julie in . 
 julie smiled because of the invitation and said . 
 `` i would love that . '' 
 julie got out of the car , put the alarm , and headed to the gym with lea , who started to realize that it might be a bad idea . 
 `` oh no , no one knows that julie is coming , and if they see us , they might reveal that i 'm boxing . '' 
 lea believed that julie might not want to talk to her if julie found out about it , so lea was praying to whatever power there was that those three were out . 
 fortunately , once they got inside , lea did not find any sign of them , which made her give a sigh of relief , but it might have been short lived . 
 `` wait , this is a boxing gym , why did n't you tell me it was a boxing gym ? '' 
 julie was displeased by what she was seeing . 
 `` oh ... well , i - '' lea was starting to panic , trying to find words that would calm julie . 
 `` now that i think about it , your face was injured , does that mean that ... ? '' 
 it was obvious that julie was starting to get angry , and lea started to panic even more at the sound of that . 
 `` no no , i can explain . '' 
 `` someone in here hurt you , right ? '' 
 `` i ... what ? '' 
 `` someone did that to you , right ? 
 who was it ?! '' 
 julie started to look for the one responsible , even though she did n't know who it was . 
 `` oh , no no , it was an accident while i was cleaning , just an accident . '' 
 answered lea , which seemed to calm julie . 
 `` you sure ? 
 i do n't have a problem to give whoever did this to you a piece of my mind , you know ? '' 
 `` i know , it 's okay , it was a work accident . '' 
 `` okay , sorry if i startled you . 
 i just do n't want you to get hurt . '' 
 julie gave a smile to lea and started to feel embarrassed about going off like that . 
 `` do n't worry about it , let 's go to my room . '' 
 lea responded and returned julie 's smile with one of her own . 
 `` okay . '' 
 with that said , they both moved through the gym and went upstairs . 
 lea opened the door to her apartment and let julie in . 
 julie looked around the whole space . 
 `` it looks nice , and it has space to move around . '' 
 `` yeah , i 'm going to put the tv while you get comfortable . '' 
 `` all right . '' 
 julie looked around and found out that lea did n't have sofas or anything to sit on , except for the chairs in the kitchen . 
 lea noticed julie looking around and said . 
 `` sorry , i forgot i do n't have a lot of furniture , let me pull out the bed . '' 
 lea went to a wall , pulled its handle , and the bed came out of the wall . 
 `` that 's kind of awesome . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 julie sat on the bed and lea went back to put the tv . 
 once the tv was set , lea turned the tv , and put a tv show . 
 the tv had good signal because of the built-in antenna , but lea did n't care about it too much . 
 once it was set up , lea turned towards julie , and saw her lying on the bed , which was cute in lea 's opinion . 
 `` comfortable ? '' 
 `` yup . '' 
 after julie said that , someone started to knock on the door . 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 lea went to the door and opened it . 
 she saw the group that she was hoping would come back later . 
 `` hey , lea , you got the tv ? 
 can we see it ? '' 
 said salena , who was eager to see it . 
 `` i ca n't believe you dragged her me just to see the tv . '' 
 said alinda , who was a little annoyed by it , but happy . 
 `` if my memory does n't fail me , you agreed to come very quickly . '' 
 said hilda , who found it funny . 
 `` t-that 's because she was been persistent ! '' 
 answered alinda while trying to look irritated . 
 `` its fine , it 's fine . 
 so , lea , can we - '' before salena finished the question , lea closed the door in their faces . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 asked alinda . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 answered salena . 
 at the other side of the door , lea was standing in front of the door and julie saw what happened . 
 `` is something wrong ? '' 
 asked julie . 
 `` huh ? 
 oh , uh , no , nothing , i simply remembered something that i have to do in the gym , i 'll be right back . '' 
 said lea , who was hiding something , but julie did n't notice . 
 `` oh , okay . '' 
 after julie said that , lea got out of the apartment , and met with the group . 
 `` hey , lea , is something - '' said salena , but she was n't allowed to finish because lea started to push everyone . 
 `` downstairs . '' 
 said lea . 
 they obeyed and started to go down to the gym . 
 once they were in the gym , alinda asked what everyone wanted to know . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 `` yeah , what gives ? '' 
 asked salena , who was bothered because she could n't see the tv . 
 `` i 'm really sorry . 
 i 'll explain later , just promise me something . '' 
 said lea while looking upstairs , hoping that julie stayed in the apartment . 
 `` well , what is it , lass ? '' 
 asked hilda . 
 `` i have a friend upstairs that does n't like violence , so do n't tell her i 'm a boxer , please ? '' 
 begged lea while putting her hands together . 
 `` uh , okay ? '' 
 said salena while shrugging . 
 everyone else agreed with salena . 
 `` thanks , you can come up now . '' 
 lea slid up the stairs , and the others follow behind her . 
 once they got into lea 's apartment , julie looked at the group and sat up , while salena saw the tv . 
 `` sweet ! 
 nice choice , lea . '' 
 salena went to the tv , without noticing the person on the bed . 
 hilda and alinda did notice her . 
 `` hey , lea , is she a friend of yours ? '' 
 asked alinda , which made salena look at alinda . 
 `` friend ? '' 
 salena looked behind her and saw julie . 
 `` oh , hey there , sorry i did n't notice you . '' 
 `` oh no , it 's okay . '' 
 said julie while waving a hand . 
 `` julie , these are alinda , hilda , and salena . 
 everyone , this is julie . '' 
 lea introduced them while pointing at each one . 
 `` nice to meet you . '' 
 greeted julie while extending her hand with a smile . 
 `` nice to meet you too . '' 
 said alinda , who accepted julie 's hand and returned the smile with one of her own . 
 `` a pleasure to meet you , lass . '' 
 said hilda , who also shook julie 's hand , while making sure not to grip it too hard . 
 `` it 's always great to meet new friends . '' 
 said salena and shook the hand more vigorously than the rest . 
 `` oh , let 's watch some tv . '' 
 salena sat in front of the tv rather quickly in everyone 's opinion . 
 `` anyways , how long have you known lea ? '' 
 asked alinda . 
 `` it 's been a couple of months , what about you ? '' 
 asked julie . 
 `` same here , she 's easy to like , even though she can be a bit quiet . '' 
 the both of them looked at lea . 
 `` i 'm not that quiet . '' 
 said lea while looking at the floor . 
 `` wait , now that i think about it , are the three of you boxers ? '' 
 asked julie . 
 `` yup . '' 
 answered salena while watching the tv . 
 `` same here . '' 
 answered alinda , who was hoping that it was n't a bad idea . 
 `` me too . '' 
 answered hilda , who did n't see the point of hiding it . 
 `` oh , okay . '' 
 said julie , and they can feel that she did n't like that . 
 `` you do n't like boxers ? '' 
 asked alinda . 
 `` i just do n't like violence . '' 
 they can tell that it was something more deep , but they did n't want her to be uncomfortable , so they tried to drop the subject . 
 `` well , while we 're not fighting , you do n't have to think of us as boxers , think of us as something else . '' 
 suggested hilda . 
 `` i could try that . '' 
 said julie , who truly wanted to get along with them . 
 `` great , now let 's watch some tv . '' 
 suggested salena without taking her eyes away from the tv . 
 everyone just looked at salena . 
 `` i think she likes it , a lot . '' 
 said hilda , who never expected to see something that would keep salena still . 
 `` more like hypnotized . '' 
 said lea . 
 `` this is why i think it was a bad idea . '' 
 said alinda , who expected that to happen . 
 and so , they spent some time together , getting to know each other . 
 of course , excluding the part of them been boxers , which julie never brought it up and neither did lea 's group of friends . 
 it was hard to dislike julie because she was such a friendly person . 
 nothing serious went on and they called it a day around sunset . 
 lea went with julie to her car . 
 `` i 'm sorry , lea . '' 
 said julie and it caught lea by surprise . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` i know that they 're your friends , and i 'm really glad for that . 
 it 's just that ... i do n't feel comfortable around them . '' 
 julie looked ashamed after saying that . 
 `` it 's because of the boxing thing , right ? '' 
 julie responded with a nod . 
 `` they 're not bad people . '' 
 `` i know , but why did they chose boxing ? 
 it 's such an awful sport , how can they be good people if they do n't mind hurting others ? '' 
 `` well , there are rules , it 's not like they can beat someone to death . '' 
 `` it does n't change the fact that they hurt people and get paid for that . '' 
 after julie said that , lea realized that julie wo n't change her mind , not matter what lea said . 
 `` please , do n't think too badly of them . '' 
 julie did n't said anything for a while , but then , she said . 
 `` i 'll try . '' 
 `` that 's good enough for me . '' 
 after lea said that , julie gave a smile and got into her car . 
 after starting the car , julie lowered the window from the co-pilot 's side and said . 
 `` i 'll try to pay another visit . '' 
 `` anytime . '' 
 lea knew that julie was lying . 
 `` all right , see you then . '' 
 `` sure , take care . '' 
 after that , julie drove off . 
 once she was gone , lea 's friends came out of the gym , and lea slid towards them . 
 `` you know , she seemed like a good person . 
 why do n't you tell her that you 're a boxer too ? '' 
 asked alinda . 
 `` i do n't think she would like me much if she found out i was a boxer . '' 
 answered lea . 
 `` well , you said you would explain everything , so why do n't you start now ? '' 
 asked hilda . 
 after hilda said that , they all went back to lea 's apartment and lea started to explain about why she started boxing again , how she met julie , and the problem that julie 's group house was facing . 
 `` whoa , that 's kind of cool . 
 you sound like a hero already . 
 do n't worry , lea , i 'll help you in any way i can . '' 
 said salena . 
 `` me too . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` we all will . '' 
 said hilda . 
 `` thanks , everyone . 
 i just hope they can hold on until then . '' 
 thought lea , who got the feeling that julie was n't doing as good as she was trying to imply . 
 chapter 8 : improvement . 
 two weeks have passed since lea 's last match , and she was able to get back in the ring anytime , but she needed opponents first . 
 julie never tried to pay a visit , using the excuse that she had a lot to do . 
 it would have been a problem for lea if julie came to the gym too often , so lea did n't mind . 
 as usual , lea was working in the gym , cleaning the floor , until alonso called for her . 
 `` oye , chica , stop what you 're doing and get your gloves on . '' 
 `` but , i have n't finished cleaning yet , can it wait ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` nope . '' 
 after that blunt response , alonso went to get his mitts . 
 `` well , i guess i 'll finish this later . '' 
 lea left what she was doing and put her gloves on . 
 then , lea started to warm up , which she always did before starting any type of training . 
 once she was done , lea headed to the ring , where alonso was already waiting with the mitts . 
 when lea finally got into the ring , alonso started to explain what they would be doing for the day . 
 `` as you know , you did good in your debut match . '' 
 `` oh yeah , thanks , coach . '' 
 lea felt happy under such praises . 
 `` you did good in winning , but you still got a long way to go . '' 
 `` wait , really ? 
 was it that bad ? '' 
 lea started to worry about it . 
 `` yup , which is why , we are going to be working on your blocking , swaying , bobbing , combination , anything that an in-fighter needs . 
 now , get ready . '' 
 alonso put the mitts up . 
 `` okay . '' 
 lea rose her arms and put them in the peek-a-boo stance . 
 alonso started to give lea some drills , in which lea would throw jabs at the mitts and alonso would come with a strike of his own . 
 in one of those drills , lea dropped the guard and started to punch like normal , but she was hit in the face easily . 
 `` hey hey hey , you 're dropping the defense already . 
 keep it up at all times . '' 
 `` yeah , sorry . '' 
 lea kept doing the drills , throwing jabs , straights , uppercuts , all the punches that she knew . 
 they kept going for hours , until alonso decided to stop for a break . 
 `` we 'll stop here so you can rest . '' 
 after alonso said that , lea sat on the mat . 
 `` okay . '' 
 answered lea while trying to catch her breath . 
 `` by the way , i heard you had a visitor when i was n't around . 
 who was it ? '' 
 `` wait , how do you know about it ? '' 
 `` i just heard people talking about it . 
 word tends to go around here . 
 so , who is this mysterious person that i just heard of ? '' 
 alonso opened one of his eyes as wide as he could , as if his eye would be accusing lea of a crime . 
 `` no no , she 's just a friend i know , that 's all . '' 
 lea was a little intimidated under his eye . 
 `` that 's it ? 
 just a friend ? 
 well , that 's good for you , the only friends you seem to have is the usual trio . '' 
 alonso looked at the said trio . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` i should meet her someday . '' 
 alonso wanted to make sure that lea 's new friend was a good person . 
 `` well , the thing is , she does n't know i 'm a boxer . 
 she does n't like violence , even in sports , so we do n't talk about it , or mention it . '' 
 `` so , you 're hiding it from her ? 
 do n't you think it would be best if you tell her - '' then , alonso came to a realization . 
 `` is she the reason that made you get back into boxing ? '' 
 not finding any point in hiding it , lea decided to admit it . 
 `` yeah , she is . '' 
 `` well , i do n't need some long explanation about why and how . 
 as long as you 're willing to fight in the ring , that 's all that matters to me . '' 
 `` thanks , coach . '' 
 `` well , enough chit chat , time to get back to your training . '' 
 `` yes , coach . '' 
 lea got up from the mat and started to go through the drills again . 
 at the end of the day , lea trained until it was time to close the gym . 
 before lea started to do it , she saw salena and alinda in a conversation , but it was too far to hear , but it seemed something personal . 
 then , salena noticed lea looking their way and called her . 
 `` hey , lea , come here for a sec . '' 
 lea went to them as asked , wondering what was going on . 
 `` hey , sorry about that , i just saw the two of you and - '' said lea , who tried to apologize for meddling , but she was interrupted . 
 `` it 's okay , i was about to tell you too , but alinda and i started to talk . '' 
 salena was been mysteriously serious , even if she had a smile on her face . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` well , you were too busy to have been told about it , but i 'm going to have a match tomorrow . '' 
 `` whoa , really ? 
 is it a tough opponent ? '' 
 `` they 're all tough . 
 i 'm an 8-rounder after all . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you 'll win , you were pretty strong when we fought . '' 
 `` i know i 'm strong , but alinda is really worried about me . '' 
 salena pointed at alinda with her thumb . 
 `` well , i 'm sorry for worrying about you . '' 
 said alinda , who turned her face away from them to avoid showing her worries . 
 salena smiled at the reaction and got closer to alinda . 
 alinda notice salena 's approach and turned her head towards salena . 
 when salena was close enough , she grabbed the back of alinda 's head , and touched her forehead with her own . 
 the gesture surprised lea , but alinda was the most surprised , and quickly tried to compose herself . 
 `` thanks for worrying about me . '' 
 salena 's words seem to have been pleasant for alinda because she blushed , close to making her whole face red . 
 `` n-no problem . '' 
 said alinda in a voice so small , that only salena heard it . 
 after hearing that , salena let go of alinda and headed to the door . 
 `` i do n't know if you 're just teasing me or your head is really as hard as rocks . '' 
 `` well , got to go , i need to sleep for tomorrow . 
 later , everyone , see you at the match . '' 
 salena talked with her usual cheerfulness . 
 `` bye , salena . '' 
 after lea gave her farewells , salena left to get her sleep . 
 alinda was standing in the same spot , and lea wondered if there was something wrong . 
 `` hey , alinda , are you okay ? '' 
 that brought a reaction from alinda , who looked at lea . 
 `` huh ? 
 yeah , i 'm okay , nothing 's wrong . '' 
 said alinda , who was composed and serene , just like she wanted to be . 
 `` you two are really close , are n't you ? '' 
 asked lea with a smile . 
 `` yeah , we practically joined the gym at the same time . '' 
 alinda could still remember that day , which made her smile . 
 `` that must be nice . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 after that , they just stood there in silence . 
 alinda noticed that lea was just standing there , and smiling at alinda , which was strange for her . 
 `` that 's it ? 
 she does n't notice anything else ? 
 i was n't expecting someone as hard headed as salena . 
 well , i better go , so you can close the place . '' 
 `` okay , have a good night . '' 
 lea gave a small wave . 
 `` good night . '' 
 alinda said her farewells and left the gym . 
 lea closed the door and put the equipment away . 
 `` i hope i can go and see her match . 
 i 'm sure she 'll win . '' 
 after everything was set , lea went to her apartment and called it a night . 
 the next morning , lea opened the gym as usual and started to get everything ready for the members and the trainers . 
 during the morning , lea kept working , but noticed that alonso was n't present , which made lea remember that salena was having a match in that day . 
 later in the day , alonso arrived at the gym with salena . 
 `` how did it go at the weigh-in ? '' 
 eagerly asked lea . 
 `` no problems , everything is good and she 's ready to fight . '' 
 answered alonso while trying to look serious , but his voice sounded glad for it . 
 `` yeah , ca n't wait for it . '' 
 said salena after throwing some combinations in the air . 
 `` i wish i could go and see it . '' 
 said lea . 
 `` you are going . 
 we 'll go cheer for salena . '' 
 said alinda from behind , which made everyone look at her . 
 `` yeah ! '' 
 lea was happy to know that she could go and see it . 
 `` well , the match is n't until this evening , so you have time to keep working . 
 tomorrow , you 'll go back to training , since we got a match for you in a month , and alinda , you have a match in a month as well , so do n't forget about it , got it ? '' 
 said alonso . 
 `` yes , coach . '' 
 said lea , who was ready at anytime . 
 `` of course . '' 
 answered alinda in a regal manner . 
 everyone went back to their duties after the announcement . 
 that night , they all went to the venue where the match would take place , which was the same place that lea fought valeria . 
 before the match started , they went to the locker room , where salena was waiting for her call . 
 lea , alinda , and hilda went to wish salena good luck and left as soon as she was called . 
 lea and the rest of the group were waiting in their seats . 
 `` i hope salena is n't very nervous about her match . '' 
 said lea . 
 `` i do n't think she 's going to be nervous very soon . '' 
 hilda said to lea with a playful smile . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` you 'll see . 
 besides , there 's something interesting to look at in salena 's matches . '' 
 after hilda said that , she looked at alinda . 
 `` i have no idea what you 're talking about . '' 
 said alinda , who turned her chin up and her face away . 
 `` oh come on , lass , you should be more honest about it . '' 
 `` i already told you , i have no idea what you 're talking about . '' 
 lea did n't understand what they were talking about , so she waited for whatever hilda was talking about . 
 both boxers came out through the doors , and then , a group in the audience started to cheer as if they saw a famous celebrity . 
 lea looked at the cheering group and notice that most of them were girls of different species . 
 `` h-hey , hilda , what 's with that group over there ? '' 
 asked lea in surprise . 
 `` that 's salena 's fan club . 
 she 's considered the prince of the boxing ring because of her attitude and looks . 
 fortunately , they do n't go chasing her all the way to the gym . '' 
 hilda explained to lea , still with that playful smile . 
 `` that 's amazing . '' 
 while lea was looking at the said group , hilda tapped lea 's shoulder and pointed towards alinda . 
 when lea took a look , she noticed that alinda was in a really bad mood . 
 `` sometimes , this little lass is just too much . '' 
 hilda was trying to hold a laugh , and looked back at the upcoming match , while lea started to think about alinda 's strange attitude . 
 `` i wonder why she 's so bothered . 
 is it because of the fans ? 
 what does that have to do with her ? '' 
 once salena got in the ring , she listened to alonso 's advice and waited for the bell . 
 the bell ringed and the match started , with salena moving forward , just like her opponent , and starting an in-fight . 
 salena was the better in-fighter , attacking the body 's weak points , which made her opponent lose air and started to slow down . 
 in the second round , salena attacked the head , knocking the opponent out and giving her a ko victory . 
 after the match , everyone was outside of the building . 
 `` i told you everything would be alright . '' 
 salena , who was feeling proud , said to alinda . 
 `` yes yes , congratulations , you told me that dozens of times already . '' 
 said alinda , who was starting to regret worrying about salena . 
 `` that was a good comeback , now go and take the rest that you need . '' 
 alonso ordered salena , mostly out of concern . 
 `` comeback ? 
 from what ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` well , comeback is when a boxer gets back into the ring after losing a match . '' 
 answered hilda . 
 `` so ... salena lost once ? '' 
 that was surprising news for lea . 
 `` yeah , i lost by ko , which was kind of bad . 
 ever since then , alinda seems to be more worried about me every time i get into the ring , even though the doctors said that i had nothing wrong in my head . '' 
 answered salena , who did n't let that memory bring down her cheerful mood . 
 `` well , the two of you started boxing around the same time , so you must be very close to each other . '' 
 said lea , who left hilda in disbelief . 
 `` wait , is she for real ? 
 did she get hit too much in her last match ? 
 did n't she saw the face of alinda after hearing the fan club ? '' 
 thought hilda , who could n't believe that lea was as dense as salena , but found it funny . 
 `` well , enough about that , you guys need to rest , so go home already . '' 
 said alonso , who did n't want to hear any kind of argument , especially from alinda and hilda . 
 after that , everyone went to their respective homes and called it a night . 
 the next day , lea was training in the gym again . 
 once afternoon arrived , alonso called for her to continue their training on improving lea 's skills as an in-fighter . 
 that time , they were working on improving head movement so that lea could avoid attacks to her head . 
 alonso was throwing slow punches for lea to dodge with her head , so that she could get the feeling of the movement . 
 then , they would go through drills , in which she would strike with combinations . 
 then , alonso would throw strikes at her , which she would dodge and counter to any available area , either in the body or head . 
 `` come on , chica , go faster , faster ! '' 
 ordered alonso , who made lea dodge even faster than before , which made lea spend more stamina than before , but she did her best to keep going without rest . 
 eventually , alonso stopped the drill and let lea rest for a moment . 
 `` we need to work up your stamina . 
 so , after you rest for a minute , you can go do your roadwork . 
 do n't forget your weighted vest . '' 
 after that , alonso left to help alinda with her training . 
 `` no problem . '' 
 said lea . 
 after she finished catching her breath , she got the vest and went to do her roadwork . 
 after lea was gone , alfred talked to alonso . 
 `` do n't you think you 're going a little too far with her training ? 
 i thought she would pass out from the training . '' 
 said alfred . 
 `` it may look that way , but she will need this if she wants to become a world champion again . 
 lately , i have been noticing a large amount of tougher opponents . 
 besides , she wo n't quit even with this kind of training . '' 
 answered alonso `` what makes you so sure about it ? '' 
 `` i just have a feeling that no matter how hard it gets , she 's just going to keep moving forward . '' 
 `` i hope you 're right . '' 
 after alfred said that , he headed to the office and left alonso with alinda . 
 after lea returned from her roadwork , she was given a minute to rest , and after that , she went back to training . 
 alonso and lea kept doing the drills over and over for hours , until it was time to close the gym again . 
 that time , lea was n't the one closing the gym . 
 it was alfred and alonso , which was strange for lea . 
 `` why are you guys closing ? 
 i can do it , you guys can go home . '' 
 said lea . 
 `` do n't worry , lea , you just go and rest up , you have another day of training tomorrow . '' 
 said alfred with a friendly smile . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i have enough energy to close the gym . '' 
 `` we got this , chica . 
 once you 're done with your match the next month , you 'll go back to closing the gym . '' 
 said alonso , and his voice was telling lea that there was no space for argument . 
 seeing no way to change their minds , lea simply decided to give up . 
 `` okay , sorry for the trouble . '' 
 said lea started , and after that , she went to her apartment . 
 when alfred made sure that lea was gone , he said to alonso . 
 `` you can be a kind man sometimes . '' 
 alfred was actually smiling , but hid it away from alonso . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 i got to worry about my boxer 's well being too , as a trainer . '' 
 answered alonso . 
 `` okay okay . '' 
 they finished closing the place , while lea went to sleep . 
 a week had passed since lea started doing that type of training and everything was going according to plan , until lea got called by alfred . 
 `` hey , lea , you got a phone call . '' 
 alfred informed lea with the phone in his hand . 
 lea was working with alonso in the ring , but stopped when she was called . 
 `` i have a phone call ? 
 who is it ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 she had been called by her friends before because there have been times when they forgot something . 
 they would call her to check for the forgotten item , and when she found it , she would keep it until they returned for it . 
 `` her name is julie . '' 
 after alfred said that , lea quickly left the ring and grabbed the phone , surprising both alonso and alfred . 
 `` h-hello ? '' 
 lea quickly spoke . 
 `` hey , lea , how are you ? '' 
 greeted julie from the other side of the phone , her happiness could be heard in her voice . 
 `` i-i 'm good , very good , what about you ? '' 
 `` bored with work , i have been doing nothing more than work here . '' 
 lea could hear julie 's boredom on the phone . 
 `` why do n't you take a break ? '' 
 `` well , that 's exactly why i 'm calling you . 
 i was wondering if you were busy tomorrow . '' 
 `` um , i was given tomorrow off , so i 'm free . '' 
 `` great , would you like to go somewhere with me ? 
 it would be more fun with you around . '' 
 `` o-of course , yeah , i would like that . '' 
 lea answered happily . 
 `` great , i 'll pick you up tomorrow at 12 . 
 is that okay ? '' 
 `` yeah , no problem . '' 
 `` okay , see you then . '' 
 `` bye , julie . '' 
 then , they both hang up the phone . 
 without noticing , there was a crowd close to the door of the office , which was made up of alonso , alfred , salena , alinda , and hilda . 
 eventually , lea noticed their presence and was surprised by the sight . 
 `` w-what are you guys doing there ? '' 
 `` hey , i thought she was your friend , not your girlfriend . '' 
 teased hilda with a smile on her face . 
 `` we 're just friends , we 're just going to hang out and that 's it . '' 
 said lea . 
 `` with a girl that you seem to like . '' 
 said alinda , who loved romantic stuff like that one . 
 `` of course i like her . 
 she 's my friend . '' 
 said lea . 
 `` but going out , just the two of you , with no one else . 
 no matter how you look at it , it sounds like a date . '' 
 said salena , who was happy for lea . 
 `` it 's not a date . '' 
 argued lea . 
 `` come on , everyone , it 's lea 's business and she needs to go back to training . 
 you too alinda , you have a match at the same time as lea , remember ? '' 
 said alonso , who was trying to end the silly moment , while reprimanding himself mentally for letting his curiosity get the best of him . 
 `` okay , coach . '' 
 said alinda , but before she started to leave , she tried to give advice to lea . 
 `` you should dress properly , just in case . '' 
 `` it 's not a date ! '' 
 after lea yelled that , they all went back to what they were doing . 
 the next day , lea was waiting outside of the gym a few minutes earlier than julie said . 
 lea was n't wearing anything flashy . 
 she was wearing jeans and a t-shirt . 
 after a few minutes of waiting , julie arrived in her car . 
 `` hey , lea , were you waiting too long ? '' 
 asked julie with the usual smile that lea always remembered . 
 `` no , it 's okay . '' 
 answered lea with a smile of her own . 
 `` awesome , get in . '' 
 lea got into the car and they drove off . 
 lea took a look at julie , who was wearing knee-length shorts with a shirt . 
 lea did n't notice , but there was a small crowd looking through the gym 's window . 
 `` there they go . '' 
 said salena , who wondered where they would go to eat . 
 `` yup . '' 
 said hilda , who was happy for lea , despite the previous teasing . 
 `` this could be good . 
 they might grow closer this way . '' 
 said alinda , who started to imagine the romantic date that they would have . 
 `` that 's good and all , but you 're forgetting something . '' 
 said someone from behind them . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 asked salena as she turned around , only to be surprised by the sight of alonso . 
 `` you 're supposed to be training ! '' 
 yelled alonso with an annoyed face . 
 julie drove to a nearby park , which was pretty big . 
 it had good picnic spots , walkways , and open field . 
 it also had nearby restaurants for take-out . 
 `` okay , we 're here . '' 
 julie informed lea , who was a little confused . 
 `` the park ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` yup , it 's a nice day , so i thought that the park would be a good place for a day like this . '' 
 `` sounds relaxing . '' 
 `` it really is , let 's go . '' 
 they both got out of the car and headed into the park . 
 they simply start going through the park , enjoying the view and the calmness of the park . 
 `` so , do you come to the park on your free time ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` this is actually my first time coming to one . 
 i 'm usually working all day or stay at home . '' 
 answered julie . 
 `` what made you rest today ? '' 
 `` lucy and nick , they said something about me working too hard . '' 
 the answer almost made lea laugh , but happy that they worry about julie 's well-being . 
 `` you do seem to work a lot . '' 
 `` look who 's talking , i never get a call from you . '' 
 said julie as she lightly slapped lea 's shoulder . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 lea knew that julie was n't really mad about it , but lea did felt a little bad about it . 
 `` it 's okay , we 're both busy . '' 
 julie wished that it was different . 
 `` well , compared to you , not as much . '' 
 `` come on , your job is more physical than mine , i simply work in my office . 
 anyways , let 's just forget about work for now , and enjoy the day . '' 
 julie spread her arms , enjoying how peaceful the park was . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 lea agreed wholeheartedly . 
 `` now that i think about it , have you gone to a park before ? '' 
 `` as a kid , and when i did n't have a job . '' 
 `` really ? 
 you liked sliding in the park ? '' 
 `` well , i played as a kid , but i used to sleep in the park . '' 
 answered lea while rubbing the back of her head , feeling a little embarrassed after saying that . 
 `` would n't that get you in trouble ? '' 
 julie could n't imagine lea sleeping in the park without been found out . 
 `` not if i sleep on the top of a tree . '' 
 `` you slept on the top of a tree ? '' 
 julie was amazed . 
 `` yeah , is actually easy for us to climb trees , so i climb close to the top and sleep on a branch or something that could actually hold me . '' 
 then , an idea came to lea . 
 `` hey , want me to take you to the top of one ? '' 
 lea believed that julie would like doing that . 
 `` when you say top , you mean the top of a tree , right ? '' 
 `` yeah , what do you think ? '' 
 `` are you sure about that ? 
 what if a branch breaks ? '' 
 `` do n't worry , i 'll be careful . '' 
 lea tried to assure julie , which actually worked . 
 `` um , okay . '' 
 `` great , come with me . '' 
 lea grabbed julie by the hand and they went to a nearby tree . 
 `` so , how are you going to climb this tree ? '' 
 `` oh , is actually simple , let 's just grab here first . '' 
 lea grabbed the trunk of the tree with her tail . 
 `` put your arms around my neck and hold tight . '' 
 julie did as she was told , and once she was secure , lea started to climb the tree . 
 sometimes , lea would grab a branch with her hands , and other times , she simply used her tail to find the irregularities on the tree trunk to climb up . 
 julie held on as told and she was amazed at what lea was doing . 
 julie 's house held different types of inter-species people , but julie had never seen a lamia climb a tree in that way . 
 then , julie noticed something else . 
 while grabbing lea 's neck and touching lea 's body with her own , julie realized that lea 's muscles were hard and strong . 
 that 's even more noticeable by how easy it was for lea to carry julie . 
 `` she 's amazing . '' 
 thought julie while lea was thinking about something else . 
 `` oh my god , i have never notice this before , but her skin is so soft , and she smells so nice . 
 to top it off , her chest is pressing on my back . '' 
 after those thoughts crossed lea 's mind , she shook them away and focused on climbing . 
 she was already getting close to the top , so any type of fall could be dangerous . 
 it did n't take long for lea to reach the top of the tree . 
 from the top of the tree , they could see the large park and cities from afar . 
 `` this is a great view . '' 
 said julie with wonder in her voice . 
 `` glad you like it . '' 
 said lea with a smile . 
 `` did you do this often ? '' 
 `` only when i had to sleep on a tree . '' 
 `` good thing you do n't have to do that anymore . '' 
 `` yup . '' 
 they stay quiet after that , enjoying the view from the top of the tree . 
 after a few minutes , they decided to climb back down . 
 after they get off the tree , they keep going through the park . 
 then , they decided to rest under the shade of a tree in a secluded area , sitting side by side . 
 `` coming to the park was a great idea . 
 i should come here more often . '' 
 said julie . 
 `` i 'm sure you would enjoy it . '' 
 said lea . 
 `` even more if you 're with me . '' 
 julie looked at lea and gave her a smile . 
 `` me ? '' 
 lea looked back at julie . 
 `` yeah , everything seems more fun with you around . 
 i might have gotten bored if i came here on my own . '' 
 that made lea smile . 
 `` okay , i 'll come with you whenever i can . '' 
 `` is a promise ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 lea emphasized her answer with a nod . 
 `` thank you , lea . '' 
 after that , they stayed quiet , enjoying the tranquility of the park , only hearing the rustling leaves and feeling the pleasant breeze . 
 after a few minutes , lea felt something on her left shoulder . 
 when she turned her head towards her left , she saw julie leaning on lea 's shoulder with her eyes close . 
 `` can i stay like this ? '' 
 lea could see that julie wanted to sleep . 
 lea thought that julie probably worked to the point of exhaustion . 
 `` of course . '' 
 lea was glad that julie had her eyes close because lea was blushing . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 it did n't take long for julie to fall asleep on lea 's shoulder . 
 while julie slept , lea 's heart started to beat faster , as if lea was sliding a marathon . 
 lea blamed it to the fact that no one had done that in a very long time . 
 either way , she liked that someone was showing how much they valued her , how much someone trusted her . 
 `` you 're my best friend . '' 
 said lea in a quiet voice , hoping not to wake julie up , but lea received an unexpected surprise . 
 `` and you 're mine . '' 
 julie 's words caused lea to go wide eyed . 
 lea and julie stayed sitting like that , no one was close to see the scene . 
 if anyone saw them like that , they would believe them to be more than just friends . 
 while julie was sleeping , lea started to look around the park , looking at the trees , the grass , the clouds , just to make time go by . 
 `` this feels great , hanging around with my new best friend , just enjoying life as it is . 
 i do n't remember feeling like this before . 
 i wish things would stay like this . '' 
 that last thought made lea start to realize something . 
 `` stay like this ? '' 
 then , lea looked at the sleeping form of julie . 
 `` would they stay like this , if julie loses her house ? 
 would she still be this cheerful person , always have this smile on her face ? 
 would she still be the same ? '' 
 it came to lea as simple as it could be . 
 if julie lost her house , lea would lose her friend in the depression . 
 after thinking that , lea subconsciously closed her right fist . 
 `` i do n't ' want that , i definitely do n't want that . 
 i 'll keep training my hardest , i 'll keep winning and i 'll save your house . 
 i promise , julie . '' 
 lea felt her determination grow even stronger than before , she felt she was ready for anything that came to her , and she would work hard and reach her goal . 
 somehow , lea 's spirit could be felt outside of her , because julie started to wake up . 
 `` good morning . '' 
 said julie while yawning , and after that , she rubbed her eyes . 
 `` um , i think it 's the afternoon . '' 
 said lea . 
 `` really , how long have i been sleeping ? '' 
 `` around an hour , i think . '' 
 `` whoa , i feel refreshed , are you sure it was just one hour ? '' 
 asked julie while stretching , which made her chest stand out , and it made lea blush . 
 `` well , i do n't have a watch , so i ca n't really tell . '' 
 it was even harder to tell for lea , since she was lost in her thoughts . 
 even more with the move that julie pulled . 
 `` you must be a living pillow . 
 i was very comfortable with you . '' 
 said julie with the same smile that she always gave to lea . 
 `` as long as you do n't drool on me . '' 
 joked lea with a smile , trying to put the nice view out of her mind . 
 `` i do n't drool , you meanie . '' 
 julie gave a playful pout on her face and lightly slapped lea 's shoulder . 
 lea snickered because of the response and soon enough , they both start laughing about it . 
 when the laughter went down , julie stood up , which made lea do the same , and they decided to keep going on their way . 
 after spending a few hours in the park , they decided to go and eat something at a nearby cafe . 
 they go in , went to the register , gave their orders , and just like before , julie wanted to pay for both of their meals . 
 julie used the excuse that she was the one who invited lea , and again , lea was n't in favor of it . 
 `` come on , julie , you did it last time , at least let me pay mine . '' 
 said lea with her wallet out . 
 `` it 's no problem , like i said - '' said julie , who also had her wallet out . 
 `` you invited me , i know . 
 just let me do this for you , you should let others help you every once in a while . 
 what kind of friend would i be if i do n't ? '' 
 lea 's eyes showed her eagerness to help , even if it was something small . 
 it touched julie to see lea like that , and decided to let it go . 
 `` okay okay , but just this once . '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 and so , lea paid for their meals , which it was n't too hard on lea 's budget because lea did n't order something big . 
 lea ordered a club sandwich with water , while julie ordered a salad with ice tea . 
 lea had the feeling that julie ordered something that was cheap . 
 however , she might be watching her diet like lea . 
 once they gave their orders , they found seats , sat down , and waited for their orders . 
 `` you know , next time , i 'll bring you to my house , i could cook something for you . '' 
 said julie . 
 `` you know how to cook ? 
 then , why do you eat outside ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` do n't get me wrong , i do n't mind cooking , but since we 're out and restaurants are close by , why not ? 
 it 's not like i do it every single day . '' 
 `` that 's true , who taught you how to cook ? '' 
 `` it was lucy , she 's been working in the house for a long time , and she decided to teach me . 
 ` just in case you go out into the world ' , it 's what she always said . '' 
 `` she must have been a good teacher . '' 
 `` she really is , kind but strict . '' 
 julie giggled a little at the memory . 
 `` what about you ? 
 do you know how to cook ? '' 
 lea turned her eyes away from julie . 
 `` well , you could say something , but not that much . '' 
 `` and how much is ` something ' ? '' 
 asked julie in suspicion . 
 `` i could make a sandwich , and cup noodles . '' 
 after hearing that , julie lifted an eyebrow . 
 `` you mean the ones that you just pour hot water into , right ? '' 
 `` yeah , do they count ? '' 
 lea hoped that they did . 
 `` not even a little . '' 
 lea dropped her head on the table in defeat . 
 `` figures . '' 
 `` hey , that 's okay , not everyone knows how to cook . 
 i did n't know how to cook before . '' 
 julie tried to cheer lea up because julie was the one who brought the subject . 
 `` i know . 
 i just do n't want to make you worry about me . '' 
 `` well , do you at least eat enough ? '' 
 that was the main thing that julie was worried about . 
 knowing that it was a question that lea could answer positively , and mostly to make julie stop worrying , lea lifted her head from the table and looked directly at julie 's eyes . 
 `` of course , no problem in that area . '' 
 `` that 's good , but none of that could compare to my cooking . '' 
 julie put a hand to her hip and pointed at herself with her thumb from the other hand . 
 it was hard for lea to take that pose seriously , since julie had a smile on her face , which brought a smile to lea 's face . 
 at that moment , their orders were ready and lea got up to get them . 
 after that , lea brought their food to their table , and they started to eat , starting small talk every once in a while . 
 it looked simple , but they were enjoying their time together . 
 when they were done with their food , they decided to call it a day , and julie drove lea back to the gym . 
 after they arrive , julie parked the car in front of the gym . 
 `` thanks for taking me with you . 
 i had a lot of fun . '' 
 said lea with a smile . 
 `` i should be thanking you , lea . 
 you made it way more fun than it would be all alone . '' 
 said julie with a smile . 
 `` anytime , julie . 
 see you next time . '' 
 lea was about to get out of julie 's car , but she was stopped by julie . 
 `` wait , i ca n't believe i forgot last time . '' 
 julie started to look into the car 's compartment and found a pen inside . 
 `` i want to give you my phone number , but i do n't see any piece of paper . '' 
 julie started to think , and suddenly , she looked at lea 's hand , which gave her an idea . 
 `` i know ! 
 can i have your hand , please ? '' 
 `` um , sure . '' 
 lea did as asked and gave her left hand to julie . 
 julie grabbed it and faced the palm towards her . 
 then , she started to write on it . 
 `` there we go , now you can call me any time you want . '' 
 julie wondered why she never gave her number in the first place . 
 lea looked at her palm and saw a phone number on it . 
 `` that 's my cellphone . 
 it should be easier to contact me with my cellphone than with the house 's phone . '' 
 `` thanks , i 'll put it on paper as soon as i can . '' 
 `` okay , have a good night , lea . '' 
 julie gave her farewells with a small wave of her hand . 
 `` you too . '' 
 lea got off the car and julie drove away . 
 lea slid into the gym , and when she got inside , she sensed someone to her left , and saw the usual trio , who had a face that lea could n't understand . 
 their faces were saying that they knew lea 's little secret , which lea did n't even know about . 
 `` so , how did it go ? '' 
 asked alinda , who was extremely eager to know details . 
 `` um , good ? '' 
 answered lea , who did n't like where it was going . 
 `` where did you go ? '' 
 asked salena . 
 `` to the park . '' 
 answered lea as if it was n't a big deal . 
 `` what did you do in the park ? '' 
 asked hilda with a smile that was saying ` something happened there ' . 
 `` we just hanged out . '' 
 answered lea . 
 `` it ca n't be that simple , you two must have done something in the park . '' 
 said alinda , as if she was accusing lea of hiding something . 
 `` well , we went around the park , i climb a tree with her , we went to eat something , and then she brought me back . '' 
 after hearing that , the trio got together in a circle , and started talking , not caring who might be listening . 
 even if the person they were talking about was right behind them . 
 `` that was a date . '' 
 said salena with a serious voice . 
 `` a romantic date . '' 
 said alinda with dreamy eyes . 
 `` definitely a date . '' 
 said hilda , but just to make it fun . 
 `` it was n't a date ! 
 we just hanged out and that 's all . '' 
 said lea and she started to head to her apartment , but alinda notice something on lea 's hand . 
 `` hey , what 's that in your hand ? '' 
 asked alinda as she pointed at the mentioned hand . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 lea turned her palm towards herself and saw julie 's number . 
 knowing what that would lead to , she decided to hide it from them . 
 lea put her hand to her right side , with the palm facing towards her . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 everyone could tell that lea was hiding something . 
 `` i definitely saw something there , what was it ? '' 
 alinda was getting eager to know , which made lea nervous . 
 `` n-nothing , really . '' 
 lea slowly continued to head towards her apartment . 
 `` grab her ! '' 
 after salena said that , the trio jumped on lea , who tried to slide away once she saw them . 
 she was n't fast enough and they brought her to the floor . 
 fortunately , it was n't a dangerous fall and they pinned her down . 
 hilda , who is the strongest of the group , tried to pry lea 's hand open , but lea would n't let it happen . 
 to avoid hurting her , hilda came up with a plan . 
 `` hey , tickle her . '' 
 said hilda , who sounded like she was having fun , and they start to tickle lea . 
 lea tried to resist , but it was too difficult for her and opened her palm without realizing it . 
 hilda took a good look at it and said . 
 `` it 's a phone number ! '' 
 after hearing that , alinda and salena stopped their attack . 
 `` nice , lea , you got yourself a girlfriend . '' 
 said salena , who felt proud of lea . 
 then , salena and alinda started to get off of lea . 
 `` she 's not my girlfriend , she 's my best friend . '' 
 said lea with more volume as she was getting up from the floor , trying to make them feel bad about it , but it did n't seem to work . 
 again , the trio got into a circle and started talking . 
 `` it 's kind of hard to believe , since she 's kind of quiet . '' 
 said alinda in disbelief . 
 `` yeah , but look at her , she got the body to turn eyes . '' 
 said salena . 
 `` she 's also nice , so she might have won her heart with that . '' 
 said hilda , and everyone agreed with her on that . 
 `` i wonder how far they have gone in their relationship . '' 
 asked alinda , who hoped that they went far . 
 getting tired of listening to that , lea started to slid to her apartment . 
 `` i 'm going now . '' 
 the trio could tell that lea was getting mad . 
 `` do n't be mad , lass , we 're just playing around . 
 personally , i 'm proud that you 've gotten so close to someone . '' 
 said hilda , who was been sincere about it . 
 `` as friends . '' 
 lea made her voice sound serious to make her point clear . 
 `` of course . '' 
 hilda complied , mostly to avoid lea getting angrier . 
 `` good , i 'm going to get a piece of paper to put her number in . '' 
 lea started to head to her apartment . 
 `` okay , lass , we 'll be here for one more hour before we prepare to leave . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 they were glad that lea was n't angry anymore . 
 once lea reached the stairs , the trio got in a circle and started a conversation again . 
 `` i wonder why lea is so dead set on them been friends ? 
 they sure do n't look like it . '' 
 said salena . 
 `` it 's like they are made for each other . '' 
 said alinda , who was confused about lea 's insistence . 
 `` what i think is either one of these two things . '' 
 said hilda while thinking seriously . 
 `` what are they ? '' 
 asked salena . 
 `` she either does n't want a relationship , or her skull is so thick that she does n't realize what 's going on . '' 
 after hearing that , everyone started to look at each other , and answered . 
 `` she 's thick . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` no doubt about it . '' 
 said salena . 
 `` you 're one to talk . '' 
 teased hilda , while been honest at the same time . 
 alinda knew what hilda was talking about and turned around , to avoid salena from seeing alinda 's blushing face . 
 `` i 'm not that thick . '' 
 said salena , even though she did n't know what was hilda talking about . 
 `` sure you are n't . '' 
 they continued their conversation for a few more minutes before they went back to their training . 
 julie arrived at her house without any trouble on the way . 
 she parked her car , and got into her house just in time to see lucy and nick walking across the living room . 
 lucy was heading to the kitchen while nick was heading to his office . 
 the living room was pretty much empty of people or kids , since it was already late . 
 they stopped in their tracks when they heard the door opening and saw julie walking in . 
 `` welcome back , julie . '' 
 said lucy with a smile . 
 `` how was your day ? '' 
 asked nick , who was also smiling . 
 `` it went well . '' 
 answered julie as she started to walk up to them . 
 `` that 's it ? '' 
 asked nick , who did n't believe that it was that simple . 
 `` yeah , we had fun in the park and then we went out to eat something . '' 
 `` i do n't think it was as simple as you make it sound . '' 
 said lucy , who was getting the feeling that julie might be hiding something . 
 `` well , she carried me to the top of a tree . '' 
 answered julie while thinking deeply . 
 `` to the top of a tree ? 
 well , lamias are half snake , so they are good at climbing , but how did she carry you ? '' 
 asked nick , who was curious to know how a lamia , like lea , could carry a female human . 
 `` i just grabbed her by the neck from behind and she started to climb up . '' 
 answered julie . 
 `` whoa , that must have been something to remember . '' 
 `` it really was . 
 lea sure is amazing . '' 
 said julie with amazement in her eyes and with a smile on her face . 
 `` what else did you do ? '' 
 asked lucy . 
 `` well , i actually slept on lea 's shoulder , which was a good nap . 
 after that , we continued on our way through the park , just talking and enjoying the place . '' 
 `` so , let me get this straight , you two go to a park , she carried you to the top of a tree , you slept on her shoulder , and then you two went out to eat . '' 
 said lucy in a manner that asked , ` am i correct ? ' 
 `` pretty much , yeah . '' 
 `` whoa , wait , i thought you were going to hang out with her , not going on a date . '' 
 said nick in surprised . 
 `` we did hang out , it was n't a date . '' 
 said julie . 
 `` come on , julie , we know what we 're talking about , it 's almost the same as when i met my late husband , may he rest in peace . '' 
 said lucy . 
 `` and when i met my ex-wife , who i thought was faithful . 
 fortunately , no kids with her , so no child support . '' 
 said nick as a joke , even if the part where his wife was unfaithful was true , but that was a long time ago . 
 `` oh my god , you two were young ?! '' 
 teased julie with fake surprise on her face . 
 `` funny , but seriously , no matter how you look at it , it sounds like a date . '' 
 `` he 's right , julie . 
 this might be the first time that you actually had this kind of relationship with anyone else . '' 
 said lucy . 
 `` we 're just friends , technically best friends , but that 's it , just friends . 
 besides , you know why i ca n't get in a relationship , i have to take care of this place , make sure the kids are alright , i ca n't go see her too many times . '' 
 said julie . 
 `` we know that you 're a busy person , but life is n't just about work , you know ? '' 
 said nick . 
 `` i know , but it 's not just my life , i have to make sure that their lives are as peaceful as possible . 
 i ca n't let them down , not after mataya entrusted them and the only home they know to me . '' 
 said julie with an iron will . 
 nick and lucy did n't know what to say about that because julie was right about it . 
 they did n't even know if they could go another year without having to sell the place . 
 they worried every single time they remembered about it , but nick and lucy worry about how julie seemed to throw her happiness away for the sake of the children . 
 `` it really pains me that i ca n't do anything else to make this more easy for you . '' 
 said nick , who clenched his fists out of frustration . 
 `` hey , do n't worry about it , once we make it out of this , we can take some days off . 
 maybe we can take the kids somewhere , like the zoo , or the aquarium . 
 you 'll see . 
 we 'll make it out of this . '' 
 answered julie with a smile , and after that , she started to ascend the stairs . 
 of course , nick and lucy knew that she was only trying to make them feel better . 
 once she was gone , lucy and nick started to talk about the conversation . 
 `` i wonder if she realized that she likes lea . 
 they seem to be closer than what she said . '' 
 said nick . 
 `` probably not , she seems to be distracted from that because of her responsibilities . '' 
 said lucy , who got a little sad by the mention of it . 
 `` maybe she 's clueless about it . '' 
 they both start to think about it . 
 `` what about lea ? '' 
 `` she seems to open up more with julie than with anyone else . '' 
 `` so does that mean ... ? '' 
 `` most likely , neither of them realizes that they both like each other , and more than just friends . '' 
 said nick , who could n't believe that they were that clueless . 
 `` i hope they can get their heads together and realize it soon . '' 
 `` kind of frustrating , is n't it ? '' 
 `` very , all we can do is just watch how far this will go . '' 
 `` hope it does n't take too long , who knows how long we 're going to be here by then . '' 
 `` then let 's do our best to make sure they both have the time for that . '' 
 `` all we can do anyways . '' 
 after that , they both left to go on their way , hoping that by then , julie will have someone to support her , in case she lost the only thing she had . 
 the next day at the gym , lea was doing her job by cleaning the windows , without any one realizing , that she was eagerly waiting for her time to train . 
 lea did n't have to wait long , because alonso ordered her to start training . 
 `` oye , chica , go get your gloves and get in the ring , we 're going to train . '' 
 said alonso as he headed to the ring . 
 `` okay ! '' 
 answered lea with great motivation in her voice , which surprised alonso . 
 `` what was all that about ? '' 
 alonso got in the ring , and lea quickly got in the ring as well . 
 `` okay , let 's start with some warm ups before we get to the real thing . '' 
 `` yeah ! '' 
 lea started to do some stretches , while alonso put the mitts on . 
 once lea was done stretching and doing some warm-ups , they start with the training . 
 `` get ready ! '' 
 `` got it ! '' 
 lea put up her defense and started to dodge the attacks from alonso , while returning punches , but those ones were different than before . 
 a right punch from lea sent alonso 's arm flying away from him . 
 `` que chin ... that was stronger than before . 
 is she improving fast or ... ? '' 
 another punch sent his other arm flying . 
 `` motivation ? 
 either way , i like it . '' 
 alonso threw other attacks for lea to dodge while hitting back . 
 `` keep it up , chica , it is n't over yet ! '' 
 they keep going , dodging , blocking , parrying , attacking , anything that would make lea a better fighter . 
 `` keep at it , chica , keep working hard , keep improving , and you will go farther than you have gone before . '' 
 chapter 9 : results lea kept training to improve her guard for a month , ready to fight in her next match . 
 the day of the match arrived , in which lea was going to fight . 
 alinda was also going to fight in the same day as lea , so everyone went to watch the both of them . 
 lea was going to fight first because she 's a 4-rounder . 
 everyone was just waiting with lea for her to be called . 
 once called , lea , fergus , and alonso started to head to the ring . 
 hilda and salena went to their seats , and alinda stayed in the locker room . 
 lea got into the arena and received a nice welcome , claps and cheers rained down from the audience . 
 lea responded with a shy wave of her hand , while keeping her eyes to the ground , still not used to the cheering and clapping . 
 lea 's opponent was already in the ring . 
 she was around the same height and weight as lea , with barely any hair on her head , but it looked to be of a dark color , either black or brown , freckles on her pale looking skin , and blue eyes . 
 lea 's opponent may look weak with the skin color , but she showed a well-trained body and a good face to go with it . 
 lea nervously started to climb into the ring , along with fergus and alonso . 
 `` coach , she looks scary . '' 
 said lea with a nervous voice . 
 `` i can see why , but looks are n't everything in boxing . 
 just remember everything that we did in training and everything should go just fine . '' 
 said alonso . 
 on the other corner , the opponent 's coach started to give advice to his boxer . 
 `` do n't let your guard down on this one . 
 she defeated valeria with a ko . 
 just attack from a distance and keep her away from you . '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 answered the boxer without changing her expression . 
 without wasting any more time , the announcer ordered for the seconds to leave the ring . 
 `` all right , chica , go get her ! '' 
 said alonso as he left the ring . 
 `` yeah ! '' 
 said lea , who was no longer nervous . 
 then , the bell ringed . 
 to start things up , lea put her peek-a-boo defense , a familiar stance to every boxer in the world . 
 `` now that 's a tough defense to crack , but i 'll bait her out of it . '' 
 thought lea 's opponent , who moved close enough to get into punching range , and immediately started throwing jabs at lea . 
 none of them do damage and lea was not opening the peek-a-boo . 
 `` damn it , open the fucking guard . '' 
 out of frustration , she threw a right punch at lea , but lea ducked the punch and rushed in , getting close enough to only throw compact punches . 
 lea landed a left punch on the opponent 's body , followed by a right punch to the opponent 's body , and ended with a left hook to the opponent 's head . 
 all of them were thrown so close and compact , that they went faster than normal . 
 lea 's opponent was strong enough to resist such a barrage of punches and tried to fight back . 
 she threw a right hook at lea 's head , and lea threw a right hook at the opponent 's head . 
 `` no matter , mine is going faster than hers . '' 
 what the opponent did n't notice , is that lea did n't drop her left arm , and blocked the opponent 's attack , while lea 's right hook landed cleanly on the opponent 's face . 
 whether it was because of confidence or bad habit , the opponent dropped her left arm as she was launching the punch , while lea never dropped it as she threw the hook . 
 `` shit , she 's pretty good . 
 that leaves me with no choice , but to use it . '' 
 while she still had consciousness , the opponent rushed in to grab lea in a clinch . 
 `` chica , she 's trying to clinch , punch her away from you ! '' 
 yelled alonso , and lea tried to follow alonso 's command . 
 unfortunately , lea was n't quick enough and she was about to be grabbed , but something else happened . 
 once the hands of her opponent were at the sides of lea 's head , the opponent used the left palm , which the referee could not see , and hit lea in the ear , causing lea to stop long enough for the opponent to grab properly . 
 alonso and fergus saw what happened from the corner and tried to protest about it . 
 `` hey , referee , she used a foul , a foul ! '' 
 yelled fergus , who tried to inform the referee , but he was n't heard and the referee proceeded to separate the fighters . 
 `` he obviously did n't see that , that girl does n't have any kind of respect for the sport , does n't have the looks of it anyway . '' 
 said alonso , who was angered by the dirty trick that the opponent used . 
 once the boxers were separated , the referee gave the okay to continue the fight . 
 that time , lea did n't bother to wait , she decided to charge in , noticing that her opponent needed time to recover from the previous attack . 
 `` i really do n't know how she did it , but i know that she hit me in the ear while trying to clinch . 
 the answer sounds simple to me . 
 i just have to keep hitting without giving her any chance to clinch . '' 
 thought lea . 
 she dodged and blocked all the attacks thrown at her . 
 she pressed forward , reached the opponent , and started another in-fight . 
 the opponent tried to attack first with a right hook , but lea parried with the left arm and landed a right hook . 
 then , lea landed a left uppercut to the opponent 's chin , followed by a right uppercut , and a left hook to the opponent 's head . 
 lea 's opponent fought back with a right uppercut , but it was stopped by lea 's left hand . 
 after that , lea fought back with a right uppercut to the opponent 's chin , making the opponent slide back . 
 in an attempt to survive the round , lea 's opponent decided to throw some jabs at lea , but they were quickly blocked and dodged by the peek-a-boo style . 
 with no other option , the opponent decided to close up and stay on the defensive . 
 it did n't stop lea , she simply rushed in and started a barrage of punches . 
 `` shit , shit , shit , her punches are really heavy . 
 i wo n't be able to defend for long . 
 i need to buy time . '' 
 thought the opponent , and decided to use another clinch . 
 alonso and fergus feared that she was going to hit the ear again . 
 `` cuidado , chica , she 's going to do it again ! '' 
 yelled alonso . 
 lea did n't need to be told twice , she started to throw short straight punches at her opponent 's face , keeping the opponent away from grabbing lea into a clinch . 
 the punches were small and quick but lacked any real power behind them . 
 either way , they were enough to push lea 's opponent back , stopping her clinching attempts . 
 the opponent moved back , trying to make distance to recover , but realized that she was close to the ropes . 
 with that advantage , lea decided to stop the opponent from running away anymore and charged in , attempting to start an in-fight on the ropes . 
 her opponent tried to stop lea with a left jab , but it was blocked and lea attacked it with a barrage of punches , leaving the opponent trapped . 
 a minute had passed , and it was easy to see that lea was the dominating boxer in the match , but the opponent refused to give up . 
 `` you little piece of shit , trying to make me look bad . '' 
 thought the opponent . 
 either out of desperation or rage , she attempted to fight back with a left to lea 's body , but it was blocked with the peek-a-boo . 
 lea retaliated by landing a right uppercut on the opponent 's chin . 
 the punch caused serious damage to the opponent , her tail started to wobble , but she managed to keep standing and decided to tighten her guard . 
 lea did n't pay attention to it and threw an endless barrage of punches at the opponent 's guard . 
 lea 's opponent was actually waiting for the inevitable hook , which came at the right time . 
 lea threw a right hook at the opponent 's head , trying to blow the guard away , but the opponent ducked the punch and grabbed lea in a clinch . 
 lea attempted to push the opponent away , but failed to do so and the referee separated them . 
 after separating them and making sure that they were ready to fight , the referee let the match continue . 
 with the new distance between each other , lea 's opponent left the ropes , and lea was quick to follow . 
 the opponent quickly circled around lea , making sure that the opponent 's back was facing the referee . 
 she managed to do so and attempted to grab lea in another clinch , adding a foul with it . 
 lea ducked the clinch and returned with a right uppercut to the opponent 's body . 
 the punch pushed the opponent away from lea . 
 while the opponent was groaning in pain , lea rushed in and landed a left uppercut on the opponent 's chin , forcing the opponent to back away . 
 with enough distance , lea threw a right straight at her opponent 's face , and the opponent attempted to fight back with a right straight of her own . 
 fortunately , the previous damage on the opponent 's body caused her punch to get slower , making lea 's punch the first one to land . 
 unable to take anymore , the opponent fell on her tail and the referee quickly got between them . 
 the referee ordered lea to the neutral corner , which lea did , and started to count on the opponent . 
 `` 1 ... 2 ... 3 '' the opponent was still sitting on her tail , but was visibly conscious . 
 `` 4 ... 5 ... 6 '' at the count of six , the opponent grabbed on the ropes and lifted herself up . 
 `` 7 ... 8 '' at the eight count , the opponent managed to stand up , but was unable to hide the damage done to her . 
 the referee checked on lea 's opponent and decided to let the fight continue . 
 at the signal , lea came out of the corner and headed straight to the opponent . 
 the opponent charged in out of desperation and started with a diagonal right uppercut . 
 lea dodged by weaving to the left and landed a left uppercut on the opponent 's liver . 
 the punch made the opponent go to the mat again . 
 the referee quickly ended the match because of the 2-knockdown rule . 
 in other words , in a 4-round match , if one of the boxers fell twice , it was considered a ko loss . 
 the referee pointed at lea with his hand and announced her as the winner . 
 after that , alonso and fergus got into the ring and started to head towards lea . 
 once they reached lea , alonso said . 
 `` so this are the results , you ended this fight on the first round , first half of it . 
 you seem to have gotten better at in-fighting . '' 
 alonso was happy to see that the training paid off . 
 `` yeah , as far as i know , i did n't get punched at all , excluding that hit to my ear . '' 
 said lea , who was glad that she did n't take any serious damage . 
 `` she was obviously using whatever she could use to win against you . 
 after all , you defeated someone who was getting ranked before you . 
 having that in mind , she did n't expect to beat you in a fair fight . 
 well , let 's go , fergus and i have to be prepared for alinda 's match . '' 
 `` oh , yeah , let 's go . '' 
 they all get down from the ring , but then , they 're stopped from moving by the audience . 
 the audience was cheering so much , that it stunned lea . 
 she never expected that kind of response . 
 `` that was a good one , specter ! '' 
 a person from the audience said while applauding . 
 `` i 'll go to another one of your matches ! '' 
 said another person . 
 `` that 's what i like to see , keep the ko 's coming ! '' 
 they continue on and on , which was a problem for lea because she did n't know what to do . 
 `` hey , what are you waiting for ? 
 respond to your fans . '' 
 said alonso , who was hiding his delight at knowing that lea was gaining fans . 
 `` oh , uh , okay . '' 
 said lea . 
 then , she responded by waving to the audience and saying her thanks for their support . 
 it was something that alonso was n't expecting . 
 he was expecting a fist in the air or a victory pose , but not something that shy from her . 
 the audience did n't seem to mind , so they kept cheering for her and hoped to see her again soon . 
 lea , alonso , and fergus reached the locker room that alinda was using and went in . 
 alinda herself was still warming up for her upcoming match , while waiting to be called . 
 hilda and salena were already in the room to keep alinda company . 
 the air around the room was very calm , not even the slightest feeling of pressure because alinda was already used to it . 
 when they saw lea and the seconds come in , they started to congratulate lea . 
 `` that was a great match you had there , she barely touched you . '' 
 said salena , who was amazed by lea 's new skills . 
 `` the coach 's training seems to have made you stronger than you already are . 
 not as strong as me though . '' 
 said hilda , who did n't want lea to let it get to her head . 
 `` i do n't think there 's anyone stronger than you out there . '' 
 said alinda while warming up . 
 everyone could agree with alinda in that matter . 
 in all of the fights they have seen , except lea , hilda seemed to have a very destructive punch . 
 that was more emphasized by the fact that hilda had also won all of her matches by way of ko , like lea . 
 `` who knows ? 
 maybe there 's someone out there who can be my match . '' 
 `` if that ever happens , i would pay anything to see her . '' 
 said salena , who was honest about it , but believed that hilda would win no matter what . 
 `` then you better start saving , lass . 
 one day , i 'm going to fight against the world champion , you 'll see . '' 
 said hilda . 
 `` how come you have n't fought the world champion yet ? 
 you have boxed longer than i have . '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` there are n't that many heavyweight boxers , so is difficult to find matches for hilda . '' 
 answered alonso with a serious voice . 
 `` is that why she has n't been able to get a championship belt ? '' 
 lea could just feel it . 
 she could feel that hilda was capable of becoming a world champion , if given the opportunity . 
 `` exactly , but we tend to find a decent amount of boxers , enough to rise in the national ranks . '' 
 `` i 'm actually very close to getting the national championship , so i 'm getting closer to my goal . 
 after that , i 'll rise in the ranks and become the new world champion . '' 
 said hilda with determination . 
 after hilda said that , a staff member asked alinda to be ready for her match and left . 
 `` well , we 'll take our seats , good luck with your match . '' 
 hilda said to alinda with a smile . 
 `` go get her , alinda . '' 
 cheered salena with a smile . 
 `` lea , go get checked up first . 
 if you 're not that injured , then you can head to your seat with the rest . '' 
 said alonso as he started to get his stuff ready for the match . 
 `` okay , good luck in your match , alinda . '' 
 said lea , who was confident that alinda would win without a problem . 
 `` thanks , everyone . '' 
 said alinda . 
 after alinda 's friends said what they needed to say , they left alinda with alonso and fergus . 
 after lea got checked up by the medic , who declared that lea was well , lea headed directly to her seat , which was right next to salena and hilda . 
 `` hey , lea , i see you are just fine , you got here pretty quickly . '' 
 said hilda , who was glad to see lea up and going . 
 `` yeah , i was n't hit seriously , so the medic said i should be just fine . '' 
 answered lea . 
 `` well , get ready , you 're about to see another interesting thing today . '' 
 informed hilda with a playful smile . 
 `` another ? 
 like in salena 's match ? 
 do n't tell me ... '' lea could imagine what hilda was talking about and started to look around the arena . 
 `` what interesting thing are you talking about ? '' 
 asked salena with a confused expression . 
 `` oh , nothing you should worry about . '' 
 answered hilda with that same smile . 
 `` uh , okay . '' 
 salena did n't get it and simply dropped the subject . 
 lea was having an idea of what hilda was talking about , but did n't know if it would be girls or man . 
 after the announcer informed about the next match , the boxers started to get into the arena . 
 when alinda came out , it happened just as lea believed , there was another fan group waiting to see alinda . 
 it was a little more different than with salena , there were more males in alinda 's fan group than with salena 's fan group . 
 `` salena may be considered the ` prince of the ring ' , but alinda is considered the ` princess of the ring ' , due to her more graceful style . 
 unlike salena 's style , in which she prefers to charge at her opponents . '' 
 hilda explained to lea . 
 `` so , does that bother salena ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` look for yourself . '' 
 hilda pointed at salena and lea looked at salena . 
 salena was just her normal self , she was n't showing any kind of annoyance or been disturbed . 
 salena noticed the stare and turned her head towards lea . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 salena turned her head to the other side , where she believed that lea was looking . 
 `` uh , nothing , nothing at all , i was just ... looking around , that 's all . '' 
 said lea . 
 `` well , the match is about to start . 
 so , let 's cheer for alinda . '' 
 said salena with the same cheerfulness that everyone knew . 
 `` oh , sure . '' 
 putting the matter of the fan group at the side , the match started with the ring of the bell , and both fighters put their fighting stances . 
 since alinda 's hair was too long to put in a simple bun , it was left in a ponytail . 
 her opponent started to throw punches at alinda , which were dodged without much problem . 
 just as hilda said , alinda 's movements were more graceful than the time that she fought lea . 
 alinda must have improved for that fight . 
 alinda was faster than her opponent and had the skill and technique to counter any attack that her opponent threw at her . 
 each counter thrown at her opponent was effective , and it made the opponent 's attacks slower . 
 alinda took the opportunity to attack with jabs . 
 the opponent tried to retaliate , but the damage was too much for her to move freely . 
 in the end , it led to another counter hitting her square in the face and putting her down on the mat . 
 the referee did n't needed to count , he immediately lifted his arms and crossed them , signaling the end of the match and announced alinda as the victor . 
 lea did n't notice it before , but on the trunks of alinda , was the logo of a store , which must be from her family . 
 `` so that 's how she advertises her family 's store . '' 
 the audience cheered for the outcome and for alinda . 
 after their matches , everyone left the arena , not seeing any point on watching the other matches . 
 once they grabbed their payment , they left the building and started to head home for the night . 
 `` you were really fast tonight . '' 
 said lea , who was amazed by alinda 's new speed . 
 `` that 's nothing , i 'm sure she can go faster than that . '' 
 said salena with pride in her voice . 
 `` is that true ? '' 
 `` yes , but i did n't needed to go that fast , just enough to see her movements and to use counters . '' 
 answered alinda in a manner as serene and regal as always , but happy to hear salena 's praise . 
 `` tonight was a good one . 
 all of our fighters won their matches , especially you lea . 
 i was waiting for you to win this match . '' 
 said alonso . 
 `` why ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` with this victory , i am completely certain that you 're ready to enter the tournament that will be held in two months . 
 winning this would not only give us money , but it will also give you a rank , even if it 's a low one . '' 
 `` that 's great , lea , you will start to get famous in no time if you win this . '' 
 said salena . 
 `` then again , it means that there will be a lot of strong opponents too . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` this brings back memories of the time i won the tournament . 
 i had fun in it . '' 
 said hilda with a smile on her face . 
 `` be prepared for your training , chica , because this tournament will be a tough one for you . '' 
 said alonso in a more serious way than normal . 
 `` i 'll do my best , coach . '' 
 said lea , which let everyone know that she was ready for anything . 
 `` then we are ready to enter , ` the rising seeds tournament ' . '' 
 after hearing the name , everyone got quiet , and alonso did n't expect that . 
 `` wait , rising seeds ? 
 is that really the name they used this time ? '' 
 asked alinda , who could n't believe that they would put something like that as a name . 
 `` well , they do n't have that many ideas for a name , so let 's just go with it . 
 besides , they are seeds that are rising in the country and all that . '' 
 said alonso , who was thankful that it was n't him who came up with the name . 
 `` i guess . '' 
 after that announcement and strange name , they all went to their respective homes . 
 the next week , after resting up from their previous matches , lea and her friends went on to do their own things . 
 lea was working in the gym as usual , her friends training in the gym , and alonso training the other boxers . 
 everything was going as normal , but salena decided to change that . 
 `` hey , lea , since you do n't have to do any serious training at the moment , why do n't you go and visit julie ? '' 
 asked salena . 
 `` i do n't know , i 'm actually busy right now . 
 i need to clean and maintain the gym . '' 
 answered lea , not to avoid julie , but because she was truly busy . 
 `` come on , you should be fair , she paid you a visit , so it 's your turn to pay her a visit . '' 
 `` she might be busy . 
 since , you know , she has to manage her house . '' 
 answered lea while working . 
 `` then call her , i 'm sure she will answer immediately if she knows it 's you . '' 
 `` what makes you say that ? '' 
 `` you 're friends . '' 
 `` well , yeah , but i do n't have any free days right now , i have stuff to do . '' 
 lea tried to put an end to the conversation , but something must be playing tricks on lea because alonso approached her after she said that . 
 `` oye , chica , i notice you have n't taken a day off since your fight , i 'll give you two days off . '' 
 said alonso with a business-like voice . 
 `` thanks ... coach . '' 
 answered lea in suspicion . 
 `` no problem , you need some rest every once in a while , but after that , is training and training . 
 so make the most of it . '' 
 after alonso said that , he left to train the other members . 
 lea turned towards salena with suspicion on her face . 
 `` did you have something to do with this ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` about that ? 
 you actually think i could do something like that ? '' 
 asked salena . 
 `` well ... if i think about it , i do n't really think so . '' 
 lea did n't want to add that she did n't think that salena was smart enough for something like that . 
 `` you see ? 
 now , want me to get you the phone ? '' 
 salena would be making small jumps out of eagerness , if it was n't for the lack of legs , but the tip of her tail was wagging . 
 `` wait , i need to prepare . '' 
 lea started to fix her hair . 
 `` to speak with julie ? '' 
 `` well , yeah , i do n't know what to say to her . 
 it would be the first time i give a phone call to a friend . '' 
 lea was nervous . 
 `` do n't worry , i 'm sure it 'll come to you when you get her on the phone , i 'll be right back . '' 
 salena started to slide away to get the phone . 
 `` wait , wait . '' 
 begged lea , but said it too late to stop salena . 
 that got the attention of alinda , who was close by . 
 `` hey , lea , what 's going on ? '' 
 asked alinda . 
 `` alinda , i 'm glad you got here , can you go and stop salena from calling julie ? '' 
 asked lea , who started to consider alinda a hero because she appeared at the right time . 
 `` why would she do that ? '' 
 `` she thinks i should go visit julie and wants me to call her , but i 'm just not ready yet , can you stop her ? '' 
 `` well , as your friend , i 'm going to help you out . '' 
 alinda started to head straight to salena , just as salena was heading towards lea . 
 `` thank you , i knew you were the most reasonable one . '' 
 alinda caught up to salena and it looked like they were having a conversation , but it was too far for lea to hear anything . 
 lea could see salena had a sad expression and alinda had a serious one . 
 after a few words , salena brightened up and started to dial a number , which was weird for lea . 
 the both of them started to slid towards lea , and when they got to her , salena presented the phone to lea . 
 `` here , is ringing . '' 
 said salena . 
 `` wait a minute . 
 i thought alinda was trying to talk you out of it . '' 
 said lea , who was confused . 
 `` she was ? 
 i just forgot that i did n't have the number , so i ask her what it was and she gave it to me . '' 
 `` alinda , you said you were going to help me ! '' 
 lea felt a little foolish . 
 she should have remembered that alinda liked that kind of things . 
 `` and i did , i ` helped ' you to go ` out ' with her . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` i 'm not ready , i 'm not ready ! '' 
 said lea , who started to panic , until she heard a voice at the other side of the phone . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 asked the voice , and lea quickly put the phone on her ear and answered . 
 `` h-hey , julie , h-how are you ? '' 
 `` hey , lea , i 'm doing great , even though i 'm working . 
 what about you ? '' 
 said julie , who was certainly happy to receive a call from lea . 
 `` i-i 'm doing well too , you know , working here and all , but still doing well . '' 
 `` that 's good to hear , so what 's up ? '' 
 `` well , i ... '' lea looked around , trying to find something to say , and her eyes fell on her friends , who were encouraging her to speak . 
 hilda returned from her roadwork and saw the group together . 
 she wondered what was going on and decided to find out . 
 `` hey , what are you guys doing ? '' 
 asked hilda . 
 `` shh , lea is on the phone . '' 
 answered alinda while paying close attention to the conversation . 
 `` with who ? '' 
 `` julie . '' 
 answered salena , who was also paying attention . 
 `` oh , how is it going ? '' 
 asked hilda , who joined in after hearing that answer . 
 `` they are still on the phone . '' 
 the trio decided to keep quiet , to hear as much as possible . 
 `` i was wondering if ... i could go and pay you a visit . '' 
 said lea , who was gathering as much courage as she could get to ask that question . 
 `` of course , just let me know when you 're coming so i can take the day off . '' 
 said julie , who would take any excuse to rest from all the paperwork . 
 `` g-great , yeah . 
 is it okay if i go tomorrow ? '' 
 lea was n't expecting it that easily , but she was happy for it . 
 `` sounds great , want me to pick you up ? '' 
 `` oh no , i can get there on my own , do n't worry about it . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 their called was interrupted by alonso . 
 `` oye , chica , i need you to clean something over here ! '' 
 yelled alonso . 
 `` okay ! 
 sorry , julie , i have to go . '' 
 said lea in a hurry , not wanting to make alonso mad . 
 `` no problem , see you tomorrow then . '' 
 answered julie . 
 `` yeah , take care . '' 
 `` you too , lea . '' 
 they hanged up the phone after that . 
 once lea put down the phone , she started to get the feeling that someone was watching her . 
 she looked to her left , and saw the trio , just standing there with a smile , which was disturbing for lea . 
 `` i 'm not going to like this . '' 
 said lea , who was just waiting for it . 
 `` you know , one of us can take you there , is bad manners to keep a lady waiting . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` i actually have the schedule of the bus . 
 i can tell when it 's going to arrive there . '' 
 answered lea . 
 `` come on , lass , you would waste time on the bus , you 're going to need it later on . '' 
 said hilda . 
 `` need it ? 
 for what ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` you know , maybe you can get out of the ` friends zone ' . '' 
 hilda wagged her eyebrows after she said that . 
 `` i ... do n't think i 'm following . '' 
 lea was getting more confused . 
 after hearing that , hilda let out a sigh and said . 
 `` what i 'm trying to say , in a subtle way , is that you get closer to julie , so that you can sleep with her . '' 
 hilda found it tiresome , but funny that lea was that clueless . 
 `` but ... i 'm not ... '' lea took a moment to think about what hilda was saying , and realized where the conversation was going . 
 `` oh , wait , what ? 
 no ! 
 we barely know each other , and i do n't see her that much , it takes a month or more before i speak to her . 
 besides , i like it this way . 
 i do n't even think i could go that far . '' 
 lea strongly argued . 
 `` come on , lass , you 're 20 . 
 as far as i know , a lot of people at your age tend to have done it already . '' 
 `` i 'm not them , and she 's not just anyone that i would have ` done it already ' with . '' 
 after hearing that , the trio got in a circle and started to have a conversation , not considering that lea was close enough to hear . 
 `` now that i think about it , julie might be the submissive type because she was such a gentle person . '' 
 said alinda with a serious voice . 
 `` no no , she is too energetic to be submissive . 
 she 's definitely more on the offensive . '' 
 said hilda , who could imagine how julie would be in a ` private ' moment . 
 `` what about a sadist ? 
 she looks playful enough for it . '' 
 alinda was hoping that it was n't the case . 
 `` wait , what are we talking about ? '' 
 asked salena in confusion . 
 not wanting to hear any more of their conversation , lea took her chance to leave . 
 `` this has gone to the gutter . 
 i 'm going back to work . '' 
 said lea , who slid away from them and continued with her work . 
 the next day , lea was on a bus stop that was close to the gym , wearing a long-sleeve red t-shirt with black cargo pants . 
 lea called julie to let her know that she would be arriving somewhere around eleven . 
 by then , julie was awake and had already taken breakfast , so all she needed to do , was to wait for lea . 
 it took lea around half an hour to arrive , which it could be worse . 
 it could have taken an hour to arrive at julie 's house . 
 the place was the same as always . 
 even with the debt , it did n't look like it would close at any moment . 
 lea slid to the door , got into the house , and saw nick reading a book on one of the couches in the living room . 
 nick was wearing a business suit , which lea did n't know for what , but believed his job to be the reason . 
 nick heard the door opening and turned his head towards the door . 
 nick turned at the right time to see lea coming in , which brought a smile to his face . 
 `` good day , lea , glad to see you 're doing well . '' 
 said nick . 
 `` hello , nick . '' 
 said lea , who was happy to see that nick was doing well . 
 `` i heard about you coming in today , so i was waiting for you . 
 julie is outside playing with some of the kids . '' 
 `` oh , i do n't want to interrupt . '' 
 `` do n't worry about it , just go and see her , i 'm sure the kids wo n't mind . 
 just go through the play room and you 'll reach the backyard . '' 
 nick pointed at the door between the stairs . 
 `` okay , thank you , nick . '' 
 `` no problem . '' 
 nick simply returned to his reading , while lea headed to the backyard . 
 once she got outside , she could see how big the backyard really was . 
 it was n't as big as a park , but it was big enough to have a playground , a good open area to play sports , maybe even throw a party . 
 it was surrounded with a wooden fence , as tall as lea was in human height . 
 there was also a pool , probably designed for the mermaids and merman that they have with them . 
 lea looked around , and she could see that many of the children were playing outside , some even playing with julie . 
 lea could see that julie was playing with some of the kids using a frisbee , chasing and catching the flying disc . 
 julie was wearing a white t-shirt with blue knee-length shorts and tennis shoes . 
 she also fixed her hair in a ponytail . 
 julie threw the frisbee towards lea 's direction and saw lea by chance . 
 julie told the kids that she would be back in a moment and ran towards lea . 
 `` lea , you 're here . 
 sorry i could n't receive you , i was playing with the kids today . '' 
 said julie with a smile . 
 `` oh no , do n't worry about it , it does n't bother me one bit . '' 
 said lea , who returned the smile with one of her own . 
 `` that 's great . '' 
 suddenly , julie started to make a face that lea knew well enough . 
 julie was having an idea , and one that she liked a lot . 
 `` hey , how about you play with us ? 
 i 'm sure the kids would like to meet you . '' 
 julie looked proud of herself , thinking that she came up with the best idea she had ever thought of . 
 `` uh , are you sure ? '' 
 lea was nervous about that , which julie could see . 
 `` yeah , do n't worry . 
 they 'll love to meet you . '' 
 julie grabbed lea 's hand and took lea to the kids . 
 the group that julie was playing with had kids of around 10 to 12 years old , all of different species , and they looked at lea with curious eyes . 
 `` everyone , i would like to officially introduce a friend of mine , lea . '' 
 after hearing the introduction , the kids greeted lea at the same time . 
 `` hello , lea . '' 
 the greeting made lea a little nervous , not knowing how to answer to kids . 
 `` h-hey , kids . '' 
 greeted lea with a small wave of her hand . 
 `` so , now that the introductions are over , how about we get back to playing ? '' 
 asked julie with a smile and the kids cheered for that , happy to know that they would keep playing . 
 `` are you going to play with us , miss lea ? '' 
 asked one of the kids , his eyes hoping for a yes . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 answered lea , and the kids cheered for that . 
 they all go to an empty part of the backyard to start playing with the frisbee . 
 `` are we playing something specific ? '' 
 lea asked to julie , wanting to know what game they were playing . 
 `` we were playing frisbee soccer , have you played it before ? '' 
 asked julie , who was ready to explain the rules if the answer was no . 
 `` yup . '' 
 `` that 's good , saves us time for explanations . 
 you can join the other team , so we can make it even . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 and so , lea 's team was playing against julie 's team . 
 both teams had a variety of inter-species teammates , making it quite an interesting game to watch . 
 they decided to let julie 's team start first . 
 julie started the game by throwing the frisbee to one of her teammates to the left of the field . 
 a young centaur girl caught the frisbee and quickly looked around for another teammate to pass it to , since the rules said that they had 10 seconds to throw the frisbee . 
 the girl quickly threw it to a free human boy , but did n't notice the goblin girl jumping and intercepting the frisbee . 
 goblins were believed to be grotesque , little demons that were not only greedy creatures , but very dangerous as well . 
 that , of course , was not entirely true . 
 they were pretty much normal , some were greedy , that was true , but any other race could say the same about themselves . 
 their height was half the human height , but they could come in different colors , sometimes green , other times they were brownish and so on . 
 they were believed to be hairless , but that was wrong too , they had hair like anyone else , and of different colors too . 
 another misleading belief was that they were n't bright creatures , but they were quite the opposite . 
 they were as bright as a human being . 
 some have made discoveries of their own . 
 for someone of their height , they could jump pretty high , around double their height , which was believed to be an evolution to reach places that they could n't reach by normal means . 
 that explained why the goblin girl managed to intercept the flying frisbee in mid-air . 
 the girl quickly threw the frisbee to one of her teammates , who was an arachne . 
 the teammate caught the frisbee then , she threw it to lea , who was close to the goal . 
 the frisbee was flying directly towards lea . 
 it was just a few feet away from her , but out of nowhere , it was intercepted by julie . 
 julie had to jump for the frisbee , but she landed on her feet . 
 once she regained her balance , she turned her head towards lea and gave her a playful wink . 
 then , julie threw the frisbee away from the goal and a male satyr caught the frisbee . 
 lea slid as fast as she could and tried to predict the direction that the satyr was going to throw it . 
 the satyr threw the frisbee towards the direction of lea 's goal , and was passed to a werewolf . 
 lea was faster than the throw and intercepted the frisbee . 
 lea used her quick boxing reflexes to quickly find a teammate and threw the frisbee away from her team 's goal . 
 the teammate caught the pass and threw it back to lea , who advanced to the goal as the frisbee was flying . 
 julie saw it coming and was heading to intercept the pass . 
 lea noticed that and slid towards the frisbee , trying to catch the frisbee before julie did . 
 lea may be a lamia , but julie seemed to be in good shape because they were at the same speed . 
 they were both very close to it , and julie decided to jump for it , but lea had the same idea and launched herself . 
 they both jumped at the same time , everything went in slow motion for those two . 
 their hands were getting closer and closer to the frisbee , but none of them caught it . 
 the wind had enough strength to make the frisbee go faster than normal and slipped away . 
 it was unfortunate for the two of them because julie could n't stop herself from the momentum , and it was also too late for lea to stop . 
 they crashed into each other and started to fall to the grass . 
 to prevent julie from getting hurt , lea hugged julie close to her as they kept going down . 
 lea fell on her back , which did n't hurt as much as she believed because of her trained body . 
 once lea recovered , she checked on julie . 
 `` julie , are you okay ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 julie sat up and shook her head for a little bit . 
 `` yeah , i 'm fine . 
 what about you ? '' 
 julie asked as she rubbed her head , before realizing their positions . 
 when julie sat up , she was sitting on lea 's waist in a straddling position with her hands on lea 's abdomen . 
 thankfully , the kids did n't know about it , but lea and julie were adults , which meant that they knew . 
 once they got their senses right , they quickly moved to stand up , with their faces bright red . 
 the kids went to check on lea and julie . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 one of the kids asked out of concern . 
 `` huh ? 
 y-yeah , we 're okay , nothing happened . 
 we just tripped on something . '' 
 answered julie , who tried to downplay the incident . 
 `` more like crash , you sure you two are okay ? '' 
 asked a more mature kid from the group . 
 `` yeah , yeah , we 're okay , right ? '' 
 asked julie as she turned towards lea , mostly looking for help at calming down the kids . 
 `` uh , yeah , it did n't hurt at all . 
 come on , we still have some time left to play . '' 
 said lea , which made the kids cheer and take their positions in the field . 
 and so , they kept playing until it was lunch time . 
 all the kids went to the cafeteria with lea and julie . 
 when they got inside , the kids started to take seats , while lea and julie look for their own . 
 while looking , julie freed her hair from the hairbands , no longer needing them . 
 julie found the perfect table for them , and gently pulled lea to it . 
 the table was n't that far and they reached the table . 
 `` hey , lea , do you remember this table ? '' 
 asked julie , who had a gentle smile on her face . 
 lea looked at the mentioned table in curiosity , and she remembered instantly . 
 that was the table that they both shared on their first breakfast together . 
 lea slid to it and put her hands on it , a smile starting to appear on her face . 
 `` y-yeah , this is where we ate breakfast for the first time . '' 
 answered lea . 
 `` you remembered . '' 
 said julie , whose smile brightened even more . 
 `` of course i would . 
 i could never forget it . '' 
 `` well , take a seat while i go and prepare something to eat . '' 
 `` you 're going to cook ? '' 
 that was a little surprising for lea . 
 `` yeah , i said i would do it when you paid a visit , so i 'm going to cook for us . '' 
 `` is n't the kitchen busy right now ? '' 
 `` not really , they tend to have the food ready 10 to 20 minutes beforehand . '' 
 `` oh , okay , do you need help with something ? '' 
 `` do n't worry about it , just sit down and relax . 
 it wo n't take long . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 lea took her seat , while julie went to the kitchen . 
 while on her seat , lea was looking at julie going to the kitchen , then she started to look around the cafeteria . 
 `` it has n't changed that much since the first time i came here . '' 
 while looking around , she started to feel someone pulling her t-shirt and turned her head towards the person . 
 lea looked towards her right side , and down , to find a young arachne looking up at lea . 
 the arachne had flowing shoulder-length light brown hair , fair white skin , and blue eyes . 
 her spider half was brown colored , very much like her hair . 
 arachnes were half-human , half-spider , that could be taller than a human being , because of their 4 pairs of spider legs . 
 from the waist down , was the thorax , and after that , the abdomen . 
 even though arachnes were half-spider , they did n't possess any poison , but they still maintained the ability to shoot web . 
 they also possessed six eyes , including the main eyes , which are more human-like than the rest . 
 the four smaller eyes were compound eyes and were found in the area of the forehead . 
 unfortunately , they did n't have any special function . 
 they were pretty much the same as the main eyes , which gave them a wider range of vision . 
 adding to it , they also had the ability to sense vibrations more easily with their threads and body . 
 they were believed to be either infernal monsters or women cursed by demons or gods , which was wrong , like any other inter-species people . 
 they may cause fear easily with their half-spider or with their legends , but they were respected as skillful weavers , capable of making clothes with their silk , which was very durable and valuable . 
 the little arachne kept looking up at lea with innocent-looking eyes . 
 `` um , hello there ... '' lea greeted nervously , especially since she did n't know the little girl 's name . 
 `` jenny . '' 
 said the arachne with a straight face . 
 `` nice to meet you , jenny . 
 i 'm lea . '' 
 lea tried to be friendly . 
 `` i know . '' 
 responded jenny with the same face . 
 `` you know ? '' 
 `` yes , julie likes to talk about you . '' 
 `` oh , she does ? '' 
 `` yeah , you 're the one that makes her happy , who can actually make her very happy . '' 
 `` w-what do you mean by that ? '' 
 lea was feeling a little embarrassed from receiving compliments from a kid . 
 `` julie does n't show it , but she 's actually sad . '' 
 after mentioning that , jenny 's face turned into a sad one . 
 jenny tried to hide it , not liking to show her sad face , and decided to look at the floor . 
 `` sad ? 
 why would she be sad ? '' 
 `` because she might lose her house . '' 
 that surprised lea because she thought that no one knew about it . 
 `` w-what makes you say that ? 
 she 's not going to lose it . '' 
 `` she always smiles to us , but is not the same smile that she gives when you 're around . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 lea turned her head away from he girl to look at the kitchen area , seeing julie working in their food with the usual smile that she always had . 
 `` i do n't want to lose the only place that is home . '' 
 lea turned her head towards the girl and they went silent for a moment , while lea was trying to find words to say . 
 `` are you new here ? '' 
 `` i was in other places like this one , but they were n't home , they never felt this warm . 
 no one in those places really cared about us , but julie actually likes us . '' 
 `` what happened to ... your parents ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , i was abandoned and they never came back for me . 
 that 's all i know . 
 julie is the only one who has been nice to me , to everyone . '' 
 `` she 's a nice person . '' 
 said lea with a smile . 
 `` and it 's going to come to an end , but i will try to enjoy the most of it . '' 
 said jenny in a way that was too mature for her age . 
 then , she started to get shy , grabbed something that was lying on her abdomen , and showed it to lea . 
 `` here , this is for you . '' 
 said jenny , showing a white scarf to lea . 
 `` for me ? '' 
 `` yeah , i heard that you were a lamia , so i made you a scarf for when it gets too cold . 
 i do n't know how to make anything else right now . 
 i hope you like it . '' 
 lea grabbed the scarf and looked at it . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 it was the only thing that lea could say at the moment , too touched to find words . 
 after hearing that , jenny lifted her eyes from the floor and looked at lea with a small smile , happy that lea liked it . 
 `` you 're welcome . 
 i hope to see you again , bye bye . '' 
 after jenny said that , she left lea . 
 lea was left there , just looking at the scarf . 
 she was so focused on it , that she did n't notice julie arrive with their meal . 
 `` hey , lea , i hope i did n't keep you waiting for too long . 
 lea ? '' 
 said julie , who started to wonder what was wrong with lea . 
 `` lea ? '' 
 lea responded after that . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` is something wrong ? '' 
 `` uh , no , nothing at all . '' 
 lea still had the scarf in her hands and julie noticed it . 
 `` is that yours ? '' 
 julie pointed towards lea 's scarf . 
 `` oh , yeah , one of the kids gave it to me as a gift . '' 
 `` that 's really cute of them , i bet it was one of the arachne children , they like to make clothing around here . '' 
 julie felt proud of their skills and thankful for their help . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 lea did n't know what else to say . 
 `` well , we better get eating while the food is still warm . 
 eat and be amazed at my awesome cooking skills . '' 
 said julie with a playful smile . 
 after that , they start to enjoy their meals and get into small talk . 
 throughout the whole meal , lea had the scarf close to her , never leaving her side . 
 the day went by quickly for the both of them and it was time for lea to go back home . 
 they were both out on the front door . 
 `` thanks for coming over . 
 it was a lot of fun . '' 
 said julie , who had the same smile that lea always saw . 
 `` no problem , i had fun too . '' 
 said lea , who gave julie a calm smile . 
 `` you sure you do n't want me to take you back ? '' 
 it was getting a little dark in julie 's opinion . 
 `` yeah , do n't worry . '' 
 `` okay ... well , take care of yourself , okay ? '' 
 `` yeah , you too , julie . '' 
 after saying that , julie grabbed lea in a hug , leaving lea a little stunned . 
 julie ended the hug and walked back to the door . 
 `` come back anytime . '' 
 `` y-yeah , i will . '' 
 julie gave lea one final smile and went into the house . 
 lea started to slide back to the bus stop . 
 while on the way , she stopped and looked at the house , where they started to turn the lights on . 
 lea turned away and looked at the ground , clenching her fists and closing her eyes in shame . 
 `` i 'm sorry , julie . 
 i was fighting to save your house , but now i realize it . 
 i barely put the kids in my mind , it was mostly you . 
 i just wanted to make you happy , barely giving the kids any thought . 
 i was been inconsiderate . '' 
 then , the wind blew towards lea 's direction , and lea lifted her arm to block the wind from her face . 
 lea remembered the scarf that she put around her neck , she remembered the little girl giving it to her , and she remembered the kids that she played with . 
 `` it will be different , julie . 
 i 'm going to fight , not only for you , but for them as well . '' 
 with that in mind , lea lifted her head and moved forward , with new resolve in her mind and in her heart that was even stronger than before . 
 chapter 10 : the worst match up lea arrived back to the gym after visiting julie 's house . 
 the gym was nearly quiet , except for the few boxers that were still practicing . 
 lea went inside and started to head towards her apartment , when alonso called for her . 
 `` oye , chica , can you come to my office ? 
 there 's something i need to talk with you . '' 
 said alonso with a serious voice . 
 he was standing in the ring . 
 `` yeah , sure . '' 
 answered lea , who started to wonder if it was good or bad news . 
 `` then , follow me . '' 
 alonso started to head to the office and lea started to follow him . 
 they both get to the office 's door and alonso went in first , followed by lea . 
 alfred was already in the office , sitting in one of the sofas . 
 `` take a seat , lea , we have to discuss about the upcoming tournament . '' 
 lea took a seat in one of the sofas . 
 alonso 's office was close to middle size . 
 it had the desk to the left side of the door , with a cabinet in the corner to the left of the desk , covering almost half of the wall . 
 the cabinet was filled with video tapes of old boxing matches and dvd discs about newer ones . 
 on the opposite corner , there was a smaller cabinet , filled with documents , containing information on boxers , contracts , and so on . 
 in the middle of the room , there were two sofas , one of them was been used by lea . 
 between those two sofas was a coffee table . 
 on the wall to the right of the door , there was a plasma tv on the wall , which was big enough to cover most of the wall . 
 once everyone was comfortable , the air got tense , indicating the seriousness of the situation . 
 alonso was the one who started the discussion . 
 `` now , we 've found out about your first opponent in the tournament . '' 
 `` you have ? '' 
 asked lea , who started to wonder about her next opponent . 
 `` well , alfred is the one who actually found out about her . '' 
 alfred took that as his call to start . 
 `` her name is luisa sanchez , a mexican boxer with 2 victories by means of ko and 1 draw . '' 
 said alfred . 
 `` that does n't sound bad , she 's almost like me . '' 
 said lea . 
 `` that 's what i thought at first , i was just planning on giving you more basic training as if it was any other boxer . 
 all of that changed once i saw her matches . '' 
 said alonso , whose face started to get even more serious . 
 `` is she that good ? '' 
 lea did n't like where it was gong . 
 `` it would be best that you see it for yourself . '' 
 alonso pulled out a tv remote and turned on the tv . 
 lea turned her head towards it and saw the start of a match . 
 on one corner came a lamia with moderate brown skin color , hair of the deepest brunette in a cropped hairstyle , and dark brown eyes . 
 `` that lamia is your next opponent , luisa . '' 
 alonso informed lea as the mentioned boxer was shown on tv . 
 luisa was fighting an african-american lamia , whose hair was in many small braided tails . 
 the opponent was moving forward with a low stance , a sign of someone who is an in-fighter . 
 luisa did n't seem bothered and kept moving forward , while her opponent charged in . 
 luisa did n't put up a guard , but instead , lowered her stance , and put her arms to the sides . 
 her opponent knew the brawling stance , but did n't care . 
 for luisa 's opponent , it was a good opportunity to attack luisa , who had no guard . 
 to start , luisa 's opponent threw a right jab , and luisa responded by throwing a left punch . 
 that made it into a simultaneous exchange , both punches landing on their targets . 
 the one who actually came out as the winner of the exchange , was luisa , while the opponent staggered . 
 luisa took the opportunity to rush in and threw a right punch at the opponent 's face . 
 the opponent slipped under the arm and landed a left hook on luisa 's liver . 
 the opponent thought that she landed a great punch on luisa and was ready to continue the attack , but things did n't go that way . 
 luisa did n't stagger or got stunned , she resisted the punch and threw a left hook at the opponent 's head . 
 the opponent was n't prepared for it and took the hit . 
 the punch turned the opponent 's head to the side , and something went flying . 
 once the item landed outside of the ring , a person in the audience noticed it and let everyone know what it was . 
 the item that was sent flying , was the opponent 's mouthpiece . 
 the opponent fell face down to the mat and the referee quickly got between them . 
 the referee sent luisa to a neutral corner and proceeded to check on the downed boxer . 
 the referee took less than 2 seconds to announce the fight over and declared luisa the winner . 
 the match did n't even last a full minute before it was over , leaving lea speechless . 
 `` i was just like that when i saw this match of hers . 
 i could n't believe that she resisted a punch like that , threw another punch , and with enough strength to ko a boxer . '' 
 said alonso . 
 `` is that why you are worried ? 
 i must admit , i 'm surprised to see such a quick ko . '' 
 answered lea . 
 `` that 's not surprising to me . 
 most mexican boxers prefer to slug it out . 
 that 's how many of us became famous . 
 take a look at this next one . '' 
 alonso grabbed another dvd and alfred got up to grab it . 
 alfred took the other dvd out and put the new one in . 
 alonso played it and the tv showed another match with luisa in it . 
 at that time , she was fighting against a white lamia with milk chocolate brown hair , who was another in-fighter . 
 the same happened in that fight , luisa moved out of her corner to set up her brawling stance , while her opponent charged in . 
 the opponent was quicker than the previous one and more alert to the situation . 
 the opponent tried things out with a jab , which luisa ducked . 
 the opponent threw another jab , but luisa dodge it by moving her head to the left . 
 luisa threw a right punch , which the opponent dodged by moving the head to the left and countering with a right straight to luisa 's face . 
 luisa took the punch , and the opponent believed to have caused serious damage , just like lea believed . 
 `` this is bad . 
 she 's going to be in trouble . '' 
 said lea , who did n't know it , but she was far from the truth . 
 luisa did n't back away , nor did she falter , she simply thew a left hook at the opponent 's liver . 
 the opponent did n't expect that and took the punch . 
 the punch caused tremendous pain to the opponent , who quickly fell to the mat . 
 the referee got between them and ordered luisa to a neutral corner . 
 the referee checked on luisa 's opponent and did n't even take a moment , before he started to signal the end of the match . 
 lea was more than speechless . 
 she had a hard time believing that luisa took a counter to the face and kept going . 
 `` good balance , insane punching power , and incredible toughness . 
 she might be a brawler , the most brutal of the styles and slower ones , but she 's damn good at what she does . '' 
 said alonso . 
 `` b-but how can she take such punches and keep fighting like it was nothing ? 
 i know that brawlers are resilient , but this is just insane . '' 
 said lea , and she turned her head towards alonso , who could see the incredulous look on lea 's face . 
 `` it could be the tail and the muscles of the neck , which give her tremendous resilience and endurance . '' 
 `` wait , what about her draw ? 
 maybe there are some clues on how to defeat her . '' 
 `` unfortunately , we did n't find the video of the match , but we found one thing about it . 
 luisa was fighting an out-boxer , who 's the worst match up against her . '' 
 `` what do you mean by ` match up ' ? '' 
 `` well , in the boxing world , there 's this triangle about boxing styles , kind of like rock-paper-scissor . 
 out-boxers beat brawlers , in-fighters beat out-boxers , and brawlers beat in-fighters . '' 
 `` brawlers beat in-fighters ? 
 so that means ... '' lea started to drop her gaze to the table . 
 `` unfortunately , she 's your worst match up . 
 since in-fighters need to be close , the brawler does n't have to chase the opponent because the in-fighter is already doing them the favor . 
 also , brawlers have more amounts of toughness and punching power than in-fighters . '' 
 `` then , can i actually beat her ? '' 
 lea looked at alonso and showed the worry in her eyes . 
 `` that 's just a belief . 
 it does give her an advantage , but not the victory . 
 the fact is that it takes skill and experience to win a victory . 
 i hope you enjoyed your day off because tomorrow you 're going to start training again . '' 
 lea 's mood lifted after hearing that . 
 alonso got up and started to leave the office , but stopped at the door and turned towards lea . 
 `` this fight might be your most difficult one . 
 it is times like this that you might need to think of something to win . 
 i can train you , but the rest will be up to you , are you ready for this ? '' 
 lea dropped her head and looked at the table again , but that time , she found the determination to face the challenge ahead . 
 `` yes , i wo n't lose . 
 i ca n't lose at this point . '' 
 `` good , then rest up because you have a long day tomorrow . '' 
 `` yes , coach . '' 
 after lea said that , alonso and alfred took their leave . 
 it did n't take long for lea to get up from the sofa and turned the tv off . 
 then , she headed to her apartment to call it a night . 
 the light posts in the street were starting to light up , illuminating the dark streets of the neighborhood . 
 a lamia was parking her car in front of an apartment building . 
 the lamia got out of the car , put the alarm , and slid towards her home . 
 eventually , she reached her home , or to be more specific , her apartment , and entered . 
 the apartment had a living room , with a sofa that could turn into a bed located in the middle . 
 in front of the sofa was a tv on top of a cabinet , and to the left was a lamp table . 
 on the left of the living room , was the kitchen , equipped with a stove , refrigerator , and a table with chairs . 
 on the far left corner was a hallway . 
 at the end of the hallway , was the bedroom . 
 inside the hallway , there was the bathroom located it to the right and a closet located to the left . 
 it could n't be helped because her work did n't pay enough for a two-bedroom apartment , but it was enough to make life manageable . 
 once inside the apartment , the lamia was greeted by a harpy . 
 harpies were believed to be ugly monsters that were spawns from hell itself , or monsters that would bring misfortune , or steal food . 
 they were actually confused with sirens , who could hypnotize seamen with their songs . 
 that was mostly a story , since harpies could n't do that . 
 they were actually very human-looking , except for the wings instead of arms and the legs , which were bird legs . 
 the bird part of the leg started from mid-thigh , while the bird part of the arm started from mid-bicep . 
 other than that , they did n't have anything else that would label them as `` ugly monsters '' . 
 they were actually praised because of their flying capabilities and their feathers . 
 in ancient times , nobles captured them to acquire the feathers and use the harpies as slaves . 
 since they were half-bird , they were n't very heavy . 
 otherwise , they would n't be able to fly . 
 the arm length was the same as a human , but the feathers made them look longer . 
 their feet had talons , so they were prohibited to use them as weapons because they were sharp enough to cut . 
 the lack of hands did n't made their life that difficult . 
 they had a kind of thumb that helped them grab certain things , like forks or other small things , but they would have trouble holding bigger things on each ` hand ' . 
 in modern times , they mostly work on areas where they are required to carry certain things and deliver them , since they could fly . 
 they also hold other types of jobs , but they were more prominent in delivery . 
 `` oh , luisa , your back . '' 
 said the harpy with a delighted smile . 
 she was a young harpy with orange hair in a small ponytail , olive skin , and brown eyes . 
 `` hey , jacey , how did it go today ? '' 
 said luisa , who returned jacey 's smile with a polite one . 
 `` everything went well . 
 she just wanted to see you before going to sleep . '' 
 jacey considered it a little unfortunate , but at the very least , luisa was back from work . 
 `` then it 's a good thing that i 'm off tomorrow , so we can spend the day together . '' 
 `` i 'm sure she 'll love that . '' 
 jacey smiled with motherly affection , knowing that the girl would be happy about it . 
 `` well , i got to go . '' 
 `` oh yeah , here 's your pay for today . '' 
 luisa took out money to give it to jacey . 
 `` thanks , call me if you need me to take care of her , is never a problem for me . '' 
 said jacey with sincerity in her voice . 
 `` i know , have a good night . '' 
 luisa was glad that she found such a good babysitter . 
 `` good night . '' 
 jacey took her leave and went home , which was in the same apartment building as luisa . 
 jacey was still too young to get a job , so to make some money , she decided to babysit . 
 luisa left her stuff in the closet and headed to the bedroom . 
 she opened the door slowly , trying not to wake the girl up . 
 unfortunately , the girl woke up and lifted her little head from her pillow . 
 `` mommy ? '' 
 said the little girl half asleep while rubbing her eyes . 
 she had long , flowing white hair , green with gray eyes , and fair white skin . 
 `` hola , mija . '' 
 answered luisa with a smile , and the little girl sat on her bed . 
 `` mommy , you came back . '' 
 said the little girl with a bright smile , who was now awake , and luisa went to sit on the bed with the child . 
 `` yeah , how was your day ? 
 did you have fun at school ? '' 
 `` yup , we learned some math stuff that was kind of easy , and i played volleyball too . '' 
 `` that 's great . 
 did you have fun with jacey ? '' 
 luisa could guess the answer because she knew that they got along very well . 
 `` oh yeah , i always have fun with jacey , she even helped me with my homework . '' 
 the little girl started to yawn as she finished saying that . 
 `` i 'm glad you had fun , but it 's time to go to sleep . '' 
 the little girl lied down on her bed and luisa covered the little girl with the blankets . 
 once luisa was sure that the girl was covered properly , luisa got up and headed to the door . 
 `` are you working tomorrow ? '' 
 the girl was barely awake . 
 `` yeah , but for a little bit . 
 i 'll be at your school to pick you up and we can spend the day together . '' 
 `` okay ... good night , mommy . '' 
 the girl closed her eyes and went to dream land . 
 `` good night , milagros . '' 
 luisa got out of the room and closed the door . 
 before going to sleep , luisa took a shower and changed into a more comfortable change of clothing . 
 she found something to eat in the fridge , which was something done by jacey . 
 luisa had some ` skill ' in cooking , which was at least edible . 
 fortunately , jacey knew how to cook , so her food was much better than luisa . 
 luisa grabbed it and put it in the microwave . 
 once it was done , she ate it , cleaned the dishes , brushed her teeth , and went to the couch . 
 luisa gave the bedroom to milagros because luisa wanted milagros to be as comfortable as possible . 
 instead of lying down on the bed , she sat on it and just stayed there for a few moments . 
 then , she lifted her hands and put them on her face , trying to hold herself together . 
 unfortunately , she could n't contain it any longer , and she started to cry , barely holding a sob . 
 `` it hurts ... it really hurts ... how can you keep calling me ` mommy ' ? 
 how can you keep looking at me as your mother ? 
 how can you love me ? 
 your parents ... if only you knew . 
 it was me ... if only you knew ... it was me who killed them . '' 
 before luisa arrived to the us , she lived in her home country , mexico . 
 she did n't live there as a normal citizen , she was rich , but not because of family or hard work . 
 luisa belonged to a criminal organization that was well known throughout mexico as the most dangerous in the country . 
 she was the killer of the group , she would go and look for the targets that the boss of the organization gave her and kill them , but she did n't do it with weapons or ` accidents ' . 
 instead , she preferred to do it with her bare hands , always saying that she enjoyed the feeling of crushed bones and spilled blood on her hands . 
 except for the organization , no one knew how she looked . 
 the only thing that was known about luisa , was that she was a lamia because she left snake trails . 
 no one knew how she looked because she disguised herself and never left witnesses alive . 
 luisa never knew her parents , she was abandoned at an orphanage , but she was treated poorly and escaped into the streets . 
 it was a rough life , especially for someone who was only 6 years old , where the strong live and the weak were devoured . 
 she lived a life full of battles for survival . 
 at least she got something out of the orphanage . 
 she learned the basics to survive , like reading and writing . 
 at 12 , she joined a gang on the streets that terrorized the city , but she never took drugs , saying that it would cloud her senses when she needed them . 
 her infamy increased and got the attention of a criminal group , she was 15 at the time . 
 she joined the group and became their killer . 
 after a while , she gained the infamous name of ` el puño de satanas ' , meaning ` the fist of satan ' . 
 over the years , along with the organization , she kept killing and spilling a river of blood , making her one of the most wanted criminals in the country . 
 so dangerous and infamous , that her bounty had become ` dead or alive ' type , giving a reward of $ 1 billion if caught alive , $ 800 million if dead . 
 luisa lived like that , until that fated night . 
 she was ordered to kill an agent , who was getting too close in finding the boss of luisa 's organization . 
 also , she was ordered to kill the agent 's family because luisa 's boss wanted to send a message . 
 luisa did n't question , she was waiting to feel blood again . 
 luisa always went alone , not wanting anyone to take away her fun . 
 whether it was from overconfidence or poor leadership , luisa did n't find any kind of security around the house . 
 luisa went in without a problem and started searching for the targets , but it seemed that luisa was n't stealthy enough because she was found out by the agent . 
 the boss did n't know the identity of the agent , but luisa discovered who it was . 
 he was a human agent , easy to see that he was someone with years of experience , which made that mission more fun for luisa . 
 they battled , the agent showing his abilities at fighting lamias , but luisa used a distraction to take him to the ground and started pounding him to death . 
 once she was done , she started to look for anyone else in the house , and they seemed to know how to hide . 
 tired of looking , she decided to set the house on fire , the cops would n't show up until it was too late . 
 they were paid to do that after all . 
 luisa pulled out a molotov cocktail that she was carrying with her and a lighter . 
 she started the lighter , but before she ignited the molotov , she noticed a door that she missed in her impatience . 
 she was n't given the chance to check because she was attacked by a screaming woman with a knife aimed at luisa 's gut . 
 the woman missed and luisa dropped the lighter to punch the woman in the face , making her fall to the floor . 
 the woman looked at luisa and turned out to be a yuki-onna , or a ` snow woman ' . 
 their name of origin was yuki-onna in japan , but outside , they are simply called ` snow woman ' because that was what basically meant . 
 they were believed to be spirits of dead woman that were killed in snowstorms , making them evil or good nature spirits with the ability to turn into mist and freeze their victims . 
 they had none of those abilities , but they did have the tremendous resistance against cold weathers , to the point of walking in the middle of a snowstorm and live . 
 their appearance was of a woman with white hair , pale blue skin , and blue eyes . 
 some believed the hair to be a type of camouflage for the environment , and the blue because of their natural resistance of cold temperatures . 
 in truth , they were pretty normal people , some were nice , helping lost travelers get out of the cold storms , but others were more evil , who decided to have fun by killing them . 
 humanity had the tendency to remember more the bad than the good , so they did n't want to know anything about the yuki-onna . 
 not all humans decided to cut everything with them , some eventually found the yuki-onna 's settlements and lived there . 
 in modern times , they have spread out , but many preferred to be in cold places , since they are n't very resistant against the heat . 
 luisa was now sliding to her next victim , but she got a surprise from the woman . 
 instead of trying to run away , the woman attacked by launching herself and slamming into luisa . 
 that made luisa drop the molotov , and she was pushed to the wall . 
 the woman was pushed away easily , and she was punched in the face , which made her back away from luisa . 
 luisa did n't stop , she punched the woman one more time , sending her to the floor . 
 then , luisa got on top of the woman . 
 luisa 's weight was difficult to lift , even for a snow woman , and luisa took the chance to put an end to the woman . 
 luisa started to pound on the woman , each hit spilling her blood , which was surprisingly red , but the woman tried to fight back , sending a punch towards luisa . 
 it was futile , they barely had any strength in them and luisa could easily resist it . 
 it did n't take long for the woman 's resistance to end , along with the woman 's life . 
 luisa was having too much fun , so she did n't notice that her victim was already gone . 
 then , a voice stopped luisa , a small little voice that was calling for someone . 
 `` mommy , daddy ? '' 
 the voice belonged to a little girl , who was looking at the scene before her . 
 luisa had her right fist in the air , ready to strike again , with the left pulled an inch away from her victim 's face . 
 the agent was to luisa 's right , and on his back as a bloody mess . 
 both of the victims ' blood spilling where they were . 
 luisa looked at the girl , who had hair as white as snow , the fairest white skin , and beautiful green with gray eyes . 
 at that moment , luisa understood why the woman fought luisa . 
 the woman was trying to protect the girl . 
 luisa started to realize that the woman was looking towards the direction of the child , which would mean that the woman was the child 's mother and the agent was the father . 
 also , luisa realized that the girl saw luisa beat the life out of the mother . 
 luisa could see the shocked horror in the girl 's face , tears started to well in the girl 's eyes . 
 something inside luisa reacted to that , something she had n't felt as far as she could remember . 
 luisa started to feel emotions that she never thought she had . 
 looking at the bodies and looking at her bloodied hands , caused all the feelings and emotions to come out . 
 luisa felt horror for what she had done and for what she had become . 
 she felt regret for the many lives that she had taken and the many families that she had broken . 
 then , she heard something and looked towards the direction of the girl . 
 luisa noticed that the girl collapsed and quickly slid towards her . 
 luisa picked the girl up and checked her to see if she was alright . 
 fortunately , luisa saw the girl 's chest rose , a sign that the girl was alive , which put luisa at ease . 
 then , she noticed a smell in the air , and instantly discovered that it was smoke . 
 the conflict with the mother caused the molotov to fall on the ignited lighter , causing the house to start getting engulfed in flames . 
 luisa grabbed the child and looked for a way out . 
 the front door was the first to be caught in flames . 
 luisa started to regret using a molotov . 
 with no other door , she decided to go out through the window . 
 luisa secured the child and jumped out through the window , while protecting the child . 
 outside of the house , luisa did the first thing that came to mind in that kind of situation , she slid away . 
 she slid as fast as she could , escaping the scene of the crime and looked for a place to hide . 
 luisa eventually hid from the law and waited it out in one of the organization 's hideouts . 
 luisa was now in a dangerous position , if she returned to the organization , they would kill the child to avoid any witnesses . 
 if luisa got caught by the authorities , they would kill the girl , since many in the police force had been bought by the organization . 
 there was only one option left , luisa had to leave the country with the girl . 
 while thinking that , the girl stirred and woke up , getting the attention of luisa . 
 the first thing that the girl asked was about her location , which luisa answered as her house . 
 then , the girl asked who luisa was , which made luisa curious . 
 luisa asked the girl for her name , and got a surprise : the girl did n't remember her name , which draw the conclusion that she got amnesia . 
 the shock must have erased her memory of the murder , along with everything else . 
 the girl started to ask questions about herself and luisa , which luisa tried to fill in , but not with the truth . 
 luisa could n't say that she killed the girl 's parents , so she decided to lie . 
 luisa said that the girl 's parents died in an accident and left her in charge of the girl . 
 the girl was saddened , but she said something that nearly made luisa choke on sorrow and guilt . 
 `` at least i have you with me . '' 
 responded the girl responded with a smile . 
 it was heavy . 
 luisa used all of her willpower to avoid letting a single tear fall . 
 at that moment , she introduced herself properly and gave the girl a name , since luisa did n't know the girl 's real name . 
 luisa named the girl , milagros . 
 the girl liked the name , and with that , a new family was born . 
 luisa started to act quickly , she went to get fake passports for the both of them , grabbed some money that she had , and left the country for good . 
 she eventually reached the us , rented an apartment , and found a job at a construction company . 
 considering that she never got a degree on anything , she could only work at the lowest level . 
 the pay was good enough to survive , which was lucky for luisa because she had to use most of her saved money to pay for the apartment , the furniture , a car , and other necessities . 
 luisa found a babysitter in the apartment building , who was jayce . 
 even though luisa found a babysitter , she wanted to spend as much time as she could with milagros , so she found another way to get money , which was through boxing . 
 since then , she had been training and became a boxer . 
 with this new source of income , luisa did n't needed to work too much in construction and she could spend more time with milagros . 
 6 months have passed since that fateful night . 
 over time , milagros started to consider luisa as her mother , which pained luisa too much . 
 she knew that milagros will never see her real parents again . 
 `` i could never tell you the truth , i do n't know if i could handle it . 
 i do n't know if i could handle losing the only one making my life worth living . 
 i do n't know if i can even redeem myself for what i have done to you . 
 i know that my actions are unforgivable , and my soul will forever be condemned to the fires of hell itself . 
 it wo n't redeem me , but i 'll do all that i can so that you can enjoy your childhood . 
 a childhood that i nearly destroyed . 
 no matter who i face , i wo n't fall . 
 i wo n't lose , for you and for your happiness . '' 
 thought luisa . 
 with a goal set and a heart ready to fight to the end , all luisa needed to do , was to prepare her body for the upcoming match . 
 `` specter , 2 wins by means of ko . 
 i 'm sorry , but your streak ends with me . '' 
 luisa had training tomorrow , so she decided to go to sleep . 
 the next morning , back at alonso 's gym , lea was doing more of her usual routine , which was working in the morning . 
 so far , lea had n't been called to do any training , which was a first . 
 alonso usually had some training ready for lea to prepare her for the next match . 
 it made lea worried , and she started to wonder if alonso did n't know what to do for the next match . 
 the day went all the way to midday , but it happened . 
 alonso called for lea , who was relieved for that , and she quickly slid towards alonso , which surprised him . 
 `` you called me , coach ? 
 do you have some special training ready for me ? 
 is this going to help me defeat luisa ? '' 
 asked lea , who was so excited , that she asked those questions really fast . 
 `` yes , yes , and i do n't know . '' 
 answered alonso , who hoped that it was temporary . 
 `` i 'm sure that it will work out , right ? '' 
 lea started to worry . 
 `` to be honest , it 's the best i can do for this match . 
 you 're going to have to think of something that can actually hurt luisa . '' 
 `` you mean , like a technique ? '' 
 `` well , to be precise , any ideas that can help you defeat her . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 lea hoped that alonso could give her some clues . 
 `` anything , but let 's not waste time thinking , let 's start with something that might give you an advantage . '' 
 alonso thought that moving would help with thinking . 
 `` what are we doing ? '' 
 they moved towards some weights . 
 `` you 're going to strengthen your tail . 
 adding strength to it will not only make you faster , but it will help absorb more damage than normal . '' 
 `` sounds great . '' 
 lea felt better after knowing that there was some hope left . 
 `` it does , but it wo n't be easy . 
 you have to train the tail all the way to the tip . '' 
 `` do you think it will be enough ? '' 
 `` like i said , it 's the best i can come up with . 
 you have to enter the danger zone to land a hit , so you must be fast enough to avoid the danger . '' 
 `` i 'm still not sure about this , but i trust you . '' 
 those words made alonso feel a little touched , but he did n't show it . 
 `` glad to hear that , chica . 
 remember , the most powerful punches , start from the legs , or tail in your case . '' 
 `` got it , coach . '' 
 `` now , start training your tail . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 lea did as she was told , while alonso left her to it . 
 once gone , fergus took the chance to talk with alonso . 
 `` are you sure about this , sir ? 
 there must be some way to make it easier for her . '' 
 said fergus , who did n't like that all alonso could come up with was just training the tail . 
 `` not much we can do right now . 
 for now , we 'll prioritize the tail and train in the basics . '' 
 `` i hope it 's enough . '' 
 `` the match will tell if it was enough or not , but one thing is for certain , we 're going to win this tournament . '' 
 alonso certainly was n't going to let it end in the first round of the tournament . 
 fergus accepted the answer and left to help other boxers in the gym . 
 lea was exercising as alonso asked her , but something got stuck in lea 's mind . 
 alonso 's words ringed in lea 's head , the words were : `` the most powerful punches , start from the legs , or tail in your case . '' 
 `` why did those words stayed in my head ? 
 is it a clue , or am i getting somewhere ? 
 maybe i 'm missing something ? '' 
 thought lea . 
 after a while , she thought that it will come on its own , so she will focus on training her tail as much as she could . 
 that kept going for a whole month , lea kept strengthening the tail , but she was unable to come up with anything special . 
 alonso wanted to test out the results of the training , so he put her against hilda . 
 `` okay , chica . 
 today , you 're going to go against hilda , since she 's the only one who uses a brawler style . '' 
 `` hilda ?! 
 she 's a heavyweight . 
 she could knock me down with one punch . '' 
 said lea while hilda got in the ring . 
 `` oh yeah , this brings back memories , which was mostly me knocking you out . 
 now then , are you ready ? '' 
 said hilda , who was looking forward to the fight . 
 `` will she be able to pull some punches ? '' 
 thought lea , and far as she could see , hilda wo n't do it . 
 `` listen , i need to know that the training is giving some results , so you need to fight to find out . '' 
 said alonso , who did n't leave space for an argument . 
 lea did n't see any way out of it , so she simply accepted her fate and got in the ring with her equipment . 
 `` please do n't kill me . '' 
 begged lea as she got in the ring . 
 `` well ... i 'll try . '' 
 said hilda , which was the best that she could promise . 
 the bell ringed and they start the spar . 
 lea put her usual peek-a-boo guard and started to head towards hilda , who also moved forward . 
 they quickly reached punching range , but none of them launched a single punch . 
 hilda may be a brawler , but she tended to look for opportunities , instead of just throwing punches and hoping for one of them to land . 
 to start , hilda threw a left jab at lea , who dodged by moving the head to the left . 
 lea attacked with a left jab to hilda 's head , but hilda used her right arm to block it . 
 again , they keep distance from each other , but lea started to rush in to get into her preferred distance . 
 hilda noticed it and quickly tried to intercept lea with a left hook . 
 to hilda 's surprise , lea moved at a surprising speed . 
 hilda continued to throw her left hook , but lea quickly moved to hilda 's right and punched hilda 's liver with the left hand . 
 after that , lea quickly moved away from hilda . 
 everyone watching the sparring session was surprised , knowing that lea had increased her speed . 
 `` it seems that the training has paid off . '' 
 said alonso , who was glad for it , but he kept a serious face . 
 `` with that kind of speed , lea can get in , land some punches , and move out of range . '' 
 said alinda , who was amazed by lea 's new speed . 
 `` that sounds like a good idea , considering that luisa prefers a more stationary position . '' 
 `` then again , lea is always going to be facing luisa from the front . 
 what if she can anticipate the movement ? '' 
 asked salena . 
 `` maybe she could combine feints and wait for luisa to attack . '' 
 answered alinda . 
 `` there are too many unknowns in this match . 
 we can only hope that this will be enough to defeat her . '' 
 said alonso , who wished that he could do more . 
 after that , the three of them kept watching the spar between hilda and lea . 
 then , alonso looked at alinda and salena in surprise . 
 `` wait a minute , when did you two get here ? '' 
 as far as alonso knew , he left them training before starting the spar . 
 `` we 've been here since the beginning . '' 
 answered salena as if it was no big deal . 
 `` oh , okay ... now go back to your training . '' 
 `` come on , coach . 
 this is too interesting to just leave it . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` more like you do n't have enough to keep you entertained . 
 now go and do your training , or i might have to add more since you seem to be bored . '' 
 said alonso . 
 `` uh , that wo n't be necessary , we were just leaving , right ? '' 
 alinda looked at salena . 
 `` i was actually going to keep watching . '' 
 said salena , who did n't get the hint , making alinda start pulling on salena 's ear . 
 `` ow ow , hey , cut it out ! '' 
 `` we 're leaving . 
 we need to do our training . '' 
 alinda kept pulling salena away . 
 `` okay , okay , just let go of my ear . '' 
 they left to do their training , leaving alonso alone . 
 instead of feeling relief , alonso got in deep thought . 
 `` they had a point , this is a good tactic , but i can see one flaw in it . '' 
 thought alonso , and it did n't take long to show itself . 
 hilda had been trying to keep up with lea , but lea was too quick to catch with big swings . 
 no seeing anyway to catch up , hilda decided on another approach . 
 lea charged in and threw a right uppercut to hilda 's chin . 
 hilda carefully matched up the timing of the punch that was launched and threw a left hook at lea 's head . 
 both punches landed and made it a simultaneous exchange . 
 they both have tremendous punching power , but hilda was in the heavyweight division , which meant that she could endure the punch . 
 lea was in the middleweight division , so she lost the exchange and it made her back away from hilda . 
 `` we still have the problem of lower toughness , so luisa might try to make exchanges . '' 
 after alonso thought that , he ended the spar . 
 `` okay , you two , that 's enough for today . '' 
 both boxers end the spar and start to get out of the ring . 
 `` that was some good speed , lass . 
 it would be hard to keep up , even for someone like luisa . '' 
 said hilda . 
 `` i think so too , but i do n't think it would be enough to bring her down . 
 if i 'm lucky , i could win by points , but i do n't think it would come to that . '' 
 said lea , who sounded serious about it . 
 `` then you better think of some big technique against her , something that even she could n't resist . '' 
 `` i have been thinking about it , but nothing comes up , and there 's less than a month to think of something . '' 
 lea even started thinking before going to sleep . 
 `` oh well , do n't worry too much . 
 i 'm sure something will come up , eventually . '' 
 `` i hope you 're right . '' 
 `` well , i 'm thirsty . 
 alinda , can you pass me my water ? '' 
 hilda asked to alinda because she was the one closest to hilda 's bag . 
 alinda went to hilda 's bag , found the bottle of water , and threw it to hilda . 
 `` nice throw . '' 
 hilda sat on a nearby bench to rest while drinking her water . 
 lea saw the throw and it stood out for her . 
 `` this is getting weird , why are these kinds of things getting into my head ? '' 
 thought lea , but she did n't have a lot of time to think about it , so she left to keep training . 
 weeks have passed and the day for the weigh-in arrived . 
 that would mean that lea would meet face to face with luisa . 
 lea arrived to the assigned room and found another lamia inside . 
 lea could tell without a doubt , that it was none other than luisa sanchez . 
 luisa was taking her clothes off , leaving only her underwear , revealing solid muscles in her arms , abdomen , and back . 
 `` not a bad body , no wonder she was never taken down before . '' 
 thought alonso in amazement . 
 `` then again , lea is n't someone who lags behind . '' 
 luisa was called first and her weight passed without a problem . 
 they call lea next and she took her clothes off . 
 no one could deny that lea had a good body . 
 compared to luisa , it might be almost the same because luisa had a better built than lea . 
 lea 's weight passed without a problem . 
 after that , lea got off the scale , headed straight to alonso , and started to put her clothes back . 
 while doing so , someone started to move towards her . 
 lea turned around and noticed luisa approaching , which made lea feel nervous . 
 once luisa was close , she politely introduced herself . 
 `` hello , my name is luisa . 
 nice to meet you . '' 
 luisa offered her hand with a smile . 
 `` oh , yeah , i 'm ... specter . 
 nice to meet you too . '' 
 said lea , who grabbed and shook the offered hand . 
 `` specter ? 
 is there any reason why you chose that ring name ? '' 
 `` it was an idea of my friends . '' 
 after answering , they let go of their hands . 
 `` that 's nice of them . '' 
 after luisa said that , her coach called for her . 
 `` well , sorry i have to leave like this . 
 let 's do our best in the match . '' 
 `` uh , yeah , let 's do our best . '' 
 after that , luisa left the room . 
 alonso called for lea and they both left the room . 
 `` luisa was n't as scary as i thought she would be . '' 
 `` of course not , just wait until she gets in the ring , that 's when you 're going to see the difference . '' 
 answered alonso . 
 `` well , i 'm not as nervous as before . 
 i think i 'm ready to start at any time . '' 
 said lea . 
 `` i hope you can keep this up by the time the match start . 
 just do n't go easy on her just because she was friendly to you . '' 
 `` oh , yeah , do n't worry , i understand at least that much . '' 
 `` good , but are you truly ready for this match ? 
 did you come up with anything that could give you an edge in this match ? '' 
 alonso hoped that she did . 
 `` to be honest , i could n't come up with anything , but like hilda said , it might come on its own . '' 
 lea still remembered the different things that stayed in her mind : alonso 's words about tail power and the bottle of water been thrown to hilda . 
 `` i see . 
 in that case , all we can do is rely on your skills and training to win the match . 
 i can actually give you one piece of advice . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` remember what you fight for . 
 if is truly special to you , it might save you from the worst situations . '' 
 `` okay , but do n't worry , i always remember . 
 i do n't think i could ever forget . '' 
 `` good , then we are as ready as we can be . '' 
 they all know that it will be a very difficult match . 
 a match that could even result in severe injuries , or in the worst case scenario , one of them could die . 
 either way , they both know the dangers of it and keep moving in the path of a boxer . 
 no matter how broken they get and no matter how bloody they get , lea and luisa were determined to fight to the very end . 
 chapter 11 : is it enough ? 
 the night came too quickly for lea , but she did n't complain . 
 she was waiting for the match and trying to clear her head of nervousness . 
 alonso , fergus , lea , and her friends went to the venue , where the match would take place . 
 again , lea 's match was an under card , but it felt something bigger for lea , since she was fighting against a strong opponent . 
 the air in the changing room was heavy for lea and her seconds . 
 the first match of the tournament was going to be difficult . 
 none of them expected such a thing , but they could n't back down from it , especially lea . 
 luisa was in another room , feeling the same thing as lea . 
 luisa 's previous opponents did n't made luisa nervous , not even a little , but lea was different . 
 luisa could n't put it in words , she just felt it . 
 her coach saw her face and tried to calm her down . 
 sitting at luisa 's left was a werebear with salt and pepper hair , just like his fur . 
 he had his hair combed back , simply because he liked to be presentable . 
 the story of the werebears came from the greek mythology of callisto . 
 callisto was turned into a bear by a jealous goddess . 
 the mistake in the myth was that she was half-bear , half human . 
 the male werebears looked more like bears , instead of humans . 
 they had the ears , small bear tail , the fur around their bodies , and the face of one . 
 of course , they did n't have as much hair as a real bear , but enough to warm them up . 
 their female counterparts were a little different . 
 they had the ears , the tail , and they had fur , but it only covered from hands to elbows and feet to knees . 
 their face and body were still human-looking , unlike their male counterpart . 
 they all shared similar things , like the brute strength of a bear , their impressive sense of smell , and capability to resist cold weather . 
 humans believed the werebears to be cursed animals , but that was far from the truth . 
 they have existed for a very long time . 
 they simply preferred to stay out of sight because of the dangerous times . 
 in modern times , they were normal citizens , mostly doing labor work and living in cold places , but they have spread out throughout the world . 
 `` you okay ? 
 it is n't like you to look nervous . '' 
 asked the werebear . 
 `` i 'm okay , coach . 
 i just do n't know why i 'm so nervous . 
 i 've never felt like this before . '' 
 answered luisa . 
 `` is normal , as far as we have seen , she 's not an easy opponent . '' 
 answered the coach with a smile to cheer luisa up . 
 `` that might be the case , but i do n't think is as simple as that . '' 
 `` well , once you get in the ring , you might calm down . 
 why do n't you get warmed up before it starts ? '' 
 `` yeah , thanks , george . '' 
 luisa started to throw some heavy jabs and straights . 
 `` this is the first time that i have seen luisa like that . 
 she 's usually very calm in every match , having confidence like none other . 
 her next opponent , specter , did n't exactly give me the air of someone strong . 
 this might be her instincts telling her to stay on guard against her . 
 i wonder if she has met her match . '' 
 in lea 's changing room , they were having the same problem , but for different reasons . 
 `` oye , chica , start warming up . '' 
 ordered alonso , not wanting lea to let the pressure get to her . 
 `` y-yeah . '' 
 said lea , who started to do as told , weaving and throwing punches . 
 even if she was warming up , her mind was somewhere else . 
 `` dammit , dammit , i ca n't get rid of this feeling , i could n't think of anything before the match . 
 those words are always circling in my head , is like they are avoiding me , not letting me think on them . 
 can i actually beat her with just this ? 
 no ! 
 i ca n't think like this , everyone has been supporting me this far , i have to save julie and the kids . 
 i ca n't give up so quickly , i have to do anything that i can to win ! '' 
 lea started to look livelier than before , which did n't escape alonso . 
 `` whatever it is that is making her regain her spirit , i hope it stays with her . 
 if all else fails , then we will have to rely in her determination alone . 
 do your best , chica , and i will do my best to keep you safe . '' 
 with those silent promises , the air became less heavy , and lea was just waiting for the call . 
 hilda , alinda and salena were in their seats , waiting for lea 's match to start . 
 `` hey , what do you guys think about lea 's match ? 
 do you think she will win ? '' 
 asked salena . 
 `` of course , she defeated a ranked boxer before , remember ? '' 
 answered alinda . 
 `` i know , i was watching too , but this feels different . 
 even lea was different . '' 
 alinda and hilda started to notice that salena was nervous . 
 `` different ? '' 
 `` yeah , as if , she does n't feel confident about this match . '' 
 `` well ... considering her opponent , i guess anyone would feel the same , but we ca n't think like that . 
 we have to show support for her . '' 
 alinda tried to cheer salena up . 
 `` do n't get me wrong , i 'm going to cheer for her too . '' 
 `` anything can happen in the ring . 
 let 's just have faith in her . 
 it 's the best we can do for her . '' 
 said hilda , who was more serious than she could ever be . 
 `` yeah , you guys are right , i 'm sure something will come up in lea 's favor . '' 
 said salena , who started to feel confident on lea 's victory . 
 they all hear the announcement , saying that the match will start soon . 
 they all started to send their good lucks to lea , in hopes that she could win the match . 
 a staff member entered lea 's dressing room and told lea to get ready to fight . 
 after hearing that , alonso and fergus got up from a bench . 
 `` all right , chica , let 's go . '' 
 alonso started to head out of the room . 
 lea pounded her fists together and responded . 
 `` yeah ! '' 
 lea showed good energy , no longer bothered with doubts and the like . 
 they all head to the ring , ready to face the brawler , luisa sanchez . 
 once they get to the arena , lea was greeted with cheers from the audience . 
 some of them said how much they wanted to see her , how much they expect her to win by ko , and how much they want her to win the tournament . 
 lea 's reputation seemed to go up faster with every ko victory , which was what most of the audience liked to see . 
 she responded by rising a gloved fist and waved it to the crowd , still not used to the cheers . 
 luisa was n't far behind , she had some supporters , who said around the same things that lea was told . 
 the difference was that some of them were of mexican heritage . 
 the boxers got into the ring , they were introduced by the announcer , and the referee called them to the middle of the ring to explain the rules . 
 both boxers were staring straight into each other 's eyes , making many in the arena believe that they had a feud with each other , which was n't true . 
 they were trying to send a simple message : `` i 'm going to win . '' 
 once the referee finished with the rules , both boxers headed to their respective corners , and waited for the bell to ring . 
 before that , their trainers tried to give advice to their boxers . 
 `` remember , chica , go in fast and get out fast , hit when you 're sure you wo n't get hit . 
 above all else . 
 do n't . 
 stop . 
 moving . 
 got it ? '' 
 alonso said to lea . 
 `` got it . '' 
 responded lea , who was given her mouthpiece and got ready to start at any time . 
 in the other corner , luisa received advice from george . 
 `` she 's another in-fighter , but do n't underestimate her , she might have thought of something to give you a run for your money . '' 
 george warned luisa . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i 'm not going to fall so easily . 
 eventually , i will land a punch and end it quickly . '' 
 said luisa , who put her mouthpiece on and mentally prepared herself for the match . 
 after that , the seconds were told to leave the ring and the only ones in it were the boxers and the referee . 
 the boxers faced each other from their respective corners , staring at each other , and thinking on how to start the match . 
 there was no more time for thinking because the bell ringed . 
 both boxers came out of their corners , lea using the peek-a-boo defense , while luisa simply moved forward . 
 lea dashed towards luisa , but stopped a few feet away from her when lea noticed luisa getting into her usual stance . 
 they were both close to the center of the ring , staring at each other , waiting to see who would do the next move . 
 lea circled around luisa , who easily followed lea , not letting her out of sight . 
 lea kept trying , showing her new speed gained through training . 
 it was futile because luisa had no problem keeping track of lea 's movements . 
 even with the new level of speed , lea was unable to out slide luisa . 
 however , luisa did n't know if she would be fast enough to react when lea decided to attack . 
 lea did n't find any way to get out of hilda 's sight , so she decided to stop and face luisa head on . 
 luisa got ready to start exchanging punches , watching for the opportunity to attack . 
 she did n't have to wait for long , lea lowered herself and rushed in . 
 luisa was prepared to throw a downward punch with the right . 
 lea quickly moved to luisa 's left and punched luisa 's liver with the left hand . 
 luisa felt the punch , but after taking the hit , she threw a left punch at lea . 
 luisa 's punch hit only air because lea had already left even before luisa threw the punch . 
 after that , lea started to slide in circles around luisa , and luisa kept her eyes on lea . 
 `` that was fast , faster than i thought , but speed wo n't be enough to bring me down . '' 
 thought luisa , who was impressed , but she did n't let it show on her face . 
 `` i knew it . 
 my punch might be strong , but luisa is resilient enough to endure and fight back . '' 
 thought lea , who was been careful , knowing that a punch from luisa could be dangerous and lea did n't know if she would be able to resist it . 
 on luisa 's corner , george was surprised by such a quick in-fighter , and the fact that lea was able to dodge the attack . 
 `` that was completely unexpected ! 
 specter was fast enough to dodge the punch and land one of her own on luisa . '' 
 thought george , who looked at luisa and he could see that luisa was n't showing signs of too much damage . 
 `` good , she was able to endure the attack . 
 that was a nice try , specter , but it will take more than that to bring luisa down . '' 
 on lea 's corner , things were a little calm . 
 `` that was a good one , chica , keep at it . 
 do n't rush it , pick your moments to attack carefully and you will win . '' 
 thought alonso , and he knew that it was just the beginning . 
 lea kept going in circles around luisa while thinking of a plan against her . 
 lea tried to remember the videos of luisa 's matches , trying to find some clue . 
 unfortunately , lea did n't find anything useful , especially since most of those fights ended in the first minute . 
 after a while , lea started to notice that luisa was going to move . 
 lea prepared herself to avoid direct confrontation with luisa , but luisa did n't moved towards lea . 
 instead , luisa moved to the nearest corner , stood her ground , look straight at lea , and beckoned her with the hand . 
 lea did n't move , but she knew what luisa just did . 
 luisa moved to the corner to prevent lea from circling around luisa , and lea knew that the only option left was to attack from the front . 
 luisa was n't done yet , she also put up a defense that lea had n't seen before . 
 luisa crossed her arms in front of her , and everyone else knew that it was none other than the cross-arm block . 
 `` i 've no idea what that is , but i wo n't let it stop me . '' 
 thought lea , who moved forward , and started to attack with left jabs from a distance . 
 lea kept throwing jab after jab , but none of them seemed to work . 
 after a few more jabs , lea started to throw a right straight , but luisa was already ducking . 
 lea saw that just in time to stop her punch and move away . 
 after lea moved away , luisa stood up , put back her cross-arm block , and waited . 
 at that moment , lea realized that been careful was n't going to get her anywhere . 
 `` all right , you want me to fight you face to face ? 
 then i 'll fight you face to face ! '' 
 lea rushed in and stood in front of luisa . 
 right after lea did that , luisa dropped her guard and put her brawler stance . 
 then , the entire audience went silent because they knew that fists would start flying at any moment . 
 back in lea 's corner , fergus was starting to panic , while alonso looked calm about the situation . 
 `` coach , specter should n't be taking such a direct approach , she should play it safe and attack from a distance . '' 
 said fergus . 
 `` i do n't think it would work for long . 
 luisa seems to be a very sharp boxer , it was just a matter of time before she found a way to force lea into a direct attack . '' 
 said alonso , who hoped that it would n't come to that , but on the inside , he knew that lea would have to face luisa . 
 `` chica , remember your training and do n't give up . '' 
 one minute had passed , and none of the boxers had thrown a punch . 
 they were just staring at each other , watching , waiting , thinking if they should attack or not . 
 then , lea attacked with a right hook to luisa 's head , but luisa ducked the punch . 
 luisa retaliated by throwing a right uppercut at lea 's chin , but lea was fast enough to dodge the punch by leaning back . 
 lea went back into the in-fight without fear and hit luisa 's body with a left punch . 
 luisa ignored the damage and threw a left hook at lea 's head , but lea used the right arm to block . 
 luisa landed the punch on lea 's guard and launched lea 's arm to the side . 
 `` holy crap ! 
 that 's an insane punching power ! 
 no wonder she won all of her matches with a ko ! '' 
 thought lea , who did n't have time to think on it because luisa threw a right straight at lea 's head . 
 lea ducked the punch right on time and regained her balance before she threw a left uppercut at luisa 's chin . 
 luisa dodged by moving the head to the side and threw a left hook at lea 's head . 
 lea ducked the punch and retaliated with a right uppercut to luisa 's chin . 
 the punch landed , but it was all part of luisa 's plan . 
 right after taking the uppercut , luisa threw a right hook to lea 's face . 
 lea noticed it too late to dodge and took the punch , which turned her face to the side . 
 everyone in the audience thought that lea was going to fall , but they were surprised when they saw lea hit luisa 's liver with a left punch . 
 `` she can take it ? '' 
 thought luisa , who was n't expecting that to happen because she won most of her fights with a single punch . 
 `` i resisted the punch , i thought i was in trouble , but the training saved me . '' 
 thought lea , whose discovery gave a boost to her morale . 
 `` all right , let 's do this ! '' 
 lea continued her attack with new confidence . 
 back on lea 's corner , the tension that the seconds were feeling was starting to leave . 
 `` she resisted one of luisa 's punches . 
 this must be the results of her training , right ? '' 
 said fergus , who was glad to see lea standing . 
 `` exactly , a strong lower body tends to give the ability to absorb more damage than normal . 
 i knew she could n't dodge all of luisa 's punches , so we had to get her the ability to absorb it . 
 we are going to win this tournament , go without hesitation and you will reach victory . '' 
 thought alonso . 
 he spent most of his time to find a way to help lea on this match . 
 the results showed his dedication , not only to the match or to victory , but to make sure that the boxer came back in one piece . 
 that was one of the biggest responsibilities of a coach . 
 the fight between those fierce boxers continued with lea landing a right hook on luisa 's head . 
 luisa hit back with a left hook to lea 's head , but lea hit back with a left hook to luisa 's liver . 
 then , lea used the same arm to throw a left uppercut to luisa 's chin . 
 luisa hit back with a right hook to lea 's head , but lea did n't stop and hit back with a right hook to luisa 's head . 
 then , lea landed a left uppercut to luisa 's chin . 
 luisa attempted to hit back with a left hook , but lea was ready for it and ducked the punch . 
 then , lea threw a right uppercut at luisa 's chin , but luisa dodged it by moving the head to the side . 
 unfortunately for luisa , she was n't fast enough to dodge the left hook that landed on her head . 
 lea continued with a right hook to luisa 's head , but luisa made it into a simultaneous exchange by throwing a right hook of her own . 
 the audience was so amazed by such a fierce fight , that they started to cheer for both boxers . 
 lea was about to throw a left hook , but she noticed that luisa was about to do the same thing . 
 lea stopped her hook and ducked luisa 's punch . 
 after that , lea remained low and started to focus her attack on luisa 's body . 
 lea landed a right punch on luisa 's body . 
 luisa used both arms to push lea away , but lea took that chance to land a left uppercut on luisa 's chin . 
 lea continued to attack by landing a right hook on luisa 's head , but after taking the hit , luisa hit back with a left hook to lea 's head . 
 lea threw a left hook , and after landing the punch on luisa 's head , luisa hit back with a right hook to lea 's head . 
 lea threw another hook , but luisa decided to duck the punch and land a right punch on lea 's body . 
 on luisa 's corner , george kept watching the fight with a serious expression . 
 `` i 'm a little surprised that specter was able to resist that many punches from luisa , but it does n't matter . 
 luisa has more punching power and resilience than specter . 
 if things continue like this , then we will win . '' 
 thought george , who had seen luisa take many punches in her career and no one had been able to take her down . 
 on lea 's corner , they were surprised to see luisa take that many punches and still standing . 
 `` i know that brawlers posses tremendous resilience , but this is just ridiculous . '' 
 thought alonso , who hoped that it wo n't get worse . 
 two minutes had passed , and none of them seem to gain the upper hand on the other . 
 lea threw a left hook at luisa 's liver , but luisa threw a right hook at lea 's head , which made it into a simultaneous exchange . 
 lea continued with a right hook to luisa 's head , followed by a left uppercut to luisa 's chin . 
 after taking the punches , luisa landed a left hook to lea 's head . 
 then , luisa threw a right hook , which lea ducked . 
 after ducking the last punch , lea backed away from luisa . 
 after that , they suddenly stopped punching , which surprised the audience . 
 `` what should i do next ? 
 keep fighting like this ? 
 she must be hurting after all that , she must have slowed down , but can i rely on that ? 
 is it enough to defeat her ? 
 no , i ca n't think like that , i have to keep fighting , i have to keep punching ! '' 
 thought lea . 
 `` i 'm surprised that you 've lasted this long , but it wo n't matter because i 'm going to win ! '' 
 thought luisa , who was sure that she would endure more than lea . 
 luisa had survived worse things in the street than in the ring . 
 lea went back to luisa and started to attack with a left uppercut to luisa 's chin , but luisa dodged by moving the head to the side . 
 luisa attempted to hit lea with a left hook , but lea blocked it with the right shoulder . 
 after that , lea hit luisa 's chin with a left uppercut and continued with a right hook to luisa 's head . 
 luisa tried to fight back with a left hook , but lea expected that and ducked the punch . 
 lea did n't let up and landed a left hook on luisa 's liver . 
 luisa feinted a left hook , which made lea duck . 
 after fooling lea , luisa threw a right hook at lea 's head while lea threw a right hook at luisa 's body . 
 as everyone expected , it turned into another simultaneous exchange . 
 in the audience , lea 's friends were watching the ferocious exchange of punches , and they did n't know who was having the upper hand . 
 that did n't stop them from cheering for lea , but alinda and salena did n't notice the serious expression on hilda 's face . 
 `` man , things are starting to heat up . 
 i simply ca n't take my eyes off of this match . '' 
 said salena , who could feel the intensity of the match . 
 `` i agree . 
 this is the first time that i have seen something like this . '' 
 responded alinda , but in her opinion , she would have preferred a more tactical match . 
 hilda had other thoughts in mind , but preferred not to say it because she was hoping that her thoughts were wrong . 
 lea continued with a left uppercut to luisa 's chin , which luisa dodged by moving the head to the side . 
 luisa changed her pattern of attack and threw a left uppercut at lea 's chin . 
 lea also dodged by moving her head to the side and landed a right hook on luisa 's head . 
 after that , lea expected another hook , but luisa decided to throw a right hook at lea 's body . 
 since lea was n't expecting that , the punch landed without problem . 
 the punch caused more damage than normal and it stunned lea for a moment . 
 `` about time you stopped throwing punches at me . 
 now , let me return the favor ! '' 
 thought luisa , who took the opportunity to land a left uppercut on lea 's chin , which forced lea to back away from luisa . 
 luisa did n't stop there and charged in . 
 once luisa got to her punching range , she threw a right straight at lea , who recovered fast enough to put her peek-a-boo guard . 
 the punch broke through the guard and landed on lea 's face . 
 lea was pushed back again and luisa rushed in with a left straight . 
 lea was prepared for it and ducked the punch . 
 then , she quickly moved into her preferred range and landed a right hook on luisa 's body . 
 luisa attempted a right hook , but lea had the space to move to luisa 's left and land a right punch on luisa 's body . 
 right after that , luisa realized that she needed to head back to the corner , but lea was n't going to allow that . 
 lea quickly moved to luisa 's side and started to throw punches at luisa 's body . 
 that forced luisa to change directions , and once she was far enough from the corner , lea started to target luisa 's head . 
 lea would have continued with her attack , but the referee got between them at the sound of the bell . 
 after that , the referee ordered both boxers to their corners , which they obeyed without complain . 
 lea reached her corner and sat down on the stool . 
 as soon as lea sat down , her seconds started to check lea 's condition . 
 `` you did well . 
 i was n't expecting luisa from moving straight to the corner and we should expect the same thing in the next round . 
 with that in mind , i want you to get in another in-fight against her , but this time , throw as many punches as you can . 
 so many punches that she wo n't be able to fight back , got it ? '' 
 said alonso . 
 he did n't know if it would work , but it was the best he could do at the moment . 
 lea had a different opinion . 
 `` is that going to be enough ? 
 can i do damage to her with that ? '' 
 asked lea , and the seconds could hear doubt in lea 's voice . 
 `` what are you saying , chica ? 
 even the toughest boxer has their limits , and you know it . '' 
 lea did n't respond and looked down . 
 `` listen , chica , one of the worst things for a boxer to have is doubt . 
 do not doubt your training , but most importantly , do not doubt yourself . '' 
 alonso could understand the feeling , but it wo n't help lea if she kept thinking about it . 
 `` yeah , okay , coach . '' 
 it had the desired effect . 
 lea looked back to alonso , showing with her eyes that she did n't have any doubts . 
 `` good , do n't lose hope . 
 persevere and you will find victory , got that ? '' 
 `` yeah , you 're right . 
 i ca n't give up here , i 'll keep fighting , even if my tail stops moving , even if my arms stop moving , i 'll keep fighting . '' 
 `` good , bien dicho . 
 i wish i could tell her something that could actually help her in this match , but i just do n't know what . 
 it all depends on you , chica . '' 
 on the other corner , things were different . 
 `` that in-fighter is giving you a run for your money , especially when she kept you from reaching the corner . '' 
 said george . 
 he knew that luisa would n't do well in open space , but he did n't worry about luisa falling . 
 `` you 're right , i was n't expecting her to do something like that , but i do n't think that it would have mattered that much . '' 
 said luisa . 
 she could have some problems if she fought lea in the open , but luisa was confident that she would have endured everything . 
 `` more importantly , what 's your condition ? '' 
 `` i 'm a little sore from all of those punches , but i do n't think is anything to worry about . '' 
 luisa never told george , but there was a time when she took a pipe to the head . 
 she survived the hit and knocked out the person that used the pipe on her . 
 `` that 's good to hear . 
 just stay on the corner and keep piling the damage on specter . 
 we can expect her to reach her limit in the later rounds . '' 
 after george said that , luisa only nodded in response and used the remaining minute to rest as much as possible . 
 in the audience , lea 's friends were looking at lea and started to wonder if everything was going well or not . 
 `` it 's too hard to tell who was the superior one in the last round , but i did notice that lea landed more punches than luisa . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` she sure did , but i 'm more surprised that luisa was able to take all of them and continue fighting . '' 
 said salena . 
 `` i agree , but if lea does n't think of something to take her down , she might lose the fight . '' 
 said hilda , which got the attention of alinda and salena . 
 when they looked at hilda , they noticed the serious expression on hilda 's face . 
 `` it looked like she was doing well on her own . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` exactly , it looked like it , but it wo n't be enough . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 asked salena . 
 `` brawlers rely on tremendous brute strength to defeat their opponents , but they also have the toughness to endure the worst punishment . 
 we can say that a punch from luisa is the same as 2 punches from lea . '' 
 explained hilda . 
 `` so , you 're saying that lea might lose in the latter rounds ? 
 that ca n't be right . 
 lea is very strong , so she might be able to last the entire match . '' 
 salena did n't want to admit that lea could lose . 
 `` all we can do is hope that lea can win this . '' 
 that was all that hilda responded . 
 after that , they all went silent and looked back at lea , praying that she can come out on top . 
 the seconds were ordered out of the ring and the boxers put on their mouthpiece . 
 they got up from their stools and waited for the bell to ring . 
 chapter 12 : it all comes to this the battle between lea and luisa continued in the second round . 
 just like in the first round , lea and luisa fought evenly in the corner . 
 lea attempted to prevent luisa from attacking by throwing a barrage of punches . 
 unfortunately , luisa did n't let it stop her and continued to fight back , even when she took a direct hit on the face . 
 that lasted for the duration of the entire second round , and at the sound of the bell , both boxers were sent to their respective corners . 
 once lea reached her corner , her seconds could see that swelling was starting to show on her face . 
 after seeing lea 's condition , alonso was about to try to cheer her up , but he could see that lea was still determined to continue the match . 
 alonso was glad for it and gave whatever advice he could give . 
 unfortunately , alonso did n't know what else to say , except to continue on their previous plan . 
 luisa was a completely different case . 
 her corner was surprised that lea continued to fight face to face against luisa , but the surprise did n't last for long . 
 luisa might have taken a lot of punches , but she was still capable enough to continue the match . 
 the third round went completely different . 
 after a minute into the round , lea started to show signs of exhaustion . 
 thirty seconds later , luisa started to dominate the match , and it took her another thirty seconds to land a right straight on lea 's face . 
 two minutes have passed , but time had slowed down for lea . 
 her consciousness was very close to leave her . 
 after so many hits , lea dropped her guard momentarily and was punched with a left straight square to her face . 
 the punch sent her head back , her eyes looking at the ceiling . 
 at that moment , lea 's consciousness was off . 
 she could only hear voices and see old memories in her head . 
 `` the most powerful punches , start from the legs , or tail in your case . '' 
 alonso 's words were in lea 's head . 
 luisa threw a right straight , but lea dodged it by moving her head to the side . 
 lea dodged out of instinct , even if her mind was n't entirely in the match . 
 an image appeared in lea 's head , which was about a thing been thrown to hilda . 
 it was n't the item that got lea 's attention , it was the action . 
 luisa threw a left straight and hit lea in the face , which caused lea to be pushed to the ropes . 
 that caused another image to appear in lea 's head . 
 it was something small and it was in the air , but lea could n't see it clearly . 
 `` what is that ? 
 it looks like ... '' thought lea , who tried to focus on the item and it took her a moment to see it . 
 it was a frisbee flying in mid-air . 
 `` a frisbee ? 
 why am i ... ? '' 
 suddenly , she heard a voice . 
 `` catch it . '' 
 lea heard a child 's voice . 
 `` catch the frisbee . '' 
 said the voice again , which made lea remember the time when she played with the kids and with julie . 
 lea saw the frisbee right in front of her and she also saw julie trying to catch it . 
 in an attempt to beat julie , lea reached for the frisbee . 
 in reality , she was doing something different . 
 luisa was throwing a right straight at lea , but lea suddenly countered by throwing a right straight at luisa 's face . 
 lea was still unconscious , so she did n't know what she was doing . 
 the punch made luisa back away because the counter caused her a lot of damage . 
 `` w-where did that come from ? 
 i thought she was nearly beaten . 
 where did that punch come from ? '' 
 thought luisa , who was still at a loss because she was n't expecting a punch from an unconscious boxer . 
 luisa had n't recover from that counter , so she kept her distance from lea . 
 back in the audience , lea 's friends were caught by surprise . 
 they thought that lea was going down , but she managed to land a counter on luisa . 
 `` way to go , keep at it ! '' 
 cheered salena . 
 `` amazing , i did n't expect lea to have enough stamina to throw a counter , especially at a moment like that . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` she must have thrown it out of instinct . 
 lea probably does n't realize it herself . 
 not after taking that kind of punishment . '' 
 informed hilda with a serious face , but she was glad to see that lea still had some fight in her . 
 `` then , it must have been a miracle that she landed that punch . '' 
 alinda did n't knew how else to explain it . 
 `` yeah , and i hope that there are more miracles , or lea might lose the match . '' 
 hilda did n't see a way out of that predicament , but refused to give up hope on lea . 
 lea was still half-conscious when she threw that punch , but she started to recover . 
 `` they stopped , why did they stop ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 thought lea , whose consciousness was returning . 
 then , she noticed luisa keeping distance and looking more guarded than before . 
 `` why is she so far ? 
 did i do something ? '' 
 lea was n't trying to hide her confusion , and luisa noticed that . 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 she looks confused . 
 wait , does that mean that she threw that punch without thinking ? 
 then , what am i doing so far away from her ? 
 i have to attack before she gets her bearings ! '' 
 thought luisa and rushed in , which caused lea to prepare herself for the attack . 
 luisa attacked with a right straight , which lea ducked . 
 luisa did n't stop there and continued to throw a barrage of punches , but none of them was landing . 
 lea made it hard to hit her because she started to weave around while keeping her peek-a-boo guard . 
 `` what was with those memories ? 
 what do they have in common ? 
 am i getting to something ? '' 
 it was hard for lea to think about it , especially when she had to focus on dodging all of luisa 's punches . 
 lea did n't even attempted to land a single punch on luisa , knowing that it would n't stop her . 
 luisa attempted to blow the guard with a big punch , but lea used it to escape from the ropes . 
 unfortunately , lea does n't go far because she was still recovering from losing consciousness . 
 lea used the small moment of peace to think about the memories in her head . 
 it did n't take long for luisa to catch up to lea and interrupt her thoughts with a barrage of punches . 
 `` dammit , i almost got it . 
 i just need time to think clearly . '' 
 lea 's wish was granted because the bell ringed and the referee stopped the boxers . 
 the third round was over and both boxers headed to their corners . 
 `` i almost had her , if she had n't run away i would 've had her . 
 no matter , there 's no way i 'm going to lose , the next round is where i 'll finish it . '' 
 thought luisa out of frustration as she arrived to her corner . 
 lea arrived to her corner , but she dropped to the stool , and the seconds did n't like that . 
 lea was severely damaged and tired . 
 to make it worse , her face was bloodied from the nose , mouth , and the left eye was swollen shut . 
 `` this is bad , lea might not survive the next round , and considering how it looked in the previous one , she might lose by points . 
 chica , what do you think ? 
 do you want to call it quits ? '' 
 asked alonso , who was worried for lea 's safety , but he noticed something on lea 's face . 
 he could see that lea was thinking on something . 
 `` what is it ? 
 you got something on your mind ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 all that i remember are little things . '' 
 answered lea , who was deep in thought . 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` well , one is what you said , about punches coming from the tail . 
 then , i remember a bottle been thrown to hilda . 
 then ... '' that was the part where lea started to think harder . 
 `` then what ? '' 
 alonso was n't completely sure where lea was getting to . 
 `` trying to catch a frisbee . 
 i remembered that when i lost some of my consciousness . '' 
 `` a frisbee ? 
 more like hitting with a right straight . 
 i do n't know if you were punched too many times or just going crazy . '' 
 that information got lea 's attention . 
 `` wait , i punched with a right straight ? '' 
 `` yeah , you do n't remember , huh ? 
 luisa was throwing a right straight , but you countered with a right straight of your own . '' 
 after hearing that from alonso , something dawned on lea 's head . 
 her mind started to put everything together , which took only moments to do . 
 lea put a new attack on her mind , which was a simple thing , but it might be enough to defeat luisa . 
 alonso could see that on lea 's face . 
 `` you got something , did n't you ? '' 
 `` yeah , i just thought of it . 
 i do n't know if it will work , but at this point , i 'm willing to try anything . '' 
 `` well , now is the time to put it to the test . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 the next round is where everything is going to end . '' 
 lea had to finish it in the next round and quickly because she was close to reaching her limit . 
 luisa 's corner was in a better mood than in lea 's corner . 
 `` that was a good round , you we 're definitely in control of it . 
 the next one is going to be the decisive round , i 'm sure of it . '' 
 said george , who was confident of a victory . 
 `` yeah , but that counter actually hurt . 
 i did n't expect an attack like that from her . '' 
 said luisa , whose damage was n't visible , but she was also bleeding in certain areas and swelling was visible on her face . 
 other than that , luisa could keep fighting . 
 `` i agree , but it must have been out of desperation , it wo n't come again . 
 how are you feeling ? 
 do you still feel the effects of the counter ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm alright now . 
 i should be ready by the time the next round starts . '' 
 `` glad to hear that . 
 for the next round , do not let specter rest . 
 just focus on the attack and you should be the victor . '' 
 george preferred winning by ko because he knew that decisions could n't be trusted . 
 `` all right , i understand how unreliable the judges can be sometimes . 
 i 'll make sure to end it in the next round . 
 it 's for the best , any longer and it would turn ugly . 
 i give my respects to you , specter , you 're the first of my opponents to have made me come this far . 
 for that , i 'll make sure to give you a quick end . '' 
 both boxers spent the rest of the minute to rest and plan their attacks . 
 the seconds were doing their best to close any wounds and help their boxers recover . 
 the minute ended and the announcer ordered the seconds to leave the ring . 
 lea got up from the stool and put her mouthpiece on . 
 `` did you finish it ? '' 
 asked alonso . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 answered lea . 
 `` all right , good luck , chica . '' 
 `` thanks , coach . '' 
 all the seconds left the ring , leaving only the referee and the boxers . 
 the air had become heavy in the arena . 
 no one in the audience knew who was going to make the first move , but they knew that the match was going to end with a ko . 
 both boxers prepared themselves for anything in the next round and waited for the bell . 
 they did n't have to wait long because the bell ringed . 
 luisa came out of her corner and started to slowly head towards lea . 
 luisa wanted to see where lea was going to move , so that luisa could trap lea and finish her off . 
 lea also came out of her corner and put her usual peek-a-boo guard . 
 after leaving enough space between her and the corner , she stopped and kept her position . 
 what got alonso 's attention , was lea pulling her tail forward and putting it in a tight zigzag pattern . 
 lea was prepared to unleash her new attack . 
 she was just waiting for luisa to be at punching distance . 
 luisa was moving slowly , but she noticed something different in lea , but luisa was n't quite sure what it was . 
 either way , she kept moving forward , reached the center of the ring , and stopped . 
 lea could n't move too fast with her tail in that pattern , but she could still move and she did . 
 lea came closer and closer to luisa , and stopped . 
 `` this is it . 
 this is the distance , this is the moment of truth , and it all comes to this last punch . 
 i hope that 's enough . '' 
 thought lea . 
 `` what 's going on with specter ? 
 she 's been too slow , is she planning something ? 
 i better be ready for anything . '' 
 thought luisa . 
 she started to concentrate and waited to see what lea was going to do . 
 luisa did n't have to wait long because lea unleashed her move . 
 without warning , lea launched herself towards luisa , which caught luisa by surprise . 
 luisa tried to move , but lea was going too fast . 
 lea landed a right straight on luisa 's face . 
 the punch was strong enough to force luisa to move back . 
 lea felt the feedback and believed that it was enough to hurt luisa , no matter how tough she was . 
 to lea 's surprise , luisa did n't fall . 
 she recovered her balance and kept standing . 
 `` i-i do n't believe it . 
 that was my best punch , i felt it . '' 
 lea started to lose confidence . 
 she put her hopes in that one punch , but it seem to have failed . 
 after taking the punch , luisa look straight at lea . 
 she was expecting luisa to try to end what was left of lea , but it did n't happen . 
 luisa just stood there looking at lea , which got the referee 's attention . 
 the referee told lea to stop and inspected luisa , which did n't take long . 
 the referee put his arms in the air and crossed them . 
 the bell ringed , which declared the end of the match . 
 lea let her mouth hang open because she could n't believe what just happened . 
 alonso and fergus got into the ring and headed towards lea , who was breathing heavily . 
 `` so that was your new attack , pull the tail as close as possible . 
 then , use the entire strength of the tail to launch yourself forward , creating higher acceleration , force , and adding your entire weight in your punch . 
 a simple , yet effective attack . 
 not even luisa could have endured such a heavy punch . '' 
 said alonso , who was surprised by the new attack . 
 after alonso said that , lea started to collapse , but alonso caught her and put her right arm around his shoulders . 
 `` whoa , careful there . '' 
 `` did i win ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` did i actually win the match ? 
 really ? '' 
 `` yeah , you did it , chica . 
 you won the match , look . '' 
 alonso pointed at luisa . 
 lea took a look and saw luisa been carried away by her seconds . 
 `` so , i really won . '' 
 `` yup , can you slide ? '' 
 lea checked her tail by moving it a little bit . 
 `` yeah , i should be able to move around on my own . '' 
 `` all right , let 's go . '' 
 at alonso 's order , everyone left the ring under the applause of the audience , congratulating such a tremendous fight between those two boxers . 
 hilda , alinda , and salena were amazed by what just happened . 
 they did n't expect lea to use a new attack to win the match . 
 `` that was an interesting sunday punch . '' 
 said hilda with a smile on her face . 
 `` i do n't know about that been a sunday punch , but i 'm glad that she won . '' 
 said alinda , who felt her anxiety leave her body . 
 `` but that was so awesome ! 
 she just launched herself , punched her , and won with a ko ! 
 a ko against luisa ! '' 
 said salena with wonder in her eyes . 
 `` we should put a name to it . '' 
 said hilda as if it was a duty . 
 `` like what ? '' 
 asked alinda . 
 `` how about , super punch ? '' 
 suggested salena . 
 `` does n't sound right , how about the tornado punch ? '' 
 suggested alinda . 
 `` does n't look like one . '' 
 said hilda and returned to her deep thoughts . 
 they all start to think about the form , the effect , anything that could give them a good name . 
 `` wait , i got it ! 
 how about ` spear strike ' ? '' 
 salena and alinda start thinking about that name . 
 after thinking for a few moments , they accepted the name . 
 `` spear strike it is . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` and ... it sounds cool . '' 
 said salena . 
 `` well , let 's go and see lea . '' 
 after hilda said that , they all got up from their seats and start heading straight to lea . 
 lea was resting in the medical room . 
 she was waiting for a medical staff to check her up for any dangerous injuries and heal any minor injury . 
 the doctor arrived and started to examine lea . 
 while the doctor was giving lea an examination , hilda and the rest entered the room . 
 they entered right on time to see the doctor patching lea and announce that she was ready to leave at any moment . 
 after that , lea and her friends went to the locker room , so that she could change back into her street clothes . 
 lea entered the locker room , while her friends waited outside . 
 once lea was done changing , she got out of the locker room and found that alonso and fergus were waiting with lea 's friends . 
 with no other business in the building , lea 's group started to head for the exit . 
 on the way , hilda , alinda , and salena announced the new name for lea 's attack . 
 `` so , we named lea 's attack , spear strike . '' 
 said hilda . 
 `` hmm , it has a good ring to it . '' 
 said alonso . 
 `` i agree . 
 it really suits the way the attack looks . '' 
 said lea , who was thankful that she did n't need to think of a name for it . 
 `` does n't it ? '' 
 asked salena , who was glad that everyone liked it . 
 after salena said that , lea stopped suddenly and said . 
 `` oh , uh , can you guys wait for me outside ? 
 i got to use the restroom . '' 
 `` all right , do n't take too long . '' 
 said alonso and the group continued on their to leave the building , while lea went straight to the restroom . 
 along the way , lea bumped with an unexpected person . 
 `` luisa ?! '' 
 `` oh , specter , hey there . '' 
 greeted luisa with a smile . 
 `` um , hey , h-how are you feeling ? '' 
 lea started to feel awkward by meeting the person that she just fought . 
 `` me ? 
 i 'm fine , nothing serious with me , but you can never be too sure . '' 
 luisa did n't sound worried . 
 `` y-yeah . '' 
 luisa could see that lea was been too timid with her . 
 what 's with that answer ? 
 feeling bad that you defeated me ? '' 
 `` well ... '' `` do n't worry about it . 
 i ca n't say that i feel happy about the result , but i do n't have anything against you . 
 it was a fair match , plain and simple . '' 
 `` o-okay . 
 so , you 're heading home ? '' 
 `` yup , someone is waiting for me back home , so i ca n't take too long . '' 
 luisa smiled after thinking about the person who was waiting for her . 
 `` oh , then , have a good night . '' 
 `` you too . '' 
 luisa started to leave , but stopped and turned towards lea . 
 `` i just ... i want you to do me a favor . '' 
 lea could hear some seriousness in luisa 's tone . 
 `` uh , yeah , of course . '' 
 `` do n't lose . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 lea did n't expected that . 
 `` hey , if you lose in the next match , is going to really hurt . 
 if you keep winning , i can feel better about losing against you . 
 so , keep winning , okay ? '' 
 asked luisa with a friendly smile . 
 `` y-yeah , i wo n't lose . '' 
 luisa could see that lea never thought of that . 
 `` well , take care . '' 
 luisa turned around and continued to leave the building . 
 lea kept looking at luisa 's back , but she remembered that she needed to use the restroom and headed straight to it . 
 luisa was on her way back home . 
 while on the way , she started to think about what to do . 
 luisa knew that she could n't use the excuse that she was naturally made for light heavyweight , not middleweight . 
 she thought of starting from a lower weight division and she did n't regret her choice . 
 with that loss , luisa decided to move to the light heavyweight division . 
 with that issue over , all luisa had to think about was an excuse as to why she had a broken nose . 
 the swelling was going to take a while to go down , so she could n't hide it . 
 either way , she was sure to come up with something , probably work related or something else . 
 the next day , lea was ordered to take a few days off , so that she could recover from the injuries sustained in the previous match . 
 also , to go and get a doctor to check her for any brain damage , since she took many blows to the head . 
 lea did that in the morning because she did n't have anything special to do and wanted get it out of the way . 
 lea went to the doctor , got checked up , and informed that she showed no signs of brain damage . 
 after lea was done with that , she headed back to the gym . 
 lea entered the gym and heard some heavy punches , which got her attention . 
 `` what 's with those sounds ? 
 they 're really loud to be normal . '' 
 lea looked around and found hilda punching the bag . 
 lea wondered if there was something wrong with hilda . 
 lea looked around , found salena doing some weights , and headed straight to her . 
 `` hey , salena . '' 
 `` oh , hey , lea . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 greeted salena with her usual cheerfulness . 
 `` is something wrong with hilda ? '' 
 asked lea with worry in her voice . 
 `` not really , why do you ask ? '' 
 `` ca n't you hear her punches ? 
 i think i could hear them all the way to my apartment . '' 
 `` oh , that , she 's more than okay , she only gets like that when she has a match . '' 
 `` a match ? 
 she has a match ? '' 
 lea did n't remember the last time that hilda had a match . 
 `` yeah , i think she received the news a few hours ago . '' 
 `` no wonder she 's going at it with that much enthusiasm . '' 
 `` well , i 've seen her train before , but i do n't remember hilda go at it like that . '' 
 `` do you think that there might be something important about this match ? '' 
 `` that could be a good reason , but i know that hilda is going to win in any case . '' 
 `` me too . 
 well , if nothing 's wrong , i 'll head back to my apartment . '' 
 lea was relieved after hearing that explanation . 
 `` oh , hey , how did it go with the doctor ? 
 is everything okay ? '' 
 `` yeah , nothing serious . 
 the doctor said that i should just rest for a few days and i 'll be as good as new . '' 
 `` cool , then i wo n't keep you . 
 i hope you feel better tomorrow . '' 
 `` thanks , good luck in your training . '' 
 with that said , lea went to her apartment and salena continued with her training . 
 the day went by and lea spent it resting . 
 after a few days , lea was fully recovered and ready to go back to work . 
 the next day , lea was working in the gym , until she was greeted by hilda . 
 `` hey , lass . '' 
 greeted hilda with a wave of her hand . 
 `` oh , good morning , hilda . '' 
 greeted lea with a smile . 
 `` how are you doing today ? '' 
 `` i feel better after a few days of rest . '' 
 `` good to hear that , sorry i have n't talk much . 
 i 've been ... kind of out of it . '' 
 hilda felt a little guilty . 
 `` oh no , do n't worry about it , everything is okay . '' 
 `` great , and guess what , i have some news of my own . '' 
 lea could see that it was something wonderful for hilda . 
 `` about your match , right ? 
 salena told me you got a match coming up . 
 i wish you the best of luck . '' 
 `` well , that was n't exactly it , but since you bring it up , i 'm going to explain something about this match . '' 
 `` explain what ? '' 
 `` well , if i win this match , i 'll be the next msnabf -lrb- multi-species north american boxing federation -rrb- champion . '' 
 `` really ? 
 that 's amazing ! '' 
 `` says the one who was a world champion . '' 
 said hilda with playful sarcasm , but lea took it seriously and started to feel bad about it . 
 `` uh , no ... that 's not - '' `` i 'm just messing with you , do n't worry about it . 
 just you wait , lass , i 'll be the next world champion . '' 
 lea was glad to know that hilda was n't offended . 
 `` i 'm sure you 'll succeed . '' 
 `` count on it . 
 well , i better go and do my workouts . 
 i have to be ready for my next match . '' 
 lea could see that hilda was motivated . 
 `` okay . '' 
 with that , they both return to what they were doing . 
 lea continued with her work in the gym , and then , she was called by alonso . 
 `` chica , come to my office . '' 
 ordered alonso from the door of his office . 
 `` okay . '' 
 said lea . 
 then , she stopped what she was doing and headed to the office . 
 once she got inside , she could see alonso seated behind his desk . 
 alfred was n't around that time , so she slid in front of alonso and waited for him to talk . 
 `` we have found information on your next opponent . '' 
 said alonso with complete seriousness . 
 `` really ? 
 who is it ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` her name is karen carter , with 4 victories , all ko , and no defeats . 
 she 's an in-fighter , if we can actually call it that . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` well , i think it would be best to show you , instead of just telling you . '' 
 alonso picked up the remote and started the dvd in the tv . 
 the dvd started by showing the entire ring . 
 then , the camera focused on a lamia , who surprised lea . 
 the lamia had such a beautiful face . 
 her skin was a pale white , but not the type that lea had seen before . 
 the lamia 's skin was maintained carefully , like a model , and her hair was a beautiful golden blond , picked up in a bun . 
 considering the bun , her hair might be back-length , and some strands of hair appear to have a wavy look on them . 
 her eyes were amber , a little close to the color of her hair . 
 lea had never seen a lamia like her and can not believe that someone like her would pick boxing of all the sports out there . 
 `` coach , is she really a boxer ? 
 it 's just ... hard to believe . '' 
 said lea , who was having a hard time believing that a boxer like that existed . 
 `` you 're going to be reminded that looks are n't everything in boxing . '' 
 after alonso said that , lea simply continued to watching the match . 
 karen 's opponent had olive skin tone , dark brown eyes , and brown hair . 
 it was obvious that she had built a strong body . 
 karen was completely different , her body was n't showing that much muscle . 
 the bell ringed and both boxers came out of their corners . 
 something caught lea 's attention , which was karen 's stance . 
 karen 's opponent was throwing jabs , showing her out-boxing style , but they were easily avoided . 
 karen 's movement were fluid and graceful , something that could catch the eyes of anyone watching . 
 karen quickly followed the return of the jab and entered in an in-fight distance , which was a troublesome distance for an out-boxer . 
 karen 's opponent tried to create distance , but she was n't allowed by something completely unexpected . 
 karen started to move differently , moves that were n't usual in a boxing match , and started attacking with strange punches . 
 she used uppercuts and hooks , but the movements seemed different . 
 her opponent kept her eyes on karen and did n't see the right hand coming to the side of the opponent 's head . 
 the punch landed and the opponent tried to attack with a left jab . 
 karen dodged by turning left and bending back to an unbelievable angle . 
 then , karen attacked with a right uppercut to the opponent 's chin . 
 another clean hit , but that was a good opportunity for the opponent to attack , especially since karen bent to an angle that was difficult to recover from . 
 the opponent attacked with a downward right , aiming at karen 's face , but karen did another unexpected move . 
 karen spun in that position , stood upright , and punched the opponent with a left hook to her head . 
 the attack made the opponent go down , the referee stopped karen , and sent her to a neutral corner . 
 the referee checked the downed boxer , taking only a few moments to declare the match over and karen the victor . 
 the office was quiet , except for the tv still playing the dvd of the match . 
 lea 's expression was n't one of shock or surprise , but confusion . 
 `` without a doubt , that was a very strange way to in-fight , but here are the results of the match . '' 
 said alonso , who was n't showing any surprise because he already saw the video . 
 `` she won the match with only three hits , and those moves . 
 where did she learn that ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` well , there 's a little story behind that . 
 as far as alfred managed to find out about her , she was a previous dancer . 
 of what type , we do n't know , but she left dancing for some reason and picked up boxing . 
 ever since then , karen had been winning . '' 
 `` wait , so she 's basically ... '' lea could n't believe what she was about to say . 
 `` that 's right . 
 she 's using dancing moves to fight . 
 this is the first time i hear , and actually see , such a thing . 
 i do n't want to make you nervous , but i 'm not so sure how to handle this one . '' 
 `` no matter , i 'm not giving up after getting this far . '' 
 lea was determined to win . 
 `` my thoughts are exactly the same , we 'll think of something later . 
 for now , focus on the basics , your match will be in two months . '' 
 `` all right , i 'm ready for this . '' 
 lea 's confidence did n't wavered . 
 with hard work and good thinking , she was sure to find some way to defeat that deadly dancer of the ring . 
 chapter 13 : searching for passion a week had passed since lea watched karen 's match , and no one had been able to find a clue on how to defeat karen . 
 her style was so out of the normal standard , that not even alonso knew how to deal with her . 
 lea had watched the videos over and over , but could n't find anything . 
 also , lea had been wondering about why karen left dancing . 
 `` was she tired of it ? 
 then , why pick something so dangerous ? '' 
 thought lea , but decided to drop it because it would n't help her in the upcoming match . 
 while lifting weights , she was approached by alonso , which made lea stop with her exercises . 
 lea was about to put the weights down , but was stopped by alonso . 
 `` you do n't need to stop . '' 
 said alonso and lea continued with the weights . 
 `` now , i have been thinking about your next opponent and i have thought of something that could help you . '' 
 that got lea 's attention . 
 `` really , what is it ? '' 
 lea was willing to do anything at that moment . 
 `` well , the only thing i could think of is that you get the pace as soon as you can . '' 
 alonso hoped to say more , but that was it . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 do i just go and start attacking ? '' 
 `` is pretty much the best we can hope for . 
 she 's fighting in such an unorthodox way that makes my experience pretty useless . '' 
 `` i see . 
 so that 's why you want me to beat her to the punch . '' 
 `` exactly , getting the pace is very crucial in any match , especially in this one . 
 so , keep training the tail , and we 're going to add exercises for the back muscles . '' 
 `` my back ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` the back muscles help you recover your punches . 
 if you recover your punches faster , then you can keep throwing them over and over . 
 if we are lucky , then at least one of them would land on her '' `` i see . 
 i 'll do my best . '' 
 `` i know you will , you always do , chica . '' 
 that was one of the things that alonso liked about lea . 
 after alonso said that , he instructed lea on how to train the back muscles and left her to it . 
 in another gym , there was music playing from a small stereo on the floor . 
 close to the stereo , there was a speed bag that was been punched around by a lamia . 
 every hit and dodge followed the music from the stereo . 
 a beat went , and the bag was punched , another beat went and it was dodged , she punched and dodged according to the music . 
 moving as if she was dancing with the bag , but this was no ordinary dance . 
 the aim of the movements was to cause damage while avoiding damage . 
 what was easy to see from up close , was that she moved by spinning around , like in ballet or in waltz . 
 she used which ever she needed to dodge any type of attack . 
 the lamia 's movements were mesmerizing and got the attention of many members of the boxing gym . 
 from both male and female , human and inter-species people . 
 that was kind of a problem , since it was distracting them from their workouts . 
 however , it was something minor , so it was welcomed . 
 `` hey , karen , you 're moving more lively than usual , feel like sharing ? '' 
 said a voice behind the karen , which made her turn around to see the person face to face . 
 `` oh , good day , coach . '' 
 karen greeted the female sphinx in front of her with an elegant smile . 
 the sphinx had dark brown skin , back-length black hair in a ponytail , and green eyes . 
 the sphinxes could be considered a type of werecat , but they did n't share the characteristics of any cat . 
 sphinxes were half-human , half-lion . 
 they had lion ears on top of their heads , tail , and eyes . 
 the easiest way to tell who was female and who was male , was that the males had some kind of mane around their heads , while the female lack any type of mane . 
 they also shared the fur that covered their hands to their elbows and from their feet to their knees . 
 as much as they were majestic looking creatures , they were also dangerous , possessing the strength of a lion , and the sharp claws in their hands . 
 that was what separated them from the werecats , who lacked claws , but the sphinxes lacked the werecats flexibility and agility . 
 in ancient times , the sphinxes were revered in egypt as benevolent entities that protected temples and tombs . 
 in greece , they were considered monsters that would eat a person if the person did n't answer a riddle , which was wrong . 
 they lived close to temples because they thought that no one would go to an abandoned temple or the tomb of someone already dead . 
 also , they used riddles to keep any potential spy or enemy from their settlements . 
 they created riddles for themselves as passwords to enter their settlements . 
 in modern times , they were normal citizens who have spread out throughout the world and have entered in many fields . 
 surprisingly enough , some preferred security jobs because of their physical capabilities and , who many believed , their instinct to be a ` guardian ' . 
 `` does it really look like that ? '' 
 asked karen , who was too focused to notice . 
 `` it does , is it because of your opponent ? '' 
 asked the sphinx . 
 `` probably . 
 compared to my other opponents , there 's something different in her , something that the others did n't have . '' 
 `` let me guess , ` passion ' . '' 
 the sphinx made quotation marks with her hands . 
 `` they all had passion , the passion that i seek , but her passion is different . 
 it 's not just for the sport , but there 's something else , i can feel it every time i see one of her matches . '' 
 `` then i do n't need to worry about you underestimating her , especially after she defeated luisa . '' 
 the sphinx had seen the videos and she could tell that lea 's punches have insane power . 
 `` indeed , a boxer that could defeat such a resilient boxer , will surely put a marvelous performance . 
 you have my deepest gratitude , ruth . 
 you have given me the chance to dance with such a splendid partner . '' 
 responded karen with excitement in her voice . 
 after karen said that , she returned to working on the speed bag . 
 the sphinx decided not to disturb karen any longer and left her working on the speed bag . 
 `` i do n't know if she notice , but she can get a little scary when she talks like that . '' 
 ruth still considered it crazy for someone like karen to be looking for passion in such a brutal sport . 
 it had been a year since karen started training , but she did something different before becoming a boxer . 
 karen was a renowned dancer of many types of dances , from waltz to tango . 
 she even danced with different dance partners , both male and female , which made many wonder if she was bisexual . 
 karen answered by saying that she loved people who had passion . 
 over time , she won many competitions in many cities and countries . 
 one day , she decided to quit dancing , feeling that there was no passion for the art of dancing . 
 all the competition and the people , especially the people , were taking the passion away from the art , so she decided to leave it . 
 weeks passed and karen lived a normal life , enjoying some peace and quiet with the money she had won over her career as a dancer . 
 one day , she was watching the tv and , by accident , put a channel that was showing a boxing match . 
 karen was about to change the channel , but considering that she had nothing better to see , she might as well see what it was all about . 
 by coincidence , it was a title match and karen was watching the start of it . 
 karen did n't know anything about boxing , but as she was watching , it started to get her full attention . 
 it was the passion that the boxers were showing , their passion towards the belt , the passion that they put in each punch . 
 it had been a while since karen had felt something like that and decided to give it a try . 
 when karen started boxing , it came as a shock because no one expected a previous dancer to enter the brutal world of boxing . 
 many tried to dissuade karen , but she kept going on her search for passion . 
 many gyms did n't want to take her in because they thought that a dancer would n't last long in the ring . 
 ruth was the only one who took karen and trained her . 
 in her debut match , karen blew away any doubt about her skills as a boxer . 
 she used her dancing moves to dodge and attack in angles that no one expected . 
 with every victory , karen started gaining the reputation as the most graceful boxer , and she also earned the nickname of ` the dancing fist ' . 
 that rising popularity was making many boxing gyms regret not taking her in when they had the chance . 
 after so many opponents , karen was going to fight one of the most intriguing opponents she ever had . 
 a fighter with a passion that no fighter had shown her before : specter . 
 `` i ca n't wait , i really ca n't ' wait for our match , it would be one of the best performances that i have ever been part of . 
 do not disappoint me , specter , because i 'll be ready for you . '' 
 the excitement was getting hard to resist for karen and she punched the speed bag with all the strength that she had . 
 another week had gone by and lea had kept her training . 
 she managed to increase the strength in the back muscles and the tail , which was the main part of her body that the spear strike relied on . 
 lea had been watching the videos over and over about karen 's match , but she could n't find anything useful . 
 `` how can i beat her ? 
 she 's obviously an in-fighter , but she seems to be used to moving around the opponent . 
 and those spinning and turning moves are going to make her hard to hit . '' 
 thought lea . 
 she decided to leave it for the moment and focused on her workout . 
 she was lifting some weights with her tail , but decided to stop and work on the sandbag . 
 lea put her gloves on and started to punch the sandbag . 
 she kept going for a while and started to notice something . 
 she recovered the punch faster than before , making her capable of throwing more punches at a faster rate . 
 lea was throwing so many punches at such a fast rate , that it did n't give the sandbag a chance to settle . 
 lea kept going for a few minutes , and also noticed that she could throw an endless amount of punches for an entire round . 
 while training , she was told to take a break and sat in one of the benches . 
 while she was resting , she started to think about her next opponent , but she remembered something else . 
 lea needed to buy groceries . 
 she was running low on food , so she needed to go to the store . 
 the next day was her day off from training and work , so she was going to take that day to go and buy what she needed . 
 the next day , lea left the gym and went to the store , as she had planned yesterday . 
 unfortunately , it was n't close to the gym , so she had to take the bus . 
 lea got off to the nearest shopping area and headed to the nearest store . 
 she was going to buy only the essentials , since she was trying to save as much as she could to help julie and the kids . 
 of course , she could n't buy a lot of groceries because she did n't know how to cook . 
 she only bought stuff that was easy to make or was already made . 
 since she had to eat healthy , she only bought healthy food and drinks . 
 while sliding in the area , a building to her right got her attention , so she stopped and looked through the window . 
 it turned out to be a dance studio giving a class . 
 lea did n't know much about dancing , but the class was teaching how to dance a waltz . 
 at that moment , the instructor was giving lessons to both human and inter-specie kids that had legs . 
 she was n't teaching them all at the same time because it was different how a person with two legs danced than one who had more legs or none . 
 there was no music playing because they were new to waltz . 
 while looking around the studio , she found the person she least expected in the building . 
 `` julie !? '' 
 thought lea , but for some reason , julie reacted to something and looked towards the window . 
 it did n't take long for julie to realize that it was lea and waved at her . 
 then , julie got up from her seat and got out of the studio . 
 `` lea ! 
 is good to see you ! '' 
 julie gave lea a hug , which she did n't return quickly because julie grabbed lea by surprise . 
 after a moment , julie let go and looked at lea . 
 `` how have you been ? '' 
 julie had a big smile on her face , which made lea smile in return . 
 `` good , very good lately . 
 what about you and the kids ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` we 've been doing great . 
 everything is going as peaceful as always . '' 
 `` it 's always great to hear that , what brings you here ? '' 
 `` oh , some of the kids like dancing , so we take them here . '' 
 `` that sounds nice . '' 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 `` i was actually going to the store . '' 
 `` oh , sorry to keep you , maybe we can talk more after you 're done . '' 
 `` do n't worry about it , it can wait . '' 
 lea never took long when she was shopping . 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 `` yeah yeah , no problem . '' 
 `` that 's great , want to come in and see the class ? 
 i 'm sure some of the kids would like to see you . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 they went inside the studio and took a seat close to each other . 
 just like julie said , many of the kids recognized lea and greeted her , especially one little girl that she met at julie 's house . 
 `` hello , lea . '' 
 lea heard a familiar little voice . 
 `` jenny , how are you ? '' 
 asked lea , who was happy to see the shy arachne . 
 `` i 'm fine , i 'm happy to see you , lea . '' 
 answered jenny with a smile . 
 `` i 'm happy to see you too . 
 do you like dancing ? '' 
 `` i like watching it , i think is pretty . '' 
 answered jenny as she looked at the dancers . 
 `` it is ? '' 
 lea never paid attention to dancing , so she would n't know about it . 
 `` yeah , have you danced before ? '' 
 jenny looked at lea with curiosity in her eyes . 
 `` not really . '' 
 lea started to rub the back of her head , feeling a little embarrassed about it . 
 `` do n't worry , julie does n't know either . '' 
 after jenny said that , lea turned her head towards julie with curiosity in her eyes . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` yeah , not that i do n't like it , i just i did n't have the time to learn . '' 
 answered julie , who had been listening to the whole conversation . 
 `` i understand . '' 
 responded lea , knowing what julie was talking about . 
 after that , they started to have small talk with each other . 
 sometimes they would include jenny while the class was going . 
 of course , they were been quiet about it , not wanting to disturb the class . 
 after the class with the two-legged students was over , the instructor was going to start with mixed partners , those with two legs and those with no legs . 
 before starting the class , the instructor approached lea and julie . 
 `` excuse me , could i ask a favor from you two ? '' 
 asked the human instructor and both , lea and julie , nod their heads . 
 `` yeah , on what ? '' 
 asked julie , who was always happy to help . 
 `` you see , i need help in giving a demonstration on how to appropriately dance in mixed couples , but i do n't have enough help right now . 
 could you help me demonstrate ? 
 it wo n't take too long and it wo n't be difficult moves , just the basic ones . '' 
 after the instructor was done explaining , both lea and julie looked at each other . 
 since it was for the kid 's class , they both agreed to do it . 
 `` okay , we 'll help . '' 
 said lea , who was always happy to help the kids . 
 `` great , now follow me . '' 
 after the instructor said that , they both got up from their seats . 
 `` wait , do we need to wear something ? '' 
 asked julie . 
 `` just some dancing shoes for you , we can lend you some . 
 as for your friend , nothing is required . '' 
 that was because lea did n't have legs . 
 `` lucky . '' 
 julie said to lea with a smile , and lea could hear the playful tone in julie 's voice . 
 `` well ... if it 's any consolation , i 'm more at risk of been stepped on than you . '' 
 joked lea with a smile of her own , which got a giggle out of julie . 
 after that , julie got her shoes on and went to the dancing floor with lea and the instructor . 
 `` okay , i know some of you are n't comfortable to dance with a partner of another species , especially with one who does n't have legs , but do not worry . 
 all you need is the right movements . 
 these good ladies will give a demonstration of basic movements . 
 now , take these positions , like this . '' 
 said the instructor and started to put lea and julie in a ball position . 
 lea was the lead , mostly because she was taller than julie . 
 once they were in position , the instructor started giving simple steps , mostly moving side to side , movements that beginners would use . 
 `` that 's it , is not that difficult , is it ? 
 feel the rhythm , that 's one of the most important things in dancing . '' 
 lea and julie kept going on with the demonstration . 
 `` you know , this is n't so hard . '' 
 said lea in relief . 
 `` you 're right , is actually fun . '' 
 after julie said that , they continued with the basic steps . 
 then , the instructor clapped her hands and asked for them to stop . 
 `` now students , take positions and let 's begin with your lesson . 
 just like my assistants , we 'll begin with the basics . '' 
 said the instructor . 
 again , lea and julie start with the basic steps , and the rest of the students followed their example . 
 they keep going for a while , repeating the steps over and over for the kids . 
 then , the instructor called it to a stop and announced a new movement , which was spinning the partner . 
 the instructor showed how it should be done to lea and julie , which they show it to the other students . 
 `` that 's it , with experience you can do it without any difficulty , but it will help even more when there is trust between the lead and the follow . 
 now , let 's try it everyone . '' 
 just like the example , the students tried to spin the following partner , which went slower than lea and julie . 
 `` just to let you know , i would n't let you fall . '' 
 lea said quietly to julie . 
 `` i know you would n't , i trust you already . '' 
 julie answered just as quietly as lea , and both smiled at each other . 
 the instructor asked them to stop their movement . 
 `` now , we will put everything together with music . 
 do not worry , it will be an easy dance , all you need is the basic moves that we just learned . 
 now , just moving is not enough , you must flow with the music , feel the music , express that feeling with your dance . 
 let 's begin . '' 
 said the instructor . 
 the instructor went to the stereo on the floor and turned it on . 
 the stereo started to play ball music and everyone tried to flow with the music . 
 the dance was a simple one , starting by moving side to side , turning slowly . 
 then , every once in a while , they try spinning their partners , but some failed to do it successfully . 
 fortunately , they did n't let it discourage them , they simply keep going with the most simple steps . 
 lea and julie were dancing along with everyone else , but they were n't paying attention . 
 there were focused on each other , not taking their eyes from the other . 
 the moment was cut short by the instructor , who announced the end of the class . 
 everyone stopped their dance and payed attention to the instructor . 
 `` okay everyone , that 's it for today , come back next time for the next class . '' 
 after the instructor said that , the instructor headed to lea and julie , while the students started to gather their things . 
 `` thank you for your help . '' 
 `` no problem , i 'm sure some of the kids would like to comeback for your classes . '' 
 answered julie . 
 they all say their goodbyes and the kids were taken to the van they used . 
 `` okay , everyone is here , get on the van in order . '' 
 ordered julie and the kids got in the van . 
 jenny went straight to lea . 
 `` thank you for coming . '' 
 jenny thanked lea with a smile . 
 `` oh , no problem , it was more of a coincidence , to be honest . '' 
 said lea . 
 `` would you visit us someday ? '' 
 asked jenny with hope in her eyes . 
 `` of course , i 'll pay you guys a visit another time , i promise . '' 
 answered lea with a smile . 
 `` pinky promise ? '' 
 jenny presented her pinky finger to lea . 
 lea smiled and grabbed jenny 's pinky finger with her own pinky finger , which made jenny smile . 
 `` pinky promise . '' 
 after that , they let go of their pinkies and jenny got in the van . 
 `` jenny seems to like you a lot . 
 is she the one who gave you the scarf ? '' 
 asked julie , who was watching from afar . 
 in her opinion , it was an adorable scene . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` well , i got to take them back to the house , i had a good time . '' 
 `` me too , i 'm glad i saw you through the window . '' 
 julie grabbed lea in a hug . 
 `` take care of yourself . '' 
 lea hugged back and patted julie 's back . 
 `` you too . '' 
 they let go of each other and julie got in her van . 
 julie drove off while giving a last good-bye to lea , who went back on her way to the store . 
 while on the way , lea contemplated her time dancing with julie . 
 `` it sure was fun . 
 now that i think about it , i do n't remember julie hugging me , not even holding hands for that long . 
 i wonder if - ? '' 
 lea started to realize something . 
 `` wait a moment , dancing ? 
 dancing ... like karen , she dances . 
 what was important in dancing ? 
 come on , remember ... remember what it was ? '' 
 then , it hit her , something that could help against karen and her movements . 
 `` that 's it ! 
 i got it ! 
 the rhythm ! 
 if i find karen 's rhythm , i can follow her unusual movements , but how can i find it ? '' 
 lea have never seen karen dance , but lea realized that she could find out what dances karen mostly used . 
 unfortunately , lea did n't have internet in her apartment because she did n't want to spend the money that she won for julie and the kids monthly . 
 `` good thing that the coach has a computer in his office , if i tell him what i 'm searching for , then i 'm sure he 'll let me use it . '' 
 with that plan in mind , lea headed to the store , grabbed what she needed , and went back to the gym . 
 lea arrived at the gym and headed straight to her apartment . 
 alinda notice lea and tried to greet her . 
 `` hello lea , how - '' said alinda , but did n't get to finish because lea simply kept sliding and went into her apartment . 
 `` what happened there ? '' 
 asked alinda to no one in particular . 
 lea got into her apartment , put her groceries in their place and headed down to the gym to look for alonso . 
 fortunately , he was helping another boxer at the moment , so she headed straight to him . 
 `` coach . '' 
 lea called as she got close to alonso . 
 alonso turned around to give lea his attention . 
 `` que paso , chica ? 
 you need something ? '' 
 asked alonso , who could see that lea was serious about something . 
 `` can i use your computer ? '' 
 asked lea with a serious tone . 
 alonso was taken by surprise with that question . 
 `` what do you want the computer for ? '' 
 `` i ... might have an idea on how to defeat karen . '' 
 `` and you need the computer for that ? '' 
 `` yeah , i want to search for something . '' 
 `` mind if i ask what it is ? '' 
 `` rhythm . '' 
 `` rhythm ? 
 in her boxing ? '' 
 `` not in her boxing , but in her dancing . 
 since she 's using dancing moves instead of boxing ones , i need to know more about the dances that she learned , the steps , everything . 
 then , i would be able to read her next movement . '' 
 `` well , it sounds like a good idea . 
 all right , use it as long as you need it . '' 
 `` thanks , coach . '' 
 lea headed straight to the office and went in . 
 once inside , she moved to the desk , sat on the chair , and turned the computer on . 
 once she logged in , she tried to find any information on karen when she was a dancer . 
 it was easier than expected because karen was famous in her days as a dancer . 
 lea wasted no time and started to look at videos , photos , anything that could help her find out about the dance styles that karen would use in boxing . 
 everything seemed to be on the internet , lea easily found a site with videos about karen , showing that she had danced waltz , tango , salsa , and samba . 
 without a doubt , karen was one of the best in the world , winning competitions all over the world . 
 her movements were perfect , having grace and technique , dancing with both male and female partners . 
 after finding all the videos with karen in them , lea started to study each and every single one of them . 
 lea was trying to memorize as much as possible . 
 eventually , lea spent hours just watching the videos , and then , she started to compare them to karen 's boxing . 
 lea could see that many of karen 's movements were based on dancing moves , which explained why karen had so many unorthodox movements . 
 the only reason that got lea away from the computer , was alonso going into the office , and calling lea . 
 `` oye chica , you 've been here for hours , you should go and rest . '' 
 said alonso . 
 `` oh , okay , coach . '' 
 answered lea , who turned the computer off and got up from the chair . 
 lea slid out of the office and went to her apartment , deciding that she gathered as much as she could and spent the day normally . 
 the next day , after opening and cleaning the gym , lea started with her training . 
 she kept working the tail and back muscles , along with the other basic workouts . 
 after lea was done with that , she decided to do some shadow boxing . 
 she tried to picture the opponent as karen , and lea tried to use all of the videos that she had watched to imagine karen 's movements . 
 karen was an in-fighter , just like lea , so lea must plan an attack . 
 lea imagined herself been face to face against karen and defending with the peek-a-boo style . 
 a frontal attack would n't work on lea , so karen might need to find holes in lea 's defense , which were on the sides . 
 lea could fix that by following karen , but considering her unusual movements , lea could lose sight of karen . 
 if lea could n't see karen , lea wo n't know where to block or when to dodge . 
 the best lea could do was make distance , but it was useless , as she had seen in previous videos of karen 's matches . 
 `` dammit , how am i supposed to follow those movements ? 
 they are unpredictable in a boxing match . '' 
 thought lea , but then , a realization hit her . 
 `` wait , follow ? 
 is that what i 'm doing ? 
 am i following karen ? 
 is that why she wins her matches ? 
 because they try to follow her ? 
 what if i change her movements to somewhere else ? 
 i got it ! 
 feints , if i use feints to change her movements to where i want her , i should be able to land a punch . 
 now , instead of following , i 'll be the one leading . '' 
 lea started to picture karen going to the right side , and lea used a feint with the right . 
 after that , lea could prepare herself to predict the movement and attack . 
 `` with this , i have a chance at beating karen , i can do this . '' 
 lea kept her shadow boxing for a while , trying to get a feeling on how to fight back against karen . 
 lea was n't the only one working for an upcoming match . 
 hilda was also working harder than usual , especially since her championship match will be after lea 's match . 
 after spending the day working out , it was time to close the gym and call it a day . 
 the rest of the time left until the match was spent training . 
 eventually , the day of the match arrived and lea , along with alonso and alfred , headed to the designated venue for the weigh-in . 
 lea was the first to arrive because there were no signs of karen . 
 there were other people in there , which turned out to be journalists and paparazzi . 
 `` i was n't expecting this kind of a crowd for a 4-rounder match . 
 it must be for karen , considering her past . '' 
 said alonso . 
 people tried to take a picture of karen 's opponent , but lea noticed it and tried to cover her face . 
 `` what is it , chica ? '' 
 alonso did n't expect that kind of reaction from lea . 
 `` i do n't want to be photographed . '' 
 answered lea , who started to feel uncomfortable . 
 `` why not ? 
 when you start to become famous , it will be inevitable to avoid the press . '' 
 lea decided to simply hide behind alonso and alfred while covering her face as best as possible with the hood that she was wearing . 
 `` specter , what 's your opinion on your next opponent ? '' 
 asked one of the journalists . 
 `` well ... '' said lea , but she was n't given a chance to respond because another journalist spoke . 
 `` do you have a plan against her ? '' 
 other questions followed after that one . 
 `` how confident are you against her ? '' 
 `` do you actually know anything about karen ? '' 
 the questions would have kept coming , if it was n't for the arrival of lea 's next opponent , karen . 
 she was accompanied by her coach , ruth when the door revealed karen , the journalists surrounded her and started to take endless photographs of karen , who entered with a dignified air around her . 
 just as lea thought , karen was beautiful , but even more in person . 
 as a star would do , karen gave a charming smile to the cameras , and the questions started to rain on her , which was a relief for lea . 
 since they lost interest on lea , she stopped hiding behind alonso and alfred . 
 `` miss , how do you feel about your next match ? '' 
 asked a journalist . 
 `` how is your condition right now ? 
 think you are ready for the match ? '' 
 asked another journalist . 
 `` do you have any plans after the tournament ? '' 
 after that question , ruth stepped forward . 
 `` okay okay , that 's enough , give us some breathing air , we just got here . '' 
 ruth was a little annoyed by the impatient journalists . 
 `` it 's alright , ruth . '' 
 said karen as she put a hand on the sphinx 's arm . 
 then , she slid forward and answered with an elegant voice . 
 `` ladies and gentlemen , my condition is fit enough for the upcoming match . 
 after winning the tournament , i am planning to go for the national championship . 
 as you can see , i 'm confident that i can win the match . '' 
 `` what do you think of your opponent , specter ? 
 many consider her a strong opponent because she defeated one of the most resilient boxers in this tournament with her new technique , spear strike . '' 
 asked one of the journalists , which got the attention of lea . 
 `` how do they know about my technique ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` someone must have heard the name and mentioned it around , there 's no other way they would have known . '' 
 answered alonso , who was just as surprised as lea . 
 `` i have certainly heard of specter , i have even watched her videos , and truth be told , her attack has terrifying power behind it . 
 however , her attack wo n't work on me . '' 
 answered karen . 
 lea could n't deny it , she needed space throw it , and karen always stayed close . 
 `` speaking of specter , where is she ? '' 
 karen started to look for lea and found her behind the line of photographers . 
 lea was hiding her face with the hood of a sleeveless vest , with a t-shirt under it , and cargo pants . 
 karen remembered seeing lea fight , but it was different seeing her in person . 
 the others might not see it , giving the nature that lea was showing , but karen could see it . 
 even though it was concealed by the clothes , she could see that lea possessed the body of a warrior . 
 a body that not only showed power , but a beauty that only a majestic specimen could show . 
 `` while her body is a sight to behold , the passion that she showed in her fight against luisa was just ... magnificent . 
 seeing her in person is making me more and more impatient for the match to start . '' 
 karen was about to approach lea , but karen was stopped by the staff there . 
 `` i 'm sorry to interrupt , but we need to get this done , other boxers will come for their weigh-in . '' 
 `` my apologies . '' 
 karen started to take off her white ruched shirt dress , while lea started to take off her own clothing , but put her shirt around her head to hide her face . 
 lea looked at karen and was surprised because karen 's muscles were n't very prominent . 
 karen was fit , but did n't seem to hold too much power in her . 
 of course , it did n't fail to draw the attention of the journalists , making many of their faces flush . 
 lea was another story . 
 she was buff , not in a ridiculous way , but was buff enough to draw attention . 
 it also made most of the female journalists flush . 
 even karen noticed the strong muscles at display . 
 the men were impressed and started to believe that a single punch from lea could end their lives . 
 with both boxers ready , the staff took their weights and were cleared for the match , which would take place at that night . 
 with the weigh-in done , both boxers dressed . 
 once karen was done , she approached lea . 
 lea felt someone behind her and turned around , only to get surprised by karen , who was very close to lea . 
 `` h-hello . '' 
 greeted lea , and everyone thought that she was been too shy . 
 `` hello to you , specter , a pleasure to meet you in person . '' 
 answered karen . 
 she was n't lying , she wanted to meet lea before the match . 
 with both boxers standing face to face , everyone else in the room could see that karen was a little smaller than lea . 
 `` it is ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 answered karen and started to slid in circles around lea . 
 `` looking at you in person can not be compared to looking at you in your videos . '' 
 said karen in admiration , while lea was trying to keep eyes on karen , but karen was good at moving around a person . 
 `` with a body like this , you must have quite the amount of admirers , do n't you ? '' 
 `` uh , not ... really . '' 
 lea was n't even sure if she had any type of admirers . 
 `` and that fire , that passion that you showed in your match against luisa , quite exciting . '' 
 `` t-thanks . '' 
 lea started to get uncomfortable . 
 lea saw the chance to start sliding back , but went as far as the wall behind her , and karen quickly moved in front of lea . 
 then , karen lifted herself up with her tail and moved close to lea , reaching her left ear . 
 `` i ca n't wait to see it in our match . '' 
 whispered karen and slid away from lea . 
 then , karen headed to the door , where her coach was waiting . 
 lea kept looking at the retreating form of karen . 
 lea was so focused on karen , that she did n't notice alonso calling . 
 `` hey , chica , you okay ? 
 we 're leaving . '' 
 said alonso , which got a reaction out of lea . 
 `` huh ? 
 yeah , i 'm ready . '' 
 answered lea and started to leave with alonso , but the journalists tried to get some answers from lea . 
 `` specter , what 's your opinion of karen ? 
 was she trying to provoke you ? '' 
 one of them asked . 
 `` what did karen said to you ? 
 was it an insult ? 
 a threat ? '' 
 alonso blocked lea from their sight and simply answered . 
 `` no questions for today . 
 have a good day . '' 
 after that , alonso and his group left . 
 they were outside of the building and away from the journalists , and alonso took the opportunity to ask lea some questions . 
 `` so , what did she said to you ? '' 
 asked alonso . 
 `` mostly that , she ca n't wait for our match . '' 
 answered lea , who was a little calmer . 
 `` well , she does n't have to wait long , since the match is tonight . 
 now that i have seen her in person , she does n't seem to be the tough type , which is strange for an in-fighter . 
 since they 're always fighting up close , they tend to need a good chin to take the upcoming attacks . '' 
 `` maybe she relies on her movements to avoid any damage . '' 
 said alfred . 
 `` probably , but is a problem if she has no power in her punches . 
 the only thing that i can come up with is that she uses the build up momentum from her sliding around to throw more effective punches . '' 
 answered alonso . 
 `` but lea is tough enough to take them . '' 
 `` if she can see them . '' 
 `` what do you mean , coach ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` when you see a punch coming , you simply grit your teeth and take it , but what would happen if you ca n't see the punch coming ? '' 
 asked alonso . 
 `` i would n't be ready to take it . '' 
 lea started to understand what alonso was talking about . 
 `` to put it simply , yes . 
 if you ca n't see the punch coming , you 're not mentally , nor physically prepared for the attack , and take more damage than usual . '' 
 `` do n't worry , coach . 
 i 've been training for this day . '' 
 alonso could hear lea 's confidence . 
 `` i know you have , and we are winning this tournament . '' 
 alonso 's voice was even , but the feeling might have been the same as a battle cry . 
 that same day , hilda went to the weigh-in and was cleared to participate in the match . 
 that night , lea 's group went to the venue where the matches would take place . 
 lea 's match would be considered an under card , since she was a 4-rounder . 
 however , it was considered a good position to give hilda some momentum for her championship match . 
 before going to their separate ways , salena and alinda tried to cheer for their friends . 
 `` good luck , lea , i know you 're going to win this . 
 you too , hilda , i ca n't wait for you to become the new national champion . '' 
 said salena as cheerfully as she could . 
 `` you 'll succeed in your goals , i 'm sure of it . '' 
 said alinda , she was more leveled than salena , but the feeling was the same . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 said lea . 
 she was grateful for the good lucks because she believed that she might need them . 
 `` you better believe it , lass . 
 i 'm going to get that belt out of her hands . '' 
 said hilda , who was ready to go at full force . 
 after that , salena and alinda went to their seats , while lea and hilda went to their locker room . 
 once they arrived to the locker room , they put their trunks , their breast protection , and gloves . 
 since lea was the first one to fight , she was the first one to start warming up . 
 `` as far as i have seen you work , i can see that you have come up with some plan against karen . '' 
 said alonso . 
 `` yeah , as mentioned by karen herself , my spear strike is useless against her , but i can see that she is n't physically fit to take a punch . '' 
 said lea . 
 `` the question is : can you hit her ? 
 i have seen her videos , and the only way that you can hit her , is if you throw hundreds of punches and hope one of them will hit . 
 then again , there is no such thing as a lucky punch . '' 
 `` true enough . '' 
 said hilda , who knew all about it . 
 `` yeah , i understand that , but do n't worry . 
 i have a plan on how to actually punch her . '' 
 said lea . 
 `` and that is ? '' 
 asked alonso . 
 `` i notice something peculiar in karen 's matches , which was that all boxers were following karen . 
 that 's why they lost , karen was leading them to a good spot to attack . 
 what i 'm going to do is lead her to a point where i can punch her . 
 instead of following , i 'm the one leading her this time . '' 
 `` sounds like a dance , but a boxing dance . 
 very well , let 's see how this works out . '' 
 with the plan set , lea kept warming up and waiting for her call . 
 in another room , karen was also warming up for her upcoming match . 
 `` that was quiet a scene you did there , some even think that you 're falling for her . '' 
 said ruth , who was barely holding a laugh after saying that . 
 `` i have seen many people , from different species , from both sexes , and some got my attention , but not like she has . 
 is it a simple infatuation ? 
 is it love ? 
 or simple respect ? 
 as far as i know , she intrigues me . '' 
 answered karen while warming up . 
 `` so ... you 're not in love ? '' 
 ruth did n't remember the last time that karen was interested in anyone . 
 `` i can not tell for sure , but i might found out in this match , if she can last long enough . '' 
 `` as long as it does n't get in the way of your boxing , i do not mind at all . '' 
 ruth was been honest about it . 
 all she cared about , was that karen won the match . 
 `` do not worry , ruth , when it comes to my profession , i do it with passion . '' 
 after karen said that , she kept warming up . 
 `` as far as i have seen , i can not deny it . 
 better be ready , specter , because you wo n't know what hit you . '' 
 both boxers were left with no option , but to wait . 
 wait for their call to get into the ring and let their fists fly . 
 chapter 14 : let 's dance the staff entered the locker rooms , told them that they were next , and left . 
 `` all right chica , vamonos . '' 
 said alonso , who started to head to the ring . 
 `` yeah ! '' 
 said lea , who was ready for anything , and followed her team to the ring . 
 in the other room , karen and her team prepared to head to the ring . 
 `` time to perform . '' 
 said ruth as a little joke . 
 `` with passion . '' 
 said karen in a serene manner and followed her team to the ring . 
 both boxers arrived at the arena and received the cheers from the audience . 
 lea did n't notice , but the press was sitting on the front seats , which were close to the ring . 
 they all wanted to see karen in action and none of them was looking at lea because they did n't consider her important enough at the moment . 
 also , they wanted an interview with karen because they believed that she would be the victor of that match and the winner of the tournament . 
 both boxers climbed into the ring and got to their respective corners . 
 then , they waited for the announcer to present them and for the referee to go over the rules . 
 lea had her hair loose because it was n't too long . 
 karen had long hair , so it was required that she put it in a bun . 
 once the announcer and the referee were done with their parts , both boxers were waiting for the bell to ring . 
 before that , their respective coaches tried to give them some last advice before the match began . 
 `` remember , karen , specter has insane power behind her punches , you have to keep moving and attack when the opportunity presents itself . 
 you simply wo n't be able to take too many , if any , of her punches . '' 
 said ruth . 
 `` do not worry yourself , ruth , i do not plan to simply put a good performance , i plan to win the match . '' 
 said karen . 
 she was n't showing any worry , but excitement . 
 on lea 's corner , alonso went over lea 's plan against karen . 
 `` karen will use her movements to find some unguarded area to attack , or entice you to attack . 
 do n't rush it , fight carefully , and strike when it matters . '' 
 said alonso . 
 `` do n't worry , coach , i wo n't let her guide me to her trap , i 'll be the one leading . '' 
 said lea . 
 she was showing no hesitation and she was ready to win . 
 after going over their battle plans , if any , the announcers ordered the seconds to leave the ring , which they follow without complain . 
 after that , the boxers prepared themselves to put their lives in the match and to see who will be the victor of the match . 
 it did n't matter whether they were ready or not , because the bell ringed . 
 both boxers leave their corners with an unexpected speed . 
 they immediately dashed forward and reached each other in the middle of the ring . 
 everyone expected their fists to start flying , but instead , they stopped at punching distance and simply stared at each other . 
 lea had her usual peek-a-boo style , while karen had no guard at all . 
 she kept her arms hanging to the sides . 
 instead of raising her guard , she started to sway from side to side and going at her own rhythm . 
 that made many believe that it was a taunt for lea . 
 lea did n't respond and simply kept staring , waiting for an opportunity to attack . 
 karen kept her swaying going , thinking whether to go to the left or to the right . 
 she was also looking for any holes in lea 's guard , knowing that lea was n't going to be an easy opponent . 
 `` well , this dance is n't for one . '' 
 karen decided to attack and see where it led . 
 karen moved to lea 's left , and lea attacked with a left jab . 
 karen dodged by turning sideways and bending back . 
 then , karen retaliated with a right uppercut to lea 's chin , which was hard to call it an uppercut because it lacked the proper form . 
 karen believed to have landed the punch , but she was surprised by the sight of lea blocking the punch with the left arm . 
 then , she prepared to launch a downward right punch . 
 karen spun away to recover her balance and stood upright , but remaining in punching range with lea . 
 `` well , you are full of surprises , specter . 
 this is getting more exciting by the moment . '' 
 thought karen , and lea had other thoughts in mind . 
 `` that was close , good thing the coach made me train my punch recovery . 
 otherwise , that would have landed cleanly . '' 
 thought lea . 
 whatever the boxers were thinking , the audience loved what they saw and could n't wait to see the rest of the match . 
 on karen 's corner , ruth was surprised by lea 's quick recovery of her punches , but the surprise left her very quickly and remained calm . 
 `` that was unexpected . 
 most in-fighters tend to fall for karen 's counters , since she can dodge at the strangest angles . 
 specter must have trained to recover her punch quickly and prepare for the counter attack . 
 well , simply blocking and defending wo n't be enough . 
 we would still have the advantage in points . '' 
 thought ruth . 
 just like karen 's corner , lea 's corner was also calm about the situation because they expected the results of lea 's training to show . 
 `` that 's it , chica , just like we trained for . 
 you better be ready , karen , because this is just the beginning . '' 
 thought alonso . 
 back into the fight , karen tried to keep circling around lea at a tremendous speed . 
 karen planned to get out of lea 's sight so that she could deliver a surprise attack from the other side . 
 lea 's tail did n't seem to get in the way of karen 's movement because she would just slid over it and keep going . 
 in normal boxing , stepping someone 's foot was illegal . 
 lamias have no feet , and did n't seem to impede someone 's movement , so they do n't consider it illegal to slid over another lamia 's tail . 
 karen circled around lea , but lea managed to keep up and did n't let karen get out of sight . 
 lea knew that if she did , then she would be in trouble . 
 `` i ca n't keep this up for long . 
 i have to stop her movements . '' 
 thought lea . 
 she decided to use her plan and feinted a right straight , which karen fell for and moved to the right . 
 karen realized that it was a feint and saw lea throw a left jab at karen 's face . 
 karen barely avoided the punch by spinning with the punch and moved away from lea . 
 `` that was a nice move , specter . '' 
 thought karen in surprise . 
 she did n't expect that feint from lea . 
 at that moment , karen decided to be more careful because she wo n't know what punch was going to be real . 
 failing to realize which one was real or false might cost her the match . 
 the fight was quickly turning into a battle for control , and both boxers were ready to fight for it . 
 karen rushed in and attempted to move to lea 's right , but she planned to be more aggressive about it . 
 lea followed as always , but karen spun while moving and threw a right hook at the left side of lea 's guard . 
 lea ducked in time and followed with a left uppercut to karen 's body , but karen spun with the punch . 
 then , karen stopped and retaliated with a right hook to lea 's head . 
 lea moved to karen 's left and retaliated with a right straight to karen 's head . 
 karen quickly turned , bent back , and landed a right uppercut on lea 's chin . 
 since karen lacked power , the punch did n't cause as much damage . 
 lea slid away from karen , but karen followed because she did n't want to lose the upper hand . 
 lea saw that and feinted with a left jab , which karen fell for again and started to bend back . 
 she quickly realized what it was and stopped moving . 
 instead of moving forward , karen slid back and kept her distance from lea . 
 a minute had passed and the audience was enjoying the match . 
 the audience was cheering for both boxers , unable to wait for more of that fierce fight . 
 at that point , karen decided to go with a different approach and she put it into action immediately . 
 karen moved forward and lea attempted a feint jab , which karen did n't fell for . 
 lea quickly threw a real jab and was dodged with the usual bending . 
 karen stood upright , kept moving forward , and got so close to lea , that only the most compact punches could be launched . 
 once again , karen started to move around lea , and in respond , lea tightened her guard . 
 karen attacked from the right , but it turned out to be a simple tap , making a right punch to lea 's body the real attack . 
 lea did n't fall for the trap and blocked the attack with the left arm . 
 lea lifted her right elbow , indicating a right hook , which made karen turn and bend back while throwing an upward right punch . 
 lea dodged the punch by leaning back , moved in , and threw a downward right punch . 
 karen spun and barely dodged the punch , positioning herself to lea 's right , and threw a left punch at lea 's head . 
 lea ducked the punch , turned towards karen , and threw a left hook at karen 's body . 
 karen decided to move with the punch while moving forward . 
 karen got closer to lea , and got so close , that their bodies were touching . 
 their faces were inches away from each other , and at that moment , karen decided to wink at lea . 
 after that , karen moved away from lea . 
 it did n't necessarily angered lea , but she realized that she was getting nowhere at that rate . 
 at that point , lea heard alonso giving her advice from the corner . 
 `` chica , aim for the body , stop her movements and attack the head ! '' 
 `` that 's a good idea , without her movements , she wo n't be able to dodge so much . 
 all i have to do now is to just land a good hit , just one , and it will go to my advantage . '' 
 thought lea and got a new target : karen 's body in the audience , the duo of lea 's friends were watching the match and were still amazed at how karen just dodged a punch from such a difficult angle . 
 `` well , that 's something you do n't normally see , but to think that she has such flexibility and movements . '' 
 said alinda , who could hardly believe it . 
 in her opinion , it would have been easier for an out-boxer to just slid back , but karen bent like nothing in the middle of an in-fight . 
 `` okay , so it is impressive , but if lea gets a single blow on karen 's body , all that fancy movement is going to disappear . 
 i 'm sure the coach already figured that out . '' 
 said salena . 
 `` that is a good plan , but is it easy to pull off ? '' 
 asked alinda with a serious face . 
 it was easier said than done , but lea did n't mind because she was ready to keep trying as long as it took . 
 with that in mind , she charged in . 
 `` my , are n't we eager ? 
 not that i 'm complaining . '' 
 karen moved forward and got into punching distance , where lea threw a real left jab . 
 karen avoided the punch by moving to the left . 
 lea threw a right uppercut at karen 's body , but karen spun while moving to the left and retaliated with a left hook to lea 's head . 
 lea blocked with the right shoulder , and after that , she attempted to feint with a right jab . 
 karen did n't fall for it because she knew that lea was n't a southpaw . 
 karen moved behind lea , but lea knew that karen was coming from lea 's left side . 
 lea started to turn to the left and threw a right hook at karen 's body . 
 karen dodged it by sliding back and spinning with the punch . 
 the audience responded to that show of skill , speed , and technique , but most importantly , to both boxers . 
 karen decided to make the first move , on what she considered the next dance , and moved forward . 
 lea did n't throw any attack as karen got closer . 
 lea simply tightened her guard and waited for karen to get close . 
 just as lea wanted , karen got very close to lea and they attacked once again . 
 karen started with a left punch as she moved to lea 's left . 
 the punch was blocked with the peek-a-boo , and lea knew that karen was coming from the right . 
 lea lifted her left elbow for a hook to karen 's body , and karen spun while moving to the left to avoid it , but it was a feint . 
 lea followed karen 's movements and threw a right hook at karen 's body . 
 karen was prepared for a feint , so she saw the punch and quickly changed directions . 
 karen saw the opportunity to attack lea 's head with a right straight , but the hook that lea was throwing was a feint and blocked with the left arm . 
 lea shoved the arm away and threw a right hook at karen 's head , which karen dodged by bending back . 
 karen quickly stood upright , but lea quickly attacked with a left hook to karen 's body . 
 karen did n't know if it was a feint or a real punch , so she did the only thing that she could do in that position , she moved forward . 
 two minutes have passed and the moment of truth arrived . 
 lea 's hook landed on karen , but she was prepared for that occasion and blocked with the right arm . 
 lea 's punch was strong enough to send karen sliding to the side . 
 karen recovered quickly , but her arm started to feel numb . 
 `` so that 's her famous punch , her power is unbelievable , one of those could knock me down quickly . 
 very interesting . '' 
 thought karen , who did n't feel fear . 
 in fact , she liked the challenge . 
 the most dangerous dances tended to get the audience on their feet . 
 lea charged in and attempted another feint with a right hook . 
 karen did n't back off and moved forward , leaving only inches away from each other . 
 they did n't make a single move , they were staring at each other , waiting for the other one to make a move , waiting to see an opportunity , a mistake . 
 karen started to sway slowly , getting into a rhythm , but lea was n't going to allow that . 
 lea attempted a left hook , which was intended to be a feint . 
 karen did n't fell for it and kept swaying , and lea decided to throw a real right hook . 
 karen turned to the side , bent back , and retaliated with a right uppercut to lea 's chin . 
 lea dodged the punch by leaning back and tried to catch karen with a right downward punch , but karen spun and moved to lea 's right . 
 from there , karen attacked with a right straight to lea 's head . 
 lea blocked with the right shoulder and retaliated with a left hook to karen 's body . 
 karen spun in the spot , deflecting the power of the punch and hitting lea 's side of the head with a right hook . 
 that did n't stop lea and attacked with a right uppercut to karen 's body . 
 karen moved to the right while spinning and threw a right hook , which lea blocked with the left arm . 
 then , lea pushed the arm away and threw a right hook at karen 's body . 
 karen avoided damage by spinning with the punch and threw a left hook , which lea ducked . 
 on karen 's corner , things were starting to look for the better . 
 `` i was a little surprised when i saw just how far specter sent karen flying with a single punch , but karen is getting used to it . 
 she 's even getting used to the feints , which made me a little worried , but not anymore . 
 i wonder what else you have in stock , specter . '' 
 thought ruth . 
 meanwhile , alonso did n't like where the flow of the match was going . 
 `` karen is better than i thought , she 's already starting to get used to the chica . 
 however , i know that she wo n't stop so easily . 
 remain calm , and think carefully , there must be a way to land a punch against this boxer . '' 
 thought alonso . 
 the in-fight continued , and it did n't seem like lea was winning , even though it was her specialty . 
 karen 's flexibility and agility made her a difficult opponent to hit . 
 karen was even capable of punching from unbelievable angles , making it easy for her to counter any punch . 
 after an endless barrage of attacks , both karen and lea suddenly stopped , and both boxers simply stared at each other . 
 lea started to think on how to attack karen , but lea knew that her normal attacks would n't reach karen as long as she could move freely . 
 then , lea found a way to attack karen , but it was a little risky . 
 still , lea would n't hesitate , especially since she knew that she would come out on top because of her toughness . 
 lea waited for the right moment , which came from a right hook to her head . 
 lea took that as an opportunity to make it a simultaneous exchange with a left hook to karen 's body . 
 unfortunately , karen used a feint and spun with lea 's punch while moving to the right . 
 karen retaliated with a right straight to lea 's head , landing without problem and making lea stagger away from karen . 
 `` dammit , what am i doing ? 
 i rushed it , just when i was trying to avoid that . '' 
 thought lea , who was starting to fall on karen 's rhythm without realizing it . 
 to avoid that , she started to get her mind straight and she focused on the match . 
 while doing that , she started to hear music in her head . 
 `` where is that coming from ? 
 maybe she punched me too hard ? '' 
 lea was brought out of her thoughts by the sight of karen charging in . 
 lea put her guard back and karen got very close again . 
 once close , karen simply kept swaying slowly from side to side , thinking how to start her attack . 
 looking at karen , lea started to remember her dancing lesson with julie and what the instructor said . 
 lea remembered hearing about flowing with the music . 
 lea looked at karen again , and that was when it dawned on lea . 
 `` that 's it ! 
 i know what to do now ! '' 
 as lea started to see how to put it into action , the bell ringed , announcing the end of the first round . 
 the referee stepped between them and both boxers started to slid to their own corners . 
 lea arrived to her corner and sat on the stool , showing that she was surprisingly more tired than she let on . 
 `` rest up , chica . 
 you did well out there , you 've avoided a lot of her punches , and those that landed did n't seem to do too much damage to you . '' 
 said alonso . 
 `` yeah ... but having to concentrate to such a degree is really making me tire . '' 
 said lea , who was taking deep breaths . 
 `` yeah , both mind and body work together in all sports . '' 
 `` it 's okay , i finally got it . '' 
 that confused alonso . 
 `` got what ? '' 
 `` i was trying to break her rhythm and put her on my rhythm , but that wo n't do against her . '' 
 `` then , what are you going to do ? '' 
 `` i 'll become one with her . '' 
 `` what do you mean by that ? '' 
 `` instead of forcing her to move or following her , i have to get in the same rhythm as her . 
 that way , i will know where she will go and lead her to where i want to . '' 
 `` this is sounding like a dance , but it seems to be the best we can do so far . 
 do n't drop the plan of punching her in the body , without those movements , she 'll be easier to handle . '' 
 `` do n't worry , coach , if it goes as planned , i might even land a hit on the head . '' 
 it was n't the brightest plan , but it gave lea more hope for victory . 
 `` good , but it has to be in this round . 
 i really do n't think it will work in the next round once she finds out what you 're trying to do . 
 karen might try to change her rhythm to get you confused and attack you . '' 
 `` yeah , i did n't think that far ahead . '' 
 `` do n't worry , it 's a good idea for something that you just got in the middle of the fight . 
 now , let 's get you fixed up for the next round . '' 
 alonso felt a little proud to have such a good boxer , but did n't want to show it because he did n't want lea to let it go to her head . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` i must admit , i 'm a little nervous about this match . 
 karen is better at in-fighting , if this drags on , we will lose in points . 
 if not , then we might lose by ko . 
 this next round must the last round . '' 
 on the other corner , things were n't as heavy as in lea 's corner , but karen 's was in alert . 
 `` that was a good round for us . 
 we got the points in this one . 
 now , keep going like in the last round and victory should be ours . '' 
 said ruth in confidence . 
 `` it certainly was a nice performance , but nowhere to my expectations . 
 then again , specter has lasted longer than my previous opponents . 
 i must commend her for that . '' 
 said karen , who was showing signs of getting a little tired , but she maintained a serene mind . 
 `` i agree with you , i was getting a little nervous that she dodged and blocked so many of your attacks . 
 i was even more nervous when she was throwing feints in her punches . '' 
 `` i was surprised myself . 
 she made the performance quite exciting for me . 
 i wish we could keep going like this a little bit longer . '' 
 `` i would n't push your luck , i know you like seeing people with passion and all , but if you 're not careful , you could get hurt here . '' 
 ruth was n't joking . 
 she was genuinely worried about karen , not remembering a boxer with so much dedication as her . 
 `` i thank you for your concern , ruth . 
 i know of the dangers in this sport , i could die in one of this matches , i know some have died in this sport . '' 
 karen was touched by ruth 's worry , which made a small smile to appear on karen 's face , . 
 `` i know that you do , you take this seriously . 
 i just do n't want a good boxer retiring so quickly , or worse . '' 
 `` i understand . '' 
 `` great , now let 's get you rested for the next round , and for the other coming rounds . '' 
 no one thought it was strange for karen to be so calm , they believed she was confident because of how well it went in the last round . 
 the truth was that she liked it too much , and she simply could n't resist performing with such an amazing partner like lea . 
 even after saying ruth not to worry , karen could n't help her desire to go longer . 
 of course , she knew that all performances must come to an end . 
 `` before that happens , let 's enjoy the dance a little bit longer , shall we ? '' 
 thought karen . 
 after that , both boxers were resting up and waiting for the announcer to order the seconds to leave the ring . 
 it did n't take long and before the seconds left the ring , they gave some last minute advice . 
 `` remember , whatever it is you have planned , you have to use it and finish it in this round . '' 
 said alonso , who hoped that it was enough to end the match . 
 `` got it . '' 
 lea responded while putting her mouthpiece . 
 meanwhile , karen was getting ready for the next round . 
 `` stay alert . 
 they might come up with something new against you . '' 
 said ruth . 
 `` understood . '' 
 responded karen and she was given her mouthpiece . 
 once the seconds were out , the referee stepped in and the bell ringed . 
 both boxers came out of their corners and dashed to the center of the ring . 
 they both met in the center , and just like the first round , they did n't throw a single punch . 
 lea started to watch karen swaying side to side again . 
 instead of trying to stop it , lea started to move to karen 's rhythm , which surprised everyone , especially karen . 
 they believed that lea was trying to copy karen 's movements , but that was far from the truth . 
 karen attacked with a left hook to lea 's head when swaying to the right . 
 lea blocked the attack with the right arm while swaying at the same direction as karen and tried to attack with a left uppercut to karen 's chin . 
 karen barely dodged by moving to the side while spinning . 
 then , she attacked with a right hook . 
 lea saw it in time and slid back , creating space to make the punch miss . 
 then , she slid forward with a right straight . 
 karen was still recovering her punch , so the only option to avoid the attack was by bending back . 
 lea tried to move in to catch karen , but karen was quick enough to recover and moved away from lea . 
 karen was n't expecting that and it showed on her face . 
 for karen , it was as if lea was reading all of karen 's movements . 
 lea moved forward and threw a left jab , which karen dodged by turning sideways and bending back . 
 from that position , karen attempted to attack with a right uppercut , but lea was going to surprise karen . 
 to avoid the attack , lea simply turned to the side and got out of the way of the punch . 
 lea was standing right next to the bent karen , and from there , lea attacked with a right downward punch . 
 karen quickly spun in her bent position , stood upright , and backed away from lea . 
 not wanting to give karen any opportunity to escape , lea started to chase after karen . 
 back into the crowd , lea 's friends were starting to think that things were looking up . 
 lea seemed to be able to read and dodge karen 's attacks . 
 they could also see that karen seemed to be struggling more than before . 
 `` karen looks to be more distressed than before . 
 is lea 's new plan really getting to her ? '' 
 asked alinda . 
 `` maybe she 's annoyed about lea trying to copy her , i know i would be . '' 
 said salena , who found it a little funny . 
 `` i do n't think that would be the case , karen looks too composed to let anger overrule her judgment . 
 it 's seems that lea found a way to follow karen 's movements . '' 
 back into the fight , lea quickly reached karen , who decided to stand her ground against lea . 
 karen quickly started to sway again , and lea did the same thing , but it did n't stop karen . 
 karen started by moving to lea 's right , hoping to attack from the side . 
 lea moved to the same direction as karen , but it did n't stop karen from throwing a right hook . 
 lea had no problem in blocking it with the left arm and retaliated with a right uppercut , but karen turned to the side , making the punch miss . 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 is this her new plan ? 
 she 's getting my rhythm , where did she learn this ? '' 
 thought karen , who was starting to get worried , but continued to attack with a right straight to lea 's face . 
 lea dodged by moving in front of karen , and tried to attack with a left hook to karen 's body . 
 karen avoided the punch by moving to lea 's right . 
 from there , anyone who was paying close attention would notice that those two boxers looked as if they were dancing . 
 whether it was out of desperation or frustration , karen started to become more aggressive than before . 
 she threw lefts and rights , hooks and uppercuts , anything to cause damage , while lea blocked and dodged any attack that came her way . 
 lea tried to attack , but just like her , karen was still focused enough to dodge lea 's attacks . 
 the only thing left to do was to tighten the guard and hope for karen to get tired of attacking so much . 
 however , lea did n't know how long it was going to take until it was over , so she had to watch carefully and try to find a chance to turn the tables . 
 `` karen , stop attacking like a maniac and focus properly ! '' 
 yelled ruth , who was concerned that karen would tire herself out and put herself in danger . 
 the message was received and karen stopped her attack . 
 lea took the opportunity to throw a left jab , which was barely avoided by moving to the side . 
 karen retaliated with a left punch to lea 's head , but lea blocked with the right arm , and turned to look at karen face to face . 
 again , lea and karen continued with their dance of flying fists . 
 a minute had passed and they were starting to get equal , especially lea , since karen seemed to be struggling more than usual . 
 lea had gotten used to the new rhythm that karen was using , so she started to follow karen more easily . 
 a right straight came towards lea 's head , but lea ducked the punch , and stood up with a left uppercut . 
 karen turned to the side and attacked with a right hook to lea 's head . 
 lea quickly blocked with the left shoulder and attacked with a right hook to karen 's head . 
 karen bent back and threw a right uppercut at lea 's chin . 
 lea turned to the side , stood beside karen , and attacked with a downward right punch . 
 karen spun out of the way and stood back up . 
 then , karen attacked with a right straight to lea 's head , but it was blocked with the shoulder . 
 lea turned towards karen and started to attack with a right straight . 
 karen noticed the attack and was moving to lea 's left . 
 then , she noticed that it was a feint and looked right on time to see the left hook coming to her liver . 
 karen responded on time to block the attack with the right arm . 
 after blocking the attack , karen quickly moved away from lea . 
 `` a feint at a moment like that ? 
 i certainly did n't see it coming , nice played , specter . 
 splendid , i must say . '' 
 thought karen , who could still feel the sting of the punch . 
 even if it was n't a clean hit , it still hurt her . 
 lea knew that the punch was n't clean , so she had to keep going . 
 the seconds on karen 's corner were in a near panic , since lea was very close to landing a clean hit on karen 's body . 
 `` my god ! 
 this job is getting very stressful for me , good thing that karen was quick enough to dodge a punch like that . 
 you better think of something quick , specter , because it might have been your last chance against karen . '' 
 thought ruth . 
 on the other corner , alonso felt frustrated . 
 `` dammit , we were so close to winning the match , if that punch would have landed cleanly , things would go to our favor . '' 
 thought alonso . 
 with nothing else in mind that could help them out in that match , alonso could only hope that some miracle happened lea moved forward and attempted to attack with a left hook to karen 's head , but karen slid forward and blocked it with the right arm . 
 the hook hit karen 's shoulder , sending karen sliding away from lea and attempted to recover from the previous attack . 
 lea rushed in and tried to end the match in that round . 
 karen was n't going to allow that and slid forward . 
 lea attacked with a right straight , but karen managed to dodge . 
 then , she moved to lea 's chest , and once she got there , she put her arms to her sides . 
 in that position , it was going to be difficult for lea to land a punch with enough force . 
 of course , she was n't going to just stand there and do nothing . 
 lea tried to throw punches at karen 's body , but karen blocked the punch with one of her arms . 
 if that did n't work , lea tried to get one of her arms inside to push karen away , but it was blocked as well . 
 the last thing that came to mind at that point was to move to the side , while karen was pushing towards lea . 
 lea moved and karen lost her balance , which was a good opportunity to strike her with a left hook . 
 lea threw the hook at karen 's head , while karen turned to look at lea . 
 the punch was too close to move sideways or spin , so she decided to bend back , but lea was prepared for that . 
 knowing that karen was going to bend back , lea surprised karen by stopping her hook and leaned forward with karen . 
 karen tried to spin away from lea , but a sting to karen 's side prevented karen from doing that . 
 the last thing karen saw was a punch landing on her face , and sending her to the mat . 
 the force of the punch sent the pin holding her hair away , letting golden hair go loose all around her head and covering her face . 
 the referee stepped between them and ordered lea to a neutral corner . 
 lea did as told and hoped that the punch ended the match , not knowing what else to do if karen managed to get up . 
 the referee checked karen to see if she could get up , but notice that she was out cold and declared the match over . 
 the crowd cheered for both boxers . 
 for showing such a spectacular fight , but not everyone was happy about the result . 
 all the journalists were hoping to see karen win against lea , but since karen lost , they had no business in there and decided to leave . 
 everyone left , except for one , who had an interest on lea . 
 not because lea won , but for another reason . 
 `` it ca n't be her ... could it ? '' 
 said the female werebat , who was having a hard time believing it . 
 werebats were half-human , half-bat inter-species people , who were believed to be monsters , or evil spirits that took the bodies of the death . 
 both males and females possessed bat ears , their arms were bat wings , they possessed a tail , and fangs . 
 thankfully , the fangs were n't long enough to stick out of the mouth , which would make them look terrifying . 
 like the harpies , werebats did n't weight too much , probably the same , which allowed them to fly . 
 they had fur on the ears and from their thighs to where their knees begin . 
 due to a lack of arms and hands , except for thumbs on their wings , it could be said that their legs were their arms . 
 starting from the knee , it looked like a forearm and the feet looked like hands . 
 since they tended to grab things with their feet , they used ` gloves ' to walk around and grab other surfaces . 
 religious groups hunted them because they looked terrifying to them . 
 to escape from the religious groups , werebats decided to live in caves and other places . 
 the darkness was not much of a problem because they had the echolocation ability , using ultrasound that allowed them to see in the dark . 
 in modern times , they were normal citizens , who mostly worked at night because many other inter-species people were unable to work in such condition . 
 of course , they worked in many different areas too . 
 back in the ring , alonso and fergus got into the ring and started walking towards lea . 
 once they reached lea , alonso said . 
 `` that was an unexpected ending , even i believed that karen could dodge the attack , but the blow that she blocked may have caused more damage than we thought . '' 
 `` she 's strong , even if her punches did n't have that much power , they still hurt . '' 
 said lea , who was still feeling the pain from karen 's punches . 
 `` really ? 
 she probably hit you in the temple . 
 you should get it checked out just to be sure . '' 
 `` all right . '' 
 lea looked at karen , who was already been carried away from the ring . 
 `` well , let 's go . 
 we got to get ready for hilda 's title match , and you need to get some rest . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 they all left the ring , with lea shyly waving to the audience in response to their cheers . 
 lea entered the locker room , followed by alonso and fergus . 
 once lea got inside , she went through the curtain to change back into her normal clothing . 
 after that , she headed to the medical room , while alonso and fergus checked on hilda . 
 lea got checked out , but the doctor suggested going to a hospital for a better examination . 
 lea thanked the doctor and left the room . 
 while on her way , lea did n't notice someone waiting for her inside another corridor . 
 `` good evening , specter . '' 
 said a female voice behind lea , who turned around in surprise . 
 lea saw a female werebat with medium brown armpit-length hair , gray eyes , and light brown skin color , the same color as the fur . 
 lea could see that the werebat might be a little more mature than her . 
 lea guessed that the werebat was 23 years at most . 
 to make lea even more nervous , the werebat was quite beautiful . 
 `` h-hello , um ... '' responded lea , who was without words . 
 `` zora , zora patterson . '' 
 zora introduced herself while walking up to lea . 
 once she was in front of lea , she took off a ` glove ' , and extended her right ` hand ' to lea . 
 zora was wearing a white shirt under a black coat , a black skirt , and for her feet , she was wearing black ` gloves ' . 
 lea cleaned her hand on her t-shirt and shook the hand . 
 `` nice to meet you . '' 
 lea tried her best to look at zora in the eye because she did n't want to look timid . 
 `` the pleasure is all mine . '' 
 said zora with a professional air around her , and with a smile . 
 after the greetings were over , zora let go of lea 's hand , grabbed her purse with her clawed thumb , search inside , and pulled out a recorder . 
 `` if you could give me a moment of your time to answer some questions , i would be very grateful to you . '' 
 requested zora as she started the device to record . 
 `` i-i 'm sorry , but i have to go . '' 
 answered lea as she started to slid away from zora . 
 `` how does it feel to return to the ring , miss anderson ? '' 
 zora 's question caused lea to stop . 
 `` i think you have the wrong person . '' 
 lea started to sound serious , but a slight tremble could be heard . 
 `` oh , i certainly have the right person . 
 you 're lea anderson , the undefeated ex-mswba middleweight champion , who mysteriously disappeared over 2 years ago . '' 
 zora was confident of her suspicions . 
 `` you have the wrong person . '' 
 lea responded as she started going on her way . 
 `` it would be quite the coverage if i mention that said champion was alive and back on the ring . 
 probably , first page , even making it to the cover . '' 
 zora knew that lea was hiding because she used a ring name instead of her real name . 
 after hearing that , lea stopped in her tracks and quickly turned towards zora . 
 `` do n't ! '' 
 suddenly said lea , and zora was surprised by such a response . 
 then , lea continued with a humble voice . 
 `` please ... just do n't , i 'll answer . '' 
 that kind of response made zora regret her approach . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean to get you this upset . 
 it 's just ... you 're becoming well known , and i just wanted to get some coverage before anyone else . '' 
 `` oh ... well ... as long as you do n't tell anyone about me . '' 
 `` how about this ? 
 if you promise to let me do exclusive interviews in the future , i 'll keep your identity a secret , deal ? '' 
 after lea heard that , her mood lifted . 
 `` well ... okay . '' 
 `` great , i do n't have to do this interview right now , and i 'm sure you 're tired from your previous match . 
 have a good evening . '' 
 zora started to leave . 
 `` uh ... yeah ... thanks . '' 
 as lea finished her sentence , zora turned a corner and left . 
 `` i wonder if i can actually trust her . 
 no point in thinking about that , i better go and see how hilda is doing . '' 
 lea headed back to the locker room . 
 once she arrived to the room , she went in and saw hilda warming up . 
 lea could feel that hilda was ready for the match , ready to take the belt , and even ready to go down for it . 
 lea was n't the only one in the room , salena and alinda were in there too . 
 they all had a serious face , until they saw lea go in . 
 `` hey , lea , congratulation on your victory , it was a good match . '' 
 said salena , who tried to sound cheerful . 
 `` it was quite a match , i do n't remember seen an in-fight like that . '' 
 said alinda , who was amazed by such quick movements at a very close distance . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 after lea said that , the room went quiet . 
 `` what 's with the heavy air in here ? '' 
 asked hilda , who thought it was funny . '' 
 ... it 's just ... '' lea did n't have any words . 
 `` i told you , did n't i ? 
 i 'm going to be the national champion . '' 
 after hearing that from hilda , everyone one started to agree with her . 
 `` yeah , you 're right . 
 you did say that , i know you will become champion . '' 
 said lea . 
 `` i never had any doubt . '' 
 said alinda , who looked like her sophisticated normal self . 
 `` you 're going to get the belt , and we 'll be the next in line ! '' 
 said salena with new energy . 
 everyone cheered after that , and the staff called for hilda , letting her know that it was time for her title match . 
 `` all right ! 
 let 's do this ! '' 
 said hilda , who was as motivated as one could be . 
 everyone gave their best regards to hilda , hitting her glove as if it was a high-five . 
 after hilda left to the arena with alonso and fergus , lea and the rest went to their seats . 
 while on the way , lea met up with the person that she just defeated , karen carter , with her trainer , ruth . 
 `` we 'll be in the arena . '' 
 said alinda , who believed that it would be proper to leave them alone . 
 both salena and alinda went to their seats , leaving lea with karen , knowing that it was going to be awkward if they stayed there . 
 `` i 'll see you outside . '' 
 said ruth to karen , thinking it would be better if she leaved them alone as well . 
 `` why is it that i meet every single opponent that i defeat at moments like this ? '' 
 thought lea . 
 she did n't think badly of her opponents , but she did n't know what to say to them after the match . 
 `` hello , specter . '' 
 greeted karen in a polite manner . 
 `` h-hello . 
 um ... how ... how are you feeling ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` a little sore , and i almost got a broken nose , but nothing too alarming . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm glad . '' 
 that brought an elegant smile to karen 's face . 
 `` you 're a very kind person . '' 
 that made lea blush . 
 `` i just ... '' that got a giggle out of karen , who got closer to lea , which made lea nervous . 
 `` that was a marvelous performance , one of the best ones , and i thank you for it . '' 
 after karen said that , she bowed , pulling up an imaginary skirt . 
 lea remembered the move and bowed to karen . 
 after that , karen continued to slide away , but before going too far , she said one last thing to lea . 
 `` let 's have another dance the next time we meet . '' 
 lea turned towards karen and saw her slid away . 
 lea got to her seat , and she could see that hilda 's match started only a few seconds ago , so she had n't missed much . 
 lea could see that the current champion was strong , an african american with dark hair , and visible muscles . 
 the champion was fit enough to fight hilda , and lea knew that it would be a difficult match . 
 both boxers started slow , sliding cautiously to the middle of the ring . 
 they both had a very orthodox boxing stance , keeping both arms up . 
 both boxers reached punching range , and no less than a second passed before a punch was thrown , which turned out to be a left jab from hilda . 
 the battle started fast , both boxers did n't give each other any time to think , they just kept attacking . 
 the champion obviously had more technique than hilda , but hilda refused to let that stop her from getting the belt . 
 after a minute into the fight , it would seem that the match was turning to the champion 's favor . 
 suddenly , the champion knocked hilda down with a left hook to hilda 's temple . 
 the punch was strong , the damage looked serious , fans of the champion started to cheer , and hilda 's fans started to worry for hilda . 
 the ones who were hit the worst by the sight , were hilda 's close friends , especially since they were watching it live . 
 `` h-hilda . '' 
 said lea , who did n't know what to say . 
 it was the first time she had seen hilda down . 
 `` it 's hard to believe . '' 
 said alinda in shock . 
 `` the champion ... is strong . '' 
 said salena . 
 all three of them were left speechless , but lea did n't believe what she was seeing , she refused to do it . 
 after all , she remembered hilda making a promise . 
 suddenly , one side of the arena heard someone yelling . 
 `` hilda !! '' 
 at first , salena and alinda were caught by surprise , but they soon realized that the one who was yelling , was the quietest person from their group , lea . 
 `` get up , hilda ! 
 you promised ! 
 you promised that you would become champion ! '' 
 lea 's words seemed to get alinda and salena to join up . 
 it got a reaction from hilda , who was sitting on her tail . 
 `` get up , hilda ! '' 
 alinda joined in . 
 `` beat the crap out of her ! 
 you can do it ! '' 
 salena followed last . 
 every single fan of hilda started to follow their example , cheering and asking hilda to get up . 
 by the ninth count , hilda got up and she was ready to continue the fight , but she rose as a different lamia . 
 the air around her was different , her eyes were different , everything about her was different , and the champion knew that . 
 then again , considering that she knocked hilda down , she might be too weak to do anything , so the champion decided to charge towards hilda . 
 that was a mistake because hilda was focusing beyond her normal limits . 
 the champion 's attacks did n't hit hilda , and hilda started to counter attack . 
 hilda landed a punch on the champion 's body that made the champion bend forward . 
 the champion recovered and started to defend herself from the assault . 
 hilda 's attack was relentless , pushing the champion around like a sandbag . 
 the champion tried to fight back , but a punch to the side of her head stopped her , followed by a punch to her chin , and another to her temple . 
 hilda was gaining the upper hand , and eventually , sent the champion to the mat . 
 the referee got between them and sent hilda to a neutral corner . 
 then , he went to check on the champion , who was n't moving . 
 knowing that she was unable to continue , he declared the match over and a new champion was born . 
 after giving the championship belt to hilda , hilda 's group left the building and went to celebrate hilda 's victory . 
 they did n't necessarily drink alcohol , at least not that much . 
 lea definitely refused to drink any type of alcohol , choosing to drink soda instead . 
 lea did n't want to go back to the way she used to be , and to do that , she would n't drink any alcohol . 
 she would n't go back just by drinking alcohol , but she preferred to be on the safe side . 
 after celebrating , everyone went to their own homes to rest for the night , but before that , they made sure that hilda arrived to her apartment just fine . 
 lea , alinda , and salena volunteered to escort hilda to her home . 
 once they arrived to hilda 's home , lea , alinda , and salena said their goodbyes and started to slid away , but they were stopped . 
 `` hold it . '' 
 hilda quickly gave the order , and before lea 's group turned around , hilda grabbed them in a group hug . 
 `` thanks for the help . '' 
 that got a smile from everyone . 
 `` you should thank lea . 
 she 's the one who started yelling like a maniac . '' 
 said salena with a playful tone . 
 `` she 's right , if it was n't for her , we would still be in shock by the sight of you going down . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` true , but you all cheered for me , so thank you too . '' 
 after hilda said that with a smile , she let go and headed to her door . 
 before going in , she said a few last things . 
 `` do n't stay up for too long . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 responded lea 's group . 
 `` all right , good night . '' 
 with that , hilda went into her apartment . 
 after that , lea 's group started to head to their homes . 
 before going to sleep , lea felt that it was a good day , a very good day for everyone . 
 chapter 15 : mathematics a few days had passed since lea 's last match , and lea was back to working at the gym . 
 every member at the gym already knew of hilda 's success at becoming the msnabf champion . 
 that motivated everyone to work hard and reach the same heights as hilda . 
 everything was calm at the gym , until lea was called to alonso 's office . 
 once lea entered the office , she noticed that hilda , alinda , and salena were already sitting on the couches , and waiting for lea . 
 everyone in the room greeted lea . 
 `` morning , everyone . '' 
 lea greeted back . 
 `` how are you today ? '' 
 asked alonso . 
 `` i 'm feeling better after a few days of rest . '' 
 answered lea . 
 she went to the doctor before and was told that she simply needed to rest . 
 `` glad to hear that . '' 
 `` by the way , what 's going on ? '' 
 asked lea after seeing everyone in the room . 
 it was unusual for everyone to be in the office at the same time , so it made lea wonder about it . 
 `` we actually learned about your next opponent . '' 
 informed alinda . 
 `` and since you guys never tell us right away , we decided to see it for ourselves . '' 
 said salena with fake indignation , but she still hoped that they would let her know beforehand . 
 `` i really do n't have much to do , so i just tagged along . '' 
 said hilda , who sounded nonchalantly , but she was curious on the inside . 
 `` that pretty much sums it up , as to why they are here . '' 
 said alonso , who wished that they were actually training instead of getting distracted , but decided to let it go , just once . 
 `` um , okay . '' 
 said lea . 
 she tried to find a seat and found it besides hilda . 
 `` as alinda said , we got some information of your next opponent , who is in the semi-finals of this tournament . 
 her name is tania wilson , and as far as we have seen , she 's an out-boxer with quite the skills . '' 
 amazement could be heard in alonso 's voice . 
 `` do we have any videos of her matches ? '' 
 `` of course , let 's watch it . '' 
 alonso started the dvd . 
 it showed another match in the tournament , first showing a lamia with messy ear-length , light-chestnut hair , hazel eyes , and light brown skin color . 
 she was fit , her body showed that she possessed enough strength to cause damage , but it did n't seemed resilient . 
 her opponent was a rough-looking boxer , with nearly shaved head , olive skin , and sharp green eyes . 
 `` so , which one is tania ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` believe it or not , it 's the first lamia . '' 
 answered alonso . 
 that did n't surprise lea . 
 she had been surprised more than enough with her previous opponents , so she was ready for any type of boxer . 
 the match started with tania approaching her opponent carefully , while the other boxer approached with no caution . 
 both boxers got closer with their guard up , but tania tried to keep her distance from her opponent . 
 the other boxer noticed that and charged in . 
 tania tried to keep the opponent at a distance with some left jabs . 
 the opponent guarded from the attacks and started to close in , but tania started to slide away from the opponent . 
 the opponent tried to attack tania with some jabs , but they were blocked by tania , who retaliated with a jab of her own . 
 it hit the opponent in the face , but it did n't seem to cause serious damage and she pressed forward . 
 a right straight was thrown at tania , but she quickly slid back and the punch did n't hit . 
 then , tania followed the punch as it was been pulled back and threw a right punch . 
 the punch hit , and it looked like it caused damage because the opponent actually staggered back . 
 tania moved into an in-fight distance and her opponent threw a left hook at tania 's head . 
 tania ducked the punch , and stood up with a left uppercut to the opponent 's chin . 
 the punch missed because the opponent leaned back and threw a right hook . 
 tania moved back and retaliated with two left jabs to the opponent 's face . 
 the opponent slid back in an attempt to recover from the attack , but tania did n't allow that and moved forward . 
 her opponent tried to stop tania with a left jab , but tania stopped at the right distance to avoid getting hit . 
 then , she rushed in with a right straight , which landed on her opponent 's face . 
 tania tried to take the momentum and threw a short left jab , causing the opponent to guard her face . 
 it turned out to be a feint and tania rushed in with a right uppercut , precisely to the opponent 's solar plexus . 
 it caused her opponent to drop her guard and tania took the opportunity to throw a left hook at the opponent 's temple . 
 all the punches landed , but her opponent hanged on to consciousness and tried to defend herself with a left hook . 
 tania moved with the punch and ended to the opponent 's right side . 
 from that position , tania landed a right straight on the opponent 's temple , causing her opponent to get shaky . 
 tania was very close to winning by ko , so her opponent tightened her guard . 
 tania simply started to throw jabs at her opponent . 
 jab after jab , it did n't seem to really do any type of damage . 
 the first round ended with tania having the lead , and the second one went the same way , with tania gaining the upper hand . 
 by the third round , the opponent had her face swollen and showing signs of exhaustion , while tania seemed to be in perfect condition . 
 in that round , tania started the fight with jabs to the opponent 's face . 
 the opponent was too tired to respond and got hit . 
 the opponent tried to protect her head , leaving her body exposed . 
 tania took the chance to strike the solar plexus and sent her opponent to the mat . 
 from there , the referee counted all the way to ten and ended the match in tania 's favor . 
 everyone in the office was amazed by tania 's skill and complete control of the match . 
 `` she 's ... strong , very strong . '' 
 said lea . 
 `` that she is . 
 most of her fights were won by ko , with a few wins by decision . 
 it is well noted that she has tremendous intelligence . '' 
 said alonso , who had to admit that it was a good record . 
 `` is she a counter-puncher ? '' 
 `` this is different from a counter-puncher . '' 
 said alinda , who got deep in thought . 
 `` a counter-puncher relies on using the strength of the opponent , like me for example . 
 what i saw in tania was different , she may have studied her opponent in the first round , but she did n't necessarily learn the timings to use counters . '' 
 `` then , what did she learned ? '' 
 `` as far as i could see , she was just gathering information to make a plan of attack . '' 
 `` that would explain why she was so offensive at the end , she knew she made enough damage to ko her opponent . '' 
 said hilda in a serious manner . 
 `` the movements , the attacks , the areas , they were all precise . '' 
 said alonso , who had to watch the video several times to notice that . 
 `` like an assassin . '' 
 salena cheerfully added to the conversation . 
 `` more like a genius . '' 
 corrected alinda , and she had to admit that it was impressive . 
 `` either way , she 's not invincible , even a genius like her can be beaten . 
 i already have some ideas on how to deal with her . '' 
 informed alonso . 
 `` really ? 
 how ? '' 
 asked lea , who was glad to hear that alonso already had a plan . 
 `` i 'll let you know later , so go and do your normal workouts , but be ready . 
 i 'm going to add something new to it . '' 
 `` i 'm ready . '' 
 alonso could see that . 
 `` okay , let 's get started . '' 
 alonso turned the tv off and everyone left the office to do their respective workouts , while hilda went home because she was still resting from her previous match . 
 once lea was ready to get started , she approached alonso . 
 `` i 'm ready , coach . '' 
 said lea with determination . 
 `` good , now go and lay on your back . '' 
 after alonso said that , lea did as asked . 
 `` yup , like that , now raise your upper body on your neck . '' 
 lea did n't question anything and did as told . 
 `` for starters , stay like that for 40 seconds . '' 
 alonso pulled out a sports timer and started it . 
 lea held her upper body through the 40 seconds . 
 `` good , rest up for 10 seconds and we will do this again . '' 
 `` so we 're working on my neck ? '' 
 asked lea while resting . 
 `` yup , a strong neck will help you resist damage from punches . 
 you may have to rush in to get at your best range , but it means getting into a barrage of attacks . 
 therefore , you need to have more resistance to avoid getting knocked down . '' 
 `` sounds like a good plan . '' 
 lea always believed in the coach . 
 `` there 's another reason for why i want you to have more resistance . '' 
 `` really , what 's that ? '' 
 lea returned to doing her new workout . 
 `` since she 's an out-boxer , she might attack you from a distance , so you know what that means . '' 
 alonso 's explanation made lea think . 
 lea quickly realized what alonso was talking about . 
 `` i can use the spear strike . '' 
 `` exactly , but after seeing her fight at close range , she might stick to you to prevent that , so you have to force her away from you . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 with the plan already in place , lea continued with her workout . 
 unfortunately , she knew that it would n't be an easy match , so she needed to be ready for anything . 
 at another gym , tania was seen doing weights , starting with 20 pounds in each hand . 
 while her body was training , she was making mental simulations and formulating battle plans in her mind . 
 tania was so focused in her thoughts , that she did n't notice her coach talking to her . 
 `` hey , tania , tania . '' 
 called a male voice . 
 tania did n't respond , so he moved in front of tania and called her once again . 
 `` tania ! '' 
 tania finally responded to the call . 
 `` huh ? 
 what ? '' 
 asked tania , who was surprised and confused at the same time . 
 `` you finally answer , what 's gotten into you ? '' 
 a male vanara asked with concern . 
 he had light golden brown hair , light brown eyes , and olive skin tone . 
 vanaras were half-human , half monkeys , who were believed in the hindu epics to be creatures with godly powers , capable of shape shifting and other supernatural powers . 
 they looked pretty close to humans , except for a few things , like the tail , the ears , and the hand-looking feet . 
 in ancient times , they lived closely to humans because it was easier for them to disguise themselves as humans . 
 that was the only reason people believed them to have shape shifting powers . 
 some areas hunted them down to make them slaves or , as some documents indicated , pets . 
 in modern times , they live all over the world , doing all sorts of jobs . 
 `` sorry , coach , i was going through my many , many simulations on how to fight my next opponent , specter . 
 as we have seen , she 's a very powerful opponent , capable of defeating someone like the hard-hitting and resilient luisa , or the flexible and quick karen . 
 very strong , very scary , she makes quite the challenge , quite the test . '' 
 said tania with a nearly expressionless face . 
 she spoke fast , but the coach understood her because he had gotten used to it . 
 `` yeah yeah , i know , i still do n't like the way you put it , but if it helps you in winning matches , then i ca n't complain . '' 
 the vanara 's discontent was showing on his face . 
 `` do n't worry , aaron , i have made plans for her , calculated everything from her , but watching videos is n't enough , i need to fight the real specter , need to calculate the real problem , need to have the precise numbers , no rounding up , not imaginary ones . '' 
 `` okay , but remember this , even tests can have trick questions in them . '' 
 `` do not worry , this test has no tricks , very straightforward , one must simply calculate , read the problem carefully , understand the problem , gather data , calculate , and solve the problem . '' 
 there were times when aaron wondered about tania 's ability to talk so fast without taking a breather . 
 `` all right , now that we got that out of the way , why do n't you take a rest ? 
 you get so lost in your thoughts that you sometimes forget when to take a break . '' 
 there were times that her thoughts made her clumsy , like the time she hit a door on her way out . 
 `` all right , good idea , i 'll do that , right now . '' 
 after tania said that , she put the weights down and simply stayed on the bench . 
 aaron believed that she was going to keep thinking . 
 with no other business with her , aaron decided to take his leave . 
 `` i keep wondering why you picked up a brutal sport like boxing , if you could have become something bigger than this with that intellect of yours . '' 
 it had been around a year since tania started to box . 
 the first impression that she gave , was that of a strange lamia who did n't look like she could take down a five-year old . 
 that impression was blown away when tania fought her first sparring match . 
 they found out that she was a genius , someone with the mind that could rival the very own albert einstein , maybe even smarter than him . 
 she could calculate speed , distance , angle , and everything else about her opponents in less than a minute , maybe in 20 seconds . 
 it turned out that tania was a math genius , which explained her ability to make such quick calculations and battle plans . 
 tania was a peculiar lamia . 
 she was capable of quick thinking and a fast learner , which also made her plan her entire speech . 
 that explained her ability to talk so quickly . 
 even with that intellect , she never thought of others as foolish or slow , she simply knew that she thought differently than them . 
 unfortunately , not everyone thought the same way , making it difficult for her to make friends , which she did n't have in her school days . 
 the teachers were a different story . 
 they were all marveled by her intelligence , giving her perfect scores in her grades . 
 that made her parents very happy because they knew that she could become someone in her life . 
 it was n't enough for tania because she did n't feel the feeling of accomplishment , of success . 
 she knew that gaining perfect scores was something to be proud of , but it felt dull to her . 
 one day , while sliding back home from shopping , she slid by a boxing gym , which had a sparring match between two boxers . 
 it got her attention , so she started to watch from the outside , watching every punch and movement . 
 she quickly started to calculate the reach of each boxer , their speed , everything . 
 after one of the boxers won the match , she was amazed by it , she felt the challenge in the boxing match . 
 tania went home , went straight to her room , and started to watch boxing videos in her computer . 
 after tania watched boxers win matches and championships , she imagined herself in their places . 
 she could imagine the challenge of the match , the applause from the crowd , the accomplishment of a life time . 
 on that day , she decided to become a boxer , which her parents were n't so happy about , but they had never seen her so enthusiastic about anything before . 
 even if they said no , she would keep the idea in mind . 
 she was known to be somewhat stubborn , which was on rare occasions . 
 eventually , they decided to let her go to the gym and hoped that she would leave it soon or retire early in life . 
 since then , she had been considered a genius in the boxing world , many people started to consider her the champion of the tournament . 
 unfortunately , lea was getting in tania 's way , and there was no other option , but to defeat her . 
 there was only two weeks left before the match and lea 's workout to strengthen the neck had paid off . 
 it could be easy to notice the tough muscles in the neck . 
 it made everyone believe that she could take a bat to the head and she could still keep fighting . 
 fortunately , it was n't buff enough to make her look too big , but it was enough to show strength . 
 while training , she was told that she had a visitor , but they did n't know who it was . 
 if it was julie , they would have known , since they have seen her before . 
 `` i wonder who it is . '' 
 thought lea . 
 as she slid to the directed person , she started to realize who it was . 
 `` zora !? '' 
 said lea in surprise . 
 `` hello , lea , how are you ? '' 
 asked the werebat journalist , who gave lea a smile . 
 `` i-i 'm fine , h-how did you find me ? '' 
 `` i remember the first gym that you joined , so i just needed to get the directions . '' 
 `` oh , okay . 
 so ... what brings you here ? '' 
 `` i just wanted to hear some comments from the rising seeds in this tournament , starting with you . '' 
 as zora answered the question , she started to pull out a recorder from a pocket in her pants . 
 she was wearing blue jeans with a sky-blue shirt , and black gloves . 
 `` what do you think of your opponent who has the reputation of been a genius ? '' 
 `` genius ? 
 i did n't know she had that reputation , but i know that she 's a strong boxer . '' 
 calmly answered lea , but she was n't used to been interviewed , so she felt a little awkward . 
 `` so , are you confident that you can defeat her ? '' 
 `` well , all i can do is keep working hard and put everything i have worked for in the match . '' 
 lea sounded timid . 
 `` that 's quite a humble response , but does n't sound like you would lose . '' 
 `` i believe in the coach and my training , i know i can beat her if i work hard enough . '' 
 zora could hear that lea had complete faith in alonso . 
 `` no arrogance or overconfidence , you sound like a true sportswoman . 
 do you feel confident enough to say that you 're going to win this tournament ? '' 
 after hearing the question , lea seemed to get serious and lost herself in her own thoughts . 
 she looked at the floor and answered . 
 `` i have no choice , i ca n't lose after coming this far . '' 
 zora knew when it was starting to get personal , so she decided to stop with her questions and put away the recorder . 
 `` thanks for taking some of your time for me . '' 
 that got lea 's attention . 
 `` oh , uh , it 's nothing , i was about to take a break anyways . '' 
 answered lea in a polite way . 
 `` you know , you 're not the same lea that i remember . 
 i remember you been quiet the troublemaker and pretty much the definition of arrogance and greed . '' 
 after zora finished saying that , hilda arrived at the gym . 
 they could see that she went to do her roadwork . 
 `` hey , lass . '' 
 hilda greeted lea before she noticed the guest . 
 hilda had to admit it , the guest was quite beautiful . 
 `` well , hello there , are you a friend of the lass here ? '' 
 hilda tried to sound flattering , but it did n't seem to work well . 
 `` i 'm actually a journalist , and i came here to hear lea 's opinion about her next opponent . '' 
 answered zora with a professional tone in her voice . 
 after hearing zora using lea 's , hilda got serious . 
 `` how do you know her name ? '' 
 asked hilda with an intimidating voice . 
 `` i actually remembered her the moment i saw her . '' 
 answered zora without showing any signs of fear . 
 lea did n't like where it was going , so she decided to help calm things down . 
 `` it 's okay , hilda , it 's just an arrangement that we have . 
 she will keep my name a secret as long as i let her interview me first . '' 
 while lea was saying that , she stood in front of hilda . 
 lea 's eyes pleading hilda to calm down , but it did n't seem to be enough . 
 `` so she blackmailed you . '' 
 said hilda with a frown on her face and tried to get in zora 's face , but lea stopped her . 
 `` no no ... well , okay , she did , but she did n't seem to have any ulterior motives . '' 
 lea looked at zora , who had a perplexed face . 
 `` wait , are you two friends ? '' 
 asked zora . 
 `` is that a problem ? '' 
 asked hilda . 
 `` no no , of course not . 
 is just ... i thought lea did n't get along with the other members , especially with you . 
 as far as i knew , lea 's attitude was quite ... hard to deal with , so i thought that you would have hard feelings against her . '' 
 `` all was forgiven a long time now . '' 
 answered hilda with a smile as she rubbed lea 's head . 
 the display seemed to soften zora . 
 `` i see . 
 please believe me when i say that i had no intention of causing lea any sort of trouble . 
 i just needed to get a story , since that 's the only way for me to make a living . 
 since lea was a previous champion , i thought i could get one from her . 
 considering her past , i thought i would n't get one , without forcing her to . 
 sorry if i caused problems . '' 
 zora was completely sincere about her apology , and hilda seemed to believe her because she started to calm down . 
 `` well , if the she 's fine with it , then i 'm fine with it too . '' 
 `` she 's actually a nice person . '' 
 zora started to feel more respect for hilda . 
 `` now , how about we celebrate this with a cup of coffee with me ? 
 my treat of course . '' 
 `` and now , she ruins it . 
 you 're quiet persistent , is the national champion always trying to flirt with women ? '' 
 zora 's contempt was showing on her face . 
 `` only with beautiful women such as yourself . '' 
 answered hilda while continuing with her flirting . 
 `` okay , i was thinking of getting an interview from you , but i changed my mind . 
 see you later , lea , and good luck on your next match . '' 
 `` take care , zora . '' 
 answered lea and zora started to head to the door . 
 hilda did n't let that discourage her and started to follow zora . 
 `` want me to walk you home ? '' 
 asked hilda , who tried to sound like a proper person . 
 `` you do n't have legs . '' 
 said zora , who was n't falling for such a gentry move from hilda . 
 `` slide , walk , the point is still the same . '' 
 `` no thank you , i can fly . '' 
 once zora was outside , she opened her wings , started to flap them , lifted herself off the ground , and flew away . 
 hilda stood outside of the gym , watching zora fly away , and lea slid towards hilda to stand beside her . 
 `` i do n't think she likes you that much . '' 
 said lea , who did n't like it when people thought badly of hilda , especially when she was actually a good person . 
 `` oh , do n't worry about it . 
 persistence always gets you results . 
 besides , i 'm sure she 'll warm up to me when she gets to know me . '' 
 responded hilda with a playful smile . 
 `` so , you do n't flirt with women all the time ? '' 
 `` oh no , she got that right , but there 's a reason why i do that . '' 
 `` really ? 
 what 's that ? '' 
 `` do n't worry about it , lass . 
 besides , you have enough on your end to worry about . '' 
 hilda rubbed lea 's head . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` you 'll find out some other time . 
 now , let 's go back in , we still have some work to do . '' 
 `` oh , okay . '' 
 they both went into the gym and resumed their training . 
 the next day , lea was taking the day off , and decided to make a phone call to julie . 
 lea promised to jenny that she would try to visit more often , but she got busy preparing for her next match . 
 once lea dialed the number , the phone started to ring , and kept ringing for a few more moments , until julie answered . 
 `` hey , lea , how are you ? '' 
 greeted julie with her usual cheerfulness . 
 `` hello , i 'm doing well , i just wanted to know if i could go and visit . '' 
 said lea . 
 `` of course , i 'm still working , but i should be done in a little while . 
 i might be done by the time you get here . '' 
 `` oh , okay . 
 then , i 'll head there right now . '' 
 `` okay , see you later . '' 
 `` see you . '' 
 they both hanged up and lea prepared to leave . 
 since it was at julie 's place , she decided to dress with her usual cargo pants , a t-shirt , and a sleeveless vest with a hood . 
 on the first day that zora found out about lea , lea started wearing hoods more frequently , to avoid anyone else recognizing her . 
 lea took the bus and simply waited until the bus reached her destination , or as close as it could get . 
 once she got off the bus , lea slid towards the house , and went in . 
 before she could start asking around about julie , she heard someone calling her name . 
 `` lea ! '' 
 said a familiar , little girl 's voice and lea looked towards the source of the voice . 
 lea only got a glimpse of jenny , before she started running straight to lea and jumped towards her . 
 jenny jumped so high that she easily reached lea 's chest level , and grabbed lea in a hug , which lea returned by hugging back . 
 after that , jenny looked at lea . 
 `` you came back . '' 
 jenny had a smile on her face . 
 `` hey , jenny , how have you been ? '' 
 asked lea while smiling back at jenny . 
 `` i 've been good , why did it take you so long to come back ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , i 've been busy with something , but i have the whole day , so what do you want to do ? '' 
 before jenny could answer , julie walked up to them . 
 `` actually , she has some homework to do and we were just about to do it . '' 
 said julie with a smile . 
 she had a book , a notebook , and writing material in one arm . 
 `` hey , julie , is good to see you . '' 
 lea put the girl down . 
 `` it 's good to see you too . '' 
 julie walked to lea and gave her a hug . 
 lea seemed to be getting used to it because she returned the hug . 
 after a few moments , they let go of each other . 
 `` wait , homework ? 
 is she doing okay ? '' 
 lea started to worry because she knew that school could get difficult . 
 `` do n't worry , she 's doing okay , there 's just some things that she 's having problems with , nothing serious . 
 besides , i always try to help the kids whenever i can with their school work . '' 
 julie put her hands on her hips and lifted her head , feeling proud for helping the kids . 
 `` that 's amazing . 
 you do that while maintaining this house . '' 
 said lea in wonder . 
 `` yeah , it makes me wish to help them more than working behind a desk . '' 
 the thought made julie 's shoulder slump a little . 
 `` well , i was n't that good at school , but i could try to help . '' 
 lea started to rub her head , feeling a little embarrassed after revealing that . 
 `` well , it 's just simple math problems , nothing too serious . 
 come on , we can talk while i help jenny with her work . '' 
 that lifted lea 's mood . 
 `` sounds good for me . '' 
 after that , they started to head to the stairs , but lea knew that the second floor had the bedrooms and the office . 
 once they reach them , they go downstairs , which would be a first for lea . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 `` to the library . '' 
 answered julie . 
 `` you have a library downstairs ? '' 
 `` yup . '' 
 they reach the bottom of the stairs and move towards the end of the corridor , which splits into two corridors , one going left and the other going right . 
 they go to the right , and lea could see that there were three different doors , but they enter the first one , and into the library . 
 the place had shelves and bookcases filled with books , many of them for children . 
 others were encyclopedias and reference books , the library had many books of many categories . 
 on one half of the library , where chairs and tables , where some kids were sitting to either read or work on something . 
 to the left of the door , was a desk , where they see nick , who was busy reading a book of his own . 
 he notice the trio arriving at the library and took his eyes away from the book to look at them . 
 `` well , hello there . 
 hey , lea , it 's been a while . '' 
 greeted nick with a friendly smile . 
 `` hey , nick , how have you been ? '' 
 said lea , who was happy that the old lizardman was doing well . 
 `` i 'm still alive and kicking , as you can see . 
 what brings you guys here ? '' 
 `` we 're going to help jenny with her homework . '' 
 answered julie . 
 `` well , do n't let me keep you , stay as long as you need to . '' 
 said nick . 
 `` thanks , nick . 
 okay , let 's go to that table . '' 
 julie pointed to a nearby table and the trio head to it to take a seat . 
 once seated , julie put the book down and gave it to jenny , who opened it to the assigned page . 
 it was mostly simple math , with additions and subtractions . 
 jenny did n't complain , but they could see that jenny would prefer to do something else than her homework . 
 `` i know how you feel , jenny , i did n't like doing my homework either , but it 's for your own good to know these things . '' 
 said lea . 
 `` i know , but it 's so boring . '' 
 answered jenny with a pout on her face . 
 `` do n't be sad , we can play with lea once you 're done with your homework , okay ? '' 
 suggested julie and jenny liked the idea . 
 `` okay . '' 
 after that , jenny started to work on her math problems . 
 while jenny was working on her math problems , julie and lea started to have some small talk , wondering what the other has been up to . 
 lea simply mentioned how busy she had been at the gym , never mentioning anything about her matches . 
 julie said that she had been doing nothing special and everything in the house was going well . 
 lea and julie kept their conversation going , until jenny called for julie 's attention . 
 `` excuse me , julie . '' 
 said jenny , hoping that she was n't interrupting something important . 
 `` oh , do you need help ? '' 
 asked julie . 
 she knew that jenny would only call for help . 
 `` yeah , in this part . '' 
 jenny pointed to the part of the book where it was showing some division problems . 
 `` division ? 
 i thought it was only addition and subtractions . '' 
 said lea , who did n't expect jenny to be dealing with something like that . 
 `` oh no , it may not look like it since she 's actually very quiet , but she 's really smart . 
 look at these problems . '' 
 said julie , and she pointed to the mentioned addition and subtractions problems . 
 to lea 's surprise , some of the math problems were more advanced than she thought it would be . 
 `` she can actually do this without any help ? 
 if she 's asking for help now , it must be something insanely high leveled for her . '' 
 lea looked at the problem that jenny was having problems with . 
 it was an easy problem for lea , but she did n't expect a kid at jenny 's age to be able to solve it . 
 `` that 's pretty impressive , you 're pretty impressive , jenny . '' 
 lea looked at jenny in amazement . 
 `` thanks , but i 'm having problems with these ones . '' 
 said jenny , who started to point out the problems . 
 `` i 'm trying to do them , but i do n't understand them , and i try to read the explanation , but it 's too confusing . '' 
 both lea and julie could see that jenny was falling under the pressure of the problem . 
 `` it 's okay , jenny , come here . '' 
 said julie . 
 she tried to calm jenny using a soothing voice , and then , julie grabbed jenny in a hug . 
 the move seemed to work because jenny returned the hug and smiled at julie . 
 `` now , let me help you with it . '' 
 julie started to explain how to do the problem , and jenny paid close attention . 
 lea considered it a cute scene . 
 `` was it something new for you ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` not really , the teacher explained it really well , i just did n't expect it to get more difficult . '' 
 answered jenny . 
 `` it 's alright , i also fell for this kind of stuff , but i was n't that much into it . 
 of course , i tried my best to do it right , but in the end , my parents tended to help me out . '' 
 after that , jenny continued with her homework and finished with julie 's help . 
 once they were done , they went to jenny 's room to put her stuff away and went to the backyard to play with the other kids . 
 after playing for a while , they stopped to eat lunch . 
 julie and lea took the opportunity to eat together , along with jenny . 
 after the meal , they spent more time with the kids , but some of them went to their rooms after a while , and the rest wanted to watch movies with lea and julie . 
 lea did n't have any problem with it , even if the movies were made for kids . 
 it was decided that they would watch them at julie 's room , which julie had no problem with . 
 when everyone reached julie 's room , the kids took a seat on the floor . 
 lea and julie took a seat on the bed with some of the smaller kids . 
 by the time they finished with the third movie , it was already starting to get dark , so the kids decided to go to their rooms . 
 they did n't go to sleep just yet , but they wanted to spend some time for themselves . 
 after the last of the kids was gone , julie spoke to lea . 
 `` say , what if we watch something more to our age ? '' 
 julie did n't mind cartoons , but preferred something different . 
 `` okay , what do you have in mind ? '' 
 lea was curious to know julie 's taste in movies . 
 when lea gave her answer , julie went to the tv 's furniture and opened the small doors , revealing a lot of movies . 
 `` well , i got some action movies , sci-fi movies , comedy , whatever you like . '' 
 `` it 's okay , you can pick the movie . '' 
 `` okay , let 's watch this one . 
 i have n't seen this one yet . '' 
 julie showed the mentioned movie . 
 `` too busy to watch them ? '' 
 `` yup . '' 
 with that said , julie put the movie and played it . 
 `` where do you get these movies ? 
 gifts ? '' 
 `` well , when a staff member goes to buy movies , i ask them to buy some for me , with my money , of course . '' 
 after that , they watched the movie , which lea liked , even if the ending was predictable . 
 after that , lea watched the clock and said . 
 `` uh oh , it 's getting late . 
 i better hurry if i want to reach the gym at a good time . '' 
 lea started to get up from the bed . 
 `` do n't worry , i can take you . '' 
 `` if it 's not a bother . '' 
 `` of course not , come on . '' 
 they leave julie 's room and get to julie 's car . 
 once they arrive at the gym , lea got out of the car , said her goodbyes to julie , and went into the gym . 
 the gym was closed for the night , so she simply headed to her apartment , ate something for dinner , took a shower , put on her pajamas , and headed to bed . 
 the next day , lea was working with alonso on the mitts . 
 `` that 's it , keep punching , do n't stop punching , every moment you stop punching , your giving tania time to plan an escape . '' 
 said alonso and went quiet as lea kept punching . 
 suddenly , alonso put the mitt to the right side of his body . 
 `` here ! '' 
 as alonso prepared to take the punch , lea threw a liver blow to the mitt on alonso 's body . 
 the sound it made would make anyone cringe and believe that taking one of those body blows could break a rib or two . 
 `` good , one of these punches would stop tania in her movements , but you ca n't charge in so quickly . 
 put the pressure on her . 
 keep it coming until you see an opportunity . 
 then , punch with all you got and stop her from moving . 
 it would make it easier to take her on in an in-fight . '' 
 `` is n't she going to be ready for this ? 
 she 's called the ` genius ' for something . '' 
 questioned lea . 
 `` technique and intelligence , these are important parts in boxing , but even these do not make a boxer invincible . 
 all of that can be defeated with determination and hard work . 
 now , rest up for a little while , and we 'll get back to your training . '' 
 alonso took the mitts off and walked away to help other boxers . 
 `` okay . '' 
 lea took off her gloves and slid to a bench . 
 while resting , hilda approached lea . 
 `` hey , lass , can i ask you something ? '' 
 asked hilda , who sounded eager . 
 `` yeah , of course . '' 
 answered lea . 
 `` great , great , do you know if zora is coming any time soon ? '' 
 `` not really , why do you ask ? '' 
 `` come on , lass , you know i 'm interested on her , and you seem to be the closest to her . '' 
 hilda 's eyes were accusing lea of hiding something . 
 `` sorry , hilda , she never tells me when she 's coming . '' 
 lea tried to be as sincere as possible , and hilda could see that lea was telling the truth . 
 `` that sucks . 
 i could have tried to ask her out . '' 
 hilda looked saddened . 
 `` not this again . '' 
 they heard a voice behind hilda and they turned to the source , which turned out to be alinda , who looked annoyed . 
 `` what do you mean by , ` not this again ' ? '' 
 hilda started to feel a little insulted . 
 `` you fool around with women , but you never keep a relationship , they 're mostly just one night stands . '' 
 `` at least i have some fun every once in a while , i bet you 're still a virgin . '' 
 hilda gave alinda a mocking grin . 
 `` t-that 's not the point here . 
 remember the last time you tried to have a relationship , but got dumped . '' 
 `` you got dumped ? '' 
 asked lea , who got surprised by that new information . 
 `` a long time ago . '' 
 answered hilda , who looked bothered . 
 `` a time that would live in infamy , she came to the gym with such an awful mood that no one wanted to spar with her . 
 the only one brave enough to work with her was the coach himself , and let me tell you , i do n't want a repeat of that . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` it was n't that bad . '' 
 hilda thought that alinda was exaggerating . 
 `` not that bad ?! 
 i think five people left the gym because of you . '' 
 `` well , the past is in the past , let 's enjoy the now . 
 besides , there 's someone here who has it the worst . '' 
 hilda gave a suspicious smile to alinda . 
 `` i 'm fine as it is . 
 she has to support her family , so she does n't have time for relationships . '' 
 `` you could help her with that , and imagine if you two were together . 
 going to the movies , eat at a fancy restaurant , and imagine where it would lead . '' 
 while hilda was saying that , she put her left arm around alinda and they turned around . 
 `` i-i do n't know what you 're talking about . '' 
 alinda turned her face away from hilda , in an attempt to hide a blush . 
 `` she 's quiet cheerful and straight-forward , but it might be a disguise to hide a wild beast in bed . '' 
 said hilda as they looked at the mentioned lamia at the other side of the gym , working on the heavy bag . 
 alinda tried to avoid it , but her face started to get even redder . 
 `` and so , you should just tell her how you feel . '' 
 `` it 's not that simple . '' 
 alinda sounded a little depressed . 
 `` yes it is . '' 
 `` because you 're used to it . '' 
 responded alinda as she looked back at hilda . 
 `` maybe , but listen , if you do n't say something quick , someone else will and you 're going to regret not saying a word . '' 
 alinda seemed to think about it . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i need to be ready for it . '' 
 alinda did n't seem convinced . 
 `` of course , but remember , we 're here to support you , right , lea ? '' 
 asked hilda to the lamia behind them . 
 `` i ... do n't know what you were talking about , but yeah , you can count on me . '' 
 said lea . 
 `` see , so take your time , get your courage , and go ask her out . '' 
 said hilda . 
 `` you know , you 're right , i should just go and ask her . '' 
 said alinda , and hilda could see that alinda was determined to do it . 
 `` that 's the spirit , now go get her , lass . '' 
 hilda let go of alinda and the little lamia slid straight to salena . 
 `` well , now that she 's off my back , are you sure zora is n't coming today ? '' 
 said hilda as she turned towards lea . 
 `` did you just say that to make her leave ? '' 
 asked lea , and she was suspecting a yes . 
 `` kind of , but i tried to help her out , look . '' 
 said hilda as she pointed at alinda , who approached salena . 
 they seem to get into a small conversation , which ended too quickly in hilda 's opinion . 
 alinda went back to lea and hilda with a face that was hard to read . 
 `` so ... how did it go ? '' 
 alinda let her shoulders fall , let out a big sigh , and said . 
 `` i ended up asking how she was doing and when was her next match . 
 when i tried to say what i wanted , i just felt too nervous and left . '' 
 alinda was looking more depressed than before . 
 `` whoa , well ... uh . '' 
 said hilda , who did n't know what to say . 
 `` i-it 's okay alinda , i 'm sure you 'll get another chance , just do n't give up , okay ? '' 
 said lea , who was eagerly trying to cheer alinda up . 
 `` what makes you think i will give up ? 
 i have been trying for a long time . 
 i ca n't just let it end here . '' 
 answered alinda , which brought relief to lea and hilda , knowing that alinda would n't let it bring her down forever . 
 `` that 's the spirit , you can try another time . '' 
 said hilda with a smile , and gave a few light pats on alinda 's back . 
 `` hey , chica , how long are you going to be talking there , we need to keep training . '' 
 said alonso . 
 `` oh , sorry , sir . 
 see you guys later . '' 
 said lea . 
 she got up from the bench , put her gloves on , and slid back into the ring . 
 with lea gone , hilda and alinda decided to do the same and prepared for any future fights . 
 chapter 16 : time for the test it was the day of the match . 
 lea , alonso , and fergus were heading to the venue where the weigh-in would take place . 
 they arrive to the building , head to the designated room , and enter . 
 lea 's group found that tania , along with her coach , was already inside . 
 they could see that she was already dressing back into her street clothes , which made lea believe that they were late . 
 `` are we late ? '' 
 whispered lea . 
 `` no , we are in good time . 
 they may have come here earlier than normal . 
 for what reason , i do n't know , but we 're here , so let 's get this done . '' 
 answered alonso with a straight face . 
 `` all right . '' 
 lea started to take off her clothing , only leaving her underwear , and slid to the scale . 
 lea passed the weigh-in and started to dress , not noticing the gaze of her opponent . 
 tania was paying close attention to lea 's height and arm reach , without anyone noticing , except for her own coach . 
 tania quickly noticed that lea was taller by a few inches , which was strange to tania . 
 as far as she had studied , in-fighters were shorter , but lea was too tall for it . 
 however , in-fighters also had shorter reach than the average boxer , and tania quickly found out that lea 's arms were a little short . 
 eventually , lea got the feeling that someone was watching her , so she turned around , and found tania staring at lea . 
 at that moment , lea was done changing , but that did n't bother tania because she was n't interested in lea 's looks . 
 lea was wondering why tania was still staring at lea . 
 `` hey , tania , are you done taking measurements ? '' 
 asked aaron in a whisper because he did n't want lea to find out what tania was doing . 
 `` yes , i 'm done , but it 's different measuring at a distance , not the same as feeling it , not reliable until i have seen a punch , felt a punch firsthand . '' 
 answered tania with a straight face . 
 `` if you 're done , then why not greet her ? 
 you might not see her after the match . '' 
 `` you 're right , i should watch my manners , and my mother always wanted me to show proper manners . '' 
 tania started to slid towards lea . 
 lea noticed tania approaching and did n't know what to do , not even when tania stood right in front of lea . 
 at that moment , lea did the first thing that came to mind . 
 `` h-hello , tania , nice to meet you . '' 
 said lea . 
 she offered her hand , which tania looked at and quickly shook . 
 `` hello , specter , if that is your name , quite an interesting ring name , why did you pick that one ? 
 then again , is none of my business , is yours only , not mine . '' 
 responded tania . 
 lea barely caught any of tania 's words , and after tania said that , they let go of their hands . 
 `` uh , yeah , but it was n't me who picked it . 
 anyways , i wish you good luck in our upcoming match . '' 
 lea gave tania a timid smile . 
 `` oh yes , thank you very much , the same goes to you , but it would have been best if you have n't come to the weigh-in , maybe after me or before me . 
 either way , it was n't a good idea . '' 
 informed tania , which confused both lea and alonso . 
 `` what do you mean by that ? '' 
 asked alonso in suspicion . 
 `` i could tell the strength of specter , strong muscles , strong grip , could cause serious damage to me , but i have gathered better measurements through the handshake , i have a better idea of how far she can reach with each punch , she wo n't be able to reach me now . '' 
 answered tania , and alonso did n't miss any of it because he was paying close attention . 
 `` we 'll see in the match . 
 let 's go , chica . '' 
 alonso started to leave the room , followed by fergus and lea . 
 lea , alonso , and fergus were outside of the building , and heading back to the gym . 
 `` do you think tania was right ? 
 maybe i should n't have shaken hands with her . '' 
 said lea . 
 `` just because she 's your opponent it does n't mean you have to forget your manners . 
 even if she did gathered information , it 's not the same thing when you 're facing your opponent in the ring . 
 besides , i took a good look at her body . '' 
 answered alonso , who started to calm down . 
 `` what do you think ? 
 i was n't paying attention . '' 
 `` she 's fit , and seems to have trained to have a better punching power , but it did n't look like she could take a punch . '' 
 `` in other words ... '' `` a good punch to the body or the head could stop her in her tracks . 
 either way , she wo n't be able to trade blows against you . 
 i 'm pretty sure she knows this , so she will try to attack you from a distance or with extreme precaution . '' 
 `` then , i 'll have to force her to fight me head on . '' 
 lea felt confident that she would win at a close range . 
 `` easier said than done , that 's why i added training for the neck , so that you can keep going and take punishment if necessary . '' 
 `` i hope that 's enough . '' 
 `` it will be . 
 now go home and rest . 
 tonight is going to be busy . '' 
 after alonso said that , they all continued on their way to the gym to prepare for the upcoming match against a mathematical genius . 
 that night , lea , her friends , and her seconds headed to the venue where lea 's match would take place . 
 just like always , lea 's friends went to take their seats , while lea waited in the locker room for the call of the staff . 
 lea was warming up , working in her combinations , shadow boxing , trying to tell how to attack tania , and how to respond to her attacks . 
 lea tried to spar with some of the members who were out-boxers . 
 alinda was one of them , but it was n't the same as dealing with the real person . 
 in another locker room , tania was warming up , just like any other boxer , but her mind was elsewhere . 
 tania was making calculations , battle plans , finding probabilities on how lea would react , and how far lea could reach . 
 most importantly , tania was calculating her probabilities of avoiding and dodging all of lea 's attacks . 
 `` you look more nervous than before . '' 
 said aaron , and he did n't like it one bit . 
 `` not nervous , simply thinking , calculating , i know i can win this match , but have to be careful , not reckless , must avoid every single punch , or i might lose and quickly . '' 
 answered tania . 
 `` good point , and i saw lea 's body . 
 let me tell you , she can take punishment , especially in the head . '' 
 `` yes , she 's strong , and really tough , but there 's something that i want to take down , something that can help me win by knock out . '' 
 by the time tania was done talking , a staff member entered her locker room to inform her that her match was about to begin . 
 `` well , whatever it is that you have planned , it better work against specter , or this is going to be a long fight . '' 
 after aaron said that , they both leave the locker room and head to the arena . 
 lea was already informed of her match and started to head to the arena with her seconds . 
 both lea and tania entered the arena and started heading to the ring . 
 lea was hoping to bring tania down with pressure , while tania will use a secret weapon that she had n't mentioned to aaron . 
 both boxers arrive at the ring and slide into it . 
 among the audience , lea 's friends started a conversation about tania . 
 `` so , what do you think about tania ? '' 
 hilda asked to alinda . 
 `` she looks ready , sharp . 
 she wo n't attack in the first rounds . 
 the fight might go all the way to the last round . '' 
 answered alinda , who was carefully watching tania . 
 `` she might try to end it early , since lea could take her down easily . '' 
 said salena . 
 she did n't believe that tania could take that much damage . 
 `` if she can land a punch . '' 
 answered alinda . 
 `` let 's just hope that lea can come out on top from this . '' 
 added hilda , and they all decide to give their best wishes to lea . 
 both boxers were waiting on their corners with their seconds . 
 `` remember , lea , put the pressure on tania and take whatever chance you get to land a body blow . '' 
 said alonso . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 responded lea . 
 on the other corner , tania was also receiving advice . 
 `` you got to avoid specter 's attacks at any cost . 
 taking one of those blows from her could be bad news for you . '' 
 said aaron . 
 `` do n't worry , i 'll be fine , there 's something that i can use if things get too difficult . '' 
 answered tania . 
 the announcer ordered the seconds to leave the ring and both boxers waited for the bell . 
 meanwhile , the audience was waiting to see whether the genius or the fighter would come out victorious . 
 the audience did n't have to wait for long because the bell ringed . 
 to start things off , lea dashed towards tania 's corner in an attempt to trap tania in her corner as soon as possible . 
 tania barely escaped from the corner by moving to the right side and attacked with jabs , which lea blocked with her usual peek-a-boo style . 
 tania used a very common stance , which many would call `` a textbook stance '' , but it was still effective . 
 lea continued to pursue tania , but lea did n't throw any attacks because she needed to trap tania or find a chance first . 
 tania moved around and kept throwing jabs at lea , who easily blocked them . 
 lea kept chasing tania in an attempt to put pressure on her . 
 unfortunately , lea noticed that tania was still calm . 
 she did n't show signs of suffering any type of pressure . 
 since chasing did n't seem to be working at all , lea decided to throw some jabs to make things more difficult for tania . 
 lea threw a left jab at tania , who dodged it by leaning back . 
 tania fought back with a left jab , which lea ducked . 
 then , she tried to rush in , but tania slid back with a left jab , which lea blocked . 
 lea attempted to throw another jab , but tania avoided the punch , not by leaning back , but simply by moving back . 
 lea moved forward and attempted to hit with a left jab , but it was blocked . 
 it did n't hit tania , but it seemed to have surprised her , if only a little . 
 in tania 's corner , aaron noticed the surprise on tania 's face , which surprised him . 
 `` was it really that strong of a jab ? 
 i know that specter have an insane punching power , but was n't expecting tania to be surprised by it . 
 either way , it wo n't matter if none of those punches land cleanly . 
 it would be just a matter of time before tania gets complete knowledge of her opponent . '' 
 thought aaron . 
 on lea 's corner , even if lea had n't landed anything , none of the seconds looked worried . 
 `` not a bad start , chica . 
 now , tania knows of your destructive punching power , the knowledge of having to avoid every single punch would be a good mental strain for tania . 
 do n't let up , we 're just getting started . '' 
 thought alonso in confidence . 
 `` that was a strong jab , stronger than anticipated , must be careful , i ca n't let even a jab hit me . '' 
 thought tania to herself and proceeded to throw more jabs at lea , which lea blocked . 
 lea was still having some problems in catching tania because she only moved around and threw jabs at lea . 
 fortunately , lea could feel with her block that tania did n't have a destructive punching power . 
 with that in mind , lea was going to try a simultaneous exchange in the next jab . 
 tania threw a left jab at lea , and lea took the opportunity to throw a left jab . 
 lea was expecting to make it into a simultaneous exchange , but it did n't happen . 
 instead , she was punched in the face , and did n't feel anything on her fist . 
 fortunately , it did n't cause as much damage as she thought . 
 she felt some pain , but it did n't seem to be serious . 
 `` good thing my neck is tough , but it does n't make me feel that much better . 
 i thought my fist would land , what happened ? '' 
 thought lea . 
 while she was wondering about that , tania took the chance to attack with a right to lea 's face , which lea barely ducked . 
 `` it does n't matter , if making exchanges is not an option , then i 'll stick close to her and attack the body . '' 
 lea dashed forward in an attempt to reach tania 's body , but tania seemed to be moving fast enough and kept lea at punching range . 
 jabs hit lea 's guard , making it difficult for lea to rush in , but she was n't willing to let it go like that and kept pressing forward . 
 unfortunately , lea could n't close in on tania , but tania was throwing jabs at lea that were easy to block . 
 however , it only meant that tania was in control of the match , which meant that the judges would give the match to tania . 
 lea did n't care about that because she planned to end it with a ko . 
 the problem was to actually land a punch on tania , who seemed to be doing a good job at avoiding lea 's punches . 
 suddenly , tania decided to stop sliding away and rushed in . 
 lea did n't know why tania would do that , but lea took that as an opportunity to attack with some hooks and uppercuts . 
 to start things out , lea attempted a left hook , which tania dodged by moving with the punch . 
 then , lea attempted with a right hook , but again , tania dodged by moving with the punch . 
 that frustrated lea and threw a left uppercut at tania 's body , but was blocked with the right arm . 
 one minute into the fight , and it did n't look like lea was doing as well as people thought . 
 even though out-boxers tend to have problems with in-fighters , it seemed that tania was getting control of the match . 
 lea attempted to attack with hooks and uppercuts . 
 unfortunately , tania had gotten the speed and timing , which made it easy to dodge lea 's punches . 
 tania was also getting the speed of lea 's punch recovery . 
 after dodging a right hook , tania slid to lea 's right side and attempted to throw a right at lea 's temple , but lea barely ducked in time . 
 lea saw that as her opportunity to try to attack with a left uppercut to tania 's body . 
 unfortunately , tania dodged the attack by moving back and countered with a left jab to lea 's face . 
 again , the punch was n't very damaging , even if it was a counter . 
 however , lea knew that taking too many punches was never good , so she needed to put pressure . 
 with that mentality , lea moved forward under a barrage of left jabs , but could n't catch tania . 
 `` damn it , i ca n't close in , she just keeps moving away from me while keeping the right distance to attack . 
 still , i ca n't let that discourage me . 
 i have to keep moving forward , i have to trap her in the corner somehow . '' 
 thought lea . 
 she chased after tania , but that time , lea was aiming for any corner . 
 considering that none of those punches was hurting , lea started to push forward , making sure that tania headed straight to one of the nearest corners . 
 tania was still punching with left jabs , but was n't paying attention on where she was headed . 
 lea made sure to keep tania heading straight to a corner . 
 eventually , the plan paid off and tania ended up in one of the neutral corners . 
 `` so this is where you were leading me to , i thought you would be just a straight-forward boxer , but i may have miscalculated that . 
 no matter , i can think of someway to escape . '' 
 thought tania . 
 of course , tania had to think quickly because lea was n't going to let tania get away . 
 in the audience , alinda , salena , and hilda , were in their seats watching the match . 
 `` way to go ! 
 tania is going to feel the pain in no time . '' 
 said salena . 
 `` i wonder , out-boxers like me tend to know how to escape from the corner . 
 considering how smart tania is , she 's going to find a quick way out of this predicament . '' 
 responded alinda with a serious face . 
 `` i agree with alinda . 
 i mean , just look at tania 's face , she does n't look disturbed about it . 
 it looks like tania was expecting this move from lea . '' 
 said hilda , who was looking as serious as alinda . 
 `` i 'm sure lea can manage even with that , i have complete faith that she 's going to win . '' 
 said salena , and the other two agree with that , but they knew that it would n't be as easy as salena thought . 
 lea dashed forward in an attempt to make it into an in-fight , but tania thought of something to get out of the corner . 
 lea threw a right hook at tania 's head , which tania ducked , and escaped the ropes by slipping around lea . 
 lea was n't expecting tania to get out of the corner so easily , but lea simply chased after tania . 
 tania kept her distance with left jabs , so lea decided to weave and dodge the punches . 
 that became a little problem for tania because it was making it harder to actually hit lea . 
 however , tania started to observe lea 's weaving and trying to memorize the rhythm of the weaving . 
 it took over five seconds to memorize , and soon enough , tania was able to hit lea more often . 
 of course , that would n't discourage lea one bit . 
 she kept moving forward , while avoiding and parrying any punch that managed to hit her guard . 
 tania paid it no mind because she was confident that she would be able to avoid lea with ease . 
 lea continued to chase after tania , while tania kept attacking with endless jabs at lea , but unable to stop lea 's advance . 
 seeing that throwing jabs would n't be enough to take down the tougher lea , tania would have to bring lea down with counters . 
 however , if tania kept going as such , she might avoid any type of damage and win by decision . 
 not wanting to take risks , tania preferred to keep her rhythm and kept throwing jabs at lea . 
 unable to reach tania by avoiding and blocking the punches , lea decided to force her way in . 
 when tania landed a left jab on lea 's face , lea did n't stop there and simply forced her way through the punch . 
 lea 's move paid off and reached tania 's body , taking the opportunity to throw a right uppercut to tania 's body . 
 tania managed to slid back and counter with a right straight to lea 's face . 
 on the second minute of the first round , tania 's counter did n't seem to make serious damage , but lea felt it . 
 the fact that tania knew where the punch would land , and have the ability to counter , made lea wonder if tania could read minds . 
 `` how did she knew that ? 
 was my movement too obvious ? 
 was it too slow ? 
 i should n't worry about it . 
 i ca n't stop just because i took that counter . 
 i have to keep pushing forward . '' 
 thought lea . 
 she continued to move forward , which surprised tania , but only a little bit . 
 `` still moving forward ? 
 i hit her with a right counter , must have hurt , should have hurt , she should be feeling the damage to the head . 
 her vision should be more hazy . 
 if not , specter is tougher than expected , very resilient , must keep moving , i ca n't afford to take a hit from her . '' 
 thought tania . 
 she was starting to feel mental pressure , and did n't notice that she moved too far for her punches to reach lea . 
 lea took the chance to move forward , while tania recovered one of her punches . 
 the only thing that saved tania from getting into lea 's punching range , was the fact that she kept moving away from lea . 
 that did n't stop lea and she kept moving as if the counter did n't even happened , even though she actually felt something . 
 the only reason why she could absorb it to such an extent was because of the neck training . 
 unfortunately , she knew that it could turn dangerous if the fight continued that way . 
 then again , lea had no other plan to fight tania , unless lea used her sunday punch , the spear strike . 
 the only thing preventing lea from using it was the fact that tania could counter the attack and cause serious damage . 
 `` i have no choice . 
 this might be enough to put tremendous pressure on her . '' 
 with that in mind , lea pulled her tail forward , put it into a tight zigzag form , and prepared herself to launch her attack . 
 lea had learned the distance that her attack could reach , but she could n't move too fast while her tail was in that form , and tania noticed that . 
 `` this is what i was waiting , throw it if you can , it would be the end of the match . '' 
 tania slowly moved forward , knowing that the attack moved fast , so she needed to be ready to dodge or block it . 
 once tania was in lea 's range , lea launched herself with a right straight , which was going faster than tania expected . 
 tania knew that she would n't be able to move away in time , so she decided to block it and memorize the timing . 
 the spear strike was barely blocked , but it was so strong , so powerful , that it pushed her all the way to the ropes . 
 tania 's corner was alarmed by what just happened . 
 they were n't expecting tania to be pushed back , especially after blocking the punch . 
 `` holy mother of god , that 's out of this world , i 'm surprised that tania 's arms were n't torn apart ! '' 
 thought aaron , who was obviously agitated . 
 `` well , no matter , since tania managed to block it on time , but i 'm surprised that she would slide right into range of that crazy attack . '' 
 on lea 's corner , they were suspicious of tania because they could see that she voluntarily slid into the attack 's range . 
 `` is that part of her research ? 
 tania must be insane to do something like that , but if she is as smart as everyone say , then she will learn everything she needs . 
 it would be better if the chica refrained from using it . '' 
 thought alonso . 
 when tania revealed her face , everyone could see that there was blood coming out from her nose . 
 that surprised lea , but the one that was more surprised than her , was tania herself . 
 seeing that as a good sign , lea dashed forward , and tried to trap tania on the ropes . 
 tania pulled herself together and started throwing jabs at lea , trying to keep her away and escape from the ropes . 
 it was useless because lea kept moving forward , even if it hit her . 
 lea reached tania and threw a left hook at tania 's body . 
 tania avoided the attack by pushing the ropes behind her , which created enough space to make the hook miss . 
 then , tania retaliated with another jab to lea 's face . 
 lea attacked with a right uppercut to tania 's body , but it was parried to the side . 
 tania did n't waste any time to use that opportunity to escape from the ropes . 
 once she was out , she attacked with a left jab to lea 's head , but lea blocked it with a shoulder . 
 tania decided to create distance and started to attack with more left jabs to lea 's head . 
 the chasing went on again , but seeing that the spear strike actually touched tania , lea prepared to use it again . 
 tania noticed that and prepared herself to see the attack again . 
 it was n't to counter it , but because she wanted to find something curious about the attack . 
 once tania was in range , lea attacked with another spear strike . 
 tania blocked and slid back to reduce the force of the punch thrown at her . 
 by the time lea recovered her punch , the bell ringed and the referee got between them . 
 then , he ordered the boxers to return to their corners , and lea did as told , just like tania . 
 lea reached her corner , and her seconds started to work on her . 
 lea did n't seem to have any serious injuries on her , not even a little swelling on her face . 
 `` did you notice ? '' 
 asked alonso . 
 `` notice what ? '' 
 responded lea in confusion . 
 `` you did n't , huh ? 
 at the beginning of this round , she has been doing research on you . '' 
 `` research ? 
 so the first exchange ... '' lea did n't want to finish because she would n't like to hear it . 
 `` she landed the punch because she knew that your range was shorter than her and used that to counter you . 
 just like the other counters , she knows how far and how fast you can swing , but there 's nothing to worry about . 
 she 's starting to feel pressure , remember when one of her punches missed you ? '' 
 `` was n't because i was weaving ? 
 i noticed that it became more difficult to hit me . '' 
 `` no , she actually moved too far back , making the distance between the two of you too far for her lefts . 
 this shows that the pressure is getting to her , keep it up and she will start to panic . '' 
 `` maybe i should use the spear strike more often , she seems to realize how dangerous it is to block it , and maybe she wo n't try to counter that . '' 
 `` that might be too risky . 
 if she learns the speed and timings , then she will be able to counter , which could mean trouble for you . 
 first , stop her movement , and then you can use it on her . 
 hopefully , you wo n't need it at all , since tania does n't seem to have a lot of punching power and you would win any exchanges . '' 
 `` all right . '' 
 lea took the rest of the interval to rest up , while the seconds prepared her for the next round . 
 on the other corner , tania 's seconds were working on the bleeding nose , trying to clean it up to make it easier to breath for tania . 
 `` was that your plan ?! 
 countering the spear strike ?! 
 that 's just too risky , if you get hit with that insane attack , it would take you down with one hit ! 
 we do n't have the luxury to take even a single one , just play it safe and we can win in the later rounds ! '' 
 said aaron , who was nearly begging tania to take the safe way . 
 `` playing it safe would mean giving lea more time to close in , too risky both ways , must find a way to end the match quickly , ca n't let it go on for long . 
 countering the spear strike is the fastest way , wo n't bring her down , but will leave her weakened , good chance to knock her down . '' 
 answered tania , not showing any signs of fear , and aaron could see that she wo n't change her mind . 
 `` specter might be tough , but you got the brains , you already got her speed and distance . 
 just counter her , not even she can keep going if she keeps accumulating damage . '' 
 `` do not worry , i 'll counter , keep countering , and attacking . 
 gaining points , getting judges at my side , i simply want to secure my victory in both ways . '' 
 `` all right , be careful either way , the last thing we need is you ending in the hospital . '' 
 `` understood , will be careful , take opportunity when is safe to do . '' 
 tania did n't want to say it , but she was actually scared of the spear strike . 
 even with the calculations , she was n't fast enough to move out of the way , her body was n't fast enough to avoid it . 
 every time she thought about it , it made her wish to play it safe . 
 `` i wonder why she did n't use it in her previous matches so much . 
 it has tremendous power , good acceleration , and good speed . '' 
 fortunately , she discovered something useful , and the next time that lea threw the spear strike , she was going to counter it . 
 knowing the problem with the attack , she regained some confidence in her plan and decided to use it in the next round . 
 `` if my data is correct , and my conclusions , then the next round might turn to my favor . 
 it will be all or nothing . '' 
 after that , tania let her seconds treat her nose , which might be broken or cut from the inside , but they managed to clean it up , which made it easier for tania to breath . 
 once the minute was over , the seconds were order out of the ring . 
 the seconds leave and the ring of the bell announced the beginning of the second round . 
 again , lea dashed out of her corner and chased after tania . 
 everything was going the same , until tania moved to the ropes . 
 at that moment , lea took the opportunity to launch her sunday punch , the spear strike . 
 unfortunately , tania was baiting lea into throwing the spear strike . 
 tania ducked the spear strike and countered with a right straight to lea 's body . 
 it hurt lea , but that did n't stop her from fighting back . 
 the fact that lea managed to endure a counter against her best punch , caused tremendous mental pressure on tania . 
 after that , tania slid away from lea , who started to chase after tania . 
 then , lea decided to attack to put more pressure on tania . 
 unfortunately , tania had little trouble in countering all of lea 's attacks , but that did n't stop lea . 
 she did n't notice it , but tania was starting to get disturbed because she could see that lea was n't stopping , even after taking those counters . 
 eventually , lea managed to trap tania in the corner , but tania managed to escape by using a clinch . 
 after the referee separated them , the seconds could see that tania was scared . 
 tania 's fear intensified when she saw the determination in lea 's eyes . 
 after the referee let the match continue , lea dashed towards tania , who started to throw inadequate punches because of her fear . 
 tania was so distracted , that she did n't pay attention to her surroundings , which caused her to get trapped on the ropes . 
 after ducking a right straight , lea rushed in , and managed to knock tania down with a left hook to her body . 
 that was n't enough to take tania down because she managed to stand up at the ninth count . 
 once the match continued again , lea took the opportunity to use her spear strike . 
 unfortunately , tania managed to counter with a right straight to lea 's face because she turned sideways and made her reach longer . 
 the counter stunned lea and tania tried to take the opportunity to attack , but the damage to her body caused her to lose balance . 
 lea took that time to recover and attacked tania , who managed to regain her balance . 
 after a fierce in-fight , lea managed to land a left hook on tania 's head . 
 tania was about to fall , but she managed to grabbed the ropes and pull herself up . 
 lea was about to end the match , but the referee stopped lea at the same time that the bell ringed . 
 after that , the referee ordered both boxers to head to their corners and they do as told . 
 lea slid without much trouble , but tania seemed to be having some difficulties . 
 lea reached her corner and sat on the stool , but it got the seconds attention . 
 it was n't as if lea sat down , it was more like she let herself drop on the stool . 
 both seconds took a look at her face , and they could see that her face swelled in certain areas . 
 `` i ca n't believe that you would use the same type of punch on her , you should have known that she would counter it . '' 
 said alonso . 
 `` y-yeah , i thought ... i thought i could get her ... but she dodged it . '' 
 said lea , who tried to get air into her lungs . 
 `` she simply ducked ... now that i think about it , you always aim the head , which would make it easy to predict . '' 
 responded alonso in a thoughtful way . 
 `` i-i 'm sorry , i should have ... paid attention . '' 
 `` you should , but do n't worry , you finally landed a punch to her body . 
 your determination and persistence got to her and made her panic , she wo n't be able to recover in just one minute . '' 
 `` lea is n't exactly that well either , especially after taking that many punches to her head . '' 
 said fergus . 
 `` true , that 's why i made her train her neck , for occasions like this . 
 listen , chica , you can actually end the match with one more punch , but it 's going to be risky . '' 
 said alonso . 
 `` y-yeah ? 
 what is it ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 she did n't like the sound of it , but she was willing to take the risk . 
 `` use the spear strike two more times . '' 
 answered alonso . 
 `` that 's suicide ! 
 we do n't know if she can take two more counters like those ones , it could send her to the mat in no time . '' 
 protested fergus . 
 `` yes , but tania might recover enough to move faster . 
 it would give her a chance to get a better grip on lea 's range . 
 do n't worry , i have a plan . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 asked lea , who hoped for something better . 
 `` on the third spear strike , i want you to lower your body and aim at tania 's body . 
 i also want you to lean forward , it will make your reach get longer . 
 however , it will leave you in an unbalanced position , so you will only have one shot at this , got it ? '' 
 said alonso . 
 he knew that lea would take tremendous damage , but if her body and spirit was strong enough , then she would endure . 
 if it got too dangerous for lea , then alonso would throw the towel if necessary . 
 `` i 'll do it , i 'll win . '' 
 lea understood the dangers , but giving a genius time to recover , was the same as giving her time to plan her victory . 
 on the other corner , things were n't as good as everyone thought . 
 `` tania , can you hear me ?! '' 
 asked aaron . 
 he did n't believe that tania was alright after taking a body blow and a hook to the head . 
 `` yes , no broken bones , but tremendous pain and damage , i 'll use this interval and the third round to rest , i 'll end it in the fourth round . '' 
 answered tania while keeping a straight face . 
 `` glad to hear that you are n't seriously injured , but how do you feel ? 
 and i do n't mean physically . '' 
 tania , for the first time in a long time , maybe in her entire life , stayed silent . 
 `` i know you 're scared . 
 fighting against someone who simply keeps coming at you no matter how much you punch them is terrifying . 
 i can imagine that , but she 's just as hurt as you are , you still have a chance to win this . 
 just do as you said , and plan in the last interval for the victory . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 tania 's voice sounded a little shaky . 
 `` if things turn for the worse , then i will throw the towel , you hear me ? 
 as your second , i 'm going to make sure you come back in one piece , so do n't take it against me if i throw the towel , understand ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` do n't worry , tania . 
 i 'll make sure to keep you safe , while you focus on winning the match . '' 
 `` i 'm scared , very scared , but i have to calm down , panicking under pressure is never good when taking a test , i need to calm down , gather myself , get my calculations , plan my actions , and win . '' 
 tania started to calm down , and lea rested as much as possible . 
 lea knew that she would be risking a lot in that next move , but it was all or nothing . 
 both boxers knew that , they both knew that the next round could be the last one . 
 the announcer ordered the seconds to leave the ring , which they do without a problem , and both boxers stood up . 
 the referee got in the middle of the ring and wasted no time to start the third round . 
 chapter 17 : what did i get ? 
 both boxers started to leave their corners , but it was easy to see that tania was still feeling the effects of the previous blow to her body . 
 lea , on the other hand , seemed to be good enough to start sliding towards tania , but something was wrong . 
 lea would be dashing towards tania , but lea was moving slower than before . 
 when they looked at lea 's tail , they could see that she was ready to throw her spear strike . 
 it made lea look desperate to end the fight , even though she was countered several times . 
 lea did n't seem to care and continued to move towards tania . 
 she knew what lea was planning , and it made her feel tremendous pressure . 
 `` i did n't recover enough to move quickly , specter does n't show much signs of damage , not tired enough , not damaged enough , i need rest , need to survive , what do i do ? 
 what do i do ? '' 
 thought tania . 
 she slid far away from lea , who was still in her position to launch her attack , but dropped it to pursue tania . 
 once lea was in the right distance , she took position , and launched the spear strike . 
 tania turned sideways and countered the attack with a left punch to lea 's face . 
 the counter stopped lea in her tracks and forced her to slid away from tania , who took the opportunity to slide away . 
 lea got in position again and launched her attack . 
 tania countered again , but that time , with a right straight to lea 's face . 
 in lea 's corner , alonso was starting to dislike his own plan . 
 taking a left was one thing , but taking a right was something even bigger because it was the dominant hand and caused more damage . 
 then , when alonso took a good look at those punches , he noticed something strange . 
 `` what 's this ? 
 i can see that tania is countering the attack with no problem , but the way she 's throwing the punches is strange . 
 it looks like ... she is n't putting too much power in them . 
 if that 's the case , could it mean that tania is pulling her punches ? 
 no , that ca n't be , when i look at it more carefully ... '' thought alonso . 
 then , he realized something that could be important , but decided to leave it for later . 
 as tania pulled her punch from lea , she could see that lea was starting to bleed from the mouth . 
 not only that , the right eye started to swell shut , and other areas of the face started to swell as well . 
 still , tania preferred to stay away from lea . 
 at that moment , tania noticed that lea had been throwing the same attack over and over . 
 that made tania think that lea was desperate to end the match . 
 `` she might be too damage to continue the match and wants to end it quickly . 
 if that 's the case , countering her best punch a few more times , would bring her down , ending this fight , ending her , and getting a victory against such a strong opponent . '' 
 thought tania , and she was n't wrong . 
 lea was starting to feel the accumulated damage , but she refused to go down . 
 unfortunately , the pressure and the fear that tania was experiencing prevented her from realizing that it was all a trap . 
 lea prepared for a third spear strike , and tania noticed it . 
 `` just one more , i just need to land this one , and it will be over . '' 
 thought lea . 
 she was hoping to end it with that last attack , she did n't know if she could take any more counters . 
 `` again , the same will happen , i demonstrated over and over again , in the previous round and in this round , your attack is too simple , too easy to read , too easy to counter . '' 
 tania was feeling a sense of relief because lea was going to use the same attack , but tania did n't know what was going to happen . 
 lea launched the spear strike , and tania tried to counter the attack with a right straight . 
 to everyone 's surprise , the punch missed , passing over lea 's head , and lea landed a perfect spear strike on tania 's body . 
 the blow took the air out of tania , and made her bend forward . 
 the expression in tania 's face told the story , showing that the blow caused tremendous pain , and it robbed her of stamina . 
 `` what happened ? 
 she always hits the head , why did i miss ? '' 
 as tania tried to hold her mouthpiece in its place , she looked at lea , and discovered what happened . 
 lea had lowered her stance , making her aim for the body , and leaned forward . 
 fortunately for lea , her entire tail was strong enough to support her , just for enough time to regain her balance . 
 lea stood upright , while tania was still bending forward . 
 lea tried to throw a punch , but the referee stopped her and told her to head to the neutral corner . 
 lea did as told , and the referee started to count . 
 at one minute into the third round , the referee started to count for tania . 
 `` 1 ... 2 ... 3 '' tania was still bent forward , but at closer inspection , anyone would notice that tania 's body was shaking slightly . 
 `` tania ! 
 if you 're stubborn enough to keep standing after that , then take your fighting pose ! '' 
 yelled aaron . 
 he felt proud that tania kept standing after taking an insane punch like that . 
 `` 4 ... 5 ... 6 '' tania was in the same position , but started to respond after hearing the sixth count . 
 even if tania responded , she was n't standing upright and not putting a fighting pose , so the referee continued . 
 `` 7 ... 8 '' tania tried her best to lift herself up . 
 `` i ca n't lose here , i ca n't fail . 
 i always got great scores in my tests . '' 
 thought tania , who started to realize something . 
 a test in a piece of paper could n't be compared to an actual fight in the ring . 
 `` is that it ? 
 is that why i lost ? 
 for someone who was considered a genius , i was been a complete idiot . '' 
 tania used all the strength that she had left to stand upright , but she could n't do it and started falling on her hands . 
 `` 9 ... 10 ! '' 
 the referee ended the count and the bell ringed , announcing the end of the match . 
 to make it official , the referee announced lea as the victor . 
 the seconds of both boxers got into the ring and approached their boxers . 
 alonso was the first to reach lea . 
 `` well done , that was the deciding punch that got you the victory . '' 
 said alonso , who was feeling the anxiety leave his body . 
 `` yeah , but i was actually nervous , i thought she would stand up in time and keep going . '' 
 responded lea . 
 her face showed that the swelling got a little worse and she continued to bleed . 
 seeing that , alonso got a towel and wiped lea 's blood away . 
 `` i was just as nervous as you , i did n't know if you could take another counter from her , even with your new resistance . '' 
 `` she was strong , very strong . '' 
 lea felt respect for tania , from one boxer to another . 
 `` i can imagine . 
 come on , let 's go . '' 
 alonso grabbed lea 's arm to put it over his shoulders , knowing that lea was extremely tired and damaged from the fight . 
 after that , they got out of the ring , but before leaving the arena , lea lifted her right fist into the air , which her fans responded with a cheer . 
 `` what 's the reason behind that ? '' 
 `` well , they come , not only to see a match , but to see me . 
 the least i can do is thank them like this . '' 
 `` i 'm sure is more than enough . '' 
 once lea was done , they continued on their way out of the arena . 
 meanwhile , tania was been taken out of the arena under the applause of the audience . 
 once lea 's group arrived to the medical room and were given a quick check up , they went to the locker room . 
 lea dressed back in her usual hoody and cargo pants , left the locker room , and headed straight for the venues exit . 
 for the second time since returning to the ring , lea did n't meet up with her previous opponents in the corridor . 
 `` what a relief . '' 
 said lea with a sigh . 
 `` what ? '' 
 asked salena with a perplexed face . 
 `` oh , nothing , i was just talking to myself . '' 
 lea felt a little silly for saying it out loud . 
 after that , they continued on their way out of the building . 
 around a corner behind them , tania caught a glimpse of lea , who was leaving the building . 
 `` you really lost that one . '' 
 said aaron behind tania . 
 he was worried about how tania would take her first defeat . 
 `` yeah , may have grown over confident , underestimated specter 's strength , my mistake to consider a boxing match as a test , wo n't make the same mistake again . 
 after all , i may have failed this test , but there are others along the way , just have to prepare better for them . '' 
 responded tania with a smile . 
 `` well , glad you still wish to continue your career . 
 now , let 's go home so you can rest up . '' 
 they started to head to the exit . 
 aaron was happy to know that tania would n't be retiring any time soon . 
 `` i wonder what would be my score if i have asked specter herself . '' 
 tania tried her best in the situation and her defeat was the result . 
 if she had asked lea , there was no doubt that lea would have given tania a great score . 
 just the same as tania would have given to lea . 
 it had been a few days since lea 's match with tania , and lea had been ordered to rest at her apartment . 
 lea had already gone with the doctor and found no serious damage to her brain . 
 while lea was resting in her apartment , she heard a knock on her door and went to open it . 
 it turned out to be alfred , who asked lea to go with him to the office , and lea already knew that it was about her next opponent . 
 lea entered the office , and found everyone . 
 like always , they greeted lea , and lea greeted them back . 
 `` as you may have already guessed , we have information about your next opponent . '' 
 said alonso in a serious tone , and lea did n't liked that . 
 everyone in the room was the same as alonso , which made the air in the office heavy , as if something big was going to happen . 
 `` yes , my last opponent in the tournament , right ? '' 
 said lea . 
 `` that 's right , here 's the video of her . '' 
 alonso turned the tv on and played the dvd . 
 in one corner of the ring , there was a lamia with fair-white skin color , neck - length auburn hair in a shag style , and amber eyes . 
 `` that 's your next opponent , payton huber . '' 
 in the other corner was payton 's opponent , who had blond hair with a green highlight on some parts , white skin , and gray eyes . 
 at the sound of the bell , they both came out of their corners and approached each other without hesitation . 
 once they were at punching range , payton did n't waste time and threw a 1-2 combo , which her opponent blocked , but the opponent was pushed back . 
 payton chased after the opponent and attacked with another 1-2 combo , making the opponent protect her head , while exposing the body . 
 payton quickly started to attack with a right punch to the opponent 's body , but the opponent attempted to block the attack . 
 it turned out to be a feint and payton attacked with a left hook to the opponent 's jaw . 
 the opponent attempted to attack with a right hook , but payton blocked with the left arm . 
 then , she hit the opponent 's body with a right uppercut , followed by another right uppercut to the opponent 's chin . 
 seeing that payton was gaining the upper hand , the opponent decided to throw a left hook , which payton attempted to dodge by leaning back . 
 unfortunately , the opponent pushed out the elbow a little farther than usual , and hit payton on the chin . 
 `` hey , that was a foul ! '' 
 yelled salena in protest . 
 the referee did n't mention anything . 
 `` i ca n't believe they have referees that ca n't see fouls going on . '' 
 said alinda in disapproval . 
 payton 's opponent rushed in , but she was about to discover that using fouls may have been a bad idea . 
 as payton 's opponent was about to throw a right at payton , the opponent is countered by a right to her face , which pushed her back . 
 when the opponent cleared her vision , she saw something that made her nervous . 
 payton did n't stop with the counter and rushed in . 
 the opponent attempted to keep payton away with a jab , but payton dodged to the left . 
 next , the opponent threw a right , but payton weaved to the left , and hit the opponent 's liver with a left hook . 
 the punch hurt the opponent and followed with a left hook to the opponent 's head , sending her face to the side . 
 the opponent slid back , but she was chased by payton . 
 the opponent tried to stop payton with a left jab . 
 unfortunately , payton stopped the jab mid-way with the left palm , and retaliated with a right straight to the opponent 's face . 
 the punch pushed the opponent to the ropes and was trapped by payton . 
 from there , payton started to attack relentlessly . 
 she threw punch after punch , her opponent tried to escape the ropes by fighting back , but all of the opponent 's punches were parried and dodged . 
 after a few moment , payton 's opponent did n't seem to be conscious anymore , but payton kept punching , until the referee stopped payton by grabbing her . 
 once payton stopped , her opponent had the chance to simply drop face first to the mat in a bloody mess . 
 payton was declared the winner and the match ended there . 
 everyone in the room was quiet , not because the match was impressive , but because none of them have seen a boxer go wild in the ring . 
 `` so far , she has won all of her fights by ko , but this is the first time i see her get like that . 
 payton usually wins with combinations and counters . '' 
 informed alonso with a straight face . 
 `` that was just insane , if she had kept going , she might have killed her on the spot . '' 
 said salena , who was upset by the scene . 
 `` fortunately , the referee was there to prevent any accident . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` i still wonder about the killing instinct . 
 even if they were trained to be boxers , there was a bigger killing desire than normal . '' 
 said hilda in a serious tone . 
 before anyone else could wonder about that event , they heard someone at the door . 
 `` better to go wild in the ring than in the streets , do n't you think ? '' 
 everyone turned to the source of the voice and saw zora standing in the door . 
 `` zora ?! '' 
 said lea in surprise . 
 `` you know her ? '' 
 asked alonso . 
 `` it 's a long story . '' 
 `` oh , are you paying me a visit ? '' 
 asked hilda . 
 `` keep dreaming . '' 
 answered zora with a small smile . 
 `` i promise to make it a reality . '' 
 `` anyways , what did you mean by that ? '' 
 asked lea in an attempt to get the conversation back on track . 
 zora straighten her face and became serious . 
 `` lea , this might be the most difficult fight you ever had . 
 so difficult that you could lose . '' 
 said zora . 
 `` most difficult ? 
 why ? '' 
 lea had troubles with all of her previous opponents . 
 she got a little shocked after been told that the last fight might be the most difficult . 
 `` and what do you mean by ` better in the ring than in the streets ' ? '' 
 asked alinda . 
 `` you already saw what happened . 
 payton went with the intent to kill . 
 the reason behind that , is that she 's a war veteran who suffers of ptsd -lrb- posttraumatic stress disorder -rrb- . '' 
 answered zora . 
 `` a war veteran !? '' 
 responded lea with wide eyes . 
 `` that makes her into a dangerous boxer to fight with . 
 i 'm sure that her survival instincts and training in the military gave her tremendous fighting skills . '' 
 said alonso while he was in deep thought . 
 `` the interesting story behind payton taking boxing was because it keeps her ptsd under control . 
 if her condition starts up , it would be against the opponent in front of her . '' 
 said zora . 
 `` it makes sense , a soldier is trained and programmed to kill , not to live a peaceful life as a civilian . '' 
 said hilda . 
 `` and lea is supposed to fight her , what if she goes crazy again and attempts to kill her ? '' 
 asked salena as she pointed at the tv , which stopped showing the fight . 
 `` it 's not that different than in the battlefield , your opponent is basically trying to beat you to death . '' 
 `` do n't worry , everyone . '' 
 said lea . 
 `` i can use the new spear strike against her . 
 i can change targets and speed if necessary . '' 
 `` you ca n't and you wo n't use it . '' 
 responded alonso in a stern manner . 
 `` what ? 
 why ? 
 it worked with tania , i 'm sure i can use it against payton . '' 
 `` the reason why it worked so well was because tania was panicking . 
 that 's why she fell for it , she was n't thinking clearly . '' 
 `` i 'm sure something is going to work out , i just need to work hard . '' 
 `` i still forbid its use . '' 
 that surprised everyone in the room . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` remember those counters that tania was using against you ? '' 
 `` if you 're worried about that , then do n't worry , i 'll just take it . '' 
 after lea said that , alonso went quiet for a moment . 
 then , he responded . 
 `` everyone , give us a moment . '' 
 alonso was n't asking , he gave an order . 
 anyone who knew him would know that he wanted them gone . 
 alinda , salena , and hilda , do as asked , taking zora with them . 
 once they were out of the office , hilda looked at zora and said . 
 `` well then , you must be tired from coming all the way here , want to get a drink somewhere ? '' 
 `` are n't you working right now ? '' 
 asked zora with a straight face . 
 she could n't believe that hilda would ask such a thing in a moment like that . 
 `` i can always make time for you , or find some time at the least . '' 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 zora started to head to the door . 
 hilda did n't stop there and started sliding alongside zora . 
 once they got out of the gym , hilda seemed to drop the flirting . 
 `` wait wait , please wait . '' 
 said hilda , which stopped zora from flying away . 
 `` just one drink , one , and that 's it . 
 if you do n't want to talk , its okay , just have a drink with me , please ? '' 
 zora softened up after hearing such a humble request . 
 after that , zora put a thumb on her lip , and started thinking about something . 
 `` on one condition . '' 
 said zora , who showed a thumb . 
 `` which is ? '' 
 hilda was n't a fan of those ` on one condition ' lines . 
 `` an interview , we know of your record and impressive skill in the ring , but we do n't know much about you ` outside ' of the ring . '' 
 hilda started to think on it . 
 `` okay , but if it 's too personal , i wo n't give you a direct answer . '' 
 `` fair enough , shall we go then ? '' 
 `` uh , yeah , sure , is not far from here . '' 
 with that solved , they both leave to have a drink , leaving alinda and salena alone . 
 they actually heard the whole conversation from the other side of the door . 
 `` i really thought she would leave . '' 
 said salena in surprise . 
 `` me too , hilda 's relationships have been ... '' said alinda , who did n't know how to finish that sentence . 
 `` awful ? '' 
 `` i think short would be a better word . '' 
 that got a chuckle out of salena . 
 `` wait , it 's just the two of us . 
 this could be my big chance . 
 say - '' alinda was both interrupted and surprised by salena . 
 `` hey , alinda . '' 
 `` uh , yes ? '' 
 `` i was wondering if you ... '' that was something new for alinda because salena was usually very cheerful , but never that nervous . 
 `` is this it ? 
 is she going to ask me out ? 
 yes ? '' 
 `` w-would you like to ... '' `` yes ? '' 
 alinda was barely containing herself from telling salena to hurry it up . 
 `` you know , go and eat at - '' suddenly , alinda interrupted to give a very cheerful response . 
 `` yes ! 
 yes ! 
 of course i would go with you . 
 i always wondered what took you so long to notice ! '' 
 `` oh , sorry for not asking before , i did n't know if it would have been okay with you . '' 
 salena felt silly for not asking earlier . 
 `` why , i do n't see the problem in it . '' 
 `` yeah , i mean , i 'm just bringing a friend over for dinner . '' 
 that last comment got alinda 's attention . 
 `` wait , what ? '' 
 salena did n't seem to listen because she was too happy to do it . 
 `` my mother has been asking me to bring a friend over . 
 i do n't know why you precisely , but i 'm sure it would be a great time . '' 
 `` uh , yeah . '' 
 alinda was shocked at the moment , so she could n't put any feeling in her words . 
 fortunately , she managed to put a fake smile . 
 `` well , i 'm glad you agreed . 
 when i get my break , i 'll let my mother know that we 're going to have a visitor . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` well , better go back to my training . '' 
 salena left alinda where she was standing . 
 after salena was gone , alinda went to a wall , already dropping the fake smile to replace it for a shocked expression , and did the first thing that came to mind . 
 she put her head on the wall , and cursed her bad luck . 
 back in the office , alonso and lea were alone . 
 `` chica , you were able to resist tania 's counter because she was attacking out of desperation , not to actually cause damage . 
 at best , tania was simply trying to push you away from her . 
 payton will be a different story . 
 if she were to counter you with her full power , with no hesitation , i do n't know if your new resistance will be able to take it . 
 worst case scenario ... you would get your skull crushed . '' 
 said alonso , which made lea go silent . 
 hearing that her best punch could end her career left her demoralized , and she dropped her gaze to the ground . 
 `` is there nothing that i can do ? 
 i know that my attack is very simple , but it also means that there 's room for improvement , right ? '' 
 said lea , who was still clinging to any flicker of hope . 
 `` well ... there was something that we could do . '' 
 said alonso in hesitation . 
 `` what ? 
 what is it ? 
 i 'll do anything . 
 i 'm willing to work with double the effort , triple if needed . '' 
 alonso looked into lea 's eyes , and he could see her determination and willingness to work for it . 
 that made it more the painful to say it . 
 `` very well , another problem that you 're having with that technique of yours is that you ca n't stop it once it 's thrown . 
 even if you know that you 're going to be punched . '' 
 `` well , yeah , i 'm pretty much launching myself . '' 
 `` the idea that i 'm having here , is that you stop your attack after launching it . '' 
 `` stop the attack ? 
 i pretty much launch most of my body to use my attack . '' 
 the only time lea would stop , was when the attack was over . 
 `` yeah , and this is the dangerous part . 
 you 're going to use what 's left of your tail to pull the rest of your body to a stop . 
 with it , you can make it hard to predict the timing . '' 
 `` stop with the rest of my tail ? 
 would n't that ... ? '' 
 `` rip that part of your tail from your body , which is the risk of attempting this . 
 this is why is dangerous , you would need a ridiculously strong tail that could resist the force . '' 
 `` then i 'll simply work the double to make it even stronger . '' 
 `` if you 're willing to attempt something so dangerous , then i wo n't stop you . 
 instead , i 'll help you with this , so you better be ready to work your hardest . '' 
 `` yes , coach . '' 
 with the discussion over , they leave the office and started with the training . 
 inside another gym , there were sounds of activity in there , all members busy with their own workouts , but there was something strange in the air . 
 everyone knew the source , a lone lamia who was working on the heavy sandbag . 
 she was making an impressive sound on it , and it was hard to follow the speed of her punches . 
 there was no one around her , no one dared get close to her . 
 been close to her was the same as standing next to a timed bomb , but with no clock , no timer . 
 a bomb that could explode at any moment , and no one would know when . 
 there was only one brave soul who could actually approach her , and to see that one brave soul right in front of you , you would have to look down . 
 `` hey , payton , payton . '' 
 called a dwarf , but received no response from payton , who was still punching the heavy bag . 
 `` you 're at it again . '' 
 the dwarf grabbed payton from her waist and started to pull her away from the bag . 
 payton notice someone pulling her away from the bag , looked back , and noticed the dwarf . 
 `` coach , what 's going on ? '' 
 asked payton with a confused face , which made her look inoffensive . 
 hearing that payton was back to her right mind , the dwarf let go of her , and moved in front of her . 
 `` about time , you 're not exactly a harpy that is easy to pull around . '' 
 `` sorry , coach mcguff . '' 
 payton apologized to a dwarf with titian hair , hazel eyes , and white skin color . 
 his name was benen mcguff , who actually knew of payton 's condition , and thought of letting that killing instinct in the ring . 
 he did n't expect her to scare off some of the members . 
 some believed that she would arrive with a gun and start killing everyone . 
 that did n't scare benen , he was physically fit , but he somehow knew that she would n't do that . 
 letting her go wild in the sandbag or in the ring tended to calm her down . 
 `` it 's alright , i just came to remind you to go and do your roadwork . 
 you 're almost done with the tournament , but i 've heard that your next opponent is a tough one . '' 
 `` i 've heard she beat all of her opponents with a ko , that 's not an easy feat considering her opponents . '' 
 payton said it without any sarcasm , but with sincere respect . 
 `` well , you also had your fair share of strong opponents , so do n't let it discourage you . '' 
 `` do n't worry , coach , i wo n't let it , i just hope i do n't go off like that . '' 
 payton started to clasp her hands together after remembering going berserk on her previous opponent . 
 payton did n't like to go berserk . 
 she did n't want to hurt anyone like that . 
 `` do n't worry about going off in the ring . 
 the only one that you would hurt is your opponent , that 's what the sport is all about . '' 
 benen would n't like her to kill someone , but if it guaranteed a victory , then he would take responsibility . 
 `` but , what if i go off out of the ring ? 
 what if i go off on my family ? 
 what if i go off on my son ? '' 
 that was the worst that payton could think of . 
 she would rather kill herself than to hurt her only child . 
 the very idea hurt her heart . 
 she always wished that she would n't have her condition , so that she could spend more time with him and her husband . 
 `` that 's why you fight , so that you can let it go on someone , who most likely , you would never meet , than on your family . 
 this is like your therapy , which actually pays you to go berserk on your opponent . 
 i think this is an ideal thing for you . '' 
 `` i understand , but sometimes , i wish it was n't on the expense of another person 's safety . '' 
 `` yeah , i know , you have a good heart . 
 do n't lose hope . 
 it will work out one way or the other . '' 
 that brought a smile to payton 's face . 
 `` thanks , coach . '' 
 `` no problem . 
 go and do your roadwork . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 payton left benen to do her roadwork . 
 it had been a few years since payton joined the gym right after one of the wars was over . 
 at first , payton simply returned to her home with her family , but after a few weeks , there were signs that she suffered from ptsd . 
 that caused some problems , sometimes she would go violent on things , breaking them or tearing them apart . 
 that scared her family , but not for their security , but they were more worried about her . 
 they did n't want her to hurt herself . 
 after that , payton have tried to control it with sheer willpower , but it was becoming more and more difficult as time went by . 
 one day , payton was feeling it , the rage , the need to destroy , to kill something , someone . 
 to prevent her from hurting her family , payton went outside , trying to calm herself somewhere else . 
 payton started sliding as far and fast as she could , which was no problem for her because she was a trained soldier , a killing machine . 
 payton did n't have a destination in mind , she just wanted the feeling to go away , and she wanted to keep her family safe . 
 the sliding was working , but the feeling was there , and it was getting stronger . 
 to prevent herself from hurting anyone from the streets , she thought it would be better to go to a restroom and destroy it , to see if it would make it go away . 
 payton was n't paying attention to the buildings , and simply entered one , which turned out to be a boxing gym . 
 there were members sparring , hitting the sandbags , or the speed bags . 
 they were training to fight , to be strong . 
 payton wanted to do just that , she wanted to punch something , anything that would make the feeling go away . 
 benen was there at the time and saw her enter his gym . 
 he walked up to payton and asked her . 
 `` welcome , are you here to watch or to join ? '' 
 benen welcomed payton with a friendly greeting . 
 `` i-i 'm ... just looking , that 's all , yes . '' 
 answered payton . 
 `` well , we 're not giving demonstrations or anything of the sort today , you need to come some other day . '' 
 `` t-then how about ... joining ? '' 
 payton did n't want to join . 
 she wanted to punch the heavy bags to make the feeling go away , but the dwarf was giving her a hard time . 
 `` in that case , i 'll have to get the paperwork so that you can read and sign . 
 wait just a sec , i 'll be right back . '' 
 benen was more than happy to have a new member because it would mean more money . 
 `` o-okay , thank you . '' 
 benen left payton and went straight to his office . 
 payton took the opportunity to go to the heavy bags . 
 once she reached one of the heavy bags , she simply clenched her fists , and started punching it with all her might . 
 payton did n't stop with just one punch . 
 she started to throw a flurry of them , making a good sound with every punch . 
 it got the attention of everyone close to the bags . 
 no one had heard a sound like that for as long as they could remember . 
 after hitting it for a while , benen was coming out of his office with the paperwork , only to find payton hitting the heavy bags . 
 `` that 's an insane sound . 
 she must have a good punch on her . '' 
 thought benen , who started to approach payton . 
 `` excuse me , miss , i have the paperwork that - '' once he was close to payton , he could feel something strange about her . 
 first , payton did n't pay attention to him , she simply kept punching the bag . 
 second , there was a different air about her , as if it was suicide to approach her at the moment . 
 when benen took a look at her eyes , he saw it . 
 he saw someone who wanted to fight , someone who wanted to destroy , and someone who wanted to kill . 
 it took a while for payton to finish her attack with a tremendous right straight , sending the bag swinging a good distance . 
 when payton was done , her eyes looked more normal . 
 her eyes showed that she was a kind person . 
 a person that would n't go berserk on a punching bag . 
 once payton was back to normal , she noticed the crowd that was watching her and realized what she did . 
 `` i-i 'm sorry about this , i 'll be going now . '' 
 said payton . 
 she was about to head to the door , until benen stopped her . 
 `` wait wait wait , can i just talk with you in my office ? 
 it wo n't take long . '' 
 `` i really need to go . '' 
 `` well , consider this favor as payback for punching my bags without permission . 
 besides , i get the feeling that there 's more to it than what i just saw . '' 
 payton thought about it for a few moments , and decided to follow him . 
 `` okay , but i want to make it short . 
 i really need to go home . '' 
 `` of course , let 's go to my office . '' 
 payton and benen head to the office . 
 once inside , benen took a seat behind his desk , while payton took a seat in front of him . 
 `` now , i would like to ask you to join the gym . '' 
 bluntly asked benen . 
 `` i do n't think i should . '' 
 answered payton , the idea bothered her . 
 `` why not ? 
 you have quiet the punch there , it would guarantee a victory in the boxing ring . '' 
 `` well , you see ... '' payton started to tell her story , of her time in the army and the mental condition that it left her after returning . 
 payton also went on to say that she tried to control it , but it did n't go well , and she did n't want to hurt her family . 
 `` so that 's why you went crazy on the bag . 
 then the more reason why you should join the gym . '' 
 responded benen . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` well , you can come here whenever you feel the need to hurt something and let it out on the sandbags . 
 unfortunately , it will cost money to maintain the sandbags . 
 if you were to become a professional boxer , you could get money from fighting , control your condition , and your family would be safe . 
 believe me , it 's a win-win situation , even i would get paid for doing my job . '' 
 `` well , i ca n't really get a job with this condition , and i do n't trust the medications , or the therapies . '' 
 payton started to think hard on the subject . 
 on benen 's case , he actually wanted to help her , but he also did n't want to let a person with potential go away . 
 `` she 's a rare find . 
 her military training would make her a force to be feared . 
 i just need to put her in the ring . '' 
 benen was desperately hoping for payton to agree . 
 after a few moments of silence , payton gave her decision . 
 `` very well , i 'll join . '' 
 from there on , payton started to train in the gym , which made it easier to control her condition , and it made her family happy for her . 
 over time , she started winning her matches , but because of her condition coming out every once in a while , she was nicknamed ` the maniac ' . 
 after many fights , she was close to winning her first tournament . 
 that would make her a ranked boxer , and with enough victories , she could challenge the national champion . 
 before that , payton needed to defeat lea in the final rounds of the tournament . 
 `` i really hope you 're ready , specter , i really do . 
 otherwise , you will end up in the hospital just like some of the others , or worse . '' 
 thought benen , who had seen his fair share of boxers been beaten to a pulp . 
 some of his own have retired because of that , and it did n't make it any easier as time went by . 
 on payton 's mind , things were different . 
 `` i 'll win , and i 'll make sure to make it quick , before the feeling inside of me comes back . 
 if anything , i hope that you can at least come out of this in one piece . '' 
 thought payton . 
 they were ready to go and win the tournament . 
 they only hoped that lea was able to survive the match . 
 it had been a month since lea 's last match , and lea was training her tail once again . 
 that time , she was focusing on the entire tail , even the smallest part of it . 
 while training , lea remembered the way that payton went berserk on her last opponent and tried to think of a way to defend against that . 
 payton gained a boost on speed and power when she went berserk . 
 therefore , when lea was done training her tail , she would be able to absorb even more damage and move faster . 
 on top of training the tail , she had also been training the neck , body , and arms . 
 lea trained anything that would help her win against a fighter like payton . 
 after a while of training , lea was called to get into the ring because she was going to spar against hilda . 
 lea got her equipment , slid to the ring , and got into it . 
 lea saw that hilda was ready to go , but lea noticed alinda and salena waiting behind hilda . 
 `` um , were you guys going to use the ring ? '' 
 lea did n't want to take it if alinda and salena were going to use it . 
 however , lea was called to get into the ring , so she did n't know if it was a mistake or not . 
 `` we 're going to use it , all of us actually . '' 
 answered alinda . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` well , your next opponent is crazy strong , so the coach asked us to spar with you . 
 you know , to prepare you for anything against her . '' 
 answered salena . 
 `` with that said , you 're going to be sparring with all of us for today . 
 i 'm going first , to soften you for the both of them . '' 
 said hilda , who was ready to start . 
 `` hey ! 
 i 'm stronger than before , i 'm sure i can take her . '' 
 said salena , and she wanted to prove it in the sparring match . 
 `` me too . '' 
 said alinda , who was just as eager to show her new skills . 
 `` okay , okay , but enough of that , let 's start . '' 
 after hilda said that , a bell ringed and the spar started . 
 hilda was been serious because she was throwing punch after punch at lea . 
 lea was forced to dodge and block the best she could . 
 they go at it for a whole round , and hilda left the ring . 
 salena took hilda 's place and entered the ring . 
 `` all right , let me show you how much i have improved ! '' 
 just as salena said , she had become stronger . 
 lea was having a difficult time against salena , but managed to hold her off . 
 the next sparring partner was alinda . 
 `` i 'm next . 
 try to keep your eyes on me . '' 
 said alinda with a smile . 
 no one knew what kind of training was alinda doing , but she actually went faster than before . 
 also , her counters caused more damage than before . 
 they went for a while , until it was decided that it was time to end the sparring session . 
 `` t-thanks for the ... help . '' 
 said lea , who was hurting everywhere in her body . 
 `` no problem , payton may change from out-boxing to in-fighting depending on the situation , so you must be ready to deal with it . '' 
 said alinda , who felt good after showing her new level of skill . 
 `` now that i think about it , have you come up with some idea to defeat her ? 
 i 've seen you training your tail again . '' 
 said hilda . 
 `` well , we 're planning on adding something else to my technique . '' 
 answered lea . 
 `` that sounds awesome , what are you going to add ? 
 are you adding more speed , power , maybe flying across the ring ? '' 
 said salena in wonder . 
 `` she 's a normal lamia , remember ? 
 but seriously , what did you come up with ? '' 
 asked alinda . 
 `` well ... '' lea started to explain the idea to stop the attack mid-way to make it more unpredictable . 
 `` that would make an improvement , but stopping it when most of the body is behind the attack sounds a little difficult . '' 
 said hilda . 
 she could only imagine how difficult it was going to be . 
 `` it really sounds like it . '' 
 said alinda , who agreed wholeheartedly . 
 `` what are you guys saying ? 
 lea has managed to reach this far , i know she can do this . '' 
 after salena said that , she turned her attention to lea . 
 `` you can do this lea . 
 i 'll help you as much as i can so you can win the tournament . '' 
 `` well , i said difficult , but not impossible , you can always count on me . '' 
 said hilda while pointing herself with her thumb . 
 `` and me as well . '' 
 said alinda as she put her palm on her chest . 
 all of them had a smile on their faces . 
 they were always willing to help lea in her time of need . 
 `` thank you . 
 to be honest , i 'm nervous on trying something like this , but i feel more confident thanks to you guys . '' 
 said lea . 
 `` do n't mention it , i 'll be going back to my training , i have matches of my own after all , but if i 'm free , do n't hesitate to call . '' 
 after hilda said that , she left . 
 `` oh yeah , i forgot about it . 
 good luck on your training . '' 
 said salena and left . 
 `` well , we all have something to do , but do n't hesitate to ask , okay ? '' 
 said alinda before leaving . 
 `` okay , good luck . '' 
 said lea to all of them . 
 alinda was the last one to leave , and everyone resumed their own training . 
 far from the group , alonso was watching the conversation . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure that they did n't want to say it , but they know how dangerous is going to be . 
 i wish there was another way , but your technique is the best we can do against payton , but i know you can do this , chica , do n't give up . '' 
 thought alonso . 
 the rest of the day was spent training , and hoping that they trained enough by the time of the match . 
 chapter 18 : is this good-bye ? 
 another month went by , and with the help of lea ' friends , lea 's training was giving good results . 
 on top of that , lea had been training her tail to the point that many of the members started calling it extreme . 
 lea did n't mind and kept going with her training . 
 if they knew the kind of boxer lea was going up against , they would have understood the necessity . 
 alonso had been keeping up with her training , but also reminded her to do her job , which was to maintain the place and equipment . 
 of course , alonso did n't want to overwork her , so he helped her when it was necessary . 
 the next day was just like any other day . 
 lea was working out , while alonso was supervising everyone . 
 while doing so , alonso remembered that he had n't given lea any days off . 
 alonso forgot about it because of the tournament and payton . 
 once alonso remembered about it , he headed straight to lea , who was working her tail with some weights . 
 `` oye , chica . '' 
 called alonso . 
 `` yes , coach ? '' 
 answered lea . 
 `` i just came to tell you that tomorrow is going to be your day off . '' 
 `` oh , okay . 
 thanks , coach . '' 
 lea answered like it was nothing . 
 `` wait , that 's it ? 
 i have n't given you a single day off in this month . '' 
 `` really ? 
 i have n't notice . 
 i was so focused on my training that i forgot about it . '' 
 alonso chuckled after hearing that . 
 `` same here , but is not good to always work . 
 take the next day off . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 after lea said that , alonso left her , but he was wondering about something . 
 `` i wonder if you 're training to be ready , or because you 're nervous . 
 do n't lose hope , chica , and do n't let fear consume you , we all believe in you . '' 
 alonso could n't blame her , he was just as nervous as lea was , but he stood by his decision . 
 it might help her calm down if she distracted herself . 
 unfortunately , alonso was wrong on his assumption . 
 lea was n't scared of just payton , she was also scared of trying to use the new addition to her technique , spear strike . 
 `` i have to keep training , i have to keep training , or the attack wo n't be ready . 
 i have to make sure that i can resist the force . 
 my tail needs to be strong enough to stop my entire body . 
 if i do n't reach that point , i put my entire boxing career on the line , but if i do n't win this , julie might lose her house . '' 
 after lea thought about that , she started to wonder if julie was in any trouble . 
 of all of the times that lea had seen julie , she always looked to be fine , and she always said that she was okay . 
 that knowledge made lea wonder if she needed to train so hard . 
 `` maybe , i can afford to lose this fight , she always says that she 's okay , and the kids have n't said anything , so it might be okay . '' 
 lea did n't realize that she was letting fear and doubt get to her head , which clouded her judgment . 
 once lea let those thoughts into her head , she decided to rest more often . 
 after that , the day went as normal and lea went to sleep , still telling to herself that she did n't need to work so hard . 
 just as alonso said , the next day was given to lea and she decided to spend her time in her apartment . 
 all of that changed when she heard a knock on her door , and lea answered . 
 it turned out to be alonso . 
 `` morning , coach , what can i do for you ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` your friend is on the phone . '' 
 answered alonso with a straight face . 
 `` friend ? 
 you mean julie ? '' 
 `` the same , and to be honest , you should get a phone of your own . 
 i 'm not exactly your secretary . '' 
 alonso sounded a little annoyed about it . 
 he did n't know why lea never got herself a cellphone . 
 in his opinion , every young person tended to have one . 
 `` s-sorry , coach , i 'll try to get one soon . '' 
 `` glad to hear that . 
 now go and speak with her . '' 
 alonso started to descend the stairs after saying that . 
 `` okay . '' 
 lea followed him all the way to the end of the stairs and headed to the office . 
 once inside , lea found the phone lying on the desk and picked it up . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` hey , lea ! '' 
 greeted julie with the usual cheerfulness that lea knew very well . 
 `` hello , how have you been ? '' 
 lea was always happy to hear julie . 
 `` i 've been very well . 
 what about you ? '' 
 `` you know , busy here , but i have been given the day off . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` yup . '' 
 `` did you planned anything for today ? '' 
 `` well , i was just going to stay in my apartment , but i do n't mind going out . '' 
 `` great ! 
 want to spend the day with me ? 
 i have nothing to do right now , and i was hoping to get out of the house . '' 
 `` okay , do you have somewhere in mind ? '' 
 `` well , i was just thinking of going to the park again , the one that we went before . 
 you do n't mind going there again ? '' 
 `` oh no , do n't worry about it , that park was a nice place . '' 
 `` then it 's settled , i 'll pick you up in half an hour , i need to get ready . '' 
 `` no problem , i 'll get ready too . '' 
 `` sounds good , see you later then . '' 
 `` later . '' 
 after that , they both hanged up the phone . 
 after the phone call was done , lea headed to her apartment and tried to figure out what to put on . 
 they were going to a park , which might involve a lot of talking and walking , or sliding in lea 's case . 
 lea decided to go as usual , which was her t-shirt , a hoodie , and cargo pants . 
 after that , lea simply waited by watching a little bit of tv , but she did n't have any favorite tv show , so she was just surfing the channels . 
 when there was something interesting , she would watch it until it was over . 
 once it was over , she would just go back to surfing the channels . 
 lea saw the clock on top of the tv 's furniture and saw that half an hour had passed . 
 lea quickly turned the tv off , slid out of her apartment , and headed outside . 
 just as lea thought , julie was already waiting in her car , which was parked in front of the gym . 
 lea headed to the co-pilot 's side , opened the door , and got in the car . 
 `` hey , julie , did i keep you waiting ? '' 
 asked lea with a smile . 
 `` i just arrived . 
 now , let 's go to the park ! '' 
 said julie with a smile , accompanied with her never ending cheerfulness , which was what lea liked about julie . 
 after julie said that , she drove off from the gym , and headed to their destination . 
 when julie had to stop at a red light , she turned her head towards lea and took a good look at her . 
 julie noticed that lea 's muscles seem to have gotten stronger since the last time that they met . 
 `` why is it that every single time we meet you seem to get more muscular ? '' 
 asked julie in a playful tone , but the question was serious . 
 `` well , it 's like an extra bonus for working at the gym . 
 they pay me , and let me use their gym to work out . '' 
 answered lea . 
 `` that 's actually nice of them . 
 you must like working out , or you would n't have those muscles . '' 
 `` well , you know , staying healthy and all that other stuff . '' 
 lea rubbed her head , not wanting to reveal why she was training so much . 
 `` by the way , how are the kids ? '' 
 lea wanted to change the subject as quick as possible . 
 `` oh , they uh ... they 're great , always asking about you . 
 for example , ` when are you coming back ? 
 are you okay ? ' 
 stuff like that . 
 hey , are you hungry ? 
 i have n't eating breakfast yet . '' 
 `` really ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 `` yeah yeah , i just worked very late last night and i woke up late today . '' 
 `` oh , in that case , yeah . 
 i actually over slept too , so i have n't eaten breakfast . '' 
 `` then let 's go and get something to eat . '' 
 with that decided , they make a detour to get breakfast at a restaurant . 
 once they arrive at the restaurant , they were seated by a waitress , and they ordered their drinks . 
 then , the waitress left to get their drinks . 
 `` so , how is everything going at your place ? 
 must be going good as always , right ? '' 
 asked lea in hopes to hear the response that she always heard , but something was different that time . 
 `` y-yeah , everything is okay ... just okay . '' 
 answered julie . 
 the answer lacked the usual cheerfulness that julie always had , which was strange for lea . 
 before lea could ask about it , they were given their drinks , which was coffee for julie , and water for lea . 
 then , the waitress asked for their orders . 
 julie ordered an omelette , and lea ordered a salad with a turkey sandwich . 
 once the waitress left with their orders , lea was about to ask about julie 's behavior , but julie beat lea to the question . 
 `` that 's unusual for you . 
 you tend to order something bigger than that . 
 are you starting a diet or something ? '' 
 `` something like that , those other times where my free days to eat what i wanted . 
 this time , i have to eat healthy and stay fit . '' 
 `` lucky for me , i 'm always in shape , so i can eat as much as i want . '' 
 said julie with playful pride in her voice , which caused lea to snicker slightly . 
 `` i can imagine that . '' 
 responded lea with a smile . 
 `` i swear , sometimes i feel like i could eat a horse , but i 'm a lady , and ladies eat with manners . '' 
 julie changed her voice , which made her sound like a noblewoman . 
 `` hey , i 'm a lady too , you know ? '' 
 said lea in a playful manner . 
 after julie heard that , she started to imagine lea with dresses . 
 unfortunately , lea 's muscles turned the image into something that left julie horrified . 
 lea noticed the face that julie was making . 
 `` h-hey , i was just joking , i do n't even like dresses . '' 
 after lea said that , julie let her breath escape her . 
 `` you must have quiet the imagination , but i do think that suits would look better on me . '' 
 after lea said that , julie started to imagine lea in a suit . 
 `` i agree . 
 that would look better on you . '' 
 with that conversation over , lea took the opportunity to ask what was on her mind . 
 `` hey , julie , is everything - '' unfortunately , they were interrupted by the waitress with their food . 
 she put the plates on their table and left . 
 `` great , i 'm so hungry . '' 
 said julie with a happy smile on her face , and started to eat . 
 `` me too . '' 
 lea also started to eat . 
 `` are you sure that 's enough ? 
 want me to give you some of my food ? '' 
 julie sounded worried because she did n't believe that it would be enough for lea , even though it looked like it was enough for a normal human . 
 `` yeah , do n't worry about it , let 's eat . '' 
 lea tried to assure julie with a smile , which worked , and both of them continued to eat . 
 while eating , lea was pondering about julie 's desire to avoid questions involving the kids and the house . 
 lea attempted to ask julie about the kids and the house . 
 unfortunately , in some way or another , julie would either change the subject or find some excuse to stop the question . 
 for example , asking for some condiment , or calling the waiters for something , even though she did n't need it at all . 
 lea decided to stop her attempts to ask questions until they were out of the restaurant and reach the park . 
 lea believed that julie wo n't have any way to avoid lea 's questions because there was nothing in there except for trees and grass . 
 even though julie was avoiding lea 's questions , that did n't stop her from starting small conversation with lea . 
 however , it was an attempt to simply stop lea from asking questions , or to make her forget all about it . 
 either way , it worked because lea made conversation with julie all the way to the end of their breakfast . 
 when they were done , julie paid for the breakfast , they left the restaurant , got on julie 's car , and went to the park . 
 the park was n't that far from the restaurant , which made the drive there short . 
 again , lea tried to ask her question regarding the house and the kids , but julie was fast on avoiding it , which made her suspicious . 
 after arriving at the park , they get out of the car , and go into the park . 
 they simply take a walk in the park , enjoying the view and the company of one another , except for lea . 
 she knew that julie was hiding something and lea willing to find out what it was . 
 before asking about it , lea looked around , trying to see if there was anything that could be used to change the subject . 
 the only thing of interest was the trees and the grass , but there were some people around the park too . 
 fortunately , they were too far from them to be used , which made it the perfect opportunity to question julie . 
 `` hey , julie - '' lea was about to ask , but she was interrupted by julie . 
 `` is something wrong ? '' 
 quickly asked julie , which caught lea by surprise . 
 `` huh ? 
 what makes you ask that ? '' 
 `` you were looking around . 
 did you find something of interest ? 
 what was it ? '' 
 julie eagerly asked with a smile . 
 lea realized that , instead of using something on their surroundings , julie used lea to make a subject of conversation . 
 that was n't going to stop lea and she tried to get back to her objective . 
 `` no , i was - '' `` it 's been a long time since we came back to this park , but it has n't lost its charm . 
 it 's still the very calming place that i remember , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` yes it is , but i was going to - '' lea was trying to end it quickly , but julie was n't going to let that happen . 
 `` we should get something to eat later and bring it here , you know , like a picnic . '' 
 `` we just ate , but what i 'm trying to - '' `` hey , maybe we could sit somewhere and feed the pigeons , have you fed pigeons before ? '' 
 lea had enough of that and suddenly stopped sliding . 
 `` julie , can you just - '' lea started to get frustrated with julie 's attempts to avoid her questions . 
 suddenly , julie pointed to a tree with a smile . 
 `` look look , do you remember that tree ? '' 
 then , julie started to run towards the mentioned tree . 
 `` julie , wait ! '' 
 lea started to chase after julie . 
 they reach the tree and julie stopped running , with lea been the last to reach the tree . 
 after lea reached the tree , julie put a hand on the tree . 
 `` we sat on this tree , and you took me to the top of it . '' 
 julie had her back towards lea , but julie had a bright smile on her face . 
 `` julie , you 're my best friend , right ? '' 
 firmly asked lea , which made julie turn towards lea . 
 `` of course i am . '' 
 answered julie . 
 `` and best friends tell each other the truth , right ? '' 
 after hearing that , julie understood where it was going , her smile left her , and dropped her gaze to the ground in guilt . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 weakly answered julie . 
 `` then answer my questions , what 's going on ? 
 what 's happening to your house ? 
 what 's going on with the kids ? '' 
 lea was asking with a voice that meant business and with a face to go along with it . 
 julie turned towards the tree and went quiet , which lea misinterpret as julie attempting to avoid the question again . 
 lea did n't notice that julie had made a fist with the hand that she put on the tree . 
 before lea could say anything else , julie started to talk . 
 `` can you take me to the top again ? '' 
 julie 's voice was not giving any emotion . 
 `` julie , i - '' `` please . '' 
 lea was about to let her frustration be known , but after hearing julie , lea felt something . 
 it was hard to describe for her , but all of the sudden , lea 's frustration left her . 
 `` okay . '' 
 that was all that lea said and approached the tree . 
 julie kept her face away from lea . 
 of course , lea did n't notice that because she was getting ready to have a good grip on the tree . 
 while lea was doing that , julie took the opportunity to grab lea 's neck . 
 lea did n't mind and kept preparing to climb the tall tree . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 asked lea as she finished with her preparations and looked back , but julie was hiding her face on lea 's back . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 answered julie in a small voice , which lea barely heard . 
 with everything ready , lea started to climb the tree , the very same tree that they climbed on their first visit to the park , where they sat under the shade of the tree , and they declared their friendship to each other . 
 lea had an easier time climbing the tree because of her new trained body . 
 while climbing the tree , lea had to admit that it brought back memories , and it brought a small smile to her face . 
 it did n't take long for lea to reach the top of the tree , which had the same great view as before . 
 lea was lost on the sight before her , filling her with great peace . 
 while lea was focused on the view , julie also took a look , but it had a different effect on her . 
 julie looked for a little while , and instead of filling her with peace , it filled her with sorrow . 
 unable to take it anymore , julie hid her face on lea 's back . 
 lea was distracted from the view by a sound that was coming from behind , and she tried to hear it more clearly . 
 it did n't take long for lea to realize that someone was quietly sobbing . 
 the only person that was close enough for lea to hear , was none other than julie . 
 `` julie , what 's wrong ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 asks an alarmed lea while looking back , trying to look at julie . 
 lea could n't see julie 's face because julie was hiding it on lea 's back . 
 julie realized that lea turned her head to look at julie , which made her bury her face on lea 's back and tightened her grip on lea 's neck . 
 fortunately , it was n't too hard that it would n't allow lea to breathe , but it gave the message that julie did n't want to be seen crying . 
 lea faced forward , just like julie wanted , and they stayed like that for a while . 
 julie continued sobbing and letting her tears flow , tears that lea could n't see , but it might have been for the best . 
 it hurt lea to know that julie was crying . 
 what hurt lea the most , was her inability to think of something to make it stop and bring back the smile that julie always had . 
 eventually , julie ended her crying , and lea took that as a good moment to break the ice . 
 `` julie ... are you okay ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 she knew that it was a very dumb question , especially after hearing julie cry on lea 's back , but it was the first thing that came to lea 's mind . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 answered julie , sounding more calm than before , but not happy . 
 `` is ... are you ... ? '' 
 asked lea as she turned her head to look at julie , but lea did n't know how to finish her question . 
 on the inside , lea was hoping for good news . 
 she was hoping that what she was thinking was nothing more than a silly idea . 
 unfortunately , lea did n't find any of that on julie 's face . 
 instead , she saw no joy , no smile , no hope , but only defeat , and to make it worse , julie revealed something that would fill lea with despair . 
 `` at the end of the year ... i 'm losing the house . '' 
 said julie with a choking voice , which shocked lea , who thought that she could handle the news , but she could n't . 
 `` w-why ? 
 i ... i thought everything was going well ... '' `` i did too , everything was going well , especially when we found a last minute donor . 
 he was going to give us more than enough to pay for this year , and pay some of the debt . 
 at the last minute , i received news that the donor canceled the donation , and without that donation , we wo n't be able to keep going . '' 
 `` but ... what about the kids ? 
 it 's their home , they 're happy , where will they go ? '' 
 `` if i have no house for them , then i have to send them to other places . '' 
 `` no , there ... there must be something that can help , some way to give you more time , anything . '' 
 lea hoped for something , she simply refused to accept those news . 
 `` there is n't . '' 
 julie responded without any hope in her voice . 
 `` that 's ... that 's not fair . '' 
 `` i think the same way , but everyone knows that there 's nothing else we can do . '' 
 after saying that , julie hid her face again , fighting hard not to cry again . 
 `` but before that happens . '' 
 julie gathered herself and revealed a sad smile . 
 `` i want to enjoy the time that is left . '' 
 lea did n't know what to say , did n't know how to feel , but it did n't take her long to figure out what to say . '' 
 ... okay . '' 
 answered lea as she turned her face away from julie and looked at the horizon . 
 they stay on the tree for a while , before they decide to go back down . 
 after that , julie acted like that never happened , and lea tried the same , but she could n't ignore what happened . 
 they tried to enjoy the rest of the day , but they still remembered their conversation , especially lea . 
 once they were done with their time in the park , they head back to the car , and got inside . 
 they spent some time without doing anything , or saying anything , until lea spoke . 
 `` can we go to your house ? '' 
 asked lea while looking at the car 's ceiling . 
 `` you want to play with the kids , right ? '' 
 responded julie while looking at the steering wheel . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 with that decided , they head to julie 's house . 
 when they arrive , the kids cheered after looking at lea . 
 while they were asking julie if they could play with them , lea was looking for jenny , but she was n't present . 
 when julie said yes , they all cheered and everyone started to head to the backyard . 
 they spent hours playing outside until it was too dark to stay outside , and lea decided that it was time to leave . 
 julie , like always , offered to take lea home , but lea refused , saying that julie should spend more time with the kids . 
 at the very least , julie walked with lea to the door , and went outside . 
 they were standing near the door and looking forward . 
 `` you know ... '' said lea while looking at the ground . 
 then , she looked at julie . 
 `` you could come and live with me , if you have nowhere else to go . '' 
 after lea said that , julie turned towards lea , and gave her a smile . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 said julie and hugged lea , who returned the hug . 
 then , they let go of each other . 
 `` good bye , lea . '' 
 lea felt something different about that good bye , but hid it with a smile and a wave of her hand . 
 `` bye . '' 
 that was the only thing that lea said , and julie walked back into her house . 
 julie took a last look at lea , gave her a smile , and closed the door . 
 at that moment , lea knew that it would n't be the same . 
 even if julie lived with lea in her apartment , lea knew that julie wo n't be the same person . 
 julie would die on the inside , leaving only a shell of what she was . 
 before lea started to leave , she was startled by a voice that came out of nowhere . 
 `` are we losing our home ? '' 
 lea looked around and found the source of the voice , which was walking on the house 's front wall . 
 `` jenny ? '' 
 said lea , and the little arachne started to walk down to the ground . 
 `` it 's true , is n't ? 
 we 're losing our home . '' 
 asked jenny with a depressed face . 
 `` no no , of course not , what makes you say that ? '' 
 lea tried to hide it with a smile . 
 `` everyone knows . 
 we can feel it , julie is n't the same . 
 none of the adults is the same . 
 they all feel sad about something and we just know what it is . '' 
 jenny was on the brink of crying . 
 `` i ... i do n't want to leave , i do n't want to lose my home . '' 
 lea heard and saw enough . 
 she grabbed jenny 's shoulders , looked straight into jenny 's eyes , and with steel in her voice , lea said . 
 `` you wo n't . '' 
 that prevented jenny from crying , but she was n't convinced . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 lea grabbed one of jenny 's hands and grabbed jenny 's pinky with her own . 
 `` i pinky promise . '' 
 jenny was convinced after seeing that . 
 `` okay . '' 
 jenny started calm down . 
 `` now go inside , is getting late . '' 
 lea was glad that jenny felt better . 
 `` okay , good night , lea . '' 
 jenny waved at lea with a smile , and went to the door . 
 `` good night . '' 
 lea returned the wave and smile with one of her own . 
 after that , jenny went inside the house , and closed the door . 
 with jenny inside the house , lea started to slide back home . 
 while on the way , lea appeared to be calm , but she had a serious expression on her face . 
 lea was nervous about her upcoming match . 
 she was nervous about using the new technique , but after discovering the truth , all of that was pushed away from her mind . 
 at that moment , it was n't about winning a simple match , it was n't about surviving the match , but it had turned into something different . 
 lea was ready , she was resolute , and she was prepared to win the tournament , or die trying . 
 the next morning , lea opened the gym , but there was something different about it . 
 the gym was opened much earlier than before . 
 the only thing that the members had to do was to walk inside and get ready . 
 that caught alonso by surprise because he always went to the gym before it opened to prepare himself for the day . 
 when alonso arrived to the gym , he found lea training . 
 `` this is unusual , she usually starts after finishing her chores , or when i call for her . '' 
 thought alonso . 
 wanting to know what was going on with lea , alonso headed straight to her , who was lifting weights with her tail . 
 `` oye , chica , did you finished your chores ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 answered lea while weight lifting . 
 `` since when ? '' 
 alonso could see that everything was where it should and clean . 
 `` around six . '' 
 `` why did you start so early ? '' 
 `` i just wanted to leave it all finished . '' 
 alonso never expected something like that to happen . 
 `` how many of those have you done ? '' 
 asked alonso as he pointed at the tail lifting the weight . 
 `` this makes it fifty . '' 
 answered lea after lifting the weight . 
 `` well , go and take a break . '' 
 alonso was getting suspicious about lea 's new routine . 
 `` okay . '' 
 lea put the weight down and headed to a bench . 
 with lea gone , alonso tried to put the weights away , but something caught him by surprise . 
 `` que diablos ? 
 i do n't remember them this heavy . 
 i could actually lift them before , am i getting too old ? '' 
 after trying a few more times , alonso checked the weights , and he got surprised once again . 
 the weights were heavier than the ones that lea was using before . 
 to make it even more surprising , alonso remembered lea saying that she lifted them fifty times . 
 `` what is the meaning of this ? '' 
 instead of pondering the question , alonso decided to go and ask lea about that . 
 as alonso was approaching lea , he noticed a group of boxers in the ring , already wearing practice gloves and head protection . 
 alonso would have kept going on his way , but he stopped because those boxers was none other than alinda , salena , and hilda . 
 `` what are they doing there ? 
 what 's going on ? 
 does this involve lea ? '' 
 there was only one way to find out , and it was speaking with lea . 
 once he was close enough , alonso saw lea putting her gloves on , and the rest of her equipment . 
 by the time lea was done getting ready , alonso was standing in front of her with a serious face . 
 `` care to explain what 's going on ? '' 
 lea looked up to alonso and he could see it in her eyes . 
 she was resolute about something , and she was n't going to stop any time soon . 
 `` i was trying to run away . 
 i was scared about my upcoming match against payton , but not anymore . 
 i 'm ready , coach , ready to work harder , ready to train double , triple . '' 
 `` does this willingness have anything to do with julie ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 answered lea while still looking at him eye to eye . 
 `` if that 's the case , then no . 
 letting your emotions get the best of you can be counterproductive , it could get in the way of your training . '' 
 answered alonso with a straight face , and the response made lea drop her gaze to the floor . 
 lea did n't say anything else , but alonso knew very well that it was a sign , which meant that lea was n't going to accept that answer . 
 `` chica . '' 
 alonso was about to argue with lea , but he was stopped from doing that . 
 `` just let it go already . '' 
 said hilda from the ring , which got the attention of alonso and lea . 
 `` she is n't going to stop no matter what . '' 
 hilda was more than ready to help . 
 `` yeah ! 
 let 's do this , lea . 
 i 'm ready to go anytime that you are ! '' 
 said salena , who was raring to help already . 
 `` you should have heard lea on the phone last night , i 'm pretty sure that she would have kept calling if we did n't say yes . '' 
 said alinda with an amused smile . 
 all of them received a call from a serious lea , asking them to go earlier and help her with training . 
 after hearing that , alonso started to get in deep thought about it , and lea was looking at him in hopes that he would accept to help her train harder . 
 `` very well , you want to work even harder than before ? 
 then i 'll help you train even harder . '' 
 that brought relief to lea . 
 `` on one condition . '' 
 after hearing that , lea paid close attention . 
 `` if i see that it 's getting too much for you , i want you to stop and take a break , got it ? '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 with everything set , lea was ready for anything . 
 `` then let 's get started ! 
 you better be ready because this could turn into hell for you ! '' 
 alonso did n't show it , but he was getting influenced by his boxers . 
 `` if you 're willing to go this far to win , then i wo n't stop you , chica , but i 'll make sure that you 're ready to fight at any day , anytime . '' 
 ever since then , lea had been training harder than before . 
 at the end of the day , lea would just go to her bed and sleep . 
 that kept going for a whole month , and everyone could see that it was a tough training . 
 lea had been going over her usual limit , lifting heavier weights , sparring longer with three different opponents , and so on . 
 it was simply more difficult and harder than before . 
 even with all that , lea never complained . 
 she simply kept going and going . 
 every time that lea felt tired or ready to give up , she would remember julie and the kids . 
 she would remember their home that was about to be taken away , and the sad face of jenny . 
 when everyone thought that lea would take a rest , she would surprise them by asking to continue . 
 alinda , salena , and hilda were getting worried about lea 's well-being . 
 they could see that she was getting tired , and told her to take a rest . 
 of course , she refused , saying that she was n't tired and kept going . 
 there was only a week left before the match , and alonso approached lea , who was working on the sandbags . 
 `` oye , chica , you can stop working on the sandbag . '' 
 informed alonso from behind lea . 
 `` oh , okay . '' 
 said lea as she turned around to see alonso face to face , and it would have been hard to look at her if it was anyone else . 
 lea was showing signs of overwork , she could barely slide around the gym , and the sounds of the sandbags when she punched were nearly silent . 
 `` so ... what am i going to be doing next ? '' 
 lea was tired , her mind screaming for a rest , but she refused to do it and she was ready to continue . 
 `` before that , let me check something . '' 
 alonso started to inspect lea 's muscles . 
 then , everyone in the gym heard a pained cry and they turned to the source , which was lea . 
 `` all right , your muscles are at their full limit . 
 listen up , starting today , i do n't want you to train at all , got that ? '' 
 ordered alonso as he let go of lea 's muscles . 
 `` you sure ? 
 i can keep going . '' 
 answered lea , trying to flex her muscles , but failed at it and winced in pain . 
 `` completely sure , you got to let the muscles rest or you wo n't be able to fight against payton . '' 
 `` then , i 'm going to my apartment , thank you . '' 
 with that settled , lea slowly went to her apartment . 
 once lea was upstairs , her trio of friends approached alonso , and they looked worried about something . 
 `` are you sure a week is going to be enough ? 
 it looks like she could fall at any moment . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` if she does nothing but rest , then yes , she will recover fully . '' 
 answered alonso . 
 `` maybe we can give her something to eat and make her take a nap . 
 i 'm sure she will feel better after that . '' 
 said salena , ready to go and get the food , especially if she got some herself . 
 `` i do n't think food will be enough , but a massage would be a different thing . '' 
 responded alinda . 
 `` one problem , lass , we do n't know anyone who is a professional at it . '' 
 said hilda , who strongly believed that a good night sleep would fix anything . 
 `` okay okay , that 's enough , a week is more than enough . 
 besides , do all of you have the time to worry about someone else ? 
 especially you , salena , you have to be ready for your upcoming match . '' 
 said alonso as he looked straight at salena , who got serious after been remembered what was coming up for her . 
 on the other hand , alinda looked at salena , concerned about something that only those close to her would know about . 
 `` i understand that all of you are concerned for her , but you must have faith that she will win this tournament . 
 we have done everything we can for her . 
 the rest would be up to her . '' 
 alonso looked ready for the match , he knew that the tournament was not the only thing at stake . 
 lea 's well-being was on the line more than ever . 
 the trio understood what alonso said , and decided to follow his advice . 
 they prayed for lea 's success on the inside and continued with their training . 
 meanwhile , lea was actually on bed , looking at the ceiling while trying to rest , but it was a little difficult at the moment . 
 all of her muscles were screaming in pain , lea could n't lift any of her arms without feeling the muscles cry in pain . 
 `` dammit , it hurts , everything hurts , even the parts that i did n't know it could hurt . 
 i did n't want to show it , but i 'm glad i got that rest . 
 not that i was going to quit anytime , but i know that i would need a rest . 
 now that i think about it , i wonder if the results will be enough to defeat payton . '' 
 thought lea , and after letting that question enter her head , she shook it vigorously . 
 `` no ! 
 i should n't let doubt consume me again , i 'm prepared for anything , i do n't care if my muscles explode , i do n't care if my bones break . 
 i 'll fight to the end , as long as i have breath in me , i 'll keep fighting . '' 
 after that , lea spent the rest of the day , and the week , resting her muscles . 
 it was the day of the weigh-in . 
 both alonso and lea were heading to the assigned venue where the match will take place . 
 they were getting closer to the room where the weigh-in would take place , and they could see zora waiting outside . 
 after she noticed the approaching pair , she started to talk with them . 
 `` good day , how are you doing today ? '' 
 asked zora with a friendly smile . 
 `` hello , zora . '' 
 greeted lea with a smile . 
 `` good day . '' 
 greeted alonso with a serious tone of voice . 
 `` you got here just in time , payton is already inside . '' 
 said zora . 
 `` really ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 she knew that she would meet payton at some point . 
 lea thought that she would be ready for it , but she quickly found out that it was n't the case . 
 `` yup , let 's go in . '' 
 after zora said that , she went in first , followed by alonso and lea . 
 just as zora said , payton was already inside , waiting at the other side of the room with her coach . 
 there were a few journalists inside , probably because of payton . 
 considering her condition , they might be expecting one of her ` moments ' to happen at the weigh-in . 
 payton was n't looking at lea . 
 she was focused on getting out of her clothes to get on the scale . 
 when everything was ready to take weights , payton turned around , and it caught everyone by surprise . 
 payton had a strong physique , and it looked like she was made for battle , but it should have been expected of her , considering her background . 
 eventually , they took her weight and was announced that she passed . 
 after that , payton head back to her coach and started to put her clothes back . 
 after that , alonso got his bearings back . 
 `` i must admit , it 's a well-developed body , but you 've worked hard too . 
 now , get ready , and show them the results of your training . '' 
 said alonso . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 lea did as ordered and took her clothes off . 
 once everyone saw lea 's body , they was so surprised , that it got payton 's attention . 
 lea saw her body before , and was just as surprised as the rest of the people in the room . 
 her muscles looked as if it was made of steel . 
 everyone believed that she could break a hand simply by squeezing it . 
 a punch from lea could break a bone , as easy as breaking a twig . 
 that was only the upper body , if they could feel the tail , then they would had been even more impressed . 
 if lea 's fists could break a bone , her tail might be able to break a wall that was made of steel . 
 `` i would n't have believed the physique of these two , if i had n't seen it by myself . '' 
 thought zora in surprise . 
 in her line of work , zora had seen her fair share of tremendous bodies , but nothing like that . 
 just like always , lea passed the weigh-in and headed to her coach to put her clothes back . 
 after lea was done , a journalist approached her . 
 `` excuse me , if i may have a word , what are your thoughts about your opponent payton ? '' 
 asked the journalist . 
 `` i 'm sorry ? '' 
 asked lea , who was n't expecting an interview from a complete stranger . 
 `` your opponent , what do you think of her ? '' 
 `` oh , well , she looks very strong . 
 no wonder she won all of her matches . '' 
 `` do you have any confidence for victory ? '' 
 `` well , i 'll just do what i always do , and that is to put everything i have worked for into the match . '' 
 that was n't a respond that the journalist was expecting , but it was something or nothing . 
 payton was also been interviewed by one of the journalist , with pretty much the same questions . 
 suddenly , someone came with the bright idea to take a picture of them while they were having a handshake , as a sign of good sportsmanship . 
 lea did n't see a problem with it , and neither did payton . 
 they both approached each other for the handshake , and introduced themselves . 
 `` nice to meet you , i wish you good luck in our upcoming match . '' 
 greeted lea with a polite smile as she extended a hand for payton . 
 lea did n't show it , but she was feeling a little nervous on the inside . 
 `` nice to meet you too , and may the best one win . '' 
 answered payton with a friendly smile and grabbed lea 's hand . 
 then , payton felt the feeling , the desire , the blood lust , it was coming to her , and lea felt her hand been squeezed a little harder by payton . 
 that was when lea felt something inside of her , something telling her to stay alert , and took a look at payton 's eyes . 
 payton was looking at lea as if she was a target to kill , and payton 's coach noticed that . 
 `` payton ! '' 
 yelled benen and it seemed to bring payton back to normal . 
 payton quickly let go of lea 's hand . 
 `` i-i 'm sorry , i have t-to go . '' 
 payton went to the door and left the room . 
 benen followed after her , but stopped at the door to offer apologies for payton 's sudden attitude . 
 after that , he left the room . 
 with the scene over , alonso approached lea . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 asked alonso . 
 `` y-yeah . '' 
 answered lea , who had a serious face . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` i felt it . '' 
 `` felt what ? '' 
 lea looked at alonso , and said . 
 `` a killing intent . '' 
 payton was sliding through the corridors at a quick pace , but not fast enough to leave benen behind . 
 eventually , benen caught up to her . 
 `` payton , what 's wrong with you ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 asked benen . 
 that was the first time that he saw payton about to go off at a weigh-in . 
 `` the feeling ... is coming ... stronger than i remember . '' 
 answered payton , who appeared to be struggling against something . 
 `` stronger ? 
 why ? 
 they 're mostly to a point where you could keep it down with nothing but willpower . '' 
 `` it 's her . '' 
 answered payton . 
 `` her ? 
 you mean specter ? 
 what about her ? 
 did she do something to you ? '' 
 payton stopped , and benen stopped along with her . 
 `` she 's ... she 's ... '' `` she 's what ? '' 
 payton looked at him , and benen could see the intent to spill blood . 
 `` she 's the real deal . '' 
 answered payton and continued on her way at a slower pace . 
 benen was walking alongside her , but he was thinking about those two boxers . 
 `` this is the first time that payton almost goes off . 
 just what kind of match is this going to be ? '' 
 everyone was asking the same question as benen , but they were sure of one thing . 
 one of them was going to fall , and it was going to be a bloodshed . 
 chapter 19 : the specter vs. the maniac it was the night of the fight , and lea was waiting in the locker room with her seconds , alonso and fergus . 
 while lea was waiting to be called , she decided to start warming up . 
 after a while , alinda , salena , and hilda , arrived at the locker room . 
 `` good evening , lea , how are you doing tonight ? '' 
 asked alinda with a smile , in an attempt to help calm lea . 
 `` i 'm ready at any time . '' 
 answered lea , who sounded serious , and it made everyone worried . 
 `` well ... we came to wish you the best of luck . 
 we know that you 're going to win the tournament . '' 
 cheerfully responded salena , trying to set the right mood for lea . 
 `` the lass is right , just remember everything you have learned and throw it at payton 's face . '' 
 said hilda with sincere faith on lea 's success , but she was worried about lea 's safety . 
 `` thank you , everyone . '' 
 responded lea while warming up . 
 then , she stopped , never dropping her serious face . 
 after that , she dropped her arms to her sides and looked at the floor , which made everyone worried . 
 the air in the room became heavy , and they knew that it must be something serious , but they did n't know how serious . 
 `` coach . '' 
 called lea with a serious tone in her voice . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 responded alonso . 
 `` i want to ask you for a favor . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` i want you to promise me , that no matter how bad it looks , no matter how bad i 'm beaten , and no matter how horrible it goes , you will never throw the towel . '' 
 after lea finished saying that , there was no response , just silence . 
 lea could n't see it , but she knew that it must have left them in shock . 
 alonso was the only one who was n't surprised by that request . 
 he had a feeling that lea was going to ask for something like that . 
 `` lea ... you 're making it sound like this is going to be your last match . '' 
 said alinda in disbelief . 
 `` if this is a joke , then it is n't funny , so do n't say stuff like that . '' 
 said salena in hopes that it was a joke , but lea did n't look like someone who was joking . 
 `` this is about your friend , right ? '' 
 asked alonso . 
 he could tell , otherwise , lea would n't make a request like that . 
 lea had n't told anyone about julie 's predicament , so they did n't know the full story . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 answered lea . 
 `` is julie alright ? '' 
 asked hilda . '' 
 ... i have to win this , i just have to . 
 i ca n't let this chance to slip away . '' 
 answered lea . 
 after hearing that , everyone was silent . 
 they did n't know what else to say . 
 `` lea ... '' said salena , but she did n't know where to go from there . 
 `` very well , as long as you promise to come out of this in one piece , then i promise not to throw the towel , deal ? '' 
 asked alonso . 
 `` yes . '' 
 answered lea , even though she did n't know if she could keep that promise , but she was sure as hell that she would do her best to win . 
 that brought a sea of protest from lea 's friends . 
 `` coach , you ca n't be serious , lea could get seriously injured here , or worse . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` she 's right , coach , you should n't make a promise like that . 
 if you need help , lea , we can help you , there 's no need for something like this . '' 
 said salena . 
 lea was been quiet , but then , she spoke . 
 `` thank you , everyone , but ... '' lea turned to look at them with a smile . 
 `` this is something i got to do on my own . '' 
 lea could n't really ask them for help because each one of them had a problem of their own . 
 technically , lea knew of alinda and salena , but did n't know about hilda 's need for money . 
 still , lea would n't ask hilda for financial help . 
 lea was sure that hilda must have something big on her shoulders . 
 everyone was quiet once again , but hilda started to slide towards lea with a straight face , got in front of her , and stood face to face . 
 hilda stood there for a moment , looking lea straight in the eye . 
 then , hilda smiled . 
 `` you got this , lass . 
 i know you 're going to win this , so go out there , and show her what you got . '' 
 said hilda , who lifted a fist , and lea understood what hilda wanted to do . 
 lea lifted her fist , and bumped it with hilda 's fist . 
 after that , hilda started to slide out of the locker room , and headed straight to her seat . 
 once hilda was gone , lea looked at alinda and salena , who were a little surprised about what hilda said . 
 then , salena dropped her gaze to the floor , looking ashamed about something , but it did n't last long . 
 salena revealed her serious eyes , slid towards lea , and stopped in front of her . 
 `` i 'm sorry , lea . 
 i should n't doubt you like that , i am 100 % sure that you 're going to win this . 
 i 'm really really really sure that you 're going to win this , and when you do , we 're going to throw a party for you . '' 
 said salena . 
 `` sounds like a good idea . '' 
 said lea , which made salena smile . 
 then , lea lifted a fist , and salena bumped it with her own . 
 just like hilda , salena left the room , leaving alinda as the last person . 
 alinda looked ashamed , just like salena did , but gathered herself and put a more dignified look . 
 she slid straight to lea , and stood face to face . 
 `` i also need to apologize . 
 i was worried for you because i am your friend , but i should also have faith in you , like a friend should . 
 i believe in you , lea , so go and win this . '' 
 said salena . 
 `` i will . '' 
 lea 's words made alinda smile , fists were bumped , and she left the room . 
 lea was left with her seconds , feeling ready for the match , and grateful towards her friends . 
 `` thank you , everyone . '' 
 in another room , payton was warming up , but the atmosphere was different for her seconds . 
 they felt as if they were standing inside the cage of a beast , or a timed bomb that could go off at any moment . 
 ever since payton met lea , payton had been different . 
 her condition might have been an indicator that the opponent was going to be dangerous . 
 payton did n't even went to her house . 
 she stayed in the gym , and whenever she felt the urge to punch something , she would go to the sandbag and go at it with calculated fury . 
 many of the members kept their distance , not wanting to fall victim to her attack . 
 no one believed that they could stop her , even if they tried . 
 at that moment , they were just a few moments away to the match , and payton seemed to be more than ready for it . 
 `` so ... payton , what 's your plan against specter ? '' 
 asked benen , not feeling any of the heavy air around the room because he was already used to it . 
 payton did n't respond and kept warming up , which did n't bode well for benen . 
 `` payton ? '' 
 payton did n't respond again . 
 `` payton ! '' 
 that time , payton heard loud and clear . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 answered payton with no emotion in her voice . 
 `` what 's your plan against specter ? '' 
 `` i 'll just go like always . '' 
 after payton answered that , she went back to warming up . 
 that was n't going as ` always ' for benen . 
 payton tended to have some kind of battle plan for every match . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure that you are barely holding yourself back . 
 you 're most likely going to go all out the moment you enter the ring . 
 even with specter 's new body , i 'm afraid that there 's still a chance that either one of the boxers is going to end in the hospital , or worse . '' 
 after the small conversation was over , a staff member entered their locker room to inform them that their match was about to begin . 
 with the staff member 's business over , the staff member left the room . 
 `` alright , let 's go . '' 
 said benen , but payton did n't answer . 
 she simply turned around and headed to the door . 
 the seconds could see it , payton 's eyes were focused , not to win a match , but to fight a war . 
 when someone went to war , it was n't about win or lose , it was about kill or be killed . 
 lea received the same message and prepared to go into the ring . 
 `` let 's go , chica , time to end this . '' 
 said alonso , who was ready for anything . 
 `` okay ! '' 
 said lea with resolve in her voice . 
 there was no doubt , no regret , and no hesitation . 
 with a strong mind and a resolute heart , everyone went to the ring . 
 the ring was empty at the moment , except for the announcer with the microphone , who delivered a message for the entire audience . 
 it was a message that everyone had been waiting for , the announcement that the finals for ` the rising seeds tournament ' was about to begin . 
 also , the match would be a 6-round match because that was the finals . 
 the audience cheered after hearing the announcement , already eager to see the match of two boxers with nothing but ko 's in their records . 
 those who were paying attention , noticed certain faces in the audience , and it was none other , than lea 's previous opponents in the tournament . 
 luisa , who was making a name for herself in the light heavyweight division , was on her own . 
 karen , who was been as elegant as she could be , was around the same area . 
 before lea 's match , she had made a comeback into the boxing world with another ko victory . 
 last of all , was tania , who also made a comeback with a ko victory . 
 all of those boxers made everyone wonder why they were there . 
 of course , that was quickly put out of their minds as both boxers entered the arena , and slid towards the ring . 
 each boxer had their own fans . 
 lea 's fans were waiting to see another ko from lea , but payton was another story . 
 payton 's fans were also waiting for a ko , but the means were a little different . 
 they expected to see a bloody ko , they liked to see the savage side of the sport , and payton was the only one who could show it to them . 
 both boxers slid into the ring and went to their respective corners . 
 after the announcer was done , the referee called them to the center of the ring . 
 the boxers did as asked , and the referee started to explain the rules . 
 they did n't pay attention to him , they already knew the rules , and they simply stared at each other . 
 lea could see that payton was more than ready to start the match , she was ready to go for blood . 
 it did n't scare lea because she was ready for the match . 
 no matter what happened in the match , she was going to win the match . 
 when the referee was done , both boxers went back to their corners and waited for the bell to ring . 
 `` this is it , chica , remember everything you have learned and , most of all , your promise . '' 
 said alonso while was looking at lea straight in the eyes . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 answered lea . 
 she knew the promise that she did to him , and the promise that she did to jenny . 
 `` i 'll save the house , and i 'll protect the house , for everyone 's sake ! '' 
 in the other corner , benen was giving some advice to payton , but he knew that it would n't do any real difference . 
 `` be careful with this boxer , she must have prepared something for you , but most of all , be careful with her punches . 
 she has insane power , and by the looks of it , it must have become unbelievable . '' 
 said benen . 
 `` no matter , i 'll win this match and that 's that . 
 what i worry about , is if i 'll be able to fight properly . 
 i 'm already feeling it creeping into my head . '' 
 said payton . 
 benen could n't see payton 's eyes because payton was leaving her head down , but he could feel it . 
 `` at this point , i do n't know who i should worry about . 
 payton or specter ? '' 
 benen did n't have too much time to think about it because the announcer ordered the seconds to leave the ring . 
 they all do so without any complaint , leaving only the boxers and the referee in the ring . 
 after the seconds were gone , both boxers turned around , not wanting to take their eyes off of their opponent . 
 everyone in the audience wondered who would come out victorious and who would come out on a stretcher . 
 all of their questions would be answered soon because the bell ringed . 
 both boxers came out of their corners , but they did n't go dashing towards the other . 
 they came out slowly and started heading to the middle of the ring . 
 once they reached the middle of the ring , they keep each other outside of their punching range , and started to watch each other . 
 lea used her usual peek-a-boo style , while payton was using the standard stance . 
 then , lea started to weave around in an attempt to confuse payton , but it only made her stay in alert . 
 `` so , your survival instincts are telling you to be careful ? 
 i would be with an opponent like specter . '' 
 thought benen , who was expecting payton to go crazy , but she seemed to be under control , which he was glad for . 
 payton tested things out by getting closer , and threw a quick left jab , which lea dodged . 
 lea did n't charge in , knowing that it was just a test . 
 however , lea would n't get anywhere just by watching , and decided to test things out in her own way . 
 lea slowly moved forward , getting closer to payton , and payton did n't back away . 
 instead , payton threw another quick left jab , still testing lea out . 
 lea dodged the punch with her weaving , and moved closer . 
 again , payton threw a left jab , lea ducked the punch , and moved closer . 
 at that moment , without a doubt , lea was in her best punching range , but she did n't start her attack . 
 instead , lea stood there , looking at payton eye to eye , and payton maintained her ground , not sliding back even a little bit . 
 lea could see that payton did n't feel fear , did n't feel pressure , she was ready for anything , just like lea . 
 with that new knowledge , lea started with a left hook to payton 's head , which payton blocked with the right arm . 
 then , lea threw a right uppercut to payton 's body , which payton blocked with the left arm . 
 payton fought back with a right hook to lea 's head . 
 lea ducked the punch , and stood up with a left uppercut to payton 's body . 
 payton blocked the uppercut with both arms , and even then , payton could feel the destructive power that lea possessed . 
 with the uppercut blocked , lea threw a right hook at payton 's face . 
 payton ducked the punch , and threw a left hook at lea 's exposed body . 
 lea avoided the attack by moving with the left hook . 
 lea attacked with a right straight to payton 's head , but payton anticipated the attack and blocked it with the right arm . 
 after that exchange , both boxers created distance , and the audience was left speechless . 
 no one expected such a display of great in-fighting skills , and they cheered for that . 
 in the audience , lea 's friends were staring in amazement at the tremendous show of skill and technique . 
 `` you know , i thought payton would have gone out for blood , but she seems pretty cool about it . '' 
 said salena . 
 `` like the saying goes , ` the calm before the storm ' . 
 i 'm sure this is just the beginning of it , and it will be far from over . '' 
 said hilda , who was looking calm about it , but she was tense on the inside . 
 `` that makes me more worried about lea 's safety . 
 i know that lea trained hard for this match , but when i think about payton 's reputation ... '' said alinda , whose worry was showing on her face , and everyone understood what she was talking about . 
 `` then let 's wish her our best , and hope for the best . '' 
 after hilda said that , they all kept watching the match . 
 both boxers were back to staring at each other , and everyone who had experience in fighting , knew that the testing period was over . 
 that moment was when the real fight was going to start . 
 lea dashed forward , and payton attempted to keep lea away with quick jabs , but lea dodged and blocked them . 
 payton attempted to move around lea , to avoid getting in her punching range . 
 fortunately , lea was used to out-boxers , and quickly chased after payton . 
 payton noticed that , and simply decided to stop sliding around because she did n't see the point if her opponent could chase after her with ease . 
 payton prepared herself , moved at in-fight distance , and another barrage of punches was launched . 
 lea started with a left hook to payton 's head , which payton dodged by leaning back . 
 then , lea threw a right hook , which payton also dodged by leaning back . 
 payton did n't let it push her too far and returned with a left uppercut to lea 's chin , which lea dodged by moving her head to the side . 
 after that , payton threw a right hook to lea 's head , which lea blocked with the left arm . 
 lea fought back with a right uppercut to payton 's chin , but payton dodged by moving her head to the side . 
 payton attempted a left hook to lea 's head , but lea ducked the punch , and stood up with a left hook to payton 's head . 
 the hook was blocked by payton 's right arm , and payton attacked with a left hook to lea 's head . 
 lea ducked the punch and threw a right to payton 's body . 
 it was dodged by sliding to lea 's right side and payton fought back with a right straight to lea 's head . 
 lea used a shoulder to block the attack , but was n't expecting the force behind the punch . 
 it did n't make lea lose her balance , but it sure made her slid away from payton . 
 one minute had passed , and neither boxer had landed the opening hit . 
 it would seem that they were equal in power , speed , and technique . 
 after gathering herself , lea rushed forward with her peek-a-boo , and payton was unwilling to back away . 
 payton also charged forward and they met with their shoulders , trying to push the other . 
 soon enough , they realized that their levels of strength were very similar , and payton decided to pull away , trying to make lea lose her balance . 
 fortunately , lea quickly felt the force that was pushing her been diminished . 
 both boxers backed away at the same time . 
 again , they kept their distance , watching , and circling each other , which made the audience hold their breath . 
 they knew that the boxers could go at any second . 
 then , payton moved forward , just a little bit , and threw a left jab , which lea ducked . 
 lea charged forward , but quickly found out that payton backed away and threw another left jab at lea . 
 it caught lea by surprise and barely blocked the punch , but the jab was quickly followed by a right straight , making it into a 1-2 . 
 the combo barely pushed lea back , but it worked on keeping her in place , while payton started to rain jabs on lea . 
 it made it difficult for lea to push forward , but whenever the opportunity came up , lea would slide just a little bit forward . 
 lea knew that payton would sooner or later be trapped on the ropes or on the corner . 
 unfortunately , payton knew that , and when they were close to the corner , she circled around . 
 then , she started to push lea to the corner with right punches to the body . 
 lea tried to push back , but payton stuck to lea with the shoulder and kept pounding with right blows to lea 's body . 
 fortunately , they were all blocked , but the aim was n't to hurt , it was to push . 
 lea was slowly , but surely , been pushed into the corner and payton started to pound on lea . 
 in lea 's corner , fergus was n't expecting payton to read lea 's strategy to use the ropes . 
 `` how was she able to read that ? 
 not only that , but she was able to escape from it . '' 
 said an agitated fergus . 
 `` payton might have experience in this kind of strategy . 
 this means that she has already developed ways to escape from such a predicament . '' 
 answered alonso with a serious face . 
 `` does that mean that ... payton knows how to defeat lea ? '' 
 `` payton may know how to deal with in-fighters , but does n't know how to deal with lea herself . 
 she might have escaped from the trap , but that 's not the only thing that she should worry about . '' 
 alonso knew that lea had trained hard , even more than alonso expected , and it gave him confidence that lea was going to escape from her predicament . 
 even in that situation , lea tried to remain calm and tried to think of a way to escape the ropes . 
 lea came up with a plan , and waited for the moment to use it . 
 it came when a right blow to her body was launched , and lea parried the blow by using a shoulder roll . 
 then , lea escaped from the corner and pushed payton to the ropes . 
 then , lea started to show her specialty , by using small and fast punches , not giving any time to escape . 
 however , payton was n't just going to sit there and take it . 
 she was already thinking on how to escape . 
 payton found an escape route as she parried a left punch with her right hand . 
 then , she pushed lea with the left shoulder . 
 payton started to push lea , but lea tried to attack with the left hand . 
 unfortunately , payton was holding lea 's left hand , and payton 's back was towards the right , making it an illegal area to attack . 
 payton managed to stop lea 's barrage of attacks , which allowed her to move to the side and escape from the ropes . 
 lea knew what was coming next , a barrage of lefts were launched at her , making her focus on dodging and blocking as many as she could . 
 lea was n't going to let that stop her , and moved forward under the assault of lefts . 
 while payton was throwing her barrage of lefts , she moved to lea 's left side and attempted to throw a right . 
 lea saw that , and ducked the punch . 
 unfortunately , it turned out to be a feint and payton threw a short left uppercut at lea . 
 while lea was ducking , she saw the punch and dodged by moving her upper body to the right . 
 lea stood up and threw a right hook at payton 's head , but payton blocked it with her left hand . 
 then , payton fought back with a right hook to lea 's head , which was ducked . 
 then , payton threw a left uppercut , which lea dodged by moving her upper body to the side . 
 lea threw a left uppercut to payton 's chin , but payton dodged it by leaning back . 
 after that , payton attacked with a short right straight to lea 's head , followed by a left hook . 
 two minutes had passed and both boxers had entered into another in-fight , neither showing signs of backing down . 
 lea ducked the right straight and blocked the left hook with the right arm . 
 then , she attacked with a left uppercut to payton 's body . 
 payton blocked the uppercut with her right arm , and threw a left hook at lea 's head . 
 lea must have read payton 's mind because lea used the same arm to throw a left hook to payton 's head . 
 both punches turned into a simultaneous exchange , the first punches to cleanly land in the entire match . 
 even when both punches landed , neither boxer backed away , they actually start to throw a right hook . 
 that time , they moved the head to the left , avoiding the hook to their head , but their arms got interlocked with each other . 
 they quickly separate their arms and start throwing another hook to each other . 
 lea 's left hook to payton 's body was blocked by payton 's right arm , while payton 's left hook to lea 's head was blocked by lea 's right hand . 
 then , they clash with their shoulders , neither budging a single centimeter . 
 the deadlock was suddenly broken by lea 's right hook to payton 's head , which was blocked by payton 's left arm . 
 payton fought back with a right uppercut to lea 's chin , which lea dodged by leaning back . 
 lea attacked with a left hook to payton 's head , which payton ducked . 
 then , lea threw a right hook to payton 's head , which payton ducked . 
 after that , lea finished with a left uppercut to payton 's chin , which payton dodged by moving her head to the left . 
 payton tried to hit lea with a left uppercut to her chin . 
 lea blocked it with the right arm and attacked with a left hook to payton 's chin . 
 payton ducked the punch , and stood up with a right uppercut to lea 's chin , but lea blocked it with the left arm . 
 lea attacked with a right hook , which payton ducked . 
 then , lea threw a left uppercut , which payton dodged by leaning back . 
 after that , lea threw a right straight to payton 's face , which payton dodged by moving her head to the left and tried to counter with a right cross . 
 lea avoided the attack by moving her head behind her right arm . 
 then , they pulled their arms back , turned to face each other , and clashed with their shoulder . 
 that time , they were n't pushing at each other . 
 they were actually leaning on each other , trying to catch their breath before going at it again . 
 on payton 's corner , both seconds were surprised at how specter was able to fight evenly against payton . 
 `` specter is a tough one . 
 i do n't remember the last time that someone has lasted as long as her . '' 
 said benen 's assistant . 
 `` i 'm a little surprised too . 
 most of them tended to end beat up to a pulp . 
 however , i would n't worry about it too much . '' 
 said benen with a straight face . 
 `` why ? 
 this is the first time that i have seen payton fight evenly with an opponent . '' 
 `` well , the thing is , lea has n't faced payton when she goes all out . '' 
 benen , and his assistant knew that payton was even more dangerous when she let her killing instinct to act on its own . 
 they started to wonder just how long it would take to come out . 
 while the boxers were resting , the audience cheered wildly , liking the excitement that those boxers brought to the fight . 
 not wanting to give even a second of rest , lea started to attack with a right uppercut to payton 's body , but payton moved away , and moved to lea 's left side . 
 then , she started to throw a left jab at lea , who blocked it with the left hand and started to turn towards payton . 
 unfortunately , lea was met with another barrage of lefts to her head , making her focus on defense . 
 lea ignored the barrage and pressed forward , easily reaching punching range . 
 without hesitation , lea threw a left jab at payton , but payton parried it with the left hand and threw a right straight as a counter . 
 lea was caught by surprise , but managed to duck the punch , and attempted to attack with a right hook to payton 's body . 
 unfortunately , payton moved with lea 's hook and attempted to hit with more left jabs , but they were blocked by lea 's left arm . 
 before lea had time to turn towards her opponent , payton moved in , and attacked with a right uppercut to lea 's body . 
 lea quickly blocked with the left arm , and attacked with a right hook to payton 's head . 
 to lea 's surprise , the hook was blocked by payton 's left arm , and payton attacked with a right hook to lea 's head . 
 lea quickly ducked the punch , stood up , and attempted to attack with a left hook to payton 's body , but noticed that payton slid back . 
 then , payton attempted to counter with a right straight , but lea stopped her uppercut , ducked the attack , and moved in . 
 then , lea launched a left hook to payton 's body , and payton tried to counter with a downward left to lea 's head . 
 that time , lea was n't going to stop her attack , she was going to make it into a simultaneous exchange , but they were stopped by the referee . 
 the bell was ringing , announcing the end of the first round , and the referee sent both boxers to their respective corners . 
 without complain , they started to head to their seconds , who were waiting in their corners . 
 lea arrived to her corner and sat on the stool that was waiting for her . 
 once lea was on her seat , the seconds started to help her recover and fix any wound that they could . 
 fortunately , there was no wound , they fought pretty evenly , and neither one caused serious damage to the other . 
 `` you did good in that round , none of her punches landed on you . 
 however , none of your punches was landing either , except for the simultaneous exchange . 
 other than that , the two of you have been going pretty evenly . '' 
 said alonso as he was inspecting lea 's condition . 
 `` it looked like that , but it felt different for me . '' 
 answered lea while trying to recover as much as possible . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` it did n't feel like she was going at full force . 
 it felt like she was testing me . 
 she could actually do better than that . 
 i felt it when she started to block and throw counters at any punch that i could throw . '' 
 answered lea with a serious face . 
 `` is that so ? 
 what about you then ? 
 did you throw everything that you could ? 
 did you go at her with everything you got ? '' 
 asked alonso . 
 `` no , we must have thought the same thing . 
 i know she 's strong , stronger than she lets on . '' 
 `` this is your experience talking . 
 rushing like a mad bull will only work so far , but not with an opponent like this . 
 however , there 's a moment when the time for study is over and is time for action . 
 in the next round , use all that you have learned in this match and attack . 
 remember , if you want to stop a counter from coming at you , then you throw punch after punch , do n't give her a moment to attack . 
 that 's what an in-fighter like you is good at , got it ? '' 
 lea looked at alonso with a determined face , and responded . 
 `` okay . '' 
 meanwhile , on payton 's corner , things were almost the same as in lea 's corner . 
 `` what do you think , payton ? 
 think you can handle such a strong in-fighter ? '' 
 asked benen , who was n't looking worried in the least . 
 `` she 's strong and fast . 
 she 's obviously a specialist when it comes to in-fighting . '' 
 answered payton , who was ready to go into the fray at any moment . 
 `` yes , but the question i have is this : think you can handle her ? '' 
 payton looked straight into benen 's eyes , and benen could see that she was ready to simply start to put lea down . 
 `` yes . '' 
 that was all payton answered . 
 `` i expected an answer like this one from her . 
 payton has dealt with in-fighters before , but is not that experience that helps her . 
 her survival instinct is what protects her , but what makes her more frightening in a match , is her killing instinct . 
 i 'm not worried about payton , but i know that her opponent is strong . 
 let 's see if you can deal with payton , now that she has felt your skills . '' 
 while the seconds kept working on their boxers , tania was watching from the audience and studying what was going on . 
 `` they took good notes on each other , good references , and good application of that new information . 
 unfortunately , they are too even , equal when it came to attacks in the first round . 
 what is going to break the standstill ? '' 
 thought tania , who got deep in thought about the subject . 
 another person in the audience was enjoying the match , and the person was none other , than karen . 
 `` i was expecting nothing less from specter , and of course , payton . 
 speaking of payton , there 's something strange going on with her . 
 it is n't passion , but something else , something more savage about her , unlike specter herself . 
 i wonder when is payton going to unleash it . '' 
 thought karen . 
 last , but not least , was the rising star in the light heavyweight division , luisa . 
 `` this is a good match , i 'm glad that i came to see this . 
 just as i was hoping , specter already reached the finals , but considering the opponent that she 's fighting , is not going to be an easy one . 
 be careful , specter , i got a bad feeling about her . '' 
 thought luisa . 
 suddenly , the announcer ordered the seconds to leave the ring . 
 `` one more thing , if you want to beat a counter-puncher , use feints . 
 confuse her , let her know that you got more up your sleeves , got it ? '' 
 said alonso in an attempt to give any last advice that he could . 
 `` got it . '' 
 answered lea while putting her mouthpiece . 
 with all seconds out , both boxers wait for the bell , and they did n't have to wait for long . 
 without any delay , the bell ringed . 
 both boxers came rushing forward , meeting each other in the middle of the ring . 
 lea started the attack with a left hook to payton 's head . 
 payton tried to block it , but it was a feint , and lea threw a right uppercut to payton 's chin . 
 payton fell for the feint , but it did n't matter because payton managed to block it with the left arm . 
 then , she attacked with a right hook to lea 's head . 
 lea ducked the punch and tried to force the pace to her favor by starting a barrage of small punches . 
 what lea was n't expecting , was payton starting to block every single one of lea 's punches with whatever she could use . 
 after seeing that , lea decided to add some feints in her barrage of attacks . 
 unfortunately , it seemed that payton had gone up a gear in speed because she was able to keep blocking and dodging the attacks . 
 lea was n't one to lag behind and started to increase the speed of her punches . 
 even with that , payton was able to block and parry lea 's attacks , which made things look bad for lea . 
 in lea 's opinion , it was n't so bad because payton had n't landed a single punch on lea , which meant that lea 's plan was working well . 
 unfortunately , lea was far from the truth because it was n't that payton could n't attack . 
 she simply did n't want to attack yet . 
 all of that blocking and dodging was the final part of her study . 
 at that moment , payton had more than enough , and when lea threw a right uppercut to payton 's body , payton blocked the attack with the left arm . 
 then , payton landed a right hook on lea 's head , but lea surprised payton when a hook landed on her body . 
 that exchange surprised benen because he was n't expecting lea to actually keep attacking after taking a hit to the head . 
 `` just what in the hell is that girl made of ? 
 payton 's hooks are no laughing matter , but specter was able to take it and continue fighting . 
 i hope things do n't turn for the worse after that , specter might take this chance to control the flow of the match . '' 
 thought benen . 
 he was n't liking how that was going and did n't want to admit it , but he hoped for payton to go all out . 
 `` i feel like the worst person for what i 'm about to wish for , but if it means winning the match , then so be it . 
 payton , do n't you think is time to let the beast out ? '' 
 benen was sure that , when it came out , the match would fall into their hands , and with it , the tournament . 
 after the left hook , lea continued with a right uppercut to payton 's chin , which payton dodged by sliding back . 
 then , she took the opportunity to land a right on lea 's face . 
 as payton pulled her right back , lea rushed in and landed a left uppercut on payton 's body . 
 then , lea tried to use the same left arm to launch a left hook to payton 's head , but payton launched a left hook to lea 's head . 
 both punches landed , making it into another simultaneous exchange , and again , lea ignored the pain . 
 at that point , payton realize that trying to beat lea in her specialty was n't the best course of action . 
 the plan was to demoralize lea by beating her in her own game , but it turned out that she was better than payton thought . 
 so , payton decided that she would use out-boxing at close-range . 
 staying inside of lea 's arm reach , payton started move quickly in short distances , while lea attempted to land a punch . 
 lea threw a left uppercut to payton 's chin , but payton moved to the left and countered with a left jab to lea 's face . 
 ignoring that attack , lea continued to chase after payton and attacked with a left hook . 
 payton ducked the punch , and countered with a right uppercut to lea 's chin . 
 lea refused to give up , even if she took those counters , and continued her attack . 
 at that moment , lea decided to use a little addition to her attacks , and that addition , were feints . 
 lea threw a left hook at payton , making payton move to lea 's right side . 
 then , lea threw a right and hit payton in the face . 
 that did n't stop payton because she had more toughness than the average out-boxer . 
 payton attacked with a left to lea 's face , but lea ducked the punch , and stood up with a left uppercut to payton 's chin . 
 lea was actually throwing a feint , and she could see that payton was going to move to the right . 
 lea was going to throw a right hook to payton 's body , but payton was betting that the uppercut was a feint and it paid off . 
 payton moved back just in time to dodge the hook and landed a right straight on lea 's face . 
 just like before , lea attempted to push forward , even if the fist was right on her face , and payton knew that lea would do that . 
 so , payton threw a left hook , but lea quickly ducked the punch and hit payton 's body with a right hook . 
 a minute had passed into the second round , and lea had landed a clean hit on payton 's body , but it did n't stop there . 
 lea kept her barrage of attacks on payton , forcing her to cover-up , but it did n't look like it would be enough . 
 payton was slowly been pushed back with every punch that landed on her guard . 
 eventually , payton was pushed all the way to the ropes , and she was kept there by lea 's punches . 
 lea did n't give payton any chance to retaliate because lea kept her punches as small and quick as she could throw them . 
 the audience behind payton could see her been pushed into the ropes little by little . 
 payton was trying to think of a way out of the ropes , but could n't think of anything . 
 `` what to do ? 
 what to do ? 
 specter is strong , really strong , no matter how much i punch her , she will simply keep pushing . 
 how do you stop a boxer like that ? '' 
 thought payton . 
 then , payton felt something , something that she was very familiar with , and she did n't like it . 
 `` what ? 
 no ! 
 i ... i have to resist , i have to focus . 
 i ca n't let it out , even if lea is my opponent , she 's a nice person on the inside . '' 
 it was creeping its way out , and payton could n't hold it back any longer . 
 `` specter , i 'm sorry , i hope you can survive . '' 
 lea was about to land another barrage of attacks , which was a left uppercut and a right hook , but they did n't hit . 
 instead , they were knocked aside by payton , who used both of her arms , and stopped the assault on her . 
 that caught lea by surprise , not expecting to be stopped like that because it would have taken a high amount of speed and power to do so . 
 after that , lea felt something inside of her that was telling her to be careful , to be in alert , and it made her look at payton . 
 what lea found in payton 's eyes , was nothing more than a complete intent , not to hurt or win , but to simply kill her . 
 alonso was left speechless , and he was n't the only one , fergus was shocked by what he just saw . 
 `` i can hardly believe it , payton was able to stop her with simple brute strength , but how did she get the timing for it ? '' 
 asked fergus , who had never seen such a thing , and noticed that alonso was looking confused . 
 `` what is it , coach ? '' 
 `` well , i 'm just as surprised as you , but there 's something weird with the chica . 
 even if she was stopped , she would have continued on her attack on payton , but she did n't . '' 
 answered alonso . 
 `` maybe she 's still surprised . '' 
 `` no , this is something different , i can feel it in the air , something big is going on , and is staring at the chica 's face . '' 
 alonso could n't explain it any better than that , and could only hope that lea could deal with it . 
 payton started her retaliation when she threw a right uppercut at lea 's chin . 
 lea saw that and leaned back , but it turned out to be a feint . 
 payton stopped her uppercut , and moved in with a left hook to lea 's head . 
 it landed on the side of lea 's head and made lea back away from payton , giving her enough space to escape from the ropes . 
 at that point , payton was n't concerned about escaping from the ropes . 
 she was just concerned about destroying the enemy in front of her , and she was just getting started . 
 payton chased after lea and attacked with a left jab , which lea blocked . 
 after the block , lea tried to rush in with a left uppercut to payton 's chin . 
 payton moved to the side , and hit lea with a right uppercut to her body . 
 then , payton followed with a left straight to lea 's head , sending it flying to the side . 
 lea 's new toughness helped lea recover quickly from the punch and returned the attack with a right punch . 
 payton dodged the punch to the left and used a right cross counter , pushing lea back again . 
 lea knew that backing down was a bad move in an in-fight . 
 she refused to do so and tried to move closer to payton . 
 while doing so , payton quickly moved to lea 's right and threw a left punch at lea 's liver , but lea managed to block the attack . 
 unfortunately , payton did n't stop there and threw a right straight at lea 's exposed head , but lea barely managed to duck the punch . 
 lea turned to face payton and tried to dash forward , but payton moved to lea 's right , a move that lea was expecting . 
 when payton got into position , lea threw a right at payton , but she moved in and dodged the punch . 
 not only that , but payton landed another right cross counter on lea 's face , making lea back away . 
 payton rushed in , taking the opportunity to put the pressure back on lea , and started with a barrage of attacks . 
 that put lea on the defensive , covering as much as she could , and dodging as many punches as she could . 
 basically , the tables were turned , and lea was on the receiving end . 
 two minutes have passed , and things have turned ugly for lea , who was been pounded by payton . 
 lea was dodging , blocking , whatever she could do to avoid any more damage than she already had . 
 still , lea refused to stay that way forever , and attempted to throw a feint at payton . 
 lea threw a left , which was actually a feint , but payton did n't fall for it and kept her assault on lea . 
 another feint was thrown as a left uppercut to payton 's chin , and again , payton did n't fall for it . 
 instead , payton threw a right and hit lea right in her face , which left her in disbelief . 
 `` how is it that she does n't fall for my feints ? 
 can she read my mind or something ? 
 what am i supposed to do in this situation ? '' 
 thought lea , who was n't given any time to think because she had to focus on surviving the round . 
 while lea was in the match trying to survive , those in the audience had an impression of their own . 
 `` those counters , avoiding those feints , no amount of study , research , or investigation can achieve that . 
 this is beyond that , this is something that you just feel it , something that the body must sense . 
 i have no real explanation for this level of skill . '' 
 thought tania , who had performed hundreds of counters , but she always relied on studying the opponent . 
 she never believed in just guessing . 
 karen on the other hand , while impressed by payton 's level , was disgusted by the feeling of insanity that she felt on payton . 
 `` so this is what i was feeling , that explains the shady people in the audience . 
 payton is n't thinking of anything , but to simply spill blood and paint the ring red with it . 
 what are you going to do , specter ? 
 can you defeat a killing machine like payton ? '' 
 thought karen in hopes that lea could win the match . 
 luisa was actually feeling uncomfortable for another reason . 
 `` somehow , this reminds me of my old days . 
 when i did n't care what happened to them . 
 you 're strong , specter , i know you can defeat her . 
 if you lose here , then what do you think you 're previous opponents are going to feel like ? '' 
 thought luisa and prayed for lea 's victory . 
 meanwhile , payton kept the attack on lea , and lea decided on another approach to that situation . 
 if she could n't land a hit without getting hit , then she was going to make them into a simultaneous exchange . 
 the opportunity presented itself when payton threw a right hook , and lea threw a right hook of her own . 
 it looked like they would hit at the same time , but payton quickly changed the hook into a left straight , hitting lea in the face . 
 lea tried again and launched a left hook when payton threw a right uppercut , but the right uppercut turned into a block . 
 then , payton threw a short left straight on lea 's chin , making lea 's head face the ceiling , and payton threw another attack to lea 's chin . 
 lea recovered and barely blocked with the right hand , but a right hook was sent to the side of lea 's head . 
 with incredible speed , lea barely ducked the punch , and was put in the defensive again . 
 lea may be doing a good job at blocking , but it meant that she would either lose by decision , the referee might stop it , or payton would find a crack in lea 's defense , and pour in the punishment . 
 either way , lea clung to hope and tried to push forward under the rain of punches to reach payton 's chest . 
 lea managed to slide little by little , but payton did n't allow it any longer and push lea back with a quicker barrage of attacks . 
 lea 's guard was slowly breaking apart , and did n't last long before it actually broke . 
 with the opening , payton threw a right straight at lea 's face , and lea was hit cleanly , but managed to hang on to consciousness . 
 payton did n't stop there and threw a left uppercut to lea 's chin , which lea managed to dodge by moving her head to the right . 
 that was a perfect opportunity to escape from the ropes . 
 lea slid to the side , but payton did n't allow it . 
 with the same speed , if not faster , payton followed lea and kept her in the ropes with a barrage of lefts . 
 again , lea was left in the defensive , but thankfully , the referee got between them and stopped the assault . 
 the bell ringed at the same time that the referee got between them , but payton did n't seem to care and tried to keep fighting . 
 then , payton stopped because someone familiar to her called her . 
 `` payton ! '' 
 shouted benen , and payton started to slide back to her corner , leaving a damaged lea on the ropes . 
 once payton was gone , lea started to slide to her corner , and did n't have a face that showed any fear or doubt . 
 instead , it was a face that was starting to swell and showing some signs of bleeding . 
 mostly around the nose and the mouth , sending the message to everyone that lea might be up , but she lost in her specialty . 
 after witnessing lea losing terribly in an in-fight , everyone in the audience started to wonder if lea could do anything . 
 chapter 20 : upgrade lea reached her corner after been dominated by payton in an in-fight , and lea 's face told the whole story . 
 alonso and fergus took a good look at lea 's face , and they found more than just areas swelling up . 
 what they also found out that , was that lea was demoralized , which was what the seconds expected after she was beaten in her specialty . 
 `` what can i do ? 
 is there anything i can do ? 
 was it a bad idea to try this in the first place ? '' 
 thought lea as her spirit started to slowly crumble . 
 the loss in the in-fight had been too much for her , and she was n't the only one . 
 alinda , salena , and hilda were in shock , not expecting their friend to lose like that and that payton was that dangerous . 
 `` lea may be our friend , but i have to admit it . 
 as a counter-puncher , payton was impressive . 
 been able to throw counters at such a short range , been able to read a feint , was beyond expectation . '' 
 said alinda in disbelief . 
 `` i do n't want to admit it , but payton is a strong one , i do n't think this is going to be easy for lea . '' 
 said hilda with a serious face . 
 `` okay , so payton is crazy strong , but lea trained like a mad person , and the coach is with her . 
 i 'm sure something will come out and make things better . '' 
 argued salena , but it was mostly to avoid sounding pessimistic about the match . 
 they could all imagine just how bad it felt for lea to be beaten in her own game , and how hard it was going to be to get out of it . 
 `` come on , lea , you can do this . 
 we all believe in you . '' 
 back in the ring , alonso was looking at lea , and decided to fix that look in her face . 
 alonso grabbed a bag of ice , and put it on lea 's face , which made lea shiver . 
 lea looked at alonso , just as he wanted , and he knelt to her level . 
 `` what 's with that look of yours ? 
 do you think you 're going to lose ? '' 
 asked alonso with a straight face . 
 `` no no ... it 's just ... '' answered lea , who looked hesitant to say it . 
 `` it looks bad , i know , i saw the whole thing on the corner , and i 'm surprised . 
 now , let me ask you this , have you done everything that you could ? '' 
 that question confused lea . 
 as far as she knew , she had done everything that she could against payton . 
 then , lea started to think deeply about it , and came to the realization that lea had n't used her technique . 
 `` if you can slide here on your own , then there 's still hope , and you still have one more thing to try . '' 
 `` yeah , i have n't used it . '' 
 lea started to feel a little better about it and recovered some of her will to fight . 
 `` that 's right , it might be a risky move , but if you use it quickly before payton closes the distance , you might be able to land the attack . 
 even if she blocks it , you might pass through her guard , got it ? '' 
 `` yeah ! '' 
 lea was ready to fight again . 
 on the other corner , things were n't going bad for payton and her seconds . 
 unfortunately , the air was heavy for the seconds because of payton 's state of mind . 
 one of the seconds was actually nervous about it . 
 he thought that payton was going to go off on them , instead of specter . 
 the only one brave enough to stand face to face with payton , was benen because he knew how to deal with her when she was like that . 
 benen took a good look at her eyes , and he could see that she wanted to fight , not to sit around . 
 it was a good thing that payton 's training in the gym had made her control herself , or at the very least , to consider benen as her commander . 
 with payton under control , they started to help payton . 
 when they were done , the announcer ordered the seconds to leave the ring . 
 before they did it , benen gave an order that he was n't going to be happy about , but it needed to be done . 
 `` eliminate . '' 
 that was the only thing that benen said , and payton responded by simply getting up in a sudden manner . 
 with both boxers ready , the bell ringed , which announced the start of the third round . 
 payton rushed out of her corner and headed straight to lea , but payton stopped a few feet away from her own corner . 
 lea slowly came out of her own corner , which was something suspicious for payton and her seconds . 
 lea 's fans were a different story because they already knew what that meant , and they liked what lea was planning . 
 payton knew that something was up and decided to proceed with caution . 
 at that moment , both boxers were moving closer to each other at a slow pace , which made many in the audience hold their breath . 
 then , as quick and unexpected as a lightning bolt , lea launched her spear strike at payton , going straight to her face . 
 payton quickly managed to put both hands in front of her face , blocking the attack , but things did n't go her way . 
 the punch kept going with her guard , pushing payton 's hands to her own face and sent her flying back . 
 by the time payton stopped , she was close to the ropes , and the audience cheered for such an insanely powerful punch , even though it only hit her guard . 
 lea was very surprised because she was n't expecting the spear strike to be that powerful . 
 then , payton 's corner was about to be surprised . 
 when payton revealed her face , it showed a trail of blood coming out of her nose , which indicated that her nose was crushed by the attack . 
 many in the audience were left astonished and made them cheer for lea even more . 
 payton 's corner was left without words . 
 they have watched the videos countless times about lea 's technique , but they never anticipated the attack to be that destructive . 
 `` that attack is just plain dangerous , if one of those were to land cleanly on payton , it might end the match in an instant . '' 
 thought benen as he looked at payton 's face , and he could see that payton was n't perturbed , not even when her nose was broken by the attack . 
 seeing that made benen calm down , but only a little . 
 `` as long as payton still has that look on her face , then we have n't lost yet . '' 
 it would be a great opportunity for lea to trap payton on the ropes and start her assault , but lea did n't charge . 
 instead , lea prepared once again to throw her spear strike , which made many in the audience believe that she wanted to end the match . 
 with the preparations complete , lea started her slow march towards payton , who was still standing near the ropes , but would n't be for long . 
 in an attempt to stop lea from throwing the attack , payton dashed forward in a lower stance . 
 after lea noticed that , she also lowered her stance , and launched another spear strike . 
 payton was ready to simply block , and she did by using a cross-arm block in front of her face . 
 the attack landed , and many would believe that payton made a successful block , but that was n't the case . 
 the strong cross-arm block was blown away , leaving the crowd and payton 's corner in disbelief . 
 the block only saved payton from been launched away , but that might have been bad in itself . 
 while payton recovered from the attack , lea took the opportunity to charge in and attack with a liver blow . 
 the blow landed on payton , making that the first punch that had landed since payton went insane . 
 even in that state , payton could n't hide the pain that was showing on her face , and lea did n't stop there . 
 after the liver blow , lea stood up with a left hook to payton 's head , but payton managed to rise her right arm to her head , and blocked the attack . 
 that did n't stop lea , who attempted another left hook to payton 's liver , but payton moved out of the way and countered with a left jab to lea 's face . 
 lea staggered for a little bit , showing signs of accumulated damage , but refused to let it stop her even for a second , and pressed forward . 
 that time , lea attempted a left uppercut to payton 's chin , but payton read that and attempted a counter with a left hook . 
 a punch landed , but it was n't payton 's punch . 
 it was lea 's punch , which left payton 's corner in shock . 
 lea won the exchange because payton 's body was still in pain , and it delayed her punch for a second . 
 the punch sent payton 's head back , and lea tried to follow up with a right hook , but payton ducked the punch and backed away from lea . 
 that meant only one thing for lea . 
 she was getting the upper hand on the match , and she was n't willing to let it go . 
 with the distance created by payton , lea decided to use another spear strike . 
 one minute into the third round and lea was finally taking control of the match . 
 to put an end to the match , lea prepared to use the spear strike once more and got her tail ready for it . 
 payton backed away to the middle of the ring , and stood there . 
 everyone thought that payton was trying to recover from the previous attacks . 
 with that in mind , lea slowly proceeded into her attack 's range , hoping that payton would stay in place . 
 the slowness of lea 's approach was nerve wrecking . 
 lea 's fans were eager to see lea win the match , and even more if she used the spear strike . 
 they wo n't have to wait for long because payton was already in range , and lea launched her attack on payton . 
 lea was going straight towards payton , too fast for the normal eye to catch . 
 it felt like an eternity for those watching , but as soon as it started , it ended quickly . 
 a tremendous crashing sound was heard throughout the entire arena . 
 both boxers have a rising fist in front of them , lea because of her spear strike , and payton with her left fist . 
 some started thinking that she may have tried to counter the dangerous spear strike . 
 lea and payton were away from each other , both showing their backs to each other . 
 no one was sure what just happened , neither boxer was moving a single muscle . 
 then , payton was the first one to move . 
 payton slowly turned around , still with the killing desire in her eyes , and lea on the other hand , stood in the same position . 
 after a few moments , lea wobbled and started to slide towards the ropes in front of her . 
 it did n't look like she would reach them , so she launched herself to the ropes . 
 lea landed on the ropes , and the audience could take a good look at lea 's face . 
 what they were n't prepared for , was for lea to suddenly drop her mouthpiece , which was followed by a trail of blood . 
 some in the audience screamed or gasped in horror at the sight . 
 after that , lea turned around and leaned on the ropes for support . 
 that was when lea 's corner could get a better look at her face . 
 there was blood in lea 's mouth , her nose was bleeding , and her eyes were nearly empty . 
 lea 's corner watched in shock , felt a cold sweat on them , and had their eyes wide open . 
 no one expected payton to have , not only the skill , but the guts to actually try a counter , and to actually succeed . 
 `` this is the worst case scenario ! 
 tania countered the attack before , but her fear made her hold back most of her punching power . 
 payton used all the strength that she could muster in her left hand and perfectly countered the spear strike . 
 it 's a miracle that the chica is still standing , but will she be able to hold on until the end of the round ? '' 
 thought alonso , but after he witnessed that , he doubted that lea would be able to keep her promise to him . 
 alonso could clearly see why payton landed the counter . 
 she moved forward , faster than lea , and countered with a left straight . 
 all that made payton 's punch the first one to land . 
 payton was standing in the same spot , staring at lea to determine how damaged she was . 
 payton was about to start her attack on lea , but payton got a surprise . 
 lea started to move away from the ropes and slowly slid towards payton . 
 everyone could see that lea was in no condition to move around , even less to start an attack , but lea did n't seem to care . 
 payton did n't care how damaged was lea and started to slide towards her , ready to end the match in that instant . 
 when payton reached punching range , she prepared to throw a right straight at lea . 
 lea attempted the same thing and threw a right straight , but it was obvious that payton 's right was going to land first . 
 then , everyone got the surprise of their life when lea 's right was the one that landed on payton 's face , and lea 's right did n't seem to have lost any power behind it . 
 no one could understand why payton lost another exchange , since she was almost a master when it came to countering punches . 
 the truth was that payton was more damaged than she thought and used a lot of her remaining stamina to land the previous counter . 
 that was something that payton 's corner was just discovering . 
 lea did n't stop there and threw a left hook at payton 's head , but payton moved out of the way just in time . 
 lea did n't seem to notice because she simply kept punching . 
 then , lea suddenly stopped and started to look around , which meant that she was actually half-conscious . 
 once lea found what she was looking for , she slowly started to slide towards payton , who did n't back away , but did n't slide forward either . 
 payton preferred to wait and see where lea was going to strike next . 
 while lea was on the way towards payton , lea wobbled for a moment , and regained her balance after a moment . 
 two minutes into the third round and things seem to be getting even between them , but lea was still in a critical condition . 
 looking unsteady and with a bloodied face , no one in the audience felt any hope of lea winning the match . 
 still , they could see that lea kept going , her will to fight had n't been broken , and it touched many hearts in the audience . 
 many in the audience started to cheer for lea , trying to revive that injured warrior , but it did n't seem to have any real effect on lea . 
 either way , they kept going , and just like they wanted , lea kept moving towards payton . 
 once payton recovered from her damage , the look on her face changed , and it looked to be more bloodthirsty than before . 
 payton moved forward and started to attack with left jabs , which made lea go on the defensive again . 
 that alone did n't seem to stop lea in the least . 
 with no other alternative , payton entered into an in-fighting distance and started to attack with a right hook to lea 's head . 
 lea blocked it with the left arm and attacked with a right uppercut to payton 's chin . 
 payton attempted to lean back and counter with a left hook , but lost some of her balance , which stopped her from attempting a counter . 
 lea did n't care , or did n't notice , and simply continued her attack with a left hook to payton 's head . 
 as a last resort , payton attacked with a left hook of her own and made it into a simultaneous exchange . 
 payton was confident that lea had suffered more damage than payton , and believed that the first one to fall would be lea . 
 even with that in mind , payton could feel the same strength that lea had since the beginning , so that made it into a risky move . 
 lea 's previous opponents knew what payton was trying to do , but they did n't think it will be enough to bring lea down . 
 `` trying to bring specter down before she does ? 
 that 's a bold move , but is not enough to bring her down . 
 specter is too resilient , to the point of been out of this world , but considering the damage from the counter , she might not have enough . 
 still , specter has tremendous punching power , and it might cause more damage than payton thinks . 
 this is too difficult to bring a conclusion , too many unknowns , must keep observing . '' 
 thought tania as she kept watching the match . 
 `` specter has too much determination , too much spirit to fall easily with simple exchanges . 
 she always makes her matches a wonder to watch and her passion is moving . 
 do n't fall , specter , a being such as you should n't fall to a killing machine like her . '' 
 thought karen and prayed for lea 's success . 
 `` you can try against her , payton , but if i could have warned you , i would have told you to avoid that slug fest . 
 specter may not have the same power as me , but she still packs power on those fists of hers . 
 still , i 'm worried about that previous counter , and it makes me wonder . 
 what drives her to this point ? '' 
 thought luisa , who would feel closer to lea , if luisa knew what lea was fighting for . 
 lea went with a right uppercut to payton 's chin , while payton went with a left hook to lea 's head , making it into another exchange . 
 lea followed with a left hook to payton 's body , while payton went with a right uppercut to lea 's chin , making another exchange . 
 that time , payton pulled back , making everyone believe that she lost the exchange , but it was n't the case . 
 payton was baiting lea to make her use the spear strike . 
 lea saw that and did n't seem to realize the plan because she prepared to launch the attack . 
 everyone tried to warn her , but lea was n't conscious enough to listen to them , and proceeded to move into range . 
 payton was waiting for it , and would n't have to wait any longer because lea quickly launched her attack . 
 to everyone 's horror , payton quickly moved forward , and managed to counter with a right straight to lea 's face . 
 the counter sent blood flying through the air , and pushed lea 's head back . 
 the audience could see that lea was starting to fall on her back , heading straight to the mat . 
 they considered lea done for , some even considered her death . 
 then , they saw a miracle , something that could not have been believed if they were n't in the arena watching the match with their own eyes . 
 lea managed to regain her balance and kept standing , leaving many in shock and amazement . 
 of course , lea started to wobble again , showing that the attack did hurt her . 
 payton did n't look shocked , more like she expected that . 
 she knew that lea would n't fall with those punches , not with those eyes filled with determination . 
 therefore , payton would have to simply beat the life out of lea . 
 after all , they still had three more rounds to go , and to make sure it took less , payton moved into punching range . 
 payton started with a 1-2 combo , which lea blocked , and stayed blocking , not wanting to drop her guard for even a second . 
 payton continued to attack , knowing that lea 's guard will eventually break , and it does . 
 lea 's guard was beaten open , and payton tried to take the opportunity to land a clean hit on lea 's face with a right straight . 
 everyone thought it would be the end of the match , but the bell started to ring and the referee got between them . 
 payton attempted to slide past the referee , but the referee held her back , until benen called for her . 
 after that , both boxers start to head to their respective corners , with payton sliding like nothing , while lea slid with uneven movements . 
 that made the audience believe that lea might be done for . 
 lea managed to reach her corner , needing the help of alonso to actually reach the stool before dropping on it . 
 while alonso checked on lea , fergus was cleaning the bloodied mouthpiece that lea dropped when leaning on the ropes . 
 `` the whole mouthpiece was covered in blood , which just shows how dangerous the counter was . 
 i do n't know if we should let lea continue with this . 
 the worst thing that could happen is that lea turns into a tragic accident . '' 
 thought fergus and was about to talk to alonso about that , until fergus heard alonso talk to lea . 
 `` what ? 
 i ca n't hear you . '' 
 said alonso , who looked both worried and puzzled . 
 `` i can fight ... it 's not ... over . 
 everything ... is set . 
 this is all ... or nothing . '' 
 mumbled lea , still looking half-conscious . 
 in an attempt to help clear lea 's head , alonso grabbed water and poured it on lea . 
 after that , alonso started cleaning the blood off of lea 's face , which was swelling up . 
 the right eye was closed because of the swelling . 
 alonso could see that lea was nearly done , she did n't look like she could fight any longer and he was about to tell lea that he was stopping the match . 
 then , he took a look into her eye , and he saw something that nearly brought the tough trainer to tears . 
 alonso could still see lea 's tremendous will and determination to fight , ready to win or die trying . 
 `` you 're one great boxer , chica . 
 i can not stop you from fighting . 
 instead of worrying of getting your hatred , i would regret stopping you . '' 
 while alonso was thinking that , lea kept mumbling to herself about something been set . 
 `` chica , what did you set up ? '' 
 lea did n't respond and kept her mumbling to herself . 
 `` what do we do , coach ? 
 should we stop the match ? '' 
 asked fergus in concern . 
 `` no , help me get her ready for the next round . 
 it 's going to be the last one . '' 
 answered alonso . 
 on payton 's corner , things could n't get any better . 
 they simply knew that they had the victory in that match . 
 after that counter , they believed that lea was going to be nothing more than a simple punching bag , or a bloody punching bag at that point . 
 they could feel payton 's desire to kill lea . 
 for payton , the enemy would n't go down , unless it was put down for good . 
 even if things were going well , the seconds were feeling scared of payton , except for benen because payton had been giving that air around her . 
 she just wanted to go already and kill lea for the simple reason that she was still standing . 
 while the other second was frozen by fear , benen started to work on payton , trying to clean the blood off of her and help her recover from the damage . 
 up close , payton could see that payton was n't looking at anything or anyone else , other than lea herself , with the same murderous intent in her eyes . 
 `` are you that eager to end specter ? 
 i do n't like that idea in your head , i would prefer if you would knock her down , but this is the first time that someone has made you go this far . 
 not only that , this is the first time that you were this eager to kill someone . 
 i do n't know if the old payton is in there anymore , but i hope that after the match , she will come back . '' 
 thought benen , who started to concentrate on his job . 
 he was hoping that , by the end of the match , both boxers came out instead of just one . 
 after that , the time was spent with nothing but fixing and helping their boxers . 
 meanwhile , the air around the audience was heavy , so much that some are shivering , and some are having their heart beating like they were running a marathon . 
 they all knew that the fourth round would decide who will be the victor , and who will be leaving the ring . 
 the time had come because all seconds were ordered out of the ring . 
 `` do n't give up , chica . 
 whatever you have in mind , i 'll have complete faith in it . '' 
 said alonso with a serious face , while giving lea her mouthpiece . 
 lea seemed to have heard that part because she nodded her head . 
 on the other corner , payton was already up and ready to finish what she started . 
 no words were needed for her , benen hoped for the best and not a tragedy for lea , even if she was the opponent . 
 not wanting to delay the match any longer , the referee stepped in the middle , and asked both boxers if they were ready . 
 they say yes , and the referee started the fourth round at the ring of the bell . 
 both boxers came out of their corners . 
 payton livelier than before , while lea looked to be out of energy and would n't last even a minute in the round . 
 the audience also noticed that lea was already in her position to launch another spear strike . 
 that made many believe that she had gone crazy because the last two times ended up in a counter . 
 payton easily noticed that , and somewhere in her mind , believed that it would be better that way . 
 all payton would have to do was to put all of her force behind the right hand in her next counter . 
 payton knew that it might not only end the match , but it might also end the rising boxer known as specter . 
 lea did n't seem to think about the risk because she kept moving into get payton into the range of the attack , and payton was waiting for it . 
 payton already had the timing and speed , so she was more than ready to simply counter it . 
 many in the audience tried to warn lea from using her only technique , but she did n't listen to them , she was determined to win . 
 of course , not for the tournament , but for julie , nick , lucy , jenny , everyone in the house , and everyone who supported her . 
 `` it 's not over , i wo n't fall , i wo n't lose ! 
 as long as i can lift a finger , as long as i can throw a punch , i 'll keep fighting ! '' 
 thought lea . 
 she was ready , and the moment to put everything she had trained for was at hand . 
 the spear strike was launched , and payton was ready to counter the attack . 
 payton moved forward , and threw a right straight with all the force she could gather , while lea was been launched straight into the punch . 
 everyone in the audience was expecting another trail of fresh blood and a tremendous sound throughout the entire arena , but there was n't any of that . 
 everyone got the surprise of their lives , even payton , when they discover that lea had stopped her attack midway . 
 most of her tail was extended , but the rest was still in place . 
 lea 's friends were amazed because lea managed to pull something that only tremendous hard work could achieve . 
 `` she ... she did it . 
 she stopped the spear strike , and her tail is still in one piece . '' 
 said salena with disbelief and amazement . 
 `` i have no words for this miracle . 
 this is the most unexpected thing for a counter-puncher . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` yes , the lass did something that is dangerous to do in the first place , but even if the move is a success , it does n't mean that there 's no price to pay . '' 
 said hilda , who was amazed and worried for lea . 
 hilda could just imagine how painful it was for the lower half of lea 's tail . 
 payton had thrown tremendous amount of force in the right punch , and that was so unexpected , that payton could n't stop her right straight . 
 lea took the opportunity to throw the rest of her attack . 
 lea moved her head outside of payton 's right punch , while lea threw the rest of her attack . 
 lea countered payton , hitting her square in the face . 
 payton tried to take the punch because the spear strike was n't completely thrown , but it was more than enough to cause tremendous damage . 
 enough damage to send payton to the mat and the referee got between the boxers . 
 it was obvious for everyone that it was a down , and the audience cheered for lea . 
 the referee sent lea to a neutral corner and prepared to start his count on payton , who started to bleed from her mouth and nose . 
 `` 1 ... 2 ... 3 '' counted the referee , and there was no response from payton , which made her corner enter in a panic . 
 `` i was n't expecting specter to stop her attack , and countering a right from payton . 
 i thought the spear was broken , but specter was able to make it stronger . '' 
 thought benen , who had to admit that the attack had evolved and became even more powerful . 
 `` 4 ... 5 ... 6 '' there was no response from payton . 
 `` so that 's what you were planning , you used a technique that was sure to be countered , just to leave payton in a sense of safety . 
 even when a spear is broken , you can fix it and even upgrade it . '' 
 thought alonso . 
 he was proud of lea , but even with that , he was ready to throw the towel if necessary . 
 before the seventh count , payton started to get up from the mat , still bleeding and suffering the effects of the attack . 
 by the eight count , payton was up and with a fighting pose . 
 the referee looked at payton , and could see that she was able to continue , but her eyes had become different . 
 besides the killing instinct , there was an instinct of survival , which made her more dangerous . 
 one minute into the fourth round and lea seemed to be taking control of the match because of her new addition to the spear strike . 
 the audience did n't know that lea 's tail was suffering tremendous pain . 
 lea did n't care how painful it was , she was going to win even if she lost her life . 
 payton attempted to dash forward , but the damage that she suffered had made her unsteady . 
 lea took the opportunity to prepare another spear strike . 
 lea started to slowly slide towards payton , who took the slow approach as an opportunity to recover , just enough to move around . 
 lea managed to reach the correct distance for her attack , and without waiting for any signal , she launched it . 
 payton attempted to counter with a right again , but lea stopped , and payton knew that it would happen . 
 payton stopped her attack and moved towards lea , attempting to attack with the same right punch . 
 once in range , payton threw a right punch at lea 's face , but lea ducked the punch . 
 lea attacked with a left hook to payton 's liver , which landed cleanly and it made payton groan in pain . 
 then , lea hit payton with a left uppercut to her chin , making payton back away and giving lea enough space to throw the rest of her attack . 
 payton recovered and attempted to throw another counter with the left hand . 
 unfortunately for payton , lea had lowered her stance in time to dodge the counter , and hit payton 's body with a right punch . 
 the attack made payton bend forward , and lea took the opportunity to follow with a left uppercut to payton 's chin . 
 lea continued with a right hook to payton 's head , followed by a left hook , and finishing with a right uppercut to payton 's chin . 
 payton made lea 's right uppercut into an exchange by throwing a left hook at lea 's head . 
 payton 's corner was in a panic , but started to feel some hope after watching payton fighting back . 
 `` after all of that damage , payton is still fighting . 
 i do n't know if i should be amazed or scared of her abnormal will to fight . 
 is it a desire to kill or to survive ? 
 whatever it is , i hope that payton can pull through this . '' 
 thought benen and hoped for payton 's safety . 
 meanwhile , lea 's corner was feeling confident that lea could win the match , but they did n't know how much longer before lea 's tail decided to give up . 
 `` you got to end this quickly , or the damage might be too much even for your trained body . '' 
 thought alonso , who wanted lea to come back so that they could let her rest . 
 lea did n't stop and continued with her attack . 
 payton tried to counter , but realized that she had received too much damage to move quickly , and took a left hook to her head . 
 payton attacked with a 1-2 combo to lea 's face , but it did n't stop lea , who threw a right hook at payton 's head . 
 lea started to get into a rhythm and continued with her combinations . 
 payton tried to counter , but found it impossible and got on the defensive , but the guard was broken . 
 as a last resort , payton tried to beat lea by creating simultaneous exchanges . 
 lea threw a left uppercut to payton 's chin , and payton attacked with a left hook , making an exchange . 
 then , payton threw a right hook , but lea also attacked with her own right hook , both hitting at the same time again . 
 at that moment , the audience found out that lea had started to take the upper hand . 
 lea did n't notice and did n't care , she was going to keep punching until either one of them was down . 
 payton tried to defend , but she was falling into a barrage of attacks . 
 unable to take anymore , payton took a few more punches , and fell on her back . 
 the referee got between the boxers and ordered lea back to a neutral corner . 
 lea did as ordered , but not without feeling excruciating pain in her tail as she dragged it to the corner . 
 there was no count that time , the referee simply started to inspect payton , and found out that she was unconscious . 
 the referee did n't needed to count , he simply declared the match over , and the bell ringed . 
 the audience cheered for lea 's victory , and lea 's previous opponents do the same . 
 `` an improved spear strike , simply hard to read , hard to tell what 's going to happen , is simply impossible to counter now . 
 whoever helped you with this must have been a genius . '' 
 thought tania , who was left with no choice , but to applaud lea for her hard earned victory . 
 `` as expected from specter , it was a marvelous performance . 
 such passion , such determination , this should be a piece of art on its own right . 
 keep going , specter , you 're simply a marvel to watch . '' 
 thought karen as she applauded for lea and wish her the best of luck for her career . 
 `` well then , this was something that you simply have to watch . 
 i knew you could do it , specter . 
 i feel proud to know that the only person to have defeated me with a ko , was the champion of this tournament . 
 who knows , maybe a future champion of the world . '' 
 after luisa thought that , she started to leave the building because there was a little girl waiting for luisa back home . 
 meanwhile , lea 's friends rejoiced for lea 's victory . 
 `` she did it , she won the tournament ! 
 see , i told you she could do it ! '' 
 said salena with more cheerfulness than usual . 
 `` it feels like a miracle , but i just feel relieved that the match is over and lea can get some medical help . '' 
 said alinda , who was happy to know that lea won , but alinda was also worried for lea 's well-being . 
 `` good point , let 's go to her , she might need help to get to the doctor . '' 
 said hilda with a smile and they all start to head to the ring . 
 back into the ring , lea was simply standing on the neutral corner , and her seconds approached her . 
 `` you did it , chica , you won the tournament . '' 
 said alonso with a straight face , but he was overjoyed on the inside . 
 lea did n't respond quickly , which made alonso worried . 
 `` hey , can you hear me ? '' 
 `` huh ? 
 what ? '' 
 answered lea in surprise . 
 `` you won , are you okay ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i won ? '' 
 asked lea in disbelief . 
 `` yeah , look over there . '' 
 alonso pointed at payton , who was starting to get up . 
 `` then , that explains it . '' 
 said lea as she looked at the mat . 
 `` explain what ? '' 
 `` i was wondering ... what all the noise was about . 
 i thought ... that payton ... was going to get up . 
 i was just getting ready ... to keep fighting . '' 
 lea was obviously exhausted . 
 `` it 's okay , chica , you won . 
 now , let 's get you out of here , you need a doctor . '' 
 `` y-yeah . '' 
 answered lea as she started to slide down and sat on the mat . 
 alonso could see that lea was losing consciousness , and called for a stretcher . 
 before lea lost consciousness for good , lea had a last thought . 
 `` i did it . 
 i really did it , just like i promised . '' 
 lea 's friends reached the ring in time to see that alonso was calling for a stretcher . 
 they quickly slide into the ring , and towards lea . 
 since lea just lost consciousness , they believed that it was something serious , so hilda and the rest decided to take lea to the doctor . 
 hilda carried lea on her back , while salena and alinda decided to carry lea 's tail . 
 with everything set , they quickly leave the ring and headed to the doctor 's office . 
 fortunately , a doctor was already in the room , and they quickly tell the doctor to check lea . 
 once she was put on the bed , the doctor quickly started to check on lea . 
 everyone in the room was nervous , hoping that lea was simply tired . 
 the doctor informed them that lea did n't show signs of brain damage and must have fainted due to exhaustion , but the doctor found something big . 
 lea 's tail was extremely injured , not to the point of ending her career , but she must take a rest to recover properly . 
 everyone left a sigh of relief , happy to know that lea was coming out of the match in one piece and as a tournament champion . 
 `` phew , i 'm glad that 's all lea needs . '' 
 said salena , who started to calm down . 
 `` yeah , but i wonder how payton is feeling . 
 after all , that was a really dangerous match for the both of them . '' 
 said alinda out of curiosity . 
 `` well , she looked alright to me . '' 
 after hilda said that , they received a visitor , which turned out to be zora . 
 `` i was hoping to get an interview from lea , but i guess that it wo n't be possible . '' 
 said zora , who smiled at the sight of lea 's friends in the room because it showed that they cared for lea as a friend . 
 `` it 's always a pleasure to see you . '' 
 greeted hilda with a gentleman 's bow . 
 `` charming as always , huh ? '' 
 said zora , trying to sound annoyed , but she kept a smile on her face . 
 `` for you ? 
 always . '' 
 answered hilda with a wink , which brought a small giggle from zora . 
 `` came to check on lea ? '' 
 asked salena . 
 in hilda 's opinion , salena ruined the moment . 
 `` yeah , is she alright ? '' 
 asked zora with sincere concern . 
 `` yup , nothing that a good rest wo n't fix . '' 
 answered salena with a smile . 
 `` glad to hear that . 
 well , i have to go , i got some other work to do . 
 good night , everyone . '' 
 said zora as she started to leave , and everyone said their farewells , with hilda adding a little flirt on it . 
 everyone wondered what happened between zora and hilda . 
 zora used to get easily annoyed by hilda , but zora seemed to have softened up to hilda . 
 at that moment , they were going to drop it and ask another time , since they were focused on lea 's well-being . 
 since lea was incapable to be present for the ceremony , there was a spot left empty , with a trophy and a document . 
 the document stated that she was one of the best fighters in the whole tournament . 
 not only that , she was given a reward of $ 10,000 dollars . 
 lea 's friends were thinking of going to celebrate her victory , but since lea was injured , they decide to postpone it until she was better . 
 in another room , payton was sitting on a bench and she did n't look like the insane , bloodthirsty boxer , but as the normal payton . 
 she had a small smile on her face , which was strange for a boxer that just lost a match , but there was a reason for it . 
 `` so , you 're going to retire ? '' 
 asked benen with a straight face . 
 `` yeah . 
 after i woke up , i quickly realized that i did n't feel the feeling anymore . 
 i feel ... free . '' 
 said payton as she looked at her hands . 
 `` well , you started this to control it , but now that it 's gone , there 's no need for you to continue your career . 
 besides , you have a family , got to make up for some lost time , right ? '' 
 benen was actually glad that payton decided to retire . 
 after hearing that , payton got up from the bench she was sitting on and extended her hand forward . 
 `` thank you , coach , for everything . 
 i wish you good luck with your next boxer . '' 
 said payton with the same smile . 
 `` no need to thank me , and i wish you a good life . '' 
 responded benen as he grabbed payton 's hand , and shook it . 
 with that done , payton grabbed her things and left the room , feeling like the start of a new life for her . 
 while on her way , payton thought of lea . 
 `` thank you , specter , and good luck . '' 
 for some reason , payton was n't worried for lea 's safety . 
 she had a feeling that lea was going to be all right . 
 chapter 21 : a moment of rest lea was enjoying a good rest , in a comfortable bed , and with no intention of getting up . 
 unfortunately , something was bothering her peaceful rest , and it was none other , than the sunlight on her face . 
 it was n't that she did n't enjoy some sunlight , but she wanted to keep sleeping . 
 so , in an attempt to escape the annoying rays of the sun , lea pulled the blankets all over her body , not wanting to let even a single ray of light to hit her . 
 `` good morning , ms. anderson . '' 
 greeted a female voice . 
 `` morning . '' 
 responded lea with a sleepy voice . 
 then , lea started to wake up and thought . 
 `` wait a minute . '' 
 lea quickly sat up as fast as possible , and looked at the woman , who was moving some curtains . 
 `` how are you today ? '' 
 asked a female human . 
 she had dark brown skin , which made it easy to see that she was of african-american descent , dark hair , and light brown eyes . 
 `` i-i 'm good , but who are you ? '' 
 lea started to look around , and discovered that she was n't in her apartment . 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 `` my name is dr. o'neil and you 're in the hospital . '' 
 answered the doctor with a smile . 
 `` hospital ? '' 
 lea did n't remember going to the hospital and tried to remember anything before landing there . 
 then , she quickly remembered what happened . 
 `` oh yeah , i had a tough fight last night , and i won . '' 
 lea started to feel joy , until the doctor said . 
 `` last night ? 
 uh , whoa , it must have been quiet the match . '' 
 the doctor started to feel a little awkward . 
 `` what ... what is it ? '' 
 lea was starting to feel nervous . 
 `` well ... the thing is ... you have been asleep for a whole week . '' 
 the doctor 's answer left lea in shock . 
 `` a whole week ! '' 
 yelled lea , and the doctor quickly tried to calm lea down . 
 `` please do n't yell in the hospital , and do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong with you . 
 you 're actually pretty healthy , considering that you injured your tail . '' 
 `` my tail ? '' 
 lea quickly threw the blanket away and took a look at her tail . 
 a part of the lower half of her tail was bandaged , and lea tried to move it , but lea did n't feel anything . 
 then , when she tried to move it a little more , lea felt some pain , but nothing that would make her scream . 
 `` please , do n't push your tail too far . 
 you barely saved your career , thanks to your tough muscles . '' 
 explained the doctor . 
 `` i see . 
 i 'm glad for that , thank you , doctor . '' 
 said lea as she gave the doctor a smile . 
 `` you 're quite welcome . 
 sleeping for a whole week helped your tail to recover at a faster rate . '' 
 said the doctor as she looked at a notepad that she was carrying . 
 lea felt relieved to hear that , but remembered something important . 
 `` so , can i leave today ? 
 i actually have to go somewhere . '' 
 lea tried to get up from the bed . 
 `` no need to rush it , i just need to sign some papers , and you 're free to go . '' 
 `` oh , okay . '' 
 `` i also need to make some phone calls . '' 
 informed the doctor as she started to leave the room . 
 `` to who ? '' 
 lea did n't knew what a phone call had to do with her leaving . 
 the doctor stopped and turned to look at lea . 
 `` i received a request to call your friends when you wake up , so they can pick you up . '' 
 `` i see , okay , sorry for the trouble . '' 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 i 'll be right back . '' 
 the doctor left to make the phone calls . 
 lea was just resting and waiting to leave the hospital , until she heard a knock on her door . 
 lea looked towards the source of the sound , and found all of her friends on the door with a smile on their faces . 
 `` lea ! 
 you 're awake ! '' 
 cheerfully yelled salena , and a nurse nearby asked her to be quieter . 
 while salena apologize for her outburst , salena and hilda entered the room . 
 `` it 's quite a relief to see you up and about , lea . 
 we were worried that it was taking you long to wake up . '' 
 said alinda , who was joyful to know that lea was finally awake . 
 `` you 're quite the hardy lass . 
 i knew that a good sleep would fix you up , but i was n't expecting it to take this long . '' 
 said hilda , who was a little surprised about it . 
 `` well , at least she 's awake now , and that 's all that matters . '' 
 after alinda said that , salena entered the room . 
 `` yeah , now we can celebrate our victories . '' 
 said salena as she lifted her fists in the air . 
 `` victories ? 
 did you have a match after mine ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` salena had a championship match last night , and actually won it . '' 
 informed hilda with fake disbelief on her face . 
 `` what do you mean by ` actually ' ? 
 of course i would win . 
 i trained really hard for that match . '' 
 said salena . 
 `` congratulations ! '' 
 lea congratulated with a smile , but then , she dropped her gaze to the ground . 
 `` sorry i could n't be there . '' 
 lea looked apologetic about it . 
 `` hey , do n't worry about it , your victory gave me motivation , i think it helped me at some points in the match . 
 besides , you could n't help it . '' 
 `` okay . 
 so , how was it ? '' 
 `` oh , you know , fists flying and sweat , nothing out of the ordinary . '' 
 said salena with a wave of her hand . 
 lea did n't notice it at first , but she could see some patches on salena 's face , indicating that it was n't an easy victory . 
 `` it must have been a great match . '' 
 `` yeah , but enough about me , we 're here for you . 
 now , let 's go . '' 
 salena started to leave the room . 
 `` salena , lea ca n't leave without the doctor 's permission . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` come on , she was only sleeping the whole time , and she 's awake now . 
 so , let 's go . '' 
 salena was impatient to leave because she wanted to celebrate . 
 `` wait , you paid me a visit ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` actually , all of them paid you a visit , every single day . '' 
 answered the doctor from the door . 
 `` hello , doctor , is our friend here ready to go ? '' 
 asked hilda , who wanted to get lea home and celebrate her return . 
 `` yup , and let me tell you , it was a pleasure to talk with her . 
 she 's friendlier than the harpy i 'm working with . '' 
 said the doctor as she rolled her eyes at the mention of her other patient . 
 `` that 's one of her great points . 
 thank you for everything , doctor , and have a good day . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` you 're quite welcome , and i wish you all a great career . '' 
 with all farewells done , lea and her friends left the hospital , got on hilda 's car , and drove lea back home . 
 while on the way , lea started to ask her friends some questions . 
 `` i was wondering , what happened to my prize money ? 
 i need to give it to someone before the end of the month . '' 
 `` the coach has the check and just waiting for you to take it . '' 
 answered hilda . 
 `` great , and i have a favor to ask . '' 
 `` allow me to guess , you want to go to julie 's house . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` please ? '' 
 asked lea with a pleading look . 
 `` of course we 'll take you there , once you get the check . '' 
 said salena . 
 with that said , they head straight to the gym . 
 when they arrive , they saw that there were some members working out , and lea immediately started looking for alonso . 
 lea did n't have to look for long , because alonso was already working with some of the members . 
 without wasting any more time , lea headed straight towards alonso , but slowly because she had an injured tail . 
 `` coach . '' 
 called lea . 
 `` the check is at your table . '' 
 said alonso . 
 he knew what lea was going to ask for , so he just told her where the check was , and kept focused on working with some members . 
 `` uh , okay . '' 
 with that said , lea headed straight to her apartment , got inside , and slid towards her table . 
 just as the coach said , the check was right on the table and lea wasted no time in grabbing it . 
 after that , lea 's group left the gym and headed to a bank , where lea opened a new bank account some time ago . 
 lea exchanged the check and withdraw $ 8,000 dollars . 
 then , she put it in an envelope , headed back to the car , and they drove towards julie 's house . 
 it did n't take long to arrive and lea asked a favor of them . 
 `` i need you all to wait for me here . '' 
 asked lea in a serious tone . 
 `` why ? '' 
 asked salena . 
 `` i just have to do this alone . '' 
 `` um , okay , i 'm sure julie is going to be delighted to see you . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` well , i 'm not going in , to be specific . 
 `` said lea . 
 `` why not ? 
 just go in and give the money . '' 
 said hilda . 
 `` looking like this ? 
 besides , they might ask where i got the money . '' 
 said lea . 
 `` just tell them that you got it from work . '' 
 `` i do n't think they would believe it , considering that i pay bills and food . '' 
 `` good point , you do n't earn that much . '' 
 `` exactly , so i need to deliver this without been seen . '' 
 `` i know , get someone else . '' 
 said salena , who felt smart after saying that . 
 `` well , you guys could do it , but julie knows all of you . '' 
 after lea said that , she saw nick walking out of the building and heading to his car , and lea tried to hide . 
 then , an idea popped into her head . 
 `` that 's it ! 
 one of you could give it to nick . 
 he does n't know any of you . '' 
 `` i 'll do it ! 
 i 'll do it ! '' 
 cheerfully said salena . 
 `` considering that you might reveal that it 's from lea by accident , i say that i 'm the better option . '' 
 said alinda with blunt honesty . 
 `` i agree . '' 
 said hilda . 
 `` sorry , salena , maybe some other time . '' 
 said lea , and salena pouted . 
 `` fine . '' 
 said salena and crossed her arms , but they knew that she would go back to her cheerful self in no time . 
 with that settled , lea gave the envelope to alinda , and lea 's hoodie . 
 alinda got out of the car , and headed straight to nick . 
 `` excuse me , good sir . '' 
 called alinda once she reached nick , and nick turned around spooked . 
 `` whoa there , i did n't hear you coming . '' 
 said nick , putting a hand to his chest . 
 `` i apologize , but i was asked to deliver something to you . '' 
 informed alinda and showed an envelope to nick . 
 `` what 's in it ? '' 
 asked nick suspiciously . 
 `` there 's a donation for the house inside the envelope , $ 18,000 dollars to be precise . '' 
 after hearing that , nick 's eyes opened wide and he quickly grabbed the envelope . 
 he opened it , pulled out the money , and started to count it all . 
 just as alinda said , there was $ 18,000 dollars inside . 
 `` whoa , this is more than we needed to keep going , who sent this ? '' 
 asked nick with a smile . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but i was asked not to reveal anything . 
 have a good day . '' 
 alinda turned around and started to leave . 
 `` wait , can you at least tell the person that we are very thankful for this ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 answered alinda while sliding away . 
 she reached the car and they drive off , leaving nick with the money . 
 once they were far enough , lea sat up . 
 `` so , was it enough ? 
 are they going to make it another year ? '' 
 asked lea . 
 `` do not worry , lea . 
 nick said that it was more than enough . '' 
 said alinda with a smile . 
 lea let a sigh of relief . 
 `` i 'm glad , thanks for your help . '' 
 lea said it to everyone . 
 `` no need to thank me . '' 
 responded alinda with a small wave . 
 `` anytime , lass . '' 
 answered hilda while driving . 
 `` always happy to help a friend . 
 now , let 's celebrate ! '' 
 yelled salena while raising her fists into the air . 
 `` lea needs her rest , perhaps another time . '' 
 said alinda . 
 `` oh , then lets party at her place ! '' 
 salena 's response made alinda groan . 
 `` you just wo n't let it drop , are you ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 `` it 's okay , i do n't mind . '' 
 informed lea . 
 `` great , then let 's get you home . '' 
 said hilda and drove them back to the gym , ready to celebrate a happy occasion . 
 after the mysterious lamia left , nick quickly got back into the house and headed straight to julie 's office . 
 when nick got inside , he found julie already having some of her stuff in boxes . 
 `` hey , julie , what are you doing ? '' 
 asked nick , who was a little surprised to see that . 
 `` oh , well , you know , just ... starting to pack . 
 since we have to get ready . '' 
 answered julie while barely resisting from making her voice quake . 
 `` whoa , good thing i got here . '' 
 that got julie 's full attention . 
 `` why 's that ? '' 
 `` well , we just got a last minute donation of $ 18,000 dollars . '' 
 said nick with a smile and showed the envelope . 
 those news left julie surprised and nick could see it in her face . 
 `` do n't play with me , nick , because it would n't be funny . '' 
 said julie as she pointed a finger at nick . 
 `` fortunately for you , i 'm not . 
 we just got enough to last another year . '' 
 after hearing that , julie simply walked to her chair , and dropped on it . 
 `` god , you do n't know how much weight was lifted from my shoulders . '' 
 julie said it while closing her eyes . 
 `` i can imagine , but i recommend that you go to the bank and give the payment . '' 
 nick walked to the desk and put the envelope on it . 
 `` do n't worry , i 'll do it right now , i ca n't wait to see the face of that little prick when he sees the money . '' 
 responded julie as she grabbed the envelope and headed out to her room . 
 `` well , good to see you up and about . '' 
 nick decided to take his leave . 
 `` thank you for this second chance , whoever you are . '' 
 julie arrived at the mentioned bank , dressed professionally for the occasion , even though she knew that she would n't be in there for long . 
 she went inside , and headed straight to the person in charge of her debt . 
 the man was a red goblin in a business suit , with combed blue hair , and red eyes . 
 he was talking on the phone , but the moment he saw julie take a seat , he ended the call and hanged up the phone . 
 then , he gave a friendly smile to julie , but she knew that it was fake , and she gave a fake smile of her own . 
 `` welcome , it is unfortunate that we have to see each other at such a hard time for you . 
 have you come here to call bankrupt ? '' 
 said the goblin , who had the guts to ask that while keeping that smile on his face . 
 `` actually , i came here to make a payment . '' 
 answered julie with a smile , which surprised the goblin . 
 `` um , yes , of course . '' 
 then , the goblin checked julie 's debt , which also had interests , and informed her about it . 
 `` now , you need to pay $ 16,748 dollars to keep the house for another year . '' 
 after the goblin said that , julie pulled out the envelope and gave it to the goblin . 
 `` there you go . '' 
 the goblin quickly opened the envelope and pulled out the money . 
 then , he counted it two times to be sure that he was counting right . 
 `` yes , it 's right here . 
 thank you . '' 
 said the goblin , trying to put a smile , but julie could tell that he did n't like that one bit . 
 after paying , julie was given a receipt and she left the bank . 
 julie was happy to know that she managed to keep the house for another year , and to wipe that smile away from the goblin . 
 `` today was a good day . 
 we should celebrate the occasion , but maybe tomorrow . 
 we can throw a small party , and i could invite lea , i 'm sure she would like to know that the house will keep going for another year . '' 
 in that moment , julie simply decided to take the day off because tomorrow , she was going to spend it partying . 
 the next day , lea woke up from a good night rest , and did what she always did when she woke up . 
 lea got dressed , ate some breakfast , and she stayed in her apartment , since she was ordered to do so . 
 lea 's tail felt better that day , barely feeling any pain in it , but would prefer not to push it . 
 since lea felt better , she took the bandage off , and applied an ointment that she received from alonso . 
 the previous day , lea celebrated with her friends for her recovery and her victory in the tournament . 
 even alonso , fergus , and alfred joined the party , who were also celebrating salena 's success on winning the national championship . 
 after the party , they helped clean the place up , and the apartment was looking as if the party never happened , which lea was thankful for . 
 while enjoying her day , lea received a knock on the door , and she went to answer it . 
 it turned out to be alfred . 
 `` good morning , lea . 
 i hope i was n't interrupting anything . '' 
 said alfred . 
 `` no no , do n't worry . 
 i was just watching the tv . 
 how can i help you ? '' 
 asked lea with a smile . 
 `` you have a phone call from someone named julie . '' 
 `` oh , i 'll be right there . '' 
 before lea started to descend the stairs , alfred gave another message . 
 `` also , the coach said that you better get a cell phone , or a phone of your own . '' 
 `` i will , i promise . '' 
 answered lea as she continued her descent . 
 lea got into the office , and grabbed the phone . 
 `` hello , julie . '' 
 `` hey , lea , how are you ? '' 
 asked julie . 
 lea could hear that julie was very happy . 
 `` good as always , and you sound very happy . 
 what happened ? '' 
 asked lea , even though she knew about it . 
 `` you wo n't believe this , but we got a last minute donation for the house and we 're going to have another year to go . '' 
 `` that 's great to hear ! 
 i 'm sure everyone is glad for that . '' 
 `` they are , and we decided to throw a small party here . '' 
 `` that 's nice . '' 
 `` yes it is . 
 i was calling you to see if you would like to come . '' 
 `` yeah , i would . '' 
 `` great , i 'll go and pick you up . '' 
 `` okay , see you later . '' 
 after that , they both hanged up and lea went to her apartment to put some clothes for the party . 
 lea already knew how long it would take julie to arrive at the gym , so lea waited in her apartment . 
 when she saw how much time had passed , lea went out of the gym , and just like she expected , julie arrived . 
 `` come on , lea . 
 we 're just waiting for you to start . '' 
 informed julie with the bright smile that lea was familiar with . 
 `` okay , let 's go . '' 
 said lea , and they go to julie 's house . 
 they arrived at the usual time , got inside , and head straight to the backyard , where everyone was celebrating . 
 lea did n't even spend five minutes before jenny ran straight towards lea , jumped to her , and grabbed her in a hug . 
 `` it 's just like you promised . '' 
 whispered jenny on lea 's ears , pulled back , and showed her bright smile . 
 `` well then , let 's get this party started ! '' 
 yelled julie and everyone joined her . 
 from there , everyone simply ate as much as they wanted , drank what they wanted , which was soda , since they were celebrating with kids , and there was music . 
 everyone was having a good time , nick eating as much as possible , lucy was cooking food , but she would take a bite every once in a while . 
 some of the kids were playing , while others were enjoying some food . 
 jenny spent most of the time by staying close to lea , just like julie was doing . 
 in that moment , all three of them were eating together , simply enjoying the time they spend together . 
 lea looked around , and it made her think . 
 `` i just woke up from a death match that sent me to the hospital for a whole week . 
 normally , it would make people think that i should just quit , leave a sport that could get me killed , but when i look at this . 
 if i can keep their smiles , it makes it all worth it . '' 
 and so , lea spent the day in the party , enjoying the company of julie and friends . 
 that day was going to be another good day . 
 it was a new day at the bank , but there was one goblin that was n't enjoying it one bit . 
 not because he was working , but because he knew that he was going to be called any time soon . 
 the boss was just back from his vacation , and sooner or later , he was going to discover that the house was still open , and was going to stay open for another year . 
 the goblin 's phone ringed , and he prayed that it was n't who he thought it was , but when he answered the phone , his prays were n't answered . 
 the voice at the other side of the phone did n't say much . 
 `` come to my office . '' 
 then , he hanged up , but it felt like a death sentence to the goblin . 
 as ordered , the goblin went to the office of the boss , opened the door , and entered . 
 inside , the room was luxurious for an office , with furniture made of great quality . 
 the only person in there was a massive ogre . 
 ogres were believed to be monsters that ate human beings , and other times , babies . 
 of course , that was wrong . 
 they simply killed bandits or slavers and used their bodies to scare people off . 
 they were actually very normal people , as normal as they could be . 
 they were as tall as 8 to 9 feet , sometimes of different colors , and with horns , but sometimes they would have one . 
 they were enslaved for labor because of their massive sides . 
 the ogres managed to avoid slavery by hiding in places that was n't easy to reach . 
 mountains were a good example , and anywhere else that was impossible to climb . 
 in modern times , they were normal citizens , who worked on many fields . 
 the ogre was quiet for a moment , which made the goblin extremely nervous , until the ogre spoke . 
 `` mr. cooper , i have read a report , a very interesting report that says that we received a payment for ms. johnson 's debt . 
 is that correct , or am i reading wrong ? '' 
 asked the ogre in a mysteriously even voice . 
 `` n-no sir , the report is correct . '' 
 answered cooper , who was close to sweating . 
 `` and i would like to know how that is possible . 
 as far as i have heard , you convinced their last opportunity from donating to the house . '' 
 the ogre was using an even voice , but the goblin could feel the ogre 's anger . 
 `` i-i do n't know how she got the money , she just came in with $ 18,000 dollars in cash . 
 someone must have given a donation at the last minute . '' 
 that made the ogre think . 
 since there was no check , there was no way to know who send it , and that would mean that he would have to find out who it was . 
 `` i see . 
 that would be all , you 're free to go . '' 
 the goblin thanked the ogre and left . 
 the ogre leaned on his massive chair and started to think about that development . 
 `` coincidence or not , i will find out who gave the donation . 
 i wo n't let anyone stop my plans from taking that house , demolish it , and build what should be there . 
 with such a good spot , i could build a shopping mall , or another bank . 
 there are many possibilities , but before i can do anything , i need that piece of rotten wood destroyed . '' 
 unfortunately , he would have to wait , and with the money that the owner of the house was paying , he could get someone to find out the last person to save them . 
 meanwhile , he will try to change the minds of anyone who thought that it would be a good idea to keep that place open . 
 it was n't that he was evil . 
 it was just business for him . 
