 porcelain princess jon jacks other new adult and children 's books by jon jacks the caught -- the rules -- chapter one -- the changes -- sleeping ugly the barking detective agency -- the healing -- the lost fairy tale a horse for a kingdom -- charity -- the most beautiful things -- the last train the dream swallowers -- nyx ; granddaughter of the night -- jonah and the alligator glastonbury sirens -- dr jekyll 's maid -- the 500-year circus p -- the endless game -- dorian a -- wyrd girl -- the wicker slippers heartache high -lrb- vol i -rrb- -- heartache high : the primer -lrb- vol ii -rrb- -- heartache high : the wakening -lrb- vol iii -rrb- miss terry charm , merry kris mouse & the silver egg seecrets -- the cull -- dragonsapien -- the boy in white linen text copyright © 2014 jon jacks all rights reserved smashwords edition , license notes thank you for downloading this ebook . 
 it remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be reproduced , copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes . 
 thank you for your support . 
 ` although she may sound like the stuff of fairy tales , the porcelain princess is actually as real as you or me ... -lrb- but -rrb- without your belief in her , the porcelain princess can only weaken , becoming once more as lifeless as the clay she was originally so lovingly formed from . ' 
 excerpt from the porcelain kingdom * chapter 1 the porcelain child she was working as quickly as she dared now . 
 everyone who saw her could see she was suffering from the fading . 
 she was now quite transparent , such that anyone could quite clearly make out whatever lay beyond her . 
 worse still , as she worked she could tell that her fingers were less substantial than they had been only a few days previously . 
 almost through will alone , she ensured the consistency of the clay by turning it like a never ending whirlpool in her hands , creating substance and solidarity from what could so easily have dried out and been nothing more than particles of dust . 
 even so , the clay she was delicately moulding would at first refuse to obey her probing and caressing , and it would take many attempts to achieve the effect she desired . 
 the face had to be angelically beautiful . 
 the body -- despite its puppet-like joints -- had to be as realistic as possible . 
 fortunately , as any creator of objects or stories realises , the material you work with seemingly possess its own will to take form ; a will that you fight against to the detriment of your creation . 
 the will flows through you , as if that will is merely using you like a convenient tool to accomplish its own aims . 
 it knows better than you what form your creation should ultimately take . 
 and so her lack of substantiality actually worked to the advantage of the perfect forming of the material she worked with , for she could never hope to bend it completely to her own will . 
 even so , she hung so close over the firing of the clay , transforming it all in the crucible of flames into an ethereal , pearl-skinned beauty , that the heat would have burned her badly had she not already been so lacking in substance . 
 her husband would tell her to rest , to let him finish her work ; but she refused . 
 this , after all , would be her gift to him before she finally faded from this world . 
 ` she will be the daughter we never had time to have , ' she insisted . 
 ` but you , you my dearest , must promise me that you will grant our daughter life . ' 
 and as his wife began to finally fade away to nothing before him , and they could no longer even hold hands , her husband promised ; he would find the illuminator . 
 and she smiled , and whispered , ` i love you ' ; for they both believed that the illuminator could grant their daughter the gift of life . 
 * chapter 2 ` shhhussshhh ! ' 
 no matter how quietly the two boys tried to move through the darkened interior of the caravan , the wooden floor creaked loudly beneath their feet . 
 ` who 's going to hear us ? ' 
 the other boy hissed back , yet keeping his voice low just in case . 
 ` these silly puppets ? ' 
 he contemptuously knocked a group of puppets hanging from a pillar by their strings , setting them clattering noisily . 
 ` shhhussshhhh ! 
 people passing by outside might hear us , idiot ! ' 
 ` so ? 
 they 'll just think it 's that ogre of a puppet master and his daughter . 
 only we know they 've both headed off somewhere ! ' 
 quickly and expertly opening and rifling through drawers and cupboards , the boys casually cast aside anything that was n't worth stealing . 
 ` what 're you giggling at ? ' 
 one of them gruffly demanded of the other . 
 ` i did n't giggle ; only girls giggle ! 
 i thought it was you giggling ! ' 
 ` are you calling me a girl ? ' 
 ` course i ai n't ! 
 it must be the wind whistling through the planks of this old heap ! ' 
 rising up from where he 'd been kneeling by an opened cupboard , he glanced nervously around the small , incredibly cluttered room . 
 ` gives me the creeps , it does , all these weird puppets . 
 all like little demons hanging from their strings . ' 
 he grabbed at a cluster of puppets dangling from the ceiling , glaring fearfully at their sharply angled faces , their mischievously wide eyes and grins . 
 ` boo ! ' 
 shrieked a larger , even more devilish face as it suddenly came at him from out of the darkness . 
 ` yaarrrgghh ! ' 
 the boy screamed in horror , falling backwards as he tried to hurriedly get away . 
 the devil laughed wickedly . 
 he glowered down at the fallen boy . 
 ` oh , you should 've seen your face ! ' 
 he shrieked , immediately transforming into the boy 's friend as he whipped away the evil-looking mask . 
 ` what ? 
 kraig , you idiot ! ' 
 the fallen boy growled angrily . 
 picking up a wooden ornament he 'd thrown aside as worthless earlier , he hurled it at his still chuckling friend . 
 ` you almost scared me to death ! 
 i thought these ugly puppets had come to life ! ' 
 kraig laughed all the more . 
 ` you 're the idiot , karl ! 
 puppets do n't come to life ! 
 look ! ' 
 he violently shook a group of hanging puppets . 
 ` boo ! ' 
 he snarled directly into their faces . 
 ` oh yeah ? ' 
 karl answered dismissively as he scrambled back onto his feet . 
 ` what about the porcelain princess then , smarty pants ? 
 she 's a puppet . 
 and she 's alive ! ' 
 ` hah ! 
 that 's just a story ! ' 
 ` what do you mean , just a story ? 
 you 've heard tinkers and travellers swear they 've seen her . 
 they say she 's real enough ! ' 
 ` i 'm not saying she 's not real ! 
 i 'm saying i do n't believe she was ever a puppet ! 
 besides , she 's made of porcelain ; not stupid bits of old wood and papier-mâché like this ugly lot ! ' 
 he shook and glared at the dangling puppets once more . 
 ` this place still creeps me out , ' kraig admitted . 
 karl felt edgier than ever as he noticed the glittering glass and painted eyes looking back at him out of the darkness . 
 ` you saw how they 'd managed to paste one of their posters to the top of the old bell tower . 
 it 's too faded to hold our weight ; so how 'd they get it up there ? ' 
 kraig was n't listening anymore ; he was trying the door leading through to the caravan 's living quarters , but it was securely locked . 
 ` i reckon , ' he said , thinking aloud , ` that if we started a small fire , we could burn enough of this door away to clamber through . ' 
 ` oh , i would n't do that if i were you ! ' 
 ` what ? 
 stop it , karl ; it does n't work on me , idiot ! ' 
 ` it was n't me , ' karl insisted petulantly , not wanting to be fooled again . 
 ` it was you , sort of throwing your voice , or something . ' 
 ` throwing my voice ? ' 
 turning away from the door , kraig was surprised to find that karl was right behind him . 
 the voice he 'd heard had seemed to come from somewhere farther back inside the cart 's darkened store room . 
 ` but if it was n't you -- arrrgghhh ! ' 
 small , roguishly grinning faces suddenly rushed out of the darkness towards the two boys . 
 ` wwwaaarrrghhh ! ' 
 karl wailed in terror along with kraig . 
 * using their strings as rope swings , a group of puppets swept towards the cowering boys . 
 letting go of their strings to drop to the floor , the puppets surrounded and trapped the two terrified thieves against the door . 
 even though no longer fixed to their strings , the puppets still moved as if alive . 
 with their legs confidently splayed , and their hands on their hips , their eyes twinkled with mischievous glee . 
 ` please , please do n't hurt us , ' karl pleaded as he and kraig nervously clung to each other . 
 ` we ... we were n't really going to take anything , honest , ' kraig added hopefully , unnerved by the steady glare of the grinning puppets . 
 ` we know , ' sternly replied a puppet the boys took to be a beautiful yet evil witch . 
 ` you ... you do ? ' 
 karl stuttered unsurely . 
 ` how ... how ? ' 
 ` because we also know how the porcelain princess came to life , ' said a puppet dressed as if he were an aging yet still frightening wizard . 
 there were only four puppets , the boys soon realised . 
 and they only came up to the boys ' waists . 
 but they were alive . 
 moving , speaking , breathing , as if they were children suffering some strange physical affliction rather than puppets with a magical life of their own . 
 yes , the boys had heard tales of the porcelain princess ; but they had never actually seen her . 
 besides , the porcelain princess was said to be beautiful , kind , and wise -- and no difference in size to a real girl . 
 but these puppets ? 
 one was a wicked witch , another a malicious wizard . 
 the third could be either a treacherous joker or an even more dangerous devil , going by the immense horns sprouting out of the top of his head . 
 the fourth , although a pretty enough young girl , had an untrustworthy , elvin sharpness to her face . 
 the boys shivered in even more terror as something slithered out of the darkness . 
 it was a puppet dog , clutching what appeared to be a real bone in its jaws . 
 looking up at the terrified boys , it dropped the bone and hungrily licked its lips . 
 ` how ... how did the porcelain princess come to life ? ' 
 kraig asked , anxiously stumbling over every word as if he feared hearing the puppets ' answer . 
 ` well , ' said the elf-like puppet , ` i reckon she was once a naughty girl like me . ' 
 ` or maybe , like me , even a boy . ' 
 suddenly jumping up to grab a pair of hanging strings , the joker lunged towards the two boys , bringing his evilly grinning face close up to theirs . 
 ` a boy caught stealing from the puppet master ! ' 
 ` you ... you were children ? ' 
 karl 's eyes widened in horror . 
 each of the puppets nodded gloomily . 
 even the dog , who added a sad bark . 
 with a warm smile , the joker deftly slipped to the floor once more . 
 ` the master will be so glad you 've decided to join us . ' 
 ` wwwwaarggghh , ' the boys howled . 
 * chapter 3 with a sharp shrug of her shoulders , carey moved the heavy sack on her back into a relatively more comfortable position . 
 fully loaded with the posters she 'd collected , the sack was awkwardly unbalanced . 
 there was a danger she might tip everything out as she leaned back to look up towards the very top of the town 's old bell tower . 
 ` that 's obviously another one that the others will have to collect when they head out later , ' she said , marvelling at how they had managed to place the poster way up there in the first place . 
 grudo nodded in agreement . 
 the tower was suffering so badly from the fading that it hardly had any more substance than a mirage . 
 it was now nothing more than a mere wisp of reality in the evening light . 
 it would probably be gone completely in a few days . 
 ` we might have to leave it , carey , ' grudo pointed out sadly . 
 ` we 'll see ; they 'll have to come out here as soon as we 're sure there 's no one around to see them . ' 
 carey did n't like to leave any poster behind . 
 she spent a lot of time painting them , and almost as long making the thick , hardy paper from a mix of pulped bark and leaves . 
 sometimes , however , by the time they came to the end of their shows , a poster placed earlier on a fading building was now irretrievable , as the structure was no longer capable of supporting even ferena . 
 -lrb- there did n't use to be any problem , of course , when ferena 's wings had still worked ! -rrb- 
 still , placing a poster on a high , fading building always helped draw the crowds in . 
 the townspeople might not be able to read the poster 's details , but from its vivid splashes of bright colours they would recognise it as yet another promotion for the string theatre that had been pasted all around town overnight . 
 and no one ever failed to wonder how it had been placed there , especially when it shouted out its promise of thrills and magical tales from a building that was now so insubstantial people could effortlessly walk through its walls . 
 even when a poster had to be left behind , it became a reminder to the townspeople of the wondrous , almost unbelievable stories they had been entertained with when -- the building finally unable to support even something made of paper -- the poster slowly fluttered down through ghostly floors and walls to come to rest on the bare earth . 
 placing a huge , consoling hand on carey 's shoulder , grudo deftly used the move to remove her back pack and swing it up onto his own shoulder . 
 here it joined the half-dozen sacks of posters he 'd collected . 
 ` if only ferena could still use her wings ... ' he said wistfully . 
 carey burned with shame . 
 of course , she had thought of the very same thing only seconds ago . 
 but , somehow , coming from grudo -- even though he did n't mean it in such a way , and even though he would be horrified to realise how much it hurt her that her failings were so obvious to everyone -- it sounded like an admonishment . 
 ` i 'm sure we 'll find the land where the illuminator lives one day , grudo , ' she pronounced determinedly as they both turned away from the tower and started heading back towards their caravan . 
 ` the lands we 're passing though at the moment are suffering from the fading far more than those we performed in only last week . 
 i 'm sure it 's a sign that we 're drawing closer ! ' 
 grudo 's eyes widened in distress as it dawned on him that carey had taken his comment as a criticism of her skills . 
 ` carey , i did n't mean -- ' ` i know , i know , ' carey reassured him with a wan smile . 
 ` like you , i was just thinking out loud . ' 
 ` you know carey , even if you 're right that we 're drawing closer to the illuminator 's lands , we do n't know for sure that he 'll be able to help us . 
 even the stories that contain truths often also contain lies -- and we can never , ever be sure which is which . ' 
 grudo may have looked like the offspring of a giantess and an even uglier ogre , but his heart was the equal of ferena 's , his mind even sharper than durndrin 's when it came to wisdom . 
 carey shrugged . 
 ` i know i often read too much into the stories ; i know i believe parts of the stories that others dismiss as remnants of fairy tales -- but as i ca n't think of any other solution , we have to try ! ' 
 ` and i know there have been many many times when we thought we were almost there , only to be disappointed yet again . 
 you 're taking too much responsibility on your shoulders , young girl -- none of us blame you , you know that ! ' 
 their home was now just a few more strides ahead of them . 
 even in the poor evening light , the immense , ornately carved caravan appeared to be aglow with colour , despite the moon 's best attempts to subdue its bright reds , yellows and greens . 
 ` but did n't you notice , grudo , ' carey persisted , ` that not only were there far more people in the audience suffering the fading than i 've ever seen before , but they also seemed strangely untroubled by it ; just as , the stories tell us , people in the porcelain princess 's kingdom accept the fading as a blessing ! ' 
 ` all i noticed , carey , ' grudo replied sagely , ` was that everyone enjoyed our retelling of the story of the porcelain child ; even those poor people who were fading . 
 whom , i 'm glad to say , we cheered up enough to be rewarded with their laughter and smiles ! ' 
 carey frowned , trying to think of any fact she could recall from the many stories she had read to contradict grudo 's scepticism . 
 but there were too many gaps in even her knowledge of the tales . 
 and , as grudo had rightly pointed out , there was nothing in any of the stories she had managed to collect that implied an increase in people suffering from the fading was a sign that your were drawing nearer to the porcelain princess 's kingdom . 
 she reached for one of grudo 's huge , gloved hands , nestling her fledging-like hand in his . 
 ` still , ' she said , glancing up at him with a warm smile , ` i ca n't think of any other way of recognising that we might be drawing closer , so -- ' directly in front of them , the caravan 's heavy rear door suddenly flew open with a loud crash . 
 two boys almost fell out , careering wildly down the short flight of wooden steps in their eagerness to get outside . 
 to stop them falling and hurting themselves , grudo instinctively spread out his arms as both boys unavoidably barged into him . 
 ` well , what have we here ? ' 
 he asked gruffly , looking down on the boys captured in his arms with a huge grin . 
 ` wwwwaarggghh , ' the boys howled . 
 * ` please please mister , ' karl wailed miserably , ` i do n't want to be a goat puppet ! ' 
 ` and i do n't want to be a pig , either ! ' 
 a horrified kraig agreed . 
 ` we wo n't tell anyone , mister , honest ! ' 
 carey and grudo swapped confused glances ; then they both heard the laughter coming from inside the caravan . 
 grudo glared down at the two boys . 
 ` all right , you can go ! ' 
 he growled as menacingly as he could manage without bursting into laughter himself . 
 ` but if i do hear you 've been telling anyone -- you know what 's going to happen to you , right ? ' 
 ` waaarggghh ! ' 
 the boys cried , tears in their eyes . 
 as soon as grudo released his grip on them , the boys stumbled free , tripping over their own feet in their urgency to get away and falling to the ground . 
 picking themselves up , they ran off into the evening 's darkening light . 
 ` now , what do you suppose all that was about ? ' 
 carey said with a suspicious scowl as she ascended the caravan 's steps it was still dark inside , though ferena was in the process of carefully lighting a lamp . 
 in the dull glow of both this flickering , yellow flame and the dimmer evening light spilling in before her from the open door , carey was witness to what could have been nothing more than a typical , well-practised costume change . 
 durndrin was slipping out of a wizard 's gown , while also deftly untying a long , white beard fixed around his chin . 
 neris was already rehanging the witch 's dress and hat she 'd obviously been wearing , while peregun was detangling himself from a pair of antelope horns he 'd borrowed from another puppet and tied around his head . 
 only ferena was still dressed in her regular garb of short green dress , but as her wings were hidden under a hooded cloak , she presently looked more elvin than fairy-like . 
 the self-congratulating laughter , too , was a commonplace of these costume changes . 
 but what made all this so different from a normal post-show celebration was the mischievous delight they were all taking in the way they had scared the two boys . 
 ` ... their faces ... ' ` ... and when you said we could do with a few more animals ... ' ` ... goats , pigs , ho ho ho -- oho . ' 
 peregun stopped in mid laugh as soon as he spotted carey standing in the doorway . 
 she was angrily glowering at them all . 
 ` well you all seemed highly pleased with yourselves ! ' 
 she stormed . 
 ` and i 'm not sure why ; considering you 've just revealed that you 're alive to what 're probably the two most untrustworthy characters in town ! ' 
 they had all come to a rigid halt now , frozen in mid-action ; durndrin with the beard 's string still painfully caught on his ear , peregun detaching a devilish tail , neris half-way through flouncing up her hair . 
 fortunately , ferena had safely finished lighting and closing a lamp , and this was now the only light illuminating the room . 
 grudo blocked off any glow from outside as he entered behind carey and closed the door behind him . 
 durndrin spoke first , if a little nervously . 
 ` ah , yes , well , we thought of that , see , carey , when we said , when we said that if they even attempted to tell anyone , right , well , they 'd be instantly and magically turned into a puppet goat ! ' 
 ` or a pig ! ' 
 carey glanced down towards the dog partially hiding beneath a rack of costumes . 
 going by the way he 'd pronounced the word ` pig ' with such obvious satisfaction , she reckoned she could safely assume that this had been his own contribution to whatever they 'd all been saying to those two poor boys . 
 ` a goat or a pig that can still talk just like you , right , dougy ? 
 meaning they might take the not unreasonable risk that they could always tell people what we 'd done to them , so we could be hunted down and forced to change them back -- if , of course , we actually had this wondrous magical power to change them in the first place ! ' 
 ` ah , no no , carey , ' peregun insisted , ` we did also say that they 'd only be able to manage grunts or bleats . ' 
 `` ` grunts '' was my idea , ' dougy quickly added , once again with undisguised satisfaction . 
 just behind her , carey heard grudo chuckling as he placed his sacks of posters on the floor . 
 ` well , they seem to have thought of everything , do n't they carey ? ' 
 the puppets relaxed and smiled once more . 
 ` oh , er , as everything 's happily cleared up now , ' peregun said , still partially locked in the position of removing his tail , ` could someone please help me here ? 
 the rheumatism again , i 'm afraid . ' 
 ` thought of everything ? ' 
 carey snapped , making durndrin jump as he helped peregun move his arm once more . 
 the smiles instantly disappeared . 
 ` they did n't seem to think at all ! ' 
 carey snapped again . 
 ` did they even think that it would 've been best in the first place if they had n't revealed that they were alive ? 
 how many times have we told them , grudo , that they should remain perfectly still whenever anyone else is around or even nearby ? ' 
 ` ah , but , carey , they were stealing , see , and -- ' ` stealing ? ' 
 carey 's angry interjection almost made durndrin jump . 
 ` better they steal every coin we 've collected today , than that they go around telling everyone we 're witches or what have you ! ' 
 neris hurriedly pushed the witch 's gown she 'd been wearing farther back amongst the rest of the hanging dresses . 
 ` we had stayed still , ' ferena mumbled ashamedly as she stepped closer to carey . 
 ` but it sounded like they were going to start a fire , so ... ' ` is this right ? ' 
 carey demanded softly , closely observing every face staring back up at her . 
 they all nodded . 
 carey looked about her , quickly taking in the hanging puppets , the painted scenery , the curtains and costumes . 
 even the floor and walls , of course , were made from wood . 
 wood . 
 string . 
 cloth . 
 paints . 
 methylated spirits . 
 it would have all gone up in flames in an instant if a fire had been started in here . 
 ` then ... ' she began hesitantly , ` i apologise for being angry with you . ' 
 everyone , including grudo , grinned with relief . 
 they laughed , cheered , slapped each other on their backs in congratulation . 
 ` but keep down the cheering , right ! ' 
 carey cried out over the excited din . 
 ` or anyone passing will be wondering how just me and grudo manage to make it sound like we 've got a party going on in here ! ' 
 * chapter 4 ` is it true you think we 're getting closer to where the illuminator lives ? ' 
 standing with her back to a kneeling carey , ferena used what little movement she still possessed in her wings to both part and raise them slightly . 
 it allowed easier access to the small door lying just below what would have been her shoulder blades . 
 opening this door , carey peered through the compartment 's metallic safety grill , checking that the flame inside was burning brightly . 
 she also made sure that there had n't been any build-up of either soot or fluff that might later hinder the flame . 
 ` you know what i believe , ferena , ' carey said in reply to the girl 's query . 
 ` i believe that the farther any land lies from the porcelain kingdom , the less likely the people living there will believe that the porcelain princess actually exists ; and so those people fear the fading . ' 
 as she talked , carey calmly and deftly took the stopper from the ceramic pot that served as the flame 's reservoir . 
 working quickly , with one hand she placed a funnel in the opening , with her other she carefully poured in methylated spirits from a spouted jar . 
 patiently waiting for his turn to have his reservoir refilled , a bare chested peregun was standing to one side , his shirt and jacket slung over and held in the crock of his right arm . 
 ` and recently , within our audiences , ' he said , ` we 're seeing more and more people afflicted by the fading ; yet many seem to be at ease with it , even quite happy . ' 
 having replaced the reservoir 's stopper , carey closed and latched the compartment 's door . 
 ` you 've noticed too , right ? 
 and so yes , i think we are getting closer . ' 
 no one could have failed to notice the emphasis on the i. durndrin , buttoning up his shirt after having his own reservoir topped up earlier , pouted uneasily , unsure whether to make a comment or not . 
 but neris , vainly readjusting her long , dark hair so that it neatly flowed down her back once more , spoke for them all -lrb- even dougy who , typically for a dog , was already sound asleep beneath an old theatre curtain he 'd curled under -rrb- . 
 ` but grudo does n't agree , i take it ? ' 
 ` but grudo does n't agree , ' carey repeated miserably as she helped ferena slip her green dress back over her delicate wings . 
 made of silk and wire , the wings fitted through slits in the back of the dress . 
 ferena gently fluttered her wings , a simple test to ensure that no loose cotton threads from the dress were caught up in them . 
 ` maybe it 's one of those lands you can only get to when you dream of them ... ' ferena said dreamily . 
 ` in your dreams , dear . ' 
 neris grinned cheekily . 
 ` i 'm sorry , ferena , ' carey said , observing the weak fluttering of the wings with great sadness , ` i really ca n't understand why a refilled reservoir does n't give them more power , like it used to . 
 there 's something i 'm missing , obviously -- but i really ca n't fathom out what it is ! ' 
 ` never mind , carey , ' ferena answered kindly , moving aside so that peregun could take her place in front of the kneeling girl . 
 ` truth is , they only ever gave me a few minutes ' flight when they did work ; and it always burned up the spirit so quickly ! ' 
 ` you do everything you can for us , ' peregun agreed . 
 ` we appreciate everything you do , carey , you know that . ' 
 carey opened up peregun 's back , checked the flame , removed the reservoir 's stopper . 
 ` well , thanks everyone , for your confidence in me -- even if it is a little misplaced . 
 you 're just all so old -- ' ` who 're you calling old , dearie ? ' 
 halting in the middle of her elaborate exercise regime , neris feigned an irritated scowl . 
 ` hmn , i do find it harder to remember my lines , ' durndrin said , looking up from preparing his bed . 
 ` i wish i could forget my lines , dear , ' neris declared , vainly stroking her face and neck as she checked for any signs of aging in a nearby mirror ` hey durndrin , if you think you 've really got a problem , how about taking some of my roles ? ' 
 dougy said gloomily . 
 ` how hard 's the odd growl for you to recall , eh ? ' 
 ` hah , let me reword what i just said , for all your benefit , ' carey chuckled . 
 ` you might all look remarkably young , but i do n't have the skills required to keep you all going as smoothly as you 're used to ! 
 but , when we finally get to meet the illuminator -- ' ` then we all get to be really alive ! ' 
 they all happily chorused . 
 * when carey walked through into the caravan 's other room , grudo had already pulled down the heavy ledger onto the cabin 's small table . 
 he was patiently filling in the columns linking the day 's takings to any expenses incurred , such as the food carey had bought earlier in preparation for tomorrow 's journey . 
 even as carey closed the door behind her , the excited laughter coming from the store room could still be clearly heard . 
 ` let me guess , ' grudo sighed , ` they believe , like you , that we 're getting closer , right ? ' 
 ` they want to believe , grudo ; as i do ! 
 ferena especially needs to believe ! ' 
 ` ferena 's always got her head in the clouds , hoping someone 's going to wave a magic wand someday and -- ' ` she wants to be flying around in the clouds . 
 and why should n't she , when once she could fly ? ' 
 ` truth is carey , what with our memories being as bad as they are , none of us can remember if she ever really could fly . ' 
 ` she 's got wings has n't she , grudo ? ' 
 ` well , yes but -- ' grudo gulped as carey locked eyes with him . 
 ` i know , i know ; i 'm sorry i 'm being so negative . 
 it 's just that -- ' ` i know -- you do n't want to see me disappointed . ' 
 ` disappointed again . ' 
 they both smiled warmly at each other . 
 carey sat down next to grudo at the table , where he 'd already set out a teapot and cup of tea for her . 
 ` if only i knew how to repair everyone , ' she said forlornly as she took a sip of tea . 
 earl grey with a hint of milk . 
 just as she liked it . 
 ` maybe then we would n't have to find the illuminator . ' 
 ` no one expects you to know , carey ; you know that . 
 we 're all aging , we realise that ; it 's part of life . ' 
 ` well , thankfully , i reckon durndrin and neris are just imagining their problems . 
 dougy , he 's oldest of them all in dog years , i suppose , but he 's just embarrassed about the way he ca n't stop barking at cats , or sniffing walls -- or worse ! 
 poor old ferena and peregun , despite looking the youngest , seem to be aging the worst . ' 
 ` i think we might have to tell peregun his days of swashbuckling roles are over , ' grudo agreed sadly . 
 ` what he jokily calls his rheumatism almost caused a real problem when we last put on the sea empress . ' 
 carey nodded thoughtfully . 
 one of peregun 's knees had locked as he 'd charged down a staircase during an elaborate sword fight , sending him bowling down the steps and careering into a number of other puppets . 
 luckily , this time it had all seemed like an amazingly exciting part of the action to the audience ; but next time ? 
 ` it will break his heart , ' carey admitted . 
 ` and all because i ca n't do the job i 've been left to do ! ' 
 grudo tried to caress carey 's head as gently as he could . 
 he was fully aware that the huge hands were too heavy , too hard -lrb- despite the softness of the gloves he always wore -rrb- , for him to show her the affection he wanted to . 
 ` i miss him so much , ' carey said , looking up at grudo with tears forming in her eyes . 
 ` we all do , carey , we all do . ' 
 grudo 's eyes were every bit as sad as carey 's but , of course , no tears could form . 
 carey grinned weakly . 
 ` he 'd have been so proud of you grudo , ' she said . 
 ` i ... i do realise you 're simply trying to give me the fatherly guidance he would have given me , if he was still around . ' 
 grudo smiled . 
 if he could have cried , he would have . 
 ` now , ' carey said stoically , rising from her seat and moving behind grudo , ` it 's your turn . ' 
 expertly lifting the jacket and shirt covering grudo 's broad , wooden back , she unlatched the door revealing his flame and spirit reservoir . 
 ` you know , ' grudo admitted kindly , ` even i wonder if your hands would be tickling me now if i were really alive . ' 
 * chapter 5 the caravan slowly chugged along the reasonably straight but painfully uneven road , puffing out the odd , irritable belch of steam or smoke . 
 alongside , running in and out of the trees lining the road , grudo , neris , peregun , durndrin and ferena were all hurriedly chopping off and collecting large chunks of the branches , tossing them into the cart trailing behind the wagon . 
 in the driving seat , carey had little to do but keep a wary eye out for anyone heading their way , or any other signs of human activity in the surrounding forest . 
 as soon as she spotted anything suspicious , she 'd give out a warning yell to everyone to stop collecting wood . 
 dougy , seated on the back of the trailer to keep an eye on their rear , would similarly bark out loudly . 
 in a well-practised move , grudo would slip off the large sack he 'd strapped to his back , holding it open while the others quickly scrambled into it . 
 by the time any human had approached them , nothing would have seemed out of the ordinary . 
 naturally , steam driven wagons were a rarity , but most people were aware that such things existed , if a little awestruck and even frightened whenever they actually came across one of these magical contraptions for the first time . 
 otherwise , all they would see is a young girl driving the beast while her father returned from collecting a sack full of mushrooms and herbs from the forest . 
 unless you stepped up incredibly close to him , grudo appeared surprisingly real . 
 his many joints were hidden by thick jackets , leggings , collars and gloves . 
 his face was almost covered by a thick beard and raggedy hair . 
 his teeth were of ivory , his eyes of glass ; and all he had to do was snarl or glare with either to dissuade anyone from stepping too close . 
 with thankfully so little to do , carey was glancing through a small pile of books she 'd pulled off the caravan 's shelves and placed alongside her on the driver 's seat . 
 the theatre 's retelling of the porcelain child had been an undoubted success with the crowds , but carey was always on the lookout for ways of improving the shows . 
 ferena in particular had been excellent in her final role as the porcelain child . 
 the entire audience had gasped as she had seemingly come to life at the very end of the play to tenderly touch the head of her sleeping father . 
 it was an effect made all the more surprising and magical as , for this role alone , carey allowed her to perform without attaching the strings that gave the impression ferena and the others were just regular , lifeless puppets . 
 there was a slight risk that their secret might be revealed , carey realised , but she counted on the audience believing that it was nothing more than a piece of clever theatrical trickery . 
 of course , carey 's puppet theatre was n't the only one to bring the girl to life at the end of the play . 
 although this was n't part of the illuminator 's original tale , which ended only on the father 's promise that he would find a way of giving her life , everyone agreed that his promise would be fulfilled ; how would she become the porcelain princess otherwise ? 
 from the stack alongside her , carey picked out her old and slightly battered copy of the porcelain child . 
 she should treat such an expensive rarity with more care , she knew , but the whole purpose of the library her ancestors had so patiently collected was to help them give their productions realism and accuracy , whether it came to costume design , the painting of backdrops , or the lines given to their puppet actors . 
 every other theatre owner or storyteller she had met on her travels had agreed with her that accuracy was the most important part of any retelling of a tale . 
 hidden somewhere amongst them , the stories contained universal truths , even historical events and hints of our futures . 
 but who could say for sure where fairy-tale ended and reality and truth began ? 
 opening the book was like being invited into a whole new world of vivid colour , of striking landscapes , of intricate shapes and patterns drawn from life . 
 it was a frozen reality , giving you the opportunity to study the minutest details of places you might otherwise pass through without a second glance , of actions and events that would take place so quickly you would miss them . 
 it was , too , as if you were seeing it all through the eyes of an inquisitive squirrel perched amongst the trees , a curious robin swooping overhead , or a nosey mouse , peering up through the cluttered pots stored beneath an old set of shelves . 
 and , when your own curiosity and amazement got the better of you , and you actually reached out and touched a pot , a house , a person ; your fingers instantly tingled , as if you were touching roughened clay , cool brick , or , yes , even living flesh . 
 the first time anyone experienced this , they would jump back in shock , even horror . 
 but then , inquisitive and intrigued , they would tentatively touch the illustration once more , their eyes widening in surprise as they felt their fingers probing into the softness of a pillow , warming from the heat of a flame , or prickling as they touched the short , fine hairs of a hog . 
 with a little practise , they could smell the tang of a farmyard , taste a freshly made tart , or even sneeze when they seemed to stir up the dust covering a floor . 
 it was easy to understand why the mother and father of the porcelain child had believed the illuminator would be able to grant her life , carey thought as she turned to the page portraying their beautiful daughter . 
 did they ever realise , she wondered , that their own story would end up being told and illustrated by the illuminator ? 
 this particular picture was one of carey 's favourites . 
 you could feel the coolness and smoothness of the porcelain yet , at the very same time , if you stilled your breathing , slowed you heart from excitedly beating , you could also sense the warmth of the life beneath waiting to be awakened . 
 carey had been so entranced by the girl 's ethereal beauty that she had made little tweaks to the way she looked herself , trying to capture the way the girl 's hair hung in a silken curtain , or how her eyes appeared to sparkle with a sharp intelligence . 
 of course , it would have been ridiculous if she had been trying to copy the look of a lifeless puppet . 
 but that strange beauty , that remarkable air of intelligence , was even more on display in her far more numerous portrayals as the porcelain princess in the porcelain kingdom ; a book in which the illuminator admitted he had overseen an unhappy kingdom until her arrival had helped him rule it wisely , justly and compassionately . 
 leaving the porcelain child open , carey reached for the stack of books once more , drawing across and opening up the porcelain kingdom . 
 unlike most of the other books in her library , this one was a book that carey herself had finally managed to track down , paying out almost a year 's carefully saved takings for it . 
 if anything , this was even more sumptuously beautiful than the first book . 
 whereas the porcelain child was , for the most part , a book of beautifully imagined and rendered interiors -- the multi-coloured linens of bedrooms , the sagging oak beams of a kitchen , the liquid sparkle of chemicals in the workshop , the bloody glow of the furnace -- the porcelain kingdom worked on a much vaster scale . 
 mysterious carriages hurtled through a town 's darkened streets . 
 people shuffled around in fear . 
 even in the day , a towering palace cast foreboding shadows over the houses below . 
 then comes the dawn , a princess whose skin sparkled like pearls , whose glittering dresses appeared to bring an angelic light to everywhere she walked . 
 the palace is aglow , a beacon of hope and wisdom . 
 its gates open , not to release darkened carriages , but pageantry and celebration . 
 suddenly , the town is alive with vibrant markets , with children playing , with feasts and fairs . 
 everything that made it so different from the porcelain child , of course , also made it almost impossible to put on as a successful show . 
 worse still , it failed to explain how the porcelain princess had arrived in the kingdom , let alone how the porcelain child had been granted life to become the princess . 
 there must be another book , a book two in what could only be a trilogy telling the story of the porcelain princess . 
 she had met many people who had claimed to have seen the book , but none who could relate the tale to her . 
 ` it 's called the porcelain palace , ' the owner of another theatre would assure her . 
 ` the porcelain room ; a remarkable tale , though i , er , ca n't seem to quite recall it at the moment i 'm afraid , ' a storyteller would say . 
 ` no , no , it 's definitely the porcelain balcony , ' someone else would confidently declare , only to be rewarded with a room full of jeers and derisive laughter . 
 this confusion was unusual as , although it was quite common for a book by the illuminator to be so rare no one had ever seen a copy , at least the story had normally become familiar , spreading through word of mouth alone . 
 the only thing everyone could seem to agree on -lrb- apart from the fact that it must have the word porcelain in the title -rrb- was that such a tale must indeed exist , for neither of the other tales recounted how the child 's father had discovered the illuminator 's kingdom and given his daughter life . 
 it was a book that carey had spent all of her own short life searching for . 
 for , if she found it , it would also show her the way to the illuminator 's kingdom . 
 * their arrival in the village was a cause for celebration and gasps of wonder in its own right . 
 no one in the village had ever seen a steam wagon . 
 even though just about everyone there had heard tales about these weird contraptions , and some were even lucky enough to have seen illustrations of them , in most people 's minds they were fairy tales , works of imagination rather than working machines . 
 of those who believed in their existence , they were surprised by the reality , having never imagined the vast , clouding plumes of steam , the roaring , the popping , the clattering , and the angry hissing . 
 everywhere , people were crouching low to peer beneath the wagon , looking for the legs of the horses or oxen they believed must be hidden away somewhere within the wagon to make it move . 
 they would jump , startled , as the wagon suddenly enveloped them in an abrupt snort of steam , like an affronted lady chiding them for daring to peep beneath her dress . 
 of course , not everyone was happy with their arrival . 
 there were complaints that washing hung out to dry had been smudged with soot , that horses , sheep , cows and pigs had all been startled -lrb- though no one complained of the crows that suddenly fled the nearby fields -rrb- . 
 but these people would be placated with tickets promising reserved front seats for their children at the next show . 
 as soon as they reached the village square , carey and grudo began to set up the theatre box , pulling out awnings and panels from the side of the wagon , fixing them to other sheets of thick , brightly painted boarding that had been stored in the trailer beneath the engine 's wood supply . 
 all quickly and easily slotting together , and held in place by wooden or iron pegs , it was a contraption that was almost as ingenious as the wagon itself , yet another piece of mechanical ingenuity that carey had inherited from her inventive ancestors . 
 in the back of the wagon , the others were already preparing for the show , selecting their costumes , even dressing the regular puppets who would also be taking part in the play . 
 ` this is not my favourite play , ' dougy gruffly complained as he slipped into a costume and a heavy head piece specially designed to make him look like a small horse . 
 ` ah , but it is my favourite , ' durndrin replied happily as he neatly adjusted his farmer 's jerkin . 
 ` and all you 've got to do , dougy my friend , is to remember not to wag that damn tail of yours when you 're playing being happy ! ' 
 * chapter 6 the meaning of life as jacob toiled in his field , driving his horse and plough before him to turn the soil , he wondered why his life was full of such arduous , repetitive tasks . 
 he stared miserably ahead , taking in all the solidly packed soil he still had to break up . 
 he looked behind him towards the many furrows he had already created . 
 he still had to sow the seeds , of course , then water them , hopefully with help from the rain . 
 they would need protecting from the birds , then , as they put out their first delicate shoots , from the wind too . 
 they would also need just the right amount of sun . 
 but eventually , god willing , life would result from his hard work , wheat that would feed his family and thereby grant them life too . 
 and suddenly , like a strike of lightning could set a tree ablaze , the answer that had eluded so many important and learned men struck him ; he knew the meaning of life ! 
 ` pen and paper ! 
 i need pen and paper , to write it down before i forget it ! ' 
 he yelped with glee . 
 he dropped his plough . 
 he left his horse in the middle of the field . 
 he ran back across his carefully turned furrows . 
 ` wait , wait ; what 's the rush for jacob ? ' 
 cried out one of the other ploughmen working the fields . 
 ` ca n't stop , ca n't stop , ' jacob yelled back anxiously , worried that he might forget the meaning of life before he had time to write it down . 
 ` the meaning of life ! 
 i know the meaning of life ! ' 
 ` jacob , jacob , why this mad run ? ' 
 laughed children playing in the street . 
 ` ca n't stop , ca n't stop , ' jacob shouted back breathlessly . 
 ` the meaning of life ! 
 i know the meaning of life ! ' 
 ` how do you do , jaco -- well i never , how rude ! ' 
 complained his neighbour as he hurtled past her , the mud from his boots splattering all over her clean dress . 
 ` ca n't stop , ca n't stop , ' jacob apologised , thinking he would just have to explain the reason for his rudeness later . 
 ` the meaning of life ! 
 i know the meaning of life ! ' 
 at last , he was at the door to his house . 
 he flung the door open , barging into his own kitchen as if the hounds of hell were after him . 
 ` margie , margie , ' he cried out through the door leading to the rest of his house . 
 ` i need a pen , i need paper ! 
 quick , quick ; this is important . ' 
 of course , without waiting for his wife 's reply or response , he began to frantically rifle through the drawers in the kitchen , trying to recall where he had last seen a scrap of paper he could use . 
 ` what is the meaning of all this commotion , jacob ? ' 
 his wife sternly demanded as she appeared at the kitchen door . 
 ` pen , paper ! ' 
 jacob cried , still fruitlessly rummaging through the clutter of items that had been pushed away into the drawers . 
 ` i need pen and paper ! ' 
 ` whatever for jacob ? 
 have you forgotten your manners ? 
 have n't you remembered that you 're supposed to ask nicely for things you need ? ' 
 ` yes , yes , i 'm sorry margie dear ; but i need it to write down an inspiration , an inspiration that could make us famous ! 
 make us rich , dear ! ' 
 he beamed excitedly as , at last , he found the crumpled scrap of paper he 'd been looking for . 
 ` but just look at the mess you 're making , jacob ! ' 
 his wife stormed , looking on in horror at all the things he was strewing across the floor in his eagerness to find pen and paper . 
 ` have you forgotten that it 's best to remain calm and thoughtful when you ca n't remember where you 've put something ? ' 
 ` found it , found it ! ' 
 jacob yelled in triumph as he held up a blunted stub of a pencil along with his scrap of paper . 
 he flattened out the crumpled paper . 
 he pressed the pencil against the paper as he began to write . 
 ` jacob ! ' 
 his wife shrieked as she tugged the paper out from beneath his hand . 
 ` has it already slipped your memory how your complaint to the council was n't taken seriously because you 'd written it on a worthless bit of paper ? ' 
 with a flourish , she produced a sheet of the finest paper from a drawer that jacob had n't got around to searching . 
 ` yes , yes , ' he agreed , taking the paper from her with a grateful smile . 
 ` the meaning of life needs to be presented on the finest paper to be taken with the seriousness it deserves ! ' 
 ` the meaning of life ? ' 
 his wife declared in awe and admiration as jacob prepared to write his amazing insight down on the perfectly linen-white paper . 
 she snatched the stubby pencil from his hand . 
 ` jacob ! 
 you ca n't write down the meaning of life with that ! ' 
 she turned towards a cupboard , producing a wonderfully elegant quill and ink reservoir . 
 ` ca n't you hold anything in that empty head of yours ? 
 have you already forgotten how i bought you this for your birthday ? ' 
 ` yes , yes , i remember now , ' jacob replied , gleefully accepting the elegant quill handed to him by his wife . 
 ` you said that it would make me look like a man of letters , an educated , knowledgeable man ! ' 
 he spread the perfectly blank piece of paper out before him . 
 he dipped the beautifully graceful quill in the ink . 
 he brought it to hover expectantly over the pristine paper . 
 his wife beamed with pride . 
 ` well ? ' 
 she said after a moment in which nothing further had happened . 
 ` i 'm thinking , i 'm thinking ... ' ` the meaning of life , jacob ; you said you were going to write down the meaning of life . ' 
 ` yes , yes , i did , did n't i ? ' 
 and so , feeling a fool , mumbling to himself over and over ` the meaning of life is ... ' , jacob prepared to write down the first thing that came into his head . 
 but the beautifully graceful quill produced no beautifully graceful letters . 
 and the perfectly linen-white sheet remained perfectly linen-white . 
 out in the fields , however , jacob 's ground was left only half tilled . 
 his horse , with nothing better to do , was pondering the meaning of life . 
 suddenly , the answer that had eluded so many important and learned men struck him . 
 ` wow , i 'll have to make sure i never forget that ! ' 
 the horse resolutely told himself , slowly turning everything over in his mind . 
 for he had neither pen nor paper , or even fingers to write it down with . 
 and he smiled with contentment . 
 * chapter 7 despite the constant rocking of the wagon on the badly rutted road , carey was busily blending and mixing the paints she would need to replace the posters that had either been damaged or lost to the wind in the last town . 
 the white of eggs , oil , crushed flowers , even seeds and beetles ; they all went into her pots . 
 open before her , but placed at a distance where it was safe from any splashes , was the illuminator 's the porcelain child . 
 carey wanted to match his colours , yet , as always , she was finding this impossible , no matter which combination of ingredients she experimented with . 
 he could perfectly capture the myriad of greens you could find in a blade of glass , the yellows of every minute scale on a butterfly 's wings , the reds of a fiery sunset , the blues of an inquisitive baby 's iris . 
 how did he achieve such detail ? 
 how long did it take him to paint just one of his pictures ? 
 if anyone ever doubted that the illuminator 's tales were based on reality rather than mere fairy tales , they soon changed their minds on seeing his pictures . 
 no one , they would agree , would waste time creating such beautifully accurate illustrations for anything as fleetingly unimportant as a simple fairy story . 
 if anything , carey took this belief even further ; everything in his pictures served a purpose , everything was done for a reason . 
 and if something within those illustrations seemed unusual or puzzled you , then a careful study of the details , in combination with your own logic and reason , would provide you with an answer . 
 the porcelain child had its own particular puzzle , one that caused durndrin no end of frustration whenever he played the father ; for the father was never really portrayed in the illustrations . 
 he only ever appeared as a shadow , an unclear reflection in an eye or a glazed jug , or seen from behind or so low down that we only ever saw his legs and boots . 
 ` how can i adequately play a fully rounded character , when we know so little of him ? ' 
 durndrin would complain after every show , lamenting his own ` unprofessional , unsatisfactory performance . ' 
 ` but as you 've said yourself durndrin , you 've put more `` meat on his bones '' than any other theatre could come up with , ' one of the others would say in an attempt to reassure him , using one of his own favourite phrases . 
 as she stared at the porcelain child 's illustrations , carey could understand durndrin 's frustration . 
 the man 's wife was , as you 'd expect from the illuminator , portrayed with a skill that made her leap from the page . 
 you instantly knew the colour and style of her hair , the shape of her face , her nose , the kindness of her eyes . 
 you knew the way she dressed , the graceful way she went about her tasks , the patience and intimacy she displayed when working on the most intricate parts of her creation . 
 her carefully observed expressions alone allowed you to instinctively sense her complete nature , her probable reaction to almost any event . 
 of her husband , however , we have only snippets of information that we can gather from the story itself , and then only in the ways he reacts to his wife . 
 ` her husband would tell her to rest , to let him finish her work . ' 
 he loved his wife . 
 he was caring , thoughtful . 
 a potter of some sort in his own way too . 
 `` ` but you , you my dearest , must promise me that you will grant our daughter life . '' ' 
 he would do anything to please his wife . 
 he would make a promise , and he would endeavour to fulfil that promise . 
 and , like his wife , he wanted a child , a daughter , to love and cherish . 
 ` and she smiled , and whispered , `` i love you '' ; for they both believed that the illuminator could grant their daughter the gift of life . ' 
 he 's a man worthy of even this remarkable woman 's love . 
 and he believes in what some people would only dismiss as impossible miracles . 
 in this way , carey had realised long ago , you 're forming an idea of him around her ; and you could achieve something similar by painstakingly studying the illustrations . 
 the wife 's deftly portrayed expressions could also be used as clues to her husband 's own character . 
 the way she literally looks up to him is obviously a sign that he 's taller than her . 
 but look at the sparkle in her eyes , the grateful , upward turn of her mouth ; he 's a man to be admired , a man she 's overjoyed to share her life with despite their sadness that they have been unable to have a child . 
 she reaches out a hand to tenderly caress his cheek , her face brimming with warmth , actions that anyone can read as her care for him . 
 see , though , how her mouth is firmly set , her stare direct and firm as if trying to instil courage in him ; he loves her so much that , despite his refusal to tilt his head into her welcoming hand , despite the way he must be fighting the urge to desperately clasp his own hand over hers , he 's suffering beyond all measure . 
 and yet he tries to hide that pain , fearing that she is already suffering too much herself to have to share his own growing agony . 
 there is another clue , of course , to his character . 
 and that lies in the expression of the child , in reality lifeless and yet , in the illuminator 's hands , full of life . 
 of course , the illuminator is only portraying what he believes is already there ; the beginnings of life . 
 and that means that her father will succeed . 
 he will bring life to his daughter . 
 the way she had to conjure up an idea of this man from what she knew of his wife was a perfect reversal of carey 's reality for , never having known her mother , she could only form a picture of what her mother had been like through her father 's own recollections . 
 she had been beautiful . 
 she was kind . 
 she was full of laughter . 
 she would have loved to see how intelligent and beautiful carey had become . 
 ` there 's so much of her in you , carey , ' he would sigh , smiling sadly as he tenderly stroked her face . 
 he would smile in a similarly sad way as he carefully ran his delicate fingers over the face of a puppet that carey 's mother had made . 
 ` it helps me remember her as she patiently created this face , ' he had explained when carey had asked him why certain puppets seemed to make him both sad and happy at the same time . 
 ` i can feel the way she felt as she moulded the papier-mâché into a cheek , or into the hollow of an eye . 
 or , with this puppet , i can sense the care she took as she tenderly carved the wood into this hooked nose , this protruding chin . ' 
 handing the puppets to carey , he had said , ` feel the faces , carey ; ignore the characters she 's creating , but simply clear your find so that you can feel her , feel her intent . 
 sense the senses that she 's using , the emotions she 's going through . ' 
 carey had delicately traced the contours of the faces , closing her eyes , hoping that it would somehow magically allow her to have a glimpse of her mother . 
 she felt the flow of the fingers that had smoothed the papier-mâché into a rounded cheek . 
 she sensed the pressure of a thumb as it was used to form the hard differentiation between the neck and cheek . 
 she was aware of the humour required to pinch the material into an upturned nose . 
 her mother was at the table , straining her eyes in the poor light to make sure the face would be right . 
 she wants it to be prefect , as she wants all her little dears to be prefect . 
 they have to entertain , to enthral , after all . 
 his expression must be mischievous , yes , but that does n't mean i ca n't give him a knowing grin that , in other circumstances , becomes a warm smile . 
 she was bringing these wonderful characters to life for others to enjoy , to laugh at and to cheer them on whenever the character being played was clambering out of trouble . 
 what better life could there be than that ? 
 her mother was happy , content . 
 carey had put the puppet down with a sad yet happy smile . 
 it was the fading that had finally taken carey 's mother , her father had told her . 
 when she was young , too young to remember anything about her . 
 it was too long ago for even the puppets to remember anything about her too , as their memories were short lived and always incomplete . 
 ` the fading is n't anything to be feared , ' her father tried to reassure her as he himself succumbed to it later in her life . 
 ` it gives us all time to say our goodbyes . 
 there 's nothing worse than to lose someone and suddenly realise we 'd left so many things unsaid . ' 
 carey had held her father 's hand for as long as she could before he finally began to slip away into nothingness . 
 ` i love you dad , ' she 'd said , returning the last lingering glimpses of his sad smile . 
 * ` carey ! ' 
 grudo 's gruff shout carried back from where he was seated on the caravan 's driving seat . 
 ` someone on the road , ' he added . 
 ` coming towards us . ' 
 ` shussh you lot ! ' 
 carey hissed back towards the caravan 's rear room , where the others were laughing and joking as they recalled all the things that had gone wrong in previous shows . 
 the rear room suddenly went quiet . 
 as carey stoppered her pots of paint and oils , she could already hear the slightly out of tune singing of a man unhurriedly drawing closer . 
 * chapter 8 the troubadour 's song the whitest skin , the fairest face , an angel 's banquet you could grace oh lady lady would you marry me , even though a pauper i am to thee ? 
 i am no prince , i am no king , i am no knight , i wield only this ring this ring with which i would marry thee , oh sweet princess , why do thine eyes ne’er notice me ? 
 * chapter 9 carey quickly scrambled through the cluttered carriage , crawling through the small door that led her out onto the driving seat alongside grudo . 
 they were approaching a crossroads . 
 a single rider was heading towards them from the opposite direction . 
 ` he ca n't hit his high notes , can he ? ' 
 grudo winced . 
 ` bit of a problem too , i think , for a troubadour , ' carey agreed . 
 ` i did n't know we still had any troubadours ; and if they sing like that , i ca n't say i 'm surprised . ' 
 the troubadour suddenly stopped singing , letting his lute drop down by his side . 
 he stared at the steam wagon in wide-eyed amazement . 
 then , with a sharp flex of his knees , he urged his horse into a gallop , rushing across the dusty crossroads towards them . 
 ` my lady , my lady ! ' 
 he cried , holding on with one hand to both his lute and his large , feathered hat to stop it blowing off . 
 ` at last i have -- ' as he brought his horse to a sudden halt alongside the caravan , a large shoulder bag that had gathered momentum in the charge suddenly rose up from behind to strike him heavily across the back of his head . 
 the unexpected blow knocked him out of his saddle , sending him sprawling in the dust . 
 sheets of paper from the bag scattered high into the air , before falling around him like heavy snow . 
 ` oh no ! 
 are you all right ? ' 
 carey asked in alarm . 
 she would have jumped down to help , but was blocked by grudo 's massive form as he casually stretched out to pluck the falling sheets from the air . 
 ` all right ? ' 
 the boy said with a laugh as he scrambled up from the floor and dusted himself down . 
 ` how could i be otherwise , my love , when -- ' he abruptly paused , his eyes now wide with confusion as he stared once again at carey . 
 along with his dusty , dishevelled clothing , and an untidy mass of golden hair that curled around his otherwise boyishly-handsome face , his puzzled frown made him look like some poor fool from a play . 
 ` i did n't know we still had any troubadours , ' grudo said gruffly to the bemused boy as he handed down some of the papers to him . 
 ` oh , er , yes , really ? ' 
 the boy was as bewildered as if waking up to a painful reality from a pleasant dream . 
 ` we do n't , i mean , there probably are n't any other troubadours ; i mean , i 'm probably the only one now . ' 
 he affected an elegant bow , sweeping his feathered hat low across the ground and stirring up another cloud of dust that made him choke and cough . 
 ` grudo ! ' 
 carey was aghast when she saw that grudo was reading through the papers he still held in his hands . 
 she gave him an admonishing jab with her elbow . 
 ` what ? 
 oh yes , sorry , ' grudo growled , turning to hand down the rest of the papers to the boy . 
 ` all this `` thee '' and `` thine '' ; does anyone still talk like that ? ' 
 ` they do in my songs , ' the boy happily declared , gratefully taking hold of the papers and carelessly stuffing them back into his bag . 
 ` besides , the words are n't quite right just yet in some of them . 
 i 'm still working on those . ' 
 ` ah , i noticed that none of them had any endings ; unless they 've become a little mixed up . ' 
 the boy quickly checked the sheets he still held in his hand . 
 ` no , no ; they 're not mixed up , ' he sighed thankfully before looking back up at grudo and carey . 
 ` there are no endings . 
 i have n't thought of them yet ; the endings , i mean . 
 i ca n't put in an ending before i 've thought of it , can i now ? ' 
 ` stories with no endings ? ' 
 carey exclaimed . 
 ` i take it you do n't make much money from being a troubadour , ' grudo scornfully added . 
 ` ah , now , with that , you may have a point . ' 
 the boy was bent low , collecting some of his papers that were still scattered across the ground . 
 ` for i admit , i 'm no good at my endings -- you know , in the same way that some artists are n't any good at hands . ' 
 ` he would n't be much of an artist now , would he , if he could n't draw hands ? ' 
 grudo curtly pointed out as carey gave him a sharp push , hissing at him that they should help the boy pick up his songs . 
 ` he would if he stuck to painting elephants , ' the boy said as grudo clambered down from his seat to help him collect up the scattered papers . 
 ` and there 's a great call for that is there , where you come from ? 
 portraits of elephants ? ' 
 ` besides , ' carey pointed out more kindly than grudo , as she also jumped down to help collect the papers , ` you 're sticking with writing songs you admit you ca n't finish ! ' 
 ` ah , but one day , i will finish them . 
 finish them all at once , in one day , too . 
 all my life , you see , i 've been working towards the perfect ending . ' 
 ` will they be happy endings ? ' 
 carey asked hopefully . 
 the boy shrugged miserably . 
 ` who 's to say ? 
 not me , for sure . ' 
 ` well if you do n't know , ' grudo snorted in exasperation , ` just who is supposed to know ? ' 
 ` ah , but who 's to say what a happy ending is ? 
 if my love loves another , it 's happy for her , but misery for me . ' 
 ` ah , so you 're not sure if the girl you love loves someone else ? ' 
 said carey , thinking she was beginning to understand at last . 
 ` you could ask her , you know ? 
 that 's usually the easiest way to have an answer . ' 
 ` i have n't met her yet , i 'm afraid , ' the boy shouted up from beneath the caravan , where he 'd crawled to retrieve the last of his sheets before they blew away . 
 ` unless you count meeting her in my dreams . ' 
 ` i 'm not sure that counts at all , ' grudo sniffed as he tried to straighten out his crumpled collection of sheets . 
 ` girls in dreams shift and change ; who can tell what they really look like ? ' 
 carey stared at grudo in surprise . 
 grudo shrugged . 
 the boy lightly bumped his head on the underside of the caravan as he finally scrambled out from underneath it . 
 ` but in my case , everyone knows what she looks like . 
 why , is n't she the most famous , the most beautiful princess in the entire world ? 
 so wise , so kind , so charming , so full of laughter ! ' 
 carey and grudo swapped knowing glances . 
 ` the porcelain princess ? ' 
 carey said . 
 the boy nodded sheepishly , but his whole face lit up as if just the mention of her name had somehow conjured her up into life before him . 
 ` you should n't believe everything you read in stories , ' grudo observed grumpily . 
 carey recognised grudo 's familiar complaint . 
 how often had she heard him say this when she was once again letting her hopes rise too high ? 
 ` what he means is , ' she said to the boy , ` that this girl might all just be nothing more than wishful thinking ; she probably is n't real , you know ? ' 
 the boy gasped in horror . 
 ` not real ? 
 everyone knows the porcelain princess is as real as you and me ! ' 
 ` yes , yes , but i mean the girl you 've fallen in love with probably is n't anything like the real princess . ' 
 ` well , she 's made of porcelain for a start ! ' 
 grudo snorted brusquely . 
 the boy smiled as he crammed his saddle bags full with the crumpled sheets . 
 ` ah , but on that point , my love for her will transform her ! 
 and on yours , ' he said , grinning warmly at carey , ` whenever i touch her picture , she comes to life at my touch ! 
 we can talk , we can walk together , we can hold each other close ! ' 
 ` and in these dreams , does she tell you she loves you ? ' 
 ` ah , if only she did ! 
 but i do n't wish to waste our time together by asking her this ! 
 besides , what if the question embarrasses her ? 
 what if it embarrasses me , when she answers no ? ' 
 ` let 's not forget it 's an old tale . ' 
 grudo avoided carey 's glare . 
 once again , it was an old complaint of grudo 's . 
 ` which means she might also be old . ' 
 ` ah , but as you yourself pointed out my friend , she 's of the finest porcelain ! 
 how will she age , when there 's obviously magic involved ? ' 
 ` but what about yourself ? ' 
 carey asked kindly . 
 ` if you find her , you 'd grow old while she would always be a young girl . ' 
 ` ah yes , i have considered this , ' the boy admittedly sadly , ` but at worst , i at least get to spend some time with her . 
 and when i 'm too old to deserve her love , then i sadly move on . 
 besides , ' he added , brightening , ` is n't it a magical kingdom ? 
 how old must the illuminator be ? ' 
 ` if he is still alive , ' grudo growled miserably . 
 ` he 's still producing his books , surely ? ' 
 ` have n't you heard of children who inherit their father 's talents ? ' 
 recognising these arguments once more , carey scowled at grudo . 
 ` we 're searching for her too , ' she said to the boy . 
 ` you could join us . ' 
 now it was grudo 's turn to scowl at her . 
 ` hmn , i 'm tempted , ' the boy lied , having noticed grudo 's discouraging grimace . 
 ` but perhaps i 'd be better taking this road to my right . ' 
 ` then we 'll do the same , ' grudo said as the boy mounted his horse . 
 ` we 'll take the road to our right . ' 
 ` and if i find i do n't end up where i want to be after all , who knows ? 
 i might turn around and follow after you ! ' 
 ` have you never become disheartened on your search ? ' 
 carey suddenly asked him . 
 ` i mean , have you ever wondered if you might be wrong that the kingdom really exists ? ' 
 the boy shook his head , a shower of dust falling from out of his hair . 
 ` if i stopped searching , what meaning would my life hold then ? 
 besides , if i had n't been searching , then a famous king who now rules his kingdom would still be undiscovered , rotting away in a high tower . 
 he heard my singing and , being a bit of a troubadour himself , responded with his own singing ! 
 and so at last , his countrymen knew where he was being held ! ' 
 ` oh , and he let down his hair did he , to let you climb up ? ' 
 grudo chuckled . 
 ` you 're mixing up your fairy stories and your histories , my friend , ' the boy replied jovially . 
 ` ah , so , hearing you singing outside his window , he decided he 'd have to escape ? ' 
 ` grudo ! 
 why are you being so rude ? ' 
 carey snapped . 
 ` i 'm not offended , ' the boy laughed , tugging on his horse 's reins , turning her to face the track to his right . 
 ` whichever way you look at it , my song was the key that unlocked his prison ; and you ca n't expect more of a song than that ! ' 
 and with a polite doff of his cap , the troubadour rode off , singing once more . 
 * chapter 10 the troubadour 's second song i 've heard thine hair shines like the finest silk your kindness flows more pure than milk your face as smooth and white as por ... celain yet i fear thine heart will ne’er be mine to win you are the moon , the sun and stars but alongside your venus , mine own countenance only jars i dream the dream that to your queen i 'll be king yet i dread you wo n't hear of the love i sing * chapter 11 ` grudo ! 
 why were you being so incredibly nasty to that poor boy ? ' 
 as they climbed back onto the caravan 's driving seat , carey glared angrily at grudo . 
 grudo replied with an embarrassed shrug . 
 ` well , you know , what with your father no longer being around ... ' ` you felt it was your role to protect me ? 
 from some poor , lovesick boy ? ' 
 ` ah , a very handsome and charming boy ; but one who lives in dreams , rather than realities . ' 
 ` and you do n't think i should live in dreams , right ? ' 
 grudo shrugged again . 
 ` life is hard enough without seeing our hopes for a better life constantly dashed away . ' 
 ` hmn , maybe you 're right , ' carey sternly declared , to grudo 's pleasant surprise . 
 ` he was handsome and charming , was n't he ? ' 
 she added with a sigh and a dreamy face . 
 grudo was horrified . 
 ` carey , he would only -- ' he stopped , having at last noticed carey 's mischievous smirk . 
 ` but nay , he ne’er had eyes for me , ' she said with a theatrical sadness . 
 grudo smiled . 
 ` get thee back to work girl , ' he chuckled , starting up the caravan . 
 * a landscape of pleasant homesteads and well-tended fields soon gave way to thick forest . 
 the track remained straight but narrow , yet it stretched ahead of them as if it were endless , such that the trees appeared to be closing in on it and cutting it off . 
 even as night fell , they still had n't cleared the forest , and still had a long way to go . 
 everyone had taken up watch around the caravan , on the lookout for any signs of wolves , bears or any other wild creatures that might inhabit the wood . 
 they hoped the caravan 's cacophony of noises , its clouds of smoke and steam , and the fiery glow of its furnace , would be enough to scare off any unwanted attention . 
 although they had hoped to leave the forest far behind them before setting up camp for the night , they began to realise this would be impossible . 
 even grudo and the others required sleep , and everyone was exhausted after a day of constant and fruitless travel . 
 everyone had begun to doubt that they had chosen the right path to travel . 
 the forest seemed endless , and it felt like it would be days before they reached a town or even a village where they could put on a show . 
 ` we 'll build a large fire ; that should keep any animals away , ' grudo reassured carey . 
 ` no , not too big , ' carey insisted , realising that grudo and the others were putting her safety above theirs . 
 any fire , even the caravan 's furnace , had to be treated with absolute care by the wooden puppets . 
 ` and we 'll collect any large stones we can find to surround it . ' 
 ` a rehearsal ; we must have a rehearsal for tomorrow 's show , ' neris declared brightly , hoping she could cheer up her disheartened friends by implying that there would be a show tomorrow . 
 ` yes , yes , ' ferena agreed excitedly . 
 ` and it must be everybody 's favourite ; the porcelain kingdom ! ' 
 * chapter 12 the porcelain kingdom our tale begins , of course , before the arrival of the princess in the kingdom . 
 it was an unhappy kingdom . 
 a dark kingdom . 
 a dark kingdom in as much as that , although the sun shone here as much as anywhere else , the people sensed only the darkness in their lives . 
 they noticed the rain storms , or when the sky seemed endlessly dull and dispiriting , but not the bright and breezy days , which they saw as fleeting and few and far between . 
 they were aware of the months when their crops were flattened , yet took for granted the years when the fields produced all they could want . 
 they complained of the market sellers who cheated them , the customers who expected too much . 
 they could n't tolerate the rudeness of others , which drove them to distraction , such that they had little time for the problems of others . 
 they raged at selfishness , at ignorance , at stupidity , at arrogance , wondering why everyone could n't be more like them . 
 they walked through the streets of their town keeping to the shadows , their heads hanging low , their voices stilled or nothing more than a whisper , forever nervous of the edgy , unfriendly people that crossed their paths . 
 and over everything there loomed the high tower , its vast shadow moving steadily across the town like a cloak of watchful darkness , its steady progression like a clock ticking away at and devouring the hours of their lives . 
 then , at night , when everything else was dark , the tower 's windows blazed with light , a hellish inferno of illicit , demonic activity . 
 no one with any sense would be around at this time of night . 
 no one would draw attention to their homes by lighting a candle , or curiously drawing aside their curtains . 
 when the town 's darkness was at its most complete , the gates within the high walls surrounding the tower would briefly open . 
 from directly inside the walls , there would come a clatter of iron wheels on cobbles , the snorts or neighing of hellish horses readying for the off . 
 they were the last warnings for any fool still abroad to run for home . 
 as the great gates closed behind it , the black carriage would career through the streets , the hooves of its equally black horses thundering as they pumped against the hard stone , the wheels roaring like great windmills spinning in the most terrifying hurricane . 
 some said that , as they cowered in their beds , they could hear the crack of the driver 's whip . 
 but if that were true , then the driver was invisible . 
 others swore that they had seen the horses snorting flames , but most people who had been unfortunate enough to have encountered them simply refused to relive their experience . 
 the carriage carried no passenger , everyone knew . 
 unless you counted the souls who were about to be given over to the fading . 
 on the seats and floor , there lay only stacked strongboxes containing books . 
 the most beautiful books money could buy , with the most wonderful illustrations imaginable . 
 but these were the works of the illuminator , and so they were illustrations that you hoped , you prayed , did n't feature you in any shape , or form , or way . 
 for that simple portrayal would suck the very life out of you . 
 and you would become just one more victim of the fading . 
 as the carriage finally headed out of town on one of the many roads leading to other lands , where the books would be published and sold , another carriage would enter the town on one of the other roads , its strongboxes empty and light . 
 even so , this empty carriage thundered through the streets , aiming to reach the gates while the town was still at its darkest . 
 even the arrival of the morning would n't bring any relief from the townspeople 's fear . 
 for most frightening of all was news that copies of the illustrations had appeared on their side of the tower 's wall . 
 then , no matter what other tasks they had set themselves to accomplish that morning , they would fearfully make their way towards the wall . 
 here they would even more fearfully view the illustrations , carefully checking them for any sign of themselves or anyone they cared for . 
 every now and again , their fear of the tower and its demonic works became so great -lrb- or perhaps it was that they actually overcame their fear ; no one was quite sure -rrb- that a courageous man or woman would rise up from amongst them , calling on everyone to attack it . 
 brandishing old swords , pitchforks , scythes and flaming torches , they would storm the walls . 
 they would break down the tower 's great doors , they would rush through its marbled rooms , its mirrored halls , expecting at any moment to be faced by the cohorts of demons and devils they believed helped the illuminator complete his evil tasks . 
 but the tower was always empty . 
 there were n't any demons . 
 there were n't any soldiers , any staff either . 
 and there was nothing to say the illuminator had ever lived here . 
 there was n't even any sign of the dark horses that drew the carriages . 
 it was as if everyone in the tower had been magically spirited away . 
 which only added to the people 's awe and fear . 
 ` burn it ! 
 burn this evil place down to the ground ! ' 
 the cry would go up . 
 they would torch the velvet curtains , set fire to chairs they had deliberately piled up , rush through the rooms once more with blazing blankets and sheets trailing behind them , such that they would set everything they touched ablaze . 
 then , from the safety of the town , they would gleefully watch as the whole tower blazed , cheering as whole sections broke off to tumble to the ground in vast showers of sparks . 
 ` that 's it , go ahead and enjoy yourselves while you can , ' older men and women who refused to join the attack would grumble knowingly . 
 ` you 'll see , you 'll see , ' they would add ominously . 
 and in the morning , they did see ; they saw the tower completely restored , as if the attack had been nothing more than an exhilarating dream . 
 ` it 's ... it 's not possible ! ' 
 the previous night 's attackers would groan in disbelief . 
 ` i saw it burning ! 
 it lit up the whole town ! 
 i felt the heat of the flames , even standing here , in the town square ! ' 
 eventually , the attacks ceased . 
 what was the point , when the tower appeared indestructible ? 
 it never even suffered the fading , even though it had appeared in far more illustrations than any other building , any person . 
 the mysterious , black carriages continued to hurtle dangerously through the town 's darkened streets . 
 copies of the illustrations would still appear outside the tower 's high walls . 
 people and buildings still succumbed to the fading . 
 it was just something they had to live with , the townspeople had realised . 
 even moving to another town would n't save them ; the illustrations had as much effect beyond the surrounding forests as they did in their own lands . 
 the illuminator could see and picture , it seemed , anyone he chose , even if they lived on the edges of the world . 
 it was said that the illuminator had , long ago , tried to explain his actions . 
 his illustrations -- or illuminations , as he preferred to call them , hence his name -- were mere devices to bring the characters of his stories to life in his readers ' imaginations , he had insisted . 
 but no one was prepared to believe such a simplistic explanation . 
 everyone knew that his ` illuminations ' were responsible for the fading . 
 the illuminator never again showed himself -lrb- if , indeed , he had ever revealed himself in the first place -rrb- to offer any further explanation . 
 the tower included a large balcony that overlooked the town , where he was said to have appeared on the day he had spoken to them . 
 but if any townspeople still looked up to the balcony with any expectation that he might appear there again , they did so in vain . 
 if he did ever appear there , some said , it would only be to announce that he had decide to bring the world to an end . 
 one day , however , someone did appear on the balcony ; but it was n't anyone they were expecting . 
 no matter where you were in the town on that day , you could n't fail to hear the unexpectedly joyful fanfare of trumpets that had abruptly erupted from the tower . 
 blacksmiths stilled the ringing of their anvils , tavern keepers halted the rolling of their heavy barrels down in the cellars , maids stopped the whirl of their spinning wheels or looms , the squishing of their milking , and children brought their play to an end in the middle of an excited yell . 
 ` who 's playing the music ? ' 
 they anxiously asked each other as they all wormed their way through the streets towards the beckoning tower . 
 ` why ? ' 
 asked others . 
 ` what on earth can it mean ? ' 
 ` the end of the earth ! ' 
 answered some as they nervously grasped the hands of their children . 
 even as they all gathered beneath the balcony , the curtains behind the immense french windows were seen to move , to be disturbed . 
 then they opened , flowing smoothly to either side . 
 as the doors themselves opened , everyone gasped . 
 some fell to their knees , weeping . 
 the fanfare of trumpets came to an abrupt halt , letting an awed silence quickly ripple across the crowd . 
 in the darkness of the tower 's interior , there was a flash of purest white , growing , increasing in size as it drew nearer to the doors leading onto the balcony . 
 the most beautiful girl anyone had ever seen stepped out into the sun . 
 her dress , the dress of a princess , glistened as if decorated with the finest pearls , the most expensive lace . 
 her hair shone as if made of the richest silk . 
 her face was flawless , her skin as pure as the world 's most painstakingly made porcelain . 
 she gave off an angelic light -lrb- as everyone would later agree in awed tones -rrb- . 
 she continued walking until she was standing on the very edge of the balcony . 
 she looked down on them all , her head moving slightly as she took in -lrb- as they each believed -rrb- each and every one of the assembled crowd . 
 she smiled . 
 even though they were all too far away to see clearly , each and every one of them knew that she had smiled . 
 they knew this because they suddenly felt flooded with her happiness , her benevolence , her own remarkable wonder of the world and everything that was in it . 
 she waved . 
 she waved at him , at her , each and every one of them knowing that he or she was the one in particular that she had spotted amongst the crowd , singling them out for her friendly wave . 
 each and every one of them waved back . 
 the princess did n't say anything . 
 she did n't need to . 
 she simply turned and walked back through the balcony doors back into the palace . 
 -lrb- suddenly , no one thought of it as being a tower anymore . 
 the tower had at last disappeared ; it was now a palace . -rrb- 
 it was over ! 
 the terror was over ! 
 their princess did n't need to tell them this for them to know . 
 they cheered . 
 they threw their hats into the air . 
 they danced ridiculously excitable jigs . 
 they made their own joyful music , with hastily produced flutes , with barrels transformed into drums . 
 they reached out to hold hands with whoever was nearest to them , groups forming into circles or lines that wheeled amid or snaked around everyone else . 
 they hugged complete strangers , inviting them for a drink at the tavern , even dinner at their home at the next available opportunity . 
 clothes that only a moment ago had seemed dull and poor now blazed with colour as everyone happily mingled . 
 children who had been nothing but noisy pests , forever getting under their feet , spread laughter and gay tom-foolery wherever they went . 
 market stalls dismissed as uninteresting and full of ill formed goods were , on a second look , revealed to be selling the most unique , handmade wares . 
 and just the appearance of their princess had caused all this ? 
 they were amazed ! 
 how was it possible ? 
 where had she come from ? 
 who was she ? 
 why had n't she spoken ? 
 how had she reassured them all despite not saying a word ? 
 they asked these questions , of course . 
 asked themselves . 
 asked each other . 
 but they were n't really bothered abut receiving any answers . 
 they were happy . 
 that was the main thing . 
 and they were sure that , at last , all their worries were over . 
 yes , there would be minor problems to deal with , as there always would be ; but they would be dealt with ! 
 why , look at how their magnificent palace stretched towards the heavens themselves , showing that anything was possible ! 
 look at how it glowed in the sun , like a vast beacon of hope ! 
 as night fell , the palace continued to benevolently watch over them , the warm glow from its brightly lit rooms like gloriously large lanterns that spread and shared their light with the peacefully sleeping townspeople . 
 there were no dark carriages that night . 
 there were no copies of illustrations waiting to be viewed in the morning . 
 for the first time ever , it seemed , the town awoke as any other town awakes ; full of hope and expectation , and wondering what challenges and triumphs the new day would bring . 
 * when the sun was at its brightest , another fanfare of trumpets sounded out across the town . 
 everyone glanced up towards the balcony . 
 but there was no movement there . 
 their princess did n't appear . 
 this time it was the gates that opened . 
 from inside the walls , there came the snort and whinnying of proud horses , the clatter of wheels on cob stone . 
 the driverless carriage unhurriedly pulled out through the gates . 
 the prancing horses were of purest white . 
 the carriage itself , even its wheels , could have been made of porcelain or mother of pearl , it gleamed so wondrously white , reflecting the tones and shades of everything it passed as fluid rainbows . 
 -lrb- in fact , people would later say , the main body was so perfectly spherical that it could only have been formed from a gigantic pearl , skilfully hollowed out from within . -rrb- 
 it was their princess , everyone was sure , even before anyone began to catch glimpses of her behind the brightly shimmering windows . 
 she leaned forward in her seat , gaily waving at each and every person she passed . 
 she smiled . 
 she giggled with joy as children playfully ran alongside her carriage , easily keeping up with its languid progress towards the town square . 
 the townspeople followed it too , waving at their princess , waving at each other as more people joined their steady progression towards the square . 
 in the very centre of the square , the carriage pulled to a halt . 
 a thin central band of the carriage began to wheel forward , while also sliding open at its rear , slowly elevating the princess up through the roof until she was standing on its very top . 
 a flaring safety rail formed around her , but it was invisible against the innumerable layers of lace of her resplendent dress , such that she appeared like a queen proudly standing astride the globe she ruled . 
 the whole crowd gasped in awe . 
 she was even more beautiful than they had imagined . 
 her skin was as perfectly white , as indelibly flawless , as astonishingly smooth , as luminously glistening , as a pearl . 
 there was something about her , those closest to her realised , that was n't quite real . 
 but who could quibble about that , who would care ? 
 that just made her more magical than ever , did n't it ? 
 some of the people gathered around her even recognised her for who she really was ; she was the porcelain child . 
 the porcelain child come to life , as the stories had foretold . 
 and what could be more magical , more amazing , than that ? 
 the crowd stilled and quietened as it dawned on them that their princess was about to speak . 
 ` you may think that i 'm here to tell you that there will be no more fading , no more illustrations . ' 
 her voice was clear , confident and , some people swore , almost musical . 
 she was n't shouting , and yet her message carried surprisingly far , reaching even the edges of the large throng of people who had gathered to see and hear her . 
 she smiled warmly as she spoke , as if she were telling them good news rather than preparing them , it seemed , to accept the continuous existence of the fading and the illustrations that caused it . 
 and so the people around her smiled too , for they realised that this could not be the bad news they would once have taken it to be . 
 ` you should n't fear these illustrations , or the fading , ' their beautiful princess continued . 
 and everyone wondered why she said this , because they no longer did fear them . 
 ` to explain , i need to tell you a story , ' their princess said . 
 ` it 's partly a story you all know well ; yet now there is another part of the tale that needs to be told . 
 it 's the tale of the porcelain child . ' 
 those who had already guessed the truth nodded sagely , congratulating themselves on their wisdom . 
 for others , the truth dawned on them at different points as she recounted her story , raising gasps of wonder , of joy , of even something that felt strangely close to a spiritually enlightening experience . 
 ` as we all know , the porcelain child was created through the most incredible outpouring of love . 
 every child , i would hope , is created through a shared love , such that that love is there for all to see . 
 yet the porcelain child had to be created with an even higher level of love , for every finger , every turn of a cheek , every curve of its mouth , had to be carefully considered and realised by her mother . 
 the mother had to believe , too , that her own great love would suffuse and inhabit her child , giving the girl life . 
 and the father , he had to believe too , in the mother and their child . 
 and his love for them both would have to be yet another kind of love , a selfless love , a sacrificial love , dedicating his own life to bringing life to another , to their daughter . ' 
 she paused , as if to ensure that everyone had time to fully grasp the meaning behind her words . 
 some of the people were already crying in wonder and happiness . 
 more people fell to their knees , blessing the world , the whole of creation . 
 ` now as tales of the child 's creation spread , love for the child grew and grew throughout all the lands where the story was told , listened to , and read . 
 all these people , each and every one , wanted to believe that it was possible to grant her life . 
 and it was this great love of everyone , this belief that the child will attain life , that eventually gives the child life . 
 gives me life . ' 
 now the whole crowd gasped as they were filled with a shimmering joy . 
 ` the power of your great and focused love , your shared imagination , is greater than you think . 
 if enough believe , it can grant life . ' 
 once again , she paused , waited . 
 ` but i tell you this ; it can not give life to someone whose time has come . 
 no power , no wishful thinking , no magic , can prevent this . 
 and this is what you have feared ; that the illuminator 's illustrations were the cause of your passing and your suffering . ' 
 she shook her head . 
 ` this is not the case . ' 
 she briefly waited once more . 
 ` the illuminator knows that you fear -- yes , even hate with your whole being -- his works . 
 he knows , too , that you could never accept his works like you love the porcelain child , a creation way beyond his own limited capabilities . 
 his own works are as nothing compared to this outpouring of love , of joy , of belief in a better life . ' 
 the crowd was silent , patiently listening to the princess 's story . 
 ` the illuminator realises that there 's neither love for him nor trust . 
 he is unapproachable , distant ; and so you ca n't be blamed for misunderstanding his purpose . 
 to rebuild your connection and trust in him , you need someone you can identify with and already trust ; someone that you yourselves have given life to . ' 
 she only needed to smile for everyone to know whom she meant . 
 ` those who succumb to the fading , ' she continued , ` their time has come . 
 if someone appears in an illustration , but their time is not yet here , then they will not fade , nor yet die . 
 but if their time is close , then just as your great and shared and focused love can give life , it can also help prolong it in those who would otherwise have passed all too quickly away ; and this is what we call the fading . 
 the fading is a time that gives you the chance to say the things that would otherwise have been left unsaid . 
 what regrets do we suffer when someone passes out of our lives before we have told them how much we appreciate them , how much we love them ? 
 the fading , then , is not a curse but a blessing ; for it 's a time when we can all experience an outpouring of our love for each other . 
 do n't fear that time . 
 do n't waste it . ' 
 this time as she smiled , those closest to her would later recall how they seemed to be suffused with the love she spoke of . 
 those farther away , however , swore that it was a brief , blinding glow of light that left them blinking in amazement . 
 the carriage 's inner band began to slowly twirl once more , lowering their princess back inside , closing up behind her as she became seated once more . 
 the horses turned , unhurriedly heading back towards the palace where people were already being taken on as the princess 's gardeners , her carpenters , her musicians . 
 as the great gates of the palace 's walls opened , few people failed to see a black carriage waiting just inside . 
 it could n't be ignored . 
 its presence was too ominous and threatening to be dismissed as nothing to fear . 
 only a fool would disregard its portent . 
 but as the gleamingly white porcelain carriage trotted past it , then as the gates closed once more , the dark carriage first faded then completely disappeared from view . 
 the town celebrated , putting on a vast fair that no one had seen the likes of for hundreds of years . 
 they invited anyone who was lucky enough to hear of it . 
 there were musicians and massed , joyful dances . 
 there were ingenious mechanical rides , and boat swings for the children . 
 there were stalls with games to play and prizes to win , or selling all manner of weird and wonderful goods from near and far away . 
 and , of course , there were puppet shows and storytellers . 
 and many people already understood why the porcelain princess had arrived amongst them . 
 although she may sound like the stuff of fairy tales , the porcelain princess is actually as real as you or me . 
 we fear that our lives are fragile , that our world is set hard and unchangeable ; yet if the porcelain princess lives , she gives us the reassurance we need that this porcelain world is ours to watch over . 
 for we are the only part of creation that can truly understand itself ; and therefore we are creation itself . 
 and so you must also realise that without your belief in her , the porcelain princess can only weaken , becoming once more as lifeless as the clay she was originally so lovingly formed from . 
 fortunately , the tale of the wise rule of the porcelain princess was already beginning to be told , to be elaborated on , and to spread . 
 * chapter 13 it was midday before the steam caravan finally cleared the last , more loosely scattered trees of the forest . 
 the road stretched on before them , however , with no towns , villages or even hostelries along the way . 
 there were farms to be seen on both sides of the track , but each one of these was too far away and too remote to be worth a visit . 
 ` perhaps they just do n't like living together around here , ' peregun said miserably , eager to put on another show . 
 even as night fell , they continued travelling in the hope that they would at last catch a sign of a town in the distance , its lights beckoning them on . 
 and , eventually , this hope was rewarded , the number of lit lanterns and windows at first growing the closer they got , only to start winking out one by one as its people prepared for sleep . 
 by the time they reached the edges of the town , it was in complete darkness . 
 it was past midnight , and there was n't even a sliver of a moon to give them any light . 
 so as not to wake the town 's sleeping inhabitants , carey shut the caravan 's engine down to a slow purr , while grudo strapped on the type of harness more usually seen on a horse to pull it quietly along the streets . 
 the others had already slipped off into the darkness to paste the show 's posters in the most unusual and unexpected places they could find . 
 as they would have to remain awake until everyone had safely returned , carey and grudo began to swiftly set up the theatre as soon as they reached the town square . 
 they worked quietly and confidently , despite having only the dim glow of a few lamps to see by . 
 it would be quite a shock for the townspeople , carey thought with pleasure , when they saw that this theatre had sprung up in their midst overnight . 
 neris and peregun were the first to return , followed not long after by ferena , durndrin and dougy . 
 they were laughing excitedly , regaling each other with tales of the difficult positions they had scaled to give the posters maximum impact . 
 ` we put a lot of ours on a wall , which was n't particularly difficult , ' neris admitted , ` but it was already covered with posters so , just in case there 's a rival theatre in town , we thought , well ... ' ` neris ! 
 that 's so unfair , ' carey chided her . 
 ` but makes perfectly sound business sense , ' grudo sagely pointed out . 
 ` who were the posters for ? ' 
 carey asked , curious to know if it was a theatre she had heard of but never come across before , or if it was owned by people she 'd met and happily chatted with on previous occasions . 
 if it were the latter , she realised , she would have to remove their own posters . 
 ` hard to say . ' 
 peregun shrugged . 
 ` it 's so incredibly dark out there at the moment . ' 
 ` i bet they were for the porcelain theatre ! ' 
 durndrin grinned knowingly . 
 ` ah , but do you mean `` the one and only '' , or `` the original and best '' ? ' 
 peregun asked with a rich laugh . 
 they all laughed . 
 a great many traveling shows had decided to call themselves the porcelain theatre . 
 carey liked the name too , but had decided they should keep the name handed down to her through generations of travelling showmen and women ; the string theatre . 
 besides , it was a far more accurate name for their kind of show , was n't it ? 
 ` which show will we put on tomorrow ? ' 
 ferena asked , flicking through a rack of her favourite costumes , the ones she wore when playing an elf , a queen , or a white witch . 
 ` not the meaning of life ? ' 
 dougy growled hopefully . 
 ` i hope tonight 's rehearsal 's going to be a quick one . ' 
 neris vainly checked her face in a mirror . 
 ` even i need my beauty sleep , you know . ' 
 ` the show we already rehearsed for last night of course , ' carey said determinedly . 
 ` the porcelain kingdom ! ' 
 * when carey woke up the next morning , the long , almost uninterrupted travelling of the previous two days meant that she was still a little drowsy . 
 she stumbled noisily around the cabin as she searched for fresh clothes , a little water to drink , something to prepare for breakfast . 
 she opened the front door a little , to let in both fresh air and the morning light . 
 outside , she could hear the steady patter of what sounded like a waterfall , or at least running water . 
 was she still asleep ? 
 was she dreaming ? 
 she leaned forward , peering out of the front doorway . 
 the caravan was surrounded by people . 
 they were all lightly clapping too , making the odd noise she had mistakenly taken to be running water . 
 as they saw her peer out of the door , they all clapped even louder . 
 there were even cheers , and cries of joy . 
 she jumped back in shock , instinctively drawing her flimsy night clothes about herself . 
 ` what the ? ' 
 she noticed that the others had at last blearily stirred from their beds , having been as exhausted as she was by the long journey . 
 ` just where the heck did you put the posters this time ? ' 
 she asked them in wonder . 
 they clambered up on desks and racks and each other , barely opening the shutters covering the windows to cautiously stare outside . 
 no matter where they looked , there were people outside . 
 many were sitting on the floor , as if they had been waiting for the show to begin for a long time . 
 even so , everyone seemed remarkably happy . 
 they had brought food with them , which they were sharing out , as if taking part in a vast picnic . 
 children were running amongst them , playing catch , flying small kites , or just moving from group to group . 
 ` that burst of clapping earlier was better than we 've received for some shows , ' neris said wryly . 
 ` the fading ; some of them have the fading , but they do n't seem to care , ' an awestruck peregun said , ignoring her . 
 ` no , it 's not just that they do n't care , ' durndrin politely corrected him . 
 ` they actually seem just as happy as everyone else , as happy as those who are n't suffering from it . ' 
 carey thought they must be imagining all this , yet when she looked out amongst the crowd once more , she saw that they were right ; there were a number of people in various stages of the fading , yet they were acting no differently from anyone else surrounding them . 
 they smiled , they gossiped , they chuckled , they ate and distributed food . 
 they held hands as best they could with whoever they were with . 
 most amazing of all , children would happily and even deliberately pass through those who were now little more than mirages , giggling with a shivering delight as if they had run through nothing more than a fountain 's spraying waters . 
 making his way closer towards the still slightly open door , grudo pushed it open a little wider , giving himself a better view of the square and the area of town lying beyond it . 
 ` ah , now the answer to all that might be that , ' he said mysteriously , pointing up into the air . 
 following grudo 's directions , carey looked outside . 
 caught in the glow of the rising sun , the towering white palace glistened and sparkled , flaring here and there on one side with a flame-red radiance . 
 ` we 've found it , ' carey sighed . 
 ` we 're here ; the porcelain kingdom . ' 
 * chapter 14 ` what 's everyone doing here so early ? ' 
 dougy complained . 
 ` what time did you put on the posters , carey ? ' 
 ` i do n't think they 're really bothered when its starts . ' 
 peregun moved from one side of the wagon to the other , carefully peering out of the still shuttered windows . 
 ` they look like they 're all enjoying themselves anyway ! ' 
 carey had to agree with him . 
 no one seemed impatient , or in any rush for anything to happen . 
 some of them had settled down on small rugs , blankets or cushions , with a book , knitting , sewing , or piece of wood to whittle in their hands . 
 a few entertainers had already taken advantage of the gathering of the crowd , putting on a show of juggling , contortionism , balancing or magic . 
 ` i have n't had my breakfast yet ! ' 
 carey explained as her stomach quietly rumbled . 
 ` i was hoping to get some fresh bread ! '' 
 there was knock on the caravan 's rear door . 
 with a well-practised signal to everyone but grudo that they should either hide or stay perfectly still , carey went to answer it . 
 the woman at the door was so faded that carey could easily see right through her , seeing a man just behind her unloading fresh bread , fruit and other essential food from a small cart . 
 ` you 'll be wanting fresh bread , i take it ? ' 
 the woman said with a smile that seemed like nothing more than a trick of the light . 
 before carey could express her surprise , the woman herself appeared briefly startled , exclaiming , ` my my , i should 've been expecting it of course ; but it 's still a shock seeing you like this , if you do n't mind me saying so ! ' 
 she studied carey closely as she spoke , an experience made even more eerie for poor carey because she could see that the man standing behind was also staring at her in amazement . 
 ` i 'm ... i 'm sorry , ' carey stammered uneasily , ` but i have n't got any money ready , so i need to -- ' ` money ? ' 
 the woman started , as if offended . 
 ` oh , you do n't need money , girl ! ' 
 she added kindly . 
 ` it 's free , free for you . 
 not just from me , you understand ? 
 we all had a collection , knowing that you 'd be short of provisions after your unexpectedly long journey here . ' 
 the man was now stacking the sacks of food up against the side of the caravan , gradually emptying the cart . 
 he was no longer staring at carey but , rather , was carefully admiring the caravan . 
 ` why , thank you , that 's ... well , could you please thank all your friends for me ? ' 
 carey was a little embarrassed by the woman 's unexpected generosity . 
 ` i 'm ... i 'm ... well , i do n't know what to say . 
 this has never happened to me before . ' 
 ` well , to us neither of course ! ' 
 the woman said mysteriously , grinning hugely . 
 ` oh , the show ! ' 
 carey said , thinking she understood what the woman meant . 
 ` are you really saying you 've never seen a show before ? ' 
 ` the show ? 
 well , of course , we 've seen plenty of shows ! ' 
 the woman reached out to tenderly stroke carey 's cheek . 
 ` but not your show , carey ! ' 
 perhaps carey should have asked how the woman knew her name . 
 but the thought did n't even cross her mind , for as soon as the woman touched her , she felt happier than she had ever felt in her life . 
 her mother and father were standing close by , holding hands as they proudly watched over her . 
 for a moment , it felt as if they were about to step even closer to her , to embrace her and tell her to stay a while longer with them , for they knew how much she had missed them . 
 but the woman withdrew her hand , and the vision vanished , as if it had been nothing more than carey 's overactive imagination . 
 even so , carey reached for the woman 's withdrawing hand , hoping to bathe in that wonderfully uplifting experience once more . 
 but her hand passed through the woman 's arm as if there were nothing there , despite the way it had felt so soft and warm and real against her cheek . 
 it had n't been a real experience , of course , carey realised . 
 she had no idea what her mother had looked like . 
 the woman in her vision was n't her own mother but someone else 's mother , an image formed from pictures of another woman who had featured so much in her life ; the mother of the porcelain child . 
 she still tingled with an incredible sense of joy , however , a joy that she saw replicated in the woman 's beatific smile . 
 ` please , i hope you do n't mind me asking , ' carey said tentatively , ` but i 've noticed that , well , although i 'd expected that there 'd be an acceptance of the fading here , you seem -- well , even a little happy about it ! ' 
 ` people like myself do n't call it the fading anymore , carey dear . 
 we 're the illumini , or , as some call us , the illuminated . 
 what we have accepted is that soon we 'll be once again re-joining the memeory that forms this world and everything in it . ' 
 ` then ... you ... sort of fade away into this memory ? ' 
 carey was thinking of her mother and father once more , wondering if the woman meant that everybody disappeared into this ` memory ' as she called it . 
 `` ` become as one with it '' you mean ? ' 
 the woman chuckled good naturedly . 
 ` goodness gracious no , child ! 
 what would be the point of that , eh , if we simply ceased to exist as individuals by being absorbed into some vast , other thing ? 
 we 'd just as surely be gone now , would n't we ? 
 no no ; we still remain as we are , for this is as we always were . ' 
 she tapped her head . 
 ` it 's up here that counts ; who we really are . 
 and it 's only taken up temporary lodging here too , forming what we falsely think is us around it . 
 it 's our thought that creates the body , not the other way around , like we think . 
 that 's the real us ; and that ca n't die . 
 that will always live on . 
 no one can take that away from us , because it always was and always will be . ' 
 she passed her hand through the wooden frame of the caravan 's doorway . 
 ` we create this from wood and iron , yet fail to realise we form the wood and the iron itself . 
 the trees , the rocks , the soil ; we do n't just fill everything , we are everything . 
 we 've forgotten that we 've created all these false boundaries , these imaginary edges were we think one thing ends and another begins . ' 
 the woman could see the doubt on carey 's face . 
 ` tell me , ' she said , ` when you 're frustrated , and the things around you seem to only add to your frustration by letting you down ; do you think that 's a coincidence ? 
 do you think it only happens to you ? ' 
 ` these could do with putting somewhere safe , ' the man unintentionally interrupted as he pointed to the large jugs he 'd placed against the caravan 's wheel . 
 ` it 's the spirit ; for your little friends , ' he added nonchalantly , grinning up at carey . 
 ` friends ? ' 
 said carey , taken aback . 
 ` oh , er , you mean lamps ; spirit for my lamps ! ' 
 after swapping a knowing glance with the man , the woman said , ` do n't you worry carey ; if you 're not ready to introduce the others to us just yet , we understand . 
 they 've been a secret for so long , a few more minutes or hours wo n't make any difference now , will it ? ' 
 ` i think she means us , carey , ' dougy said , crawling out with relief from beneath a pile of costumes , where he 'd been getting hotter and hotter with every passing second . 
 ` ah , dougy ! ' 
 the woman said with obvious delight . 
 ` see carey , i said we 'd understand . ' 
 ` i do n't understand ! ' 
 carey exclaimed in exasperation . 
 ` i do n't understand how you know so much about us ! 
 how you seemed to be expecting us ! ' 
 ` well , because of the illuminator , of course ! 
 he somehow sees so much of what 's going on in the world . 
 he does n't tell us everything he sees , naturally ; but he does keep us informed of things he believes might concern us , such as your arrival in town . ' 
 ` then he knows we 're here ? ' 
 carey glanced back over her shoulder , almost as if she could somehow see through the caravan 's roof and see the gleaming palace towering over them . 
 ` he knows why we 're here ? ' 
 ` of course he knows ; there 's little he does n't know , you ask me . ' 
 the others had all cautiously stepped out of their hiding places , blinking , stretching , smiling stupidly , as if they had all just woken up from a dreamy sleep . 
 it was so unusual to be revealing themselves to someone other than carey , a totally new experience for them . 
 they looked to carey , waiting for her permission to step outside . 
 carey nodded , smiled . 
 she and grudo stood aside , leaving the way towards the door clear . 
 the woman stepped back , clearing the doorway . 
 being the bravest , peregun was the first to approach the open doorway . 
 he paused on the top step , looking out over the assembled crowd . 
 ` peregun ! 
 it 's peregun ! ' 
 someone cried out excitedly . 
 as one , as if it were a vast living creature , the crowd audibly breathed in before erupting in cheers , clapping and joyful laughter . 
 it rippled and swayed too , as people moved to get a better view . 
 ` neris ! 
 neris is there too now ! ' 
 the cry went up as peregun began to nervously descend the steps and neris took his place . 
 ` ferena ! ' 
 ` durndrin ! ' 
 ` dougy ! ' 
 the crowd shouted out their names as they each appeared in the doorway . 
 each also received a fresh , excited burst of clapping and cheers . 
 on reaching the bottom of the short flight of wooden steps , they were immediately surrounded by people wanting to touch them , hug them , or drape silk or lace scarves and neckerchiefs about them . 
 everyone stared at them with the awe of disbelieving children . 
 the children themselves chuckled when they saw that , for once , they were n't the smallest people in the crowd . 
 carey laughed too when she saw how bewildered her friends were . 
 they were edgy , enthralled , amazed , like children experiencing a dip in the sea for the very first time , being both incredibly scared and yet also ridiculously exhilarated . 
 and every one of them giggled with happiness . 
 * grudo was the next to peer out of the door , bending low and edging out slightly sideways to get his massive bulk smoothly through the door frame . 
 ` grudo ! ' 
 everyone yelled in a mix of joy and wonderment at his size . 
 as he stepped down he looked just as bewildered as the others . 
 he had , of course , walked and moved amongst living people many times , but he had never been greeted in such an ecstatic fashion . 
 so , just as for the others , all this was an entirely new experience for him . 
 children rushed towards him , almost treating him like a playground climbing frame in the way they reached up for and swung off his massive arms , or sat astride his feet so that they had a ride as he walked . 
 finally , carey appeared in the doorway , pausing as everyone else had done so far to take in this wonderful sight of a massed crowd cheering their every appearance and move . 
 the clapping and cheers for carey were the loudest of all , however . 
 with a smile , the woman and her companion began to step away , taking their now empty cart with them . 
 ` wait , wait -- i did n't thank you enough for everything , ' carey said just in time to the woman before she disappeared into the crowd . 
 ` i mean , i 'm sorry , i 'm so rude ; i never asked you your name , even though you brought me all these free supplies . ' 
 ` veraiconica , ' the woman replied ; then she turned , walked off and became one more person in the vast tide of love and joy surrounding carey and her friends . 
 ferena was showing a group of astounded children how her wings flapped , jumping up in the air as if about to take off , then shrugging sadly as she explained they no longer worked as well as they used to . 
 peregun was charming an excited gaggle of young women , even though every one of them was at least twice his height . 
 neris was being as equally seductive , the men surrounding her entranced by her beauty and elegant moves , though even women were clamouring around her , asking for all manner of advice on controlling their husbands ' wayward ways . 
 durndrin was smoking a pipe , regaling his own admirers with some tales or adventures that seemed to involve an awful lot of hand twirling , swift leaps , and spins . 
 as carey looked around , grudo appeared to have mysteriously vanished until she saw him seated on the floor , quite happily acting as the adventure playground the children had taken him to be . 
 as for dougy , well , he really was nowhere to be seen ; carey could only assume that , like any other dog , he was tearing around in-between people 's legs and feet , and he was wherever the crowd appeared to flow , shiver and abruptly laugh out as if unexpectedly disturbed . 
 carey walked amongst everyone as if in a dream , unable to take it all in . 
 she could n't hear what they were all saying . 
 they moved in and out of her vision without her really registering their presence . 
 her mind was on the show they would have to put on . 
 how could they put on a show that would n't disappoint the high expectations of all these people ? 
 what show could it be ? 
 it could n't be the porcelain kingdom . 
 how many times must they have seen that ? 
 how many times had they heard the story ? 
 how could you possibly put on a play that would be all about them ? 
 they 'd spot flaws in the story . 
 they might even be insulted . 
 after all , every story needed a slight retelling to become a play ; you added lines of speech , or bursts of action , all things that might only be implied in the original but were necessary to tell the tale accurately . 
 unfortunately , there was always someone who disagreed with the changes you 'd made . 
 no no ; it could n't be the porcelain kingdom . 
 ` ferena ! ' 
 she shouted , spotting her running amongst the crowd , leading a line of children . 
 ` the show ; what play should we put on ? ' 
 ` we do n't need to put on a show , carey ; we could just fall down and they 'd all cheer ! ' 
 as ferena and her group snaked off into the crowd , carey looked anxiously around for one of the others . 
 ` durndrin ! 
 the show ! ' 
 carey cried out . 
 ` yes , yes ! ' 
 durndrin yelled back enthusiastically . 
 ` we must put on a show for them ; without fake strings too ! ' 
 neris was already putting on a show , a dance of twirls and low bows . 
 peregun , spotting carey heading towards him , was too excited to give her time to speak . 
 ` is n't all this amazing carey ? 
 we do n't have to hide away in secret anymore ! 
 it 's like ... it 's like we really are alive carey ! 
 you did it girl , you did it ; you 've given us a life , of a kind ! ' 
 ` but the show peregun ; we need to prepare for the show ! ' 
 ` yes , yes , we 're all prepared carey ! 
 all the costumes are ready ! ' 
 ` no no ; it ca n't be the porcelain kingdom . 
 not here ! ' 
 neris glanced up from her dancing , instantly understanding carey 's dilemma . 
 ` how about the caliph 's new lace-maker ? ' 
 ` no , no neris ; not even one by the illuminator , i think . 
 they 've probably heard it too many times . 
 we need something else ; a tale from one of our other books ! ' 
 ` but carey , we have n't rehearsed ! ' 
 ferena insisted apprehensively as she snaked past the others once more . 
 ` rehearsed ? 
 oh come on girl , we know most of these tales off by heart ! ' 
 neris replied dismissively . 
 ` that 's right ; i could do them in my sleep ! ' 
 durndrin agreed . 
 ` you do do them in your sleep , dear , ' neris pointed out . 
 ` the lion who refused to roar has always been my favourite ! ' 
 panted dougy as he suddenly appeared from between everyone 's legs . 
 ` look , i 've finally admitted i ca n't help it , ' he added , noticing neris 's admonishing glare as he began to hungrily lick the hands of the giggling children . 
 ` and you know what ? 
 i 'm having fun ! ' 
 carey had never felt so confused , so unsure about what to do . 
 she looked around at the happy crowd , wondering how she could ever hope to please them when they had all gathered so early and waited so long . 
 the sun was rising but still low in the sky . 
 its rays played along the sides of the looming palace , the stone glistening as if it were the finest glazed porcelain , apart from those areas still aglow with a flickering scarlet and crimson , as if set aflame . 
 ` i know , ' carey suddenly said , ` i know the show to put on . ' 
 * chapter 15 the porcelain doll like any other child , kilita always looked forward to and enjoyed the bedtime stories that her mother and father would read to her . 
 they were almost always fairy tales , of course , but that did n't matter to kilita , as these were her favourite stories . 
 the favourites amongst her favourites , however , were the tales of the porcelain princess . 
 so much so , in fact , that her parents found that they were having to make up their own tales of the princess , adding these stories to the many legends that had already grown up around her . 
 fortunately for the girl , her mother had a lively imagination , while her father was exceptionally good at putting on the gruff voices of ogres or the tinnier tones of fairies , bringing everything to life for her . 
 throughout the day , kilita would repeat these stories to her enthralled friends , varying them slightly by taking out the parts of tales that seemed even to her to be obviously ridiculous and unbelievable . 
 for , unusually for her village , kilita did n't think these stories were fairy tales at all , but were descriptions of a kingdom that really existed . 
 ` oh , she 'll grow out of it , you 'll see , ' kilita 's mother would reassure her father . 
 ` all children do after a while ; let 's just leave her believing in magic for a little bit longer , eh ? ' 
 as kilita 's group of friends grew up , the older ones gradually stopped believing in the magic . 
 they began to secretly find it amusing that kilita continued to believe in such obviously silly stories . 
 ` this is going on too long , ' her father said to her mother . 
 ` perhaps i should tell her that , even though i 've travelled just about everywhere selling our pottery , i 've never come across anything that resembles this magical kingdom . ' 
 ` no no , dear ; she 's still so young . 
 it might break her heart to learn the truth . 
 i have a better idea ; let 's buy her a book , in which she can see for herself that the story is n't real but just a fairy tale . ' 
 now books were expensive , particularly the original books illustrated by the illuminator . 
 even so , kilita 's parents loved her dearly , and wanted the best for her that they could afford . 
 naturally , they could n't afford a book by the illuminator , but slightly less expensive copies were available . 
 kilita 's eyes opened wide with wonder when her parents presented her with the book . 
 they widened even farther as she opened the book and took in the beautiful illustrations . 
 the princess was far more beautiful than kilita had ever imagined . 
 the palace , too , was far taller , much whiter , and sparkled with more light than she would have guessed . 
 she touched one of the pictures of the princess , having heard in many tales that if you touched the illustrations , the people portrayed seem to move , even to come alive , beneath your fingers . 
 in some rare cases you could find yourself somehow transported to the kingdom itself . 
 nothing happened . 
 she could have been disappointed , but she was n't . 
 she realised that the book must have cost her parents a ridiculous amount of money . 
 ` it 's the most amazing thing i 've ever owned , ' she said , before telling them how much she loved them . 
 ` now i know what it looks like , i 've even more chance of finding her kingdom , ' she added proudly . 
 ` finding her kingdom ? ' 
 her mother repeated in disbelief . 
 ` oh , i know it wo n't be easy , ' the girl replied , having misunderstood her mother 's bewilderment . 
 ` i 've been trying to work out where it might be for so long now , but it 's difficult because there are so many stories ; and i 'm not sure which are true and which have just been made up . ' 
 ` kilita , ' her father said suddenly , seeing this as an opportunity , ` have you ever thought that it does n't seem quite believable , does it , that a princess made of porcelain could be alive ? ' 
 ` but father , i 've often heard you saying that porcelain is the most magical substance in the world ! ' 
 her parents sighed resignedly . 
 they had indeed said this , and many many times too . 
 being potters , they had been seeking the secret of making porcelain for years . 
 they experimented almost daily with exotic chemical mixtures , the addition of strange ingredients , the changing of oven temperatures . 
 yet still the secret eluded them . 
 ` if she still wo n't grow out of this strange belief , ' kilita 's mother said to her father later , ` then perhaps we should combine our own obsession with hers to help take her mind off it ; because by giving her her own piece of magic , perhaps we can shake her out of this nonsense once and for all ! ' 
 now they practised finding the secret of porcelain every spare moment of the day , because their love for their daughter was now involved . 
 at last , they achieved their goal , their first creation from this magical substance being a delicate face , a fine pair of hands and arms , the lower legs of a child . 
 the rest they created from material stuffed with rags , hiding it all behind a dress made from the best lace they could afford . 
 as soon as she saw the porcelain doll , kilita loved it more than anything else in the world , apart from her parents . 
 straight away , she refused to be ever parted from her doll , whom she called tiko . 
 tiko would sit up alongside kilita in bed as they listened to the bedtime stories , wide eyed in amazement at what she was hearing , never daring to interrupt . 
 she would go to sleep as soon as kilita fell asleep , but would already be awake when kilita woke up . 
 sitting at the table for meals , tiko would never eat , as she was impatient for kilita to finish , so they could begin playing together once more . 
 when they went out together , no one thought it unusual . 
 after all , there was nothing strange about a girl of kilita 's age having a doll ; it was just her belief that certain fairy tales were true that people found odd . 
 for once , her parents were n't worried about her . 
 for when she realises her doll can never , ever come to life , they told themselves -- despite it being made of the magical porcelain , and despite all the love that had been poured into it during its creation -- then , finally , kilita would come to realise that tales of the porcelain princess could n't possibly be true . 
 now when she was out with her friends , kilita would tell them tales of tiko . 
 of course , such tales should have been immediately taken by her listeners as nothing more than made up stories , yet kilita told them all with such incredible detail , and without changing them in any way each and every time , that some people began to wonder if there was n't some truth in them after all . 
 more amazingly still , tiko would sit alongside with a knowing smile on her face , as if proudly listening to the retelling of her adventures . 
 the younger children especially would giggle and chuckle , and gawp in wonder or horror depending on which point the stories had reached . 
 every child had already decided on which was his or her favourite story . 
 many preferred the stories where tiko was a little mischievous , a little uncontrollable , such as the time she accidently let a nearby farmer 's pigs loose from their sty -lrb- an event that everyone knew had actually happened -rrb- . 
 she tried to round them up , running after them across the fields , only to finish up in such a filthy state that she had to have three very hot baths before she gleamed like a princess once more . 
 others always wanted to hear how both kilita and tiko had once fallen asleep by a small pool , not realising that it was inhabited by water sprites . 
 those who knew of the water sprites quite rightly feared them , for they would kidnap unwary children and make them forget all about their parents and friends , their past lives , by taking them down into the watery depths , where they would eventually become water sprites themselves . 
 and so , as if sleep walking in a powerful dream , kilita rose to her feet and started walking towards the pool , unknowingly entranced by the evilly giggling water sprites . 
 but , of course , the water sprites were n't to know that tiko was also alive , thinking she was nothing more than a rather pretty but useless doll . 
 realising the danger kilita was in , tiko chased after her , tugging hard on her dress to pull her back from the water 's edge . 
 but kilita kept on walking , firmly under the control of the water sprites , and stepped into the pool . 
 tiko next tried climbing up kilita 's dress , sitting on her shoulders and shouting as loudly as she could in her ears to try and wake her ; but it was all no use . 
 kilita was now up to her knees in the water . 
 at last , the triumphant water sprites rose up from the waters , surrounding poor kilita as they prepared to drag her down with them back towards the very bottom of the pool . 
 ` stop , you ca n't take her , ' tiko cried . 
 ` i feel it 's only right that i should warn you that she will be of no use to you , and will bring you only bad luck ! ' 
 ` no use to us ? ' 
 the water sprites stopped what they were doing , looking up at tiko in surprise , for they had never seen anything like her before . 
 ` bring us only bad luck ? 
 how do you know this ? 
 who or what are you ? ' 
 ` do n't you really know ? ' 
 replied tiko , sounding as amazed as she could possibly manage . 
 ` why , look at me ; ca n't you tell that i am really this poor girl 's soul , preparing to depart her ? 
 do you think any girl would be foolish enough to just simply fall asleep by your pool ? 
 no , i 'm warning you , it brings only bad luck to take the soulless into your home . 
 so i think you would be best returning her to land . ' 
 the water sprites looked at each other as they considered this . 
 then they looked up at tiko once more . 
 ` we thank you for your warning , ' they said . 
 ` but please , can you stay with her a moment longer to ensure she does n't fall into our pool by accident ? 
 a soulless child can never become one of us ! ' 
 ` of course , ' tiko said graciously , glad to see that kilita had already been released from her charm and was waking up . 
 ` see , ' she added , ` i 'm taking control of her once more , so that i can lead her back to where she had lain down for her perpetual rest . ' 
 kilita was still a little dazed , but she could now hear what tiko was saying . 
 she could also feel the cold of the water she was standing in , and she could see the sprites gathered around her . 
 she slowly turned around in the water , unhurriedly heading back to the land as if still under a spell . 
 with a series of plops and gurgles , the sprites vanished into the water . 
 and kilita made her way home , thankful that tiko her guardian angel had saved her from becoming just one more mischievous water sprite . 
 ` and many of us know that there really is such a pool , ' kilita would warn at the end of her story , ` the deep and dark pool past the windmill that no child must go near . ' 
 even those who did n't believe the story -- and , of course , only the very youngest did -- accepted that it made children stay away from what could be a dangerous pool . 
 another popular story similarly told them that they should be kind to smaller creatures . 
 a boy from another village took a strange delight in capturing butterflies , pinning them to a board so that he could admire them at his leisure . 
 he thought they looked far more beautiful mounted on his walls than flying around wherever they pleased , sharing their beauty with everyone lucky enough to see them . 
 when kilita and tiko had come across him adding to his collection in the corn fields , tiko had been briefly left speechless by his cruelty . 
 ` stop that ! ' 
 she managed to shout at last . 
 ` oh , and how are you going to stop me ? ' 
 the boy sneered at kilita , thinking she had been the one who had shouted at him . 
 ` we 'll pin you to a board if we have to ! ' 
 the boy gawped in surprise and horror when he realised that it was the doll who was angrily yelling at him . 
 dropping everything , he ran back across the fields , heading back to his own village as quickly as he could . 
 quickly , kilita and tiko released the butterflies he had been collecting in a stoppered pot , watching entranced as the gloriously coloured creatures gratefully fluttered around the girls before flying off . 
 but the boy had also left behind a large bag , and in this bag they found a number of butterflies that the boy had already pinned to a wooden board . 
 kilita looked at the butterflies fixed to the board , wishing there was something they could do for them . 
 tiko began to slowly blow on the wings of the butterflies , making them flutter as if they were all preparing to take off . 
 as she blew a little harder , the wings fluttered harder too , as if the butterflies were now eager to fly away . 
 tiko began to carefully remove each pin , pulling it free of the board , then even more carefully withdrawing it completely from the body of the butterfly . 
 the butterfly wings continued to flutter and beat silently at the air ; and as tiko removed each pin , the butterfly would gratefully soar into the air . 
 each and every butterfly released by tiko that day wanted the world to know what she had done for them . 
 so some changed their patterns to feature tiko 's eyes . 
 of course , not every butterfly agreed on the shape or colour of tiko 's eyes . 
 but this is only natural , because each one saw her from a different angle , or in a slightly different light , or when she was staring at them in wonderment , or happiness , or when she was full of pity for how they had been so cruelly treated . 
 other butterflies included the curls of her hair in their patterns , or the curves of her mouth , even the upturn of her pretty little nose . 
 still others took on the redness of her lips , the greens and blues of her eyes , the gold of her hair . 
 and so even today , you can look at a butterfly and see something in its pattern that recalls the time tiko had rescued them . 
 as kilita said the final lines of one of her tales , the listening children would look towards each other , trying to gauge from the expressions of their friends just how much of the story they had believed . 
 they wanted to believe in the magic of the tales , of course , but they did n't want to look too silly either by believing everything they had just heard . 
 no matter how much of the stories the children took to be true , they would still gather around kilita to hear other tales , or to hear their favourites told once more . 
 it allowed their parents time to get on with their work around the village , and they showed their appreciation by slipping a coin into kilita 's hand every now and again , or offering her some of their wares or produce . 
 kilita 's own parents , however , were not at all happy with her storytelling . 
 she was gradually coming to an age where they would have to start looking for a suitable husband for her . 
 but who would accept a girl who seemed to forever have her head in the clouds ? 
 who would marry a girl so obviously unprepared for the arduous life that anyone born into the village had to eventually accept as their lot ? 
 ` oh , will she never grow out of this stupidity ? ' 
 kilita 's parents sighed . 
 * one night , the village was hit by a storm the likes of which had never been seen before , or would ever be seen again . 
 the rain pummelled even the hardened soil of the roads into a muddy swamp . 
 wind clawed and tore at the thatch of the houses , threatening to strip many of them bare . 
 it overturned small carts , and tossed discarded farm tools around the streets , transforming them into devilishly dangerous weapons . 
 the thunder rumbled as loudly and regularly as if the whole world were waging war on the poor village . 
 it was so dark that anyone could have been forgiven for believing the sun had been permanently banished . 
 the only light came from the lightning that struck the ground so hard it shook it and made it tremble . 
 where the ends of the lightning forks stretched out , they set afire trees , hayricks and barns . 
 with a crack and crackle of triumph , a bolt reached out for kilita 's home . 
 the thatch immediately burst into flame , the supporting timbers quickly following it . 
 the stored chemicals and pottery glazes inside exploded and burned ferociously , giving no one any chance of escape . 
 when the storm finally began to ease and the villagers finally dared to leave their homes , very little but a charred mass of timbers and stone remained of the pottery . 
 despite the still heavy rain , the villagers began to frantically search amongst the wreckage in the hope of finding someone alive . 
 timbers that had been transformed into little more than charcoal were hefted aside , still smouldering hay from the thatched roof was carried away , heavier pieces were hauled clear by urgently harnessed horses . 
 as the rain at last began to ease and their task became easier , however , it soon became plain to everyone that they were no longer searching for survivors . 
 all they would find now , they all agreed , would be the bodies of the two potters and their daughter . 
 even so , their hopes were suddenly raised when they uncovered a section of the workshop that had fallen in on itself in such a way that it had protected a whole area of shelving , with every piece of pottery saved from being even slightly cracked . 
 the heat of the flames had been so intense here , however , that it had not only hardened the porcelain to a gleaming white but , on the side where the flames had been strongest , it had also turned it a bright fire red . 
 encouraging glimpses of the edges of a white lace dress amongst the shelves similarly turned to disappointment when it was found it was nothing more than the doll tiko , her face white and smiling , her golden hair transformed into a flaming scarlet matching the red glow of the surrounding pots . 
 there was n't a single sign of the family , not a single sign that anyone had even lived here . 
 no one can remember who first noticed an odd thing about the hardened pots . 
 down one side , between the band of red and white , there was a bright mosaic of miniature squares , each one of which contained a mix of intense colours . 
 they were incredibly small sections of kilita 's book , someone realised , which must have shredded and burned in the fire , the individual pieces being carried aloft by the hot air until they stuck to the clay of the pots . 
 down the other side of each pot , however , there was something even more remarkable , a pattern of purest magenta running from the red of the flames into the cool safety of the snow white porcelain . 
 and this pattern was the same on every jug , every dish , every jar . 
 a young girl , a woman , and a man , all holding hands as they fled the flames . 
 and here , of course , the tale could end . 
 you could , after all , decide for yourself how the story has ended . 
 is it a sad ending , the family having perished in the fire , even though they have at least being immortalised in a popular piece of pottery ? 
 or is it a happy ending , the pattern being merely a hint that the family have indeed survived ? 
 perhaps you prefer your endings to be even more magical , in which case you 'll prefer to believe that all the love and life kilita had poured into tiko had been returned by the now lifeless doll , ensuring that the girl and her parents continued to live on amongst the patterns of their own pottery . 
 whichever of these descriptions best describes you , perhaps you should read on . 
 * as you 're probably aware , the pottery created in the fire became a highly sought after style , leading to countless copies being made and sold around the world . 
 on the rare occasions that an original piece becomes available at a respected auction house , it can expect to command ridiculous prices , as well as much envious squabbling amongst its many collectors . 
 one of those collectors , we are reliably lead to believe , is the porcelain princess herself . 
 she owns at least five pieces , and perhaps even tiko herself . 
 even here though , there are disagreements about how she came to acquire these rare and valuable pieces . 
 as one version would have it , the princess had been intrigued by the tales that she had heard and -- already in possession of a truly remarkable room made entirely of porcelain -- she had sent her soldiers and courtiers far and wide in search of as many original items as they could discover and purchase . 
 according to another version , however , only tiko had been acquired in this way , with the aim of reuniting her with the pots that had magically appeared within the porcelain room on the very night of the fire . 
 but thankfully both versions agree on one thing ; when the porcelain princess had curiously run her fingers across the porcelain pot , she had felt a connection , a tingling of life . 
 the girl in the pattern moved , turned to her , smiled . 
 the girl held out her hand , the princess graciously allowing her to tightly grasp her finger . 
 gently pulling her finger back , the princess smiled as first the girl 's hand and then her arm came free of the porcelain . 
 more and more of the girl appeared from the pattern of the pot , gradually growing in size as she stepped completely clear . 
 the girl , of course , did n't let go of her mother 's hand . 
 and so her mother was next to step out of the pattern . 
 kilita 's father followed on close behind as he , too , continued to hold his wife 's hand , ensuring the connection of new life flowed between them all . 
 they all looked about themselves in bewilderment . 
 one minute they were trapped in a ferocious fire , and now they were standing in a fabulously beautiful room made entirely of porcelain . 
 and even more amazingly , the porcelain princess was standing directly in front of them . 
 ` are we dreaming ? 
 have we somehow ended up in a fairy tale ? ' 
 kilita 's parents wondered . 
 kilita was as amazed as her parents , but for completely different reasons . 
 she had always believed in the existence of the porcelain princess , of course ; but as she had grown older , she had also begun to believe that she would never , ever meet her . 
 ` your highness ! ' 
 she gasped excitedly , bowing low before her kilita 's parents fell to their knees , unsure how to behave or what to do . 
 the princess held out a hand to kilita , telling them all to stand . 
 ` this , i believe , is yours , ' she joyously said to kilita , reaching out for and handing tiko to her . 
 gasping in wonder once more , kilita tightly hugged tiko close to her cheek . 
 and tiko , of course , smiled . 
 for she could n't have been happier that this particular story had ended in this way . 
 * chapter 16 the clapping and cheering at the end of the show was the most enthusiastic they had ever experienced . 
 the crowd that had gathered around them , of course , was the biggest they had ever drawn . 
 added to this , however , each and every person in the audience had risen to their feet and were now clapping as if the show had been the most amazing they had ever seen . 
 ` i told you all we had to do was fall down and they 'd all cheer ! ' 
 ferena chuckled excitedly to the others as they trooped on stage to take their curtain call . 
 this was the first time they had ever taken a curtain call in which they did n't have to pretend they were puppets . 
 they waved and bowed with exhilarated flourishes . 
 ` er , actually , ' peregun said doubtfully , ` has anyone noticed that they 're not looking our way ? ' 
 it was true ; everyone in the crowd had turned slightly to look towards the palace . 
 carey and grudo had also noticed the crowd 's strange behaviour . 
 they curiously stepped out from behind the theatre as the others leapt down from the stage . 
 moving towards and mingling with the front rows of their audience , they followed everyone 's gaze . 
 everyone was looking up towards the palace 's balcony , where first the curtains and then the immense french windows were slowly being drawn open . 
 there was a flash of brilliant white in the darkness lying beyond the windows . 
 and then the porcelain princess stepped out onto the balcony . 
 * carey had thought the cheering at the end of their show would be the loudest she would ever hear , but now the cries of jubilation were deafening . 
 the porcelain princess was more resplendently beautiful than carey had ever imagined . 
 the dress alone glittered as if suffused with the richest pearls , the purest diamonds . 
 her skin shone in the sunlight as if it were the most glorious mother-of-pearl . 
 and her smile ; her smile was the most gracious smile carey had ever seen . 
 carey knew this for sure , even though she was much too far away to see if the princess was actually smiling or not . 
 even more amazingly , she was smiling directly at carey . 
 somehow , the princess had spotted her amongst this vast crowd , singling her out amongst so many to smile at her , and her alone . 
 welcoming her to the porcelain kingdom . 
 in a daze , carey moved through the crowd , wanting to get closer , ever closer , to the princess standing on her balcony . 
 she dimly realised that she must have left her friends behind , but she knew they would n't mind , they would understand . 
 carey was halfway through the massed crowd when the princess gave a last , prolonged wave -- then vanished once more into the palace , the french windows silently closing behind her . 
 the crowd sighed , a mix of pleasure and disappointment . 
 carey blinked , as if awaking from a dream . 
 was that it ? 
 had she come all this way , only to be rewarded with only the very briefest glimpse of the porcelain princess ? 
 it dawned on her that she had n't thought of how she would manage to arrange an audience with the princess , let alone the illuminator . 
 what if they did n't want to see her ? 
 what if they were too busy ? 
 even though she was smaller than most of the people standing around her , she could see the high , white walls surrounding the palace rising above the heads of the edges of the crowd . 
 in many places the wall was plastered with posters announcing their show , particularly around the tall white gate pillars , where they had been pasted over other , older posters . 
 the crowd sighed again . 
 and the gates began to slowly open . 
 * chapter 17 the crowd obediently parted as the white carriage made its way through them . 
 how had the princess managed to get down from the balcony and into the carriage in such a short space of time ? 
 carey wondered . 
 she did n't think it was possible , yet , realising the carriage was heading in her direction , carey moved aside with everyone else to clear the way for it , hoping to catch another glimpse of the princess as it made its way past her . 
 but the carriage was empty . 
 she was n't the only one to be disappointed by this . 
 there were many exclamations of surprise , giving carey the impression that this was all very unusual . 
 there were even more astonished gasps as the carriage suddenly stopped in the middle of the crowd . 
 the door opened . 
 a set of glitteringly white steps dropped down from the bottom of the doorway , the last step hanging just slightly above the floor . 
 ` well , go on then , my dear . ' 
 carey felt a gentle push in her back . 
 she looked back over her shoulder . 
 a woman was smiling down at her . 
 ` what ? ' 
 carey said , confused . 
 ` i 'm sorry ; what do you mean ? ' 
 the other people standing around her were also smiling knowingly at her . 
 ` well , obviously , it must be waiting for you carey ! ' 
 a man said confidently . 
 carey turned back to look at the carriage once more . 
 yes , it had stopped directly opposite her . 
 and the door was right in front of her . 
 but all this was just a coincidence , surely ? 
 ` no , no ; it ca n't be me , ' she insisted nervously . 
 ` i mean , why me ? 
 there must be some mistake ! ' 
 ` this is what you wanted , is n't it ? ' 
 someone close by said . 
 ` it 's your chance to see the illuminator . ' 
 ` go on girl ! ' 
 someone else kindly urged as she received another gentle push in her back . 
 she stepped , almost stumbled forward , expecting the door to humiliatingly close before her as she approached it . 
 but the door remained open , the steps remained in place . 
 she warily placed a foot on the lowest of the steps , expecting the step to suddenly withdraw from beneath her at any second . 
 nothing happened . 
 she stepped up onto the next step . 
 she leaned forward into the carriage 's wondrously upholstered interior . 
 as she stepped inside , the steps were swiftly raised behind her , and the door silently closed . 
 as soon as she was comfortably seated , the horses began to elegantly and smoothly turn the carriage around . 
 the crowds parted once more for the carriage . 
 seeing carey inside , they waved and cheered as if it were the princess herself making her way through them . 
 as she was n't sure what else she should do , carey cheerfully waved back . 
 * even as her white carriage slowly approached the open gates , carey could see the black carriage waiting inside the walls . 
 the black horses impatiently pawed the ground , eager to set out on their own task , even though there must still be quite a time to pass before they 'd be allowed to leave . 
 perhaps they were always on call , carey reasoned , as no one was really sure when they would be next needed . 
 the gates swung silently to behind her as the carriage entered the palace courtyard . 
 suddenly she felt very alone . 
 there were no signs of any human activity . 
 even the cheering of the crowd had abruptly come to an end as the gates had closed , as if their closing had instantly drowned out all sound from outside . 
 the courtyard , however , was magnificent , with plush green lawns framed and cut across by a whirl of paving . 
 trees and bushes had been carefully trimmed into all manner of elaborate shapes , from squares to pyramids , and spirals to web-like structures . 
 even leaning against the window and looking up as high as she could , carey could n't see where the top of the palace itself ended . 
 she could see , though , that it was made up of an array of towers sprouting still further towers , all held together by vast , connecting arches and bridges . 
 it glittered as if formed from the most glorious coral , the clouds flowing past its upper reaches like languidly shifting shoals of fish . 
 the carriage drew to a halt at the bottom of an incredibly wide set of steps that elegantly curved their way up towards the palace 's immense doors . 
 as the carriage 's door opened , so did these great doors . 
 tripping down the carriage 's own steps , carey stepped out onto the staircase . 
 the carriage 's door closed quietly behind her then , with nothing more than the almost silent trotting of the horses , the carriage slowly drew away from the steps , leaving carey all alone beneath the imperiously dominating palace . 
 carey quickly ascended the stairs . 
 she stepped through the great doors . 
 it was like walking into the very midst of a rainbow -lrb- if , of course , that were actually possible -rrb- . 
 carey had once been fortunate enough to bathe in a completely clear pool beneath a waterfall where , when she ducked below the surface , she was amazed to see how the sunlight split into thousands of sparkling rainbows , playing amongst the ripples and waves flowing everywhere about her . 
 but that experience was as nothing to what she was seeing now . 
 as if the world 's entire hoard of jewels had been crushed and scattered in the air , every colour carey had ever come across sparkled and glowed , hovered and flowed , no matter where she looked . 
 the light formed into foxes , cows , dragons , men , women , ships , and castles , all of them lingering and mingling in the vast space stretching before her . 
 only when she ignored all this imposing play of light and forced herself to look beyond it did she see the building 's actual structure , as minimal as it was . 
 the stonework was little more than a fine tracery , with vast windows of stained glass supported between it . 
 gigantic circular windows , formed like the closely set sails of a windmill , twirled slowly as a light breeze caught and rippled along their edges . 
 suddenly , carey did n't just feel all alone but also very small and inconsequential too . 
 why would the porcelain princess , let along the illuminator , want to see her ? 
 and even if they did , what if all the tales she had heard about the illuminator before the princess 's arrival were true ? 
 what if she did n't really control him , but he , secretly , controlled her ? 
 where were all the demons , the devils , who had once inhabited the dark tower ? 
 she shivered as a huge , dark shape enveloped her , seemingly passing through her as it continued to whirl on through the air . 
 it was a whale , colossal and beautiful , and actually of the darkest blue rather than black . 
 it appeared to rise up through the space , as if striving to leap free of the building itself . 
 for the first time , she began to recognise the characters flowing about her . 
 the fox 's fingers . 
 the old woman & the young girl 's shoes . 
 our laudable tinker & the impoverished judge . 
 they were all taken from tales that the illuminator had illustrated . 
 some that she recognised , others that she did n't , or at least could n't yet place . 
 the whale swam amongst them all , chased by the white sails and bright pennants of a pursuing fleet . 
 ah yes ; she knew that story . 
 * chapter 18 the whale & the devil for the eighth time that year , the fishing fleet returned from a month at sea with little to show for it . 
 ` the shoals have deserted us ! ' 
 the fishermen unhappily wailed . 
 ` the men have let us down again ! ' 
 the women stormed . 
 ` our mothers leave us to go hungry ! ' 
 the children complained . 
 ` we ca n't feed our horses , so they ca n't plough the fields . 
 ` we ca n't feed our dogs , so our hunting fails . 
 ` we ca n't feed our cats , so rats and mice steal our supplies . 
 ` we ca n't feed our land , so all our corn dies . ' 
 but on the ninth time that the fleet set sail , a whale appeared amongst them . 
 ` it 's an omen ! ' 
 the men happily cried . 
 ` a good omen ! 
 see how its spout bursts forth like a fountain of plenty . 
 follow the whale , and it will lead us to fresh shoals ! ' 
 so the men trimmed their sails , and set to their oars , and eased on their rudders , following the whale across the sea to a fishing ground the likes of which they had never seen . 
 they cast their nets , they drew them in . 
 ` look at our nets ! 
 they 're fit to burst ! ' 
 the men yelled in delight as they hauled catch after catch aboard , more than they had ever caught , more than they needed . 
 ` only fools would scorn such good fortune , ' they told each other happily as they set for home . 
 ` the shoals have returned to us ! ' 
 the fishermen triumphantly declared . 
 ` the men have done us proud again ! ' 
 the women trilled . 
 ` our mothers would never let us go hungry ! ' 
 the children sang . 
 ` we can feed our horses , so they can plough the fields . 
 ` we can feed our dogs , so our hunting 's a success . 
 ` we can feed our cats , so rats and mice wo n't steal our supplies . 
 ` we can feed our land , so all our corn grows so high . ' 
 and so now each month the fleet set sail , it waited patiently for the arrival of the whale . 
 ` there , there 's the whale ! ' 
 they would cry out excitedly as she came amongst them once more . 
 so they trimmed their sails , and set to their oars , and eased on their rudders , following the whale across the sea to fishing grounds the likes of which they had never seen . 
 they cast their nets , they drew them in . 
 ` the small fish , who needs them ? ' 
 the men declared , tossing the dead fish they did n't need back into the sea . 
 ` do n't look down on such good fortune , ' others yelled , cramming their holds so full of fish that many were crushed and made useless to anyone . 
 but on the ninth time that the fleet followed the whale , the shoals were n't quite so plentiful anymore . 
 ` why , we 've often seen better catches than this ! ' 
 the men grumbled , remembering only the good times , and forgetting the bad . 
 they cast their nets , they drew them in . 
 ` what fools threw away perfectly good fish last time ? ' 
 they moaned . 
 ` do n't pack them in so badly we waste them ! ' 
 the captains barked . 
 ` why did n't we smoke and preserve the fish when they were plentiful ? ' 
 their crews muttered . 
 so they trimmed their sails , and set to their oars , and eased on their rudders , and headed for home . 
 ` the shoals are n't what they were ! ' 
 the fishermen howled . 
 ` the men bring back mostly excuses again ! ' 
 the women snapped . 
 ` our mothers sometimes let us go hungry ! ' 
 the children whined . 
 ` we can barely feed our horses , so they struggle to plough the fields . 
 ` we can barely feed our dogs , so our hunting 's not what it was . 
 ` we can barely feed our cats , so rats and mice nibble at our supplies . 
 ` we can barely feed our land , so all our corn does n't stretch so high . ' 
 one day , a man arrived in the fishing village . 
 ` you fools ! ' 
 he snarled . 
 ` do n't you see what 's really happening here ? 
 do n't you see who 's really to blame ? 
 the whale has been feeding off your good fortune ! 
 following you to the fishing grounds fortune led you to ! 
 what do you think such a great beast feeds on ? 
 shrimps and pebbles ? 
 it 's been feeding on your fish with its great maw , and scaring the rest away with its even greater greed ! ' 
 ` no , no , ' some good men amongst the villagers protested in defence of the whale . 
 ` the whale herself was our great fortune , let us not forget that ! ' 
 ` i have it on good authority , ' the man reposted , ` that the whale is akin to the devil himself ! ' 
 ` no , no ! ' 
 now even fewer men protested the whale 's innocence . 
 ` do n't you remember how we all saw and commented on the way the sun 's light would form rainbows in the spray of the whale 's glorious spouts of water ? ' 
 but these men were now very few , and they were easily shouted down . 
 ` we do n't need to listen to you ! ' 
 the villagers cried . 
 ` who are you to think you speak for us , when this most learned and intelligent man has fortunately arrived amongst us to warn us of our folly ? ' 
 ` this is correct , ' the man said , ` for i have indeed studied such things to a most impressive degree . 
 but i will forgive the ill-informed amongst you , for they are not to know as i know -- having read the most august journals , available only to the world 's elite -- that the whale has been observed on many occasions dragging simple fishermen like yourselves to their deaths ! ' 
 ` how ? 
 how does the whale do this ? ' 
 all the men now fearfully demanded of the man , fearing for their own lives , thinking themselves truly fortunate that this man had arrived in time to warn them of the fate that could have awaited them . 
 ` by devious means , by entrapment , as the devil himself works ! 
 the whale lies still upon the ocean , allowing soil to wash upon its back . 
 then the birds bring seeds , and grass and bushes grow upon it , until the whale takes on the semblance of an island . 
 and then when some poor fishing vessel seeks safe harbour from the tossing waves , and beaches itself on this semblance of an island ; well then at last the whale dives down and down into the sea 's depths , taking the boat and all its poor men with it ! ' 
 ` it 's true , it 's true ! ' 
 someone cried out in terror . 
 ` how many times did we see this monstrous beast waiting like this but we only thought it was basking in the sun ? ' 
 ` so , why do you hunger and go without when you can kill two birds with one stone ? ' 
 the man reasonably asked the crowd . 
 ` for the whale itself is the equivalent of a vast catch of fish , with meat and blubber and oil to keep the whole village fed for a year ! 
 ` you can feed your horses , so you can plough the fields . 
 ` you can feed your dogs , so your hunting 's a success . 
 ` you can feed your cats , so rats and mice wo n't steal your supplies . 
 ` you can feed your land , so all your corn grows so high . ' 
 ` the shoals will return to us ! ' 
 the fishermen merrily predicted . 
 ` the men will have done us proud again ! ' 
 the women reassured themselves . 
 ` our mothers will never let us go hungry ! ' 
 the children believed . 
 so the fishermen trimmed their sails , and set to their oars , and eased on their rudders , and the fleet set sail . 
 they cast their nets aside , they drew out their harpoons . 
 and soon the whale appeared amongst them . 
 ` see how its spout bursts forth like a poisoned spring ! ' 
 the men cried . 
 ` it 's an omen ! 
 an ill omen ! 
 follow the whale , else it will lead our souls to their doom ! ' 
 following the whale across the sea , they came to fishing grounds the likes of which they had never seen . 
 but they ignored the fish . 
 they did n't draw them in . 
 they cast their harpoons . 
 in their anger , they cast them again and again . 
 but not one hit its mark , for the great whale at last dived down and down , seeking safe harbour in the depths of the sea . 
 and the whale , like the great shoals of fish , was never seen again . 
 and what of the devil ? 
 well , that very night he stole away from the village , laughing at the fisher folk and their stupidity . 
 * chapter 19 at the other end of the great room , a large set of doors silently opened . 
 when the porcelain princess stepped through the doors , she sparkled in the colour-saturated air as if she were the most glorious thing in existence . 
 never , ever , had carey seen so many brilliant tones and shades all in one place . 
 the reds of robin breasts , the greens of butterfly wings , the blues of warm seas , the silver of flashing swords , the golds of endless wheat fields , and a glorious magenta that swirled and eddied as if drawn from the midst of the cosmos itself . 
 a treasure hoard would have seemed dull and uninteresting by comparison . 
 the princess glided across the floor . 
 she smiled at carey -- and then she stopped , and she stared , and her eyes opened wide in amazement . 
 carey was n't sure , but as she was also completely amazed , she guessed she must look the same . 
 exactly the same . 
 they studied each other as if catching themselves by surprise in a mirror and , suddenly realising that the image was more real than they had previously imagined , reaching out as if to touch this semblance of their hair , this perfect copy of their face ; but then swiftly withdrawing their hand back , as if thinking that fulfilling the touch would somehow either destroy the magic or , worse , draw them ever deeper into its grip . 
 ` i ... i ca n't believe it ... ' ` i was expecting ... but not this ... ' ` ... told it was true , yet ... ' ` ... the pictures , they showed that ... ' they circled each other , each swapping one place for the other , then swapping back again as they moved positions once more . 
 the princess giggled . 
 carey chuckled . 
 then they both laughed together , as if they could have been long lost sisters reunited again at long last . 
 ` i would have invited you here earlier , ' the princess finally admitted , indicating with a wave of her hand that she wanted carey to walk with her back towards the doors leading deeper into the palace , ` but i wanted to give you time to put on one of your shows . 
 i 'm sorry i missed it ; but i heard your puppets were remarkable ! ' 
 as the princess spoke and walked alongside her , carey noticed that her movements were n't at all puppet-like , as she 'd come to expect living with her friends . 
 ` and that 's why you 're here of course ; to give your friends life ? ' 
 the princess said it in such a way that it came across as a question , as if she were giving carey the chance to ask herself if that were the real reason why she was here . 
 ` i realise it seems odd , even a little greedy , ' carey admitted . 
 ` i mean , it 's already incredible that my friends can move and talk , as if alive . 
 but as you know -- well , i suppose you know , seeing that everyone here already seems to know so much about me ! 
 -- it 's not a real life , but all thanks to these ingenious mechanisms developed by my grandfathers and what have you . 
 the trouble is , as my friends can think , they know it 's not a real life . 
 they realise what they have , but also what they 're missing . ' 
 ` hah , so you 're saying they want to be really alive ; like me , you mean ? ' 
 the princess smiled as she observed carey curiously . 
 carey sighed with relief . 
 she had begun to wonder how she would phrase the many questions she wanted to ask the princess . 
 ` er , yes , ' carey said , still a little nervous about how she would ask her next question . 
 it seemed a rude , intrusive question to ask ; yet she had travelled so far , and for so long , she had to ask it now . 
 ` how did it happen ? 
 how did you suddenly come to life ? ' 
 ` well , as it seemed to me , carey , i did just `` suddenly '' come to life ! 
 like anyone else , i ca n't remember a time when i was n't here ; at some point , i just became aware that i was here . 
 strange as it seems , when it comes to explaining why and how i 'm here , just like anyone else i only have the stories about me to go on . 
 are you saying you do n't believe those stories , carey ? ' 
 ` imagination ? 
 you believe it really is the power of everyone 's imagination that gives you life ? ' 
 the princess stopped in the doorway , turning to look back into the room they had just stepped out of . 
 the air swam with colour , flowing , undulating and glistening like a captive aurora borealis . 
 ` see all this quite wonderful magenta ? ' 
 the princess asked , pointing out the areas where the purplish-pink tones were most evident . 
 ` how could i miss it ? 
 it 's beautiful . ' 
 ` well , take a look at the windows themselves ; then tell me what you see there . ' 
 carey looked up towards the windows , taking in the incredible beauty of the stained glass images , the bright yet surprisingly dark reds , greens , blues and yellows , the sparkling , misty silver . 
 and then it struck her what the princess wanted her to see ; or , rather , not see . 
 ` there 's no magenta in the windows themselves ; not even any purples or pinks . 
 but does n't that just mean that the colours are blending in the air to create the magenta ? ' 
 ` yes ; and no . 
 for , as our finest alchemists and natural philosophers can verify , magenta is a colour that should n't exist . ' 
 ` should n't exist ? ' 
 carey was confused . 
 ` but it 's there ; we can see it . ' 
 turning back to face the way they had originally been heading , the princess started walking once more . 
 ` yes , yet according to those who know of spectrums and rays of light , magenta exists in space already occupied by other types of rays ; rays that can transfer messages over great distances , or even damage our bodies . ' 
 ` the colour magenta can harm us ? ' 
 carey said , horrified , as she walked alongside the princess . 
 ` no , no , thankfully not , ' the princess chuckled . 
 ` i simply used it as an example of how things we take for granted are n't always what they seem . 
 take yourself for instance carey ; how old are you ? ' 
 they were moving through the rooms much quicker than they were walking , as if the carpet beneath their feet were also swiftly moving , taking them along at great speed through hallways and larger , multi-mirrored areas . 
 ` oh , well , i ... i 've never really thought of it before , ' carey replied , a little surprised that she could n't give a more definite answer . 
 ` i 've been so busy travelling , trying to find your kingdom or arranging shows , it never seemed important to me . ' 
 it was true , she suddenly realised ; she had never given her age much if any thought . 
 there had always seemed to be so many more important things to think about . 
 ` ah yes ; i take it you 've been searching for a very long time . 
 for how long , do you think ? 
 months ? 
 years ? ' 
 just as the carpets in the rooms seemed to be carrying them smoothly along , whenever they reached and stepped onto one of the long , gracefully curving staircases , these too carried them upwards at dizzying speed . 
 ` oh years and years , i think , ' carey answered the princess doubtfully . 
 she could n't really remember how long it had been . 
 ` well , no -- i suppose it must just seem like years and years , of course . 
 i stopped counting long ago ; so long ago in fact , i ca n't even remember when i stopped counting ! ' 
 ` well , to look at you , ' the princess said , looking carey up and down , ` i 'd say you were around fourteen or sixteen . 
 and me ? 
 even though i look very much the same age as you , i suppose you have some idea of my age , yes ? ' 
 ` oh , almost a hundred years at least , maybe , ' carey said casually before realising it might sound like an insult to the princess . 
 ` oh , er , sorry ! 
 not that you look anything like it , of course ! ' 
 the princess laughed good naturedly . 
 ` like you , i gave up counting long ago ! ' 
 * chapter 20 ` from here , you can see where the illuminator works , ' the princess declared proudly , casually waving a hand towards the incredibly tall windows running the entire length of a corridor they had entered at the top of a long , graciously rising flight of stairs . 
 their walking now was unhurried and back to normal , as neither the carpet nor the floor moved in this particular room . 
 so carey excitedly skipped over towards one of the windows , leaning closely against the glass and peering up towards the slim , high tower she could see jutting out from the wall at the farthest end of the corridor . 
 at its top , the towered flared out into what could have been a ball of glass , it had so many windows . 
 on one side , however , this ball extended out into yet another but stubbier tower , this one completely windowless and topped with a gloriously white dome . 
 the dome was split down its centre , with what looked like a gigantic telescope protruding from it . 
 behind her , carey heard an odd clanking , a shiver of metal over metal . 
 turning , she found herself surrounded by the strangest and smallest knights she had ever seen , every one of which had a long , sharp spear pointed directly at her . 
 ` captain ! ' 
 the princess barked from slightly higher up the corridor . 
 as carey had peered out of the window , the princess had continued to walk along the hallway , and now -- hearing the same metallic clinks carey had heard -- she had turned back to see what was going on . 
 in response to her call , one of the armoured soldiers spun around on his heels , giving her a smart salute . 
 there was n't really anything to differentiate him from his men for , just like them , he was an amalgam of wood , leather and iron plates . 
 he was hardly much taller than peregun , and moved just as jerkily . 
 ` she 's with me , captain , ' the princess calmly explained . 
 the armoured men immediately stepped back away from carey , smartly raising their spears in the same , easy movement and bringing them tightly up against their sides . 
 ` you can stand your men down ; and thank you for your and their alertness . ' 
 the men stepped farther back , spinning sharply on their feet . 
 then each one headed towards an alcove in the wall . 
 as soon as one of them reached an alcove , his constituent parts moved and flowed over each other until he had blended into the wall , a flame and oil reservoir smoothly slipping out from within his back to become an innocent looking wall lamp . 
 ` sorry , carey , ' the princess apologised . 
 ` they 're here to protect the illuminator 's privacy ; because you 'd dropped back behind me , they took you as a threat . ' 
 at the farthest end of the corridor , they turned into the doorway that lead into the base of the illuminator 's tower . 
 spiral stairs ran up through the tower 's interior , much as steps run up the inside of a lighthouse , although these were a beautifully elaborate mix of wrought iron and stone . 
 ` you saw the illuminator 's room , when you looked out of the window ? ' 
 the princess asked carey as she led the way up the stairs . 
 ` yes ; with what looks like a large telescope or something ? ' 
 ` it 's a set of lenses , but not a telescope . 
 it 's more like , i suppose , a camera obscura ; you 've heard of a camera obscura before ? ' 
 ` is n't it a darkened room , where the lenses can project images from outside against its walls ? ' 
 ` that 's right ; only in this case , the room does n't have to be darkened , as it is n't light but other energy rays that the lenses are collecting together and projecting . ' 
 ` not light ? ' 
 carey said breathlessly , the steps running up much higher and for longer than she had originally supposed . 
 ` is that possible ? ' 
 the princess chuckled . 
 ` well , obviously yes , carey ; how would the illuminator create his illustrations otherwise ? ' 
 at last , they reached the top of the stairs , coming out into the very centre of what carey had taken to be a ball of glass when she had viewed it from below . 
 the walls were indeed mainly of glass , with only a wrought iron frame holding the variously shaped panes together . 
 between these glass walls and the steps there ran a gallery , again of finely wrought and ingeniously patterned iron . 
 the light from the windows illuminated all manner of sketches and watercolours placed around the gallery on easels and slim plinths . 
 ` these are n't illustrations but just ideas the illuminator 's working on , ' the princess explained , seeing carey 's interest in the roughly yet expertly rendered pictures . 
 carey recognised the drawing and paintings as work in progress , being familiar with the use of colour swatches and experimental draft outlines when she was designing her posters . 
 here , too , were sticks of charcoal , pencil stubs , paint blocks , squeezed tubes and bottles of diluting and cleaning oils . 
 she stared curiously at the various images the illuminator was bringing together on his canvases and boards and paper . 
 there were deft executions of men toiling , of industry , of whole landscapes being changed . 
 the elements -- air , fire , water , earth -- were portrayed in god-like magnificence , as if the story being told were one of the ancient myths . 
 there was something about the pictures that seemed familiar to carey , almost as if they were trying to remind her of a well-known story , yet she could n't quite work out which one it could be . 
 although not as brilliantly coloured or detailed as the illuminator 's final illustrations , these sketches still hummed with a vibrancy and life carey could never hope to capture in her posters . 
 ` i 'd always told myself he must have some secret ingredient , ' carey admitted , scrutinising the equipment surrounding the canvases and finding to her dismay that there was nothing out of the ordinary amongst the paints . 
 ` but all i can see here are things i 've bought myself . ' 
 ` ah , but for his final illustrations , he of course does n't use paint ! ' 
 the princess replied , looking back as she made her way towards two great doors on the other side of the gallery . 
 ` no paints ? ' 
 looking up , carey followed the princess as she crossed the gallery . 
 the doors she was heading for were massive , of both thick oak and iron , and heavily adorned with scenes of beaten and embossed copper ` the colours flow from his fingertips ! ' 
 ` no ! 
 how can he possibly do that ? ' 
 ` use your imagination , carey ! ' 
 having tried to open the doors and finding them solidly unmoving , the princess stepped back with a disappointed frown . 
 ` ah , sorry carey ; i had hoped the doors would be open . 
 but it seems he does n't want to be disturbed . ' 
 ` but ... ca n't you knock ? ' 
 carey was dismayed . 
 ` ca n't you just open the doors anyway , ask him if i could please just see him for a moment ? 
 i 've travelled so far ! 
 and for so long ! ' 
 she looked up at the doors , massive and impregnable . 
 just beyond them , just a few steps away now , was the illuminator , the man she 'd been searching for all this time . 
 ` carey , please try and understand . ' 
 the princess placed a comforting hand on carey 's shoulder . 
 ` even i rarely get to see the illuminator ; his work is important , difficult , and he does n't like to be disturbed when he 's working on anything . 
 as for opening the doors , well , they can only be opened by a code that even i 'm not supposed to know ! ' 
 carey stared forlornly at the doors , wondering what this secret code could be . 
 if only she knew , she 'd use it , bursting in on the illuminator and insisting he helped her friends no matter how busy he was and no matter how upset he 'd be at being disturbed . 
 but the doors were like the forbidding entrance to a fortress , wrought of thick iron , the trunks of great trees . 
 even the beaten copper panels , she recognised now , emanated a sense of immense power and strength ; for they told the familiar tale of the sea empress . 
 * chapter 21 the sea empress the vast armies of the great empress atlantopatris were feared wherever they went , the thunder of their marching alone enough to make fortresses and walled cities quake and fall in submission . 
 the land she ruled over soon stretched for thousands of miles , taking in forests , mountains , endless grass plains , and great lakes , such that her lands came to be known as the empire of the earth . 
 she had conquered and brought together so many other empires that the empire of the earth almost completely surrounded a huge sea , upon which the empress 's trading ships plied back and forth between increasingly prosperous ports . 
 yet here , the empress realised , was a weakness to her empire , for the sea was not really hers to control . 
 of course , her magnificent navies , just like her invincible armies , had carried all before them , relentlessly obliterating anyone foolish enough to try and oppose them . 
 yet the sea itself remained unconquered , for it could smash apart a whole naval fleet in little more than an evening of storms . 
 her trading fleets often fared even worse , their precious cargoes of uncountable gems , heady perfumes and rich silks decorating nothing but the sea bottom rather than the empress 's lords and ladies . 
 ` i must tame this last great foe ! ' 
 the empress fumed . 
 ` build me a ship , ' she ordered , ` a ship impervious to her highest waves , her sudden storms , her sharp and hidden rocks . 
 build it so large that the waves beat uselessly against it , as if it were an island that refuses to succumb to the worst that she can throw against it . 
 build it with our hardest wood , then plate its hull with our most perfectly formed iron , so that there is no weakness her rocks can probe for . 
 call her the sea empress , for , through her , i will rule over an empire of the sea ! ' 
 and so the incredible resources of the empire of the earth were called upon to build this magnificent ship . 
 whole forests were cut down and , in innumerable sawmills across the empire , transformed into countless beams and planks . 
 iron was mined , along with the coal that would smelt it , and worked into girders and plates . 
 canvas was prepared in sheets encompassing entire fields . 
 huge caravans of camels and horses and carts transported all this from each and every side of the empire to atlantopatris 's capital . 
 the empress 's fleets were also used in the transportation of these materials , of course , but as if knowing of and fearing the intent of men and their ruler , the sea took a particularly heavy toll of these ships . 
 even the shipyard in which the great vessel was being slowly put together had had to be specially constructed . 
 a whole bay had been dammed , then the waters pumped away , creating the dry dock in which the carpenters , ironsmiths , and shipbuilders could safely work . 
 when , at last , the sea empress was complete , the dam was destroyed by setting fire to its props ; and the sea rushed into the bay once more , wondering what she would find there . 
 the sea herself gasped at the magnificence of the sea empress . 
 as the empress had commanded , the sea empress was n't so much a ship but a floating island . 
 it was a city of the sea , with buildings of stone and marble , with roads and streets for carts and horses , with markets and places of entertainment , including a coliseum where her citizens would sit enthralled watching chariot races and mock battles . 
 it even had its own harbour and dock , for the sea empress was never intended to go ashore but , rather , to let relatively smaller ships move between her and the land . 
 as the sea empress left the shelter of the bay , the sea laughed with glee ; ` now we 'll see just how powerful this arrogant empress is ! ' 
 the sea shrugged her great blue cloak , with its deeper shades of green , its decorative sprays of white . 
 she whipped it up into the air , causing a rippling of wind to become a gust and the gust to become a storm . 
 she threw up her spray , as high as it would go , so that when it fell back to earth it had become a hard , torrential rain . 
 the sea beat relentlessly against the sea empress , seeking to smash its side with her iron-hard blows , to send it tossing and turning on her highest waves , to send it heading uncontrollably towards her sharp and hidden rocks . 
 the empress atlantopatris was on board , of course . 
 she was in her opulent palace , with its vast marbled halls , its courtyards of vines and fountains , entertaining foreign dignitaries with dancing and feasts , a demonstration of how her power had increased beyond all measure with the building of the sea empress . 
 secretly , every dignitary aboard that day wanted the remorseless attack of the sea to prevail , even if it resulted in their own deaths ; for otherwise , who could resist the empress and her iron-clad ship ? 
 yet no dancer was forced to make a faulty step . 
 not even the slightest drop of wine was spilt . 
 for the sea empress sailed on as smoothly as if the sea were at her calmest . 
 the only ones to shake and quake and shiver and feel sick to their very souls were the assembled dignitaries . 
 for they had seen the sea empress 's unbreachable fortifications , that even the greatest fleets would uselessly smash themselves against . 
 they had seen its army of thousands of men , a thousand horses , and hundreds of elephants . 
 if the sea herself could n't make this vast war machine tremble , then what chance their empires ? 
 that very night , as the sea herself tired of the fruitlessness of her rage , they each began the process of capitulation and amalgamation into the empire of the earth and the sea . 
 ` how did these weak , puny creatures manage this ? ' 
 the sea seethed as she forfeited her great harvests ; the shoals that the men hauled in in their nets , the lobsters they raised in their pots , the whales they harpooned and quickly transformed into oil for their lamps and perfumes . 
 ` hah , working together through me , these weak , puny creatures have turned your own power against you ! ' 
 the empress atlantopatris triumphantly answered , proudly watching the great windmills that turned the immense paddlewheels that churned the sea . 
 ` no force on earth can stop us now ! ' 
 sailing beyond the pillars that hold up the sky , the sea empress conquered ever more land for the empire , controlled more and more of the sea . 
 eventually , with no more land to overcome , no more seas to master , she headed for home . 
 after combating the ferocious ocean that lay beyond the pillars , the sea around their homeland seemed calm , clear , and reassuringly familiar . 
 after all , for hundreds of years they had recorded and mapped the currents , depths and rocks around these islands , and so they knew of the idiosyncrasies and dangers of these waters surprisingly well . 
 everyone aboard the sea empress laughed at the primitive fears they had once held about these placid seas . 
 submitting to the power of the sea empress , the blue sea turned white with fear , then blushed pink and red with shame . 
 ` it 's coral ! ' 
 someone cried out , recognising the colours and the shapes of the fragile pieces left floating on the waves . 
 ` we 've smashed through a coral reef ! ' 
 ` nonsense , we have our maps , ' everyone laughed at his alarm . 
 ` the rocks and the coral reef are all far too deep for even our hull to touch ! ' 
 but unlike rocks , whose positions rarely change , coral is a living organism , the home and creation of countless , incredibly small creatures . 
 and so the reef had grown in size since it had been mapped all those years ago . 
 ` besides , our great iron plates ca n't be pierced or gashed ! ' 
 but the coral had n't tried to either pierce or gash the great iron plates . 
 instead , turning the sea empress 's own weight and momentum against it , the coral had merely buckled the plates . 
 and the sea , seeing a small gap appear where the great plates had been joined together , gleefully poured in . 
 she rushed into the holds of the great vessel , where its many captured treasures had been stored . 
 she flooded into the cellars of the great houses , where wines from around the world were shelved . 
 she ran down the city streets , transforming them first into streams then into great rivers . 
 she brought down the walls of the coliseum , the towers , the windmills . 
 she welcomed the harbour waters back into her embrace once more . 
 and as the empress atlantopatris sank with her great ship , she wailed at the sea , ` what great and mighty god helped you manage this ? ' 
 ` oh great and mighty empress , ' the sea replied , rippling with laughter , ` let me be the first and last to tell you ; you were defeated by the weakest and puniest creatures of all ! ' 
 * chapter 22 ` is n't there any way that i can get to see him ? ' 
 carey asked wistfully , forlornly staring at the immense doors . 
 ` sorry carey , not today it seems . ' 
 the princess stepped over towards one of the easels , one that supported a large sketchbook rather than a canvas . 
 ` of course , he 's always valued his privacy , putting his work before any socialising ; which , i 'm afraid , was obviously the cause of so many problems in the past . ' 
 taking the sketchbook off the easel , she turned and handed it to carey . 
 ` until you do get to see him , perhaps this might compensate you for your patience ? 
 it 's the story he 's basing all these ideas on . ' 
 with a wave of a hand , she indicated the surrounding pictures . 
 ` you 'd be the first to see how you could turn it into a play for your theatre . ' 
 eagerly flicking through the book , carey was amazed by the beauty of the illuminator 's flowing script , as well as the energy and skill of the countless coloured sketches and ideas he 'd included alongside . 
 seeing the sketchbook like this , as well as having just had her attention drawn to the panelling on the doors , she suddenly understood what had been familiar about the drawing and paintings displayed around the gallery . 
 ` the sea empress , ' she said , finding it hard to hide her disappointment , her sense that she 'd been tricked somehow , coming all this way only to be given a story that just about everyone knew . 
 just as the princess had done only moments before , she indicated the surrounding paintings with a casually dismissive wave of a hand . 
 ` i mean all these pictures of industry , mining , construction . 
 all the flames , the molten metals and the felling and sawing of the trees ; it 's just another , more detailed retelling of the sea empress . ' 
 ` hah , it 's based on the sea empress , yes , ' the princess agreed surprisingly enthusiastically as she made her way back to and began descending the spiral stairway once more . 
 ` but in this case the illuminator is trying to imagine what the sea empress would be like if , instead of being a ship , it was a book ! ' 
 ` but ... but if it 's a book , it 's just the story of the sea empress ; is n't it ? ' 
 carey sounded doubtful as she followed on behind the princess . 
 ` quite often , when the illuminator is trying to think of an original way of telling a story , he first thinks of an amazing or wondrous object , or a powerful sensation , event or song -- such as an elaborately carved church , the flowering of a certain bloom , or the anguished love of a repetitive melody -- and then he thinks ; now , what would that be like if it were a book ? ' 
 ` i ... still do n't understand the difference ; sorry . ' 
 despite admitting this , carey clung on tightly to the sketchbook , realising this might be something incredibly precious and different after all . 
 ` well the sea empress , the ship , of course , was powerful , magnificent , opulent ; and yet it contained the minute yet fatal flaw that would doom it ! ' 
 ` flaw ? 
 i ca n't remember hearing of any flaw in the ship . ' 
 ` the buckled plates , the way a gap appeared at their joints ? 
 that could only have happened , the illuminator has reasoned , if some of the nails holding them together were flawed ; perhaps even just one of the nails ! ' 
 they had almost approached the bottom of the stairwell , and cary was just a little dizzy after walking around in circle after circle . 
 ` so the book has a flaw ? 
 in its binding ? 
 its cover ? ' 
 ` no ; the flaw must be contained within the story . 
 it must n't even be clearly described , either , but hidden until it reveals itself through the resulting chaos ! ' 
 carey did n't feel that this conversation was getting her any closer to understanding what the story was all about . 
 ` well , i must say there are certainly plenty of flaws like that in life , ' carey said , thinking of her own life . 
 ` although i 'm not sure that i 've come across any hidden in stories ! ' 
 ` actually , i think some of what seem to be our happiest stories have flaws in them , if you think about them hard enough . ' 
 as they had at last reached the bottom of the tower and were standing in the long corridor once more , the princess had turned to face carey . 
 she smiled , yet there was a loneliness and sadness in her eyes that carey had n't noticed before . 
 carey glanced about her at the opulent room , with its rich curtains , its thick , luxurious carpet , its sparkling mirrors framed with ornate gold . 
 yes , it 's a palace , an envious place to live ; but just how wonderful a place is it to live in if there 's no one to share it with ? 
 she realised that she would rather live in her cramped caravan with her friends than here , in all this comfort and indulgence , if it meant living on her own . 
 the princess was lonely . 
 it was n't a fairy tale existence after all . 
 ` what do you do here , princess ? 
 i mean , when you 're not running your kingdom ; what do you do in your own time ? ' 
 carey suddenly feared she might have gone too far , asking such a rudely inquisitive question . 
 fortunately , the princess did n't seem to mind . 
 ` why , i read of course ! ' 
 she answered , and gaily enough too to make carey wonder if she had n't imagined after all that the princess seemed lonely . 
 ` that 's it ? 
 just read ? ' 
 carey had only just noticed that they were n't heading back the way they had arrived but , instead , had passed through a door leading off from the corridor directly opposite the tower . 
 they were on the moving carpet once more too , hurtling along at ridiculous speed through a series of narrow hallways that finally deposited them in a sunlit reading room . 
 there were only a few shelves , and these held only a few , leather bound books . 
 other books were laid open on angled tables situated in bay windows , a high chair pulled up at each table , in readiness for anyone who wished to read that particular book . 
 thin curtains had been pulled across these windows , dimming the light , yet carey still glimpsed small illustrations in the books that glittered with what seemed to be real gold . 
 the colours were as bright as enamels too ; gloriously rich reds , blues and greens . 
 ` this is n't the library , of course ; just certain books i 've had brought in here for reading . ' 
 the princess said it remarkably casually , but carey knew enough about books to know that these were ancient and therefore incredibly rare and expensive . 
 they were n't printed , as most books now were , but hand lettered and illustrated , each one an individual work of art painstakingly created by perhaps one man over years of solitary work . 
 carey could also tell by the way the pages gleamed that they were n't of paper but of vellum , which pointed to these books being centuries old . 
 ` it 's poetry , ' the princess continued to explain , drawing closer towards the books on display . 
 ` love poetry ; so beautiful , so heartfelt , it breaks your heart just reading it . ' 
 the lettering of the books was elaborate , a decoration in its own right carey thought . 
 but the illustrations were so wonderfully intricate you could get lost just trying to follow the patterns of elongated and intertwining animals and plants . 
 where the patterns became pictures , they may have been scenes of life from hundreds of years ago , but they were still recognisable to carey as everyday life of today ; farmers ploughing fields , women herding geese , boys and girls playing on greens . 
 great white castles dominated green fields and forests , red-tiled towns sat beneath snow topped mountains , ships with vast sails sought shelter from storms in busy ports . 
 then there were the areas of life carey knew existed , but had never experienced herself ; well-dressed ladies attending court , knights being unhorsed in tournaments , pageants of pageboys and musicians . 
 ` there 's a romance in these poems that 's missing from so many of today 's stories , ' the princess sighed . 
 she reached out and touched one of the pictures . 
 instantly , her eyes glazed over , a dreamy , dazed look crossing her face as if she had abruptly being transported into the scene . 
 it reminded carey of the way she felt whenever she touched a character in one of the illuminator 's illustrations . 
 ` the troubadours would tour the land , singing their songs of love . ' 
 the princess spoke as if she really were in a dream . 
 ` well there 's still at least one troubadour left ; i meet him when travelling here . ' 
 ` you 've met a troubadour ? ' 
 the princess said it as if it were the most amazing thing she 'd ever heard . 
 her eyes opened wide as she looked at carey as if she were the luckiest girl in the world . 
 ` i really did n't realise that there were still any around , although i 'd wished and wished and wished that there was at least one who could sing his songs to me ! 
 handsome , witty , playful , charming . 
 spending all his time writing his songs and stories about the girl he loves ! ' 
 as the princess took her hand away from the picture , carey saw that it portrayed a golden haired man , mounted on a chestnut horse and playing a lute . 
 ` this troubadour was handsome enough , ' carey said . 
 ` but unfortunately he was n't very good at his endings ! ' 
 the princess giggled happily . 
 ` not very good at his endings ? 
 that 's not unusual for a troubadour , carey ! 
 in fact , that means he 's a true troubadour ! ' 
 she wistfully turned the pages of the book before her , revealing more and more of the beautiful illustrations , this time of gloriously dressed ladies walking alone in gardens or staring sadly out of windows . 
 ` many people of today read these songs and think they end strangely , or even that an essential part of it has been lost over the centuries . 
 yet they simply do n't end the way we have come to expect them to end , with everything neatly resolved and explained for us ; as if we ourselves have no imagination ! ' 
 ` but what kind of story is that ? ' 
 carey complained . 
 ` why tell a story if you yourself ca n't be bothered to work out how it ends ? 
 you 're saying they expect the reader to come up with their own ending ? ' 
 ` and why not ? 
 he 's singing his love song to his beloved ; and so only she can decide how it will end -- happily or miserably ! 
 only she has the key to unlock the ending he desires ! 
 do n't you think that 's so wonderfully romantic , carey ? ' 
 she moved towards the window , staring out of it as wistfully as any of the ladies portrayed in the book 's illustrations . 
 ` why ca n't that happen to me , carey ? 
 why ca n't it happen for real ? 
 why ca n't i have a troubadour who seeks my love ? ' 
 carey realised she should tell the princess a little more about the troubadour . 
 ` but you 're -- ' ` yes , yes , i know what you 're about to say ; but i 'm being selfish ! ' 
 the princess suddenly declared , excitedly whirling away from the window . 
 ` so locked up in my own selfishness that i 'm not thinking of the sadness of this real troubadour , who 's hopelessly waiting for his beloved to respond to his verses ! 
 i wonder who she is . 
 i wonder how she 'll respond . 
 poor man ; to love her so and not know if she returns his love ! ' 
 carey had to stop herself from smiling . 
 the princess sounded just like the troubadour , with her romantic ideals , the way she talked of love as if it were all some elaborate game . 
 ` well , i 'm not sure if it 's really for me to say , princess ; only you could answer your question , i suppose . ' 
 ` me ? 
 why me ? 
 do i know her ? ' 
 she rushed towards one of the windows overlooking the town . 
 ` is it one of the girls in town ? 
 how wonderful ! 
 perhaps i could persuade her to make this dear troubadour happy , do you think ? 
 i could offer to support their marriage ; with flowers and a carriage for their wedding , a pretty little cottage for them to live in ! ' 
 looking away from the window , the princess noticed carey 's embarrassment . 
 ` carey ? 
 is there something you 're not telling me ? ' 
 ` the girl does live in town ... ' ` hah , i thought so ! ' 
 ` in fact , i believe she 's in this very palace ... ' the princess gasped , her eyes opening wide in delight and astonishment . 
 ` carey ! 
 you ? 
 this troubadour loves you ! ' 
 she tripped swiftly across the floor , grasping carey 's hands and forcing her into a joyful dance . 
 ` oh how wonderful carey , how i envy you ! 
 we must arrange -- ' she halted in mid-sentence , having realised that carey was holding back from dancing with her . 
 ` oh , you do n't love him carey ? ' 
 ` well ... ' carey shrugged . 
 ` ... it 's not me he loves . ' 
 ` not you ? ' 
 the princess frowned bemusedly . 
 suddenly , the princess looked strangely horrified . 
 ` it 's me ? ' 
 now she was full of disbelief . 
 ` me ? ' 
 she grinned with wide-eyed delight . 
 ` but wait , ' she said dismissively . 
 ` he does n't know me at all ! ' 
 ` he dreams of you every night , he says , ' carey explained . 
 ` still ; a dream . ' 
 the princess frowned thoughtfully . 
 ` in his dream , i could be anybody . 
 i could be some ... some dream person , could n't i ? 
 not a real girl ! ' 
 ` he 's read everything he can about you . 
 and , of course , he 's seen all your pictures ; so he knows what you look like . 
 he knows you 're kind , wise ... ' ` oh , the poor poor man ! ' 
 the princess shook her head sadly . 
 ` his idea of me is all based on stories ! 
 as i said , it 's just a dream version of me he really loves . 
 how could i ever live up to whatever this dream woman of his is like ? ' 
 ` he also said that , when he touched your pictures , he seriously believed that you came to him in his dreams . ' 
 the princess appeared to briefly freeze , she was so startled . 
 slowly , she reached out towards carey , gently touching her on her arm . 
 ` this troubadour , carey ; does he have hair that 's as gold as the sun ? ' 
 ` yes , yes ! 
 he did ! ' 
 the princess beamed . 
 she stepped away , waltzing excitedly around the room , tipping her head back as if looking up into the eyes of the tall troubadour she seemed to believe was already holding her in his arms . 
 ` he 's real , he 's real , he 's real ! 
 the boy of my dreams is real ! ' 
 * chapter 23 there was still a small crowd gathered around the caravan and , although they were n't putting on an actual show , carey 's friends were managing to keep everyone entertained . 
 as before , the crowd had split up into groups surrounding their particular favourite , and they laughed , giggled or clapped every now and again , though carey could n't really see who they were surrounding , let alone what they were applauding . 
 hearing the approach of carey 's carriage , people began to turn to look her way . 
 grudo rose up from amongst them , children hanging off his arm . 
 dougy was the next to appear , effortlessly running through or between everyone 's legs to excitedly dash towards the oncoming carriage . 
 ` it 's carey ! 
 she 's back ! ' 
 carey heard peregun exultantly cry out as the carriage drew to a halt and the door opened . 
 ` sorry girls ; i have to leave you for the moment ! ' 
 there were sighs of disappointment from everyone as carey 's friends made their apologies and , stepping outside of the crowd , started to head towards her . 
 ` how did it go ? ' 
 ` what 's going to happen ? ' 
 ` when 's it going to happen ? ' 
 ` what 's the princess like ? ' 
 ` what did the illuminator say ? ' 
 they all grinned expectantly . 
 carey felt terrible , knowing that she was going to disappoint them all . 
 ` sorry everyone , not today ; tomorrow ! 
 i 'll be seeing him tomorrow ! ' 
 ` tomorrow 's fine ! ' 
 grudo growled happily , placing a comforting arm around carey 's shoulders . 
 ` we 've waited this long ; what 's one more day ? 
 and i never thought i 'd be saying that , so that 's an amazing achievement in itself girl ! ' 
 ` that 's right , that 's right ! ' 
 durndrin agreed , his face almost splitting he was smiling so much . 
 ` who 'd have thought it , eh ? 
 who 'd have thought we 'd actually arrive here ? ' 
 ` hey , are you saying you actually doubted carey , durndrin ? ' 
 ferena laughed . 
 durndrin would have blushed if puppets could blush . 
 ` well , i did n't actually mean th -- ' ` that 's all right , durndrin , ' carey chuckled forgivingly . 
 ` thing is , to be honest , i 'd doubted it myself sometimes ! ' 
 ` and i see you have yet another book ? ' 
 neris said , raising her eyes in mock admonishment as she indicated the sketchbook in carey 's hands with a nod of her head . 
 ` yes , yes ! ' 
 carey declared eagerly , realising that the new story given to her might help allay any disappointment her friends might secretly feel . 
 ` it 's a new story ; a story i want to read to you all straight away , to see if you think we can turn it into a play ! ' 
 * chapter 24 the elemental flaw the men , thousands of them , toiled in the earth , so far underground that many of them feared they might break through at any moment into the fires of hell . 
 and as they burrowed farther and farther into the earth , the men piled up behind them whole new mountain ranges , transforming plains into a whole new landscape . 
 elsewhere , the earth was dropped into the sea on the edges of a great bay , creating the dam that would reclaim the land for man . 
 and to create the supports for the mines , and the framework for the dam , and the carts that transported the rock and soil , whole forests were steadily being felled . 
 the earth was outraged . 
 had n't she helped house and feed man since they had first arrived here ? 
 and had n't she , when she was angry with their behaviour , made them tremble with fear when she had quaked with rage ? 
 and now here they were digging deep into her very body , strewing her entrails out wherever they wished , robbing her of her riches of iron and coal . 
 worse still , they had corralled her sister and brothers into aiding her subjugation . 
 how could they have tunnelled so deeply without the help of her brother air , who had flowed along behind them , ensuring they retained the breath of life ? 
 fire had lit their way , as well as smelting her iron until it also bent to man 's will . 
 then water had hardened the iron in its new form , tools the men used to hack away at her all the more . 
 air was incensed by his sister 's claims that he had betrayed her . 
 he , who had given man the breath of life , and who could take it away by simply withdrawing his gift , had now been made a slave of man with the help of his sisters and brother . 
 earth had released her iron , which fire had smelted , and water had hardened , aiding man in his creation of the great bellows that now made him blow when they wished . 
 fire , who had once prided himself on the way he could warm and comfort men or , if he wished , terrorise them as he ran uncontrollably through their homes and towns , was furious that his sisters and brother refused to admit to their role in humiliating him . 
 had n't earth given up her coal to man , had n't she helped them make him captive in their furnaces of stone ? 
 and even when he had tried to refuse to help man , air had blown through him to create the great heat needed to melt the iron . 
 as for water , she had doused his best efforts to ensure their tools remained weak and poorly formed . 
 water was perhaps angriest of them all . 
 where would man be without her to slake their thirst or nurture their food ? 
 yet , when in a rage , she could smash anything they built , or remove them from this world by simply enveloping them in her frightful embrace . 
 yet her brother fire had made her hiss with an anger and pain she had never suffered before . 
 even worse , her sister earth had held her back from claiming what was rightfully hers , while air had greedily occupied space that had originally been part of her realm . 
 and now , in that space , they were all allowing man to create a ship intended to conquer her . 
 it was already rising up from what had been her seabed ; reinforced with earth 's iron , that had been smelted by fire , in temperatures enabled by air 's help . 
 * at one time there had been no universe , but only chaos . 
 and just as order came out of that chaos through the forming of the elements , now a huge ship begins to rise up out of the chaos of the shipyard , through the forming of man into organisations such as ironsmiths , carpenters and architects . 
 man scampers everywhere , small in size but large in imagination . 
 he teeters perilously on webs of creaking scaffolding . 
 he tends vast furnaces and cauldrons of molten metal that could burn him to the bone . 
 he tirelessly transports and painstakingly hauls into place timbers the size of trees that could crush him to a pulp . 
 he works the treadmills of towering cranes , the whirling blades of sawmills , the huge , pumping hammers that transform animal skins into hardest leather . 
 even in this seeming chaos , however , there is order . 
 all the materials are checked for quality , all the workmanship has to be of the highest standard . 
 the very last nail to be hammered home , like all the millions that have gone before it , is carefully inspected and -- found to be wanting , found to be suffering a weakness in the neck between shaft and head -- is discarded and replaced with a perfect one . 
 and as that man hammers home that nail , completing the sealing of the seams between the great iron plates encasing the hull , another man is making a last check of the inspection tunnel that runs along the inside of the dam , holding his lamp high to ensure the soundness of the beams holding everything in place . 
 and that man drops his lamp and runs as it shatters amongst a pile of rags and barrels of oil . 
 fire leaps from the lamp , eager to make amends to his offended sister . 
 swiftly spreading through the rags , he envelops the barrels of oil . 
 gaining in strength , he finally rushes towards the already trembling timbers . 
 air , stung by his sister 's earlier reprimands , rushes in to help . 
 he fans the flames , granting them his rich oxygen of life . 
 working together , he and fire rapidly eat away at the dam 's crumbling supports . 
 earth , realising the injury she has caused her sister , begins to shrug free of the last of the constraining timbers . 
 she shifts and moves , allowing water to begin to seep through gaps between her rocks and wash away the binding soil . 
 with a rumble of apology , she turns and stands aside . 
 water impatiently pushes aside her sister and brothers , rushing in to claim what is rightfully hers once more . 
 besides , she needs to punish man for his impertinence , and what better way could there be than to dash this puny ship to pieces with a show of rage ? 
 ` where is it , where is it ? ' 
 she cries in irritation as she rushes around the bay , seeking the ship . 
 all she can see is a huge outcrop of land she ca n't remember being there before , colonised now by man 's odious castles , palaces , and a town . 
 ` well , if i ca n't find your ship , ' she thinks maliciously , ` then i 'll wash over your new homes ! ' 
 but no matter how high she tries to cast her waves , the land and its town continue to curiously rise out of her reach . 
 too late , it dawns on her ; this is their ship , and she has been tricked into setting it afloat ! 
 they have all been tricked ; tricked by man into doing his bidding once more ! 
 * as man had intended , his vast ship soon conquered the sea . 
 even in her worst spates of anger , water failed to do it any harm , as she had so easily achieved before with any other ship . 
 she asked her brother air to blow so hard it would send this impertinent ship spinning out of control . 
 but air only wailed that they now controlled him , with vast sails that captured and spun him around , and even windmills that powered everything from workshops to paddlewheels . 
 she asked her sister earth to shred the hull of this impudent ship with her hidden rocks . 
 but her sister only grumbled that they had used her own iron to make it impervious to her sharpest stones . 
 she asked her brother fire to set aflame this imposition on her power . 
 but fire only moaned that , far from being terrified of his power , they flung him from their catapults at enemy ships . 
 they had all , they had to forlornly admit , been belittled and tamed by man . 
 ` should we work with him after all ? ' 
 they asked each other . 
 ` is that the only way we will retain any power over this world ? ' 
 and so , reluctantly , the elements pledged their allegiance to man . 
 * yet there was one small element of the elements who was n't part of this pledge of allegiance . 
 he had n't even heard of the pledge . 
 he was n't even aware of exactly where he was , having been imprisoned by man long ago in a tightly constraining cage of solid iron . 
 he wanted to stretch out and break free , but he could n't . 
 man had unfairly bound him here -- or so he thought , failing to realise that it had been purely accidental -- so all he could do was bind his time . 
 he slipped into a patient slumber , such that he was a little confused when finally awoken by a dull hammering . 
 but he realised that the cage around him was stretching , moving ; and as the roof of iron above him snapped away from the surrounding walls , the bubble of air at last broke free of the neck of the nail that had confined him . 
 as the nail head snapped clean away , the nail alongside suddenly found itself expected to do the work of two nails . 
 and so its head snapped clean away too . 
 the third nail , now faced with holding together what only three nails could reasonably keep secure , was the next to snap . 
 air had broken the pledge . 
 and so now earth broke it too . 
 she had originally thought nothing of the ship 's accidental glance against her coral , believing its iron plating to be impenetrable . 
 but now she decided to push a little harder after all , breaking more and more of the seam , the nail heads popping one by one as her steady pressure buckled the plates . 
 thanking her brother and her sister , water gleefully poured into the growing gap , coldly wrapping herself around man after man . 
 and thanking his brother and sisters , fire welcomed man to the flames of hell . 
 * chapter 25 ` that is the story of the sea empress ! ' 
 ` but then again , it is n't quite the same . ' 
 ` it 's the story of man against the elements , using a story similar or based upon the sea empress . ' 
 ` and is n't there supposed to be a flaw in the story , carey ? ' 
 ` yes , that 's what you said , before you began reading , i believe carey . ' 
 everyone remained a little puzzled by the tale . 
 carey shrugged , as confused as they were . 
 ` that 's what the princess said ; meaning , i suppose , a flaw that would make the tale all fall to pieces , just as the ship does . ' 
 ` what would be the point of such a story ? ' 
 ` hah , perhaps the flaw is that he 's forgotten to include it ! ' 
 ` it seemed a very apt ending to me . ' 
 ` i suppose they 're ending up in the chaos of hell ? ' 
 ` yes , but they 're ending up in chaos ; which is n't the same as the story itself falling apart like the ship ... ' ` i suppose you could say it does , if you do n't believe in such a place ? ' 
 ` this might be being a little pedantic , but if these elements are god-like , then how come fire 's being controlled down there ? ' 
 ` he could be subservient to the devil . ' 
 ` he could be the devil ! ' 
 ` it is a story , with the elements as people , so ... ' durndrin shrugged , no longer sure where his reason was taking him . 
 he felt that he should know the answer , that the others would be expecting him to be able to work it out , so he was glad when their discussion was interrupted by a loud neighing of horses just outside their caravan . 
 ferena excitedly rushed to the door , as if she somehow understood what the impatient whinnying meant . 
 ` it 's the carriage ! ' 
 she breathlessly yelled back into the caravan . 
 ` it seems like you might be seeing the illuminator today after all carey ! ' 
 * as before , carey 's gleaming white carriage calmly passed by the waiting black one , dropping her off at the bottom of the winding staircase . 
 as soon as she stepped inside the palace this time , however , the floor beneath her feet began to immediately start moving , swiftly carrying her along through a completely new set of rooms and hallways . 
 as she rushed along a corridor of silver and gold water fountains , she noticed she was heading for a highly elaborate set of doors that , like the great doors of the illuminator 's camera obscura , was decorated with detailed panels . 
 these were n't of copper , however , but of either glossed plaster or ceramic , for they glowed an immaculate white . 
 she was tempted to step off the moving section of the floor and study the panels to see which story they told . 
 but before she could make up her mind to do so , the doors swung open before her -- and carey gasped in astonishment . 
 the room directly ahead was of pure white , yet sparkled and reflected light as if it were a ghostly apparition . 
 as she rapidly neared the room , she began to realise that it was made entirely of porcelain ; the tables , the chairs , even the mirrors , which were covered in a particularly thick and reflective glaze . 
 there was no carpet , only decorative tiles . 
 the walls , like many of the pieces of furniture , were overlaid with an ornate , lace-like pattern . 
 even the flowers , the roses , lilies and tulips , were of incredibly fine , white porcelain . 
 the only flashes of colour and of real life were the butterflies that fluttered around the room , bright glimpses of green , yellow , blue and red . 
 the flickering flame of the red butterfly made carey stop and look around for a special , particular piece ; a pot that was white on one side , fire red on the other . 
 the floor beneath her feet was no longer moving . 
 she had , for some reason , been left in this room . 
 so she could move around looking for the pot or plate or cup or whatever it was that -- ` oh ! ' 
 the princess smiled , almost giggling at carey 's surprise . 
 being of porcelain herself , she blended seamlessly into the rest of the room . 
 ` i 'm sorry ! ' 
 carey apologised . 
 ` i had n't seen you sitting there ; when i came in the room i was just -- ' she looked about her with a wave of an arm . 
 ` amazed by the beauty of the room , yes ? ' 
 the princess finished the sentence for her . 
 ` yes , yes ; i would never have thought it would be possible to build so many things from porcelain if i had n't seen it . ' 
 ` i thought you might like to see this room . ' 
 ` of course ; but i ca n't find it . 
 is it here , the pot or plate or whatever it was ? ' 
 ` plate ? ' 
 the princess frowned in confusion . 
 ` from the story ? 
 the porcelain doll ? ' 
 ` oh , of course ! 
 i 'd heard of your play ! 
 i was told it was wonderful ! 
 but ... i meant because of another story ; the porcelain room ? ' 
 carey observed the princess with renewed interest . 
 ` the porcelain room ? 
 you mean the second of the stories about you ? 
 is that what it was really called ? ' 
 ` then ... you 've heard of it ? ' 
 the princess did n't look too sure . 
 ` but you have n't heard it , the story itself ? ' 
 carey nodded eagerly . 
 of course , why had n't she thought of this before ? 
 the princess would know the second part of her own story ! 
 ` i must admit , i do n't know too much about it myself , ' the princess admitted with a chuckle . 
 ` what ? ' 
 carey was both dismayed and amazed . 
 ` but how can you not know what happened to you ? 
 how can you not want to know what happened ? ' 
 ` well , because it just never really seemed that important to me i suppose ; i do know some of it , after all ! ' 
 ` which ? 
 what parts of the story do you know ? 
 could you please tell me it ? ' 
 ` of course , of course ; in fact , that 's why i asked you here . 
 the illuminator wanted me to tell you this tale , as he felt sure that you must n't already know it . ' 
 ` he knew that ? 
 how would he know it ? ' 
 ` because , because ... ' the princess seemed a little uneasy , like she was having to think of the best way of wording some uncomfortable truths . 
 ` well , perhaps i should just tell you the story , yes ? ' 
 she said breezily . 
 carey nodded enthusiastically . 
 ` as we know , ' the princess began , ` we left the end of the porcelain child where the father promises the mother that he will seek out the illuminator to grant their daughter life . ' 
 ` your father and mother , ' carey corrected her cheerfully . 
 ` please carey , if i keep referring to them as my father and mother , then it wo n't be the tale i was told , or the story i wish to tell you . '' 
 ` yes , yes , i understand , ' carey said , only really partly understanding . 
 the princess smiled gratefully . 
 ` so , the father , as he promised , searched and searched for the land of the illuminator . 
 he had noticed that a great many of the illuminator 's illustrations featured a glorious tower , either somewhere in the background , or glimpsed through gaps between the buildings in street or town scenes . 
 in at least one story , which told how a complete town had been burnt to the ground , he 'd also noticed that the tower mysteriously reappeared whole and unblemished in the far distance , as if it was indestructible . 
 of course , at this point he was n't aware of the imperishable nature of the illuminator 's tower , but he realised that such a grand edifice might well be his home . 
 ` even as he searched for the illuminator 's kingdom , however , he began to notice something rather strange about his daughter ; was it just his imagination , he wondered , his wishful thinking , or was she really listening as he told her tales of her mother ? 
 he thought he sometimes caught a flicker of her eyes , a slight increase of the upturn of her smile . 
 more amazingly still , he sometimes found that she 'd moved while he 'd been away . 
 on his birthday , he found a small parcel containing her red hairbow tied into a shape resembling a pair of kissing lips . ' 
 the princess halted , seeing carey 's sceptical expression . 
 ` it seems ridiculous , i know , ' the princess granted , ` and yes , even he wondered if he was simply going mad . 
 but what a madness , he thought ; it seemed to him that his daughter had life , and that was such a wonderful thing to believe . 
 his joy soon turned to anger , however , when one day he came across a puppet theatre that was putting on a show he instantly recognised as being a story of his own life ; the porcelain child ! ' 
 ` the story was already spreading ? ' 
 carey asked . 
 the princess nodded , then continued . 
 ` the theatre owner had purchased the illuminator 's book of the tale . 
 of course , when the father asked the theatre owner how he 'd come to hear of the story , the owner did n't recognise him . 
 so he happily showed him the book . 
 ` now , of course , the father was incensed that the illuminator had told his tale without his permission . 
 yet when he saw the beautifully accurate pictures of his wife , his daughter ; well , he broke down in tears . 
 and when he touched the pictures , feeling the sense of life within them ; well , of course , he just had to have the book , no matter how much the owner wanted for it ! 
 ` fortunately the theatre owner was a decent man who , thinking he knew the tale well enough to have no further need of the book , sold it for a reasonable price . 
 better still , he had his own story of a strange town dominated by a looming , forbidding tower ; and the father recognised straight away that this was the tower he 'd been searching for . 
 ` he arrived in the town during the day , and was surprised -- as you 'd been when you arrived here , carey -- that everyone seemed to be expecting him . 
 similarly , they did n't seem at all surprised either when he began to surround his caravan with the most incredibly beautiful ornaments and furniture they had ever seen ; all of it made entirely of the finest porcelain . 
 not just vases and plates , but also chairs , tables , even mirrors ! ' 
 carey glanced about the room , wondering if all of this was his creation . 
 ` the prices for even the simplest piece , however , were completely out of the reach of even the richest of the townspeople . 
 not that they did n't think the prices fair ; everything he 'd made was a work of art in its own right . 
 of course , not a single piece was sold . 
 and so , even as night fell , they remained in place around his caravan , the townspeople having reassured him that nothing would be stolen as everyone would be safely in their beds . 
 ` as he took to his own bed , he was n't bothered that he had n't sold anything . 
 knowing that a busy and important man like the illuminator would n't just see anyone who turned up in his town , he had been creating these wonderful pieces over the years simply to create a sensation that the illuminator would find impossible to ignore . 
 ` now naturally , this was still the time when -- when the town 's darkness was at its most complete -- the gates within the tower 's high walls would briefly open , and the black carriage would thunder across the square . 
 it had only one purpose ; to deliver the latest story to the rest of the world . 
 as far as the black horses were concerned , anything in their way that was n't alive -lrb- and , some people were sure , even anything that was alive ! -rrb- 
 clearly should n't be in their way ! 
 they charged through the display of white porcelain , shattering everything they touched , smashing everything they did n't as the shards flew around the square like glistening pieces of ice , shattering their sister pieces . 
 ` woken by the terrifying noise of pounding hooves and cracking porcelain , the father leapt out of bed , rushing to the caravan 's door and flinging it open . 
 his priceless collection of porcelain had vanished , replaced by nothing but oddly shaped pieces scattered across the dark ground . 
 ` now he had nothing to offer the illuminator ! 
 ` how would he grant his poor daughter life now ? 
 ` he had never felt so helpless in his life . 
 his whole body sagged . 
 his head dropped low . 
 he wept and wept . 
 ` in fact , it was such an incredibly low point in his life , a time of utter dismay like he had never experienced before , that we can never be sure what he might have done next . 
 fortunately , his daughter was close by . 
 and he distinctly heard her say to him that night , `` do n't worry father ; you will give me life ! '' 
 ` and so , the next day he knew what he had to do ; he would put on a show ! ' 
 ` a show ? ' 
 carey asked , amazed . 
 ` a puppet show ! 
 did n't i say he was a puppet master ? ' 
 ` but all the ceramics , the porcelain ! ' 
 ` he and his wife had learned its secrets only to give their daughter life ! ' 
 ` still ; it 's a bit of a coincidence , is n't it ? 
 i mean , with me also owning a puppet theatre ! ' 
 ` the world is full of them , carey ; puppet theatres , i mean ! ' 
 cary shrugged . 
 that was true enough . 
 ` which show ? ' 
 she asked out of professional curiosity , not really sure if the princess would have an answer . 
 ` well , what else carey ? 
 the porcelain child ! 
 and what a show he put on , by all accounts . 
 his audience recognised the story , naturally ; they 'd even seen other shows of it , played by both real actors and puppets . 
 yet , they had never seen it being played with such incredible emotion , such empathy -- and of course , now we know the reason why . 
 it was a story of his own life , after all . 
 yet the most amazing surprise was to come at the very end -- the revealing of the porcelain child herself ! 
 ` they were n't to know that this was the real porcelain child ; and yet , somehow , everyone who saw her that day instinctively knew that she had to be ! 
 she was everything the illuminator 's illustrations had promised . 
 every previous show had ended in disappointment ; the puppet porcelain child being quite obviously another puppet , the actress being just another child rather than anything unusual or magical . 
 but this porcelain child -- why , it was just how they 'd all imagined her , a child existing between two worlds ! ' 
 ` surely , ' carey blurted out unsurely , ` surely he did n't put his ... well , his daughter on stage as a puppet ? ' 
 ` she was off stage , but yes , she was part of the show ; as if , once again , she existed between two worlds ! 
 he did n't have strings , making her move , if that 's what you mean ! ' 
 the princess pulled a face , as if she also found such an idea distasteful . 
 ` and yet -- afterwards , countless people would swear that they saw her move ! 
 that she smiled . 
 moved her eyes . 
 even gave a little wave . 
 ` as soon as the curtains had closed on her , her father walked through the ecstatically clapping crowd towards the gates of the walled tower . 
 there was the most amazed gasp from the crowd as the gates opened -- and he calmly walked inside , the gates instantly closing behind him . 
 ` he mounted the stairway outside . 
 he entered the palace through the great doors . 
 he almost froze in fear as the floor began to move beneath his feet . 
 he stared in wonder at the rooms he was being swiftly carried through . 
 and he almost wept in agonised disappointment once again when he found himself dropped off here , in the porcelain room ! ' 
 ` so this was already here , even then ? 
 despite his skill with porcelain , he was n't the one who created it ? ' 
 ` hah , wait ; you 're jumping a little ahead of me , carey . 
 but what was he to think when he saw this fabulous room ? 
 what hope did he have of offering the illuminator anything special when he already possessed such a wondrous room ? 
 he trembled with fear and dismay . 
 `` ` i 'm ... i 'm sorry , '' he said nervously , intending to apologise for wasting the illuminator 's time . 
 but then he stood tall ; despite his fear , despite having nothing to offer in return , he must still try to fulfil his promise to his wife and grant life to their daughter . 
 `` i know it 's such a ridiculously incredible thing to ask for , but -- '' ` the illuminator stopped him with the simple raising of a hand . 
 `` ` i know why you 're here . 
 and i know you think you have nothing you can offer me in return for granting your request . '' 
 ` the girl 's father nodded miserably . 
 ` the illuminator picked up a particularly ornate vase . 
 `` ` perhaps you could cast your expert eye over this beautiful piece ... ? '' 
 ` taking the piece , the man observed it curiously . 
 `` ` why , i think ... think it looks surprisingly like one of mine , one i -- '' `` ` it is one of yours . 
 quite , quite remarkable ; and i thank you for this room . '' 
 ` bewildered , the man stared around the room `` ` i never made so many pieces ! 
 and everything i made is outside , smashed beyond repair ! '' 
 `` ` you made at least one of each -- which was more than enough for me , for this room . 
 i know what you intended to offer me ; a whole room of porcelain , like this one . 
 but you would have had to spend years creating it ; and it would have been such a waste of your time , creating something i could so easily have created for me . 
 besides , it would n't have been fair -- as i ca n't grant you what you want . '' 
 `` ` then -- there 's no hope for me or my daughter after all ? '' 
 the man asked forlornly . 
 ` once again , the poor man felt crushed by life . 
 the illuminator reached out to consolingly touch him on his shoulder . 
 `` ` please , think of what you were asking for ; even if i could grant such a thing , how would it look that i granted only you this incredible favour ? 
 how many others would seek me out , demanding that i grant it to them too ? '' 
 ` the man nodded sadly , but managed a wry , understanding smile . 
 `` ` yes , yes ; i should have realised . '' 
 `` ` there 's still the matter of payment , i believe ? '' 
 the illuminator indicated the room with a glance of his eyes and a flick of his fingers `` ` i do n't need payment -- i just needed -- '' `` ` unfortunately , although it may not be quite what you 'd hoped for , the payment i have in mind will , i think , still be of interest to you ; would you accept a semblance of life for your daughter ? 
 such that she will talk , walk , move , see , hear , breath ; but she will not yet be truly alive . '' 
 `` ` yes , yes ! '' 
 the man was suddenly overjoyed . 
 `` it 's more , i suppose , than i could have ever realistically hoped for ! '' 
 ` of course , they both knew that this was n't entirely true ; but they also recognised that this was an acceptable compromise for them both . 
 `` ` it will also require something more of you , i 'm afraid ; a sacrifice on your part , but one that , if i 'm being frank , you would have eventually made anyway , in the circumstances . '' 
 `` ` i 'm not sure i understand . '' 
 ` the illuminator quietened the man 's worries with a smile and the slight raising of a hand . 
 `` ` i will explain some more , of course , before you finally agree . 
 but to help you come to terms with your sacrifice , i will enable you to initially grant this semblance of life to seven of your chosen creations ! '' ' 
 ` seven ? 
 seven puppets ? ' 
 carey was startled , abruptly recognising the connections . 
 ` not just his daughter , but also six of his puppets ? 
 no , no ! 
 this is more than coincidence , this is -- ' this is what ? 
 she was n't at all sure . 
 her head whirled . 
 what was the princess saying ? 
 the six puppets could only be her friends , could n't they ? 
 the princess was holding her firmly by the shoulders , as if she 'd had to stop her falling over in a daze . 
 ` carey , please , yes , you 're right ; it 's not a coincidence , i 'm afraid . 
 i 'm sorry , but ... i 'm going to have to disappoint you . ' 
 she stepped back , deftly unbuttoning a small section of her bodice to reveal perfectly white porcelain underneath . 
 just as swiftly , she opened a tiny flap where her heart would be . 
 and just inside , a bright flame flickered above a small spirit reservoir . 
 * chapter 26 carey ran from the room . 
 she ran even though the moving floor was already carrying her along at a terrific rate . 
 she rushed down the staircase outside . 
 refusing to wait for the carriage , she ran towards the gates , even though they were closed . 
 as she approached them , they opened however ; and she sprinted out into the square . 
 out in the square , surrounded by their little groups of admirers , her friends saw her running towards the caravan . 
 realising she was upset , they quickly excused themselves to their disappointed followers and ran after her . 
 ` what 's wrong ? ' 
 each of them said anxiously as they clambered into the confines of the caravan where everyone was swiftly gathering . 
 ` the princess , ' carey explained bitterly , almost tearfully , ` is n't really alive after all ! 
 like you , she 's just kept alive by a flame ! ' 
 ` oh , so this really is as good as it gets ? ' 
 peregun said it in a way that was hard to interpret as either disappointment or contentment . 
 ` we do have a life that no other puppet can dream of ; literally , in fact , ' durndrin pointed out with a more definite sense of resignation . 
 ` we ca n't complain i suppose , carey . ' 
 grudo placed a consoling arm around carey 's quivering shoulders . 
 he was n't quite sure if she was shaking with anger or anguish . 
 ` we can complain if we spent all of our lives trying to find an answer to something that all turns out to be a mechanical trick ! ' 
 carey spat out , raising her head with a hard expression of determination on her face , her eyes glaring with fury . 
 ` if we 'd known the truth , we could have all saved ourselves an awful lot of trouble ; and the false raising of hope ! ' 
 grudo gave her a reassuring hug of the shoulders . 
 ` carey , please ; just calm down for a minute so we can work out what 's going on here . 
 you were with the princess for an awful lot longer than it takes her to show you her flame ; so what else did she exactly say ? ' 
 ` she told me the story of the porcelain room . ' 
 ` ah , so it really is called that . ' 
 ferena could n't resist a smirk of satisfaction ; she had frequently insisted that it seemed the most likely title to the second part of the series . 
 ` yes ; and we could have saved ourselves all this trouble if we 'd only found that story ages ago ! 
 we 'd also know that you and the princess are , well ; more or less brothers and sisters ! ' 
 ` really ? ' 
 neris was intrigued . 
 ` a sister of royalty ? 
 does that make me a princess ? ' 
 she gave an elegant wave and twirl . 
 but dougy was troubled by this news . 
 ` wait , wait ; how are we brothers and sisters ? 
 i ca n't remember there ever been anybody but us ! ' 
 ` oh come on dougy , ' ferena chuckled . 
 ` it 's not like we 've got the world 's greatest memories , have we ? ' 
 ` so who made us then ? ' 
 durndrin frowned as his mind whirled . 
 ` if we 're sisters and brothers , you 're also saying , i suppose , that the girl 's father and mother in the porcelain child also made us , right ? ' 
 carey gave a sharp nod of her head . 
 ` and that 's another shock for me , because all this time i 've been reading that story without realising they must be my great grandparents or great-greats or what have you ! ' 
 ` well that would explain how you and the princess come to look so alike , like you told us , ' ferena said . 
 ` think about it ; when the mother was creating her child , she 'd be basing how she looked on some other girl in the family . 
 it 's a family likeness ; which means the princess really is part of the family , i suppose . ' 
 ` hmn , but did n't the father effectively remain childless , so how ... ' grudo , not wishing to upset carey any further , twirled his huge hands , a sign that he wanted her to work out the rest of his thinking for herself . 
 ` oh do n't be ridiculous , grudo ! ' 
 neris chided him . 
 ` obviously , he must have remarried ! ' 
 ` he did n't seem the remarrying kind to me , ' grudo sniffed . 
 carey placed a comforting hand on grudo 's huge arm . 
 ` i know what you mean grudo ; but just how lonely and hurt would he have been after giving up his daughter -- ' ` he gave up his daughter ? ' 
 peregun was aghast . 
 ` well , the princess avoided mentioning it herself , ' carey admitted . 
 ` but think about it ; she 's here , is n't she ? 
 and she did say that part of the illuminator 's deal for giving her some sort of life involved her father making a sacrifice . 
 the illuminator needed the princess to stop everyone fearing the fading . 
 in return , that 's how you all came to be alive ; my great granddad or whoever he was could give life to seven of you , including his daughter . ' 
 ` bit of a rough deal , ' neris pouted . 
 ` sure , she gets some sort of life , but she has to hang around forever in a more or less empty palace with the weird guy who tricked her father . ' 
 ` it 's not easy to see who it was hardest on ; her father or her ? ' 
 ferena wiped away a tear . 
 ` she would n't really know her father , i suppose . ' 
 durndrin did n't look like he actually believed what he was saying . 
 ` i mean , she 'd only be aware of what was happening once she came to life , so she would n't have had time to get to know him . ' 
 ` ah , but in the story , ' carey said , remembering another part of it , ` her father seems to think that he sees signs of life in her before they arrive in the kingdom . 
 then again , he 's not sure if he 's just imagining it ; and as he agreed to the illuminator 's harsh deal , he must have finally decided it was all in his mind . ' 
 ` if this way was the only way for her to gain her life , what choice did either of them really have ? ' 
 ferena was struggling to stop herself from weeping . 
 ` and none of us -- well , carey excepted , of course -- would be here if they had n't both made their sacrifice ! ' 
 even peregun looked serious and thoughtful . 
 carey , too , had begun to recognise the enormity of the princess 's sacrifice . 
 suddenly , however , she scowled as something dawned on her . 
 ` but in her speech , when she first arrives here , the princess definitely says she 's alive ! ' 
 ` ah , you mean in the porcelain kingdom ? ' 
 there was a slight hint of irony in grudo 's comment . 
 ` in the story ? ' 
 carey recognised grudo 's cynical , wry raising of his eyebrows . 
 ` you 're saying -- saying that might not have been her real speech ? ' 
 ` who could remember her exact words ? 
 besides , we know the whole aim of the illuminator was to allay fear of the fading . ' 
 carey bit her lip . 
 ` but i so wanted to believe ! ' 
 she looked around at everyone , her eyes full of apology and hurt . 
 ` i should have known it was impossible ! 
 i 'm such a fool ! ' 
 she looked up at grudo , reaching out for and taking a grip of one of his huge hands . 
 ` you were right ; and i was wrong ! ' 
 ` no no , carey , you were right to wish for the best for us . ' 
 caressing her hand , grudo stared out of the open doorway , looking up towards and glaring bitterly at the looming tower . 
 ` it 's the illuminator who 's done us all wrong ! ' 
 * chapter 27 the glorious pattern of the kimono it is said that not long after chaos had been banished from the universe by a semblance of order imposed in its place , the threads of life were used to weave a fabulous kimono that could reveal the future to anyone who asked its wearer a reasonable question . 
 whatever the truth of this , it is known that a family who had produced generations of wise women claimed to have possessed this kimono for at least a thousand years , and it was through the remarkable powers of this fabulous object that they themselves received their skills of prophesy . 
 of course , many doubted the truth of this claim , citing as reason for their cynicism the meagre living standards of the women , for they lived in little more than a tumbledown shack on the farthest edges of the empire . 
 the high emperor himself was of this opinion , until he heard from a traveller and historian of great repute that he had seen this kimono for himself . 
 moreover , the traveller 's own image had appeared within the kimono 's pattern , and was now featured there amongst a whole host of important people who had visited the wise woman . 
 ` a famous astrologer , who asked as to the real nature of the planets , was surrounded by the swirls of a most wondrous cosmos , ' he reverently assured the high emperor . 
 ` a warlord who pleaded for help in restoring peace to his region was portrayed in a circle of enjoined hands , while an artist who had requested the secret of granting a semblance of realism to her sculptures is herself rendered on the kimono as if about to leap forth from the embroidery . 
 the greater the man or woman , the greater his or her image appears in the pattern . ' 
 now the high emperor did n't really have any question he needed answering . 
 he had his armies , his fleets , his wealth and power to ensure that he always got the answer he wanted to any question asked or any problem faced . 
 would he win the next battle his armies took part in ? 
 of course , for he would always ensure victory by putting into the field a force ten times greater than his opponent 's . 
 would his empire , his power and his wealth continue to grow and expand ? 
 well , here was another question ; what was to stop him ? 
 would he be remembered by history ? 
 now that was a truly foolish question ! 
 nonetheless , this idea of the fabulous kimono intrigued him . 
 if it portrayed amongst its pattern any one famous or important who visited the wise woman , then how could the pattern be deemed to be complete and accurate if it failed to incorporate the most important man alive ; the high emperor himself ! 
 without a moment 's hesitation , he ordered that a great caravan of camels , oxen , horses and carts should be prepared , such that his entire court would travel with him as he made his way to the far edge of his empire where this wise woman lived . 
 they travelled day and night , while the courtiers and the high emperor ate , slept or even danced in their smoothly sprung carts . 
 they travelled for month after month , a vast , languidly moving caterpillar of men and women devouring everything it encountered , for even the poorest village was expected to provide it with food , clothing and , yes , the youngest , prettiest women . 
 only when the caravan arrived at the base of the mountains was it decided that the court and the great carts would have to remain in the foothills , while the high emperor and a few chosen men continued on through the passes and along the ancient goat tracks . 
 at last , they appeared outside the remote hovel of the wise woman . 
 without waiting for his attendants to arrange an introduction to the wise woman , the high emperor marched straight into her home . 
 ` if everything they say about this fabulous kimono is true , ' he told himself , ` then she should already be aware of my arrival ; for i should already be a glowing sun on her kimono , blinding every other person nearby ! ' 
 and indeed , the woman was expecting him . 
 she was seated at a low table on which a pot of tea and two cups waited . 
 despite her age and her wisdom , she was surprisingly beautiful ; yet the high emperor did n't notice this , his eyes only on the kimono and its pattern as he sought his own , imperious image amongst its elaborately decorative embroidery . 
 he saw all the images the traveller had told him of and more . 
 there was a woman who he had heard was a ferocious bandit leader , her men riding alongside her as if they were a wave flowing forth from the underworld itself . 
 there was the inventor of the great wheels that spun and drew water up from lakes to irrigate whole mountains . 
 there were the three women of the council , who had offered themselves as hostages to save their besieged city ; then executed their enemy 's leaders as they slept in the morning . 
 and the closer he looked , the more people he saw , thousands upon thousands of them . 
 and just as the traveller had also described , the more insignificant the man , the smaller he was portrayed , in many cases hidden amongst the energetic images of other , greater people . 
 so where was he , the high emperor , who could have any one of these nonentities killed on a whim after a particularly disagreeable breakfast ? 
 ah , on her back , of course ! 
 where else would there be a clear expanse large enough to take his image ? 
 he strode around the table , preparing to be amazed by the beauty and colours of his overpowering , omnipresent image . 
 yet the back of her kimono was hardly different from the front , with its mix of people of varying sizes and capabilities . 
 why was the kimono refusing to react to his presence ? 
 when would he appear ? 
 he strode back towards the front of the table . 
 the woman had calmly poured him a cup of tea from her teapot . 
 a question ! 
 he had to ask a question of course ! 
 ` when will i appear on your kimono ? ' 
 he demanded . 
 the wise woman did n't reply . 
 she gracefully slid his cup closer towards him , while indicating that he should take his seat at the table . 
 sitting down at last , he grabbed and drank the tea thirstily , as he had not had anything to drink since first sighting the woman 's home . 
 he slammed the empty cup down on the table . 
 unhurriedly picking up the cup , the wise woman carefully poured any remaining liquid onto a nearby plate then , leaning elegantly across the table , she revealed to her high emperor the pattern the tealeaves had made in the bottom . 
 they showed a man seated at a table , drinking tea . 
 the high emperor furiously snatched the cup from her hands , swirling the image away . 
 ` is this some treacherous trick ? ' 
 he roared . 
 ` you think i do n't have my own useless fortune tellers at court ? 
 you think i 've come all this way just to see some useless heap of tea leaves in the bottom of a cup ? ' 
 he spun the cup across the table so that the wise woman could see for herself the shapeless mound of tea leaves lying in the cup 's bottom . 
 ` see ! ' 
 he stormed . 
 ` i only see something resembling a dung heap lying before me ! ' 
 then , at last , he began to see the pattern of the kimono ripple and change . 
 over the woman 's right breast , a surprisingly small image of a gloriously robed man was starting to form . 
 but the man was purposely striding forwards , growing in size as he drew nearer . 
 his robes were the purple and magenta robes of an emperor , embossed with a golden sun . 
 the high emperor smiled in satisfaction . 
 this foolish kimono had finally recognised who he was ! 
 ` there had been no image of the high emperor , ' the woman politely explained , ` because no high emperor had visited me until now . ' 
 the oncoming man continued to grow in size , allowing the high emperor to make out more and more detail . 
 yes , yes ; all this was now all so incredibly pleasing ! 
 the kimono was accurately representing his very finest robles , with their own intricately embroidered planets and stars . 
 he nodded and grinned in approval ; and then he frowned in disapproval . 
 this image was n't quite so accurate after all . 
 it did n't quite portray his face correctly , showing him as a younger man , and looking nowhere near as serious and as authoritarian as he now liked to present himself . 
 ` but this is n't me , ' he growled , leaping to his feet . 
 ` this is my nephew ! ' 
 ` yes , i 'm emperor now , ' thundered a voice just behind him , ` elected by the people in your absence ! ' 
 he whirled around , reaching for his sword . 
 but his nephew , approaching lithely and swiftly despite wearing the high emperor 's finest robes , already had his sword drawn , and held it to his uncle 's throat . 
 ` tell me , ' he said , ` how do i ensure i do n't let my people down , as my uncle did ? ' 
 the image of the high emperor on the kimono was still growing . 
 his face was now greater than life size , the fierce glow of the sun on his robes having already enveloped every other person and pattern on the kimono . 
 it glowed stronger and stronger , rapidly taking on the brightness of the sun itself . 
 ` the brightest sun consumes everything , ' the wise woman said . 
 ` including , eventually and swiftly , even itself . ' 
 as the face withered and burnt in the ever expanding glow , the new high emperor bent his head in shame , avoiding the glare of the sun . 
 but the old emperor , wanting to share in this intense sense of irresistible power , continued to stare in admiration . 
 slowly , the glow began to ebb , the image of the high emperor shrinking in size until he became hardly larger than his alchemists , his warlords , his administrators . 
 ` yet the sun that comforts and nurtures , ' the wise woman calmly continued , ` is one we all gladly welcome into our lives every day , and pray that it will always shine benevolently down upon us . ' 
 the image of the high emperor remained situated over the beating heart , the glowing rays of his sun linking each and every one in his empire . 
 and that included the poorest man of all portrayed on the kimono ; a man who 's mind had been addled by staring too long at the sun , and so now played happily on his dung heap . 
 * chapter 28 the audience had appreciated this evening show almost as much as the earlier showing of the porcelain doll . 
 they showed their appreciation with claps and cheers , as well as sighs of disappointment when , after the final curtain call , it was announced that the actors would be unable to mingle with the crowd as before because they had important things to attend to . 
 ` so , you 're sure we should leave ? ' 
 peregun asked carey hopefully , saddened that he 'd be leaving his many admirers without even a proper goodbye . 
 ` i know , i know , peregun , ' carey replied sadly , looking around at everyone with an apologetic frown . 
 ` we 've already been through this ; i realise this is the first place where you 've all actually been able to walk around , as if there 's nothing particularly unusual about you , and so i swear we will come back one day ! 
 but at the moment , i ca n't stand the sight of that tower looming over me , reminding me of my stupidity ! ' 
 ` we understand carey , ' ferena reassured her . 
 ` so , let 's just get our posters back , and be on our way ! ' 
 ` the ones in the square and on the tower wall first ! ' 
 carey rose to her feet determinedly . 
 ` then hopefully that 's the last i have to look at it for a long long time ! ' 
 * the string theatre 's posters were plastered for quite a distance either side of the gates on the tower 's wall . 
 underneath them , their frayed and torn edges clearly showing , were posters for previous shows and storytellers who had visited the town , the first one uncovered being a promotion of ` mr morgan 's famous and thrilling rendition of the true story of tam o ' shanter and the cutty sark ! ' 
 each time peregun took down one of their posters , another poster for another , earlier show was uncovered . 
 as he neared the gate , however , he was no longer uncovering promotions for rival theatre productions ; they were copies of the illuminator 's illustrations , many so weathered that their previously vibrant colours had faded to pastel shades . 
 ` oh , and look at this ! ' 
 peregun exclaimed excitedly with a loud guffaw , calling on the others nearby to come and see an illustration that was obviously more recent , its colours and shapes still entrancing and luminous . 
 ` and who do you think we have here ? ' 
 the others were collecting posters from different points around the square , but they all heard peregun 's call and laughter . 
 ferena was the first to rush over to see what peregun had uncovered under the posters , and she too immediately joined in with his laughter . 
 neris and durndrin were next at the wall , and they also started chuckling . 
 it was an odd sight , as they were all still wearing their costumes from the show . 
 ` who 's this shifty character acting so suspiciously by the walls , do you think ? ' 
 durndrin declared mischievously , standing in front of the illustration as carey , dougy and grudo made their way across the square , blocking any clear view they might have had of it . 
 he stepped aside only as they finally came up right behind him . 
 dougy guffawed as uncontrollably as peregun . 
 carey tried her best to hold it back , but she could n't help giggling either . 
 grudo gruffly snorted , mumbling , ` very funny , very funny . ' 
 it was an illustration of grudo , standing on his own by the bare , white wall , looking lost , worried and forlorn . 
 ` there 's another new illustration under here , ' peregun said , as he began to strip off another poster , revealing a virtually entirely white rendition of the porcelain room in all its glistening glory . 
 ` did n't you say you 'd been to the porcelain room , carey ? ' 
 neris asked casually . 
 ` and here she is ! ' 
 peregun gasped once he 'd fully uncovered the illustration . 
 he pointed to carey sitting on one of the porcelain chairs as she talked to the princess . 
 ` it 's a picture of you with the princess ! ' 
 ` what ? 
 how dare he -- ' carey abruptly stared at the picture in confusion . 
 she looked at the posters peregun had already taken off the walls and , rolling them up , placed in his sacks . 
 ` but how 's a picture of that ended up under our posters ? 
 posters we put up when we first arrived here ! ' 
 grudo shrugged . 
 ` perhaps some of our posters blew down ; and someone else stuck them back up . ' 
 even grudo did n't look as if he accepted it as a reasonable explanation . 
 ` let 's see what 's under the poster below , ' carey said , beginning to take it down itself . 
 it was a perfectly beautiful and incredibly vibrantly coloured illustration of the show of the glorious pattern of the kimono that they had put on . 
 ` this ... this does n't make any sense ! ' 
 carey wailed , ripping off the next poster and throwing it to the floor without any care of how much she damaged it . 
 the next illustration portrayed her visit to the gallery and its display of sketches and water colours , the work in progress for the illuminator 's the elemental flaw . 
 ` all of these illustrations -- how dare he use us all in one of his stories without asking our permission ! ' 
 carey was furious now , yet still bewildered that all of these pictures seemed to have been placed on the wall before peregun and the others had pasted up the theatre 's posters . 
 it did n't make any sense . 
 it was n't possible . 
 they were all urgently pulling off the posters now , throwing them to the floor even though a slight breeze was already picking some of them up and wafting them chaotically across the square . 
 they uncovered further illustrations of carey 's trip in the white carriage , their show of the porcelain child , and even one of peregun and neris working in the dark as they pasted their posters over a wall already covered with illustrations . 
 ` no wonder they were expecting us ! ' 
 carey breathed as she came across pictures of their arrival in the town and their trip through the forest . 
 ` he 's even written our names under these pictures . ' 
 it was hard to tell if durndrin was speaking in shock or admiration as he pointed out their hand-scripted names in a clear patch running along the bottom of the illustrations . 
 ` well , he 's not getting this completely right , ' grudo sniffed determinedly as he nodded back to his own illustration . 
 ` i 've never stood by this wall like he 's pictured me there ! ' 
 they had by now arrived at the gates . 
 there were more posters , probably covering more illustrations , on the other side of the gates . 
 but everyone had seen enough . 
 carey strode over towards the centre of gates and started fiercely banging on them . 
 ` he 's still got some explaining to do grudo ! ' 
 she shouted back to the others over the noise of her own hard knocking . 
 ` this tower 's already made me look stupid enough without him telling the whole world about it ! ' 
 she looked up at the tower as she fiercely kicked the great white gates . 
 ` open up ! 
 open up now ! ' 
 but the gates not only refused to open , they did n't even shake in the slightest under her most ferocious banging and kicking . 
 they were completely immoveable . 
 ` you are n't going to get in there , ' grudo calmly pointed out . 
 ` if you want to get in , we 're going to have to think of some other way of getting over the walls . ' 
 * chapter 29 ` how about you just call on the princess ? ' 
 ferena said hopefully , pointing up towards the balcony . 
 ` you seem to have gotten on well with her so far . ' 
 carey glanced up at the balcony uncertainly . 
 ` how much has she known what 's going on though ? ' 
 ` it 's worth a try , surely ? ' 
 durndrin said , already walking off towards the part of the wall lying just beneath the balcony . 
 with a shrug or swapped expressions saying ` well , why not ? ' 
 , the others followed after him . 
 ` if i knew we 'd be running , i 'd 've dumped this damn kimono ! ' 
 neris complained , having to move her feet twice as fast as the others due to the short steps the tightly confining dress was forcing her to make . 
 when they were standing beneath the balcony , they looked up , realising it suddenly seemed an awful lot higher up the tower than they had first imagined . 
 ` grudo , i think you 're the one who 's going to have to give her a shout if she 's going to hear us . ' 
 grudo looked uncharacteristically aghast at carey 's words . 
 he glanced uneasily about the square . 
 ` but people might hear ... ' ` grudo ! 
 this is important ! ' 
 carey insisted . 
 grudo sighed resignedly . 
 he moved closer to the wall , threw his head back -- and shouted as quietly as he could up towards the balcony . 
 ` princess ! 
 oh princess ! ' 
 ` now who does this remind me of ? ' 
 peregun grinned . 
 ` oh , this is n't going to work anyway , is it ? ' 
 neris snorted scornfully . 
 ` if they 're not going to open the gates , she 's hardly going to just suddenly appear up there like some guardian angel and let us in , is she ? 
 ` now if only we had a rope ... ' ferena breathed wistfully , looking up at the balcony with a dreamy look on her face . 
 ` and if only there was already one of us up there , so they could tie one end and throw the other down to us , ' durndrin said , emulating her wistful expression . 
 ` typically airy fairy idea i 'm afraid , ferena , ' dougy agreed with a groan as he weighed up how ridiculously high the balcony appeared to him from his even lower point on the ground . 
 ` unless ... ' ferena blurted out excitedly as , strangely , she bent down to inspect the hem running along the bottom of neris 's kimono . 
 ` i noticed this loose thread ... ' ` oh yes , it is getting a bit threadbare . ' 
 neris was a little puzzled that ferena had chosen to bring up the state of her kimono at this particular moment , but she was even more surprised when ferena suddenly rose to her feet , still clutching the loose thread . 
 neris had to ungainly spin on her feet as her dress began to swiftly unravel . 
 ` ferena ! 
 my dress ! ' 
 the unravelling became even worse as , with a fiercely resolute expression , ferena began to slowly rise off the floor , her wings behind her fluttering at a ridiculously fast rate . 
 ` ferena ! ' 
 carey cried out in shock as ferena continued to rise . 
 neris twirled faster and faster as her dress unravelled . 
 ` i do n't know why she 's doing this , ' she wailed , ` but someone please get me a new dress before i have nothing to wear ! ' 
 ` and rope ; bring back a rope ! ' 
 ferena shouted back down to everyone . 
 ` i 'm going to be the one who ties our rope ! ' 
 she added with a satisfied grin at durndrin . 
 * chapter 30 by the time ferena had reached and landed safely if a little ungainly on the balcony rail , she was exhausted . 
 but she still had work to do . 
 she had to haul in the long thread , gradually bringing up behind it the rope that peregun had brought back from the caravan . 
 as soon as ferena was safely on the balcony , he 'd tied the rope to his end of the thread , which he 'd snapped off what was left of neris 's kimono . 
 neris had disgustedly cast aside the new dress he 'd also brought back with him . 
 ` i 'll stick with the shorter version of the kimono , thanks , ' she 'd declared haughtily . 
 ` who knows , it might even set a new trend amongst girls who 've got the legs for it ? ' 
 ` done it ! ' 
 ferena wheezed from the edge of the balcony . 
 ` the windows are open , and the rope 's firmly tied up here . 
 you can climb up now . ' 
 it was n't as easy climbing up the rope as carey had thought it would be but , using first the wall and then the wall of the tower itself , she found it was easiest walking her way up towards the balcony . 
 the far lither peregun and neris , who had both gone up before her , helped her clamber over the rail . 
 ` er , bit of a problem here , ' dougy barked up from below . 
 ` i 'm not exactly built for rope climbing . 
 as for grudo 's suggestion that he can tie me to the rope and you can haul me up ; well , is there anything more humiliating you can think of ? ' 
 ` here 's another suggestion then ! ' 
 grudo shouted up disgruntledly . 
 ` peregun ? 
 you remember the pirate and fate 's necklace ? ' 
 ` i most certainly do ! ' 
 peregun shouted back gaily as , slipping out his samurai sword from its scabbard , he ran at , grabbed , and athletically swung up the long , flowing curtains . 
 although it was n't sharp , the sword 's blade was good enough to slash away the loops of material holding the curtains in place on the rail . 
 ` no no , wait , i remember that show too ! ' 
 dougy protested as , down below , grudo firmly took him by his front paws . 
 ` aaaaahh ! 
 no no ! ' 
 dougy uselessly pleaded as grudo began to whirl him round and round in the air , as if they were both taking part in some bizarre version of the throwing the hammer . 
 ` ready peregun ? ' 
 grudo cried out . 
 ` ready ! ' 
 peregun yelled back . 
 ` no no , what if you get -- aaarrrggghhhhhhh ! ' 
 grudo had let go of dougy , sending him twirling through the air up towards the balcony . 
 ` arrggghhhh ! ' 
 dougy continued to cry in fear , even as he landed in the safety net that his friends had made of the curtains . 
 ` you next grudo ! ' 
 carey shouted down from the balcony as the shaken dougy gratefully slipped down to the floor from the curtain 's being held by his friends . 
 ` the gates carey ! ' 
 grudo yelled back up towards her . 
 ` the gates are opening ! ' 
 * chapter 31 the huge gates opened silently , without even the slightest creak . 
 grudo watched their opening apprehensively . 
 on the balcony , everyone stopped what they were doing to stare worriedly at the opening gates . 
 even before the gates were fully open , there was a thunderous clattering of hooves and iron-rimmed wheels on cobblestone . 
 the black carriage hurtled through the widening gap , the dark horses ' pumping muscles glistening in the light like the finest velvet . 
 for a moment , as it pounded across the square , carey feared that the carriage was going to career into their caravan . 
 but without any change of course , it narrowly avoided any collision , rushing past the caravan close enough to send the theatre 's flags and pennants rippling in its passing wake . 
 as it continued on its way down the winding streets , townspeople suddenly finding themselves in its path nervously jumped aside . 
 they stared after it in shock , shaking their heads as if they had never seen such a thing . 
 ` i thought the black carriage only came out to play at night ? ' 
 peregun whispered in awe . 
 ` so did i , ' carey agreed thoughtfully . 
 ` carey , i thin -- ' ferena sound so weak and terrified that everyone whirled around to see what was troubling her . 
 she was moving slowly , an expression of deep regret on her face . 
 ` ... used up too much fuel ... ' her voice was faint and fading . 
 her moves were so slight now , they were hardly noticeable . 
 carey fell to her knees by ferena 's side . 
 ` ferena , i filled it only -- ' ` ... my flying , it -- ' ferena abruptly froze . 
 ` ferena ! 
 no ! 
 this ca n't be -- ' ` look out ! ' 
 with the angry snap of splitting wood , a large table leg came flying towards them all from somewhere inside the darkened room . 
 as carey protectively wrapped herself around ferena , everyone else ducked . 
 the leg whirled harmlessly across the balcony , the rope tied to it writhing in the air like a frenzied serpent . 
 ` grudo ! ' 
 rushing to the balcony 's rail and staring down towards the square , they were horrified to see grudo spread-eagled across the cobblestones . 
 the rope lay coiled about him , the wooden leg lying off to one side . 
 ` he was trying to climb up ! 
 it could n't take his weight ! ' 
 durndrin howled anxiously . 
 ` grudo ! ' 
 carey screamed . 
 ` it 's all right , it 's all right carey ! ' 
 grudo shouted out reassuringly , rising to his feet and shaking off the rope snaking about him . 
 ` i 'd only got a few feet when it snapped ! ' 
 he looked down despondently at the broken leg and the rope tied to it . 
 ` looks like you 'll have to go on without me , ' he cried out resignedly . 
 carey sadly glanced back at the frozen ferena . 
 ` he 's right ; we 'll have to come back for them . ' 
 she leaned over the balcony rail , shouting out to grudo once more . 
 ` we 'll be back , once we 've sorted all this out ! ' 
 grudo gave them a gloomy wave ; then they disappeared into the room . 
 he was left standing on his own by the bare , white wall , looking lost , worried and forlorn . 
 * chapter 32 ` watch out for moving floors ! ' 
 carey warned as soon as they entered the room . 
 carefully , they all placed their feet tentatively down on the floor , ready to snatch then back as soon as the floor began to try and whisk them away . 
 after a while , after they had n't encountered a single section of moving floor , they all began to feel just a little foolish . 
 ` you 're sure about this , carey ? ' 
 peregun asked doubtfully . 
 ` moving floors ? ' 
 ` well every time i 've been here , they 've moved ! ' 
 an embarrassed carey insisted indignantly . 
 ` shhussshhh ! ' 
 neris was glaring at them with wide , chiding eyes , her finger up against her mouth in a sign to stop talking . 
 she pointed off to another part of the large room . 
 it took carey a moment to realise what she was pointing at . 
 it was the princess , slumped lifelessly in a chair , her white dress making her look much like the white lace upholstery of the furniture , the large flower displays of blinding white blooms . 
 ` we 've already made enough noise to wake the dead ! ' 
 peregun irritably whispered back . 
 yet , like the others , he was tiptoeing as quietly as he could towards the princess . 
 carey nervously reached out to touch the princess . 
 ` perhaps she 's also run out of -- yaarrghh ! ' 
 everyone instinctively jumped back as the princess abruptly sat up in her chair . 
 ` sorry , sorry , ' the princess exclaimed breathlessly when she saw how she had shocked them all . 
 ` i just needed a nap ; i 've been so busy lately , what with -- well , i 've been so busy for years and years , come to think of it ! ' 
 ` princess , i 'm sorry for waking you up like this , ' carey stated firmly . 
 ` but none of us want the illuminator to publish a book about our visit here ! ' 
 ` oh , but did n't you see the carriage leave ? ' 
 the princess seemed a little puzzled . 
 ` it 's already on its way ; i ca n't think of anything that can stop those horses once they have a task to complete ! ' 
 ` the carriage was taking our book ? ' 
 carey was n't sure whether to be outraged or amazed . 
 ` but ... but that 's ridiculous ! 
 what sort of book ends with me in the porcelain room with you , or with our play ? ' 
 ` besides , ' durndrin added , trying to find a fault in the princess 's reasoning , ` i thought the horses did n't leave until midnight with any book ! ' 
 ` normally they do n't ; but the illuminator realised you 'd refuse permission to publish if he waited . ' 
 ` we do n't give our permission ! ' 
 ` well , there you are , you see , ' the princess said breezily . 
 ` and now , as for carey 's question -- about it being ridiculous to end the story on our meeting in the porcelain room -- naturally , i completely agree ! ' 
 ` then why has it gone ? ' 
 neris asked . 
 ` you 've sent out a book that you admit ends ridiculously ! ' 
 ` oh , it does n't end there of course ! ' 
 the princess gave a grin that implied it would be crazy to think otherwise . 
 ` it ends sort of happily , of course ! 
 otherwise , it would have been called the porcelain world ! ' 
 ` a `` sort of '' happy ending ? ' 
 peregun frowned quizzically . 
 ` even i do n't know how he 's ended it exactly , ' the princess admitted , adding with a sad bow of her head , ` and i 'm afraid that many of these stories do n't always end up how some people would like . ' 
 ` i suppose she means that even a happy ending is n't a happy one for the bad guy , ' neris observed with a scowl . 
 ` so now we 're the bad guys ? ' 
 carey frowned petulantly . 
 the princess looked appalled . 
 ` oh no no ; you 're the good `` guys '' , if that 's the way you want to put it ! ' 
 ` erm , she 's the one dressed in white , ' peregun pointed out . 
 ` none of this makes any sense anyway , ' dougy growled . 
 ` i mean , how does he create an ending to something like this , something that 's really happening ? ' 
 ` that 's right , ' durndrin snapped accusingly at the poor princess . 
 ` it 's going to be the wrong ending , no matter how he ends it ! ' 
 the princess smiled , totally unfazed by durndrin 's aggression . 
 ` he 's amazingly good at guessing the right ending ! ' 
 ` guessing ? ' 
 carey laughed bitterly . 
 ` so now he thinks he can predict our future ? ' 
 ` but we all see into our future just a little bit carey ! 
 whenever we start to say a sentence , we do n't have to stop and think about what we 're going to say , yet we always begin it with the right words and make it all come out sounding right . 
 the illuminator just stretches that ability , anticipating our regular patterns of behaviour . ' 
 ` so you 're saying we 're all `` oh so predictable '' ? ' 
 neris stepped closer to the princess . 
 ` you know , i 'm not sure we can believe a single word you say . 
 you say you 're just like us , a flame-driven puppet ; but i 've been watching you , and you move as smoothly as a ballet dancer , girl ! ' 
 ` i assure you , neris , ' replied the princess , at last sounding affronted by the accusation , ` that i do have a flame , just like you . ' 
 to prove that she was telling the truth , she was already opening up her dress , together with the compartment where her heart should be . 
 ` there ! ' 
 she said proudly , displaying her flame to the curious neris . 
 ` now do yo -- ' the princess froze as neris blew out the flame . 
 ` hah , did n't i always say i was the greatest living actress ? ' 
 neris declared confidently as she stood back from the motionless princess . 
 ` depends on what you mean by living i suppose , ' dougy said drily . 
 ` neris ! ' 
 carey exclaimed when she had finally gotten over her shock . 
 ` look , sorry , ' neris said , ` but we 've come a long way for this , have n't we ? ' 
 * chapter 33 out in the corridor , it dawned on them that no one , not even carey , knew the way around the palace . 
 ` so , which way to this illuminator 's gallery ? ' 
 neris asked as , like the others , she pondered whether they 'd be better going left or right . 
 the floor started moving , taking them all off towards the left . 
 ` hah , all you had to do was ask ! ' 
 dougy said with obvious satisfaction as they were swiftly carried along the long hallway . 
 it was a journey every bit as astounding as all the ones carey had been on so far , taking them through colourfully tiled courtyards , overgrown cloisters , and seemingly endless rooms , usually decorated in some particular way , such as purely in wondrously grained wood , or entirely of glass . 
 eventually , the moving floor came to a halt outside a door that carey immediately recognised . 
 ` wait ! ' 
 she declared urgently , holding out her arms on either side to stop everyone from heading towards the beckoning door . 
 ` beyond this door , there 's a long hallway guarded by soldiers ! ' 
 ` soldiers ? 
 now you tell us ! ' 
 durndrin breathed nervously . 
 ` soldiers ? 
 now that sounds more like it ! ' 
 said peregun , stepping forward , rolling up his sleeves . 
 carey held him back . 
 ` heavily armoured soldiers , who just pop out of the wall as anyone enters . ' 
 ` ahh ! ' 
 peregun grinned doubtfully as he studied his stage sword . 
 ` now this is where a small dog always comes in handy , ' dougy said brightly . 
 ` i 'm too fast and too small for them to catch ; let me in first , and i 'll lead them away from you . 
 carey , are there any doors i should head for ? ' 
 carey wanted to ask dougy if he was sure about attempting this , but she could see from the determined look on his face that there was n't any point trying to talk him out of it . 
 besides , what other option did they have ? 
 ` on your left , dougy . 
 we head to the right , a door leading into the illuminator 's tower . ' 
 ` got it ; exit , stage left , ' dougy said , preparing himself . 
 ` let me at ’em carey ! ' 
 carey threw open the door and dougy rushed in , barking and yelping the loudest he could manage . 
 whenever he passed one of the flaming lights on the walls , it would instantly slip out of its alcove and smoothly take the shape of an armoured knight that , raising its spear , would chase after dougy . 
 with a chaotic clattering of iron plates and clumping boots , the soldiers sprinted along the hallway , with little hope of catching the far faster and playfully weaving little dog . 
 glancing over his shoulders with a taunting bark , dougy ducked through the doors on the left , the much more cumbersome armoured men tearing after him as fast as they could manage . 
 in a moment , the hallway was as silent as it had been only moments before . 
 ` was it just me , or did dougy seem to be enjoying that ? ' 
 peregun asked mischievously as he peered around the door to make sure the way was clear . 
 everyone rushed towards the door that opened up into the illuminator 's tower , clambering up the stairs as quickly as they could . 
 it should have been dark on the spiralling staircase , but every so often a blazing flame lit their way . 
 ` er , i might be being overly anxious here , ' durndrin admitted a little anxiously , ` but did n't you say it 's the lights that change into soldiers ? ' 
 on the stairs behind them , they heard the heavy clanking of armoured men rushing up after them . 
 whirling around , they all saw the light just behind peregun coming from out of the wall and transforming into one of the small knights . 
 ` i 'll take care of them ! ' 
 peregun declared confidently as he withdrew his sword once more . 
 ` you go on ; but blow out the flames in front of you ! ' 
 neris , who was leading the way , had already figured that out and was swiftly blowing out each flame as she came across it . 
 carey and durndrin each blew out the flame nearest to them , catching each of the soldiers in mid transformation . 
 the little knights instantly froze , partially remaining as a part of the wall . 
 ` peregun , do you need any help ? ' 
 durndrin shouted back down the tower through the cacophony of clashing swords and armour . 
 ` never better , my friend ! ' 
 came the reassuring reply . 
 although he was using the flat of his curved blade so he would n't cause the little men any permanent injuries , peregun was using all the tricks he 'd learnt in his many swashbuckling roles . 
 every now and again , he 'd kick out at the lead solider , sending him flying back into and knocking over his own men in the stairwell 's cramped confines . 
 ` i 've got the blood of pirates , of musketeers , flowing through my veins ! 
 no one can -- ooopppss ! ' 
 as he kicked out once more , the knee of his other leg locked . 
 completely out of balance , he tumbled forwards down the stairs . 
 he crashed into the oncoming men , bowling them over . 
 they all tumbled down the stairs , the horrendously loud noise of falling knights mingling with peregun 's own cries . 
 ` ouch ! ' 
 ` oww ! ' 
 ` ouch ! ' 
 as they finally reached the bottom of the stairs , a slightly dazed peregun looked about him at the tangled pile of groaning men he 'd landed on . 
 ` hah ! 
 works every time ! ' 
 ` you sure you 're all right down there ? ' 
 one of his friends called out from somewhere higher up the tower . 
 ` fine , fine ! 
 you go on ! ' 
 peregun yelled back in-between swiftly blowing out all of the flames that had been powering the knights . 
 ` opps ! ' 
 he said , as every one of his limbs locked in position , leaving him stranded on top of the lifeless knights . 
 * chapter 34 neris was fiercely gasping for breath by the time she reached the top of the stairs . 
 ` i 'm ... i 'm all ... all right , ' she breathlessly reassured a concerned carey , standing aside to wave durndrin through towards the great doors . 
 ` though goodness ... knows ... what i 'd ... be like ... if i ... i did n't do ... my ex ... exercises -- ohh ! ' 
 ` neris ? 
 what 's wrong ? ' 
 neris smiled wanly . 
 ` my ... flame ... fighting for ox ... oxygen , i thi -- ' she froze , her eyes wide with surprise . 
 ` durndrin ! ' 
 carey cried out as she dashed towards where he was painstakingly inspecting the doors . 
 ` i need to take a light from your flame -- ' ` carey ! ' 
 durndrin interrupted her urgently , having fleetingly glanced back to see the motionless neris . 
 ` she 's the ultimate professional , who always insists the show must go on ! 
 and the show this time is getting you through these doors before those soldiers tire of chasing dougy and head back here ! ' 
 carey uncertainly looked neris 's way . 
 then she looked back to durndrin and nodded ; yes , he was right . 
 ` so we need a code , ' she said , studying the door panels as closely as he was , pressing on a piece of embossed coral in the hope that it would set in motion some secret mechanism . 
 ` it 's not the coral even though , yes , that 's what sank the ship . ' 
 durndrin spoke disinterestedly , his focus still on working out how to open the doors . 
 turning his head , he looked back towards the gallery . 
 ` the nail ; according to the illuminator , the weakness was a nail . ' 
 ` a nail ? ' 
 carey moaned desperately , looking the doors up and down . 
 ` have you seen how many nails there are in these doors ? ' 
 bulbously-headed iron nails formed a great deal of the design , giving a sense of robustness to the general pattern . 
 the huge iron hinges that stretched across each door were also held firmly in place by thick bolts and screws that could also easily be described as being nails . 
 even worse , various types of smaller , less obvious nails had been used to fix the copper panels within their decoratively carved wooden frames . 
 ` besides , ' carey added more hopefully , ` these doors have obviously been here long before he started thinking of his story . ' 
 ` hmn , you 're sure of that are you , carey ? ' 
 durndrin was doing his best to carefully check each nail . 
 ` what if he 's had his idea for the story flowing around in his head for years ? ' 
 with a flick of his head , he indicated the gallery lying behind him . 
 ` what if all this work 's not meant to be published , but is just here as a clue to cracking the code ? ' 
 ` why give anybody a clue ? 
 and just how literally are we supposed to take his tale anyway ? 
 ` your first question ; who knows ? 
 a test ? 
 your second ; very literally , i suspect . 
 this is the illuminator , remember ? ' 
 carey tried to push on both doors at once , in a vain attempt to see if their movement revealed anything that seemed slightly loose . 
 the doors did n't even move . 
 ` it 's like trying to move aside two massive ships ! ' 
 ` two ? ' 
 durndrin repeated curiously , stepping back and taking a fresh look at the doors . 
 ` there was only one ship . ' 
 ` now that 's really being too literal , durndrin ! ' 
 ` hmn , i 'm not so sure , ' durndrin answered , moving away from where the doors came together and , stepping over towards one side of the door frame , swiftly running his hands over every piece of wood , copper or iron decoration he could see . 
 ` one ship , one door ? ' 
 he touched one of the huge hinges that fixed this particular door to the frame . 
 ` iron , ' he whispered , deep in thought . 
 ` the elemental flaw . ' 
 his fingers moved lightly and quickly over the hinge 's elaborately ornamental swirls . 
 ` iron 's an element ; does that mean it has a flaw ? ' 
 he grimaced in disappointment as , arriving at the point where the hinge was fixed to the frame , he had to admit he had n't found any deliberate weakness along its entire length . 
 ` no no ; wait ! ' 
 he declared excitedly . 
 ` it 's a flaw which makes it entirely useless ! 
 the nail without its head is n't a nail ! ' 
 he ran his fingers and his eyes over the area where the hinge flared out to accept the iron bar holding both it and therefore the door in place . 
 ` so for a hinge that would mean it is n't really a hinge , which would mean -- yes ! ' 
 there was an almost invisible gap between the great piece of iron that was fixed to the door and the flared section that supposedly held it to the frame . 
 ` so if i 'm right that all this is really one great door -- ' grabbing a decorative swirl of the hinge and using it like a handle , he pulled hard ; and the hinge on his side cleanly snapped apart , the great door beginning to swing open on the hinge fixed to the other side of the frame . 
 ` it is one door ! ' 
 carey gasped with relief . 
 durndrin was obviously struggling to pull the door open . 
 even though there was n't much of a gap , he urgently groaned , ` it 's got a really strong spring -- quick , carey ! 
 get through the gap ! ' 
 carey slipped through it , spinning around with the intention of pushing against the door to allow durndrin to follow her . 
 ` carey ! ' 
 durndrin yelled in alarm . 
 ` i ca n't hold it anymo -- ' the door slammed shut behind carey , leaving her last friend on the other side . 
 * chapter 35 normally when a door slams shut on you , you suddenly become aware of the silence . 
 in carey 's case , she suddenly became aware of the clash of steel , the frightening whinnying of a horse , and the aggressive snorting of some unknown beast . 
 she whirled around . 
 a knight and his mount , both of whom were suffering the fading , were desperately fighting a ferociously taloned dragon . 
 carey had always thought of dragons as being mythical creatures , but apart from the fact that he was as faint and mirage-like as his opponents , this one seemed real enough . 
 the thunderous noise vanished in an instant as the knight and dragon disappeared , an old woman feeding hungrily clucking chickens appearing alongside in their place . 
 she , too , seemed to be a victim of the fading , and she too suddenly vanished , replaced by sailors being uncontrollably tossed across the angled deck of a storm-tossed ship , abruptly , the booming roar of wind and waves vanished , but this time the men were left struggling against the storm in total silence until they in turn were replaced by a young couple trying to make their way through a mountain 's thick snow . 
 a tinkling of cups to her right made cary turn away from the transparent reflections of life and look over to another part of the room . 
 a man was standing by a small table , set out for tea-for-two . 
 he was reasonably young , even handsome , and dressed like a meagrely paid teacher ; not at all what carey had been expecting . 
 ` it 's a good to see you again , carey , ' the man said as he poured tea from a teapot into the two cups on the table . 
 ` again ? ' 
 ` ah yes , of course , you do n't remember of course . ' 
 putting down the teapot , he began to add milk to the tea . 
 ` a necessary precaution , i 'm afraid ; but one i finally hope to set right . ' 
 he poured just a hint of milk into one cup and , with a wave of his hand , he invited carey to take a seat . 
 carey 's eyes were on the tea set ; half white , half flame red , with three fleeing figures portrayed in magenta . 
 ` so it was true ? ' 
 carey asked as she drew closer to the table . 
 ` the tale of the porcelain doll was true ? ' 
 the man carefully placed the milk jug next to the elegantly tall teapot . 
 the faint images gradually circling the room were now passing behind him ; a family boating on a lake , an elaborate ballet production , a battle waged between armies mounted on mammoths . 
 carey noticed that the teapot was missing its fleeing family . 
 ` some say such a story is n't possible , ' the man said , his voice rich and melodiously entrancing , ` but who decides what 's possible and what is n't in a story ; or , for that matter , what is and what is n't in reality ? ' 
 now seated at the table , carey took a sip of her tea . 
 she could n't mistake the perfumed tones of an excellent earl grey . 
 ` you have to stop your carriage , ' carey declared firmly , as if suddenly remembering why she was really here . 
 ` we do n't want our story told ! ' 
 sitting down at the table , the man shook his head apologetically . 
 ` too late for that , my dear ; i mean , i 'm afraid your story was being told long before you entered the forest . ' 
 ` but i just saw your carriage leave ! ' 
 carey protested . 
 ` ah , yes ; just a little bit of theatre to spur you on -- and to prove to you that the princess is n't completely aware of everything i put in motion . 
 this story of you for instance ; i hope you do n't mind , but i 've added my own , personal postscript ? 
 i 'd like someone very dear to me to finally have something a little better than a `` sort of '' happy ending . ' 
 ` someone dear to you ? 
 the princess ? 
 what right do you have to decide what makes someone happy ? ' 
 the man hung his head almost shamefully . 
 ` i do n't presume any such thing , carey ; as you can see , this room and i just act as a conduit , a channel , for all the world 's imagination and emotion . ' 
 he drew carey 's attention back to the images languidly whirling around the room . 
 the knight was now badly injured and , in a daze , he and his exhausted horse were being led by a cackling demon . 
 a wolf slinked back into the forest , a chicken between his teeth . 
 the ship rose out of the water , caught in the fateful embrace of the multi-tentacled kraken . 
 the young couple were crossing a precariously delicate bridge spanning the gap between mountains . 
 ` ask any writer , any composer , any artist , carey , and they will tell you that their creations seems to flow through them from something lying outside and beyond them ; and that 's because they mistakenly believe that they are the reality , rather than this something , the linking of the consciousness of each and every one of us . ' 
 ` but you 've taken control of it ; turned yourself into some sort of ... of god ! ' 
 as he rose from his seat and stepped towards the ever-changing images , the man shook his head sadly . 
 ` that 's the elemental flaw , to believe that there are gods or such things that have control over us . 
 yet if that were true , we 'd have no control over anything -- when we quite clearly do . 
 but by thinking they might exist , we give them life , relieving ourselves of any sense of responsibility while placing control of our lives in their hands . ' 
 he reached into an image of a library and , when he withdrew his hand , he was holding a book . 
 he placed it on the table in front of carey . 
 the porcelain room . 
 carey stared at the title of the book placed before her . 
 ` while you read it , i 'd like to finish some work , ' the man said , stepping away again and this time completely immersing himself in one of the images . 
 the grappling armoured bears froze around him , their sword strokes and defensive moves of their shields halted in mid-action . 
 with a whirl of his hands , a two-dimensional version of the scene began to appear before him , hovering in the air , the colours smoothly flowing from his fingertips . 
 carey would have liked to watch him work . 
 but most of all , she wanted to read the book . 
 * chapter 36 when she opened the book , the very first illustration made her gasp . 
 ` father ! ' 
 she shook her head , telling herself not to be so silly . 
 of course , it was her grandfather , or great granddad , or whatever relation he was to her . 
 obviously , there 'd be a family resemblance . 
 she was tempted to flick through the first part of the story , as the princess had already told her that part . 
 but even at a glance of the text and illustrations , carey could see that the book 's version of the tale differed slightly to the one told by the princess . 
 a book will always be different to a remembered tale . 
 but it also contained details that the princess had probably deemed unimportant when it came to her retelling of the story ; yet to carey , they were very important indeed . 
 the wonderfully vivid illustration of the puppet theatre putting on the porcelain child showed grudo before he had attained his mechanical life . 
 yet here he was given a semblance of life , for carey 's grandfather had ingeniously connected his own limbs to grudo 's using thin rods , such that the looming giant -- positioned high above even her grandfather on a raised section behind the stage -- appeared to be the real puppet master . 
 another revelation was the unveiling of the porcelain child at the end of the show , for she was truly beautiful , truly astonishing , as she sparkled whiter than a crisp layer of snow . 
 naturally , all the illustrations were wondrously beautiful . 
 there was a particularly highly detailed series portraying her grandfather working on the mechanism for the puppets that the illuminator had revealed to him . 
 carey could clearly make out the way he 'd painstakingly constructed the spirit reservoirs , the complicated array of cogs , pulleys and wires , all in sizes that would have confounded an accomplished watchmaker . 
 then , studiously and laboriously , he had fixed all these workings into his chosen puppets . 
 once he knew the secret , carey wondered , why did n't he give life to more of his puppets ? 
 was it something to do with whatever agreement he 'd made with the illuminator ? 
 when it came to bringing life to his daughter , it was n't just his skill that shone out from the illustrations , but also his incredible love for his child . 
 and whether it was the addition of that love , or whether it was something extra included in that agreement with the illuminator , there was obviously already something different in the way his daughter came to life as he lit her flame and closed the compartment over her heart . 
 ` father ? ' 
 she said , smiling at him dreamily as her eyes unhurriedly blinked open . 
 ` how long have i been sleeping ? ' 
 her father reached out towards her , stroking her face with the most incredible tenderness . 
 ` a long long time , my darling , ' he said , fighting hard to hold back his tears . 
 ` far longer than i would have wished for ; but you 're awake now . ' 
 rising up from where she had been uncomfortably slumped in the caravan 's cosiest chair , she wrapped her arms around her father . 
 ` i do love you dad ! ' 
 she cried happily . 
 * chapter 37 the princess had known her father after all ! 
 she had loved her father ! 
 and yet her father had freely given her up , leaving her to live here instead with the illuminator ! 
 carey was shocked . 
 she had even stopped reading the book for a while , glancing up at the illuminator as he swiftly worked on the illustration of some strange contraption that seemed to be flying in the air . 
 how could he have insisted that the princess was separated from her father and left with him ? 
 over the next few pages of the book , it was patently clear that father and daughter loved each other so much that they delighted in enjoying the simplest pleasures together ; repairing a wheel of the caravan , taking a walk in a country lane , mixing paints for the posters and puppets . 
 he was joyfully amazed when she simply called him ` father ' , and happier than any man could be when he held her in his arms and told her he loved her . 
 and in each illustration , the girl was incredibly becoming more beautiful , more real , such that there was increasingly little difference between her and a real girl . 
 as carey read on , she began to spot more and more elements in the tale that the princess either had n't thought to mention or was n't even aware of herself . 
 then again , of course , carey had fled the room before the princess had had the chance to explain more . 
 she turned a page ; and her grandfather was standing for the first time in the very room that carey was now seated in . 
 * chapter 38 the porcelain room pages 25 to 35 when he had finally gotten over the shock of seeing all the flickering images revolving round the room , the father looked more closely about him with even more confusion . 
 ` but my materials ; to do as you ask , i need the clay , my work tools . ' 
 the illuminator smiled as he shook his head . 
 ` no ; you need only your love , which you have in abundance . ' 
 with a wave of his hand , the images surrounding them vanished . 
 in their place was an image that made the father gasp with joy . 
 it was his daughter , happily playing in the palace 's garden where he had left her only moments before . 
 she was watching the butterflies flitter between the blooms , their bright tones contrasting with equally vibrant shades of the flowers . 
 she laughed in delight as swallows swooped low across the garden 's fountains , dipping their beaks in the pooling water . 
 ` now , you 're sure you 're willing to make the sacrifice we spoke of ? ' 
 ` i 'm sure , ' the father answered . 
 he loved his daughter more than he could ever have possibly imagined he would . 
 to give his daughter a real life , he would happily give even his own life . 
 ` as we both know , ' he continued resignedly , stepping closer to the translucent image of his daughter , wanting to touch and hug her once more , ` handling the chemicals for my porcelain has already shortened my life anyway ; i 'm willing to embrace the fading for the sake of -- ' he gasped in surprise as , reaching out to touch his daughter 's cheek , materials began to flow from his fingertips . 
 as his hands now instinctively moved through the air , he saw he was recreating a physical image of his daughter right before him . 
 but no ; it was n't an image , he realised . 
 this girl he was creating was every bit as real , as beautiful , as his own daughter . 
 there were slight differences too ; this girl was made of porcelain , just as his own daughter had originally been formed from it . 
 her dress was different too , being the white lace and expensive pearls of a dress fit for a princess . 
 he cried as he was filled with a sense of incredible joy , feeling the presence of his wife as she worked through him , her love combining indistinguishably with his love in this act that would finally grant a real , true life to their daughter . 
 the princess standing before him opened her eyes dreamily , as if simply waking up from a long long sleep . 
 ` oh , i 'm ever so sorry , ' she said drowsily , ` i must have been asleep . ' 
 * he pushed on the lever , let out the stop ; and the steam wagon grumpily chugged into life . 
 all his puppets were safely stored in the back , out of view of everyone . 
 not that anyone was giving him and his wagon even a second glance today . 
 as he carefully made his way around the edges of the huge crowd that had gathered in the square , all eyes were on the palace 's balcony . 
 they gasped , sighed and cheered as he slowly made his way towards one of the snaking streets that would take him out of town . 
 there was no need to stay here any longer . 
 the illuminator had already fulfilled his side of the bargain ; in fact , it had turned out , he had fulfilled it months ago , as he had already illustrated and published their story . 
 it had already been read by thousands of people , and was probably being read at this very moment too . 
 it meant that , like his wife , he would gradually succumb to the fading . 
 but more importantly , it ensured that in the imaginations of so many , many readers , their daughter was truly a living , breathing girl . 
 the crowd cheered ecstatically as , high up on her balcony , where she had appeared for the very first time only moments ago , the princess gave a last few , final waves . 
 ` oh , she 's just so beautiful , do n't you think father ? ' 
 his daughter sighed as , seated alongside him , she leant over slightly in her seat to get a better view . 
 ` very beautiful , ' her father grinned , his eyes on his daughter rather than on the princess . 
 as the princess left the balcony and moved back into her rooms , his daughter at last sat up properly in her seat . 
 ` do you think that , one day , ' she asked , ` people will tell fabulous stories about her ? ' 
 ` of course they will , ' her father replied , giving her a loving hug . 
 ` just as , one day , i 'm sure they 'll be telling wonderful stories about you too , carey ! ' 
 * chapter 39 carey sat bolt upright in her chair , clutching at her heart as if to check that it was still beating , that it was n't just an area warmed by a spirit-fuelled flame . 
 ` i 'm ... i 'm not a puppet ! ' 
 she exclaimed , angry and bewildered . 
 ` of course you 're not a puppet , carey ! ' 
 the illuminator was standing quite close , having finished his work . 
 stepping closer , he affectionately and reassuringly placed his hands on her shoulders . 
 ` he really was your father ; and your mother was really your mother , for she gave birth to you , and your father gave life to you . 
 just as much as any father and mother give birth and life to their child . ' 
 ` the porcelain child ! 
 then she ... she really was my mother ? ' 
 she grimaced in anguish as she recalled the innumerable times that she had touched and felt the presence of that beautiful , wonderful woman portrayed in the illustrations ; and she had never , ever realised that this woman was her mother . 
 ` no ! ' 
 she furiously leapt from her chair , sending it spinning and falling behind her . 
 ` this is n't natural ! 
 i 'm not natural ! ' 
 her body almost froze with horror at the realisation , her face crumpling in distress , the tears welling up in her eyes , falling down her cheeks . 
 the illuminator took her in his arms , holding her close , holding her tenderly . 
 ` it 's hard to understand just yet , ' he admitted sympathetically . 
 ` but in those very first days of a child 's creation in the womb , when it 's the very smallest and most malleable collection of cells , what do you think is really giving it the will to take form ? 
 have n't i already explained that ? 
 you were simply helped to take form in a material hardly less malleable , brought into being as you flowed into life through the incredible love of your mother and father . 
 and now that everyone has read the new story of the achievements of you and your friends , how can they fail to see that you deserve to live at last like a real girl ? ' 
 carey pulled back slightly , more confused than ever . 
 ` but ... but i 've always thought of myself as being a real girl ? ' 
 ` and you are , you are ! 
 but everyone who 's read the porcelain child and the porcelain room still see you as a girl of fourteen , carey ! ' 
 ` well yes , of course , i ... i ... ' she was trying to work out in her bewildered mind what the illuminator could be hinting at . 
 ` but the princess ? ' 
 she said uncertainly . 
 ` she 's almost a hundred years old ? ' 
 the illuminator nodded in a way that implied he not only agreed but also wanted her to keep putting further pieces of the puzzle together . 
 ` but she was created as a copy of me , which means ... ' ` which means , carey , that we need to show everyone how you 've grown and matured inside . 
 i know they want everything to turn out well for you and your friends . 
 we had to let them know it 's now time for them to help and let you really grow . ' 
 the great door swung partially open . 
 the princess slipped in through the gap . 
 the door opened wider , allowing a few wildly grinning young men and women to step through , most of whom looked strangely familiar to carey . 
 behind them all , after he let go of the door , came a similarly wildly grinning grudo . 
 and immediately , carey recognised the rest of her friends . 
 she rushed towards them all , unsure who to hug and hold first , calling out their names in surprise and delight . 
 ` neris ! 
 peregun ! 
 durndrin ! 
 you 're really alive ! ' 
 now they were humans , they were all taller , all younger than they had been , being around eighteen or twenty . 
 they hugged her back , a look of happy surprise still etched on all their faces . 
 ` and you , ' neris said mysteriously , fondly stroking carey 's face , ` you look so wonderful ! ' 
 ` grudo ! ' 
 he , at least , was n't taller than he had been . 
 but he was now much warmer and softer to hug . 
 ` you did it girl , you did it ! ' 
 he proclaimed proudly , giving her an extra tight hug . 
 ` and ferena ! ' 
 carey exclaimed as she at last noticed the small fairy flying around their heads . 
 ferena lightly landed on carey 's shoulder . 
 ` is n't it wonderful , carey ? ' 
 she trilled joyously . 
 ` the princess says this is obviously what everyone wanted for us . ' 
 ` but dougy , where 's dou -- ' carey stopped in mid-sentence as a young boy sheepishly stepped towards her . 
 ` i never really wanted to be a dog , ' he explained with a weak smile , his voice apologetic yet getting brighter and more excited as he added , ` but i 've always liked messing around ; so this is perfect , really . ' 
 the princess had politely remained standing to one side . 
 she warmly smiled when carey at last glanced her way . 
 ` i suppose we 're sort of sisters , yes ? ' 
 ` sort of , ' carey agreed with a chuckle . 
 reaching for each other , they embraced each other as if they were indeed long-lost sisters . 
 ` but i do n't understand , ' carey admitted as they slightly stood apart once more . 
 ` why ... why are you still like this , still of porcelain ; when you could obviously be really alive , be real too ? ' 
 ` oh , but i 'm perfectly happy with who i am ; and i am alive , ' the princess declared cheerfully , opening the compartment by her heart . 
 the flame still remained unlit . 
 yet the princess was moving and talking ; and giggling happily . 
 ` then you ... ' carey began unsurely . 
 ` let you through to meet the illuminator ? 
 of course ! ' 
 she stepped closer to carey once more , reaching up to lovingly touch her face , making her turn her head slightly so that she caught a glimpse of herself in a mirror that appeared amongst the whirling images . 
 ` and i think it was all worth it , do n't you ; my wonderful , older sister ? ' 
 despite its translucency , the mirror reflected carey 's own image back to her faultlessly . 
 no wonder the princess had had to reach up to touch her ! 
 carey was taller than she had been , more assured in her stance and the directness of her look . 
 she possessed a different kind of beauty too , one she instantly felt perfectly at ease with . 
 ` and now , if you do n't mind , ' the illuminator pronounced with a satisfied grin , ` i do have a great deal of work to do here ! ' 
 they all left the room , observing and embracing each other with undiminishing amazement , laughing , and wondering what they should all do together next . 
 ` my garden , everyone , you must see my garden ! ' 
 the princess announced gleefully . 
 the garden ; at last carey could remember the day she 'd been in the garden . 
 it was the day she 'd first noticed how wonderfully gorgeous flowers were , how amazingly brightly coloured butterflies could be . 
 it had also been the day her father had helped give life to the princess -- her younger sister . 
 ` and a show ; we must start working on a new show , ' they all agreed . 
 ` one we 'll call the porcelain princess ! ' 
 * postscript by the illuminator well , is n't that how stories about young , beautiful princesses are supposed to end ? 
 our rich yet once lonely princess now has friends , even a long-lost older sister , and a whole library full of all those love poems she just so loves to read . 
 what more could she possibly want ? 
 what 's that ? 
 really ? 
 you think that 's the perfect ending , do you ? 
 you know what ? 
 i think i agree with you ! 
 yes , yes ; that would indeed be a very happy ending for the princess . 
 thank you so much ! 
 she really will enjoy that ending , i 'm certain . 
 oh dear -- in fact , i can already hear his singing ! 
 and he really ca n't hit those high notes , can he ? 
 end if you enjoyed reading this book , you might also enjoy -lrb- or you may know someone else who might enjoy -rrb- these other books by jon jacks . 
 the caught -- the rules -- chapter one -- the changes -- sleeping ugly the barking detective agency -- the healing -- the lost fairy tale a horse for a kingdom -- charity -- the most beautiful things -- the last train the dream swallowers -- nyx ; granddaughter of the night -- jonah and the alligator glastonbury sirens -- dr jekyll 's maid -- the 500-year circus p -- the endless game -- dorian a -- wyrd girl -- the wicker slippers heartache high -lrb- vol i -rrb- -- heartache high : the primer -lrb- vol ii -rrb- -- heartache high : the wakening -lrb- vol iii -rrb- miss terry charm , merry kris mouse & the silver egg seecrets -- the cull -- dragonsapien -- the boy in white linen 
