 spear mother : a tale of the fourth world by brandon m. lindsay copyright © 2014 brandon m. lindsay all rights reserved smashwords edition , license notes thank you for downloading this ebook . 
 you are welcome to share it with your friends . 
 this book may be reproduced , copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes , provided the book remains in its complete original form . 
 if you enjoyed this book , please return to your favorite ebook retailer to discover other works by this author . 
 thank you for your support . 
 discover other titles by brandon m. lindsay : dark tree : a tale of the fourth world the clans : tales of the fourth world table of contents 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 about the author some believe that perhaps we are not all there is to berahmain 's great plan . 
 obviously , there are all manner of objects that populate the fourth world which have no apparent relation to the war beyond time : plants , stones , water , beasts and birds , and so on . 
 yet they are still here . 
 and so are the aberrations . 
 why ? 
 we may ask . 
 the church is , generally , silent , though of course there are factions within it over the issue . 
 some believe the aberrations are a test to overcome , and that test is their destruction . 
 others believe that they are agents of the enemy . 
 i , however , am not in any way affiliated with the church , and thus i have no one i need to impress with my tractability . 
 what if the aberrations are simply here ? 
 what if they were here first ? 
 maybe , just maybe , certain elements of reality are protected from a twisted and perverse god who thrives on the bloodshed of his own creations ? 
 some may call such an idea absurd , but that is only because their tiny minds can not grasp the existence of a thing absent contrivance . 
 one wonders if they even blame the god for the unworthy content of their own stymied ideas . 
 - gohngran -lrb- authenticity of the sample is , however , suspect -rrb- 1 the shelter korilia led them to barely warranted the title . 
 it was little more than a gouge in the hillside lined with tightly-fitted rocks to keep the soil from spilling in . 
 a sloping curtain of vines woven together provided both a makeshift roof and door , though sandrena imagined it served poorly for both roles . 
 she had to admit , though , that the mat of vines did blend in with plains of chest-high grass that stretched on interminably in every direction here and everywhere else in canterell lands , and thus made the shelter at least suitable as a hiding place . 
 thumbs hooked under the straps of her pack , sandrena stared at the shelter in disappointment . 
 she had hoped that shelter meant a roof and cots and maybe a cup of wine . 
 after three weeks travelling through canterell , she knew that was far too much to ask . 
 she sighed and shifted motherspear under her pack so that it did n't rub against her shoulder blade . 
 hopefully the woven vines would keep some of this damned rain off their heads . 
 it seemed that ever since they set foot in canterell lands and met korilia , the sixth and final member of their odd group , it had never stopped raining . 
 sandrena had never seen rain before . 
 both of her lives up until now had been spent solely within mist clan lands . 
 there were no clouds , and thus , no rain ; all of the moisture was trapped within the mists that coated her clan 's lands , thus providing nourishment to the unique flora and fauna that lived there . 
 when she was younger she had heard of clouds that floated above the mountaintops rather than below , and the rain that fell from them . 
 the idea had filled her with wonder then , but now , having lived through it day after soaking wet day , she had grown beyond numb at the idea . 
 she wished that she would never feel another drop of rain fall on her head . 
 squinting up at the dark and angry sky , she knew that was a wish that would not be granted . 
 at least we 'll be out of the wind , she thought as the drops continued to pelt her face . 
 as another gust blasted her , she followed the other five women into the gouge . 
 * * * the shelter was worse than it looked . 
 the raindrops may have lessened in frequency , but the drops that did get through seemed twice the size . 
 the wind , unable to harry the six of them further , howled all the louder as if in frustration , though sandrena knew it was just how it blew across the lip of the gouge that made it seem that way . 
 it was barely an improvement , but sandrena was learning to get by with much less these days . 
 only korilia , who had grown up in canterell , seemed unaffected by their conditions . 
 she sat on a moss-covered rock , water beaded up on her fat-treated hides , whittling a stick she had found a few days back with her iron knife , focusing on the task as if it was the only one that had ever been set before her . 
 it was a stick of brush wood ; not real wood , as she had said . 
 sandrena assumed she meant tree wood . 
 trees were damn near sacred in these heathen lands . 
 dormaun , the wyrricswoman in their band , had built a small fire with the horse chips she had found earlier today . 
 it was n't entirely pleasant-smelling , especially since it was difficult to keep them dry . 
 still , it was better than nothing . 
 as was the case most nights since they had met , none of them spoke much , though the silence was n't as strained as it had been at first . 
 while it was n't exactly companionable , it was n't openly hostile , either . 
 none of the other women seemed as tense now , and sandrena noticed that korilia was sleeping with her knife sheathed rather than in her hand . 
 sandrena glanced around at each of their faces , briefly meeting their eyes one by one . 
 what a strange group they were . 
 she still could n't fathom this situation . 
 each of the six clans was represented here . 
 as far as sandrena knew , such a group had never existed in all of history . 
 half their respective clans had only ever seen the other half as enemies to be slaughtered . 
 that they should be bound together in this task was incredible . 
 that they should share the same roof without killing each other was amazing enough . 
 the dreams , though , were clear about what would happen should they fail in their task . 
 sandrena shuddered at the thought . 
 lady , but how she wished she were home ! 
 not only did she miss her parents , but being so far from the mists that gave her people their strength made her feel vulnerable . 
 if she ran into trouble , she could n't call upon the powers that made her clan nearly invincible . 
 she would be weak . 
 well , she thought , brushing a finger against the bone-white shaft of motherspear , lying across her folded legs , not as weak as i could be , i suppose . 
 she had never seen such a weapon before . 
 the shaft , made of sturdy but light bamboo , was as white as bleached bone . 
 the perfectly smooth head of motherspear tapered from round base to its deadly point . 
 it , too , was white , as white as any snowcapped peak in tokkarint , and sandrena had no idea what kind of material it was made from , though it certainly was n't metal or wood , and it seemed doubtful that it was made of stone . 
 it was too light . 
 when she ran her fingers across , sandrena often thought of it as bone , or a tooth , but even that did n't quite explain the sensation of its texture . 
 even though it did n't look like much , it emanated power . 
 just touching it made the hair on the back of sandrena 's hand stand on end . 
 though she sometimes found herself wondering what it could do , she almost feared to witness such a thing . 
 she had no doubt that this strange weapon was connected to what was happening to the rest of them . 
 from the moment sandrena woke from the first of those dreams , the day when she had found what would become motherspear , she noticed the change . 
 her skin had begun to lighten . 
 by the fourth day , her family had noticed the washed-out color . 
 even her hair had been affected , and then , increasingly , the clothes that she wore . 
 it was n't a week later that sandrena had been completely drained of color , looking like a living , breathing statue of calcite . 
 her mother had confined her to her rooms to quash the rumors that were beginning to spread of a pale ghost haunting the household . 
 and it was n't a day after that when sandrena snuck out of her window , a pack over her shoulder and motherspear in her hand , in obedience to her dreams . 
 she tried not to let the sorrow of remembering that terrible moment , when even her mother had looked at her with fear and uncertainty , overcome her . 
 thus she began her travels , finding the other five women where the dreams said she would . 
 they , too , had begun to have the color bleached from them . 
 now , each of them looked as if they had been painted from head to toe with whitewash . 
 even the irises and pupils of their eyes , even the buckles of their belts and other bits of metal , were purely white . 
 perhaps that was another reason why talk was so infrequent between them . 
 they would be forced to see in each other what had become of themselves . 
 sandrena never could stand the absence of human voices for very long . 
 often , when she was alone in her rooms back home , she would sing softly to herself . 
 her mother always told her she had a lovely voice , which sandrena always suspected was just one of those motherly things to say , though many others had always complimented her on her ability to carry a tune . 
 she loved music and always had , but that was n't the main reason she sang . 
 she did it more just to hear a voice , even if was just her own . 
 that way , even if she was alone , she did n't feel lonely . 
 now , even though five other women crowded the shelter with her , the silence between them was smothering . 
 it reminded her that even though they were united in this task , they were still strangers . 
 it made her miss her family . 
 so sandrena began to hum . 
 it was a jolly little tune , bouncing and skipping , playful and happy , a perfect counterpart to the dreariness of their situation . 
 sandrena did n't know where she had first heard the song -- she knew she had n't written it herself , but no one else seemed to know what it was . 
 it was n't like other songs she had heard , and she had heard many . 
 for as long as she could remember , that mysterious little song had been with her . 
 a couple of the other women looked up at her briefly when she began humming . 
 by now , they were used to this odd habit of hers . 
 sometimes , some of them even seemed to relax when sandrena would hum or sing , as if they , too , needed the sound of a human voice to comfort them while they were away from home . 
 the song served another purpose , sandrena knew , and not just for herself . 
 it distracted from the thought of why they had been bound together on this quest in the first place . 
 the lady , one of the fourth world 's two stewards , had come to each of them in dreams and told them what they were here to do . 
 they would kill a god . 
 and most of them would likely die in the process . 
 the details beyond those were shrouded in mystery . 
 the lady had said only so much in those dreams . 
 unconsciously , sandrena glanced down at motherspear lying in her lap . 
 the song faltered briefly , but she tore her gaze away and the song continued on , almost as if she had n't stumbled at all . 
 a bird called shrilly over the sound of the rain and her gentle humming . 
 sandrena cut off her song and cocked her head , puzzled . 
 what kind of bird would be out in this weather ? 
 korilia stood , brow furrowed , and stalked to the opening , knife still in hand . 
 when she threw open the curtain of vines , a man 's voice muttered some words in a shocked tone , though sandrena could n't understand what he said . 
 korilia stood holding aside the vines , letting the rain pummel her already soaked hair , seeming to study the man who had called . 
 `` come in out of the rain , you fool , '' she said before turning to head back to her seat . 
 her jaw was set in anger as she began to whittle again , but sandrena did n't know why . 
 perhaps that was just korilia ; she seemed to be in a perpetual state of unfettered rage . 
 sometimes it was exhausting just looking at her . 
 a young man covered in hides like korilia 's -- though his still held their color -- pushed the vines aside to peer into their shelter , his eyes wide . 
 if his garb was n't enough indication that he was a canterellsman , then his light complexion -- light compared to anyone but the six of them , that is -- and the slave markings scarring his face were . 
 besides , very few outsiders ever decided they had business in canterell worth pursuing . 
 aside from us , apparently , sandrena thought with a hint of self-deprecation . 
 the man got over his shock at their appearance quickly and stepped into the relative comfort of the shelter . 
 he bowed his head to each of the six women and , with ritualistic care , set down a bundle wrapped in the same greased hide that he and korilia wore , tied with twine . 
 `` for you , daughters of the lady , '' he said , keeping his eyes lowered . 
 deference seemed natural for him . 
 sandrena shook her head ; she still could n't get over the fact that canterellsmen believed that people could be property . 
 he continued speaking . 
 `` i was told in a dream that you would be here , needing food . '' 
 he hazarded another glance , this time at dormaun , before fixing his gaze hurriedly back on the ground . 
 sandrena could understand ; dormaun , by any clan 's standard , was beautiful , and the fact that she looked sculpted of alabaster only enhanced her striking looks . 
 except for korilia , who seemed more interested in her whittling than ever , all of the women eyed the bundle hungrily . 
 it had been days since they had had a proper cooked meal . 
 only korilia seemed suitable to hunting in the plains , and there was little enough hunting to be had . 
 the few canterell camps they had come across had either met them with fear or hostility . 
 it was now their policy to stay away from people as much as they could , but it was a policy that was difficult on their stomachs . 
 despite that , no one moved to open the bundle . 
 doing so would reaffirm the power of the dreams that compelled them all as it was a dream that brought the food before them . 
 setting aside motherspear , sandrena bent down to open the bundle . 
 it was filled with cabbages , tubers , and sun-dried meat . 
 briefly , she wondered how old the meat was , as she had n't seen the sun since she set foot in this clan 's lands , but quickly decided she did n't care . 
 it was food . 
 for some strange reason , she found herself moved nearly to tears for the gift the young man gave them , even if it was n't his own idea . 
 she stood , staring at bowed head , and decided she had to do something to repay him . 
 with a finger she gently lifted his chin up so that she could meet his eyes . 
 `` blessings of the lady upon you , '' she said . 
 sandrena was n't exactly sure if it was appropriate to confer such a blessing , but she was at a loss as to what else to say . 
 the man had a kind answering smile . 
 `` thank you , spear mother . '' 
 `` a slave has no possessions , '' came korilia 's voice . 
 dropping her hand at her side , sandrena turned to face her . 
 she had stopped her whittling and was now facing the slave , elbows propped on her knees . 
 she gestured at the bundle with her knife . 
 `` where did you get this ? '' 
 the slave bowed his head in her direction , but not before a spark of defiance flashed in his eyes . 
 `` they are a gift from my master 's stores , daughter of the lady . '' 
 `` so you stole it ? '' 
 `` no , '' replied the slave . 
 `` for stealing assumes unlawful ownership . 
 and as you said , a slave owns nothing . 
 therefore he can not steal . 
 only move things around . '' 
 under better circumstances , sandrena would have laughed at the slave 's cleverness . 
 now , all she could manage was a smile . 
 it was a genuine smile ; she liked his spirit . 
 he showed that a man 's body could be enslaved , but his soul was something he could keep as long as he wanted . 
 her smile faltered . 
 was the same true for her ? 
 could she really turn her back on the dreams that the lady had been sending her ? 
 or was she a slave to them ? 
 korilia stood , gripping the white knife tightly . 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 `` how quickly did you yield to her promises , slave ? 
 how quickly did you turn your back on the iron gods ? '' 
 the slave straightened then , all playfulness gone from his expression . 
 he met korilia glare for glare . 
 `` you 're right , '' he said . 
 `` a man like me has much to thank the iron gods for . '' 
 with that , the slave nodded once at sandrena and stepped back out into the rain , striding forth with all the dignity of a kahn . 
 korilia tossed her stick into the flames , sending up a shower of sparks , and sheathed her knife . 
 `` every life he lives will be as a slave , '' she muttered . 
 when the food was passed among them , korilia refused . 
 2 that night , sandrena did n't dream . 
 aside from the ones compelling her on this quest , she had never had true dreams , dreams as others described them , while she slept . 
 no , all she had were memories . 
 they were memories of a life she never lived . 
 her legs dangled , kicking back and forth , as she sat tensely in the rocking chair , her small hands smoothing her blue wool skirt over her knees . 
 the details of the room were visceral and real , almost as real as if she were experiencing them at the moment : the creaking of the chair , the fibers in the rug that covered the room 's wooden floor , the sunlight streaming through the glass window , broken by the swaying motion of the trees surrounding her house ... it was real in a way that memories were , and that , as she understood them , dreams were not . 
 though despite that , sandrena did n't know how these memories fit into the two lives she had lived as a woman of the mist clan , the only lives she had ever known outside these memories . 
 nothing about the memories was congruent with the events she had lived in her waking lives . 
 even as the memory was playing in her mind , sandrena was aware of this . 
 whenever these memories came to her in her sleep , she felt like an observer , yet was affected by them as if they were happening to her . 
 sometimes , she could n't even tell if her thoughts and feelings were from now , or from then . 
 it left her feeling confused and helpless . 
 almost as helpless as she felt right then . 
 her mother screamed in the room next door . 
 sandrena wringed her hands ; was something bad happening to her mom ? 
 the healer had said she would be okay , but sandrena never liked the healer ; she was old and crotchety , always clucking disapprovingly whenever sandrena came to her with skinned knees . 
 she stared down at her knees -- which were light brown , not unlike the skin of a shannodsman -- and could almost feel the stinging ointment the healer had put on them last week . 
 if what mom was going through was as bad as that , she wanted to run in the other room and give her whatever comfort she could . 
 but she could n't get up out of the chair . 
 that 's what dad said : no matter what , stay put in that chair . 
 so sandrena just rocked and fidgeted and worried all the more while her mother screamed . 
 finally , the screaming stopped , and another sound took its place , one that was different from every other kind of sound sandrena had ever heard . 
 a baby crying . 
 grinning like a fool , unable to contain herself any longer , sandrena leapt off the rocking chair and sprinted for the room , nearly tripping on the rug as she did . 
 the healer was in there , along with dad , and mom on the bed . 
 and someone else , cradled in mom 's arms . 
 sandrena crept closer , expecting a disapproving glare from her father , but his eyes were filled with something else as he stared down at the little bundle in mom 's arms . 
 without breaking his gaze , he pulled sandrena into a close embrace . 
 tears streamed down mom 's beautiful face . 
 `` look , sandra , '' she said . 
 `` look at your baby sister . '' 
 sandrena bent closer to look . 
 and there she was : a sister . 
 the image of the baby suddenly blurred and sandrena 's chest hurt . 
 she wiped her eyes , still smiling , and gently took hold of the tiny hand , which gripped her finger surprisingly tightly . 
 the baby cried , swinging her tiny fist around , shifting her head in the nook of mom 's elbow , though her legs did n't seem to move . 
 * * * sandrena opened her eyes to the sound of canterell 's grasses shifting in the breeze . 
 she lay there , not wanting to let go of the memory and return to the real world . 
 that memory was the more beautiful of the two that came to her . 
 it was rare that she got to experience it rather than the other , and she wanted to savor it as long as she could . 
 she did n't even mind that the memory revolved around an impossibility : human beings giving live birth . 
 when she considered the idea , it seemed absurd . 
 of course everyone came into the fourth world by rising from the ruins . 
 that was as uncontroversial as the sun rising in the east . 
 but for some reason , when that memory played through her mind , the sight of a baby being born into the world filled her with an overwhelming peace . 
 she did n't understand it . 
 intellectually , she knew it should disgust her -- live birth was for animals , after all , not people . 
 but it did n't . 
 instead , the experience was somehow profound . 
 only when the first rays of dawn peaked through the ivy curtain did sandrena realize that the rains were gone . 
 the other women began to stir . 
 sandrena wiped her cheeks and , silently , like the others , began to prepare for their departure . 
 * * * the frustration sandrena felt about their situation soon forced her to push the memory into the back of her mind . 
 in less than an hour 's walk from their shelter , she had already forgotten what her baby sister 's face had looked like . 
 four more days passed with nothing to mark them save the nights . 
 the endless plains were mind-numbing . 
 occasionally a small tree , twisted and stunted , peeked up over the top of the grass . 
 sandrena found herself staring at the little trees whenever she passed one , as if the sight of it were a lifeline to sanity . 
 all of canterell had been like this , without exception . 
 just grass , grass , and more grass . 
 it was no wonder that the people of this clan were as strange as they were . 
 they 'd all gone mad living here . 
 they finally came to a roundhouse , made of stone and sod , settled down in a shallow basin a short distance off . 
 sandrena had learned that an entire tribe typically lived within a roundhouse . 
 she had n't believed that when she first heard it ; her own mountain home in the mist clan was larger , and it only housed her family and a handful of servants . 
 and her family was by no means extravagant . 
 why people would choose to live this way , she would never know . 
 `` i do n't understand it either , spear mother , '' said dormaun , stepping up next to sandrena , nearly giving her a fright . 
 sandrena studied the wyrricswoman , whose beauty only seemed to grow now that she was somewhat dry . 
 the sun broke through the dark clouds at that moment , as if only to shine on dormaun 's long , wavy white hair , falling over her shoulders . 
 sandrena imagined herself looking rather shabby at the moment , but found herself not caring . 
 she was glad to have dormaun by her side , speaking with her . 
 the silence was almost as bad as these endless plains . 
 `` while they lack for resources , '' dormaun continued , `` they could live better than this if they wanted . 
 the shannodsmen live in a desert where the sandstorms burn away everything not hidden under a rock , yet they manage to live in palaces . '' 
 she gestured to the roundhouse , which looked very un-palace-like . 
 `` these canterellsmen , they choose this life . '' 
 `` maybe their iron gods command it , '' sandrena said . 
 there was little else for her to say ; dormaun was right . 
 korilia walked over to them then , and sandrena found her face burn from embarrassment . 
 she was almost glad that korilia would n't be able to see her cheeks flush . 
 sandrena was suddenly all too conscious of the hides korilia wore and the bone-hilted knife sheathed at hip . 
 why did she dress that way ? 
 `` spear mother , '' she said as she approached , nodding to sandrena . 
 a quick glance at dormaun was all the acknowledgement she would get . 
 korilia turned her attention back to sandrena . 
 `` let me scout ahead to see which tribe this is . 
 i think it 's the one that the slave came from , but i 'm not sure . '' 
 the provisions the slave had left them the other night were already running low . 
 sometimes they had to abandon their policy of avoidance ; it was either that or starve . 
 sandrena frowned . 
 `` i thought you were from this area . '' 
 the roundhouse looked ancient ; it must have stood here for decades , if not centuries . 
 `` i am , but the roundhouse does not always house the same tribe . 
 tribes come and tribes go . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i have n't been here since before i died last , nearly two hundred years ago . '' 
 `` do you think they 'll trade with us ? '' 
 dormaun asked . 
 korilia stared at the wyrricswoman then . 
 `` if they are a weak tribe and they fear us , they may trade with us . 
 if they are a strong tribe , they will try to kill us and take what little we have . '' 
 her tone betrayed what she thought of people who traded , which was something wyrricsmen did freely . 
 dormaun turned to sandrena . 
 `` spear mother , what of semorie ? 
 she could scout the roundhouse without being detected . '' 
 it was a good point . 
 semorie was from faceless clan , which meant she could easily infiltrate the tribe , even if no one there knew her and they were likely a closely-knit community . 
 that ability came from her clan 's power to trick a person 's mind into thinking it could determine what she looked like , when in fact their mind was really just filled with vague generalities . 
 they would look at her and would recognize she had some sort of hair , some color of eyes , and some other set of facial characteristics , and would simply leave it at that . 
 only when pressed would the mind determine that it was being tricked . 
 this power was what made the faceless clan such a strong adversary . 
 if an army marched upon faceless lands looking for war , that army would find itself torn apart from within . 
 not even the highest echelon of officers was safe from faceless infiltration . 
 it was because of this that few of the other clans bothered to declare war on them . 
 most deadly of all the faceless clan were the boshail assassins . 
 though all faceless had the innate ability to blend into any community , boshail were trained in the art of stealth and killing . 
 sandrena had heard that the only telltale of a boshail was a left arm severed just below the elbow , thus removing the only other thing that could betray them as faceless -- their clan mark . 
 yet despite such an obvious telltale , they still managed to be masters of infiltration . 
 sandrena could n't fathom it . 
 the faceless clan would always be a mystery . 
 sandrena unconsciously rubbed her own mist clan mark , obscured beneath the left sleeve of her dress . 
 it was the only part of her body that had not turned white . 
 that was how clan marks were ; there was no way to alter them . 
 not even the best tattooist could -- the mark would somehow bleed the ink out of the surrounding skin , thus making itself obvious again . 
 other than clothing , the only other known way to hide your clan mark was to cut it off . 
 just thinking about it was enough to send a shiver down sandrena 's spine . 
 she did n't understand how the major disadvantage of losing an arm could be offset by the meager advantage of not having a clan mark . 
 but then , if she knew everything there was to know about boshail , they would n't be very good at their job , now would they ? 
 besides , they could trick people into believing they were someone , yet no one in particular ; what difficulty could it be to hide a missing arm ? 
 sandrena glanced over at semorie then , who was even more taciturn and stand-offish than the rest of them . 
 the faceless woman wore a loose-fitting , homespun wool robe that barely covered her knees , cinched with featureless leather belt . 
 a strange , close-fitting head covering revealed only her eyes . 
 she seemed to have little or no hair beneath it , but no one knew for sure ; she refused to take the covering off in front of them , and always bathed in private . 
 tall and lanky , she looked like an albino mantis , crouched as she was with her elbows resting on her knees and her eyes peering out over the waving tips of the grasses . 
 only when semorie turned to face her did sandrena realize she had been staring at the woman 's left arm . 
 semorie said nothing , yet did not turn away . 
 the fingers on her left hand , the tips of which dangled out of the edge of the loose sleeve , did not move . 
 sandrena quickly glanced away . 
 i 'm just being paranoid , she thought . 
 she is no boshail . 
 yet when had she seen semorie actually do anything with her hands ? 
 sandrena could n't think of a time when she had . 
 could the left one somehow be a fake ? 
 semorie stood then and slowly walked over . 
 as if sensing sandrena 's discomfort , and seeking to aggravate it . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 she asked . 
 her deep voice always surprised sandrena , so rarely was it used . 
 luckily for sandrena , dormaun spoke . 
 `` can you go into that roundhouse and see if they have any supplies that we need ? '' 
 semorie stared at her . 
 the only motion she made was the narrowing of her eyes . 
 `` i 'm no thief , if that 's what you 're asking . '' 
 `` no , '' said sandrena , stepping in . 
 `` we 're not asking you to steal anything . 
 just scout for us . '' 
 another moment passed , and some of the firmness drained from semorie 's stance . 
 `` i. . . 
 i ca n't . 
 i 'm no use to you in there . '' 
 dormaun frowned . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` what color are my eyes ? '' 
 semorie asked . 
 `` white . '' 
 `` and my skin ? 
 my clothes ? '' 
 `` white . 
 everything about you is white . '' 
 dormaun gestured to encompass their little company . 
 `` just like the rest of us . '' 
 semorie nodded . 
 `` exactly . 
 you know what i look like . 
 so would they . 
 they would know i 'm different and probably cut me open to see just how different . '' 
 and with that , she turned and walked away to crouch by herself in the grass again . 
 as she did , though , she raised her left hand and waggled her fingers . 
 again , sandrena was glad no one could see her skin flush . 
 but she was right . 
 semorie now had features that were definite . 
 the power of her clan seemed to have been lost with the task put upon them by the lady . 
 sandrena could n't imagine how crushing such a loss of identity would be -- that is , if a member of the faceless clan could even have a sense of identity . 
 `` spear mother , '' said korilia in a low voice , leaning forward , `` let me do this . 
 i may not know this tribe , but i know canterellsmen . 
 i 'll find out if they will help us . '' 
 `` and if they do n't want to ? '' 
 in answer , korilia grinned darkly and started trotting down the basin , crouching low even though a blind man could see her from a mile away , white as she was . 
 still , no one was outside the roundhouse that sandrena could see , which she thought odd at this time of day . 
 in a matter of a few short minutes , korilia was little more than a snowflake in a sea of green . 
 sandrena decided to follow semorie 's example and sat in the damp grass , legs folded with motherspear lying across her thighs . 
 briefly she worried that her dress might become stained , but then chuckled softly to herself . 
 she had nothing to worry about . 
 any grass stain on her dress would likely turn white by nightfall . 
 a faint fog began to creep around them as they waited . 
 seeing it made sandrena think of home with a pang of longing in her heart . 
 not because the mist reminded her of her home and family , though she did miss those things . 
 no , it was because it reminded her again just how powerless she was here , in these foreign lands . 
 out of the corner of her eye , she saw dormaun eyeing her expectantly , as if waiting for sandrena to reach out and touch the mist . 
 sandrena did not rise to the bait . 
 she had more dignity than that . 
 though the temptation was strong . 
 after all , what would it hurt ? 
 what if she could use this mist , even though it was in another clan 's lands ? 
 the worst that could happen if she did was she would be disappointed and perhaps lose a little face , but what did she care what dormaun thought ? 
 sandrena was spear mother . 
 she rose , closed her eyes , held her breath , and stepped forward into the dampness of the mists . 
 and released herself into them . 
 nothing happened . 
 she opened her eyes and exhaled deeply . 
 so much for that plan . 
 she looked down at motherspear in her hands . 
 it seemed like that would be her only weapon going forward . 
 she had better get used to the idea . 
 dormaun turned back toward the roundhouse . 
 `` korilia 's coming , '' she said . 
 `` and she looks ... '' she trailed off . 
 frowning , sandrena turned to see . 
 with no regard for stealth , korilia tromped up the slope of the basin towards them . 
 while she was difficult to see from this distance , her posture indicated anger , or maybe fear , or anxiety . 
 or all three . 
 only when korilia was closer did sandrena see the blood red on her hands , and the tears trailing down her cheeks like drips of whitewash . 
 she stood in front of sandrena , chest heaving with ragged , trembling breaths , lip quivering with barely-contained emotion . 
 she met sandrena 's eyes unflinchingly , betraying depths of pain . 
 with barely a rustle of the grasses , semorie stepped up next to sandrena . 
 `` so were they a strong tribe then ? '' 
 there was hint of laughter in her tone . 
 `` and you took care of them ? '' 
 before sandrena could blink , korilia had crossed the distance to semorie . 
 her knife blade was pressed against the faceless woman 's throat . 
 `` they were not my tribe , but they were my clan . 
 they will not be mocked by a no-face like you . '' 
 korilia 's voice dripped with rage . 
 semorie made no move save to fold her arms , elbows brushing korilia as she did . 
 after several tense moments , korilia let her knife hand drop to her side and turned her devastated expression to sandrena . 
 `` they are ... all dead . 
 butchered . 
 it was n't as if they were attacked by warriors , killed in battle . 
 this was ... simple brutality . 
 whoever killed them did n't use swords or axes . 
 it looked like they were sawed to pieces with ... i do n't even know what . 
 chains , maybe . 
 they were n't killed ; they were destroyed . 
 iron gods , the children ! '' 
 korilia collapsed to her knees , clutching her face with her bloody hands , unable to contain the wail of agony trapped within her any longer . 
 chains . 
 the children . 
 the second memory , the one sandrena dreaded to remember , flashed through her mind then like a lightning bolt . 
 a wave of nausea swept through her , and she had to lock her knees to keep herself from joining korilia on the ground . 
 she forced herself to be strong for the five women watching her . 
 and for the sister i could n't save , came an alien , distant thought from somewhere deep within her . 
 `` spear mother , '' said semorie in a soft , gentle voice . 
 `` perhaps we should bury them . 
 the children at least . '' 
 yes , sandrena thought . 
 bury them . 
 put them in the ground where they could be forgotten , so the memories of their death would not haunt anyone anymore . 
 she quelled the cynical thought and shook her head . 
 she would n't let that memory control her . 
 but semorie was right ; burying them was the right thing to do . 
 `` yes . 
 i will bury them . '' 
 from where she knelt , korilia seized sandrena 's wrist . 
 `` spear mother , let me . 
 you are not responsible for them ; i am . 
 they were my people . '' 
 sandrena smiled softly and laid a hand on korilia 's . 
 `` and in this , we are your people , too . '' 
 she turned to the others . 
 `` if any of you are willing to help , i 'm sure our sister would appreciate it . '' 
 korilia pulled sandrena 's hands to her cheek . 
 a new tear rolled down it onto sandrena 's thumb . 
 `` thank you , '' she said . 
 with semorie 's help , korilia rose and hesitantly nodded her thanks to the faceless woman . 
 sandrena led them down the slope towards the roundhouse . 
 behind her , she heard someone say , `` i guess that 's why the lady made her spear mother . '' 
 sandrena smiled , but that smile faded when she contemplated the grim task before them . 
 3 sandrena dipped her hands into the cool waters of the creek and scrubbed them free of blood . 
 her fingers still trembled at the thought of that scene of carnage . 
 she had n't known what to expect when she stepped into the roundhouse , but what she found was more horrific than anything she could have imagined . 
 korilia 's words had done no justice in describing that nightmare . 
 sandrena tried to force it out of her mind , but it was rooted in there firmly , as pervasive as the cloying scent of blood sticking to her clothes . 
 she doubted she would ever be able to wash out that smell . 
 when her hands were as clean as they were going to get , she cupped them in the water and brought it to her lips . 
 she swished the water around and spit it out in an attempt to get rid of the residual taste of vomit . 
 the six of them had completed their task with resolve and determination . 
 none of them complained . 
 the dead had been buried ; that was all they could do for them . 
 korilia wept over the mass grave and said a prayer to her iron gods , asking them to grant these people rest until their next lives . 
 sandrena had said no prayer for them . 
 she was too numb to think of one . 
 now , however , as she knelt next to the creek , she found herself humming that same happy tune , though it , too , seemed only partly effective in washing away the residue of that horrible experience . 
 she was suddenly seized by another horrid memory . 
 this one , of her sister . 
 quickly she pulled her hands out of the water , dried them frantically on her dress , and stalked away from the creek 's edge . 
 `` gods , '' said korilia behind her , `` she finally stopped that damned racket . '' 
 there was a wistful quality to her voice that made her words unconvincing . 
 sandrena did n't rise to the bait . 
 instead , she walked over to where rayell , the shannodswoman , stood lookout . 
 leaning against her thin spear , eyes forward as she silently watched the horizon , rayell looked like a statue in a heroes ' gallery and not at all like her brown-skinned clansmen . 
 her long plaited hair , as purely white as the rest of her , fell nearly to the skirt of her leather armor . 
 like dormaun , rayell was strikingly beautiful , but in a very different way . 
 whereas dormaun was gentle and delicate , rayell was of a martial beauty . 
 a jewel-encrusted dagger , with a blade forged of folded steel by a master smith , sharpened to wicked edge . 
 best admired from a distance , thought sandrena , as she closed that distance . 
 at her approach , rayell turned . 
 `` spear mother . '' 
 her bow was barely deferential . 
 and barely even noticeable . 
 sandrena could feel the woman 's piercing gaze , and with the reassuring feel of motherspear pressed against her back by her pack , she felt that she could meet that gaze . 
 if with some discomfort . 
 `` anything ? '' 
 she asked . 
 rayell turned back to her study of the distance . 
 `` no . '' 
 an awkward silence stretched . 
 the others were still down by the creek , taking their time by sandrena 's count . 
 she chided herself for the insensitive thought ; no doubt they were just as shaken as she was by what they had just gone through . 
 rayell tensed . 
 frowning , she lifted herself up on her toes . 
 she was a few inches shorter than sandrena , but as she was wont to remind them now and then , rayell could see up a flea 's asshole from a mile away . 
 `` someone 's coming , '' she said , then sneered . 
 `` a woman . 
 on a horse . '' 
 sandrena did n't bother to acknowledge rayell 's obvious feelings of the mounts used by other clans . 
 `` can you see who it is ? 
 are they ... like us ? '' 
 `` no , '' said rayell , squinting , `` her skin has some color to it , if her hair does n't . 
 she 's wearing metal ... steel plate . '' 
 her grip tightened on her spear . 
 `` she appears armed . '' 
 as if sensing sandrena 's growing anxiety , the other four women joined them , gathering in a loose circle around her in a seemingly subconscious attempt to protect their spear mother . 
 sandrena knew what they had been tasked to do , and had even , in some half-hearted way , resigned herself to the necessity of killing . 
 but she had seen enough death that day , and was n't looking forward to the prospect of more . 
 besides , she felt weak out here , exposed . 
 she could fight like a born sword in the mists of her own clan -- most mist clansmen could -- but here , she was less than the others . 
 she hated being helpless . 
 she was haunted by her feelings of helplessness nearly every time she remembered her sister . 
 sometimes , she did n't even know why the lady had chosen her to bear motherspear . 
 perhaps it was because she was so weak . 
 she needed it just to equal the others . 
 no , she thought with a tinge of bitterness . 
 there are others in mist clan who are stronger than me , more suited to such an important task . 
 i was just more convenient to use . 
 her mind drifted back to the day when she found what was to become motherspear . 
 she had become one with the mist , her being dispersed within it , at once a part of it yet separate . 
 she was speeding through it , feeling the rhythm of the land as it brushed against her , providing accompaniment for the song that was ever in her mind . 
 she was alone , as she usually was when she did this . 
 it was something she did n't feel she could share with anyone . 
 for some reason , the experience was intensely personal . 
 something had tugged at sandrena 's awareness , like a throbbing dissonance , wrecking the harmony she felt . 
 curious , she had swum through the currents of mist to investigate . 
 it was a thin crack in the side of a mountain , far from civilization . 
 in her incorporeal mist state , sandrena had had no problem navigating it . 
 at one point , as she neared the heart of the mountain , she had felt something immensely powerful pulsing nearby , but the path to it was blocked by a massive door of solid gold , sealing the room against the mists and thus against her . 
 it was n't the source of the dissonance she had felt , so she ignored this other peculiar thing and continued on . 
 the chamber she finally came upon was huge , much larger than she had imagined being in the heart of the mountain , but more significant was what was in the chamber . 
 a massive device of some sort , the function of which she could not determine . 
 it looked like the bud of a rose , made of what appeared to be hammered bronze . 
 radiating from the base of this structure were six long and narrow thorns , all of them white , and pierced on these thorns were the bleached white bodies of giants . 
 sandrena had traveled over much of mist clan lands and had seen many amazing things , but nothing had ever astonished her quite like that chamber and the secrets it held within . 
 the sheer scale of things was staggering . 
 the giants were enormous . 
 she could have easily fit in the palm of one of their hands . 
 yet even they were dwarfed by the monstrous contraption that dominated the center of the chamber . 
 the dissonance she felt was almost a physical force disturbing the mists . 
 fearing what it might do to her if she remained in mist form , she returned to her corporeal state at the bottom of the chamber , standing naked but for her soulbound sword , which could turn into mist as she did . 
 someone other than the giants had been in this chamber before , she discovered . 
 bones , rusted armor and weapons , a few shreds of what appeared to be cloth , and the rotted remains of a leather satchel were all that was left of them . 
 obviously not mist clansmen , since they died as rotting bodies in the mist rather than dispersing into it ; but what outlanders were doing here in this forgotten chamber , she had no idea . 
 for some reason she did n't then understand , she felt compelled to climb the giant apparatus , and then clamber out onto one of the thorns . 
 once there , she began to saw off the tip as if it were the most natural thing to do in that situation . 
 it was n't until later that she questioned the reason for her actions . 
 it was as if her will had not been her own at the time . 
 it was a trial getting the spike tip out of the mountain 's heart , as it did n't seem to want to vaporize like her soulbound sword did when she became mist , but manage it she did . 
 along the way back home , she found a shaft of bamboo that almost seemed made to fit her new spike . 
 before she knew it , she had made a spear . 
 that night , as she lay in her bed , with her strange , newly-created spear lying on the floor next to her , sandrena had her first dream that was not a memory . 
 she had dreamed of the lady of the fourth world . 
 remembering that day made sandrena almost forget the rider coming towards them , but she quickly came back to herself when the beat of hooves began to reach her ears . 
 she squinted as the beginnings of an identifiable shape slowly rose up in her vision . 
 at her side , rayell gasped and quickly dropped to a knee with her head bowed . 
 the other women quickly followed suit . 
 only sandrena stood there , eyes wide and mouth agape in disbelief . 
 no . 
 it ca n't be . 
 it 's not really her . 
 but there was no mistaking the face that had haunted her dreams since that day in the mountain 's heart . 
 the lady pulled up her mount alongside the group to study them . 
 even though sandrena had seen the lady 's face in her dreams before , she had always seemed fuzzy , giving her little more than an impression of what she looked like . 
 now , seeing the lady in stark reality caused sandrena 's breath to catch in her throat . 
 the lady 's white hair , as white as sandrena and her companions , fell in damp ringlets around her copper-colored face -- although her face was not copper-colored like a shannodsman 's was , but actually glinted with a slight metallic sheen . 
 the irises of her eyes gleamed like polished silver , in contrast with her pitch black pupils , which seemed to swallow the light around them . 
 everything about her was arresting and frightening , and completely alien to anything sandrena had experienced in the waking world ... yet something about the lady carried with it the scent of the familiar . 
 sandrena had no idea what could possibly be familiar about such an awesome being . 
 even the suit of armor she wore was unlike anything sandrena had ever seen . 
 it was expertly crafted , finely tooled , etched with sweeping designs from edge to edge . 
 though it fit the lady 's body closely , it seemed comprised of crests and waves that crashed about her , as if the lady had captured the soul of the sea and forged this suit of armor from it . 
 in no way did it hinder her motion ; it was as if the armor yielded itself to her implacable will . 
 sandrena felt the power of that will overcome her , and her knees seemed to fold under her of their own accord until she was on her hands and knees , panting with the effort of staying awake . 
 then , as suddenly as it had come , the sensation lifted , and sandrena felt herself again . 
 awed and afraid , she lifted her head to peer wide-eyed at the lady . 
 with absolute grace , she slid from her mount and stood before them , the exquisite hilt of her broadsword looming over her shoulder like a promise of unfettered violence . 
 `` welcome , lady , '' intoned the other five women in unison . 
 those silver eyes were fixed upon sandrena . 
 she stared back , transfixed , for how long , she did n't know . 
 eventually , sandrena blinked to clear her head and slowly , with all the effort she could muster , rose to her feet , clutching motherspear tightly in her sweaty fist . 
 unable to meet the lady 's eyes , sandrena stared at her neck . 
 she lifted motherspear in front of her , parallel to the ground , as if in presentation . 
 `` i am spear mother , the one you appointed to lead this expedition to kill a god . '' 
 `` so you are . '' 
 with a jolt , the world turned black and sandrena was falling . 
 something huge crashed into her back . 
 the ground , she thought . 
 she lay there , dazed and blinded , not really sure what had happened . 
 dimly she heard the others cry out and moan in pain , followed by the jingle of tack and the sound of booted feet hitting the ground . 
 someone knelt at sandrena 's side and gently lifted her head , bringing with her a wash of fragrance , of flowers and honey and sex and sunlight , that drowned out all other sensation . 
 sandrena could barely make sense of this or anything else that was happening ; all thought seemed to have fled her for the farthest corners of the world . 
 everything had turned to a shapeless oblivion for her . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' began that same crushing voice . 
 instantly all of sandrena 's nerves flared to life . 
 everything felt so vibrant and pure that the life she had lived before that moment seemed like dead , gray filth in comparison . 
 waves of excruciating pleasure drowned her endlessly , pummeling her like a quickly rising tide . 
 each moment was better than the last . 
 her toes and fingers began to cramp almost beyond endurance , but it was worth it for what she felt . 
 vaguely , she could hear the moans of her companions redouble , but she realized that they were not the moans of pain , but of ecstasy . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' came the vicious , wonderful voice again , `` but i have no control over this glamour . 
 i 've been cursed with it forever and have no way of ridding myself of it . 
 it should get easier the more i speak , i hope , so you 're just going to have to endure this for a while until you 're used to it . '' 
 sandrena could scarcely make out the words , much less their meaning . 
 with each sound uttered , molten fire rippled up her spine , traveling out to her fingers in an explosion of rapturous energy . 
 sandrena never wanted it to end , though some distant part of her suspected that if it did n't soon , she would die . 
 that glorious , perfect voice continued to speak for what felt like a thousand torturous eternities compressed into a single exquisite moment , until finally all sensation slowly began to fade into nothingness . 
 * * * sandrena awoke to the pungent smell of a dung fire . 
 muscles shuddering , she pushed herself off of her side and propped herself up onto her elbow , barely able to maintain the position due to her weakness and exhaustion . 
 through her blurred vision she could tell that it was night , and that five forms sat around the crackling fire , and one more was still lying down . 
 mustering all her determination and strength , sandrena fought her way into a cross-legged sitting position . 
 she rubbed her eyes to clear the sleep from them and took in the scene before her . 
 flickering firelight cast a dim orange glow over her five white companions , all of whom were awake and staring at the fire , as if making an effort not to look each other in the eye . 
 sandrena could n't blame them ; her shame at being compromised in such a way , and enjoying it beyond all right , overwhelmed her . 
 only dormaun , lying on her side and propped up on her elbow much as sandrena had been a moment before , seemed quite unaffected by the whole ordeal . 
 indeed , as she fiddled with a bit of grass that had been flattened in preparation for their camp with a dreamy smile on her parted lips , her tousled and sweat-drenched hair cast about her with abandon , dormaun was an image of utter satisfaction . 
 sandrena was anxiously and uncomfortably aware of her own silk dress saturated with sweat . 
 bits of dirt clung to it ; smears of mud marred it where she had writhed on the ground in her ecstasy . 
 some of the stains were already losing color . 
 still , she felt an urgent need to wash the dress -- alone , far away from the others . 
 as she brushed away some of the dirt from her skirts , she noticed a different kind of dampness on her thighs . 
 her shame multiplied . 
 hurriedly , she scooped up motherspear and cradled it in her lap , running her fingers along the ridges in its haft to reassure herself . 
 the lady , whose eyes sandrena could not meet , sat across from her , just as if she were another woman , and not one of the god 's two wardens of this world . 
 her armor had been removed and set at her side in an orderly fashion , along with her large broadsword . 
 the lady , even in a simple red tunic and black trousers , emanated a sense of majesty . 
 finally , after an agonizing silence , she spoke . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're all finally awake , '' she said , `` and coherent . '' 
 as if an army of evil feathers were attacking her , a series of gentle thrills coursed their way through sandrena 's body , bringing her nerves to life . 
 it was n't unduly pleasurable , painful , or unbearable , but she seriously hoped this did n't happen every time the lady spoke . 
 at least it was n't as bad as it had been at first . 
 she noticed that the other women in their group shifted uncomfortably as the lady spoke . 
 `` again , i apologize for what i put you through this night . 
 it 's not something i would have done if i did n't think you had need . 
 speaking to you , that is . 
 i know what it does to people , and as i have no way of stopping it , i try my best not come into direct contact with anyone unless there is great need . 
 i usually tell people what they need to know through dreams . 
 that , unfortunately , is no longer an option . '' 
 sandrena glanced up , flinching when she caught sight of those silver eyes . 
 steeling herself , she opened her mouth to speak . 
 a hoarse whisper emerged . 
 she cleared her throat , and words finally came out . 
 `` why ? 
 what 's different ? '' 
 the lady 's face held a soft , sad smile . 
 her strange skin , with its metallic sheen , glinted oddly in the firelight . 
 `` we 're nearing the madding shores . '' 
 korilia , who had been silent this whole time , leapt to her feet . 
 `` what ! 
 that 's a lie ! 
 i know my lands , and we are still a hundred miles from the influence of the shores ! '' 
 `` peace , daughter . '' 
 the lady raised her hand in a mollifying gesture , but korilia 's chest was heaving and she appeared to have no interest in sitting back down . 
 the lady sighed . 
 `` i 'm not questioning your knowledge of these lands . 
 you 're absolutely right ; we are nearly a hundred miles from where the influence of the madding shores used to begin . '' 
 no one moved . 
 sandrena was certain that the others heard the words the lady had used : where the influence of the madding shores used to begin . 
 even korilia was still , scarcely breathing . 
 eventually she sat back down and , frowning darkly into the flames , said , `` explain . '' 
 not exactly how sandrena would have framed the request to a divine being , but the lady seemed unruffled at this curt command . 
 `` the dreams i 've sent you have outlined the basic purpose of this mission that i have called you on . 
 we are here , all of us -- myself included -- to kill a god . 
 as you may have determined , there 's only one god that humanity generally concerns itself with , and i assure you that i am not one to ask you to kill berahmain . '' 
 korilia seemed ready to protest , doubtless about her clan 's iron gods , but when it appeared she was n't going to speak , the lady continued . 
 `` not only do i not have it in me , but the results of such an action would be , to put it lightly , catastrophic . '' 
 the lady seemed suddenly troubled as she spoke these last words , but she continued speaking with only a breath 's pause . 
 `` so , you may have deduced that it is not a god of mankind that we shall kill , but a god of the aberrations . '' 
 rayell breathed in sharply ; semorie hissed . 
 dormaun , no longer dazed , peered up at the lady , eyes wide with interest . 
 judging by their reactions , none of the others had any clue what kind of god the lady would want them to kill . 
 sandrena certainly had n't . 
 the lady noticed all of this . 
 `` i see . 
 i 'm sorry to have dragged all of you out here for this with so little knowledge . 
 dreams are limited in what i can convey through them . '' 
 she smiled again , that same gentle smile . 
 `` i 'm honored that you would come at my bidding without knowing the reason for it . 
 honored , and also a little frightened that all of you , without exception , would be so impetuous and uncritical . '' 
 duly chastised , the others hung their heads . 
 all except caella , the lone tokkarintswoman in their group , who stared with a pleading look in her round face . 
 `` but ... you 're the lady ! 
 a divine agent of berahmain 's ! '' 
 as sandrena understood it , the shorter , rounder woman had been a sister of the church before she had left tokkarint to join them on this quest , and thus sandrena was not all that surprised by this outburst . 
 `` that 's true , '' the lady said at length . 
 `` but i am not your master . 
 you need not come at my bidding . 
 you six were chosen because of all the women in your respective clans , you were the ones whose dreams were most open to my touch . '' 
 she glanced pointedly at korilia , who sniffed loudly . 
 `` and though in our shared dreams i called you all my daughters , i now think of you more as sisters . '' 
 the second memory , the one sandrena always tried to forget , suddenly flooded her mind . 
 quickly , she stifled it , focusing instead on this conversation . 
 `` why ? '' 
 asked rayell in a harsh tone . 
 `` why us ? '' 
 `` i think ... '' the lady frowned in thought , an unexpectedly human gesture , but sandrena realized that this divine being before her was full of such human touches . 
 `` i think that there is some sort of ... harmony between us , that 's not between me and other people . 
 and i think that is why you heard my plea , and why you came to me . '' 
 `` why just women ? '' 
 dormaun asked in an exceedingly curious voice . 
 `` you 've heard my voice and know what effect it has . '' 
 she tilted her head as she regarded her . 
 `` have you ever been raped , dormaun ? '' 
 dormaun answered in a very small voice , `` yes . '' 
 `` i have n't . 
 though many men have tried . 
 they became ... less useful to me afterwards . '' 
 her hand rested on the ornate hilt of her sword . 
 yes , sandrena supposed that dead men were n't very useful to anybody . 
 `` and i am sorry if i made you relive such a memory . 
 it must have been horrible . '' 
 `` yes , well . '' 
 dormaun made a dismissive gesture . 
 `` i 'd say you more than made up for it last night . '' 
 she smiled , though sandrena could see that the memory of what was done to her haunted her still . 
 the pain was evident in her eyes . 
 under the vault of stars , their conversation lapsed into silence once more . 
 sandrena supposed that they were not quite used to each other , and that the addition of the lady only seemed to amplify the strangeness of their situation . 
 with each answered question , that strangeness was becoming all the more apparent . 
 a thousand questions popped into sandrena 's mind and she could n't decide which one was the most important . 
 she doubted there was time enough in this lifetime or in a dozen more for all her questions to be answered . 
 through the murk , one question finally rose up . 
 `` can you tell us more about this ... god , that we are supposed to kill ? '' 
 the lady nodded . 
 `` of course . 
 but perhaps i should tell you a little about the fourth world , and how it came into being . '' 
 everyone was suddenly rapt . 
 the creation of all existence , as understood by the lady herself ? 
 caella 's eyes were nearly bugging out of her head . 
 doubtless a priestess had much interest in such a topic . 
 `` well , '' the lady continued , `` perhaps came into being is not the proper phrase . 
 while i do n't know much about the other six worlds , i was here when the fourth world was not yet the fourth world , but rather a world populated by many other creatures which people now refer to as aberrations . 
 `` it 's not the most accurate term , since it implies that berahmain 's plan somehow went awry , and the existence of these creatures was somehow a result of this . 
 that 's not true . 
 while they certainly are not a part of berahmain 's plans for the fourth world , they came before the plan . 
 they were here first , and we -- berahmain , the lord , and i -- took over a part of their world to create what you see here now : the lands of the six clans . '' 
 sandrena stared in open-mouthed astonishment . 
 `` but -- '' `` please , sandrena . '' 
 the lady lifted her hand and smiled again , soothingly . 
 `` i know you are boiling over with questions , and i hope to answer many of them . 
 this story , i hope , will do just that . '' 
 blearily , sandrena nodded . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she shifted slightly were she sat . 
 `` again , it is n't entirely accurate to say that their world is now totally ours . 
 the fourth world , as we know it , is only a small part of their world , but it is cut off from it by -- '' '' -- the madding shores , '' korilia finished , understanding dawning on her face . 
 `` and the reason people go mad is because they cross over from our world into theirs ? '' 
 the lady nodded . 
 `` yes . 
 the rules of their world are not the same as ours , and our minds struggle to make sense of them . 
 often this ends up in madness , and always it ends up with being lost in their world forever , with no hope of returning to the fourth world . '' 
 she met each of their gazes forcefully to emphasize her next point . 
 `` not even death will bring you back into berahmain 's plans . '' 
 sandrena shuddered at the thought . 
 she had heard stories of people removed from berahmain 's plan , never again to face the challenge , with no hope of rising again in another world once death has been met in this one . 
 the thought of permanent death , one from which she would never again wake , was terrifying . 
 `` is this what will happen to us ? '' 
 dormaun asked . 
 `` no . '' 
 the lady 's voice rang with finality . 
 `` i will make sure that none of you are lost . 
 killed , well ... i do n't imagine we will all survive our encounter with the god . '' 
 she breathed in deeply and exhaled . 
 `` know that i wish you all to survive this ordeal . '' 
 `` and so , the aberrations in our world ... '' began rayell . 
 `` yes , they are those who slipped between the cracks in our world , remaining here after their old world was replaced . 
 some have even found a way to traverse between our overlapping worlds , though many can not pass through the madding shores without suffering the same effects as humans . 
 of course , only a few of them know the truth , the longer-lived ones . 
 the others have only heard what has been distorted in the telling of thousands , if not millions , of generations . 
 there is disagreement between them as to what they should do with us . 
 some of them want to destroy mankind , others want to live in peace . 
 still others want to abandon this world and find another to live on . '' 
 `` and it would be safe to assume , then , '' said rayell , choosing her words with care and thought , `` that this god you want us to kill is among the first group . '' 
 `` yes , '' said the lady . 
 `` you have the right of it . 
 though he wants to go beyond merely destroying mankind . 
 he was here at the very beginning , when we stole this world from the aberrations . 
 in fact , the lord and i defeated him , and sent him off to another realm , which was how the fourth world was won in the first place . 
 he is , in many ways , the god of this world . 
 somehow , the aberrations beyond the madding shore found a way to bring him back . '' 
 something did n't quite add up to sandrena . 
 `` then , why is n't the lord helping us now ? '' 
 `` he ca n't . '' 
 an expression of hopelessness came over the lady 's features . 
 `` ever since the creation of the fourth world , the lord and i have had our distinct roles from which we can not stray due to the order inherent in berahmain 's plan . 
 he can only defend the existence of the fourth world from threats that come from within the plan . 
 i can only defend the threats from without . 
 against almost any threat , we can no longer work together . '' 
 `` threats from within the plan ? '' 
 caella asked , puzzled . 
 `` yes . '' 
 for a silent moment , sandrena thought that was all the lady had to say on the topic , but then she continued . 
 `` he ... the lord , that is , made a mistake once . 
 granted a gift that was not his to give . 
 as a result , the order of berahmain 's plans were upset , and the lord has been fighting to correct it ever since . '' 
 she shook her head and stared into the fire , lost in thought . 
 `` that one lapse in judgment has endangered everything . '' 
 sandrena wondered what the lord could have given someone that would cause so much chaos . 
 the lady did n't seem inclined to speak of it further , however , and it would likely just be one of those thousand questions that would never be answered . 
 at least not in this lifetime . 
 the lady suddenly stretched out her arms in an expansive yawn . 
 `` i think that 's enough for tonight , '' she said when she was finally able . 
 `` we can continue this tomorrow . 
 is anybody fit for first watch ? '' 
 semorie stood . 
 with her clothes and cowl dried from proximity to the campfire , she looked none the worse for wear . 
 `` i will stand watch . '' 
 with a tenderness that surprised sandrena , semorie said , `` sleep this night , my lady . 
 we will all take turns . '' 
 the lady nodded gratefully and , in a way that was decidedly childlike , flopped to her back on the flattened grass . 
 within seconds , she was snoring . 
 sandrena shook her head at the strangeness of it all , unfurled her bedroll , and arranged her pack into a suitable pillow . 
 exhausted emotionally as well as physically , she fared no better than the lady , and sleep dragged her down in moments . 
 4 that night , sandrena did n't dream . 
 aside from the ones compelling her on this quest , she had never had true dreams , dreams as others described them , while she slept . 
 no , all she had were memories . 
 they were memories of a life she never lived . 
 this one was the second such memory , the one she always dreaded facing . 
 it was a misty day , though in the memory the mists did n't hold any significance ; they were simply mists , an obscuring fog , nothing more , much like the mists she had encountered in canterell . 
 she stood at the foot of a trail through the woods , anxiously tapping her bare foot on the ground as she waited , though what she waited for , sandrena the observer could n't yet remember . 
 all she knew was that in the memory , she was feeling impatient about something . 
 the details of the forest were visceral and real , almost as real as if she were experiencing them at the moment : the stirring of emerald leaves in the gentle breeze , the warmth of shifting sunlight speckled on her skin , the aroma of earth , the feel of the dirt under her toes ... it was real in a way that memories were , and that , as she understood them , dreams were not . 
 finally , she saw sign of what she had been waiting for , and an eager grin split her face . 
 there , swinging down the trail on her two crutches , was her little sister . 
 my little sister . 
 the sight of her warmed the observing sandrena 's heart more than she could account for ; how was it that this little girl meant so much to her , meant the whole world to her ? 
 she knew it was not just her own feelings that she felt . 
 they were mingled with those of the girl whose life she was experiencing , the girl named sandra . 
 `` sandra ! '' 
 cried the tiny girl , who looked much younger than her six years . 
 her round brown face , framed by lank dirty blond hair , radiated sheer delight . 
 `` what are you waiting for ? 
 get moving ! '' 
 `` i ai n't waiting on nothing , laura ! '' 
 sandrena hollered back . 
 `` i stubbed a toe ... or something . '' 
 laura grinned all the wider , and sandrena felt her own face mirror her little sister 's . 
 laura did n't like special treatment because of her legs , and often worked to show that she did n't need any such treatment . 
 she loved showing off how fast she could move with her crutches and leg braces . 
 the windy part of the path was where it got tricky , so sandra liked to let her at least catch up on that part . 
 now that they were on the straightaway , sandra knew she would have a tough time of catching up once laura got going . 
 laura stopped when she got a couple feet from sandra , chest heaving , eyes wild with excitement . 
 `` ready ... '' `` and ... '' `` go ! '' 
 they both tore off like maniacs , laughing and howling . 
 laura took the path , making incredible speed , while sandra crashed through the ferns and the bushes like a frenzied boar . 
 thorns and branches caught a sandra 's wool dress , but she did n't care ; she had to win . 
 not because she felt any desire to beat her sister in this race , but because laura always knew when sandra was n't trying her best . 
 by the time sandra made it down by the creek bank , little laura was leaning against a tree stump with both crutches resting against her shoulder , her arms folded over them , and a very smug look on her face . 
 sandra laughed . 
 `` want to go up a ways ? 
 to the pond maybe ? '' 
 sandra asked , dusting her dress free of plant matter . 
 briefly a fearful expression came over laura 's face , but it was quickly schooled into nonchalance . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i heard some boys shouting . 
 does n't sound like much fun , sharing the pond with them . '' 
 pausing to listen , sandra could hear them faintly . 
 she suspected she knew which boys laura was talking about . 
 some of the boys from second hill , a village just on the other side of the creek , often picked on laura . 
 sandra could n't understand why ; how could anyone look at laura and not fall instantly in love with her ? 
 she knew , though , that the people from second hill were poorer than dirt , poorer , even , than the people from sandra 's own village . 
 maybe they hated her just because she knew how to smile and they did n't . 
 one time , they had broken both of laura 's crutches , the whole lot of them just stamping and smashing them for no good reason . 
 sandra had to carry laura on her back , even had to swim across the creek like that , all the way home . 
 immediately , sandra had asked dad how to make new crutches , and with his help , that 's exactly what sandra did . 
 they were the crutches that laura used now . 
 abruptly , laura 's stomach grumbled . 
 she grinned as if it were something to be proud of , and sandra laughed aloud . 
 `` berries , then ? '' 
 `` sounds good , '' laura said with a decisive nod . 
 `` hum our song so i know where you are . 
 we 'll meet back here in quarter of a turn . '' 
 she crutched off to the fork , taking the right path . 
 skipping buoyantly , sandra took the left , and began to hum their song . 
 it was a happy little tune , perfect for this weather , perfect for this day . 
 she was able to mark each beat of the song with each fall of her foot as she skipped down the path . 
 sandra could n't remember where she had first heard that song . 
 maybe it was when that troupe of players came to town a few years back ... or maybe sandra first heard it in her heart when she saw laura 's little face brought into the world . 
 she did n't know . 
 all she knew was that laura loved it , so much so that she thought of it as their song , the song that defined them as sisters . 
 sandra first became aware of the berry bush when about a dozen of their thorns pricked her all at once . 
 she had been so wrapped up in the song , skipping so carelessly , that she managed to jump right into the bush . 
 cursing loudly -- and blushing in embarrassment when she realized laura could have heard it -- she backed out of the bush slowly , picking up her song right where she left off . 
 much to her dismay , she had trampled some of the biggest , juiciest berries , but there were still plenty of good ones . 
 she crouched down and began to pick them to put in her dress 's berry pouch , which dad had sewn on special for her , sneakily popping a few of them into her mouth like it was some grand crime . 
 the leaves stirred , rustling like cloth . 
 sandra could n't hear any sign of laura . 
 she stood up mid-chew , frowning , wondering how far they had separated . 
 it had n't been a quarter of a turn yet , she knew , and laura would n't make any sound if she were waiting at the fork . 
 still , the sounds of the forest seemed to be missing something , something that sandra could n't quite place . 
 clutching her berry pouch closed , she trotted briskly back up the path . 
 no one waited at the fork . 
 trying not to worry herself sick , sandra took the other path , casting her gaze about to either side for any sign of her sister . 
 then , with a chill that made her shudder , she realized what was missing from the air . 
 the boys ' shouting . 
 sandra tore into a sprint toward the pond , arms pumping , heedless of the berries flying free of her pouch . 
 when she finally made it to the muddy bank of the pond , panting and heaving , she saw them : the two bastardly brothers from second hill , the ones who had instigated the crutch-smashing of before , jonah and ian . 
 they were sitting in the decrepit , moldy boat they sometimes brought out . 
 next to them were three younger boys , kids that were pale imitations of the hooligans that were jonah and ian , but hooligans nonetheless . 
 sandra did n't remember their names , and right now , she did n't care . 
 `` have you seen her ? '' 
 from out of nowhere , tears sprang out of sandra 's eyes . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 none of the boys would look at her . 
 under the smudges of dirt , their faces were wan , their eyes wide with terror . 
 all except black-haired ian , whose face was red with anger for some reason . 
 the boat lurched slightly , and then was still . 
 the anchor chain was stretched taut as it reached into the pond 's depths . 
 none of the boys moved or acknowledged sandra 's existence . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 one of the younger boys , the skinny one with the mop of curly red hair , glanced over the boat 's edge . 
 wordlessly , ian cuffed him hard . 
 bubbles broke the water 's surface next to the anchor chain . 
 sandra stared . 
 and then she screamed . 
 without a moment 's hesitation , she threw herself into the water . 
 she did n't know how to swim , but right now that did n't matter . 
 taking a deep , quivering breath , sandra submerged herself completely . 
 she had tried opening her eyes under water before , but it always hurt . 
 now , she did it , too afraid to feel the hurt . 
 too afraid of what might be going on while she closed her eyes . 
 there , at the bottom of the pond where the plants were thickest , was the rusted anchor . 
 laura was next to it , struggling futilely against the chain around her neck , her crippled legs floating like dead weight . 
 her panicked eyes found sandra 's , and a bubble of air escaped her lips . 
 no no no no ! 
 sandra thrashed and thrashed , but nothing she did seemed to move her very far . 
 she felt so helpless , so worthless , so stupid ! 
 how could she have let this happen ? 
 why could n't she have stayed next to her sister , to protect her ? 
 sandra 's knee banged against a rock hard , drawing blood and a sharp sting . 
 she set her feet , letting the rest of her body drift down so that she was parallel to the sloping ground , and kicked off with all her strength and anger and fear . 
 within two seconds , she had a grip on the hem of laura 's dress . 
 already sandra 's lungs felt like they were going to burst right out of her chest . 
 laura began to struggle harder . 
 she screamed , but little enough air came out . 
 if sandra could have cried under the water right then , she would have , but she did n't have time . 
 she had to work fast . 
 somehow , the chain had knotted around laura 's neck , stretched tight as the anchor was barely scraping the bottom . 
 sandra could n't make sense of that ; how could the chain have managed to knot itself around her neck ? 
 then she realized : the chain did n't do anything . 
 the boys had done this . 
 deliberately . 
 sandra lifted the anchor , putting some give into the chain . 
 with that , she was able to shove laura 's head free . 
 laura was n't moving . 
 her eyes were fixed on nothing . 
 sandra grabbed laura around the chest and began kicking for the surface . 
 their faces broke the surface . 
 air filled sandra 's stinging lungs sharply . 
 but she could n't stay above water ; she did n't know how . 
 after that fleeting mouthful of air she was back under . 
 she sank to the bottom again , and slowly crawled back towards the bank , clutching her motionless sister close . 
 finally they reached the bank . 
 sandra flopped into the mud , gasping and weak , the pain in her knee finally catching up to her , dazed and insane with fear . 
 laura 's chest was n't moving . 
 her hair clung to her face like seaweed , but she did n't push it away . 
 her eyes still stared from a pale face . 
 sandra felt the sobs rise up her throat , closed her eyes against the tears . 
 she pulled laura close as she began to cry , kissing her cold cheek as she did . 
 behind her , she heard the boat crunch against the mud . 
 footsteps . 
 something blocked the sunlight . 
 sandra rolled over slightly and opened her eyes to see ian standing over her , stinking in his filthy ragged clothing . 
 he looked absolutely furious , as if sandra had done something horrible to him and not the other way around . 
 he nearly choked on the words as he spoke . 
 `` you ai n't gon na tell on us , are you ? '' 
 sandra rolled back over and the sobs came on stronger . 
 she did n't care about ian . 
 her sister was dead , dead . 
 she wrapped her arms and legs around laura as best she could ; maybe if she held on long enough , laura 's spirit would n't go away . 
 maybe she would wake up . 
 sandra would be willing to try . 
 she would do anything to see her sister smile again . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 something jerked her over flat on her back . 
 before she could get up , ian pressed her hands down and knelt on her arms . 
 unbelieving that he could do such a thing , especially after what he had done , she gaped at him . 
 then she launched into a fit of screaming , kicking , biting , and punching . 
 `` stop it ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 `` listen to me ! '' 
 his fist connected with her jaw . 
 something popped , something felt wrong . 
 sandra 's vision went black with pain , but only for a blessed moment . 
 then she saw ian 's face , contorted with rage , staring down at her . 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 `` shut up and listen ! '' 
 he swung his fist behind his back and into sandra 's ribs . 
 she suddenly found it very hard to breathe . 
 her eyelids fluttered . 
 `` hey ! 
 get over here and help me with this ! 
 she was gon na tell on us ! 
 do you wan na get strung up ? '' 
 `` we did n't do anything , ian . 
 you did . '' 
 `` oh yeah ? 
 that 's not what i saw . 
 jonah , what did you see ? '' 
 through the haze , sandra heard jonah chuckle . 
 `` i saw devvy doing some real sick stuff to that little gimp before shoving her over the side . '' 
 `` right . 
 now you gon na come on over here and help , devvy ? 
 or you gon na get strung up all on your own ? '' 
 several shadows crowded around her , darkening her world . 
 sandra opened her eyes long enough to see ian holding a rock in his hands , then raising it over his head , terror in his eyes , and then -- red blossomed in her vision , consuming all else . 
 she felt feet crushing her fingers , more rocks hitting her legs , her stomach . 
 the pain was immense , intolerable , ripping through every fiber of her being . 
 she wished she could fade away and die , but the intensity of her agony only seemed to accelerate with abandon , as if she were feeling the pain multiply itself , feeding off of itself with each new injury . 
 pain poured into her like poisonous water into a vessel that was discovering it had no bottom . 
 abruptly the pain stopped . 
 the redness of her vision seemed to congeal into liquid clouds of blood swarming all around her , washing away the beach , the pond ... her sister . 
 she was floating in this red world , hovering like a feather that had forgotten how to fall . 
 there was no ground that she could see , just the liquid clouds roiling in every direction , lit by the occasional flickers of red lightning . 
 sandrena the observer realized that this was not part of the memory at all . 
 she realized that she was dreaming . 
 she had to be ; but why did it feel so real ? 
 the shadows of her assailants were hidden behind the clouds . 
 then , all five of the shadows swam through the clouds towards a point in front of her , then disappeared . 
 sandrena 's heart thumped wildly in her chest . 
 then , like a mountain parting the mist , a vast single shadow appeared , man-shaped and enormous , bigger than the tallest peaks of mist lands . 
 the fuzzy edges of his form sharpened into night-black muscles , human except for where his head and neck should have been , where there was only empty space . 
 the headless man spread his arms wide . 
 a dozen black chains sprang out from behind , writhing like tentacles . 
 sandrena noticed that at his stomach was something that looked like a round shield . 
 her focus was drawn to it for some reason . 
 from within the black depths of that stomach-shield , two yellow eyes opened , stared into her soul , crushing it . 
 and all around her the clouds began to scream . 
 * * * `` spear mother . 
 spear mother , wake up ! '' 
 sandrena 's eyes shot open . 
 something was touching her shoulder . 
 instinctively , she backed away . 
 `` spear mother . 
 it 's me ! 
 caella ! '' 
 crouched over sandrena 's bed roll was indeed the round-faced woman , staring at her with wide eyes . 
 behind her stood the others , including the lady , worried looks in all of their faces . 
 but that was n't what captured sandrena 's attention . 
 the entire sky was overcast with boiling red clouds . 
 frantically , sandrena took stock of their surroundings . 
 their campsite looked more or less the same -- the firepit was n't even smoking , so she figured it must have been morning already , but there was no way to tell for certain . 
 the otherworldly red glow filling the clouds seemed nothing so common as daylight . 
 to the north a mere fifty feet loomed a massive black cliff . 
 `` what -- what the tree is going on ? '' 
 she stammered , scrabbling away from the startling sight . 
 how had a cliff sprouted in the middle of grasslands ? 
 how was this , any of this , possible ? 
 the lady stepped forward with a consoling expression on her face . 
 `` the madding shores move faster than i thought possible . 
 the god of aberrations gathers power , and quickly . '' 
 sandrena could barely follow what she was hearing . 
 had the dream truly ended ? 
 how could she tell ? 
 everything seemed so ... impossible . 
 she swiped the hair out of her sweaty face , trying to make sense of it all . 
 `` i. . . 
 was dreaming . '' 
 she glanced up . 
 everyone stared back at her with blank eyes . 
 `` do n't you understand ? 
 i do n't have dreams ! '' 
 `` sure you do , '' rayell said with far more calmness than sandrena ever thought she could feel again . 
 `` you mumble in your sleep all the time . 
 it 's annoying . '' 
 `` no , '' sandrena said with a dismissive gesture , `` that 's different . 
 i know what you 're talking about . 
 those are n't dreams , not really . 
 this ... i was floating ... a man appeared , bigger than that cliff ... and ... '' she began to shudder uncontrollably , and drew her knees up to her chest , clutching to herself tightly . 
 `` it was ... unbearable ! '' 
 she could feel their eyes on her still , but the lady was instantly at her side , drawing her into a loose embrace . 
 at her touch , sandrena felt the worry wash away from her like filth under a waterfall . 
 she wondered if this were some power of the lady 's , or merely the sincerity of her compassion that she felt . 
 `` he knows , sandrena . 
 he knows we are coming to stop him . 
 and he knows you hold motherspear . '' 
 the embrace tightened , and sandrena felt the lady 's cheek pressed against her own . 
 `` i 'm sorry for placing this burden upon you . '' 
 `` nonsense , '' sandrena said . 
 she returned the embrace to soften her words . 
 `` i chose this ... for you , lady . 
 it is a burden i bear willingly . '' 
 she disengaged and scooped up motherspear , feeling its power reassure her , and turned back to the lady , who also stood . 
 sandrena lifted the spear . 
 `` how does this work ? '' 
 the lady 's sad face wilted further . 
 `` i do n't know exactly , i 'm sorry to say . 
 all i know is that its power is genuine , and immense , and that it reacts to the resonances of our respective realms -- the fourth world as you know it , and the realm of the aberrations as it once was . 
 it 's able to bridge the two worlds . '' 
 `` you do n't know what it does ? '' 
 caella asked , before huffing and turning away , doubtless feeling her faith in berahmain 's divine agents waning . 
 sandrena ignored her . 
 `` does this have the power to undo what was done already ? '' 
 with motherspear , she gestured to the cliff . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i think it may be too much to ask without complete mastery of the spear . 
 success in this venture is stopping the god from destroying everything . 
 anything beyond that would be a plum , in my opinion . '' 
 sandrena crumpled . 
 all that power ... unreachable . 
 she felt as weak and useless as she had when trying to swim under the surface of the pond , knowing what she had to do but lacking in the skill to do it . 
 she had failed that day ; she had n't been able to save laura , or herself . 
 would the same thing happen to her again ? 
 propping the butt of motherspear in the ground , she closed her eyes and leaned her forehead against the tip , letting its seemingly untappable power radiate into her . 
 no . 
 i promise that i will not fail again . 
 though it may not bring you back , i do this for you , little sister . 
 i will be strong enough . 
 just thinking about laura , the unquenchable smile that often graced her face , made sandrena feel that she had the strength to carry on . 
 she even felt the corners of her own lips curl up slightly . 
 when she opened her eyes , she saw the lady gazing at her with interest , head cocked . 
 abruptly , semorie spun into a low crouch , both blades -- a short stabbing sword and a dagger for parrying -- snapping into her hands from out of nowhere . 
 the rest of them froze , ears straining for what set semorie off . 
 sandrena could hear nothing , save for the quiet dragging of metal against leather as the lady crouched to pull her broadsword free of it scabbard . 
 sandrena noticed that the lady 's armor still sat in its ordered fashion next to the lady 's bedroll . 
 korilia drew her bone-hilted knife . 
 rayell lowered her thin-hafted spear , eyes roaming over the grasses . 
 dormaun grabbed a stone off the ground , clutching it in her hands fiercely . 
 while sandrena did n't know if dormaun would be much of a force to reckon with , she admired the woman 's sudden courage . 
 sandrena lowered motherspear , hoping that when the time came , she would know what to do with it . 
 like a flash , semorie darted forward at a crouch , disappearing into the high grasses . 
 all around them , the grass began to stir as if hunters circled them . 
 sandrena 's pulse began to race , her breathing deepening . 
 her palms started sweating ; she gripped motherspear tighter to compensate . 
 she would not fail again . 
 beyond the rustling of grass , she could hear the falling of feet , and a quiet grinding of metal on metal ... the women circled up around the firepit , at least those with weapons . 
 with a determined expression on her white face with her hands folded in front of her in priestly fashion , caella stood in the center of the circle . 
 the lady stood at sandrena 's right , broadsword held out in front of her , tip slanting up . 
 briefly , their eyes met . 
 a snarling shadow leapt straight at sandrena 's face . 
 caught unawares , she stumbled back with a quick shriek . 
 the butt of motherspear caught on a stone , jerking the tip of the spear up -- right into the chest of the strangely shifting , cat-like beast . 
 expecting to feel the resistance of parting flesh , she was surprised when she heard the grating of metal on the spear 's tip . 
 the large beast exploded outward in strings of metal . 
 not flesh at all . 
 they 're made of chains . 
 broken links of white-hot metal bounced off of her . 
 had they made longer contact , they would have burned her . 
 sandrena must have damaged the chain-creature somehow . 
 she did n't have time to think about it . 
 it had abandoned its cat-like form and lashed at her , quick as a whip . 
 before she could react , the chain had wrapped around her throat . 
 she could feel it tightening , choking off her air , sawing into her skin . 
 she felt as if she were holding her breath , unable to get air into her lungs , the air was too far away , if only she could swim faster , unwrap the chain from laura 's neck ... no . 
 motherspear spun in her hands , slicing through the chain in a blazing white blur as if the chain were hemp and not iron , melting the chain on contact . 
 the tightness around her neck loosened , and then fell away , as the chain , separated from the bulk , seemed to die . 
 glorious air filled her lungs . 
 never again . 
 never again will i be a victim . 
 never again will anyone i love be a victim . 
 filled with righteous rage , sandrena advanced . 
 she was no master of the spear -- the sword was her weapon of choice , as it was for most mistclansmen -- but she had practiced long hours ever since meeting rayell in shannod , sparring with her . 
 sandrena had been awkward and slow in practice , but now , she was filled with clarity of purpose , and her movements quick , accurate , and efficient . 
 the chain was now coiled like a snake , the scorched metal of its would-be face darting forward as a snake would , testing its victim 's defenses . 
 the chain seemed wary of motherspear , as well it should be . 
 for some reason , motherspear was able to cut through the chain as if it were a heated sword cutting through a candle . 
 sandrena had never seen it act that way with anything else . 
 sandrena mimicked the chain 's movements , making tiny jabs , careful not to leave openings in her defenses . 
 from out of nowhere , something slammed into her side , throwing her to the ground . 
 it was the lady . 
 who spun just as a second chain shot through the air where sandrena had stood not a moment before . 
 with speed that seemed impossible for a human , the lady , leaning on sandrena to protect her , struck out with her broadsword in a hundred , no , a thousand strikes in mere seconds , parrying the chain in a shower of sparks . 
 sandrena could n't track what was happening at all . 
 the lady 's arm was a blur , her sword rendered invisible with speed . 
 bits of metal shot everywhere , nicking sandrena with a thousand tiny cuts . 
 she had to raise her arm to keep the tiny shards from cutting out her eyes . 
 keeping the mind-bending pace of her strikes , the lady struggled to her feet . 
 `` sandrena , '' she grunted . 
 `` the other chain -- '' sandrena saw movement out of the corner of her eye . 
 and stabbed motherspear forward . 
 the first chain slammed right into the tip , splitting into two white rivulets of liquid metal that parted around it . 
 as if mortally wounded , the chain slithered away into the grass . 
 droplets of the liquid metal spattered on the lady 's back . 
 sandrena scrambled to her feet to do something , but there was no need : the metal burned small holes in the fabric of the lady 's clothes , but merely clung to her skin with no ill effect . 
 sandrena stared , unblinking . 
 but the mystery of the lady had to wait . 
 there were still fights to be had . 
 the lady was pressing her advantage -- or at least it seemed that way , as sandrena could barely make sense of that battle -- so she decided to see which of the others needed help . 
 she made a quick scan of the campsite . 
 dormaun was nowhere to be found . 
 rayell and korilia were teamed up against another chain-beast , this one still in its cat-like form . 
 rayell was favoring one foot ; the ankle was swollen , and probably bruised , though it was impossible to tell since no bruises would show on their skin . 
 across the firepit , semorie was standing stock-still . 
 her left arm was missing below the elbow -- was she boshail , then ? 
 sandrena stared , blinked , then shook her head . 
 no . 
 not important . 
 `` semorie , are -- '' `` i 'm wounded , but alive . 
 do n't worry about me . '' 
 her voice was flat . 
 sandrena nodded in a daze , not sure what good worrying would do at this point anyway . 
 `` where is dormaun ? 
 and caella ? '' 
 the lady stepped to sandrena 's side , breathing heavily but otherwise unharmed . 
 `` need help , sisters ? '' 
 korilia roared forward , slashing like a maniac , though there was form to her mania . 
 short lengths of chain flew from the path of her sudden rampage . 
 then , she stopped , panting heavily . 
 rayell was frozen , staring in awe , then dropped her arms in a disappointed slump . 
 `` i guess not , my lady . '' 
 sandrena scanned the grass for motion . 
 `` is that all of them ? '' 
 `` yes , '' came semorie 's flat voice . 
 still she had not taken her eyes from the point in front of her . 
 sandrena frowned . 
 were those tears ? 
 `` semorie ? '' 
 the faceless woman nodded at the ground at her feet . 
 sandrena hurried over . 
 pushing aside the grass , she gasped . 
 caella lay on the dirt , limbs bent in odd angles , eyes open in death . 
 holes gaped in front and back of her where chains must have punched through . 
 the wounds seemed to drip white paint . 
 her blood . 
 only the redness of the sky seemed to tell the truth about what it was . 
 sandrena fell to her knees at caella 's side . 
 no . 
 i failed . 
 i failed you , caella . 
 i failed you , laura . 
 a scream ripped from sandrena 's throat . 
 5 they found dormaun a short while later , unharmed ... at least physically . 
 she was crouching , rocking back and forth , mumbling something . 
 when sandrena went to rouse her from her disturbed state , the lady put a restraining hand on her arm . 
 `` let her be for now . 
 we 're safe until true morning . '' 
 sandrena nodded and began to shuffle back to the campsite . 
 the others , save dormaun , fell in behind her . 
 the red hue of the clouds seemed to deepen , making the world seem awash with fire . 
 was true morning even going to happen ? 
 did the sun rise in this twisted world ? 
 everything seemed so wrong . 
 sandrena wondered if life would ever go back to normal . 
 she eyed her bedroll with yearning . 
 for once , she wanted to sleep without dreaming or remembering . 
 but there was something that needed to be done first . 
 `` we need to bury caella , '' she said . 
 sandrena was getting sick of burying people . 
 `` no , spear mother , '' semorie said quietly . 
 `` i failed to protect her . 
 i will bury her . '' 
 sandrena opened her mouth to protest , but saw something in semorie 's eyes . 
 `` i understand . '' 
 did she ever . 
 the faceless woman nodded , stalked off . 
 rayell , always so stolid , seemed shaken . 
 `` lady , '' she said , then hesitated . 
 `` will -- now that ca -- now that we are one less , is there any hope that we will succeed ? '' 
 sandrena groaned . 
 in her grief , she had forgotten . 
 in the dreams she had sent them , the lady had told them that not one of them could die lest the mission fail . 
 the bleakness in the lady 's expression echoed what sandrena knew in her heart was true . 
 `` i ca n't ... say for certain . 
 the slight chance we had depended on the seven of us being there , together , when we faced this god . 
 there is power in that number , power i thought we might be able to use against him . 
 i suspected some would die in our battle with him , but before ... '' she shook her head . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i wish i had better news . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 rayell seemed to rediscover her resolve . 
 `` i will fight on . '' 
 `` good , '' said the lady . 
 `` because we do n't really have any choice . 
 the only hope for the fourth world is the six of us . 
 if we do n't at least try , then everyone and everything we know is going to die . 
 forever . '' 
 it was a chilling thought , that sandrena and her bleached-white companions were all that stood between existence and annihilation . 
 though she had untapped some of the spear 's power , it seemed so meager in light of what they would face . 
 she remembered seeing the god in her dream . 
 the chain-creatures were horrible , and had already killed one of them . 
 what chance did they have against a god ? 
 dormaun stepped into the open circle of the campsite , eyes puffy , arms drooping at her sides . 
 that spark of luscious sensuality that always seemed to burn within her was quenched utterly . 
 she sank to her bedroll and lie down , facing away from the rest of them . 
 all was silent . 
 then dormaun spoke . 
 `` that thing , it ... touched me . 
 touched my legs . '' 
 she squeezed her legs together and almost managed to suppress a shudder . 
 `` i do n't like things like that touching me . '' 
 her voice sounded so small . 
 she did n't even seem like a woman anymore , just a scared , abused child . 
 -- doing some real sick stuff to that little gimp before shoving her over the side -- sandrena stifled a sob . 
 jonah 's voice rang through her head like a bell . 
 slowly , its echoing dissipated , and so did the anguish such a memory of a memory always brought . 
 oh , dormaun . 
 what happened to you ? 
 was it the same for all of them ? 
 had all of them been hurt somehow ? 
 is that why every one of them answered the lady 's call ? 
 sandrena took a sharp breath . 
 if it was true that pain bound them to the lady , did that mean that she , too , had suffered ? 
 curious , she glanced over at the lady . 
 whose silver eyes had been fixed on her . 
 watching her . 
 sandrena resisted the impulse to look away from that implacable gaze . 
 no , she searched for something , anything , to help make sense of this hopeless quest . 
 so she stared right back . 
 what she saw there staggered her . 
 desolation . 
 failure . 
 a door , slamming shut . 
 a light snuffed , leaving only night . 
 weakness . 
 frailty . 
 a broken body , a broken heart . 
 she knows she 's going to die . 
 tears streamed down sandrena 's face . 
 she raised a hand , to reach out to the lady , to give her comfort . 
 to give her hope . 
 `` oh , '' she whispered as her voice quavered . 
 `` oh , my lady . '' 
 abruptly , the lady broke eye contact and stood . 
 `` get some sleep if you can . 
 i will stand watch for the rest of the ... '' she glanced up at the red sky . 
 `` night . '' 
 she turned and stepped into the grass . 
 sandrena did n't sleep . 
 she lay there , helpless once again , and trembled . 
 it was all she could do . 
 * * * the sky managed to lighten when the daylight hours came , if not differ from its reddish hue . 
 sandrena did n't know how , but the plains of canterell changed again , in places shifting from the endless grasses to the same baked , black porous stone that comprised the cliffs . 
 the stone sprouted up spontaneously and randomly , yet never when sandrena was looking ; it was as if the stone waited until her back was turned to make its appearance . 
 she found it no wonder they called them the madding shores , if this was how they were . 
 it appeared in strange shapes : spiraling spires , spanning bridges , jagged teeth , incongruously smooth orbs , and other shapes she could n't put a name to . 
 korilia seemed personally affronted at the change to her lands , as if she could n't believe that an implacable force like the madding shores and the god that drove it would dare do such a thing to her . 
 sandrena could even hear her grinding her teeth and muttering to herself , muscles in her bicep bunching as she spun her knife in her hand . 
 sandrena was glad . 
 anger was much more useful than despair . 
 seeing korilia strengthened her . 
 it was a strength she was beginning to need . 
 desperately . 
 she watched the lady , who had been silent after breakfast , when she had described what little she knew of the chain-creatures that had attacked them in the night -- mere tools , not creatures at all , like marionettes with their strings cut and a purpose to give them motion . 
 the lady had been all business then , meeting sandrena 's eyes no more than the others ' , but now she was withdrawn into a private world . 
 one in which she was doubtless coming to grips with her imminent fate . 
 none of the other women spoke , either . 
 it was as if they had returned to the state in which sandrena had found them : frightened , alone , frightened of being alone , uncertain of how to bridge the gap between them to end that loneliness . 
 sandrena wanted to say something to shatter this silence , but she could n't . 
 she was paralyzed by the same feelings as the rest of them . 
 i failed last night . 
 she caught a glance at the lady , a few paces ahead , watching the ground where she stepped , not looking forward . 
 and i will fail again . 
 she could say no words . 
 she could n't even bring herself to hum . 
 the very thought that she would have to watch the lady die was enough to seize her throat . 
 but how could the lady have foreseen her death ? 
 and how could she even die ? 
 she had such power ... power that sandrena could scarcely fathom . 
 using magic unlike any binding sandrena had ever seen , the lady had sealed the stump of semorie 's arm , leaving it rounded in flesh with nary a scar . 
 the lady 's mount , however , which had been picketed a short walk away , had been beyond her help after the attack . 
 and so had caella . 
 there are limits to what she can do , sandrena finally admitted to herself . 
 perhaps surviving this encounter will be one of them . 
 but why did she have hope in sandrena ? 
 why entrust her with motherspear , she who had failed before ? 
 sandrena looked down at the bleached bamboo haft , the white speartip . 
 such power . 
 but nothing like what she experienced in her vision . 
 the god they hunted put such strength to shame . 
 perhaps she , too , should recognize her impending death . 
 the cliffs that had sprung up next to the campsite now loomed all around them as they trekked through the canyon between them . 
 aside from their sudden appearance and the blood-red sky , very little seemed different . 
 sandrena wondered at this . 
 from all accounts of those who had survived contact with the madding shores , more strange things should be happening to them the closer they came . 
 perhaps the lady was mistaken . 
 perhaps what they were experiencing was a result of -- sandrena did n't finish the thought . 
 as she took the next step , her foot seemed to pass through the earth , as if the ground was an illusion . 
 her stomach lurched as she lost her balance . 
 she fell forward , the ground rushing up -- * * * she awoke to the sensation of falling . 
 her head was filled with blinding pain . 
 she could feel the ground beneath her stomach , though for some reason she felt as if she were floating above it , not pulled towards it by the force of her weight . 
 something was tugging at her foot , grinding against her ankle through the leather of her boot . 
 consciousness seemed to flow through her fingers like sand . 
 reluctantly , she opened her eyes . 
 chaos reigned all around her . 
 the cliffs were gone . 
 the ground beneath her was the same ground she had been walking on when last she had been aware . 
 her leg had been swallowed nearly halfway up her thigh . 
 this much sandrena 's mind could understand , if vaguely . 
 everything else ... gone were the red-hued but otherwise normal clouds that had filled the sky before she fell . 
 liquid clouds of blood , like those in her last dream , swirled around her maddeningly , as if the sky were spinning . 
 flashes of red lightning danced between them . 
 a few feet in any direction from where her leg was trapped , the ground was sheared off , as if her little piece of canyon floor had been ripped out of the earth and sent flying through a nightmare . 
 sandrena realized , as she saw other chunks of the canyon wall and floor careening about , seemingly as weightless as she felt , that that was exactly what had happened . 
 pulse racing , she slammed her eyes shut . 
 no . 
 this is n't real . 
 this is n't happening . 
 just a dream again . 
 the ground does n't just explode and float through the air . 
 clouds do n't look like that . 
 this is just the madding shores , wearing at me . 
 this is all just an illusion , a trick of the mind . 
 this is n't real . 
 she opened her eyes , hoping , expecting ... but the world did not go back to normal . 
 sandrena gritted her teeth , gathering whatever fortitude that remained within her . 
 she could n't help what she was seeing . 
 it did n't matter that it did n't make sense to her ; it was still there . 
 it was what she had to deal with as best she could . 
 taking a deep calming breath , she studied the situation . 
 `` okay , '' she said , grateful for the sound of her own voice . 
 `` the ground is gone , and my leg is trapped in a piece of it . 
 the clouds -- '' she closed her eyes briefly ; she was n't ready to deal with that yet . 
 she opened them again . 
 `` other bits of the ground are flying through the air . 
 that was n't in my dream ... motherspear -- '' motherspear was in her hand . 
 she had held it through her unconsciousness and all this madness . 
 her grip on it tightened . 
 it felt like a lifeline to sanity . 
 `` the others ... the lady . 
 where are they ? '' 
 frowning , she glanced in every direction she could from her awkward position , searching for flecks of white in the endless tumult of red . 
 nothing . 
 no sign of any of her sisters or the lady . 
 despair filled her . 
 she was alone . 
 no . 
 she squinted , cursing her eyesight , as she caught sight of something floating toward her , something white . 
 her eyes widened in shock as she realized what it was . 
 dormaun , floating through space , a peaceful smile on her lips , hair rippling out behind her , eyes closed in seeming bliss . 
 everything below her torso was gone . 
 a ragged mess of pale innards spilled out , spraying globules of white blood through the sky . 
 sandrena screamed . 
 tears did not roll down her cheeks , but outwards , no longer feeling gravity 's pull . 
 even they were white , like dormaun 's blood . 
 she was too late for dormaun . 
 were the others dead , too ? 
 had it all been for nothing ? 
 had she come to start caring for these women only to see them butchered before her eyes ? 
 the tugging on her ankle became more insistent . 
 in a fit of fury , sandrena stabbed motherspear into the phantom ground that trapped her leg . 
 she heard sizzling , then a pop . 
 a rattle of chains falling away , and then her leg was free . 
 she started to float away from her chunk of earth . 
 `` that was poorly considered , '' she muttered as she watched it shrink in her field of vision . 
 oh well . 
 nothing to be done for it now . 
 and it had n't been doing her much good anyway . 
 sandrena now had to deal with the problem of moving herself . 
 she tried swimming through the air , to no effect . 
 she would probably have to wait until she reached another errant chunk of rock , and push off of it in the direction she wanted to go . 
 but where did she want to go ? 
 she had no idea if direction even meant anything here , or at least anything useful . 
 a line of black shooting through the air caught her attention . 
 she realized immediately what it was -- a living chain . 
 it was headed towards something . 
 sandrena followed its intended path with her eyes . 
 and saw a human form missing a left arm . 
 poised with a knife in its hand . 
 semorie . 
 still alive . 
 again , sandrena tried to swim toward her , cursing the futility of it when she only seemed to thrash around in place . 
 it reminded her of a time underwater , trying to swim , failing -- something grabbed sandrena 's wrist . 
 she spun , whirling motherspear to prepare for a killing thrust . 
 but it was n't one of the chains that held her wrist . 
 the lady 's silver eyes stared into her own , filled with relief . 
 sandrena collapsed into her embrace , sobbing wildly . 
 `` oh , lady . 
 you 're alive . '' 
 the lady stroked her hair . 
 `` yes , for now . 
 we must go . 
 the god awaits us . 
 he will not stop killing our sisters until he is dead . '' 
 sandrena pushed back to look at the lady 's face . 
 `` semorie -- '' `` will have to fend for herself now . '' 
 `` but i thought i needed them . 
 how can i defeat the god without them ? '' 
 `` there 's no time . 
 come . '' 
 sandrena glanced back at semorie . 
 she could barely make out the chain , which swirled around her , attacking from every direction . 
 semorie was handling it , if only barely . 
 sandrena doubted she would last long . 
 but then the image of the battle fell away . 
 sandrena was moving . 
 or rather , was being pulled along by the lady . 
 she did n't know how it was happening , but the lady did n't seem to have any problems moving through this world . 
 one of the advantages of being one of berahmain 's divine agents , sandrena supposed . 
 she watched semorie fall away out of view . 
 helpless again . 
 tears drifted away from sandrena 's face once more . 
 she glanced back the lady , pulling her along by the hand . 
 the lady 's eyes were fixed forward , drawn to some destination which sandrena could not see . 
 the lady 's posture , still though it was , was clenched in purpose . 
 like a general facing a superior force , knowing that death on the battlefield was the best she could hope for now . 
 yet facing that fate nonetheless . 
 sandrena knew how that felt . 
 she had done the same that day at the pond . 
 because doing nothing is sometimes worse than death . 
 she gave the lady 's hand a squeeze . 
 the lady did not look back , but returned the squeeze in kind . 
 sandrena knew then , like she knew that day at the pond , that she would be willing to die to save her . 
 she just hoped it would n't come to that . 
 out of the corner of her eye , sandrena saw a shadow racing along the clouds of blood . 
 she could n't tell what cast the shadow . 
 her heart gave a lurch . 
 she knew , suddenly , what she was seeing . 
 four more shadows appeared around them , then raced on to meet at some distant point directly ahead of sandrena and the lady . 
 `` he comes , '' whispered the lady . 
 her grip tightened on sandrena 's hand . 
 6 the liquid clouds ahead of them parted , revealing a form wreathed in smoke-like shadows , a man-shaped form , so massive as to dwarf mountains , yet headless . 
 thrashing lines of darkness extended from its back like tentacles , though sandrena knew what they really were . 
 her breath caught in her throat as she heard their metallic clanging . 
 from out of the center of the god 's stomach extended a circular shape , like a shield . 
 sandrena was loathe to remember those yellow eyes , and the horrible , agonizing dissonance they brought with them . 
 she did n't want to see them again . 
 the lady did n't flinch at his appearance . 
 if anything , the floating chunks of rock scattered throughout this land of madness only seemed to pass them more quickly . 
 `` tell me , '' the lady said , her voice sounded somewhat preoccupied . 
 `` these dreams that you have , the ones that are not really dreams . 
 what are they of ? '' 
 sandrena hardly wanted to think about that right now . 
 it was all she could do to keep from screaming in horror at the feelings this confrontation brought up in her . 
 `` if we get through this , i 'll tell you all about it . '' 
 she winced instantly , remembering that the lady did n't expect to get through this day at all . 
 sandrena regretted the words as soon as they left her lips . 
 the lady said nothing in response . 
 ahead of them , the god seemed to loom larger by the second . 
 sandrena could n't fathom how large he was . 
 at the speed they traveled , it seemed they should have reached him long ago . 
 instead , he only seemed to grow . 
 the effect was dizzying and disorienting , only making sandrena 's anxiety-knotted stomach feel worse than it did . 
 i have to be strong . 
 for laura . 
 she glanced at the lady 's bronze-skinned hand , holding her own . 
 for all my sisters . 
 she only hoped that her strength -- and motherspear 's -- would be enough . 
 without a word , the lady flung sandrena forward , releasing her hand . 
 sandrena shot toward the looming god like an arrow , with motherspear as its bodkin . 
 what the tree -- why did she let go ? 
 the yellow eyes opened , and sandrena closed her own . 
 if the universe had had a throat , it would have been ripped raw by the scream that tore through it . 
 the all-consuming shriek was unbearable . 
 sandrena felt as if her bones would vibrate apart , that her ears would begin to rupture and bleed . 
 she ached for the sound to deafen her , so that we would n't have to hear it again , though she knew it was n't merely a sound she heard with her ears . 
 it was a sound that blasted through every fiber of her being . 
 every nerve in her body came alive with tortured agony , yet where her hands gripped motherspear , a tingling , cooling sensation trickled into her fingers , and began to spread outward . 
 with all her might , sandrena focused on this feeling of relief reaching into her , ignoring the god 's soul-rending cry as best she could . 
 abruptly , she smashed into something . 
 hard . 
 sandrena felt like she had fallen out of a third-story window ... yet onto something softer than rocks . 
 something pliable and wet . 
 the impact jarred her teeth . 
 if it had been something harder , she would have likely broken bones . 
 sandrena knew what she had hit before she even looked . 
 one of the god 's eyes . 
 steeling herself against the painful sound , embracing the cooling feeling of motherspear , she swung motherspear into the eye . 
 the surface bent inward , yielding to the tip of motherspear . 
 then it broke . 
 a jet of thick , clear fluid , nearly hot to the touch , sprayed outward fiercely , throwing sandrena backward to spin away from the god . 
 it was all she could do to hang onto motherspear as she tumbled through space , covered with goo . 
 she scrubbed at her face to clear it of the ichorous stuff , both so she could see better and to rid herself of something that had come out of the god 's body . 
 she was tumbling madly , sickeningly . 
 she threw her arms and legs out , spread-eagled , and her rotating slowed to something her stomach could handle . 
 as she spun , she caught a glimpse of the god . 
 fluid continued to jet out of one of its massive eyes , but it seemed otherwise unaffected . 
 sandrena had taken the opportunity given her , and had been unable to kill the god . 
 even motherspear 's strength had not been enough . 
 she did notice that the clanging dissonance had become a barely audible , yet somewhat tolerable hum . 
 she may not have killed the god , but she had distracted it enough to interrupt its harsh song . 
 if only that were enough to save the fourth world . 
 one of the large chunks of the canyon was rolling through the air towards her . 
 at first , sandrena thought it might swing into her and crush her . 
 but if she timed it right ... she slid along its length , barely missed getting clipped by one of the sharp ledges . 
 reached out . 
 felt a stone come loose under her fingers . 
 a nail scraped , snapped loose . 
 white blood dribbled out . 
 cursing berahmain , she clutched at another stone . 
 hung on . 
 sighing deeply , she clung to the rock 's craggy face , and used the opportunity to search for the lady or anyone else she could find . 
 some distance away , two white forms flitted through the air with purpose . 
 sandrena squinted and was able to make them out . 
 korilia . 
 and rayell . 
 both alive . 
 she nearly wept with relief . 
 but where was the lady ? 
 sandrena 's eyes cast about . 
 fear jolted through her when she saw . 
 nearly a dozen of the living chains swam around the lady , whose sword was fending them off in a dazzling , spark-strewing blur , creating a near-invisible , clanging sphere of protection around her . 
 it was n't perfect -- the chains were occasionally able to dash in and strike her . 
 sandrena could n't see very well from this distance , but she knew that the lady was in trouble . 
 sandrena may not have been able to save the fourth world . 
 but perhaps she could save someone . 
 at the moment when the lady had moved into her zenith , sandrena launched off of the rock with all her weight . 
 as she neared , she determined that the lady was also the destination of rayell and korilia . 
 the paths of their flight began to come close to each other , close enough that sandrena could grimly lock eyes with them . 
 `` i 'm glad to see you two alive , '' sandrena nearly shouted . 
 `` more glad than you know . '' 
 rayell nodded , saying nothing . 
 korilia jerked her head in the direction of the lady . 
 `` i guess i 've always known , deep in my heart , that i would fight for the lady . 
 even if came to a choice between her and the iron gods . '' 
 korilia shook her head once . 
 `` all my life . 
 what a fool i 've been . 
 she does not deserve to die in chains . 
 she , more than anyone , does not deserve to be enslaved . '' 
 sandrena knew what it meant for korilia to admit that , what it meant to turn her back on the gods of her clan . 
 korilia no longer saw the lady as something distant or intrusive . 
 she saw her as sandrena did -- as a sister . 
 and thus are korilia and i joined . 
 sandrena wiped the moisture from her eye and glanced ahead . 
 she and the other two were closing in on the lady . 
 who was a-swirl with manic and ferocious violence . 
 yet even so , sandrena could see that the lady 's strength was flagging . 
 her flashing blade was diminishing in speed , and the protective barrier such speed provided was weakening , filling with gaps that the living chains could exploit . 
 what appeared to be quicksilver -- but which sandrena knew to be blood -- smeared across the lady 's tunic , rolled lazily off her left elbow to drift off into the air . 
 one of her silver eyes was swollen shut , the once-copper skin surrounding looking like beaten iron . 
 more of the chains than sandrena could count now encircled the lady , creating an orb of dancing , flashing , grating metal , with the lady at its core . 
 with her one good eye , she caught a glance of sandrena . 
 she could see her name beginning to form on the lady 's lips . 
 sandr -- her sword arm faltered . 
 the chains swarmed in . 
 the orb collapsed in a sudden metallic crunch . 
 sandrena watched in horror . 
 motherspear began to drift from her fingers . 
 no . 
 no ! 
 it could n't happen like this . 
 it could n't ! 
 she had to get closer , to save -- to do something ... sandrena began to thrash wildly , yet nothing she did seemed to make her go any faster . 
 she started screaming and crying uncontrollably , punching and scratching at the air , damning everything yet unable to do anything . 
 `` spear mother ! '' 
 rayell 's voice was stern . 
 `` get a hold of yourself ! 
 you still have a job to do . '' 
 all the fight left her in that moment . 
 `` i ca n't do anything . 
 do n't you see ? 
 i already stabbed the god with motherspear . 
 it barely wounded him . '' 
 she closed her eyes . 
 `` i 'm a failure . '' 
 again . 
 `` idiot ! '' 
 rayell snarled . 
 `` do you think motherspear was meant for stabbing ? '' 
 sandrena opened her eyes , frowned . 
 something rayell said struck a chord . 
 but what else could motherspear do ? 
 in a panic , sandrena seized it before it drifted too far away from her . 
 a few of the chains lifted up from the orb like feelers sniffing their air , as if they were coming to detect the three women floating toward . 
 in a rush , the orb exploded , and a hundred chains soared straight toward them . 
 was motherspear meant for stabbing ? 
 sandrena did n't know . 
 but she did know that it was good at it . 
 the chains attacked her in a frenzy , but sandrena was able to fend them off with a flurry of vicious spinning strokes . 
 she had n't the speed of the lady , but her rage was enough to make mountains quake . 
 it did n't hurt that the chains seemed to be afraid of motherspear . 
 dozens of flailing bits of severed chain floated away from the onslaught , their melted ends still white-hot from motherspear 's touch . 
 sandrena did n't dare take her eyes off her assailants , but she could judge by the grunts of exertion that rayell and korilia were still besieged -- and still alive . 
 her spear work had never been equal to her sword work , and the problem was exacerbated by the fact that she could n't rely on her footing to help her -- there was no such thing as footing in this battle . 
 only motherspear , and her anger . 
 saving the world -- saving the lady was no longer an option . 
 avenging her was all that she had left . 
 tree take my soul if every last one of these chains does n't pay the price for my loss . 
 sandrena redoubled her efforts as her vow fueled her . 
 mere moments later , the final chain succumbed to motherspear 's fiery kiss , scattering the last of her foes . 
 last , save for one . 
 the god still loomed in the distance , darkening her vision . 
 but she did n't face him , knowing that there was nothing more she could do . 
 all she could do was drift helplessly toward the broken body of the lady . 
 after closing the final few feet between them , sandrena took the lady 's body into an embrace . 
 gently , though she knew she could do nothing to aggravate the horrifying wounds . 
 the dead could feel no pain . 
 and sandrena wept . 
 she held the lady close as the lady had held her when sandrena had had her vision , caressing what remained of her hair , smearing it with streaks of quicksilver . 
 shattered bones . 
 shredded skin . 
 she was nothing like the magnificent being she once was . 
 no one could have survived what the lady had gone though . 
 not even a divine agent of berahmain . 
 life had left her as surely as it had left laura , on that day in a life that sandrena had never lived . 
 `` oh , lady , '' she whispered , sobbing gently . 
 `` oh , laura . '' 
 korilia grasped sandrena 's arm to stop her freefall . 
 rayell did the same with korilia . 
 both bowed their heads in silence . 
 and sandrena began to sing . 
 * * * it may have once been a jolly little tune , bouncing and skipping , playful and happy , a perfect counterpart to the utter blackness that had swallowed her . 
 it could have been , but was not . 
 nor was it hummed . 
 she could not keep it within her , this song , restrained or filtered , but let it flow through , full-throated , squeezed out her soul by every muscle in her stomach and her lungs , by every tear in her eye and every beat of her heart . 
 it began as a dirge , funereal and gray , implacable as death and just as bleak . 
 yet threaded throughout these beginnings was a glimmer of hope , of yearning , of beautiful remembrance . 
 that thread of joy soon overwhelmed the darkness , washing it with blessed light . 
 that light dazzled , induced shudders , created ecstasy that rivaled the voice of the one it was supposed to mourn . 
 an ode to those she lost could not be filled with pain . 
 no , the memories of them could only bring her joy , and it was with joy that she sang of their lives . 
 * * * the final note faded into absolute silence . 
 she could hear nothing , not her own breathing nor that of her companions . 
 the haunting dissonance that menaced this world was gone . 
 all was still . 
 the floating chunks of rock had stopped spinning . 
 the liquid clouds of blood no longer roiled . 
 even the metallic clang of chains that came from the shadow looming in the corner of her vision was silenced . 
 the world faded to darkness . 
 everything was obscured . 
 everything , save motherspear , which hummed with a warm , white light . 
 sandrena closed her eyes , and then opened them . 
 she was standing on the parapet of an ancient keep , overlooking sweeps of mountains ranges , and valleys obscured by mists beneath an overcast sky . 
 after so long floating through madness , though it had been perhaps only a few hours , the feel of stone under her feet was disorienting , yet comforting . 
 still in her hand was motherspear . 
 still in her arms was the lady . 
 sandrena stared in shock . 
 the lady was whole once again . 
 even so , her eyes were closed , her limbs limp , her chest unmoving . 
 unsure of what it meant , sandrena gently laid her body down , setting motherspear reverently down beside her . 
 rayell and korilia were standing behind her , and , to sandrena 's vast surprise , so was semorie , her arm restored . 
 all three of them regarded sandrena with wide-eyed awe . 
 a distant roar of thunder and a tremor beneath their feet brought the amazement of their reunion to an end . 
 semorie stepped forward , rubbing her arm where it had once been severed . 
 `` spear mother , '' she said . 
 `` the god . 
 he was not defeated . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 sandrena turned to face the vista . 
 `` but you see , we are in my lands now . '' 
 giving herself a few steps running start , sandrena threw herself over the parapet and into the mists below . 
 * * * the three of them gawked at where sandrena had stood but a few moments before . 
 then rayell threw her head back and laughed . 
 `` i guess that 's why the lady made her spear mother ! '' 
 * * * as soon as sandrena felt the mists kiss her face , she released herself into them . 
 using the power the lady had spoken of , motherspear had brought her home , to the lands of her clan , the mist clan . 
 here , unlike anywhere else in any world , the mists granted her strength . 
 here , she had power . 
 she could finish the task given to her by the lady . 
 she could put an end to this god of aberrations . 
 he would die this day . 
 she rushed along , quick as the wind , her misty form curling around the stones and plants and creatures that inhabited her land . 
 each familiar touch imbued her with additional strength , additional purpose . 
 she would not be turned aside . 
 for the first time ever , sandrena felt like she could achieve something . 
 she could sense her soulbound sword , aching to materialize when she did , aching , as she did , to inflict woe upon her enemy . 
 through the mists that ran through her and all around her , she felt the earth shudder . 
 he was coming closer . 
 good . 
 then she sensed him , looming like a shadow in her vision as he ever did . 
 but this time she was not afraid . 
 even her anger had vanished . 
 now she was eager to meet him . 
 like a bolt of lightning , she shot towards him . 
 arm materialized , and then sword , for the first quick slash of his dark flesh . 
 perhaps it felt like a feather falling on a mountain . 
 but with enough feathers , one could start an avalanche . 
 she slashed endlessly , relentlessly , arm and sword materializing and dispersing into mist as quickly as thought . 
 the god 's flesh was as hard as a tortoise shell , and thicker than sandrena could fathom , but each strike got her a little closer to piercing . 
 the god , furious now , raised his massive foot and brought it smashing down . 
 sandrena briefly materialized her throat and lungs so that she could laugh at him . 
 then she renewed her assault . 
 the god was learning what the armies of the other clans had learned in millennia past : march into the mists , prepare to die . 
 a cut of her soulbound sword finally found the god 's inner flesh beyond its hardened shell . 
 the god christened the ground with his black blood . 
 sandrena sensed them then , what felt like shadows , racing through the mists . 
 but they were n't the shadows that haunted her in memories . 
 they were her people , come to help . 
 every mistclansman for two hundred miles would have sensed the god 's presence rippling through the mists . 
 no longer was it her sword alone , but a dozen swords , then a hundred , grinding into hardened flesh , slowly devouring the god from the bottom up like a pool of acid . 
 and the god was helpless to do anything about it . 
 he toppled to a knee , crushing an acre of trees clinging to the bottom of a mountain 's slope , the chains extending from his back flailing about him futilely . 
 once a hole had been made , the mists began to creep into him , bringing along with them the swords of sandrena 's people , burrowing into his insides like insects . 
 he would be destroyed from within . 
 then two yellow lights like suns appeared above , staring at the world with malice and hate . 
 a scream of dissonance blasted the mists away from him , carrying sandrena and everyone with them . 
 she had n't been prepared for that . 
 she had thought her vengeance was assured , that the god was finally defenseless , as she so often had been . 
 but his shrieking kept the mist away , and with it , any danger to himself . 
 sandrena allowed herself to materialize , naked , as her clothes had been left behind by the ancient keep . 
 she stared at the god . 
 closing her eyes , she began to sing their song once more . 
 as she had discovered it was meant to be sung . 
 the dissonance faltered and died . 
 with the advent of her and laura 's song , the mists began to slowly drift back towards the vulnerable god . 
 but sandrena could see that they would be unnecessary . 
 the god 's flesh was cracking , black blood glistening along the splits . 
 whatever gave his body form was slowly folding . 
 then came the avalanche . 
 the god collapsed into a massive pile of carapace and viscera , tumbling down the mountainside , wiping out trails and trees as if they were spiderwebs , to lie in a gory heap at the mountain 's bottom . 
 the god was dead . 
 what remained was inert . 
 defeated . 
 gone . 
 sandrena fell to her knees , smiling . 
 two misty forms congealed into flesh . 
 `` sandrena , '' said one . 
 `` hello , father . '' 
 she glanced at that one , then the other . 
 `` mother . '' 
 `` are you finally back ? 
 are you finally home ? '' 
 sandrena rose unsteadily to her feet . 
 `` go on ahead . 
 i will be soon . '' 
 she dispersed into mist once more . 
 7 she found them in a library in the upper levels of the keep . 
 rayell was reading , utterly absorbed in some dusty tome , while semorie lounged against one of the aged bookshelves , staring out the glass window into the grayness of the sky with her arms crossed beneath her breasts . 
 korilia , staring about distrustfully at all the bound volumes , noticed sandrena enter the library first . 
 `` uh , spear mother , '' she said , `` would you , ah , like some clothes ? '' 
 a faint dusting of color rose to korilia 's cheeks . 
 color . 
 yes , she could see it now ; the whiteness of their skin and clothing was fading , the original colors slowly coming back . 
 it was strange that such a thing would look remarkable on these women that sandrena had come to know . 
 sandrena nodded her appreciation . 
 `` yes , korilia , i would like that very much . 
 and please . 
 i 'm not the spear mother anymore . 
 i 'm just sandrena . '' 
 `` all we 've found that has n't decayed into dust is men 's clothing . 
 will those do ? '' 
 sandrena smiled . 
 `` those will be just fine . '' 
 korilia stalked out the other arched doorway . 
 rayell had ceased her study of the book and semorie her study of the sky . 
 both were regarding her with open awe . 
 abashed , sandrena turned away . 
 `` stop it , you two . 
 it was n't anything special . '' 
 `` yes , it was , '' said rayell breathlessly . 
 `` you knew how to tap into motherspear 's power . 
 you figured out how to use it to bridge our worlds . '' 
 `` it was n't really like that -- '' `` and , '' interrupted semorie , raising a long finger on her newly restored left arm to emphasize the point , `` you killed a god of aberrations . '' 
 she folded her arms again as if daring sandrena to dispute that fact . 
 which was something sandrena could n't do . 
 instead , she grinned . 
 `` i suppose i did . '' 
 rayell placed her fists on her hips in mock admonishment . 
 `` now , do n't think you can strut around like you 're cock of the roost ! '' 
 sandrena burst out in laughter . 
 korilia chose that moment to return , glanced at the all the hubbub , and rolled her eyes . 
 `` here they are . '' 
 she handed the clothes over , muttering and shaking her head . 
 as sandrena dressed in trousers and a shirt far too baggy for her , the moment passed , and her mirth fizzled . 
 she stared at some point on the ground as she spoke . 
 `` i could n't find the lady where i left her . 
 where is she ? '' 
 `` down the hall , second door on the left , '' came rayell 's sober reply . 
 she jerked her chin in the direction from which korilia had just returned . 
 sandrena nodded and made for the door . 
 `` sandrena . '' 
 she stopped and looked at korilia . 
 a smile lit the woman 's face . 
 it was the first time sandrena had ever seen such a thing . 
 rather than seem unnatural on the perpetually dour woman , it was beautiful . 
 semorie and rayell moved to korilia 's side . 
 they all seemed to be waiting for something , and it was then that sandrena knew that they would all be leaving now , to go back to their homes and lives . 
 the four of them silently embraced . 
 it was farewell enough , for them and for the sisters they had lost along the way . 
 * * * once they had left , sandrena went down that hall and paused at the door , bracing herself against the wall . 
 silent sobs took her . 
 she did n't know if she could face her failure once again . 
 now that the god was dead , vengeance no longer gave her the will to go on . 
 even coming this far had been a terrible effort , but she needed this to put the pain to rest . 
 she needed to bury the lady 's body so that she could move on . 
 maybe ... maybe then she could finally dream . 
 dream of a life all her own . 
 she pushed the wooden door open and stepped into the room . 
 what she saw there nearly stopped her heart . 
 a woman , beautiful , strange yet familiar , stood on the balcony at the other side of the room , overlooking the mists . 
 hands the color of bronze rested on the railing gently , as if savoring the feel of the stone under her fingertips , as if amazed that they would ever be able to feel such a thing again . 
 hair as white as sandrena 's had been danced joyfully in the mountain breeze sweeping over the walls and ramparts of the ancient keep . 
 the woman turned , and sandrena beheld eyes of silver . 
 without smiling , without expression of any kind , the lady said , `` i was n't sure you 'd remember . '' 
 sandrena gaped . 
 of all the things she had seen lately , this astounded her the most . 
 she had seen the lady crushed to pulp , seen all life squeezed out of her ruined body . 
 but she had also seen her body restored , if not to life , then to form . 
 and resurrection was not something that was alien to the people of the fourth world . 
 a thousand questions assailed her at once . 
 the first one that she could clutch onto coherently was , `` remember what ? '' 
 then the lady did smile . 
 her face radiated joy . 
 `` our song , of course . '' 
 `` our ... song ? '' 
 sandrena leaned heavily against the door jamb . 
 slid to the floor . 
 alarmed , the lady rushed over to sandrena and gathered her up in her arms . 
 `` i -- i 'm sorry , '' she stammered . 
 `` i thought you knew . '' 
 sandrena did n't know . 
 she could n't even think . 
 the words entered her mind -- our song -- and everything seized up within her . 
 `` knew ? '' 
 she managed . 
 the lady held her close , arms wrapped tightly around her . 
 sandrena could smell the lady 's hair ; it smelled nothing like she remembered her little sister 's smelling , her little sister from a life she never lived . 
 sandrena had always wondered if there was something wrong with her mind ; why else would she have such strange memories , memories of events she knew never happened to her ? 
 yet she remembered them ; they were her memories . 
 they defined her as much as any experience she had had on the fourth world . 
 all of that flew out of her head like leaves on the wind . 
 all she was left with was this moment . 
 now . 
 with my sister , my true sister , holding me . 
 tears fell from sandra 's eyes , onto laura 's neck . 
 she returned the embrace , gripping her fiercely , remembering all the joy that little blond girl had given her in that other life , and silently thanking her for it . 
 laura 's voice was soft in her ear . 
 `` i knew you would save me again . '' 
 `` again ? 
 what do you mean ? 
 i tried to save you last time , but i did n't . 
 i failed . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 laura gently pushed herself away so that she could look into sandra 's eyes . 
 she was crying , too . 
 `` no , you did n't fail . 
 dad came and got the water out of my lungs . '' 
 she smiled , though sandra could see the pain in her beautiful silver eyes . 
 `` he chased off the second hill boys , and eventually ran them out . 
 i never saw them again . '' 
 `` so ... you -- '' laura smiled the smile that sandra remembered , the one that righted all the wrongs in the world . 
 `` yes . 
 i lived , all thanks to you . '' 
 sandra could n't decide whether to laugh , cry , or tighten her embrace , so she did all three . 
 soon , they were out on the balcony , laura telling her stories of her life after that day while the sky darkened . 
 sandra laughed when she heard how her father made a cart for laura that the dog could pull and how she had taken many a spill out of it . 
 she wept when laura told her of the day mom died , trying to give birth to a brother who also did n't survive . 
 she nodded in satisfaction as laura told her what dad had done to rid the villages of ian and jonah , and gasped in shock when she learned that devvy had murdered them . 
 `` the last day i saw dad was the day i started walking . '' 
 `` you ... walked ? '' 
 laura smiled , eyes abstracted as she remembered . 
 `` it was hard , but yes . 
 the healers could n't figure it out . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` but i was stubborn . 
 nothing was going to stop me . '' 
 sandra knew the truth of that . 
 `` sandrena , '' said laura , suddenly somber . 
 `` i 'm afraid i 'm going to do something very cruel to you . '' 
 sandrena stomach turned . 
 she met the lady 's gaze . 
 `` you 're going to make me forget , are n't you ? '' 
 `` those memories . 
 they 're from another world . 
 they do n't really belong to you . '' 
 sandrena shook her head . 
 `` you 're wrong , little sister . 
 they are me . '' 
 `` i 'm not laura anymore . 
 i 'm the lady now . 
 i have to make sure that berahmain 's plans are followed . 
 you remembering that other world disrupts the order that the god fights for . '' 
 sandrena had come into that room , planning on burying the body of the lady . 
 she had come here knowing that it was time to forget . 
 `` will i forget this conversation ? '' 
 the lady withdrew within herself as she considered . 
 `` technically , i could let you keep it , but it would n't make much sense to you without those other memories . 
 it will seem little more than an addled dream . '' 
 a dream . 
 a dream of my very own . 
 sandrena breathed in deeply , sighed it all out . 
 `` will you remember me ? 
 will you remember ... sandra ? '' 
 a fresh tear rolled down her copper cheek . 
 `` always . '' 
 sandrena nodded . 
 `` then let me remember this at least . '' 
 the lady 's voice was little more than a whisper . 
 `` always . '' 
 `` goodbye , little sister . '' 
 `` goodbye , big sister . '' 
 * * * when sandrena slept that night , she dreamt . 
 she dreamt of love and loss , of tragedy and triumph , of life and death . 
 she dreamt of a little girl on crutches , whose smile could save the world . 
 when sandrena awoke the next day , her dreams faded , forgotten . 
 she did not mind . 
 she knew that the dreams would return , and give a glimpse into a world that never was , and a life she never lived . 
 about the author though having only discovered fantasy fiction in his adult life , brandon was raised on a steady diet of science fiction novels , instilling in him the sense of wonder that eventually culminated in his becoming a fantasy author . 
 he has lived in washington state for most of his life , though he currently resides in japan , and received a degree in philosophy from the university of washington in seattle . 
 like many authors before him , he was attracted to fantasy for its ability to provide a backdrop for exploring philosophical themes , many of which permeate the stories of the fourth world . 
 please visit his website . 
 like him on facebook . 
 follow him on twitter . 
 thank you for reading ! 
 if you enjoyed it , please take a moment to leave a review at your favorite retailer . 
 thanks again ! 
