 freaking freak jon jacks other new adult and children 's books by jon jacks the caught -- the rules -- chapter one -- the changes -- sleeping ugly the barking detective agency -- the healing -- the lost fairy tale a horse for a kingdom -- charity -- the most beautiful things -- the last train the dream swallowers -- nyx ; granddaughter of the night -- jonah and the alligator glastonbury sirens -- dr jekyll 's maid -- the 500-year circus p -- the endless game -- dorian a -- wyrd girl -- the wicker slippers heartache high -lrb- vol i -rrb- -- heartache high : the primer -lrb- vol ii -rrb- -- heartache high : the wakening -lrb- vol iii -rrb- miss terry charm , merry kris mouse & the silver egg seecrets -- the cull -- dragonsapien -- the boy in white linen -- porcelain princess text copyright © 2014 jon jacks all rights reserved text copyright © 2014 jon jacks all rights reserved smashwords edition , license notes thank you for downloading this ebook . 
 it remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be reproduced , copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes . 
 thank you for your support . 
 ` the finest gloves , the softest leather ; a second skin -- a most sensuous experience . ' 
 nonpareil haute couture . 
 a veritable delight for the senses * chapter 1 so -- i 've finally plucked up the courage to come here , to stand here ; right on the very edge of the bridge . 
 where it only takes one slip and -- well , that 's what i 'm here for though , is n't it ? 
 wondering if i should put an end to this unbearable sense of emptiness . 
 this sense that i 'm just a shell . 
 that the person i used to be has been carved out and simply tossed away . 
 so , the question is -- should i jump or not ? 
 * just looking down makes me feel all creepy and queasy . 
 it 's only when you 're at the very edge , staring down towards the rocks and river far below , that you realise just how high the bridge is . 
 there 's a part of me screaming that i should step back away from the edge -- another part screaming even louder that i should go ahead , get it over with . 
 even if it 's just by letting myself slowly tip forward , rather than madly leaping out into space . 
 did n't i read somewhere that it 's a common sensation , this urge to step out into empty air whenever you 're standing on the edge of a high drop ? 
 that 's why we always feel a little dizzy , a little bit frightened . 
 what 's nature playing at , giving us an instinct like that ? 
 like there 's a little bit of lemming in every one of us . 
 glancing down at the rocks beneath me , it 's crazy , i know , but i ca n't help thinking -- is it all over quickly , in an instant , like all the lights suddenly going out ? 
 or is it all agonisingly slow ? 
 you know , time slowing down for you , and all that sort of thing ? 
 that does n't sound good at all , does it ? 
 perhaps i have n't exactly chosen the best way to die . 
 not that , i suppose , there really is a best way . 
 for another thing , my body 's going to look one heck of a mess , do n't you think ? 
 laid out in my coffin with the lid closed . 
 otherwise they 'll be handing round the sick bags in the church . 
 not exactly snow white , is it ? 
 you know , with all the distraught , weeping dwarves surrounding her in her beautiful glass coffin . 
 and all i 'd be doing is leaving the ground open for some other girl to move in on jase . 
 i mean , it is n't as if i 've even really tried to win him back yet , have i ? 
 this new girl , this fiona , it 's probably all just an infatuation . 
 one jase will soon grow out of . 
 so maybe i should jus -- ` jump , damn you ! 
 jump ! ' 
 someone suddenly screams . 
 and it makes me jump . 
 * chapter 2 not that i 'd intended -- not at this point , anyway -- to jump . 
 originally , i 'd just ` jumped ' in the way you 're startled by someone screaming at you . 
 i started to turn around , to see who 's shouting at me . 
 and what do you know ? 
 -- it 's fiona . 
 fiona , the stealer of my beloved jase . 
 even when angry , with her face contorted in fury , i 've got to admit she somehow still manages to look beautiful . 
 all that thick , flowing , incredibly witch-black hair -- it always helps , does n't it ? 
 but the way i 'd jumped , combined with the sudden whirling around -- all on the edge of a dangerous fall ? 
 it 's not advisable , is it ? 
 one of my feet slips on a mix of loose pebbles and dried soil . 
 the foot shoots out into empty air . 
 i try to regain my balance . 
 try to support all my weight on the leg still standing on solid ground . 
 it does n't work . 
 i flail out with my arms , reaching out in the hope of finding something , anything , i can grab hold of . 
 nothing . 
 there 's nothing within reach that i can grasp to stop myself toppling backwards . 
 backwards over the edge of the precipitous drop of kingstown bridge . 
 i 'm falling . 
 falling towards the rocks lying far below . 
 * i 'm taking all this surprisingly calmly , you might think . 
 that 's because , somehow , strangely , i ca n't believe this is really happening . 
 you know ; like when something really terrible 's happening to you , but thankfully there 's a part of you telling you , hey , do n't worry -- it 's all so crazy , it just has to be a dream ! 
 has n't it ? 
 in a while , you 'll wake up , thinking , wow , what a nightmare that was ! 
 unfortunately , there 's another part of me that 's absolutely petrified . 
 the part that knows this really is happening . 
 fortunately , before this part of me can kick in , i pass out . 
 * chapter 3 as i begin to come round , i groan in agony . 
 everywhere hurts ! 
 my head . 
 my arms . 
 my body . 
 my legs . 
 my intestines . 
 my lungs . 
 wow , you have no idea what pain is until you jump off kingstown bridge ! 
 and , weirdest thing is , it 's not just the sort of totally agonising pain you 'd expect after hitting the ground hard after a long fall . 
 there are god knows how many sharper points of pain ; like someone who really hates me is going to work on me with a heated needle . 
 even weirder , it feels like my skin is being stretched , pulled . 
 like some other person in serious need of care is having a rare old time treating my skin as if it 's a piece of exquisite cloth . 
 and she 's decided to transform it all into a magical dress for cinderella . 
 i force my eyes to flicker open . 
 everything 's blurred . 
 yet the light is still painfully bright . 
 i hurriedly shut my eyes again . 
 i 'm still dazed , but i 'm beginning to sense a hurried , urgent movement going on around me . 
 i can feel the air move as people draw close , move aside , retreat . 
 as they move towards me , i can feel hands grasping and lifting my arms . 
 or twisting a leg . 
 or pressing and tugging hard on my chest , my hips , my ribs . 
 it 's not a tender care , either . 
 it 's rushed , almost panicked . 
 and at times quite brutal . 
 there 's also a buzz of voices , with not even a word of it making any sense to me . 
 almost as if the surgeons and nurses are deliberately conversing in some alien language , so as not to alarm me . 
 because , sure , i get it now . 
 i 'm being operated on . 
 i 'm being saved . 
 i survived . 
 i survived falling off kingstown bridge ! 
 but ... in just what sort of condition am i going to be in ? 
 * just what am i doing here ? 
 i ... i really really do n't know . 
 sure , i 've taken it bad , all this being dumped thing . 
 and suddenly , i just feel like i 'm nothing special after all . 
 like i 'm a nobody . 
 but ... to think of ending it all ? 
 that 's crazy , is n't it ? 
 i mean , it 's not as if it 's really the end of the world , is it ? 
 a boy breaking up with me . 
 a boy i never even knew until just a few weeks back . 
 it 's not as if i still have n't got so much to live for , after all . 
 sure my mum and dad are n't exactly the most attentive parents around . 
 and my friends have all deserted me . 
 -lrb- well , since jackie turned up , anyway . -rrb- 
 but my looks ; i 've still got my looks . 
 have n't i ? 
 i mean , hospitals these days ; they can perform miracles , ca n't they ? 
 and i 'll look even better in a few years , when mum and dad finally get around to letting me have a bit more work tidying up my chin . 
 sure , they say i 'm not ready for it , that i should put it off , ` until you feel more comfortable about yourself . ' 
 this from parents who could regularly fly out to the caribbean and back if their plastic surgeons and trichologists handed out air miles . 
 okay , so i admit they 've allowed me to have a little bit of help too . 
 just the tiniest tweaking of the nose . 
 a fifteenth birthday present from mum . 
 but just who does n't have that sort of enhancement these days ? 
 so look -- just get over it , girl ! 
 it 's happened to other girls before . 
 it 'll happen to other girls again too . 
 it 's not even like i am just some other girl , is it ? 
 i 'm jill paxton , one of the most beautiful girls in school . 
 one that any other boy would give anything to go out with . 
 and as for jase ? 
 is he really so great ? 
 jason withers , the boy who ... who ... who used to hold me closely in his arms . 
 who used to gently kiss me on my neck . 
 the edges of my chin . 
 my cheek -- then , at last , finally move towards my lips . 
 who used to tell me how wonderful i was . 
 how he could n't live without me . 
 oh , it 's no good ! 
 i ca n't think of anything bad about him ! 
 no matter how hard i try ! 
 he 's beautiful ! 
 gorgeous ! 
 he has hair a californian surfer would give up his last surfboard for . 
 the kind of body i 've only ever seen before in illustrations of young , greek gods . 
 a smile that either instantly melts your heart . 
 or reminds you you really should be visiting your dentist more often . 
 in fact , there 's only one thing bad about jase withers . 
 he broke up with me . 
 * dragging my eyes open once again is much more difficult than i 'd imagined it would be . 
 i slightly twist my head , briefly look about me . 
 boy , am i pumped up to bursting point with drugs ! 
 either that , or i 'm being treated in freaksville hospital 's emergency department . 
 to call these guys elves or goblins would be too kind to them . 
 they 're full blown freaks ! 
 dr frankenstein 's earlier , less successful efforts ; all pieced together from bits and pieces of the human equivalent of a reclamation yard . 
 just as an extra , whimsical touch , he 's even thrown in a few animal parts too . 
 the way they work , it 's more like they 're patching up a boat rather than repairing a body ; all meat hooks , saws and huge darning needles , rather than the delicate finesse of expertly wielded surgical tools . 
 the strands they 're sewing me up with are as thick as rope , as lively as snakes , writhing in protest as they 're violently threaded into my skin . 
 and whaddya know , in my spaced-out haze i even get to kid myself i can see them bringing out the reclaimed body parts . 
 they 're passing what looks like severed limbs through what could be an old fashioned washing mangle . 
 ` how 's she coming along ? ' 
 a voice i can actually understand asks concernedly . 
 jase leans over me . 
 he smiles . 
 he backs away . 
 ` good , good , ' he says in reply to some garbled comment . 
 ` she 's far too useful to go to waste ! ' 
 yeah , as i suspected ; i 'm like totally drugged up to the eyeballs , are n't i ? 
 * chapter 4 what an idiot ! 
 what a stupid thing to do ! 
 just how on earth was trying to kill myself going to solve anything ? 
 wait ; i had tried to walk away from the bridge edge , had n't i ? 
 i 'd already worked out that killing myself was just going to leave jase in fiona 's arms and -- fiona ! 
 she was there , at the bridge -- was n't she ? 
 or -- am i just imagining it ? 
 i 'm still too dazed , too confused , to be sure . 
 did she push me ? 
 no , i do n't think she did . 
 not physically , anyway . 
 but mentally ? 
 sure , she 'd pushed me towards kingstown bridge , because she 'd so effortlessly taken jase off me . 
 but ... but ... am i really so weak , so pathetic , that i 'd want to commit suicide over that ? 
 no , no ; it was the gloves ! 
 somehow , i 'm sure , it was those damned , amazing gloves that had made me do it ! 
 * i 'd never seen gloves like these before . 
 never felt leather that was so soft , so supple , so cool to the touch . 
 even just holding them in my hand , i sensed that they were special , unique . 
 ` oh my gawd ; they must 've cost a fortune , ' i breathed excitedly to jacqueline . 
 ` they probably did , ' jackie agreed surprisingly calmly . 
 ` they were my grandma 's ; she was a famous actress . 
 well , a hollywood starlet , anyway ; helen `` hezzy '' heston . 
 back in the heydays of the movie business . ' 
 ` your grandma 's ? ' 
 i tried to keep the scepticism out of my voice . 
 ` they look like they were only made yesterday . ' 
 it was true , not an exaggeration . 
 despite the leather being ridiculously , impractically thin , there was absolutely no sign of wear that i could see . 
 i mean , if anyone had worn gloves this thin regularly , the fingertips at the very least would have been worn down to a ghostly transparency . 
 or , more likely still , ragged holes . 
 all the stitching was also remarkably intact . 
 there was n't a single loose thread , despite the stitching being the finest , most delicate i had ever seen . 
 the seams were almost invisible . 
 the leather itself was still perfectly white , and hardly creased , as if the gloves had been kept in their case since the day they 'd been purchased . 
 works of art to be admired but never worn . 
 ` well , like me , i think gran sorta dabbled , ' jackie said , attempting to explain the gloves ' remarkable condition . 
 ` you know , in spells , witchcraft . 
 that kinda thing . ' 
 i could n't help raising an eyebrow in disbelief , but held back any temptation to scoff . 
 jackie takes her dabbling seriously , appreciating the air of mystery it gives her . 
 no one believes she 's got any real powers , of course . 
 even so , just to be on the safe side , even the very worst girls at school leave her alone with a dismissive , ` ahh , forget it -- she 's not even worth bothering with , is she ? ' 
 besides , there was another reason why i did n't laugh . 
 i was intrigued . 
 i wanted what she was saying to be true . 
 i wanted the gloves to be somehow magical . 
 it seemed fitting , natural , that such an amazingly beautiful pair of gloves possessed otherworld qualities . 
 i slipped the glove onto my hands . 
 they were long gloves . 
 just pulling them on , smoothing them up my arms , flexing my fingers so they eased into the gloves ' deliciously soft , surprisingly warm embrace , was a delightfully sensuous experience in its own right . 
 admiring them on my hands , i immediately felt more sophisticated , refined -- and so incredibly beautiful , as if all the beauty and agelessness of the gloves were somehow being transferred to me . 
 all this from a pair of gloves ? 
 have n't you got one of those dresses that , almost magically , just makes you feel so much better about yourself ? 
 you know ; it flatters you , makes the most of your best features , somehow hides or pulls in the worst bits ? 
 suddenly , voila -- you 're jennifer lawrence on the red carpet , or maybe even holly golightly in breakfast at tiffany 's . 
 -lrb- well , that 's my idea of sophistication , anyway . -rrb- 
 and these gloves ; well , let 's face it , they 're something beyond , something superior , to even that magical little dress . 
 i did n't have to admire myself in a mirror , to preen and prance and pose , to just know that i was wildly , impossibly gorgeous . 
 my whole body was screaming out to me that i was a goddess ! 
 that i was desirable . 
 seductive . 
 irresistible ! 
 i ran my gloved hands lightly across my cheeks . 
 passed them delicately across my lips , my chin . 
 i crossed my arms as i caressed my neck , lifting my head high as i did so . 
 my hands ran tenderly across my shoulders , my breastbones , my breasts . 
 they dropped lower , embracing my waist , spreading as they took in the rising of my hips . 
 i gasped , moaned with surprise and delight , as if they were a lover 's hands , not mine . 
 hands exploring and appreciating the indents , the curves , the areas of suppleness , of malleability , of hardness . 
 yet they were also my hands , my fingers . 
 hands sensing my lover 's -- lovers ' ! 
 -- bodies . 
 i felt as if i had been kissed thousands of times , in a thousand places . 
 as if i had also kissed a thousand times , exploring and experiencing so many sensations with my own mouth , my own lips , my tongue . 
 it was every experience of a young , exuberant hollywood starlet . 
 experiences that had somehow been retained within the gloves . 
 experiences that i was now reliving , all for myself . 
 impossible ? 
 of course it is . 
 i knew that . 
 but i also , suddenly , knew things that no girl my age would normally know . 
 * chapter 5 i wake up again . 
 i blink . 
 the light shining into my eyes is bright and slightly painful . 
 i look about me , wondering if the operation 's over . 
 i ca n't hear any of the excitable sounds that had surrounded me earlier . 
 there is n't anyone there . 
 there is n't any operating theatre either . 
 i 'm lying surprisingly comfortably between two large rocks . 
 and , looking up , i realise i 'm lying amongst the rocks at the base of kingstown bridge . 
 * so all that weird operation was -- what ? 
 a bizarre dream ? 
 a delusion , caused by the fall ? 
 i tentatively glance down across my body -- being careful not to move my head too much , in case my back 's broken -- dreading what i 'm going to see . 
 i ca n't feel any pain . 
 and , strangely , my body , at first glance , looks okay . 
 i move an arm . 
 it moves as i want it to move . 
 it does n't even ache , not even slightly . 
 when i bring my hand and forearm up to my eyes , i 'm amazed to see that it is n't cut or grazed . 
 there is n't any sign of bruising either . 
 there is n't any sign of any damage that i can see . 
 my other arm 's exactly the same ; it moves easily . 
 there is n't any obvious injury . 
 i can feel my legs rise and lower , see them come into the lower edges of my view . 
 when i raise my head , i 'm still expecting a sharp surge of pain , a warning that my back had taken all the impact of the fall -- but once again , there 's nothing . 
 no pain , no strain on my movement . 
 i push myself up onto my feet . 
 i dust myself down . 
 that 's it ; that 's all i 'd suffered from the fall . 
 a light smattering of dust covering parts of my clothes . 
 there are n't any rips in my clothes . 
 they 're just a little creased . 
 mainly , it seemed , from the awkward way i 'd been lying between the rocks . 
 i glance back at the looming kingstown bridge , looking up towards the road where i 'd fallen from . 
 how could i survive a fall like that ? 
 had i simply imagined it all ? 
 had i just come down here for a sleep , and dreamt absolutely everything ? 
 * chapter 6 no , i had n't just gone to sleep down there in king 's river valley . 
 i realised that when , after struggling my way up through a tangle of bushes and brambles , and slipping back a number of times on loose shale , i emerged from the valley with more bruises , cuts and tears in my clothes than i 'd suffered from the fall . 
 there was no way i would have made my way through this miniature jungle just to have a nap between two large , uncomfortable rocks . 
 no way that i was that mad . 
 mad enough to think of jumping off kingstown bridge ? 
 -- maybe , what with the way jase has been treating me lately . 
 mad enough to fight my way through brambles and tear myself to shreds so that i 'd look a complete mess when i got to school ? 
 -- no siree ! 
 i should n't complain , i suppose , seeing as how , by rights , by any understanding of how physics works -- namely , when you drop something off a high bridge , it is n't going to come out of it very well , is it ? 
 -- i should be at best a mangled , barely-alive mess . 
 but know what ? 
 -- i am complaining , because i 'm suffering the nearest equivalent to death by a thousand cuts ! 
 ` jill ! 
 what ... what are you doing here ? ' 
 jackie says it like she 'd be less surprised to see her grandma hezzy walking towards her . 
 she 's all gawping mouth and wide , disbelieving eyes . 
 then again , i do look a complete mess . 
 ` same as you jackie , ' i reply miserably . 
 ` turning up late for school . 
 what are you doing here , come to that ? ' 
 ` i ... i had n't seen you , so i 'd sorta hung around , waiting for you . ' 
 her mouth 's still hanging wide , like she ca n't work out how i could have possibly ended up looking like i 've had an argument with a bear . 
 ` you know ; on account of how you have n't been yourself lately ? ' 
 she continues . 
 ` i was worried for you . ' 
 yeah , you and absolutely no one else it seems , jackie , i want to say to her . 
 no one else is hanging around outside the school gates , worried for me , wondering why i had n't turned up twenty minutes before the bell goes , like i normally do . 
 obviously , all my so called friends had n't really cottoned on to the fact that i was really really really depressed that jase had fallen out with me ! 
 well , all of them apart from jackie , of course . 
 -lrb- course , my ex-friends would point out that jackie 's the reason they have n't been hanging out with me . 
 ` you do n't call on us anymore , remember jill ? ' 
 cath would remind me , as she does every time i 've complained that they 're all avoiding me . -rrb- 
 ` what happened to you ? ' 
 jackie asks , looking me up and down , taking in the dishevelled hair , the cuts , the ripped clothes . 
 ` do n't ask , ' i grumble . 
 ` let 's just say , do n't ever take a short cut through the brambles in king 's river valley . ' 
 ` king 's river valley ? 
 what on earth would you be doing down there ? ' 
 ` oh , i sort of , you know -- fell into it . ' 
 ` fell into it ? 
 how do you fall into king 's river valley ? ' 
 damn ! 
 just great ! 
 now i 've gone and made myself sound like i ca n't even keep steady on my feet . 
 as if it 's all just an everyday occurrence for me to go tumbling into a valley full of brambles . 
 ` i mean , i did n't fall , so much as -- well , it was fiona , if you must know ! ' 
 i blurt out defensively . 
 ` fiona ? 
 fiona pushed you into the valley ? ' 
 jackie 's appalled , her mouth once again gaping in shock . 
 ` why would she do that ? ' 
 jackie adds suspiciously . 
 ` i mean , no offence and all that jill -- but she , well , let 's face it , she ... ' ` spit it out , jackie ! ' 
 i say resignedly , even though i 've got a good idea where this is going . 
 ` well , sorry jill , but you know -- i could understand if you pushed fiona into the brambles , but ... ' ` but fiona 's already humiliated me enough , right ? ' 
 jackie at least has the decency to look embarrassed for pointing out this undisputable fact . 
 then again , it 's not really that easy to tell how she 's feeling from her facial expressions , seeing as how she 's plastered it with white and purple makeup , like she 's been in permanent mourning since around eighteen hundred and eighty . 
 ` sorry , jill , but ... well , that is true is n't it ? ' 
 ` so you do n't believe that fiona made me fall into king 's river valley ? ' 
 ` i was , well , just asking , that 's all . ' 
 she makes an attempt at a conciliatory smile . 
 ` look , do you want to head to the toilets and start cleaning yourself up a bit while i head on to class and make an excuse for us both ? ' 
 ` such as ? ' 
 ` such as we both fell into king 's river valley ? 
 and you got the worst of it helping me out ? ' 
 she gives me another weak smile as i glance down disapprovingly at jackie 's long black dress . 
 ` they might want to know how you 've come out of a row of brambles without a single tear to your dress . ' 
 ` you 're right ! ' 
 jackie agrees , bending and taking a handful of pleats in her hands in readiness to rip the material apart . 
 ` no , no , do n't be silly jackie ! ' 
 i quickly place my hands on hers , just in time to stop her pulling them apart and tearing her dress . 
 her dress is all black and layers of frills and lace , just one of a whole wardrobe of similar dresses she 's bought from junk and second-hand shops . 
 does any of it come anywhere near what school rules allow ? 
 no way . 
 rumour has it , her parents have informed our headmistress that jackie 's a manic depressive . 
 stopping her from dressing how she wants might tip her over the edge again . 
 me , i 've got my own theory on why miss hedges lets jackie get away with it . 
 i reckon jackie lets miss try on the gloves every now and again . 
 that would account for how sour-faced miss hedges no longer stalks the corridors looking like she 's always snacking on lemons . 
 now , rather , she floats around with the blissful smile of someone in the very first stages of a glorious love affair . 
 yeah , that 's what the gloves can do for you , as unbelievable as it sounds . 
 ` thanks , ' i say to jackie as she lets the folds of her dress go and looks up at me . 
 ` thanks for trying to make sure i do n't enter class looking like a complete freak . ' 
 jackie grins , a grin that once again looks odd on her mournful face . 
 ` hey , no problem , ' she says . 
 ` i mean , it 's not as if i want you taking over my role as class freak , right ? ' 
 * chapter 7 yeah , today , i am running pretty close to looking even freakier than jackie . 
 even her hair -- frizzed up and tangled like it 's been like that eons before anyone came up with the idea of conditioners -- has nothing on the way mine looks at the moment . 
 it 's almost impossible to run my fingers through it . 
 a comb just becomes some dainty , colourful decoration stuck amongst the maze of intertwined strands . 
 great , huh ? 
 looking at myself in the bathroom mirror , i could cry ; and i mean like really cry ! 
 is this what i 've become ? 
 some pathetic , suicidal freak , who looks like she 's been modelling herself on every ugly goth she 's seen . 
 i 'm even tempted to head on home , but i 've had enough humiliation for today , thank you very much . 
 who would i catch coming out of the bedroom , demanding to know what i 'm doing home from school so early ? 
 mum again , trying to make out her pilates coach is just there to help her practise her breathing exercises ? 
 or dad and whoever his personal assistant happens to be at the moment , someone who 's bound to be not much older than i am ? 
 -lrb- as the delicately divine little miss we-could-be-friends-maybe-even-like-sisters flowers always points out . -rrb- 
 thing is , would little miss flowers think dad was ` really quite dashing ' if she 'd seen him before his last and most successful hair transplant ? 
 or , for that matter , would enrique continue to see mum as ` all woman ' if he realised just how much of her is nothing but surgical enhancements ? 
 anyway , fine welcome i 'd get . 
 nope , no matter how terrible i look , i 'm going to have to attend class . 
 * as soon as i turn up in class , i recognise the kind of looks i 'm getting ; pitying at best , barely controlled sniggering at just about the worst . 
 i say ` just about the worst ' because the worst is undoubtedly the disbelieving stare i 'm getting from jase . 
 like he really ca n't work out how i 've managed to sink so low in just a matter of days . 
 like he really really really ca n't fathom how he ever thought i was attractive enough for him to go out with . 
 cath even briefly glances up from hypnotically staring at her mobile 's screen . 
 that 's a rare enough occurrence at the best of times , but even more so when she 's trying to call up the last few pages before she 's told to put the phone away as class starts . 
 her eyes widen in surprise as she sees me , a look that says she wishes she had n't looked up after all . 
 like she 's wondering just what the heck is happening to the girl she used to call her best friend , her ` soul girl ' . 
 as i sit down next to jackie , i think i pick up another kind of look from jase . 
 one that says , ` well , if you 're gon na hang out with a freak , you 're gon na end up looking like one , are n't you ? ' 
 * the day jackie had first arrived in class , she 'd received more or less the very same kind of looks from the rest of the class that i 'm suffering . 
 pity . 
 barely hidden amusement . 
 disbelief . 
 and yeah , i 'd been one of those recoiling with distaste . 
 recognising straight away that hanging around with a girl like that was a sure way to end up just as freaky and unpopular . 
 look , i was a different person then , okay ? 
 popular , extremely pretty , lots-of-fun jill . 
 as opposed to the abandoned , raggedly dishevelled , near-suicidal girl you see before you now . 
 sighhhhh . 
 it 's not jackie 's fault , understand ? 
 it 's all my fault , no doubt about it . 
 jackie did n't mind being a loner . 
 she relished it , really . 
 she did n't come seeking me out as a friend far from it ; i used to catch her looking at me with as much distaste as i felt for her . 
 i could see it in her eyes , feel it in her glare . 
 she thought i was vain , preoccupied with my looks , the way i dressed . 
 she despised the way i flirted with boys , how i 'd giggle at everything slightly funny that they said . 
 she was far too serious for all that , her scornful expressions told me . 
 yeah , like i cared . 
 she was just jealous . 
 that 's what i told myself . 
 who 'd ever go out with her , huh ? 
 sure , she might have been a reasonably okay looking girl underneath all that caked on makeup for all i could tell . 
 but she obviously had no idea how to make the most of it . 
 she gave these airs like she did n't care about the way she looked , that she was n't interested in boys . 
 but i knew better . 
 i knew plenty of other girls like that ; and as soon as you ever offered to help them make a little bit more of how they looked , they always jumped at the chance . 
 fact is , she creeped me out . 
 she creeped out everybody ! 
 the way she 'd stare right at you . 
 sort of wide-eyed , yet glaring at you from under frowning eyebrows , all at one and the same time . 
 all combined with a knowing smirk , like she could see right into your mind . 
 like she was reading your thoughts , your innermost secrets , no matter how hard you were trying to hide them . 
 course , behind her back , we 'd all giggle at the way she was always hinting that she could read the tarot . 
 that she dabbled in witchcraft . 
 but , you know , they were always nervous giggles . 
 like none of us were completely sure that she was n't telling the truth . 
 best avoided , that 's what we all said . 
 just ignore her . 
 and i did -- until , one day , she 'd whispered to me , ` jason could be yours , you know ? ' 
 * chapter 8 through every class , every break , i feel that everyone 's staring . 
 staring at the new school freak . 
 the girl turned down by jason withers . 
 the girl who did n't come up to his standards . 
 the girl walking around looking like she 's been rolling around in the woods . 
 like she 's finally lost it . 
 finally gone crazy . 
 -lrb- which , of course , for a horrid moment early this morning , was actually true . -rrb- 
 when lunchtime at last comes around , i decide that 's it -- i 'm heading on home to get tidied up . 
 no matter the consequences of coming across either mum or dad ` entertaining a friend ' , i ca n't hang around school looking like this a moment longer . 
 better still , before that , as a real confidence booster -- i 'm going to ask jackie to let me try on the gloves once again . 
 if only for a few minutes . 
 ` jackie , please , can we call in at your house ? 
 if i could just try on the gloves , just for a moment ? ' 
 jackie is n't listening . 
 her attention 's elsewhere . 
 following her angry , puzzled gaze , i realise she 's watching jase sloping off . 
 ` fiona , ' i say miserably . 
 ` he 's probably got a lunch date with the impossibly gorgeous fiona . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 jackie whirls on me like all her anger is now all suddenly directed my way . 
 which is all a bit odd , really , when she 's obviously angry with jase for humiliating me . 
 ` how could he be -- ' she stops halfway through her irate outburst , at last seeing the shock on my face . 
 ` sorry ; i mean , well , you know -- i mean how could he be going off to see her , when he knows how much it hurts you ? ' 
 i shrug . 
 ` i do n't own him , ' i point out , trying to be as mature and reasonable about all this as i can be . 
 ` he 's allowed to do what he wants , i suppose . ' 
 jackie turns back to watching jase , glaring at his back as he continues his unhurried , nonchalant stroll down one of the smaller streets leading away from the school . 
 ` he 's not going her way ; to fiona 's school , i mean , ' jackie says surprisingly irately . 
 ` or wherever it is she lives . ' 
 ` we do n't know where she lives , jackie ! ' 
 i surprise myself by actually managing to say this with a hint of a laugh . 
 ` well it 's not that way , that 's for sure ! ' 
 jackie snaps . 
 ` jackie , please ; it 's no use getting upset with jase on my behalf . 
 it 's over between us , i 've got to accept that . ' 
 i sigh , pursing my lips as i pluck up the courage to finally admit that fiona 's in a different league to me . 
 ` fiona -- well , she 's unbeatable , is n't she ? 
 even with the help of the gloves , i ca n't compete against fiona ! ' 
 as jackie turns back to face me , i catch the suggestion of what could be an oddly satisfied smile . 
 ` yeah , yeah , jill ; i suppose she is impossibly gorgeous ! ' 
 immediately relenting her thoughtlessness , she reaches out to consolingly touch my hand . 
 ` sure , come back and try on the gloves , jill -- but they wo n't do you any good now , you know ? ' 
 * the gloves are kept in a wooden box . 
 the box is a wondrous work of art in its own right , all inlays of mother of pearl and finely crafted metallic ornamentation . 
 unlike the gloves , however , the box 's condition has gradually deteriorated a little over the years , even though i suspect that it 's received nothing but the most tender and cosseted treatment . 
 jackie almost reverently produces it after carefully retrieving it from beneath a covering of soft linens within her drawer . 
 the wood 's varnish is scuffed , the mother of pearl tainted , the metal darkened and even tinted a filthy olive in places . 
 the upholstered interior of dark blue satin is , here and there , worn down to a blacker , threadbare base . 
 it 's particularly damaged in those areas grazed by the hands and fingers of people eagerly reaching for the gloves . 
 neatly draped across this worn satin in such a precious yet aged box , the gloves shine out as something new , vibrant -- alive . 
 i reach for them -- eagerly . 
 * chapter 9 as i 'd come to expect of jackie in the little time i 've known her , she 'd first presented the gloves to me with a suitable air of mystery . 
 ` we all like to think we possess special , hidden powers do n't we , jill ? ' 
 she 'd said , looking back at me as she stepped over to the unevenly painted set of drawers placed against her bedroom wall . 
 ` powers ? 
 what sort of powers ? ' 
 i 'd asked , intrigued enough to turn away from the photographs of jackie at her previous school , which had drawn my attention on first entering the room . 
 the photographs showed a jackie i did n't know . 
 a dazzlingly pretty , popular , laughing jackie . 
 the jackie she must have been before she moved here . 
 she was n't a freak because she was looking for a way of hiding the fact that -- underneath all that heavy makeup and those ancient , ungainly clothes -- she was n't ever going to have much luck with the boys anyway . 
 she was a freak by choice . 
 she 'd deliberately replaced the pretty , fun-loving jackie with a jackie full of mystery and surprises . 
 who knows -- perhaps it 's her way of compensating for parents who , like mine , did n't seem to see a role for her in their lives . 
 like she 'd been an ` accident ' they were spending the rest of their lives attempting to put behind them , generally by ignoring the consequences as best they could . 
 then again , perhaps i was just reading my own experiences onto the fact that , according to jackie , her parents were hardly ever around . 
 they left her to get on with whatever she wanted to do , provided it did n't intrude on their own chosen lifestyles . 
 this common link between us reassured me that i 'd been right to befriend her , despite the warnings of what remained of my friends that it was embarrassing to be seen with someone who ` hangs around with freaks ' . 
 ` powers over boys , maybe ? ' 
 jackie said in reply to my question , opening the drawer and taking out a beautiful if aged box . 
 with that comment , she had me , she knew . 
 what had originally drawn me to jackie but that enigmatically whispered , ` jason could be yours ' ? 
 how could she have known that i was so deeply , madly , foolishly in love with the new boy , jason withers ? 
 i had n't told even my closest friends . 
 not even cath , and she 's my closest closest friend . 
 normally , of course , we 'd all share our secret longings for certain boys who 'd caught our eye . 
 giggling together , coming up with little schemes that would draw boy and girl together . 
 seeing ourselves as matchmakers with a surprisingly high success rate . 
 but when it came to jason -- well , i did everything i could to hide my love for him . 
 i was ever so careful not to stare , quickly averting my eyes whenever he was around . 
 if he drew closer to our group , i would avoid him , leaving as soon as i could . 
 making some excuse why i could n't stay any longer . 
 i treated him as if he hardly existed . 
 the only time i spoke to him , it would be to scornfully cut him short , ridiculing him for thinking he was amusing us . 
 it always went down ever so well with my friends , the way i could humiliate him like that . 
 only , he was n't ever really humiliated , was he ? 
 he 'd just grin , like it was all a huge joke to him . 
 like he knew that , deep down inside , i was acting so ridiculously , so childishly , so petulantly whenever he was around because , like just about all the other girls in school , i could n't believe just how gorgeous jason withers was . 
 the difference between me and the other girls was that , whereas they 'd all resigned themselves to fruitlessly sighing and moping over jase , i was pretty enough to flatter myself that he might , just might , find me attractive enough to go out with me . 
 and so i lived in hope that , one day , someday soon , he 'd have no choice but to finally declare his undying love for me . 
 it was a day that never came . 
 a day that seemed to be ever more unlikely the more i tried to make fun of him -- to bring him down to a level where he must , surely , realise that i was good enough for him ! 
 -- and the more he laughed at my attempts . 
 he was so confident . 
 so knowing . 
 and me ? 
 i was naïve . 
 very naïve . 
 though i hid it well , i think . 
 of course , i was frightened of being found out . 
 and i did n't want him knowing that i was so naïve , naturally . 
 then came that day when jackie , with the magical words , ` power over boys , ' opened this old , gorgeous box that she 'd produced from her drawer . 
 and , for the very first time , she showed me the gloves . 
 * when jackie had produced the gloves , i should have laughed , of course . 
 what on earth could the connection be between an old pair of gloves and having power over boys ? 
 but then , just as now , i found it impossible not to gasp in admiration at their almost ethereal beauty . 
 they feel so incredibly smooth . 
 as if made from a mystical mix of silk and water . 
 they 're also virtually weightless . 
 and when you slip them on -- they could be a second skin , so perfect is the fit . 
 i have to hold back from moaning in pleasure . 
 that 's how good it feels to be wearing the gloves once more . 
 it 's ridiculous , i know . 
 but the sensations of being in love , of making love , of being made love to , flood through you as if you 're experiencing it all for yourself , there and then . 
 the touches you 're making . 
 the touches you 're feeling . 
 even the sights . 
 the tastes . 
 the sounds . 
 the explosions of pleasure that erupt inside you . 
 it should be embarrassing , experiencing all this while standing in jackie 's room . 
 standing right in front of jackie . 
 but she 's not there . 
 i 'm not there . 
 i 'm in hollywood . 
 hollywood in its heyday . 
 * chapter 10 on first wearing the gloves , i 'd gone from girl to woman in a matter of minutes . 
 my naivety , my lack of knowing , had disappeared . 
 even when i 'd ever so reluctantly removed the gloves , that knowledge had stayed with me . 
 i understood , at last , my allure as a woman . 
 the nervousness , the insecurity of the girl , had gone . 
 do you know the difference between a pleasant smile and a knowing , inviting smile ? 
 i had n't known -- but now i did . 
 the eyes are the windows of the soul they say ; and , believe me , they can transmit the power of that soul . 
 charming . 
 enchanting . 
 bewitching . 
 have n't you ever wondered why a beautiful woman 's effect on a man is expressed in terms associated with witchcraft ? 
 because it 's the irresistible power of a woman over a man . 
 and boy , girls , what power we have ! 
 * so , you must be thinking ; what went wrong ? 
 how could the world 's most entrancing , bewitching girl possibly fail ? 
 if you had all this charming , irresistible power , how could you possibly lose jase ? 
 well , it had all worked beautifully at first , of course . 
 just over an hour after wearing the gloves , i came across jase as he was heading on home after an evening 's athletic practice at school . 
 his hair was still a little wet from the shower , still a little tousled . 
 his skin shone with the afterglow of exertion and the exhilaration of reaching personal bests . 
 he smelt fresh , new , reborn . 
 even , somehow , vulnerable . 
 he was beautiful . 
 and i wanted him . 
 i felt no shyness . 
 no embarrassment . 
 i felt only incredibly desirable , as if i were seeing myself though his eyes . 
 recognising at last that -- to him -- i was every bit as unattainably beautiful as he appeared to me . 
 i smiled . 
 that 's all i did -- i smiled . 
 smiled knowingly . 
 my head slightly lowered . 
 my eyes confidently looking up into his . 
 it was a look that said everything i needed to say . 
 and after that , it was all just so incredibly easy . 
 he 'd asked me out , said he 'd been trying to pluck up the courage for ages . 
 but he 'd been scared i 'd turn him down . 
 ironic , right ? 
 if he was telling the truth , that is . 
 which i doubted , as i 'd heard he 'd said that to girls before , only to callously dump them a couple of weeks later . 
 still , going out with jase was everything i 'd imagined it would be . 
 nights at the movies or in coffee bars . 
 days hanging out together in the mall , or just out on the streets . 
 getting together on school breaks . 
 making eyes at each other in the classes we shared . 
 we were the school 's golden couple . 
 everyone wanted to hang around with us . 
 even those friends from my original circle who had deserted me . 
 of course , they all thought that now i was going out with jase i 'd finally see sense and ditch jackie as a friend . 
 jase even got a little angry about it at times . 
 ` why 'd you let freaksville tag along ? 
 she looks like something out of the medieval dead . 
 like she 's got the plague or something . ' 
 but i was n't going to leave jackie . 
 how could i ? 
 see , the effect of the gloves , it turns out , was n't permanent . 
 and so , every now and again , i 'd feel my confidence waning . 
 ` you okay , ji ? ' 
 jase would ask innocently -lrb- he called me ji rather than jill -rrb- . 
 he 'd look at me closely , as if he 'd noticed something odd about me . 
 ` you do n't seem your self today ; seem a bit , i do n't know -- distant ? ' 
 it was true . 
 i was n't as at ease with myself anymore ; was n't as at ease with jase , in fact . 
 of course , jase had got used to me setting the agenda , whether it was the way i 'd be the one pulling us together in a fierce embrace , or urgently drawing him towards me for a long , lingering kiss . 
 i normally enjoyed feeling his arms wrapped around me , relished the way every contour of our bodies seemed to naturally complement and meld together . 
 we were the perfect couple , made for each other , fated to be one with the other . 
 then , gradually , i 'd begin feeling a little more insecure , a little less worthy of being jase 's girlfriend . 
 i 'd be edgy , worried that he 'd discover my nervousness , my sense of inferiority , and be appalled by it . 
 i 'd shrug off his touch , his caresses . 
 -lrb- crazy , i know ; but my confidence was shot to hell once again . 
 this was a guy who 'd originally managed to ignore me for what felt like eons , remember ? -rrb- 
 his laughter cut through me , like it was directed right at me . 
 then , i knew , i needed the gloves once more . 
 problem was , each time i asked jackie if i could wear the gloves , she seemed to take an increasingly perverse delight in coming up with excuses for why i could n't have them ` just yet ' , or ` this week ' . 
 ` mum 's got them for a while ; they 're really hers , after all . ' 
 ` dad gets angry if he finds out i 'm always letting my friends wear them . 
 he says they 're worth a lot of money , and we should sell them . ' 
 ` they look ageless , jill , but they are ancient ; they 're much more delicate than you seem to realise ! ' 
 yeah , she 'd really put me through the ringer before finally giving way and bringing the gloves out for me . 
 i 'd gratefully slip them on ; then i was fine again . 
 i was the jill that jase had come to know and love once more . 
 i was ridiculously confident . 
 i was truly gorgeous . 
 i was simply irresistible . 
 everything was just right . 
 what could go wrong ? 
 and that , of course , was your question , was n't it ? 
 what went wrong , naturally , was fiona . 
 because , unlike me , she did n't need any gloves . 
 fiona was naturally irresistible . 
 * what made it all so much worse was that fiona turned up just as my own self-belief was rapidly waning . 
 i needed the gloves -- desperately . 
 but jackie 's excuses for keeping them from me were more strident than ever . 
 ` they 've disappeared ; they 're not in my drawer . 
 mum must have loaned them out ! ' 
 ` a friend from my old school insisted on borrowing them for a while ! 
 you 're not the only one who appreciates them , you know ! ' 
 and even : ` look jill , you 're just imagining that they 're helping you ! 
 there 's no real magic there ; i was only ever joking ! ' 
 i begged , i pleaded . 
 i was growing frantic . 
 innately sensuous , instinctively seductive , fiona was working her own breed of magic on jase . 
 she was effortlessly drawing him out of my arms and into hers . 
 by the time i 'd finally persuaded jackie to let me have the gloves , i knew it was too late . 
 jase was spellbound . 
 -lrb- see ? 
 yet another term associated with witchcraft . -rrb- 
 i 'd never get him back now . 
 he was entranced . 
 and my own particular spell over him had been broken . 
 * chapter 11 now , as i once again wear the gloves , i 'm filled with regret -- and yes , quite a lot of anger to be honest -- that jackie had n't let me use the gloves earlier . 
 if she had , i might , just might , have been able to save jase from the captivating fiona . 
 as it was , i did n't , of course . 
 and so that wonderful life i 'd imagined me and jase sharing together is n't to be , either . 
 instead , that wonderful life is going to be lived by someone else . 
 not me . 
 i 'm on my own . 
 he 's happy . 
 she 's happy . 
 me , i 'm miserable . 
 abandoned . 
 the happier they are , the more miserable i am . 
 and why ? 
 why am i suffering like this ? 
 was her love for jase really as strong as mine ? 
 would she really feel , like i feel , that i ca n't live without him ? 
 that i can no longer live without him ? 
 is that the only way to make him realise what he 's missing ? 
 to show him what he 's so callously cast aside ? 
 a love for him that 's so strong that i 'm prepared to let him enjoy his happiness with her . 
 there 's only one way to end all this agony , i feel . 
 i need to end it all . 
 to end my life . 
 * this is odd . 
 i 'm struggling to understand what 's happening here . 
 i 'm so immersed in my own bitter thoughts that i 'm not letting the gloves work their magic on me . 
 i 'm just letting my morbid imaginings cloud the experience . 
 wearing the gloves has never worked like this before , where there 's a confusing mingling of hezzy 's life and mine . 
 no , wait ! 
 that 's not true . 
 the last time i wore the gloves ... yes , i remember now ! 
 then , too , i was letting hezzy 's experiences become confused with my own ridiculously resentful thoughts . 
 they were n't as obvious then ; but they were there . 
 i realise that now . 
 he 'd realise , too late , that he could n't live without me . 
 yes , yes ; that 's what i 'd been thinking . 
 and now i 'm thinking it again , only plainer , and more obvious this time . 
 he 'd be heartbroken . 
 he 'd hold himself responsible . 
 he 'd cry over my coffin , my lifeless corpse inside . 
 yes , yes ! 
 you 'll regret leaving me ! 
 you 're to blame that i took my life gary ! 
 gary ? 
 what ? 
 what is going on ? 
 * i 'm struggling once again , struggling to pull myself free of the intense emotions i 've been wallowing in . 
 now they seem cloying , entangling , as if i 'm attempting to regain consciousness from a terrifying nightmare . 
 a nightmare that 's confused me so much i no longer know where any grounding in reality lies . 
 but i need to ask jackie a question . 
 it 's an important question . 
 it bursts out of me , as if i 'm gasping for air after being immersed in a deep pool . 
 ` why did your grandma die so young ? ' 
 ` what do you think ? ' 
 jackie answers nonchalantly . 
 ` a man , gary somebody or other ; you ca n't trust them , ever . ' 
 and , like the final breaking of a dam , hezzy 's suicidal bitterness floods through me . 
 * chapter 12 i urgently wench off the gloves , no longer worried about tearing them . 
 ` the gloves ! 
 the gloves made me suicidal ! ' 
 jackie stares at me like i 'm crazy . 
 ` the gloves ? 
 you ca n't blame them for that ! ' 
 she grins , but it 's a weird , strangely lopsided grin . 
 like one half of her face is drooping . 
 ` you okay ? ' 
 she asks curiously , noticing that i 'm suddenly gawping at her in horror . 
 ` yeah , yeah , ' i croak nervously , ` but ... your face ! 
 it 's -- ' ` what ? ' 
 her eyes wide with terror , she raises her hands to her face , urgently feeling the contours . 
 ` no , no , no ! ' 
 she wails , her eyes wider with fear than ever . 
 ` you have to go ! 
 now ! ' 
 lowering a hand , she begins to almost push me towards the door in her urgency to make me leave . 
 she 's hiding her face from me , dipping her head and shaking her hair forward like a frizzy curtain . 
 ` what 's happening jackie ? 
 what 's going on ? ' 
 i demand anxiously . 
 as she rushes me towards the door , something drops away from her covered face . 
 it lands on the floor . 
 it 's flesh . 
 it 's a finger . 
 ` my god , jackie ! 
 have ... have you got leprosy or something ? ' 
 i 'm so shocked , i stop to stare down at the finger lying on the floor . 
 seeing the finger , jackie begins to wail miserably once again . 
 she pulls her hand away from her face , stares at it in disbelief -- and another finger topples free . 
 dropping to the floor , it lands almost alongside the first one . 
 jackie glowers at me with eyes full of hate . 
 ` you fool , you fool ! 
 you 've ruined everything ! ' 
 * by the time i get home , i realise i need that shower more than ever . 
 i want to wash away any memories of what i 've just gone through , what i 've just seen . 
 jackie , she could n't get me out of her door quick enough . 
 ` i 've still got all my fingers , idiot , ' she 'd screamed when i 'd protested that she needed to get to hospital . 
 ` no one just loses fingers like that ! ' 
 but she 'd kept her hand hidden as she 'd pushed me out onto the street . 
 i slam the door to my own home behind me , making as much noise as possible . 
 it serves as a warning to either mum or dad that i 'm home . 
 the last thing i need right now is to catch either one of them scrabbling to get dressed , to get their lover out of the way . 
 ` mum ? 
 dad ? ' 
 i cry out a few times , shouting up the stairs in particular . 
 there 's no reply . 
 with a sigh of relief , i head up to my room . 
 and as soon as i enter , i see them . 
 they 're neatly laid out across my dressing table . 
 next to their opened box . 
 the gloves . 
 the gloves are on my dressing table . 
 * chapter 13 ` jackie , i 'm really sorry , i honestly do n't know how it happened -- but your gloves have somehow ended up on my dressing table . ' 
 when i 'd called jackie on the phone , it had rung for ages before she 'd bothered answering with a harshly snapped , ` yes ? ' 
 ` my gloves ? ' 
 she says , like she 's no idea what i 'm talking about . 
 ` they 're not my gloves anymore ! 
 they 're yours now , obviously ! ' 
 ` mine ? 
 but i do n't understand . 
 i did n't want to keep them , wh -- ' ` you do n't understand ? ' 
 jackie screams back at me . 
 ` of course you do n't understand ! ' 
 ` but i -- ' ` you do n't understand anything , do you ? ' 
 she finally shrieks , slamming the phone down . 
 * just how odd is all this ? 
 i hang up the phone , placing it on my bedside cupboard . 
 did i really see jackie 's fingers fall off her hand ? 
 or did i imagine it ? 
 she certainly does n't seem to be in any rush to get to hospital . 
 and now , almost as strange , she 's insisting that the gloves -- the gloves are n't lying on the dresser anymore ! 
 while i 've been talking on the phone , they 've vanished . 
 only the empty box is still there . 
 i rush over to my dresser , quickly checking that the gloves have n't fallen to the floor . 
 checking that , somehow , they have n't ended up back in their box . 
 ` looking for these ? ' 
 a voice behind me asks . 
 i whirl around . 
 a man is half leaning against the door frame . 
 he grins . 
 he 's holding and lovingly caressing the gloves . 
 ` who are you ? ' 
 i demand , backing farther away from him . 
 ` what are you doing here ? 
 are you with mum ? 
 if you are , you should n't be in my room ! ' 
 ` hah ! 
 that 's a fine welcome , is n't it jill ? 
 and after all i 've done for you too ! ' 
 ` done for me ? 
 what do you mean ? 
 i 've never met you before . 
 you 've never done anything for me ! ' 
 come to think of it , he does n't look like the type of man mum goes for . 
 her type 's all young and athletic , with hair that looks like it 's just been coiffured at the hairdressers . 
 this guy , though , looks like he takes all his style tips from tim burton or the cure . 
 there 's probably a bit of willy wonka or mad hatter thrown in for good measure . 
 it 's that weird air of freakiness that jackie always manages to exude . 
 ` jackie 's father ? ' 
 i ask edgily , nodding towards the gloves he 's holding . 
 ` are you jackie 's father ? 
 you 've come for your gloves ? ' 
 ` jackie 's father ? ' 
 he chuckles . 
 ` my gloves ? ' 
 he chuckles again . 
 ` i suppose that , yes , come to think of it , in some ways you could say that , yes , yes , that i am jackie 's father in a way , could n't you ? 
 yes , yes ; i like that , i really do ! ' 
 he says it like he 's pondering all this for the very first time , all eyes staring at the ceiling , a puzzled frown , a hand on his chin . 
 ` though not , of course , in the way that you mean -- her natural father . 
 oh no no ! 
 i 'm far from being her natural father ! ' 
 at last , he looks directly at me once again . 
 he holds out the gloves towards me , as if expecting me to take them from him . 
 ` as for the gloves ; as jackie correctly informed you , jill -- the gloves are yours , not mine ! ' 
 i still hang back , even though i 'm bizarrely tempted to take the gloves , despite everything i 've now learned about them . 
 ` so , ' i say sternly , frustrated and irate that he 's refusing to give me a clear answer to my questions , ` who are you ? ' 
 he grins again , waving a hand around in front of his face as if he 's about to give me an exaggerated , theatrical bow . 
 he does n't bow . 
 rather , he stands up straighter , taking on a proud and imperious air . 
 ` i 'm the freak king , ' he declares . 
 ` freak king freak . ' 
 * ` the freak king ? ' 
 i ask , puzzled . 
 ` and ... what ? 
 your name is also freak ? 
 freak king freak ? ' 
 ` that 's right ! ' 
 he smiles , like he 's said enough and does n't see any reason to elaborate . 
 i laugh . 
 am i dreaming ? 
 why are n't i kicking this man out of my room ? 
 why are n't i calling the police ? 
 because he sounds serious . 
 and so many frankly incredibly freaky things have happened to me recently that ... well , someone announcing himself as king of the freaks does n't come close to what i 've been through . 
 surviving a fall that should have killed me . 
 wearing gloves that let me relive someone else 's life . 
 seeing my best friend 's fingers drop off . 
 ` okay , ' i say . 
 ` joke 's over ; so what 's your real name ? ' 
 he observes me curiously , like he 's surprised or even a little bit annoyed that i 'm still failing to get on board with whatever it is he 's trying to get across to me . 
 ` freak ; the name 's freak , as i 've just told you . 
 it 's still the same as it was then . 
 it has n't changed . 
 not one bit of it has changed . ' 
 ` so you 're the freak king and just coincidently happen to be called freak too ? ' 
 i say doubtfully . 
 ` that 's right ! ' 
 he says cheerfully , like i 've finally got it and , once again , he 's going to stay schtum , with no attempt at any further explanation . 
 ` right about me being called freak , anyway , ' he suddenly adds . 
 ` though , there 's nothing coincidental about it , of course ! 
 my people were named after me . 
 they became freaks because i was their king and i was called freak ! ' 
 ` oh sure , ' i scoff . 
 ` what about the elizabethans , the georgians , the victorians ? 
 and the franks -- surely there must have been a king frank , do n't you think ? ' 
 he says it all with a twinkle in his eyes , like he 's knows he 's still avoiding answering my questions . 
 ` i mean , ' i say , ` that freaks have been around for gawd knows how many years ; whereas you , right , you must be forty , tops , i guess . ' 
 i 've actually deliberately been a bit harsh on him . 
 he could be in his early thirties for all i know . 
 with all that garish gothic makeup , the electrified hair , it 's not really easy to tell . 
 he clasps his hands gaily . 
 i 'm almost expecting him to burst into a happy little jig . 
 ` jill , jill ; how absolutely delightful of you ! 
 i can see we are going to get on well , after all ! 
 despite my previous doubts ! 
 i made a good choice after all ! ' 
 ` choice ? ' 
 wow , this guy keeps on throwing the bizarre statements at me , does n't he ? 
 ` what 's this choice you 've made ? ' 
 he almost steps back in astonishment . 
 i get the curious look from him once more , like all this should be making perfect sense to me by now . 
 ` why , you of course , jill ! ' 
 he announces joyfully . 
 ` i 've chosen you to be one of my subjects ! ' 
 * chapter 14 as soon as i 'm back at school in the afternoon , i 'm looking for jackie . 
 i 'm hoping she can begin to explain all the things the freak king failed to explain . 
 which is just about everything . 
 ` what ? 
 you ca n't just go choosing who 's going to be one of your subjects ! ' 
 i 'd protested when he 'd so imperiously declared that i was now a freak . 
 he 'd ginned , nodded in agreement . 
 ` that would be madness , would n't it ? ' 
 he 'd chuckled . 
 ` but then again , if the chosen effectively agrees to the choice i 've made ? 
 well , then of course , everything 's perfectly legitimate , do n't you think ? ' 
 he 'd suddenly tossed the gloves towards me , aiming them towards my face . 
 i 'd caught them ; and by the time i 'd dropped my hands away from my face , he 'd vanished . 
 i 'd rushed to the door of my bedroom . 
 but he was nowhere to be seen . 
 jackie , on the other hand , is a lot easier to find than i 'd expected . 
 i was worried that she might not even be here , that she might , instead , have finally decided to head off to hospital to have her hand looked at . 
 but she strides across the school yard towards me , smiling , calling out , ` jill , jill ! ' 
 -- and waving her hand up in the air , like she 's deliberately drawing my attention to the fact that all her fingers are securely back in place . 
 * ` sorry jill ! ' 
 jackie breathes urgently , like she wants to get her piece in before i get around to saying anything . 
 ` i mean , for the joke i played earlier . ' 
 joke ? 
 i 'm not quite sure what she means , but my hopes begin to rise that all this thing with the gloves , with the freak king , is all some elaborate joke jackie has somehow managed to organise . 
 ` it was all a bit sick i suppose , was n't it ? ' 
 she adds with a grin . 
 the grin 's not quite right . 
 it 's still a little bit lopsided , if not as much as it was at lunchtime . 
 her skin 's also caked with a ridiculous amount of makeup , even more than usual . 
 her hair 's still oddly draped over one side of her face . 
 as for my own face , the doubts i 'm feeling must be perfectly apparent because jackie decides that she 's just going to have to keep on talking . 
 ` with the fingers , i mean ! ' 
 she wriggles her fingers right in front of my nose . 
 ` it was a trick , using fake fingers . 
 well , the ones that dropped to the floor , anyway ! 
 they were fake ! ' 
 her hand does look normal once again . 
 then again , she 's wearing so many rings that her fingers could be being held in place by them alone . 
 that would n't account for the way she can move them though , would it ? 
 i realise there 's not really any point in challenging her claim that it was all just some sick joke . 
 she 's obviously determined to give the impression that everything 's fine . 
 that she never , ever lost any fingers , like i quite clearly saw . 
 besides , i really ca n't work out how she 's standing in front of me with all her fingers back in place . 
 ` the gloves , ' i blurt out instead , a little more desperately than i intended . 
 ` i 've got your gloves . 
 they 're yours , and you can have them back as soon as you want . ' 
 i figure that as the gloves are somehow connected with the freak king , getting rid of them means i also get rid of him . 
 jackie grins hugely , the unevenness of her face more apparent than ever . 
 shades of the joker and that other guy from batman with the split face . 
 she waves an admonishing finger . 
 ` ah ah ah ! 
 no can do . 
 they 're yours now . 
 but let me guess why you suddenly do n't want `` those magical gloves '' . ' 
 she says the last bit in an ecstatically high pitched screech , mocking the way i would excitedly reach for the gloves . 
 i grimace at the memory . 
 ` i can see it in your eyes , jill , ' jackie continues triumphantly . 
 ` the shock , the bewilderment -- the fear ! 
 the freak king 's been to visit , has n't he ? ' 
 ` so you do know him ! 
 i thought you must , what with the gloves , and you been a ... a ... ' jackie laughs , relishing this moment . 
 ` go on ; say it , jill ! 
 freak . ' 
 she leans towards me like we have a secret to share . 
 ` it takes one to know one , does n't it jill ? ' 
 * chapter 15 ` is he mad ? ' 
 i frantically ask jackie . 
 ` who is he ? 
 is he dangerous ? 
 he 's crazy , is n't he ? ' 
 ` ha , you wish ! 
 no , he 's real enough i 'm afraid ! ' 
 jackie chortles , savouring my anguish once more . 
 ` and he 's told you , yeah , that you 're now a freak , right ? ' 
 ` yes , yes ; but he is crazy , surely ? 
 he ca n't just tell me i 'm one of his subjects -- a freak ! ' 
 ` oh no , of course he ca n't ! ' 
 hey eyes blaze with amusement as she watches the relief flash across my face . 
 ` yet here you are , ' she adds bluntly . 
 ` which means that , yep , you 're now a freak ; whether you want to be or not . ' 
 ` what ? 
 how does me being here make me a freak ? ' 
 ` not here , as in here at school , idiot ! 
 i mean here -- back in the world of the living ! ' 
 she waves her arms and raises her head , like she 's drawing my attention to the whole world surrounding us , to life in general . 
 she smiles benignly at me -- then instantly transforms the smile into an angry snarl . 
 ` because we both know you should n't be here ! ' 
 i 'm completely taken aback by her fury . 
 ` why should n't i be here ? ' 
 i retort with as much confidence as i can . 
 she ca n't know about my suicide attempt , can she ? 
 unless fiona was there , and she 's told jackie . 
 ` oh come on , jill ! ' 
 jackie sneers . 
 ` do n't go giving me any more of all this bull that you fell into some bushes . 
 you jumped -- jumped off kingstown bridge . 
 which means you 'd be dead , if the freak king had n't saved you . ' 
 ` no one saved me ! ' 
 i snap back . 
 ` i just somehow survived , that 's all ! 
 i do n't know how but -- ' `` ` i just somehow survived ! '' ' 
 jackie repeats in a sarcastically squeaky voice . 
 ` no one survives a fall like that -- even a coroner would n't have found much of you to cut into ! ' 
 reaching out , she brusquely grabs me by my cheek , turning my head up and to one side so she can peer intently at my neck . 
 ` now the freak king 's operation , that 's in a different world all together ! ' 
 she says , swiftly running a finger along my neck as if she 's trying to feel something there . 
 the operation ! 
 i 'd thought it had all been a weird dream ! 
 what with all the mangles , the ropes , the body parts -- the freaks ! 
 ` it really happened ? 
 the operation really happened ? ' 
 i squeal in horror , instinctively bringing my own hand up towards my throat to see if i can feel any traces of the treatment i 'd received . 
 oh no ! 
 i can feel a slight rise beneath my skin , like a long-healed scar . 
 like my head has been sewn back on to my body . 
 like frankenstein 's monster . 
 observing the growing terror in my widening eyes , jackie smiles in satisfaction . 
 ` has he asked you for payment yet ? ' 
 ` payment ? 
 ` you owe him your life , jill ! 
 an operation like that -- it does n't come cheap . ' 
 ` how much ? ' 
 i gulp . 
 ` i have n't got much mone -- ' ` money ? ' 
 jackie chuckles wickedly . 
 she turns to leave , looking back over her shoulder with a triumphant sneer . 
 ` if only , eh jill ? 
 but i 'm afraid your king will be wanting far more than money ! ' 
 * chapter 16 as i approach my home , i see that a number of lights are already on . 
 i groan . 
 not because it means that either my mum or dad are home . 
 which is the usual reason why i 'd groan . 
 no , these are just the lights set to automatically come on to give the impression that someone 's in . 
 which means mum and dad are still out . 
 which means i 'll be in the house on my own once more . 
 ` mum ? 
 dad ? ' 
 i shout hopefully as i enter the hall . 
 no answer . 
 please , please , please , if they 're not home , please let the house be completely empty ! 
 please , please , please do n't let the freak king be here , waiting for me ! 
 i rush up the stairs two at a time in my hurry to get to my room . 
 as soon as i 've checked that there 's no one waiting for me in there , i slam the door shut behind me , locking it with a relieved sigh . 
 i look at the gloves , still hanging over the edge of my dresser where i 'd left them earlier . 
 the cause of all my troubles . 
 they 're part of the ` deal ' , are n't they ? 
 they 're mine because i 'm now a freak . 
 and i 'm a freak because i 'd worn them , enjoying the sensations they were giving me . 
 not realising suicidal tendencies were all part of the package . 
 rushing across to the dresser , i pick up the gloves and angrily throw them to the floor . 
 i frenziedly stamp on them , rub my feet on them , trying to destroy them i pick them up again , vigorously pull on them , trying to tear them , to rip them to shreds . 
 i ca n't . 
 i ca n't damage them in anyway . 
 they 're ridiculously strong . 
 perhaps even indestructible ! 
 i crumple to the floor , weeping in frustration . 
 i ca n't get rid of them . 
 and , even if i did , would that really get rid of the freak king too ? 
 probably not . 
 let 's face it , getting out of whatever deal i 've got myself into here is n't going to be that easy , is it ? 
 i hold up the gloves , studying them . 
 know what ? 
 what 's the betting they 're not really jackie 's grandma 's ? 
 yeah , i 've been a little slow on the uptake on that one , have n't i ? 
 i mean , would she really let them go so easily if they really were some precious family heirloom ? 
 she 's probably glad to see the back of them . 
 as i would be . 
 she 's a freak too , right ? 
 so , she probably had them given to her by the freak king . 
 as part of her own ` deal ' . 
 that explains the earlier pictures of her when she was at the other school . 
 when she was pretty . 
 when she was fun to be with . 
 when she had friends . 
 all before she was a freak . 
 had she also been ` rescued ' by freak ? 
 had she also had the ` operation ' ? 
 her fingers ! 
 had they fallen off because the operation had gone wrong ? 
 i urgently reach up to feel the scar running around my neck . 
 is it okay ? 
 was my operation more successful ? 
 could my head fall off ? 
 surely , surely not ! 
 that 's crazy , right ? 
 yeah , but everything 's crazy , is n't it ? 
 i stare at the gloves i 'm still holding in my hand . 
 what do you know about all this hezzy heston ? 
 are there any questions that you can answer for me ? 
 like , were you really hezzy heston ? 
 or was that just another lie i 've been told ? 
 i smooth out the gloves . 
 and i slip them on once more . 
 * i 'm at a party . 
 the sort of party that would have mum tearing her hair out with worry if she knew i was really there . 
 she 'd also be tearing her hair out that she had n't been invited . 
 because this is one of those parties where anything goes . 
 big house . 
 sweeping staircases . 
 action going on on every floor . 
 drinks flowing like dad 's organised it all , and he 's been told go for it ; someone else is picking up the tab . 
 everyone 's laughing and acting like they started drinking at least half a day ago . 
 they could easily be mistaken for a crowd of totally crazed people if it were n't for the fact that they 're all expensively and elegantly dressed . 
 it 's dress from another era , naturally . 
 this is hezzy 's time , after all . 
 hezzy 's life . 
 hezzy 's emotions . 
 hezzy 's anguish . 
 i 'm weeping . 
 almost choking , left short of breath every time my chest is painfully racked by the uncontrollable heaviness of my sobbing . 
 i 'm not good enough for him . 
 he 's made that plain . 
 he does n't want to see me again . 
 i feel strangely empty , like i 'm just a shell , not really living . 
 like i 'm not really here anymore . 
 like i no longer exist in this world flowing around me . 
 i ca n't touch that world , relate to it , be a part of it . 
 and it ca n't touch me . 
 i do n't want to be a part of it anymore . 
 it does n't want me to be part of it either . 
 no one acts as if i 'm here . 
 i 'm invisible to them all . 
 even as i barge my way through them , they do n't register that i 'm the one at fault . 
 they drunkenly swerve , right themselves once more . 
 continue their drunken conversations and raucous chortling . 
 my insides feel like they 're being relentlessly crushed by the gigantic hand of a god . 
 squeezing and squeezing and squeezing , as if he were toying with nothing more than a voodoo doll made of clay . 
 harder and harder . 
 tighter and tighter . 
 there 's no mercy given . 
 and as the unbearable pressure builds , deep inside i feel as if i 'm liquefying , becoming a tangle of fluids that churn and churn and churn . 
 i ca n't live with this agony any longer -- i really really ca n't . 
 i reach into my handbag , scrabbling around until i feel the cold yet strangely reassuring hardness of the metal of my car keys . 
 tonight , tonight i 'm going to end all this misery once and for all ! 
 * oh no no no ! 
 i ca n't go on with this ! 
 i ca n't be hezzy as she kills herself ! 
 for a moment , i feel -- ironically -- like i 'm drowning as i struggle through hezzy 's intense , overpowering emotions . 
 trying to reach out for the surface . 
 to become jill paxton once more . 
 jill paxton ! 
 jill paxton ! 
 that 's who i really am ! 
 not hezzy heston ! 
 with a shudder , i finally rise clear of hezzy 's hopelessness , as if i 'm shrugging off an ever thickening , ever hardening coating of ice . 
 she 's still there , of course . 
 i 'm still wearing the gloves after all . 
 but i 'm not being overwhelmed by her sense of hopelessness anymore . 
 it was too incredibly painful . 
 too frightening . 
 hezzy 's heading down the winding stairs as fast as she can . 
 but even here she has to push her way through people crowding the steps , as if they 're just another , more uneven floor . 
 at the bottom , the large oak doors are thrown wide open , the clouds of cigarette smoke swirling and eddying in a light breeze blowing in from outside . 
 there 's a tang of the sea in the air . 
 it mingles with the whispering scents of the floodlit eucalyptus trees lining the driveway beyond the doors . 
 it 's balmy , quite refreshing . 
 i 'm hoping it 's enough to bring hezzy round , to waken her from her dazed sense of anguish and alienation . 
 instead , like the laughter surrounding her , it only adds to her idea that she 's now permanently separated from the rest of the world . 
 as if anything good , enjoyable , can no longer be hers . 
 suddenly , through a sea of brilliantined hair and peacock-feathered hats , i catch a glimpse of hezzy reflected back at me from one of the enormous , gilded mirrors gracing the walls . 
 she 's beautiful . 
 despite her misery , the tear-stained makeup , her delicate features and large eyes grant her an enviable elfin quality . 
 with looks like that , surely , i think , she could have any man she wanted ? 
 but obviously not . 
 not the one man she does want , anyway . 
 i want her to stop and take a longer , closer look at herself . 
 not only so i can get a better idea of what she looks like , but also so that i can persuade her to reconsider the stupidity , the uselessness , of what she 's so set on doing . 
 but i ca n't , of course . 
 i ca n't control her . 
 the fact is , everything i 'm seeing , sensing and feeling here is already truly amazing . 
 see , i should n't be experiencing all this as if i 'm really here ! 
 even while wearing the gloves , all of my experiences have revolved around intimate sensations and emotions . 
 the passions we feel when we 're up close with someone we love . 
 and i was still me . 
 still jill paxton . 
 sure , it was hezzy 's experiences i was sharing -- but it was always as if the emotions were mine and mine alone , a part of me , not someone else . 
 apart from these sensations , which i 'd been fooled into thinking were actually mine , i 'd never even been aware of hezzy 's presence in any way . 
 it was like an all-enveloping , incredibly realistic dream , where the emotions flared up with an incredible physicality ; yet the harder you tried to focus on any visual detail , the farther it uncontrollably drifted away from you . 
 i 'd never , ever even seen hezzy . 
 now i was not only seeing her , but i also felt as if i actually was her ! 
 even so , i still ca n't control her . 
 after all , all this has already happened , it 's unchangeable . 
 it 's history . 
 as she continues weaving through the crowd on her way towards the open doors , she naturally turns away from her own reflected image in the mirror . 
 and it 's as she turns away that i briefly see his reflection . 
 he 's smiling . 
 he 's looking our way . 
 i 'm sure he 's both conscious of and amused by hezzy 's desolation . 
 i 'd know him anywhere now . 
 it 's the freak king . 
 * chapter 17 i 'd been thinking of taking off the gloves . 
 thinking , of course , that i really really could n't continue watching hezzy head off into the night . 
 but now that i 've seen the freak king -- well , i want to know what he 's doing there ! 
 this party took place almost a century ago , yet freak looks no different than he does today . 
 -lrb- well , apart from his clothes of course ; like every other man here , he 's dressed in an elegant evening suit rather than the weird jacket and trousers i 'd first seen him in . -rrb- 
 he has n't aged . 
 even though , if he 'd really been at this party , it took place so long ago that he should now be dead . 
 i want hezzy to look back , to see if i can see freak again . 
 to see what he 's doing . 
 to see if he 's following . 
 but , naturally , i ca n't get her to look back . 
 hezzy 's eyes are now intently focused on the open doors . 
 she heads out into the night air , her pace , her urgency , her determination , increasing with every step . 
 the cars parked around the edges of the large , oval drive sparkle in the lights illuminating the trees . 
 they 're massive beasts , all huge engines and sweeping wheel arches . 
 hezzy 's car is an open top , a two seater , yet still ridiculously over-sized by modern standards . 
 tearful and bleary eyed , she angrily twists the key in the ignition . 
 in a daze , as if drunk by her sense of worthlessness , she carelessly crunches through the gears . 
 reversing out from between the other cars , hezzy accelerates too quickly , tries to turn too sharply . 
 the car fights for a hold on the loose gravel , but thankfully comes to a halt in the middle of the drive . 
 ` stop , hezzy , stop ! ' 
 someone 's shouting out to her from the open doorway . 
 hezzy turns to look , her heart , her head , suddenly overflowing with hope . 
 ` gary ? ' 
 a man 's rushing towards her across the gravel . 
 ` do n't do this , hezzy ! ' 
 the man pleads . 
 ` not like this , not yet ! ' 
 suddenly , hezzy feels more crushed than ever . 
 it 's not gary . 
 it 's freak . 
 and the most confusing thing for me is that i realise she does n't know him . 
 * i 'd thought that , surely , hezzy had to know freak . 
 that 's the connection between us , surely ? 
 freak and the gloves ? 
 hezzy drives off , wondering who this ridiculous man was , rushing out towards her in the night , telling her to stop . 
 who 's he to tell her to stop ? 
 who is he anyway ? 
 she 's angrier than ever . 
 angry that that stupid man had briefly given her hope that gary wanted her back . 
 she does n't look back . 
 she sets off so quickly , freak 's cries are drowned out in the roaring of the gigantic engine , the shriek of tyres throwing up a wake of heavily clattering gravel . 
 almost like an afterthought , she switches on the car 's lights . 
 projecting out ahead of us , the light illuminates tangled trees and bushes that rush past us like wailing wraiths . 
 the mansion 's gateposts , ever so briefly lit up in a ghostly white , momentarily loom over us as if already welcoming us into the otherworld . 
 hezzy 's driving so fast , i could swear she 's trying to catch up with the light . 
 faster and faster . 
 no matter how much the road weaves . 
 no matter how unexpectedly things hurtle towards us out of the darkness . 
 she does n't care . 
 this is meant to be her last ride , after all . 
 freak knew that . 
 that 's why he was trying to stop her . 
 but he could n't . 
 and , obviously , i ca n't either . 
 it 's pointless me staying any longer to watch this . 
 it 's finally time to remove the gloves . 
 i 'd read once , i think , that the spirits inhabiting a haunted house are like the images recorded on a computer 's hard disc ; a highly emotional event that 's somehow ended up indelibly ingrained on the building 's structure . 
 and what more intense emotion could there be than an unrequited love that drives someone to end their life ? 
 in hezzy 's case , all her incredible suffering has become an integral part of her gloves . 
 through her tear-filled eyes , through a windscreen whipped by the onrushing air , i look out in horror at the meandering road being swiftly eaten up by her speeding car . 
 every curve , every corner , seems as if it will be her last , only for her to instinctively swing the large driving wheel aside -- and we once again precariously weave around the bend . 
 her bared hands grip the wheel fiercely , her skin stretched white across her knuckles . 
 her skin ! 
 her bared hands ! 
 hezzy is n't wearing any gloves ! 
 * i begin to tear the gloves off in a crazed frenzy . 
 my god , my god , no , no , no ! 
 i 'm horrified . 
 i 'm close to being sick . 
 revolted by even having touched them , let alone worn them . 
 as soon as i 'm finally free of the gloves , i quickly toss them aside in disgust . 
 i 've finally realised what the gloves are made of . 
 human skin . 
 hezzy 's skin . 
 * chapter 18 at school , i 'm perfectly sure that i 've got to be the cleanest girl here . 
 yet i still feel dirty , soiled . 
 i 'd spent most of last night showering . 
 scrubbing my hands and arms in particular until they were red , almost raw . 
 but i could n't wash off the sense that i 'd been scrabbling around in someone 's grave . 
 poor poor hezzy ! 
 how could i have worn those gloves , shared all her experiences , without realising that ... that ... well , it 's just too horrible to even think about ! 
 that 's why i 'd never considered that they could have been made of something as horrifying as human -- as her -- skin ! 
 who could do such a thing ? 
 who could skin a person , and then turn her skin into gloves ? 
 freak ! 
 obviously . 
 and yet -- he was the one trying to stop hezzy killing herself . 
 i need to find jackie to get some answers . 
 surely she must have known the gloves ' secret . 
 i need her to take the gloves back too . 
 of course , i 'd wanted to destroy the gloves as soon as i 'd realised what they were made of . 
 but how could i ? 
 i mean , they were a part of hezzy . 
 how could i just throw them away ? 
 burning them seemed an even worse solution . 
 and as for shredding them , dissolving them in acid , or just leaving them outside for some animal to carry off or someone else to find -- well , they all struck me as being even worse ! 
 even burying them did n't seem right . 
 if they were buried , they should be placed alongside hezzy at the very least , surely ? 
 no , jackie would have to have them back . 
 and i 'd insist that , somehow , they should be reunited with hezzy . 
 before i see jackie , though , i see jase . 
 and boy , does he look miserable . 
 his head hanging low . 
 his walk slow and shuffling . 
 his eyes , when he bothers to look up , to lift them from blankly staring at the ground , look lifeless , almost hollow . 
 he does n't seem to have any interest at all in the world flowing about him . 
 like he 's retreated into his own sad little world . 
 having experienced it myself , i would say that he looks heartbroken . 
 * has jase had an argument with the gorgeous fiona ? 
 has she dumped him ? 
 if she has , i should be glad , i suppose . 
 this should be a moment i should relish . 
 seeing him suffering the same agonies he 'd put me through . 
 but having seen for myself what poor hezzy suffered , it seems childishly petty to delight in jase 's misery . 
 then again , it might make him realise just how much he hurt me . 
 maybe , even , he might be sorry for what he did . 
 sorry for breaking up with me . 
 would i have him back ? 
 hah ! 
 knowing , deep down , that i 'm second best ? 
 knowing that , if fiona showed up again , he 'd drop me just like that ? 
 why would i risk putting myself through all that again ? 
 jase languidly shuffles up the stone steps leading up towards the double doors of the main building , ignoring everyone crowding around him . 
 for anyone attempting to greet him , he can only manage a wan smile and a dismissive wave of a hand . 
 where the steps level off just before the doors , he stops , slumping against the parapet . 
 as he leans back on the low wall , he puts his head in his hands , no longer caring that everyone can see that he 's distraught , hurt -- humiliated . 
 wow , he 's really got it bad ! 
 people walk past him as quickly as they can , glancing at him in disdain . 
 distaste creases their faces , like they 're embarrassed , even annoyed , by his weakness . 
 amongst the crowd , though , there 's an exception . 
 jackie . 
 jackie 's staring at him as if she 's suffering more agony than he is . 
 does that make any sense ? 
 why would jackie be hurt by jase 's misery ? 
 has she , all along , been secretly carrying a candle for jase ? 
 poor girl . 
 if she did , if we 're being honest , she never had a chance , did she ? 
 ` jackie ! ' 
 i cry out . 
 she whirls around , her eyes wide with panic , like my cry 's woken her up from some kind of deep trance . 
 soon as she sees me rushing over towards her , her eyes widen all the more . 
 the closer i get to her , the more i think her face looks oddly contorted , like a wax doll that 's been left too close to a fire . 
 she turns away , trying to push her way through the people crowding towards the steps , to get away from me . 
 ` the gloves ! ' 
 i scream out , desperately reaching out and making a grab for her . 
 ` i need to talk to you about the gloves ! ' 
 jackie just as desperately tries to shrug me off when my hand at last latches onto and fiercely grips her shoulder . 
 ` not the bloody gloves again ! ' 
 she resentfully spits back at me . 
 ` they 're yours ; you 've won , right ? ' 
 now that she 's turned to face me , not even her fury can hide the haggardness of her once regular features . 
 it 's like being confronted by a witch , a harpy , her ragged hair , her snarling mouth , all adding to the disconcerting effect . 
 i 'm briefly tempted to step back , to let her get away from me and merge into the crowd . 
 ` won ? ' 
 i 'm confused . 
 ` i do n't want the gloves ! 
 they 're the most horrible things i 've ever seen ! ' 
 ` horrible ? ' 
 she studies me curiously , her eyes glistening with bemusement . 
 then she shrieks with laughter . 
 ` you used to think they were wonderful ! ' 
 ` not now ! 
 not now that i know what they 're made of ! ' 
 her eyes widen once more , this time in complete shock . 
 ` you know ? ' 
 she asks suspiciously . 
 ` how ? 
 how do you -- freak ! 
 freak 's already told you ? ' 
 ` of course freak did n't tell me ! 
 i figured it out for myself . 
 i saw hezzy committing suicide ! ' 
 jackie 's eyes widen even farther with surprise , adding to the weird , mask-like effect of her face . 
 ` wait , wait ! ' 
 she suddenly blurts out , raising her hands like she 's wanting everything to slow down , wanting time to work out what 's going on here . 
 ` you mean you felt how suicidal she was , yeah ? 
 like you did when i was there , right ? 
 you do n't mean you actually saw it ? ' 
 ` i mean i saw it ! 
 i saw her crash her car ! ' 
 she screws up her face in puzzlement . 
 -lrb- wow , does she screw up her face ! 
 it 's like it 's made of rubber ! -rrb- 
 she shakes her head , like she 's hoping to get her brain back into gear and make sense of what she 's hearing . 
 ` you ca n't see it , jill ! ' 
 she insists vehemently . 
 ` the way you sensed it was , like , incredibly amazing ! 
 but seeing it ? 
 it 's not possible . 
 i mean , the whole point of this suicide thing is all that agony , all that suffering , but -- ' she 's distracted as , out of the corner of her eye , she spots jase finally making a move . 
 her eyes full of pain , she watches his every slow step as he disappears through the open doors into the building . 
 as jase vanishes from view , jackie whirls on me . 
 ` and now i 'm the one suffering , thanks to you ! ' 
 ` me ? 
 what have i made you suffer ? 
 suffer what ? ' 
 for a brief moment , she stares at me like she 's trying to work out if i 'm lying or playing the fool . 
 ` hah ! 
 you really do n't know , do you ? ' 
 she snorts with disgust . 
 she pulls delicately at the ends of her hair , a clump of strands easily coming away in her tightening fingers . 
 ` look at me , you stuck up cow ! ' 
 ` what 's happening to you jackie ? ' 
 i 'm too appalled to take offence at her insult . 
 ` i do n't understand what 's going on ! ' 
 ` you never understand , do you jill ? ' 
 she sneers . 
 ` as long as you 're okay , what 's it matter how much anyone else suffers , eh ? 
 you must be feeling really good now you 've finally got rid of fiona , eh ? ' 
 she turns to leave but , grabbing hold of her shoulder , i drag her back and force her to face me once more . 
 ` got rid of fiona ? ' 
 i 'm more confused than ever . 
 ` sure , i 'm glad if she 's gone ! 
 but it was n't anything to do with me ! 
 i did n't get rid of her ! ' 
 jackie smirks maliciously . 
 ` yes you did , jill , ' she jeers , turning and striding away from me . 
 ` and i hate you for it ! ' 
 * chapter 19 everyone 's passing by me now , heading off into class . 
 but i 'm rooted to the spot , unable to make even the slightest bit of sense of what jackie has just said to me . 
 why -- how -- does she think i got rid of fiona ? 
 why does she think i 'm the one making her suffer ? 
 -lrb- and just what is going on with the way she looks worse every time i see her , like she 's just about falling apart ? -rrb- 
 i 'd hoped she 'd be able to tell me about whatever it is that 's going on with the gloves . 
 with freak . 
 with my ` operation ' . 
 but instead she 's just ended up giving me even more questions i need answers to ! 
 ` hi , stranger ; long time no see . ' 
 cath nonchalantly sidles up to me , her eyes only fleetingly coming up from staring at her mobile 's screen to give me a welcoming smile . 
 ` hi cath , ' i say , perhaps sounding a little distracted but hopefully managing to hide it from her . 
 ` i could n't help but notice , ' she says , her eyes locked onto her screen , her thumb expertly changing the sites she 's flicking through , ` that you and the freak have issues . ' 
 she looks up , smiles warmly at me . 
 a smile that says she 's not gloating but accepting me back as a friend . 
 she goes back to staring at her mobile 's screen . 
 that 's why some people call her scatty ; her mind 's always on the gossip , fashion and beauty sites she endlessly flicks through , rather than the world going on around her . 
 ` jase is so miserable too , ' she says . 
 ` he deserves it , i reckon , for what he did to you . ' 
 she gives me another quick , gracious smile . 
 ` you could look more pleased that 's he 's been dumped , you know ! ' 
 she grins . 
 ` the germans have a word for it you know ; schwarzenegger ! ' 
 ` i think you mean sauce-en-fraud or something , or whatever it is , ' i chuckle . 
 ` schwarzenegger 's the actor . ' 
 ` that 's right , that 's what i meant , ' she says , briefly giving her voice a gruffer , accented edge as she adds , `` ` i 'll be back '' , right ? 
 meaning he always gets his own back , yeah ? ' 
 ` well , i do n't think jase being miserable is getting my own back ... ' ` sure you do n't , jill . ' 
 cath gives me a sly look . 
 she thinks i 'm kidding when i say i 'm not enjoying jase 's misery . 
 then again , just a few days back , i probably would have been kidding . 
 ` we 've missed you , you know ? ' 
 she says . 
 ` i 've missed you ; you know , talking about things like hair , clothes , makeup -- available boys . ' 
 she glances up at me . 
 ` friends again , right babe ? ' 
 ` sure ; friends ! ' 
 reaching out , i give her a warm , joyous hug ; being careful not to dislodge her hold on her mobile , of course ! 
 she holds up her phone right in front of our faces , pointing the camera at us as she quickly snaps a picture . 
 she smiles happily as she looks at our closely touching , grinning faces as they come up on her screen . 
 ` aw , we look sweet ; and gorgeous too , natch ! 
 heartbreakers united again , right ? ' 
 ` right , ' i answer , trying to sound positive . 
 she links her arm through mine , gently pulling me with her towards the steps . 
 ` let 's go in , ' she says . 
 ` and if you 're really serious about not smirking at jase throughout class , i insist you let me do it for you , okay ? ' 
 * for a moment , i 'm tempted to just let cath lead me meekly up the stairs , through the doors , and into class . 
 where i 'll just submissively take my seat , and try and forget everything that 's happened to me recently . 
 it would be so wonderful to be surrounded by my friends once more . 
 i could even put up with jackie glowering at me throughout the lesson , i reckon . 
 i could even ignore jase , if he 's just going to sit there feeling sorry for himself , keeping quiet and remaining uninvolved in anything that 's going on around him . 
 what i ca n't get out of my mind , though , are images of the gloves ! 
 of hezzy . 
 and hezzy 's hands on the car 's steering wheel . 
 i only came here in the hope that i could persuade jackie to take the gloves back . 
 but as i have n't managed that , i need some other way of getting rid of them . 
 freak . 
 i need to somehow find freak , and return them to him . 
 to insist he takes them back . 
 to insist any deal he thinks we have between us is off ; no matter the consequences . 
 i had n't asked for the operation , after all . 
 and you ca n't demand payment from somebody for something they never even asked for . 
 something they had forced upon them . 
 ` cath , sorry and all that , ' i say , pulling a suitably miserable face as i add , ` but i 'm not feeling well ; i think i need to head on home . ' 
 i hate lying to her , especially as we 've only just made up and become friends once more . 
 but in my defence , it 's half true . 
 i can honestly say i 'm not exactly feeling wonderful at the moment ! 
 cath turns , lowers her head slightly , looks me over with wide , concerned eyes . 
 ` oh , i suppose you do look a bit peeky , babe , ' she says with a fretful pout . 
 i grin bravely . 
 -lrb- peeky ? 
 just how bad do i look ? -rrb- 
 ` another picture , right babe ? ' 
 cath adds gaily as , drawing me close again , she snaps another photo . 
 ` could you let miss know , make an excuse for me ? ' 
 ` course , course ; ohh , you do n't look at all well , babe ! ' 
 cath says , studying my face on her screen . 
 ` miss has got to believe me when she sees this ! ' 
 * chapter 20 oh joy ! 
 i was only pretending to be ill , yet according to cath i look like i 'm knocking on death 's door ! 
 then again , who would n't look like that knowing they 've got gloves made from human skin hanging around on their dresser top ? 
 as soon as cath 's disappeared through the school doors , i head off home , breaking into a run whenever i believe i can manage it without drawing too much attention to myself . 
 last thing i need is someone reporting me for playing hooky from school . 
 when i finally get to the house , it looks quiet , seemingly empty . 
 sure , i 've thought that plenty of times , only to surprise mum or dad rollicking around the place just about naked with someone hardly older than me . 
 -lrb- it just is n't a great life i lead , i can tell you ! 
 although , of course , i always tell my friends and everyone else at school that i do live an enviable life ! 
 well , what else am i supposed to say , right ? -rrb- 
 today , i 'm hoping even more than ever that they 're not home . 
 quite bizarrely , i 'm hoping freak 's there , like he was before ; waiting for me , thinking he 's going to surprise me . 
 then he can take his bloody gloves back and take a hike ! 
 * inside the house , there 's no sign of life . 
 unless , of course , you count the gloves ! 
 i shout out , just in case ; ` mum ? 
 dad ? ' 
 no reply , thank god ! 
 i dash up the stairs , rush into my room . 
 no freak ; damn ! 
 the gloves are there , though . 
 hanging over the edge of the opened box , which is itself hanging over the edge of my dresser top . 
 the opened box ! 
 did n't i close it before i left ? 
 and was n't it farther back on the dresser ? 
 perhaps no ; perhaps i 'm just scaring myself . 
 imagining things . 
 even so i creep towards the box , like it 's going to suddenly leap at me and snap my head off . 
 crazy huh ? 
 there 's something small and white poking out from the box 's velvet lining that i 've never noticed before . 
 like the edge of a business card peeping out from a specially constructed pocket . 
 i reach out for it cautiously , like i 'm still bizarrely expecting the box lid to snap down hard on my hand . 
 i retrieve the card without the lid biting my hand off . 
 after all my worrying , it 's just the kind of card you get with any glamorous purchase ; a little promotional blurb they include in the hope you 'll be back for more . 
 ` the finest gloves , the softest leather ; a second skin -- a most sensuous experience . 
 nonpareil haute couture . 
 a veritable delight for the senses . ' 
 wow , they 've sure got that right about the second skin and the sensual experience . 
 on the back , there 's an address for the shop ; and would n't you know it , it 's in my town , but down in the sort of district you 'd normally only go shopping in with an sas and seal squad in attendance . 
 then again , when these gloves were made back in the early twentieth century , it may well have been the place to be . 
 of course , it may also be that the box and card originally contained some other gloves . 
 and freak or whoever first put these gloves together just put them in this expensive box to give them an extra bit of cachet . 
 thing is , even if i take the gloves back to the shop , what happens then ? 
 do i seriously ask them if they accept returns ? 
 tell them i 'm not expecting my money back ? 
 ` these gloves were n't quite what i was expecting . ' 
 ` that 's right ; never worn . ' 
 or do i just come straight out with it and tell them if they do n't take them back , i 'm calling in that ginger haired guy from cis ? 
 sure , great idea jill ; and end up as their newest pair of gloves , right ? 
 just like hezzy 's gloves , they could even have a nice little card with them : ` a most sensuous experience -- discover the agony suffered when your boyfriend runs off with a far more beautiful girl ! ' 
 nope , i 've got to think of another way of getting rid of -- aaarrrggggghhhhhh ! 
 my god , no , no ! 
 i 've just caught sight of myself in my dressing table mirror . 
 and just like jackie 's face , half of mine is beginning to start hanging off me like a slab of butcher 's meat ! 
 * chapter 21 no wonder cath had looked so shocked when she 'd last seen me . 
 or have i just got worse and worse since leaving her , just as jackie seems to be deteriorating more each time i see her ? 
 i 'm feeling my skin , trying to push it back up into place . 
 it 's not quite as bad as i 'd first thought , when i 'd first caught that glimpse of myself in the mirror ; but what 's happening to me is still absolutely horrifying . 
 it 's like one side of my face has decided the only expression it 's capable of is frowning miserably ! 
 i ca n't go out looking like this ! 
 is it all down to freak 's operation on me ? 
 has it started to go wrong ? 
 is he the only one who can fix me up right again ? 
 i could ring the doctor 's , the hospital ; but i somehow instinctively know that they 're not going to be able to help me . 
 freak 's the only one who can set all this right once more . 
 which means i 'm going to have to visit that shop , whether i want to or not . 
 * like jackie , i 've taken to draping my hair over one side of my face . 
 it got me by on the bus getting here , with no one really staring , or thinking i was acting a little oddly . 
 the shop 's a lot quainter looking than i 'd imagined it to be ; all wonky tudor timbering and overhangs , with a sharply angled slate roof , only coming half way up the other shops it 's attached to . 
 everywhere else , its kebabs , tattoo parlours and iron-grilled pawn shops . 
 freak 's shop is like something snatched out of the most carefully preserved area of london 's mayfair . 
 there are mannequins in the window wearing the kind of dresses audrey hepburn would consider expensive . 
 i 'm no expert on these things , but they seem to be dresses from different eras . 
 periods when you got glamour in spades , providing you were prepared to pay for it . 
 they 're not even regular mannequins either , each one being individually unique , and incredibly lifelike . 
 the way they 're posed and dressed , they could all be vogue cover shots . 
 why this shop has n't been ram-raided , i 've got no idea . 
 then again , perhaps i have . 
 because now i see them , laid out on elegant tables and chairs as part of the window display . 
 gloves . 
 lots of them . 
 and all promising ` a most sensuous experience ' . 
 * there are also scarves , purses and soft leather slippers in the window . 
 i dread to think what -- or rather who -- they might originally have been . 
 like the gloves , they 're available in white , black , brown , red and yellow . 
 and , surprisingly , blue and green , so i 'm presuming dyes are involved here . 
 of course , it could well be that every single item in this shop is perfectly normal . 
 it could well be that it 's only the gloves i 've brought here with me that have been ` specially ' made , no doubt with the help of freak . 
 certainly , stepping into the shop does n't , as i 'd expected , make my fresh creep . 
 the effect 's entirely the opposite , for the dresses i 'd seen in the window are obviously only a very small selection of the stock the shop has to offer . 
 for a start , the shop extends much farther back than i 'd expected . 
 despite having a ridiculously low , light-oak beamed ceiling , it 's also much lighter than i would have believed possible . 
 although there are the usual rails of dresses you 'd tend to expect in such a shop , many of the dresses are once again displayed on elegantly posed mannequins . 
 it 's like i 've been transported to an exclusive white house or buckingham palace garden party . 
 i almost miss the assistant standing behind the small counter , mainly because instead of being one of those weird little creatures who 'd operated on me , and whom i 'd been kind of expecting to be here , she 's every bit as gorgeous and expensively dressed as the mannequins . 
 she could be a top model , earning about one hundred times more than what i suspect she 's earning here . 
 then again , going by the quality of items on sale , if she 's getting ten-percent commission she 's probably earning whatever a top model expects anyway . 
 she smiles at me , one of those smiles assistants in expensive shops give you when they 've instantly figured out that you could n't afford a pair of their cheapest socks in the new year 's day sale . 
 then she spots that i 'm holding one of their glove boxes . 
 the smile instantly changes , like she 's suddenly recognised me as being a fellow member of an ultra-select club . 
 ` i 'd like to return these gloves , please . ' 
 the smile immediately changes back again . 
 ` return them ? ' 
 she says it like it 's the craziest thing she 's ever heard . 
 i 'm opening up the glove box on the counter anyway , the way you do when you 're about to point out that whatever you 've bought has a hole , or is coming apart at the seams . 
 what i can say about a pair of faultless gloves , i 'm not so sure . 
 oh yeah , wait , i remember ; ` these are made of human skin ! ' 
 the girl looks at the gloves admiringly , enviously . 
 ` no finer material around , madam , ' she says , like we 're talking about merino wool . 
 ` what seems to be the problem ? ' 
 she quickly casts her expert eye over the gloves , her puzzled frown unmistakably spelling out to me that she knows they 're perfect . 
 then , before i can answer her question , she glances up at my face , trying to peer behind the veil i 've made of my hair on one side . 
 ` should n't you be using the gloves ? ' 
 she asks curiously . 
 ` i mean , if you do n't want things to get worse . ' 
 she indicates the veiled side of my face with a slight nod of her head . 
 ` get worse ? ' 
 i 'm both horrified and furious . 
 ` what do you know -- ' ` did n't anyone ever tell you it 's rude to return a gift ? ' 
 freak appears from a door leading into a back room . 
 at least , i know it 's freak because i recognise his voice . 
 he 's dressed so much differently today , wearing the elegant suit that you 'd expect of a proprietor of a shop like this . 
 his hair , too , is expertly coiffured . 
 you know what they 're made off , ' i insist as firmly as i can manage . 
 i think my voice might be quivering a little , due to the strange situation i 've found myself in . 
 ` i want you to take them back ; now ! ' 
 ` would you like to step into the back ? ' 
 he says , in the manner a normal shop owner would ask someone if they wanted to discuss favourable financial terms . 
 ` the back ! ' 
 i shake my head . 
 ` no way am i stepping in there with you ! ' 
 the girl next to me sighs , giving me the disparaging look a department store assistant gives an over-reacting , completely unpleasable customer . 
 ` are you sure about that ? ' 
 freak gently touches the side of his own face . 
 ` is n't there some more important matter to discuss other than the return of a pair of gloves ? ' 
 ` i ... i sort of hoped returning the gloves would , you know , tend to make everything else all right . ' 
 both freak and the girl have the same kind of smile , smiles usually reserved for tolerating a child 's amusing naivety . 
 freak opens the door to his back room . 
 ` it 's perfectly safe , ' he assures me . 
 he turns to the girl . 
 ` has any woman i 've invited into my back room ever come to any harm , miss dorent ? ' 
 the girl , of course , shakes her head . 
 ` no sir ; quite the contrary , i would say . ' 
 she says it with an oddly dreamy expression . 
 ` on the contrary ? 
 what 's that supposed to mean ? ' 
 i ask suspiciously . 
 ` i mean they always come out incredibly happy . ' 
 ` er , that sounds even weirder . ' 
 ` i simply help them understand how truly beautiful they are , ' freak says with a touch of exasperation . 
 ` or , rather , how beautiful they could be , under my direction and with my help . ' 
 he gently touches the side of his face again , making me unconsciously reach for the disfigured side of my own face . 
 ` you -- you caused this ? ' 
 ` oh no no ; you did . 
 if i may explain ? ' 
 once again , he invites me to step through the door . 
 what choice do i have ? 
 it 's not as if i 'm much safer out here anyway , as this miss dorent 's obviously an accomplice . 
 * chapter 22 stepping through the doorway into the back of freak 's shop is n't the massive change of atmosphere i was expecting it to be . 
 far from being a back room , this room 's every bit as large and brightly illuminated as the room we 've just left behind . 
 it 's still full of gracefully posed mannequins too , although the dresses being worn here stretch farther back in time than the ones out front . 
 otherwise , the mannequins are all just as impossibly beautiful , just as incredibly detailed and realistic . 
 there are even a few men here , wearing everything from slick modern suits to the type of costume shakespeare would have felt at home wearing . 
 ` is it the operation ? ' 
 i ask , stroking my face worriedly once more . 
 ` or is what 's happening to me the same thing that 's happening to jackie ? ' 
 ` yes , yes to both your questions ; although really , it all comes down to you both suffering my displeasure . ' 
 ` displeasure ? 
 why , what have i done ? 
 i did n't ask to be operated on ! ' 
 ` as we both realise , miss paxton , if you had n't had the operation , you 'd be in a far worse state than you 're in now . 
 what 's more , at the time you were hardly in a fit state to be asked permission , or to refuse . 
 the operation was a complete success , with absolutely no complications . ' 
 ` no complications ! 
 look at me ! ' 
 i pull the veil of hair away from the disfigured side of my face . 
 ` as i say , the operation -- which was not by any means a normal operation -- was a complete success . 
 an essential element of the operation is that it allows you a certain degree of control over how you look . ' 
 ` i can change it back ? ' 
 i ask hopefully . 
 ` i can go back to how i looked before ? ' 
 ` ah , that depends , of course ... ' ` depends on what ? ' 
 i think i 'm slowly beginning to work out what he means . 
 ` depends on ensuring i do n't earn your displeasure ? ' 
 he nods , smiles . 
 ` and how hard is that , jill ? 
 all i want you to do is to keep the gloves ; they 're a gift ! 
 a fabulous gift , as i 'm sure you 're aware . ' 
 ` but they 're disgusting ! 
 they 're made of human skin ! 
 poor hezzy 's skin ! ' 
 freak shakes his head sadly . 
 ` jackie told you ? 
 that girl certainly knows how to earn my displeasure , does n't she ? ' 
 ` it was n't jackie ; i saw hezzy committing suicide . ' 
 freak 's eyes open wide , but not just with surprise ; there 's also a wild sparkle of delight . 
 ` i saw you there too , ' i continue , feeling that at last i have the upper hand ; i 'm the one surprising him . 
 ` you tried to stop her -- and that 's the only reason why i still have some small residue of trust in you , i suppose . 
 i do n't know what the hell 's going on around here , or how you managed to be there about a hundred years ago ; but if you tried to stop her , there must be some good in you ! ' 
 for a moment , he looks a little ashamed , perhaps even bashful . 
 ` yes , yes ; she drove off -- i was too late . ' 
 ` so -- can you explain the gloves ? 
 how they come to be made out of hezzy 's skin ? 
 you might have been too late to save her , but you did n't seem to mind mutilating her just to get a nice pair of gloves out of her hands ! ' 
 he looks up once more , his face creased in shock as if hurt by my comment . 
 ` but do n't you see ? 
 she lives on through those gloves ! 
 just as you live on because i had the chance of rescuing you . 
 i would have rescued hezzy in the same way too , if i could ; but even i could n't perform the miracle required to piece her together after that crash . ' 
 now his eyes are pleading for understanding . 
 ` you 've seen how the gloves work , jill ; she 's still alive in those gloves . 
 all her emotions and sensations , all there for you and anybody else to experience and learn from . ' 
 ` i tried to commit suicide , just like she did ! ' 
 i protest . 
 ` only you jill ; you were the only one to see her suicide , to even know she committed suicide . 
 and that 's because there 's something special about you , something i sort of recognised earlier . 
 which is why i knew i had to save you . 
 and hezzy , she was special too , but in a different way ; she had this wealth of experience that so many other less confident women can learn from , can experience for themselves . 
 for all these other women , jill , the gloves are what they were for you the first time you wore them -- a means of bringing out their own inner beauty and seductive powers . ' 
 ` oh and a lot of good these seductive powers did hezzy , right ? 
 this boyfriend of hers dumped her just like jase dumped me . ' 
 ` but jill , there will always be one man , one woman , who remains immune to our allure . 
 both you and hezzy were just incredibly unfortunate , that 's all . ' 
 with a casual wave of his hand , he indicates the room of mannequins surrounding us . 
 ` look at my business , jill ; an incredibly thriving business . 
 do you think everyone who comes through here ends up suicidal ? ' 
 with a nod of his head , he next draws my attention to a wall full of framed pictures , old photographs and drawings of the shop in earlier periods . 
 its exterior still looks much the same as it does now , with only the adjacent buildings being different . 
 the interiors of the shop change , the types of lighting -- gas lamps , candles set against mirrors -- being different for one thing , the dresses adorning the ranged mannequins being another . 
 the styles go back through the ages , but many are dressed in the fashion of the period ; edwardian , victorian , and , i think , even georgian . 
 ` you heard miss dorent , ' freak continues proudly , ` they leave here ecstatic ! 
 and they come back time and time again for more and more . 
 in every other case but yours , my gloves are an astounding success ! ' 
 ` gloves ? 
 plural ? 
 so there are many more gloves like hezzy 's ? ' 
 he nods , but unapologetically . 
 ` of course ! 
 as i say , in some cases they 're all that 's retrievable after the sad loss of some great and ravishing beauty in our past ; someone whose early passing would be a great and tragic loss to the world of experience and sensuality ! 
 is it really right that all those wonderful experiences they 've accumulated over their short lives should be lost to us all forever ? 
 how much would we mourn the loss , say , of the great thinkers , if they were n't able to put their thoughts down in books ? ' 
 ` books and gloves made of their skin are a completely different thing ! ' 
 ` but what if we did n't have books ? 
 would we really suffer the loss of their accumulated thoughts , if we had the opportunity to recover their discoveries in , say , sections of their dna , or their cells , of their brains , which we could somehow store and read ? ' 
 he draws my attention to my shoes . 
 ` leather , right ? 
 have you any idea of the processing that goes into transforming a living animal into those gay little shoes of yours ? 
 and how about those quaint little purses you see made of calves ' leather -- or , even worse , unborn calves ? 
 all that , too , for nothing more than some pretty adornment you 're going to tire of one day and throw away . 
 my gloves , on the other hand -- what pleasure , what incredible knowledge and help , do they bring with them ? 
 who 's going to tire of them and throw them away ? ' 
 before i can avoid it , he reaches out and gently touches my face . 
 his touch creates a slight tingle , as if a small electric charge has just coursed through us . 
 i feel my skin tighten , the sensation you get when you 've used a strongly astringent cream . 
 i pull my hair back and glance at myself in one of the many large mirrors set around the room . 
 my face ! 
 everything 's back to how it should be ! 
 the angrily frozen side 's now just like the other side of my face . 
 when i smile , my whole mouth , my whole face , smiles once more . 
 ` how 'd you ... ' freak interrupts my question with a modest grin , a slightly raised hand . 
 ` was it me ? 
 or was it you ? 
 because we both know now , i presume , that you 're not going to throw those remarkable gloves away . 
 think about it ; was n't one of the very reasons you did n't want to dispose of them because you know that they 're still an indelible part of hezzy and her life ? 
 through them , she still lives ; and destroying them is like destroying the very last of her . 
 you become the one who finally kills her . ' 
 ` well , yes , i suppose ... ' i 'm still not quite sure what to think . 
 am i really on the point of accepting back a pair of gloves made of hezzy 's skin ? 
 then again , if he 's not going to take them back anyway , and if my refusal to keep them means i end up looking more and more like poor jackie ... ` those gloves can help your friends , just like they originally helped you , ' freak confidently declares , as if he 's actually read the doubt on my face . 
 ` what about your friend cath ? 
 is n't there someone she 's longing to be asked out by ? 
 would n't you like to see her be as happy as you were ? ' 
 ` hah , until someone like fiona comes along again , and spoils everything ! ' 
 ` what 's the chances of that ? ' 
 freak shrugs , like we 're talking a million to one chance here . 
 ` besides , i have it on good authority that fiona at least is no longer around . ' 
 ` you do ? ' 
 he nods , smiles . 
 ` would you have jase back though , now you know how he 's treated you ? ' 
 i shake my head . 
 ` no way would i have him back ! 
 i 'd only ever feel like i was second best ; like he was just making do with me till another fiona came along . ' 
 ` see ? ' 
 he says proudly . 
 ` you 've picked up some of hezzy 's fighting spirit along the way ! ' 
 ` what was she like ? 
 the real hezzy , i mean ? 
 you knew her well , right ? ' 
 ` very well ! ' 
 his face takes on an almost dreamy expression , as if he 's thinking back to how she used to be . 
 ` some of the things she got up to ! 
 you 'd be amazed , impressed ! ' 
 he comes out of his semi-dream state , looks back towards me . 
 ` but that was then ; a time i 'll tell you about some other time ! 
 now we 're talking about letting hezzy help your friend cath . 
 and if i know hezzy , i know she 'd be excited about that ! ' 
 i chuckle . 
 ` cath ? 
 cath does n't need any help to feel good about herself ! 
 or to get boyfriends ; she can get just about who she wants with a smile and a flip of her fingers . ' 
 ` just about who she wants ? 
 boyfriend-s ? 
 but what about the boyfriend she really wants ? 
 the boy who does n't come under the `` just about '' range ? 
 come on , jill ; you know what i 'm talking about ! 
 would n't cath have said exactly the same about you a few months back ? 
 that you could get just about who you wanted ? 
 but there 's always somebody special who seems just out of our reach , does n't there ? 
 making them all the more irresistible and desirable for that ? ' 
 damn him ! 
 is n't there anything this bloody freak does n't know ? 
 ` well , okay , you 're right ; there is one guy . 
 someone she would n't even tell me about -- but i sort of guessed anyway , recognising the longing looks she was always giving him . 
 the way she 'd talk about him , too . ' 
 ` well there you are then ! 
 you can help cath win the boyfriend of her dreams ! ' 
 ` hmn , it 's just a little more complicated than that ... ' ` oh , hezzy 's expertise will help her overcome any complications , ' he says with an airily dismissive wave of his hands . 
 ` but there were particular reasons why cath would n't tell me . 
 she was embarrassed . 
 she did n't want to hurt me . ' 
 ` oh oh ; let me guess . 
 she was in love with your boyfriend ? 
 with jase ? ' 
 i nod . 
 he frowns thoughtfully . 
 ` ah , yes ; that is a complication . ' 
 he looks at me like , for once , he 's expecting me to arrive at an answer . 
 ` i 'm over jase ; there no complication really , ' i say resolutely . 
 am i over jase ? 
 no , probably not . 
 but i ca n't accept being second best . 
 ` it 's agreed then ! ' 
 freak pronounces triumphantly . 
 ` you 're going to help your friend cath get the boyfriend of her dreams -- jase withers ! ' 
 * chapter 23 god , am i stupid , or what ? 
 so after all that , i end up leaving with the bloody gloves -- made of human skin ! 
 -- after all ! 
 i mean , it was n't even as if i 'd had the sense to at least ask freak why he was doing this . 
 i mean , why is he wanting to help cath ? 
 it 's not as if he exactly strikes me as having any socially-aware tendencies ! 
 he 's obviously making a fortune out of his gloves and what-have-you . 
 so why hand out freebies to people like me and cath ? 
 a marketing ploy ? 
 is that all it is ? 
 you know , showing off to his wealthy customers that his company 's all signed up to the better-world agenda , helping the less fortunate in society . 
 or maybe it 's a way of showing that even dumb , hormone-raging teens can benefit from the use of his products . 
 whatever it is , it seems to be working . 
 as i 'd left the shop , i 'd noticed that miss dorent had managed to sell one of those if-you-have -- to-ask-you-can ' t-afford-it dresses in the short time i 'd been talking to freak . 
 where an elizabeth taylor lookalike mannequin had been wearing a flouncy , fifties ' style dress , there was now a bare , regular mannequin in the same pose , raising an arm as if haling a cab or calling out to someone . 
 i 'd thought it odd that miss dorent had also removed the lookalike mannequin , but then again , going by how realistic these things are , i 'm not sure a naked version would n't be breaking any number of laws , if you get where i 'm coming from here . 
 ` jill ! ' 
 the shout jolts me out of the little maze of thoughts and problems i 've made for myself . 
 turning around , i see someone running across our front lawn , heading my way . 
 i ca n't tell who it is as they 've got the hood of their jacket up . 
 ` i 've been waiting ages for you ! ' 
 it 's jackie 's voice . 
 she snaps it out like i 've let her down , turning up unexpectedly late for an appointment we 'd made earlier . 
 i 'm tempted to snap angrily back at her , seeing as how she 's the one who 's got me into all this trouble . 
 then i see her face . 
 if i ever wanted to try and guess what medusa must have looked like , i do n't have to do any guessing anymore . 
 because here she is , the only difference being she has n't got hair made of serpents , she 's got hair that simply looks like a mass of writhing snakes . 
 otherwise , the face is as haggard and warped as i 'd ever imagined a gorgon could look like . 
 ` are you going to ... ' her eyes fall on the boxed gloves in my hand . 
 something that 's supposed to be a smile seems to cross her face . 
 ` good , good , yes you are ! ' 
 she says joyfully . 
 ` yes , i am ; but wait a minute , jackie ! 
 what 's going on ? 
 you 've got a lot of explaining to do ! ' 
 i ca n't help but stare at her ravaged face . 
 she reaches up , touches her face with a trembling hand . 
 the hand is every bit as wasted as her face , with shreds of skin hanging off like a used paper tissue . 
 ` this you mean ? ' 
 again , she gives me what passes for a resigned smile . 
 ` look , all you 've got to do -- ' ` i know why you look like that , jackie ; i mean what the heck did you think you were doing dragging me into all this ? ' 
 ` dragging you ? ' 
 she laughs bitterly . 
 ` i ca n't remember any dragging going on ! 
 you were the one asking to use the gloves again and again ! 
 i was trying to stop you ; or have you conveniently forgotten that ? ' 
 she 's right ; i had forgotten that ! 
 even so , she was the one who introduced me to the gloves in the first place . 
 ` but you knew what the gloves do to you ! ' 
 ` sure , jill ; they give you what you were dying to know ! 
 how to seduce the gorgeous , irresistible jase ! 
 how was i supposed to know you 'd react to them the way you did ? 
 okay , i admit it that i should 've stopped you using the gloves so much . 
 but look at me , jill ! 
 do i deserve this ? ' 
 she throws her hood back , turns her head back and forth , all so i can get a good luck at how terrifying she looks . 
 it 's especially frightening to see her like this as i ca n't help but wonder how close i came to looking like that myself . 
 could this be what i 'd be looking like now if i 'd refused to do what freak wants ? 
 ` i 'm like this because freak thinks i mishandled you . 
 i 'm being punished for everything that happened to you ! 
 so in a way , you 're responsible ! ' 
 ` he told me , yeah . 
 i 'm sorry -- i thought , to be honest , that you 'd be okay now . ' 
 ` because you 've agreed to use the gloves , right ? ' 
 she says it gleefully , like it 's the best news anybody could ever hear . 
 she reaches out , grabs me joyfully by the waist , and for a moment i 'm seriously worried she 's going to whirl me around in some sort of ecstatic , waltzing dance . 
 ` which means he will forgive me , i 'm sure ! 
 eventually , if not pretty soon ! 
 and you see , jill -- there are the most amazing advantages to giving freak what he wants . 
 this is just the worst of it -- ' once again , she twirls her head slightly , but this time in the way a fashion model let 's everyone see how beautiful she is -- ` but the best more than makes up for it ! ' 
 no matter how hard i try , i ca n't think of anything that would make up for looking like this . 
 ` look , jackie ; would n't it be easier if we just went to the police ? ' 
 ` the police ? 
 of course ! 
 why did n't i think of that ? 
 duh ! ' 
 yeah , you guessed ; she says it so it 's just absolutely dripping with sarcasm . 
 she even gives herself a theatrical slap on her forehead . 
 ` because , einstein , i 'd end up looking like this forever ! ' 
 she snarls , pointing back at her own face . 
 she looks horrified . 
 on a face that 's already horrifying , that 's some mean trick . 
 ` sure , going to the police would n't earn freak 's displeasure at all , would it ? 
 he 'd be frankly overjoyed , would n't he ? 
 so you 'd keep your pretty little face just the way it is , and you could just sit through the entire court case charming everyone with your pert little nose and twinkly eyes ! ' 
 ` but doctors , the hospital , they could -- ' ` look at us and throw their hands up in horror ! 
 you were dead , remember ? ' 
 ` well , perhaps not dead , but -- ' ` but better off dead ! 
 there would n't have been enough of you working to fill a wheelchair in an iron lung , jill ! 
 freak 's operations are n't normal operations , ones that can just be tidied up a bit by a few of those ever-so-caring jerks from er ! 
 we do what freak wants , or we end up envying the elephant man for his ravishing looks ! ' 
 ` then ... then there 's nothing we can do ? ' 
 she shakes her head . 
 but that weird smile begins to show itself on her face once again . 
 ` but did n't you hear me when i said the best more than makes up for it ? 
 there are advantages to this ; things like you 'd never , ever believe were possible ! ' 
 she touches the glove box in my hands like it 's the most precious relic she 's ever seen . 
 ` so you 'll do it , right ? ' 
 her eyes sparkle excitedly . 
 ` you 'll help your friend , like he 's asked ? ' 
 i nod . 
 ` why not ? 
 if it helps her -- and us -- yeah , why not ? ' 
 she grabs me again like we 're about to go waltzing round the garden . 
 worst of all , for a split moment i even fear she 's going to kiss me . 
 ` jill , you 're wonderful ! 
 oh , and believe me , you wo n't regret it ! 
 you really wo n't ! ' 
 * chapter 24 jackie 's rant about the police and hospitals had only confirmed what i 'd already been thinking myself ; that they would n't be any help . 
 she 'd also more or less confirmed what freak had told me ; that the only reason i 'd ended up suicidal was all down to a mix of my own special abilities and fiona just showing up like that . 
 which meant it would be perfectly safe for cath to use the gloves . 
 so , what problem was there in simply doing what freak was asking ? 
 and if i went along with what he wanted , there was no need for the police or any new operation anyway . 
 and i might even get to see what all these other ` advantages ' jackie had mentioned were . 
 first thing , of course , i need to check that cath herself is on for it . 
 tell her up front -- no lies this time , nothing being hidden from her , as jackie had hidden things from me -- what the gloves can do for her . 
 then if she still wants to go ahead with trying out the gloves , why should i deny her the chances i had ? 
 * getting cath on her mobile is the easiest thing in the world . 
 it never leaves her hand . 
 -lrb- okay , maybe when she 's in the bathroom . -rrb- 
 even as i approach her in the street where we 'd arranged to meet , she 's gawping at her mobile , despite the facts she 's supposed to be taking her shiatsu gabby out for a walk . 
 ` hi babe , ' she says , with only a fleeting glance up from the screen . 
 ` what 's all this mystery then ? 
 all this `` i 'll tell you when i get there '' ? ' 
 suddenly , her eyes open wide in shock . 
 ` babe ! 
 you look gorgeous again ! ' 
 with a click , she takes a picture of me . 
 she immediately whirls her camera around so i can see the screen . 
 yeah , i 've got to admit i do look pretty good . 
 ` you looked terrible before ! 
 what was it ? 
 mumps ? 
 all that awful swelling ! ' 
 she smiles , curls an arm around me , gives me a quick hug . 
 letting me know she 's pleased that i 'm back to my old self . 
 ` just some allergy , i reckon . ' 
 i give her a warm hug in return . 
 ` but look , that 's not why i 'm here , cath . ' 
 ` ohh , the mystery , right ? 
 but wait , wait , jill . ' 
 spinning around , she takes a quick snap of gabby . 
 she instantly brings her phone back up between us so we can both see the picture . 
 ` ahhh , ' cath sighs . 
 ` is n't she just so cute ? ' 
 ` gorgeous , ' i say brightly enough to satisfy cath that i mean it . 
 ` so , what 's all this mystery then , babe ? ' 
 ` a secret , cath ; i 'm sorry , but i 've been keeping something from you . ' 
 cath 's so surprised she actually slips her phone into a pocket in her jeans . 
 ` babe ! 
 friends should never have secrets ! ' 
 ` cath , we both know that you 've been holding a secret back from me too ! ' 
 ` a secret ? 
 no , no , jill ; i 've never kept a secret from you -- you should know that . ' 
 ` cath , i do n't mind ; in fact , in this case i think it shows just how good a friend you are . 
 because you did n't want to hurt me . ' 
 ` babe , babe , you 're worrying me now ! 
 why do you think i 'd keep a secret from you that might hurt you ? ' 
 ` no , no ; i mean you did n't want me to know , because you thought knowing would hurt me . 
 but i knew anyway , cath ; i could tell that when i was going out with jase , you fancied him too . ' 
 she turns her head away in embarrassment . 
 ` jill ! 
 what are you saying ? 
 i never -- ' i reach out and give her a reassuring hug . 
 ` cath , i 'm not upset ! 
 we ca n't help who we fall for , can we ? 
 and i think that the way you tried to hide it so you would n't hurt me was absolutely wonderful of you ! ' 
 she gives me a wan smile . 
 ` well , sorry babe ; but he is gorgeous , is n't he ? ' 
 her eyes open wide in horror as it dawns on her that jase just broke up with me . 
 ` oh , sorry babe ! 
 i did n't mean -- ' ` that 's okay , that 's okay , ' i laugh . 
 ` i 'm over him now , do n't worry ! 
 so over him ! 
 but cath ; if you still want to go out with him , then i 'm not only fine with that , but i might -- i know -- i can help you get him out on a date ! ' 
 cath pouts miserably . 
 ` babe , let 's face it ; jase is even out of my league . ' 
 ` ah , but that 's where i come to my secret , cath ; i 'm going to tell you how i worked out how i could get jase to go out with me . ' 
 * chapter 25 when i look at myself in my dressing table mirror the next morning , i 'm feeling very pleased with myself naturally , cath had looked at me like i was just a little crazy when i 'd told her about the gloves . 
 ` trust me , ' i 'd insisted , ` i do n't know how they work ; i just know they do ! ' 
 as a sort of explanation for how they might work , i 'd told her they must have somehow recorded the emotions of people who had previously worn them ; ` you know , like a house somehow records a highly emotional event like a betrayal or a killing , making us think we 're seeing a ghost ! ' 
 i could n't tell her that the gloves were made of human skin , or of hezzy 's unfortunate history . 
 well , it would all just gross her out , would n't it ? 
 so i told her that i 'd inherited them from some long-lost relative . 
 how easy lies can just start tripping off the tongue , right ? 
 and once you 're in , once you 've started telling them , it 's hard to back out . 
 okay , so she 's a friend , and i should n't be telling her these things . 
 but if i told her the truth , she 'd be missing out on the experience -- the experiences -- of a lifetime , would n't she ? 
 as soon as she 'd seen the gloves , cath had realised they were special . 
 you could just see it in her eyes that she thought they were just so amazingly beautiful . 
 when she 'd picked them up , she 'd almost purred with delight when she 'd felt how incredibly soft and light they were . 
 ` they 're sort of warm , too , ' she 'd said in thrilled surprise . 
 ` even before you put them on , you can feel this wonderful warmth in their leather ! ' 
 even when she 'd just slipped one glove on , i could tell that she was already beginning to believe that everything i 'd said about the gloves was true . 
 her pupils were dilated with pleasure . 
 she was pouting , grinning wildly . 
 her eyes closed as soon as she slipped her hand into the second glove . 
 what can i say ? 
 i do n't want to go into much detail , as it was actually more than a little embarrassing for me , standing next to my friend as she seemed to more or less go through the throes of ecstasy . 
 even more embarrassing , however , is that i 'm now wondering what the heck i looked like to jackie when i was the one wearing the gloves , and she was the one standing alongside . 
 little gabby , sitting on the floor next to me , simpered worriedly . 
 the thing is , when you 're experiencing all those amazing things that the gloves can offer you , the real world outside of you simply ceases to exist . 
 you 're suddenly in a whole new , more exciting world , where you 're a goddess and everyone worships you . 
 when cath finally took the gloves off , her face was covered in a light sheen of sweat . 
 she appeared exhausted , yet desirously happy . 
 she could n't thank me enough for letting her wear the gloves . 
 ` i did n't ... just did n't know ... anything could be like that ! ' 
 as she left my house , i noticed that her phone was still in her pocket . 
 she was paying more attention to her dear little gabby too , while managing to walk out with the hint of a confident sway to her body that would have had a catwalk model gaping in admiration . 
 ` come on gabby dearest ; mummy 's got something she needs to do . ' 
 that 's what the gloves can do to you ; bring out a ridiculously high level of self-assurance that you never believed you had inside you . 
 i almost fondly tap the gloves lying alongside me on my dresser top . 
 ` thanks hezzy , ' i say , ` we 've all got so much we can all learn from you ! ' 
 * i glance back at myself in the mirror . 
 i smile contentedly at what i see . 
 wow , i 've never looked better ! 
 in fact -- are those really my eyebrows ? 
 no ! 
 they 're the eyebrows i 've desperately wanted since about a year ago . 
 that 's when i first saw the latest outcrop of young models and starlets flourishing these wonderfully angular brows that could make anybody look hot ! 
 i 'd begged mum and dad to let me have them . 
 to let me have just one more nip and tuck they could 've got their favourite surgeons to do as a favour , they spend so much down there . 
 but did they let me have them ? 
 no way did they ! 
 they 'd told me to wait , told me to make sure that that 's what i really wanted before i went ahead with it . 
 hah , that 's rich , coming from those two , with more plastic than barbie and ken . 
 but now i 've got the eyebrows i wanted anyway . 
 the perfect eyebrows . 
 shaped like i 've paid gazillions for them ! 
 so , this is the sort of extra advantage jackie was talking about , is it ? 
 if it is , i like it ! 
 yes , i like it very very much ! 
 and if i 'm starting to earn freak 's approval ; do these advantages stretch to getting to wear one of those fabulous dresses he has in his shop ? 
 * chapter 26 this time miss dorent greets me warmly . 
 ` mr king will be with you in a moment , jill , ' she says after she 's finished showing a middle-aged , expensively dressed woman into the back room . 
 ` mr king ? 
 oh , yes , yes ; of course ! 
 mr king ! ' 
 i glance around the shop , noticing straight away that the elizabeth taylor mannequin 's back in its place . 
 she 's wearing the same dress she was last time , so either it 's a copy , or the woman who 'd taken it away last time had either hired it , or decided not to buy it . 
 farther down the shop , there 's a newly bared , regular mannequin . 
 i ca n't remember which one of the more realistic mannequins had originally been in its position . 
 an excited tittering comes from the doorway leading into the back of the shop . 
 a truly glamorous and gorgeous woman appears there , huskily shouting back her thanks to ` mr king ' over an elegant shoulder . 
 she whisks past us , i think giving me a pitying look , then heads out of the shop doorway . 
 a limousine is waiting outside , one that must have quietly drawn up while i 've been looking around the mannequins . 
 a chauffer holds the car 's rear door open , and the woman gracefully slips into its luxuriously upholstered seats . 
 ` mr king will see you now , ' miss dorent cheerfully informs me as the car drives off , indicating with a fluid wave of an arm that i can step into the back . 
 i 'm surprised . 
 the older woman must still be back there with him , unless she 's being attended to by some other assistant i have n't met yet . 
 which , of course , is n't inconceivable . 
 stepping through into the back , i 'm greeted by a beaming freak . 
 there 's no sign of the woman , though there are plenty of doors towards the back that she could have slipped through . 
 as in the front of the shop , there 's now a bared , regular mannequin in here , replacing one that had been wearing the green evening dress i 've just seen the gorgeous woman leaving in . 
 ` i was n't expecting you back so soon ! ' 
 freak declares happily . 
 ` oh , i just love the eyebrows ! 
 very very you ! ' 
 ` oh , you noticed ! ' 
 of course he did , idiot ! 
 but what i mean is , i 'm pleased he did . 
 ` it 's hard not to notice , ' he says . 
 ` on you , they 're particularly beautiful ! ' 
 i nod appreciatively . 
 as he 's obviously in an extra-special good mood , i decide , what the heck , let 's just get what 's on my mind out in the open straight away ! 
 ` i was wondering , mr king . ' 
 i say it with a slight chuckle that seems to amuse him . 
 ` would there be any chance of me borrowing one of your amazing dresses ? 
 or perhaps even buying one ? 
 on special terms that wo n't leave me bankrupt before i 'm anywhere near twenty ? ' 
 ` borrow one ? ' 
 he says ` borrow ' like he 's horrified by the thought alone . 
 then he smiles , like it 's all just been a joke all along . 
 ` i 'm sure , yes , that we can work something out that you 'll feel happy with . ' 
 i 'm thrilled . 
 i look about me , wondering which dress would suit me best . 
 any one of them would make me look like a celebrity , a catwalk queen , a hollywood actress . 
 ` none of these , i think , ' freak says dismissively , noticing my interest in the dresses surrounding us . 
 ` for you , i think you 'd appreciate something far far more special . ' 
 with a waved arm , he indicates that i should step towards one of the doors towards the back of the room . 
 the door silently opens by itself . 
 i hesitate ; a back room of a back room ? 
 ` still do n't entirely trust me , right ? ' 
 he laughs . 
 he does n't look offended . 
 rather , he looks like he understands my hesitation . 
 he claps his hands towards the doorway , saying , ` that 's okay ; we 'll bring it out here . ' 
 inside the darkened room , i can hear a sudden , urgent scuffling . 
 it 's as if someone or something had been lying in wait for me in there . 
 i 'm relieved i refused to enter , though now also just a little nervous about what might be going on in there . 
 a few seconds later , a few of the weird little men and women who i vaguely remember operating on me step out from the room . 
 i almost leap back in shock , having almost forgotten their involvement in everything that 's happened to me recently . 
 they 're all tugging on ropes . 
 behind them , i see something on a wheeled trolley being slowly revealed as it moves from the room 's darkness into the light . 
 it 's another dress , another mannequin . 
 but yes , as freak promised this is incredibly special . 
 it could be a tudor queen walking towards me , especially as the trolley makes no sound , while most of it is hidden by the huge expanse of dress . 
 her movement is gracefully smooth too , the carefully sanded floor offering no obstacles to give her any sudden jolt or judder . 
 the dress alone must be worth a fortune , a mix of red and green silk layering that really should n't work , but here gives the impression that every dress should be like this . 
 as well as being heavily embroidered , pearls and rubies have been sewn into the swirling design , such that it glitters as if illuminated by its own light . 
 more beautiful than ever , however , is the wearer of the dress . 
 her auburn hair alone could set a new fashion , with everyone wanting to copy the way it drapes down across her shoulders in fabulously elongated curls . 
 her complexion is flawless , bar a light smattering of freckles that somehow draw your attention to her ridiculously bright hazel eyes . 
 her mouth would make the reddest tulip turn green with envy , while her neck would draw a similar reaction from even nefertiti . 
 who would n't want to be this girl , or at least share a fraction of her incredible beauty ? 
 it 's hard to believe she 's just a mannequin after all ; she looks so incredibly real , so amazingly alive . 
 it 's the first time i 've been up close to one of these amazing mannequins , and i did n't realise just how incredibly detailed they are . 
 she must have cost a fortune to make . 
 wait ! 
 just how stupid have i been ? 
 how incredibly naive ? 
 ` absolutely beautiful , is n't she ? ' 
 freak interrupts my thoughts . 
 the weird little pixies or elves or whatever they are are all silently and patiently standing to one side . 
 ` is ... is she what i think she is ? ' 
 my mind 's a whirl . 
 my stomach feels suddenly empty . 
 i want to get out of here . 
 ` come come , jill ; you 're fully aware of the material i work with . ' 
 i 'm still hoping i 'm imagining all this . 
 i stand closer to the girl , reach out , touch her face . 
 i jerk my hand back in horror . 
 skin ! 
 real skin . 
 * ` oh god no ! ' 
 i wail miserably , snapping my hand back from the dead girl 's beautiful face . 
 i spin around , expecting freak to be already advancing on me with a knife and cleaver . 
 instead , he 's beaming at me like he 's just given me the world 's most amazing christmas present . 
 ` surely we do n't have to go through all this again , jill ? 
 all this false squeamishness ? 
 think about it ; what you felt through the gloves , anyone can experience through my most special creations ! ' 
 ` you skinned her ? ' 
 ` jill , this poor girl was dead . 
 what would have happened to this incredibly beautiful body of hers ? 
 it would have rotted , become a disgusting mess . 
 but this way , her incredible beauty is preserved for ever ! 
 would we destroy a preciously beautiful vase , simply because its owner has passed on and has no further use for it ? 
 why should n't less fortunate women have a chance to share in her god-given gift of beauty ? ' 
 as he talks , i do n't have time to run out of the room , like i wanted to . 
 his freaks , his pixies or elves or whatever you want to call them , are all suddenly clambering all over me , taking off my clothes swiftly and effortlessly . 
 they 're all over the poor girl too , somehow opening her up at the back , dress and all . 
 and with a swift , flowing movement , they whip her skin off the now bared and regular mannequin lying beneath . 
 oh god ! 
 am i going to end up replacing her on that mannequin ? 
 * chapter 27 ` please , please ! 
 i 'll do anything you want ! 
 anything ! ' 
 sure i 'm begging ! 
 would n't you ? 
 the little freaks are now pulling the girl 's skin towards me . 
 in a swift , practised move , they begin to slip her over my own now naked body . 
 they lift me up off the floor , holding my legs and feet out so that the girl 's legs hidden beneath her dress slide smoothly onto mine . 
 at least freak 's had the decency to look away . 
 the skin had seemed to expand slightly as the freaks had taken it off the mannequin . 
 now , as it touches my own skin in the right areas -- fingers against fingers , toes against toes -- it begins to shrink and tighten once more . 
 i think i 'm going to be sick . 
 but then , strangely , i begin to pick up on the girl 's thoughts ; calming thoughts , reassuring me , telling me not to worry . 
 she 's fine with all of this , she 's telling me , so why should n't i be ? 
 i thought the touch of her skin against mine would be clammy , disgusting . 
 but it is n't ; it 's like silk , smooth and welcoming . 
 and , as more and more of it binds itself to my own skin , it becomes just one more part of me . 
 or , rather , i become part it . 
 and suddenly , i 'm anne morrow , tudor courtesan . 
 * it should n't be possible , i know , but i 'm now the possessor of what must be the world 's most supremely elegant neck . 
 just running my hands up my own , wonderfully long neck is a priceless sensation in its own right . 
 how many times has this neck been kissed , stroked , envied ? 
 i mean , i know ; but i just ca n't count the number of times ! 
 i catch a view of myself in one of the shop 's many mirrors -- and my eyes blaze with satisfaction . 
 god , i 'm beautiful ! 
 even with all these freaks still clambering over my back , stitching me up with all that snake-like twine they 'd used in my operation , i look as elegant as a vogue model , as regally poised as an empress . 
 the freaks and the shop reflected back at me in the mirror fade from my vision . 
 in their place , there 's a richly decorated court room , a throng of expensively attired men and women . 
 and the most god-awful smell ! 
 i 've been in better smelling stables . 
 the stench of drains , mixed with unwashed bodies . 
 of course , everyone 's tried to hide the smell with heavy perfumes , but they 're all so powerful they 're almost as bad as the problem . 
 i try to hold my breath but , naturally , it 's impossible . 
 looking about me , i 'm instantly struck by how the visual splendour is so completely at odds with what my sense of smell is telling me . 
 shut my eyes , and i 'd swear i was in the poorest district in town . 
 open , they find it hard to take in all at once all this vibrancy of colour , this vain display of wealth . 
 dresses , even male costumes , are heavily adorned with silk and velvet trappings , with gold and silver thread , a whole hoard of precious gems . 
 anne is neither impressed nor bothered by either the opulence or the horrendous stench . 
 she neither sees nor smells anything unusual . 
 of course , everyone 's dressed in the tudor style , with puffed up , layered sleeves . 
 for the women , it 's widely splaying dresses , for the men , tights and an almost semi-spherical flouncing of material around the hip and upper thighs . 
 a few wear what could be dark , elongated coats . 
 although we 're crowded into a large room , we 're all standing to either side of a clear , wide space . 
 glancing over everyone 's heads , i can just make out what could be the top of a high throne at one end of the room . 
 there 's someone talking up there , voices with a hint of either anger or fear . 
 moving around a little , i get a clearer view of the throne . 
 a small group of people are cluttered in front of it . 
 these are the people i can hear talking . 
 as they move slightly , i at last get to see who 's sitting on the throne . 
 i 'm disappointed . 
 i was expecting to see henry the eighth . 
 but it 's a young boy . 
 edward . 
 henry 's son edward is now king . 
 ` ... it 's well known , it all has to be done on the morrow . ' 
 it 's only a whisper from somewhere amongst the crowd not far from me . 
 yet i hear it as if it 's directed at me . 
 muted sniggers follow . 
 when i turn around to see who 's responsible , i catch a small group of handsome men looking my way . 
 i glare back at them scornfully . 
 they all sheepishly look away . 
 looking about me now , i realise that any of the men who can see me are fleetingly glancing in my direction whenever they can . 
 i can detect an unmistakable lust in even the briefest of those glances ; a hardness to their stares that i 've become used to . 
 they do n't seem to realise it , but it 's like the entire soul of each and every one of them is on view to me , simply because i 've become so skilled at interpreting every inflection of their eyes , every move of their hands , head or body . 
 the expression on the faces of the women is the complete opposite of what i see written across the faces of the men ; loathing , envy , a sense that they wish i would just be removed immediately from the face of the earth . 
 but no ; it 's not all of the women . 
 some of them , women hanging around in small clusters , are emanating a whole barrage of other emotions in their stares and moves . 
 these women are expectant , impatient . 
 they 're with older men who , similarly , seem unaware of my beauty yet , oddly , are perhaps the ones staring hardest and most unashamedly at me . 
 they 're wanting me to do something . 
 they 're disappointed in me ; so far , i have n't done as much as they expected of me . 
 they want more of me . 
 and then i realise who all these people glaring at me are . 
 they 're my family . 
 my extended family . 
 my uncles , aunts . 
 even my grandparents . 
 they have high hopes in me . 
 they want me to use my beauty to cement their power in court . 
 to open up new contacts for them , forge new alliances . 
 ensure an increase in their wealth , honours and land holdings . 
 to them , i 'm a pawn . 
 but they want me to make my moves and become a queen . 
 * chapter 28 snapping out of my experience of being anne morrow is harder than when i 've just been wearing the gloves . 
 the horrendous smell instantly vanishes , its replacement being the lavender of the shop . 
 there 's more white light here too , less glittering of colour . 
 but a young , handsome tudor man is standing right in front of me . 
 he grins cheekily . 
 ` are you all right ? 
 jill ? 
 you still look a little dazed . ' 
 i recognise the voice . 
 it 's freak . 
 ` i got dressed while you were enjoying being anne , ' he explains with a sort of swift curtsy , noting the confused look i 'm still giving him . 
 ` enjoying ? ' 
 i snap . 
 ` with all those ... dreadful people ! ' 
 ` people ? 
 which people ? ' 
 ` the uncles ! 
 the aunts ! 
 all expecting that poor girl to do whatever she has to , just to see their own wealth and power increasing ! ' 
 ` oh yes ; and to make sure they survive , you mean ? ' 
 freak says casually . 
 ` this is the tudor court , jill ; if your family does n't keep one step ahead of another family , it 's not just power that you lose but your life . ' 
 ` this is sick , freak , i mean really sick ! 
 i mean , the gloves were bad enough , but -- ' i 'm trying to pull off the skin , but it 's like pulling at my own skin . 
 nothing 's moving , apart from the way your skin naturally moves when you tug at it . 
 freak smiles , while giving me an impressed frown . 
 ` you know , it usually takes someone ages to really get used to becoming another person ; you 've pulled it off -- sorry , no pun intended -- first time ! ' 
 ` freak ! 
 i want out of this horrendous skin now ! ' 
 ` skin ? 
 that 's such an awful term , jill ! 
 how can you describe poor anne as a skin ? 
 did n't you just live a part of her life ? 
 is n't she wonderful ? 
 is n't that amazing ? ' 
 ` it was awful , awful freak ! ' 
 i 'm still trying to find some way of shedding anne . 
 and yes , when i think of it in those terms , it does sound terrible . 
 like i 'm thinking of poor anne as being some sort of disease , or pestilence . 
 ` did n't you hear me say that her own family are betraying her ? 
 i felt so bad for her , poor girl ! 
 how can people come here to experience something like that ? ' 
 ` well , they do n't ; the more distasteful aspects of my creations are shielded from their wearers . 
 only the good , most wonderful experiences are made accessible . 
 once again , you 've managed to tap into the full life of a person -- which makes me realise that you 're already ready for the best part of the experience ! ' 
 before i can protest , he reaches out , takes my hand . 
 i can feel his hand just as if neither of us were wearing his ` creations ' . 
 ` no , no , freak ! 
 i 've had enough ! 
 i -- ' the scents around me have changed again . 
 the heavy perfume of lavender is still there , but there 's also a very weak hint of the drains i 'd smelled earlier . 
 the shop is different too . 
 the bright glare of the spotlights has vanished , so that now we 're suffused in the flickering amber glow of lanterns . 
 the floors are no longer sanded smooth , but are made of relatively new boards . 
 the carefully posed mannequins are still here , but they 're all from a different age . 
 they stretch back in time to early medieval , even roman and greek . 
 there 's not one i can see that seems to be wearing anything later than tudor period dress . 
 we 've travelled back in time . 
 we 're in the shop as it would have appeared to anne morrow , if she 'd ever stepped in here . 
 * freak 's here as well . 
 no , i do n't mean the freak i left our time with , dressed as a handsome young man . 
 he 's here with me too , of course . 
 but there 's another freak here . 
 one who looks more like the freak i 'm used to , only wearing tudor dress . 
 i suppose he 's freak as he was when he was running this shop , way back in the sixteenth century . 
 he does n't bat a hair when he sees us suddenly appear in the back of his shop . 
 he comes over to us with a smile on his face that he probably reserves for his most favoured customers . 
 ` good to see you , ' he says with a twinkle of amusement . 
 greeting yourself must be a bit odd , of course . 
 ` and you 're here from ? ' 
 ` the twenty first century , ' the freak i came with answers . 
 the earlier version of freak seems impressed . 
 he looks me over with appreciative eyes . 
 ` and you 've brought someone with you too ! ' 
 ` yes , yes ; someone very special . ' 
 freak gives me an admiring grin before facing his earlier self once more . 
 ` someone special who we almost lost ; so take care of her ! ' 
 he wags an admonishing finger at himself . 
 ` i can see she 's special ; not many can actually make the trip back in time . 
 as i ca n't actually see her , may i ask her name ? ' 
 ` jill paxton . ' 
 freak turns to me , obviously believing i might need or deserve some explanation . 
 ` when we -- me and my earlier self -- meet like this , we 're surprisingly careful what we tell each other . ' 
 ` it can lead to all sorts of complications , ' his other self agrees . 
 ` in trying to change any future event , we often end up creating the very thing we feared might happen . ' 
 ` of course , anyone from your future can only warn you of what has already happened to them ; in which case it 's too late to do anything about it , as it 's already happened . ' 
 ` ironically , your future self has to guess what might go wrong , if he 's going to give you any chance of addressing it . ' 
 ` it all becomes so very complicated . ' 
 ` mind boggling . ' 
 ` ah , but this is how you knew i was special ? ' 
 i ask , looking at them both . 
 they both nod . 
 ` i know now to look out for you jill , ' the earlier one adds . 
 ` may i ? ' 
 his other self asks him , suggesting by a smooth curve of an arm that he wants to take me out to the front of the shop . 
 ` by all means ; but , remember , we 're expecting her majesty princess elizabeth any moment . ' 
 ` how could i forget ? ' 
 * chapter 29 in the front of the shop , there are n't any mannequins , only tailor 's dress dummies . 
 of course , mannequins as we know them did n't exist in the time of the tudors . 
 it looks more like a combination of a dressmakers and a gentleman 's tailors . 
 there are materials on huge rolls stacked on the shelves . 
 partially finished dresses and men 's bodices and jackets adorn the dummies . 
 outside the windows , it 's a chaotic scene of heavily lumbering carts , nervously shying or trotting horses , and men and women in the kind of costumes i 've only ever seen before in movies or museums . 
 ` it 's a time when people are terrified of witchcraft , ' freak whispers , leaning closer towards me . 
 ` fortunately , we have a lot of people in very high places who can protect us . ' 
 i realise he 's whispering because an assistant is helping an over-elaborately dressed woman chose materials for a new dress . 
 the assistant , like miss dorent , is ridiculously beautiful . 
 she gives us a fleetingly confused look , until freak makes some sort of odd , reassuring signal with a twirl of a hand and a twitch of his fingers . 
 the woman does n't look quite so reassured . 
 she 's gives me a sour glare . 
 i 'm not sure if it 's envy of my beauty , or if she recognises me and is appalled that i 'm here . 
 ` do you know what pixilated means ? ' 
 freak asks me strangely as he directs me to start browsing through the materials , as if we 're just a regular couple of customers . 
 ` sure ; it 's when all the pictures on your screen break up into little squares . ' 
 ` originally , it meant being abducted by pixies ; it 's surprising how humans took it into their hearts that fairies and what have you only exist to steal you away to underground kingdoms . ' 
 the door opens and an old couple step into the shop . 
 they look about themselves nervously , quickly taking us in , then glancing over towards the assistant . 
 the assistant seems to recognise them . 
 ` i 'll be with you in a moment , lord and lady crendon , ' she exclaims brightly . 
 the woman she 's with instantly looks even more anxious than the newcomers . 
 she looks unsure whether to quickly bring her browsing to a close , or to risk upsetting her social betters by keeping them waiting . 
 ` if i may be of help ? ' 
 freak says , sprightly stepping towards the lord and lady with a half-hearted bow . 
 the lord and lady look once more towards the assistant . 
 she nods her approval . 
 ` yes , yes , if you could , that would be -- ' ` this way , ' freak confidently interrupts the man 's nervous bluster , showing them towards the door leading to the back rooms . 
 the couple instantly appear relieved that they do n't have to explain why they 're here . 
 the woman stares my way , observing me with the intensity of someone trying to determine if i 'm everything i appear to be ; if i 'm real , or if i 'm someone like her , wearing one of freak 's creations . 
 as she heads off towards the door with her husband and freak , i seriously wonder if she 's making a note to ask why she 's never been offered the opportunity to be this ravishing beauty . 
 as freak returns from showing them into the back room , the assistant escorts her customer to the front door , waving her goodbye and assuring her that everything will be ready for her within two weeks . 
 ` do you always end up here , in the shop , when you come back in time ? ' 
 i whisper to freak . 
 ` it 's the easiest and safest way . ' 
 he 's no longer bothering to whisper now we 've been left alone with the assistant , who 's already busying herself tiding up the materials she 'd laid out for the woman to observe . 
 ` if you can tap into a highly emotional point in their lives , you can turn up somewhere close by them at that exact moment ; but you 're running the risk of them seeing you . 
 which is going to cause no end of complications . ' 
 he smiles , like he 's imagining the shock of someone suddenly being confronted by their identical twin . 
 ` talking of complications , lord and lady crendon , who you just saw going in there ? 
 -- well , they keep it a secret from each other of course , but they frequently come in separately . 
 lady crendon so that she can be a lady of the night for a weekend . 
 lord crendon so that he can be transformed into a young rake . 
 and they 've become lovers , without realising who they 're really with ! ' 
 it looks like freak is on the point of bursting into raucous laughter , but manages to stifle it just in time , as lord and lady crendon exit from the back room . 
 at least , i presume it 's lord and lady crendon , as they 're the only couple i saw heading in there . 
 but the couple who 've come out look nothing like them anymore of course ; rather , they 're now a gorgeous young couple , only just out of their teens . 
 the other freak is with them , smiling happily , the contented shopkeeper showing his most favoured customers out of his shop after they 've made another expensive purchase . 
 ` actually , they 're not at all what they seem , ' freak whispers to me mysteriously , making an odd twirling of his hands . 
 ` they 've -- how shall i put it ? 
 -- added to the frisson of excitement by changing roles . ' 
 ` ah , ' i reply , briefly wondering how that works out for them before deciding i really really do n't want to think about it anymore . 
 ` and the condition they bring them back in ! ' 
 he shakes his head in disgust . 
 ` you would n't believe the extent of the repairs we have to make ! ' 
 as lord and lady crendon leave , a handsome young boy slips in through the open door behind them . 
 as soon as he 's inside the shop , shutting the door behind him , both freaks and the assistant bow down so low before him that they 're all basically kneeling on the floor . 
 their heads hang down , as if they dare n't look at him . 
 ` bow ! ' 
 freak hisses at me , grabbing at me to pull me down alongside him . 
 there 's a part of anne morrow that does n't want to bow . 
 no matter how important this prince or whoever he is happens to be , anne seems to think she 's in a powerful enough position to snub him . 
 then again , like me , she might just be wondering who he is . 
 playing it safe , i bow as low as i saw the assistant bow . 
 ` your majesty ! ' 
 they all intone . 
 through a corner of my lowered eyes , i can see the prince observing me closely , as if he 'd noticed my reticence to show subservience . 
 he steps forward , cups my chin in his hand . 
 he makes me raise my face to look up at him . 
 ` morrow , is n't it ? 
 anne morrow ; i 've seen you at my brother 's court . ' 
 my brother 's court ? 
 he 's edward 's brother ? 
 now history is n't one of my very few strong points , but even i 'm sure edward did n't have any brother . 
 is n't that why edward 's sister became queen ? 
 ` you need to watch yourself , girl ! ' 
 the prince continues . 
 ` i know of many courtly beauties who get above themselves and come to a bad end ; and their beauty is never enough to save them from that ! 
 see that you 're not one of them ! ' 
 ` yes , yes , of course your majesty . 
 thank you , your majesty ! ' 
 the prince nods and smiles , like he 's satisfied that he 's said enough to either help me or warn me off for my brief rebellion . 
 he 's still holding my chin . 
 we 're all still kneeling on the floor . 
 everyone else still have their heads bowed . 
 the prince twists my head back and forth slowly . 
 ` then again , you would make an exquisite costume my dear . ' 
 he turns towards the earlier version of freak . 
 ` mr king , if she ever becomes available , please be sure to inform me immediately ! ' 
 he stares appreciatively at me again . 
 ` it would be such a loss to the world to lose such beauty ! 
 and a particular loss to me as well , of course ! ' 
 he smiles , like this is a wonderfully pleasant joke and i should be grinning along with him . 
 ` up , up ; you can all get up now ! ' 
 he commands , impatiently waving his hands . 
 ` mr king , i need a touch of truly regal glamour for my appointment tonight ! 
 i trust that , as i ordered , you 've kept helen purely for my use ? ' 
 ` of course , your majesty . 
 she 's as untouched and unblemished as she was for your last assignment . ' 
 the prince confidently strides towards the door , with mr king uncharacteristically quickly following on behind . 
 ` i note that your own costume is suffering a little from wear and tear , your majesty ! ' 
 he breathes . 
 ` should we go ahead with the usual reconditioning while you leave it with is ? ' 
 i do n't hear the prince 's reply as the door closes to behind them . 
 i turn towards freak . 
 ` not another change of roles ? ' 
 ` no , no ; did n't you hear ? 
 she 's not really the boy you 've just seen . 
 that 's a costume she purchased just to help her get around without being noticed . 
 she 's princess elizabeth , the future queen ; as , of course , our mr king is fully aware ! ' 
 ` i thought you said your future selves did n't bother telling your earlier selves everything ? ' 
 ` it would be foolish not to keep ourselves informed of the future importance of some people ! 
 did n't i also say we needed protection ? ' 
 ` and this helen she wants to be is ... ? ' 
 ` helen of troy , of course ! ' 
 ` no ! 
 that 's impossible ! 
 what sort of condition must she be in ? ' 
 ` immaculate , of course ! 
 despite being one of elizabeth 's favourites . 
 and later , as elizabeth ages , she 'll make even more use of poor helen and the other beautiful women i can help her transform into . 
 at her height , she 'll own a whole walk-in wardrobe of my creations ! 
 simply to keep her younger lovers satisfied ! ' 
 yet again , the door to the back room swings open . 
 the woman who exits in front of a subserviently cringing mr king is a vision of beauty , though not what i was expecting . 
 she 's in a cumbersome tudor dress , rather than the simpler white one i 've always imagined helen wearing . 
 ` ... and remember that paris should be kept aside ; i 've someone in mind who i wish to make use of it . ' 
 ` as you wish , your majesty ! ' 
 this time , mr king does n't just see his customer to the door but helps her board a waiting carriage . 
 freak watches himself , wryly smiling at his own cloying , deferential actions . 
 ` i 'm afraid our young princess does n't quite pull off the transformation as well as she could . 
 she still thinks too much of herself , of her own importance , to fully immerse herself in her new character . ' 
 he turns to me , now smiling proudly . 
 he takes my hands in his . 
 ` unlike you , anne morrow ! 
 you , jill , you could be helen better than anyone i know ! ' 
 ` me ? ' 
 i laugh , even though i 'm flattered . 
 ` why me ? ' 
 now he 's the one who laughs . 
 ` because you do n't realise it , do you ? 
 -- but you look so much like her ! ' 
 ah , so it is just flattery . 
 ` i 've just seen her , remember ? 
 i do n't look like that ! ' 
 ` and have you already forgotten that i said elizabeth still let 's too much of herself come through ? 
 with you , that would n't matter so much anyway ; because if you 'd had the wealth and privileges offered helen , you 'd be surprised how much you 'd naturally look like her ! ' 
 i do n't believe a word of it , of course -- but i 'd like to ! 
 i 'm enjoying being compared to helen of troy , even if i know freak 's probably got some hidden motive behind all his flattery . 
 i know ; i 'll challenge him by putting him on the spot . 
 ` okay , so when we get back , show me helen ; and let 's see how i look as her ! ' 
 he shakes his head sadly . 
 ` she no longer exists in our time ; she was stolen ! ' 
 ` stolen ? 
 who 'd do such a thing ? ' 
 strange , is n't it , how i 'm no longer fazed by the way freak has turned all these unfortunate girls into haute couture for his clients , yet i 'm shocked that someone might steal one ? 
 ` well , i 've been reliably informed how it was done , ' freak says , ` but i can only take an informed guess at who i think did it . ' 
 ` i think it 's awful that , even though you know it 's going to happen , you ca n't prevent it . ' 
 i shiver uncomfortably . 
 ` it 's awful knowing we ca n't change anything , that everything 's all sort of written down for us somewhere , saying what 's going to happen to us ! ' 
 he grins . 
 ` now , i did n't say that at all . 
 you can determine whatever you want to do , as can anyone else . 
 it 's just that in my case , i can know about things that have already happened to my future self . 
 and somewhere , too , there 's a future lying ahead of my future self that even he does n't know anything about . ' 
 ` it 's all a bit complica -- ' ` anne , anne morrow ! ' 
 whirling around , i see that mr king has rushed back into his shop . 
 ` the real anne morrow ! ' 
 he adds frantically shooing us back towards the rear room . 
 freak takes my hand . 
 ` ready to go back ? ' 
 he asks . 
 ` ready , ' i answer . 
 ` but anne ; she shops here too ? ' 
 ` naturally , ' freak says as we begin to travel back to our own time . 
 ` what sort of accomplished lover would she be if she 'd never worn a pair of our gloves ? ' 
 * chapter 30 you can certainly tell that cath now frequently wears a pair of freak 's gloves . 
 ` scatty ' has gone forever . 
 so , for the most part , apart from when she 's taking calls or text from jase , has her phone . 
 whenever i catch them hanging out together in the school yard , or making eyes at each other throughout class , i ca n't help but feel a twinge of jealously , of regret . 
 even worse , though , is when i come across them walking hand in hand down a street , making each other laugh , stopping now and again for a cuddle , a kiss . 
 damn ! 
 i did n't know it was going to hurt this much ! 
 and cath , of course , is the lucky one . 
 unlike the way it happened to me , there is n't going to be a gorgeous fiona who suddenly turns up to steal jase away from her and break her heart . 
 of course , i should be glad for her . 
 and , in most ways , i am . 
 i 'm the one helping her , are n't i , with the gloves and everything ? 
 the way i 'm standing aside to give her a clear run at jase ? 
 who knows , though -- if i let jase know i was interested again , would he ... ? 
 he might , do n't you think ? ' 
 well , you never know , do you ? 
 we did have something good going between us . 
 i 'm sure that , sometimes , when he catches me looking at them together , there 's a hint of regret in his expression . 
 like he wishes we could go back to how it used to be . 
 if it was anyone else but cath ... but i ca n't put cath through what i went through . 
 can i ? 
 * strangely , there 's no sign of jackie anymore . 
 we 've been told at school that she wo n't be in for a while . 
 that she 's had to take a great deal of time off , as she 's very ill . 
 every time i pass her house , it looks like there 's no one home . 
 perhaps the whole family has gone off somewhere . 
 ` what 's happened to jackie , ' i ask freak when i call in his shop one day . 
 ` i 've no idea , ' he replies , like it 's an odd question to ask him . 
 he 's busy delicately and fussily readjusting the frills , the laces , on his ` costumes ' . 
 ` she seems to have just disappeared ; along with her parents . 
 is that possible ? ' 
 i ask this because , as far as freak 's concerned , i believe it 's highly possible . 
 ` i would n't think so ; would you ? ' 
 he says casually . 
 ` you 've forgiven her , right ? ' 
 ` what 's to forgive ? ' 
 i 'm getting nowhere fast here , am i ? 
 perhaps i should just leave it for now . 
 ` you know , ' i say , ` i was thinking ; about jase and cath . ' 
 ` it 's going well , is n't it ? ' 
 at last he looks my way , like i 've finally touched on something that interests him . 
 ` yes , yes , ' i say a touch more miserably than i 'd intended , ` but , i was thinking , you know ; what would happen to cath if , well , if jase went off with someone new ? ' 
 ` oh , do n't worry about that ! ' 
 he returns to the fussy preening of his creations , as if my worries are of little concern . 
 ` she 's worn the gloves ; no one , but no one , could steal him away from her ! ' 
 ` fiona stole him away from me ! ' 
 i snap bitterly . 
 far from being intimidated by my anger , freak remains undistracted from his task . 
 ` oh , but jill ! 
 fiona 's on an entirely different level ! 
 and , believe me , fiona wo n't be turning up this time ! 
 i assure you ! ' 
 ` how can you be so sure ? 
 like jackie , she just seems to have disappeared . ' 
 he looks my way again at last . 
 he touches his nose . 
 ` i know she wo n't be turning up , unless you want her to ! ' 
 ` me ? ' 
 i giggle nervously . 
 what is he on about ? 
 ` how 's fiona turning up or not got anything to do with me ? ' 
 ` tell me , ' he says , finally giving me his full attention , ` did n't you ever wonder how wonderful it must be to be a goddess like fiona ? ' 
 ` when she was stealing jase from me , i would have given anything to look like her , ' i admit sourly . 
 ` you could be fiona , you know ? ' 
 oh oh ; here comes all that wild flattery again , like he swamped me in when he was telling me i could be helen . 
 what 's he after ? 
 what 's he wanting me to do now ? 
 ` no matter how i dress , no matter what i do with my hair , i could never be fiona ! ' 
 i realise i 've been gradually following him down towards the end of the back room as i 've watched him tidying up his costumes . 
 he steps towards one of the doors that leads off to further rooms , inviting me to follow . 
 inside , it 's dark . 
 he switches on the spotlights . 
 in the sharp brightness of the lights , i ca n't mistake her . 
 it 's fiona . 
 * chapter 31 ` you 've killed her ? ' 
 i 'm stepping back , back into the light of the larger room . 
 ` you 've killed fiona ? ' 
 ` of course i have n't killed fiona ! ' 
 he declares , obviously affronted . 
 ` she died almost a hundred and fifty years ago ! ' 
 ` but ... but i saw her ! ' 
 i insist . 
 ` she took jase from me ! ' 
 ` just like you saw helen of troy step from my back room ! 
 just like you helped anne morrow finally gather enough sense to bow to her future queen ! ' 
 ` but if she 's here ; then you sent her to take jase off me ? ' 
 ` no , not me ! 
 i did n't know she 'd been borrowed to do that ! 
 why do you think i 've been so angry with jackie ? ' 
 ` jackie ? 
 jackie dressed as her ? 
 dressed as fiona ? 
 to take him off me ? ' 
 ` she was in love with him too ! 
 how was i supposed to know that ? 
 this was the only way she could win him off you ! ' 
 despite being perfectly still , fiona seems to blaze with life . 
 it 's the incredible lustre of her hair , the brightly glittering confidence of her eyes . 
 -lrb- how do they do that ? 
 how do they keep the eyes sparkling ? 
 how do they blend into your own face ? -rrb- 
 no one would guess she was almost a hundred and fifty years old . 
 ` wait ; you say she died a hundred and fifty years ago ? 
 but she 's not wearing victorian dress . 
 this is wholly modern ; the sort of stuff i wish i could afford . ' 
 ` of course ; because most of my clients are n't really interested in experiencing past , historical lives . 
 they want to be young and beautiful now , in the present . 
 just as princess elizabeth and lord and lady crendon wanted to be able to go out and about in their own town , their own time , possessing a beauty that could never be theirs in reality . ' 
 while he 's talked , a number of his freaks have quietly entered the room and set about swiftly removing the unfortunate fiona from her supporting mannequin . 
 they hold her out towards me , inviting me to try her on . 
 it 's gross , totally totally gross ! 
 but fiona ; she 's just so alluringly beautiful ! 
 * just walking down the street is a revelation . 
 fiona gets the type of furious , envious glares from women you think only exist in the imaginations of movie directors . 
 but no ; when you look like this , you get them everywhere you go ! 
 as for the men , the boys -- they 're all just so incredibly pathetic . 
 they stop what they 're doing to stare . 
 some are quite open about it , mainly because they seem to be caught in some kind of daze . 
 well , bewitchment is probably a more apt term . 
 other boys -- i ca n't be bothered thinking of them as men anymore -- they try and act like they 're not watching me , glancing up out of the corner of an eye . 
 but i can feel their gaze on me , sense their longing . 
 fiona 's used to this . 
 she knows all the tricks . 
 she knows that any man who 'd like to think he 's not enamoured by her beauty is lying to himself , pure and simple . 
 and no , she 's not being immodest . 
 that 's just the truth of the matter . 
 but ... there is a lie floating around in all this . 
 fiona ; fiona itself is a lie . 
 she 's not called fiona . 
 she 's mary . 
 mary coulson . 
 now , why would freak call her fiona ? 
 ah , of course ; because mary 's history is n't important to freak 's clients . 
 it 's been deliberately closed off to them . 
 chances are , no one but me has ever worked out her real name . 
 so , i wonder ; can i tap deeper into mary 's history ? 
 * chapter 32 it 's a huge dance , a ball . 
 the most resplendent dresses , every colour imaginable , with layer upon layer of lace and silk , spreading out wide from delicately thin waists . 
 most of the men are wearing colourful uniforms , mainly red . 
 but there are blues , greens and yellows too . 
 despite the expense and immaculate tailoring of the dark evening dress worn by some of the men , they seem dull by comparison . 
 the room is lit by the most amazing chandeliers , glittering like a shower of diamonds high above us . 
 huge mirrors , with elaborate gold leaf frames , reflect the light , enhancing it , multiplying it . 
 a small orchestra is supplying the music . 
 elegantly dressed footmen are expertly handing around tall flutes of champagne from silver trays . 
 despite the spectacle , most of the people there , even the women , only have eyes for mary . 
 i can see in their hard glares that the women resent her . 
 they 're envious of her beauty , of the way she so effortlessly attracts the attention they themselves desire . 
 with the men , it 's a mix of hard and soft , dazed stares . 
 those who flatter themselves they have a hope of conquest . 
 those who recognise their own complete submission to her charms . 
 mary ignores them all . 
 she ca n't deal with all this hate , all this unasked-for love for her . 
 only one person in this whole room matters to her . 
 he 's with his parents , the owners of this grand house , and organisers of this ball . 
 they want him to meet another girl . 
 someone of an equivalent station in life . 
 there are so so many girls who would be overjoyed to have him as a husband . 
 he 's hardly danced with any of them . 
 he 's shown little if no enthusiasm when he has . 
 yet he 's danced with mary countless times , scandalising everyone they know . 
 particularly as he 's left no one in any doubt that he 's overjoyed to be with her . 
 they 're arguing again about her . 
 his mother is close to tears . 
 his father is red with rage behind his vast expanse of white whiskers . 
 the sense of hate hangs across the room , as tangible to mary as the cloud of cigar and pipe smoke . 
 it 's not just his parents that loathe her , that wishes she would just disappear from their lives . 
 the older couples simply fume silently , wondering what the world is coming to , unable to comprehend the fall in standards that has held them all in such good stead . 
 the women , they know how she 's achieved it , they whisper amongst themselves . 
 any of us could do it , of course , if we were only prepared to lose ourselves and commit the unthinkable . 
 for the men , it 's that confusing mix of emotions again , this time the mix of love and hate ; she thinks she 's too good for me , does she ? 
 mary does n't have one single friend in the room . 
 and yet she 's happy . 
 because she has him . 
 * i 'm abruptly brought back to reality by a ferocious scream . 
 ` fiona ? 
 no , it 's you ! 
 it 's you , is n't it ? ' 
 jackie is a whirlwind of massed hair and scratching talons as she throws herself at me . 
 ` i know it 's you , i know it 's you ! ' 
 she shrieks . 
 i 'm backing off and defending myself as best as i can , worried i 'm going to be returning freak 's masterpiece with shredded skin and torn stitches . 
 ` jackie , jackie ! 
 stop , stop ! ' 
 there 's not much point in making out she 's crazy , that i 've never met her . 
 jackie knows all about fiona . 
 the best i can hope for is that i can persuade her that it 's not actually me in here . 
 but i ca n't see her believing a word i say . 
 ` yes , it 's me ! ' 
 i shout back , fending off a few more attempted scratches at my eyes . 
 ` and why do you know that , jackie ? 
 because you used fiona to steal jase off me ! ' 
 admitting that it 's me seems to surprise her a little , as if she were expecting more of a fight . 
 she pulls back a little like an exhausted wrestler , using the opportunity to gulp down lungfuls of air . 
 ` look at me jill ! 
 you 've seen what 's been happening to me ! 
 why should n't i take the chance to be beautiful again ? ' 
 she does n't have to order me to look at her . 
 i ca n't help staring . 
 her hair 's a mass of clumps tied together , like it 's all going to start falling out unless it 's held in place with lace , string and clips . 
 her face is warped , heavily lined , with deeply set eyes . 
 she 's wearing a heavy duffle coat with a large hood that , when she pulls it up , leaves her face in heavy shadow , making her look all the more like she 's some hideously deformed creature from greek mythology . 
 i 'm not angry with her anymore . 
 ` i do n't understand , ' i say quietly . 
 ` i thought you were my friend . ' 
 ` you saw the photos of how i used to look , at my house . 
 i used to be pretty , did n't i ? 
 had friends , boyfriends too , just like you ! 
 i just wanted to feel beautiful again ! 
 and jase ; well , he was just a boy was n't he ? 
 he could n't resist fiona . 
 and yes , i could n't resist either , once i 'd remembered how nice it was to be wanted once again ! ' 
 ` there were other boys . 
 why not them ? 
 as fiona , you could have had anybody ! 
 it did n't have to be jase ! 
 you saw how good we were together ! ' 
 ` good together ? ' 
 she chuckles , but her face simply grimaces . 
 ` oh come on , jill ! 
 i saw you with him , remember ? 
 always bickering , finding things to argue about ! 
 you were n't really happy with him ! 
 and you were n't making him happy ! ' 
 that 's not true -- or at least , that 's what i 'm just about to furiously declare when i start thinking -- is it ? 
 i ca n't think of anything like that happening between me and jase ; but am i just remembering the good times , forgetting the bad ? 
 i mean , we might have had a few trivial arguments -- who does n't , right , no matter how much they 're in love ? 
 ` but why do you still look like this ? ' 
 i quickly say , changing the subject a little . 
 ` i do n't understand ; i 'm helping freak , i 'm doing what he wants me to do ! ' 
 i 'm desperate for an explanation not just because i 'm worried for jackie , but because i also want to make sure anything like this does n't start happening to me . 
 freak can be pleased with you one moment , highly displeased the next . 
 and i 'm not always sure why . 
 ` because you 're not doing everything that he wants , idiot ! ' 
 jackie fumes . 
 ` you 've only just started ! ' 
 wow , jackie really knows how to go out of her way to turn you against her , even when you 're feeling sorry for the way she looks . 
 you know what ? 
 i 'm tempted to tell her i could save myself a lot of bother and let her just stay like this . 
 ` hah ! ' 
 she says , with a cackling guffaw . 
 ` even though you 're fiona , jill , i can tell what you 're thinking ; that peeved little expression of yours , where you 're mouth pouts , and you frown as if you 've just caught the whiff of a bad smell . ' 
 ` okay , so you tell me , ' i snap . 
 ` what am i thinking , eh ? ' 
 ` you 're still kidding yourself that you can avoid this , are n't you little miss pretty ? ' 
 she waves her hand in front of her face , like she 's a magician who 's going to instantly restore her beauty . 
 ` and you can ; but only if you do exactly what freak wants ! ' 
 * chapter 33 when i slip back into the shop , a grinning freak is waiting for me . 
 ` so , how 'd it go ? 
 being fiona 's an experience no woman should miss , right ? ' 
 ` yes , yes , it 's certainly way beyond anything i 'd imagined , ' i admit , wondering how much i should tell him about the way i 'd managed to tap into the real mary lying beneath fiona 's beautiful façade . 
 the freaks are already rushing everywhere about me , helping me shed my garment . 
 they could give a formula one team lessons in how to coordinate their actions so that everything happens quickly , smoothly and without fuss . 
 once again , freak has the decency to turn away for the brief moment that i 'm naked . 
 ` and you did n't see jase ? ' 
 he asks , like he already knows the answer . 
 ` no , he was n't around ; and i did n't go looking for him . ' 
 i feel a slight twinge , a tightening of skin , on the right side of my face . 
 glancing in a mirror , i 'm horrified to see that it 's once again taken on all the aspects of a botched plastic surgery operation . 
 ` but ... i was just getting used to being her , ' i say hurriedly , realising that i 've somehow earned freak 's displeasure , that it 's somehow connected with jase . 
 ` i 'd ... i 'd be interested in seeing how he reacts to seeing her again . ' 
 suddenly , my face is fine once again , such that i 'm even beginning to doubt that it was really partially deformed . 
 had i just caught myself reflected in an aged and slightly warped mirror ? 
 ` you 're too kind , you realise that ? ' 
 he smiles . 
 ` how many girls would n't relish the chance of getting their own back on a boy who 's hurt them badly ? ' 
 ` there 's cath to consider , ' i point out . 
 ` she 's a friend , and she might end up getting hurt . ' 
 i look back towards the mirror , dreading the return of the deformity to my face . 
 fortunately , nothing happens . 
 i look fine , and i once again wonder if i had n't been imagining it all along . 
 freak chuckles , like toying with people 's emotions is a game , a huge joke . 
 ` oh come come , jill ! 
 are you telling me that your friend cath is such a delicate thing she ca n't face off a little bit of competition ? ' 
 ` competition ? 
 fiona 's an all-out assault of ravishing beauty ; i could n't compete against her , remember ? ' 
 ` so you 're saying that just because it happened to you , it would also happen to cath ? 
 i 'm sure she would n't exactly be overjoyed by your lack of confidence in her looks and abilities ! ' 
 ` still , fiona 's a force to be reckoned with , we both know that . ' 
 ` you were just unlucky . 
 jackie -- dressed as fiona , of course -- probably just happened to catch your boyfriend at a point when your relationship was at a particularly weak point . 
 it happens . 
 you might have had a slight argument you 've forgotten about now , but at the time it just gave jase enough of a push to kid himself he was just trying to teach you a lesson . 
 or perhaps he was a little miffed that you were n't showing him enough attention , with the same results . ' 
 once again , i find myself thinking back , going over the silly little tiffs i 'd had with jase . 
 perhaps , come to think of it , there were the odd , brief fall outs . 
 times when neither of us would give way , and obviously over something ridiculously petty , as i 've now forgotten what any of the disagreements were all about . 
 ` i bet you he 's learnt his lesson , ' freak continues . 
 ` so cath 's relationship is perfectly safe ; you just do n't want to admit that you played it all a bit wrong with him . 
 just think ; if he gets sight of a disinterested fiona once again -- who makes it plain she 's not the slightest bit interested , of course -- he 'll know for sure that she 's never coming back to him , rather than living in hope that they 'll get back together . 
 if he 's still longing after her , what sort of harm do you think that 's doing to cath 's relationship with him , right ? ' 
 ` i 'd be doing her a favour , you 're saying ? ' 
 ` well , you 're the one saying that ; but yes , i 've got to admit it sounds reasonable enough . ' 
 he grins amiably . 
 ` so , if you enjoyed being fiona ; are you going to want a try being her again ? ' 
 i nod . 
 ` yes , definitely ! ' 
 he beams , his whole face sparkling with pleasure . 
 he obviously thinks he 's persuaded me to do what he wants . 
 me , i 'm not quite so sure about using fiona in the way he wants , whether it 's for cath 's benefit , or me getting my own back on jase . 
 but i definitely want to find out more about mary . 
 * chapter 34 when i turn up at freak 's shop early next day -- it 's a saturday -- he rewards me with the highly-pleased , beaming grin he 'd given me when i said i 'd enjoyed and was looking forward to being fiona once again . 
 ` love the hair , ' he says , reaching out to touch my hair like he 's the campest hairdresser in town . 
 i 'm puzzled , as i did n't bother doing much with my hair this morning , just letting it hang loose over my shoulders . 
 hey , if i 'm going to be the glamour-puss fiona , what 's the point , right ? 
 as he caresses my locks , freak expertly uses the flowing movement of his hand to turn my head slightly , ensuring i catch a glimpse of myself in a nearby mirror . 
 at first , i 'm not even sure it 's me ; all that glowing hair , reflecting the light as if i 'm the star of a shampoo commercial . 
 thick , lustrous , curling in waves in all the right places -- all the things a shampoo ad assures you could be yours , while somehow never quite living up to its promise . 
 now , though , i 've got it all . 
 i ca n't hide my look of surprise , or my delight . 
 freak look 's every bit as pleased as i do . 
 ` amazing , is n't it , how a little bit of extra confidence can make us shine like a brand new person ? ' 
 ` it 's incredible ! ' 
 i admit . 
 ` i 've never , ever been able to do anything like this with my hair before ! ' 
 i wonder -- should i just try ... ` you know , ' i say , exaggeratedly admiring my tumbling tresses in the mirror , ` perhaps i do n't need to be fiona today after all ! ' 
 alongside my reflected image , i see freak frown -- and the lustre in my hair instantly dims . 
 i smile knowingly , and both he and my hair abruptly brighten once more . 
 ` hah ! 
 a joke , yes ? ' 
 he chuckles . 
 ` good to see you 're in such a good mood this morning ! ' 
 so , if i really needed any confirmation , earning his good intentions towards me really is dependent upon me being fiona . 
 what else is he wanting , though ? 
 it 's seems like it 's connected to jase , obviously . 
 he wants me to make him jealous ? 
 but why ? 
 why would he take any pleasure in that ? 
 it does n't make any sense -- does it ? 
 * walking out as fiona , it 's a similar experience to yesterday -- all leering , love-struck gawping , or envious , hate-filled glares . 
 i head to a secluded corner of the park , where i know hardly anyone ever goes . 
 i sit down on the grass -- and i wonder what it was like to be mary . 
 it 's a time earlier than the ball ; quite a time earlier . 
 i 'm in the same house , though i only know that because i 'm mary -- there 's absolutely no similarity to the grand ballroom and the small , damp rooms i 'm presently making my way through . 
 the walls are painted , a faded blue at best or , more often , a dingy light brown . 
 rather than grand halls and staircases , these are low , incredibly narrow corridors , or steps tightly winding up through spaces as tightly confined as a large chimney . 
 it 's all backstairs , or downstairs ; mary 's a maid . 
 far from the rich , velvet and lace ball gown she was wearing in my earlier vision of her , she 's now dressed in simple , black and white garb , her hair tied up under a demure cap . 
 she 's trying to hide her beauty . 
 an odd thing , you 'd think , but she 's clever , she 's fully aware what happens to attractive maids who catch the eye of any man from upstairs . 
 an unwanted pregnancy , swiftly followed by an irate dismissal , as if they 're the only ones who 've done anything wrong . 
 unfortunately , it 's a beauty that ca n't be hidden . 
 that sharply elegant nose . 
 those sparkling eyes , with irises like exploding suns . 
 the smoothly curved chin , suspended above a gloriously white neck . 
 fortunately , it 's a beauty that does n't just engender lust , but also love . 
 a beauty that stimulates the kind of desire that must always and forever be fulfilled , for life would seem shallow without it . 
 it 's a beauty that must always be close to hand to be admired and treasured , its absence intolerable and ultimately disheartening . 
 joshua , the eldest son , falls in love . 
 every time he sees her , whether she 's serving at meal times , moving through the corridors with fresh linen , or cleaning a room , he feels the most incredible surges of pleasure rushing through him . 
 the way she moves so smoothly , so quietly , almost delicately . 
 the way her face catches the light , such that the light seems to be coming from her , as if she 's partly angelic . 
 the way she laughs , tinkling and happy , despite her lowly station . 
 she 's like no woman he 's ever seen before . 
 no one can compare to her . 
 he wants to be near her , at every opportunity he can manage . 
 he conjures up excuses to be in a room she 'll be attending to , even , at times , heading downstairs beneath the grand home ; bringing up some trivial matter , or making the kind of request or order the butler would normally pass on . 
 it 's obvious to everyone what 's going on . 
 he thinks he 's hiding it ; but any fool can see how his eyes constantly follow mary . 
 ` you be careful my girl ; you 're playing with fire ! ' 
 the cook warns mary , believing without a shadow of a doubt that she 's the one at fault . 
 ` i hope you realise that your behaviour is unacceptable to everyone in this entire household ? ' 
 the butler similarly warns her . 
 the other maids begin to avoid her . 
 they 're jealous of her power over the handsome joshua . 
 unlike his brothers , unlike the master , he no longer flatters and flirts with them anymore . 
 he 's in love with a maid ; and that could be dangerous for all of them . 
 as soon as his lordship and her ladyship begin to realise what 's happening , they 'll take their fury out on anyone close to hand . 
 mary does n't know what to do . 
 she ca n't help it ; she ca n't help that joshua has fallen in love with her . 
 she thinks about leaving . 
 but there 's nowhere else to go . 
 no matter where she applied for a job , they would want to know why she no longer wished to work in such a grand house . 
 one day , in her incredibly small bedroom , she finds an expensively wrapped gift waiting for her beneath her pillow . 
 she 's anxious , yet also curious . 
 she unwraps the present carefully , making sure she does n't tear the paper , intending to rewrap and return it as soon as possible . 
 inside , there 's a gorgeously constructed box . 
 its marble and enamel inlays make it a work of art in its own right . 
 inside the box , she finds the most amazingly beautiful gloves she 's ever seen ; pristinely white , and of the smoothest , softest leather . 
 they 're even more beautiful than the innumerable pairs of gloves she 's seen carelessly draped over the dressers in the bedrooms of her ladyship and her daughters , or their visiting guests . 
 she ca n't resist trying them on . 
 later that night , she boldly makes her way up the grand staircases . 
 she heads towards the floor containing the main bedrooms . 
 quietly , she steals into joshua 's room . 
 joshua wakes as he hears the door click back into place . 
 in the dim light coming in through the window , he sees that it 's mary . 
 mary smiles . 
 ` i came to thank you ; for your gift . ' 
 * chapter 35 ` fiona ! ' 
 the shout brings me back into the real world . 
 not again ! 
 i do n't want jackie having a go at me again ! 
 i whirl around , this time prepared to let her know i 've had it with her following me around . 
 had it with her telling me what i should and should n't be doing . 
 but it is n't jackie ; it 's jase . 
 he 's sprinting across the grass towards me . 
 ` where 've you been ? ' 
 he cries out . 
 ` i 'd thought you 'd left ! ' 
 i quickly look about me , wondering if i can get away ; but no , i ca n't . 
 i 've chosen a spot where no one passes , have n't i ? 
 and no one passes here because the bushes and trees almost completely encircle you , leaving just one entrance and exit . 
 ` i asked about you at your school ! ' 
 jase exclaims breathlessly as he draws up in front of me , obviously unperturbed by the fact i 've hardly looked his way yet , let alone spoken . 
 ` but everyone i 'd asked had n't heard of you ! ' 
 he chuckles , like he thinks he was just unlucky that he 'd chosen to ask people who did n't know me . 
 ` yeah , it 's a pretty big school , ' i say at last , realising i 'm going to have to talk my way out of this . 
 at least , i hope it 's a big school ; i 've no idea which school fiona was supposed to be attending . 
 ` not everyone knows everyone in a place that size , ' i add . 
 yeah , sure ; trust me , no matter its size , everyone would know someone like fiona . 
 still , he buys it ; it 's a good excuse for him to accept that he was n't making a complete idiot of himself asking after a girl who 's dumped him . 
 he reaches out for me , like he 's kidding himself it 's all just been a dreadful mistake -- i 'd gone away on a long holiday , forgetting to tell him , or i 'd ended up in a hospital for a while , something like that -- and now i 'm back . 
 i deftly step back , his arms closing in on the empty space where i 'd been standing only a split second before . 
 ` but you 're with cath now , jase , ' i say , offering him an explanation for my behaviour . 
 then i realise -- knowing cath by name , it makes me sound like i 've been keeping an envious eye on him , checking out what he 's up to . 
 ` cath gregson , or somebody , is n't it ? ' 
 i quickly add , deliberately getting her name wrong . 
 ` goodslin , ' he corrects me , saying it with all the brightness of someone who thinks they 're helping you out by pointing out your mistake . 
 ` but so what , fi ? 
 that did n't stop you when i was going out with jill ! ' 
 can you believe this guy ? 
 and i used to think he was oh so wonderful ! 
 i used to trust him ! 
 cath still trusts him ! 
 he 's lower than a snake ! 
 ` but this is different . ' 
 i manage to blurt it out without furiously lashing out at him , which is what i really want to do . 
 ` different ? 
 what 's different ? ' 
 he asks , looking a little bewildered by my indifference towards him . 
 ` it 's different ; that 's all ! ' 
 i repeat , unable to explain any further . 
 it 's more different , of course , than he could ever possibly realise . 
 ` they 're nobodies to me , you know that ! ' 
 he insists with a heartless guffaw . 
 ` just a few silly girls i 'm playing around with ; you 're the one i really want , fi ! ' 
 once again , he reaches out for me . 
 once again i neatly step back . 
 i can see it in his eyes ; he ca n't help it . 
 bewitched . 
 charmed . 
 enchanted . 
 use whatever word you want , but he 's as besotted as if he 's under the influence of history 's most powerful love potion . 
 it 's the same helpless desire i saw in joshua 's eyes . 
 it 's consuming him . 
 he ca n't resist fiona , no matter what she says to him . 
 she could insult him , belittle him , but he 'd simply tell himself that she still loved him . 
 he ca n't face life if he ca n't believe the lies he 's telling himself . 
 perhaps i should use fiona 's power over him after all , if only to finally destroy any last lingering hope that there 's any future between him and her . 
 how , i 'm not sure . 
 but if i can achieve it , then perhaps there is a chance of a future between him and cath . 
 is that what freak wants ? 
 does he want a final break between fiona and jase ? 
 ` jase ! ' 
 i ca n't believe it ! 
 another yell ! 
 this time , both jase and i whirl around to see who 's crying out . 
 it 's cath . 
 wide eyed . 
 tearful . 
 shocked . 
 ` how could you ? ' 
 she wails . 
 ` and with her again ! ' 
 she does n't wait for an answer . 
 she turns and runs . 
 * ` cath ! ' 
 i cry out , setting off to run after her . 
 jase grabs my arm , pulls me back . 
 ` what 's wrong with you , fiona ? ' 
 he asks , obviously puzzled by my concern for cath . 
 thing is , it wo n't just look odd to him ; cath would also wonder why fiona 's chasing her . 
 she would n't think i was trying to help her . 
 i shrug off jase 's hand . 
 ` she 's hurt , ' i say . 
 ` because she 's seen us together . ' 
 again , jase gives me that puzzled look . 
 ` so ? 
 besides , it 's not your fault , or mine . 
 when i 'd asked her to meet here , i was n't expecting you to be around . ' 
 ` here ? 
 why here ? 
 we never used to meet here ! ' 
 i thought i was the only one who knew of this secluded place . 
 when i was going out with jase , i never came here with him . 
 jase looks more mystified than ever . 
 ` fiona ; what 's wrong with you ? 
 we used to come here all the time ! ' 
 ` you arranged to meet cath where you always used to meet fi -- where we used to meet ? 
 how cruel could you be , jase ? ' 
 ` i did n't mean to hurt you , ' he insists , completely misreading my furious accusation . 
 ` i just sort of hoped you might still be around , might even catch me and cath together and be a little jealous ; and let 's face it , it 's worked has n't it ? ' 
 he grins like he thinks he 's got the kind of smile that would make you forgive him for anything . 
 and yep , at one time , i did think that about jase . 
 ` no it has n't worked , jase ! ' 
 i storm , not wanting to go along with this any longer . 
 he reaches out for me , his smirk clearly telling me that he thinks i 'm just a little upset , and playing hard to get to punish him just a little bit more . 
 i push him off . 
 ` it 's over between us , jase ! 
 ca n't you understand that ? 
 just go away ; i do n't want to see you ever again ! ' 
 and this time , i 'm the one who turns and runs . 
 * chapter 36 ` well , how 'd it go ? ' 
 freak asks , greeting me with a wide grin when i return to his shop . 
 i grumpily sweep past him , heading as quickly as i can for the back room . 
 ` oh just great , just great , ' i mumble irritably . 
 ` if you think it 's just great to break your best friend 's heart ! ' 
 at least freak has the decency to look both a little perplexed and concerned . 
 ` cath ? 
 how did you manage that ? ' 
 ` oh , much much easier than you 'd think possible ! ' 
 i unfairly snap back at him as he follows me through into the back . 
 ` look , jill , no matter what 's happened , i 'm sure you 'll be able to sort something out with her when you meet up with her again . 
 let me guess ; jase saw you out , and he 's still , shall we say , a little enamoured with fiona , yes ? ' 
 ` that 's putting it mildly , ' i grumble as the freaks descend on me and start helping me out of what i 've quite quickly come to regard as a garment . 
 ` and cath saw us together too , did n't she ? ' 
 the garment slips off easily . 
 i 'd needed far less stitching than i 'd required for my previous outing as fiona , having realised that you can use the blending of your own skin to the garment to create your own secure binding . 
 freak had been impressed by the swift advancement of my abilities , saying that i should soon find it possible to wear his creations without any help from stitching or his assistants . 
 at the moment , though , he 's far from impressed with me . 
 ` tut tut ! ' 
 he shakes his head , like i might be responsible for only a minor misdemeanour , but it 's all down to my incredible foolishness . 
 ` you should have known what jase 's reaction would be if he saw you out . 
 personally , i do n't think it 's the disaster you seem to think it is ; but you were the one who did n't want there to be any contact between you ! ' 
 ` and in what way is n't it a disaster ? ' 
 fiona is back on her mannequin . 
 i 'm just about back in my own clothes . 
 ` because i 'm sure you let him know you -- or rather fiona -- was n't interested , right ? ' 
 freak stares at me quizzically . 
 i nod . 
 ` and as for cath ; all she needs is another boost to her confidence , ' he continues . 
 ` which is where you , jill , can help out , right ? 
 because that 's precisely what your gloves are for ! ' 
 * cath 's waiting outside my house when i get back , nervously wringing her hands , eye makeup running in black streaks down her face . 
 her hair 's completely bedraggled , like she 's been tearing at it in anguish . 
 from a distance , i 'd mistaken her for jackie . 
 cath looking like a total freak ; we both thought we 'd never see the day . 
 ` where 've you been ? ' 
 she screams accusingly as she urgently rushes towards me . 
 ` i 've been waiting ages , ages ! 
 the gloves , i need the gloves ! ' 
 she 's almost clawing at me in desperation . 
 i recognise the state she 's in ; i was exactly the same , when jase betrayed me . 
 then i was the one begging jackie to let me use the gloves . 
 and when jackie finally relented and let me wear them , what happened ? 
 why , i became suicidal of course . 
 i know freak thinks i should let cath wear them again . 
 but he 's not here to see how badly she 's been affected by what seems to be fiona 's return . 
 but , of course , fiona has n't returned at all . 
 so surely the best thing to do is simply wait a while and let things calm down . 
 when it dawns on jase that fiona 's not going to have him back , he 'll come crawling back to cath , wo n't he ? 
 ` cath , i really do n't think you should -- ' ` what have you done to your hair ? ' 
 she snaps suspiciously , staring at me in amazement . 
 ` and i 've noticed your eyebrows before ; you 've had work on them too ! ' 
 ` cath , i do n't see what -- ' ` oh , do n't you ? 
 well let me tell you what i see ! 
 i see someone who 's been pretending to be my friend , supposedly helping me get off with her ex-boyfriend . 
 but all the time you 've been seething with jealously , have n't you ? ' 
 ` that 's not true ! 
 i was hurt a little , sometimes , yeah , but -- ' ` yeah ! 
 i thought so ! ' 
 she pushes me in the chest . 
 ` i saw the looks you were giving us when we were together ! 
 and all the time , you 've been prettying yourself up just so -- ' ` cath ! 
 it is n't me that 's gone out with him , is it ? 
 it 's fiona , right ? ' 
 she glares at me , now more suspicious of me than ever . 
 ` and how do you just happen to know that , eh ? ' 
 ` well , i , you know , i ... ' ` no , i do n't know , jill ! ' 
 ` with you being here , so upset , i mean , ' i answer lamely . 
 ` i know what he 's like , remember ? ' 
 i quickly add , seeing it as a possible lifeline to help me regain cath 's trust . 
 ` he did it to me too , did n't he ? ' 
 ` so now you 're saying you set me up with a boy you knew could n't be trusted ? ' 
 oh damn . 
 she 's not going to let this one go , is she ? 
 i have to calm things down quickly . 
 ` cath , how was i supposed to know fiona would show up again ? 
 i saw her , if you must know ; that 's how i knew she was back . ' 
 okay , so it 's a lie . 
 but just what else am i supposed to do ? 
 she 's still irately glaring at me , her hands on her hips like she 's not accepting my excuses . 
 i 've no longer got any choice . 
 i 'll just have to let her have what she wants . 
 ` but look , cath , if you 're sure that 's what you want -- then of course you can try on the gloves again ! 
 just -- just be careful with them , all right ? ' 
 * chapter 37 cath is n't the slightest bit careful with the gloves when i hand them to her . 
 she slips them on much like i 'd expect a frenzied addict to dive into a fresh , long-awaited supply of pills . 
 she 's shaking at first then , as the gloves begin to take effect , she relaxes , sighs blissfully . 
 i 'm keeping a close eye on her , watching out for any reactions she makes that might indicate she 's tapping into hezzy 's more unfortunate suicidal tendencies . 
 then again , with any luck , i could be worrying over nothing of course . 
 no one 's supposed to be able to access hezzy 's full range of experiences , of course . 
 least of all the period when she decided to end it all . 
 how many gloves would nonpareil sell if just anyone could experience her suicide , right ? 
 cath 's whimpering , smiling . 
 ecstasy ? 
 distress ? 
 i really ca n't be sure . 
 even when she looks weirdly unhappy -- i say weirdly because she frowns while grinning , or stares wide-eyed and blankly while gawping in what could be horror -- i ca n't tell if that 's all down to her own highly emotional state , or something to do with hezzy 's life . 
 finally , an exhausted cath slips off the gloves without a word . 
 she smiles knowingly as she drapes them over the edge of their box . 
 ` was everything all right ? ' 
 i ask , trying to somehow use my eyes to let her know she can tell me about anything unusual or bad she experienced . 
 but does that ever work ? 
 it does n't this time , that 's for sure . 
 she does n't offer me any thanks as she leaves . 
 ` cath , take care ! ' 
 i cry out after her as she heads off down my garden path . 
 ` do n't go doing anything stupid , right ? ' 
 i add stupidly . 
 * in the morning , i sit down at my dresser to apply a little bit of makeup . 
 but you know what ? 
 i do n't need it . 
 i look absolutely wonderful . 
 more amazing , in fact , than i 've ever looked . 
 obviously , whatever i did last night , it 's pleased freak . 
 yet i 'm not the slightest bit pleased with myself . 
 i 'm worried for cath . 
 and worried that i 'm responsible for what she 's going through , what she 's suffering . 
 i need freak 's advice on how i can be sure i 'm helping her rather than making things worse . 
 besides , i 'd like to learn a little more about mary . 
 only this time , i 'm going to have to make sure i 'm not going anywhere where jase might accidently come across me once again . 
 trouble is , i 'm not even half way up my street when jackie pounces . 
 i seem to have people waiting around for me these days no matter where i am , or whom i 'm dressed as . 
 jackie 's still hiding her face beneath a heavy hood . 
 as it 's a sunny day , the hood makes her look bizarre anyway . 
 then again , when i catch a glimpse of her face in the shadows of the hood , i have to admit she 'd look even weirder if she revealed what she now looks like . 
 i catch what could either be a smile or the grimace of a partially revealed skull . 
 yeah , she 's that bad . 
 like some sort of living dead character . 
 ` good to see you 're looking so incredibly beautiful , jill ! ' 
 she sneers , finishing with a hoarse , guttural laugh as if she 's struggling for breath . 
 ` hah do n't look at me like that , jill ! ' 
 she chuckles hoarsely again . 
 ` i can read your face like it 's a book , dear ; that disgust , like you think i 'm being sarcastic ! ' 
 ` and are n't you , jackie ? 
 if it 's any consolation to you , i forgive you for everything you 've done to me . ' 
 it 's true -- i do forgive her . 
 last night , i saw for myself how easy it is to unintentionally hurt a friend . 
 sure , jackie went a few steps too far , as she deliberately stole jase off me . 
 but i 've seen how jase , how joshua , were almost literally bewitched by mary 's incredible beauty . 
 how was jackie supposed to resist the chance to be suddenly so ridiculously attractive again , especially after suffering being a freak for so long ? 
 ` forgive me ? 
 that 's so big of you , jill ! ' 
 she sniggers . 
 as i 've said before , jackie seems to have this incredible talent for winding you up no matter how understanding you 're trying to be . 
 ` the only forgiveness i need is freak 's , thanks ! ' 
 she continues with another aggressive sneer . 
 ` and that 's why i 'm pleased for you , and the way you 're looking now . 
 because it means you 've got to be doing what he wants ; which also means it 's just got to be a matter of time before i begin to get my own looks back , right ? ' 
 there 's a touch of doubt to her last comment , like she 's nowhere near as confident as she 's trying to make out . 
 ` he 's angry , i think , because you made me suicidal . 
 but i 've seen for myself how easy it is to upset a friend who -- ' she 's laughing . 
 ` you still do n't get it , do you , little miss goodie-two-shoes ? 
 how do you think he gets all that wonderful haute couture of his -- all amazingly gorgeous , all ingrained with the most wonderfully emotional experiences ? 
 oh , he 's so grateful for all those silly little beauties who have their dream of the cosy cottage and the two kiddies suddenly snatched away from them ! ' 
 ` that 's ridiculous ! 
 freak saved me , remember ? 
 and i saw him try to save hezzy ! ' 
 ` hah , only because he was worried the car crash was n't going to leave him anything salvageable ! 
 and after all his hard work driving her to the edge of suicide too ! 
 the gloves , you idiot ; they 're all from suicidal girls . 
 that 's how they work , how they manage to retain all that high emotion -- how , eventually , they 'll subtly persuade anyone who 's constantly wearing them that suicide 's the only answer ! 
 brilliant , really ; a self-replicating business model ! ' 
 ` he saved me ! ' 
 i persist uncertainly , try to grasp at any fact i can to persuade myself that jackie 's lying again . 
 this time jackie 's laugh is bitter , mocking . 
 she steps back a little , indicating the way i look with a graceful sweep of her hands . 
 ` just look at yourself , fool ! 
 you 're gorgeous , but you do n't really know it ! 
 he saved you to make you into a recruiter , salvaging what he could from a job gone wrong . 
 just like he had to satisfy himself with the pair of gloves he made from hezzy , rather than the full costume he was really after ! ' 
 ` you 're saying that i ... ' i do n't want to say it . 
 ` do i really have to spell it out ? ' 
 jackie sneers . 
 ` it was n't that i made you suicidal that bothered freak ; it 's that you were going to end it all by jumping from a bridge . 
 leaving that glorious body of yours absolutely shattered and beyond any use for him ! ' 
 * chapter 38 i do n't go to freak 's shop . 
 i head back home . 
 is jackie telling the truth ? 
 was i supposed to end up as just another costume in freak 's shop ? 
 there to be worn by one of his wealthier clients , whenever she wanted to experience being young and beautiful again ? 
 jackie had said that had been the plan . 
 freak had even shown this favoured customer of his pictures and videos of me . 
 giving her a taste of what could soon be hers . 
 she 'd already handed over a down payment , reserving me for her own personal use . 
 oh god god god ! 
 ` and you ... you were going to help him do that to me ? ' 
 i 'd asked jackie , aghast . 
 ` look at me ! ' 
 she 'd replied , drawing my attention back to how she looked with the same sweep of her hands she 'd used to indicate my own looks . 
 ` do you really have any idea what it 's like to look like this ? 
 like a leper ? 
 a zombie ? 
 you 'll do anything to stop yourself ending up looking like this , believe me ! 
 as you 'll find out , unless you continue delivering cath to him ! ' 
 so that was it ; that was what freak wanted . 
 as he could n't have me as his latest costume , cath would have to take my place . 
 * of course , i ca n't do it . 
 i ca n't hand cath over to freak . 
 how could i live with myself , knowing my best friend has become nothing more than a piece of fancy dress for a depraved yet incredibly rich woman to dress up in now and again ? 
 ironically , cath now hates me . 
 she rings me every single day , pleading with me to let her use the gloves . 
 when i refuse , she hits me with every kind of insult she can think of before angrily hanging up on me . 
 for a while , we used to go through the same kind of arguments at school . 
 her accusing me of still being in love with jase . 
 of keeping the magic of the gloves for myself so that i can win him back . 
 she 'd avoid me for most of the day , then suddenly charge towards me , either lashing out angrily or , once again , just about getting on her hands and knees as she begged me to let her have the gloves . 
 one day , even through her anger , her anguish , she finally noticed what most other people had already spotted ; that i was rapidly losing my looks . 
 my hair hung down across my face , greasy and lank , no matter how much i washed it . 
 my skin was dull , blemished , even breaking out in places in reddish patches beneath which you could see broken capillary veins . 
 and then , on one side , my whole face began to freeze oddly . 
 no amount of heavy makeup can hide that . 
 so now i do n't see cath at school . 
 i do n't go into school anymore . 
 i do n't go out anymore . 
 i stay in bed , in a darkened room . 
 i 've told mum and dad i 've caught some sort of virus . 
 they 've had the doctor round , of course . 
 but he admits he ca n't see what the problem is . 
 poor diet , he says . 
 low self-esteem . 
 anxiety over school , friends , boyfriends . 
 hormonal changes . 
 they all take their toll on a young girl 's body , he says . 
 i 'll get over it . 
 i just need to rest for a few days . 
 calm down a bit . 
 that seems to have satisfied mum and dad that there 's nothing to worry about . 
 they 're getting on with their own lives once again , leaving me with the microwave meals piled up in the fridge . 
 they say i can top them up with the vitamins and mineral pills they 've left out for me on the kitchen top . 
 oh , and drink plenty of fresh water . 
 yeah , great ; that should have me looking fresh and peachy any day now . 
 mum drops the biggest shock i 've never had when she tells me -- ` what with everything being brought to a head by your illness , dear , and all the extra worry we 're having to deal with ' -- her and dad are splitting up . 
 they 're already talking to the divorce lawyers . 
 already drawing up the papers . 
 already deciding who gets to keep what . 
 mum would have preferred me not to know until i was better , course ; but i 'm a big girl now , are n't i ? 
 i 'm at an age when i should be able to deal with such things easy enough . 
 ` yeah , sure , ' i say as casually as i can , so as not to upset mum too much . 
 ` so , are we staying here , or moving out , or ... ' ` well , sweetie , that 's one of the things me and ferdinand ca n't quite agree on just yet -- ' ` ferdinand ? 
 who 's ferdinand ? ' 
 ` look , see , sweetie ? 
 i should have waited until you were a little better , should n't i ? ' 
 cath still rings . 
 still pleading for a use of the gloves . 
 still calling me names when i refuse . 
 now , though , she 's wailing down the phone at me that fiona 's back . 
 and she 's going out with jase . 
 i tell her not to be crazy ; that 's impossible , i say . 
 trust me . 
 so she sends me a short video she 's taken on her mobile . 
 it 's jase and fiona , out together in the park . 
 * chapter 39 ` ah , i wondered when you 'd be back , ' freak greets me with a pleased grin . 
 i 'm surprised he can recognise me . 
 i 'm wearing a heavy , hooded coat , the hood tied tightly so that it completely covers my head and face . 
 ` fiona , ' i say bluntly , ` you 're letting jackie go out as fiona once again ! ' 
 he shakes his head , like he 's disappointed by my accusation . 
 ` fiona is back there , ' he says calmly , indicating that i should lead the way into the back of the shop . 
 ` as she has been since the day you left her there , poor girl . ' 
 i rush through into the back , continuing through into the room where i 'd last left fiona . 
 as freak had insisted , she 's still there . 
 beautiful . 
 smiling . 
 i 'd come over here as soon as cath had sent me the video . 
 she 'd only just taken it , she 'd told me . 
 no way could jackie have beaten me back to the shop . 
 despite the way i look , all deformed and freakish , freak can obviously detect a hint of bewilderment on my face . 
 ` how close were you ? 
 when you think you saw her , i mean ? ' 
 i already feel foolish enough without admitting that i 've only seen a video of her . 
 and on a mobile 's small screen at that . 
 ` well , reasonably close . ' 
 he gives me a doubtful look . 
 ` and you 're sure it was her ? 
 you 're sure it was n't just someone who looks a bit like her ? 
 you know ; maybe copied her style , her hair ? 
 someone who admires her , and thought , hey , you know what -- i could look like her ? ' 
 ` well , i ... ' yeah , it is a possibility , is n't it ? 
 he gives me an understanding , forgiving grin . 
 ` we 've all done it ; we think we 've seen someone we know from a distance . 
 but when we get close , we realise we 've made a mistake . ' 
 ` yeah , yeah , that must be it , ' i say , even though i still ca n't help being a little doubtful that that 's what 's really happened here . 
 ` and so , as you 're here ... ? ' 
 he indicates the waiting fiona with a nod of his head , an expectant pout of his mouth . 
 ` yes , yes ; why not ? ' 
 i say eagerly . 
 * i slip into fiona 's skin with all the excitement of someone eager to shrug off their own ugliness and take on all the beauty and attractiveness of a truly gorgeous woman . 
 ` i do n't need the help of your freaks , ' i say as soon as i see them heading my way . 
 as freak looks their way to dismiss them , i use the distraction to slide my mobile phone out of my jeans and into one of the pockets in fiona 's dress . 
 ` may i ask what made you change your mind ? ' 
 freak asks as he looks my way again . 
 ` hah ! 
 you 've seen the way i look , freak ! 
 you 're the one responsible , after all . ' 
 he puts on a pained expression , like i 'm being a little unfair on him . 
 ` and you know what i thought , ' i continue , as i slip on more and more of fiona , ` when i kept getting all these wailing , complaining calls and insults from cath ? ' 
 freak 's hurt expression instantly changes into an impressed smile when he sees how readily the skin of my arms is blending with fiona 's , negating any need for the freaks ' stitches and tightening . 
 ` what the hell , i thought ; she 's really the one who 's guilty of everything she 's accusing me of ! 
 she 's the one who was looking on enviously when i was going out with jase ! 
 she 's the one who was bad-mouthing me behind my back , according to jackie ! 
 so what the heck am i doing , looking like i 've just stepped out of a grave , when i could be beautiful once again ? ' 
 ` indeed you could , jill ! ' 
 he beams with immense satisfaction as , with a nod of his head , he directs me to look at myself in one of the surrounding mirrors before finally slipping on the last of fiona . 
 i smile . 
 the real me , jill paxton , is beautiful once more . 
 * chapter 40 this time , i need a truly secluded spot , one where jase is n't going to accidently come across me . 
 as mum and dad are out yet again , each enjoying their fun-filled , separate lives while their daughter recuperates from her ` unfortunate hormonal changes ' , that means my own home . 
 i 've just got to make sure no one sees fiona slipping in though the side door , that 's all . 
 see , there 's only one way to find out if jackie has -- for once -- been telling me the truth about freak 's way of harvesting the young girls he needs for his creations . 
 i need to find out what happens to mary . 
 i mean , everything seems to be going pretty well for her . 
 she 's so beautiful , no one but no one could turn up to displace her in the affections of her lover joshua . 
 sure , there 's all that class thing , no doubt backed by a threat from joshua 's parents that he 'll be disinherited -- but believe me , he 's deeply in love with her . 
 he 'll put up even with that , i 'm sure , just to be with her . 
 i 've felt all this every time i 've been fiona , even when i 'm not tapping into mary 's past life . 
 it 's like an emotional message running through every fibre of her being . 
 she does n't seem the suicidal type . 
 she does n't seem to have any reason to be committing suicide . 
 admittedly , she must have died young -- but hey , way back then , that could be down to any number of reasons , right ? 
 i lie down on my bed . 
 i relax . 
 and i 'm mary once more . 
 * they 're married . 
 mary and joshua have married ! 
 they 've moved into a small cottage , situated by a picturesque river , on the family 's estate . 
 joshua has been disinherited , as his father and mother had threatened if he continued his relationship with mary . 
 but he 's still able to regularly draw money from some sort of trust fund that could easily provide them with an extremely comfortable life . 
 mary could n't be happier . 
 joshua could n't be happier . 
 even when joshua 's regiment calls him back into service to fight in one of queen victoria 's many wars , it all seems rather glamorous rather than terrifying . 
 they 'll miss each other , naturally , but these things are usually over quite quickly . 
 and as an officer , he 'll be entitled to extended periods of leave he can use to return to britain on a frequent basis . 
 mary 's out in the garden , hanging out the washing , when joshua 's father arrives in a pony trap . 
 he gets down from the trap , rigidly stern-faced behind his whiskers . 
 mary smiles , even though she knows joshua 's father is one of the few men who wo n't respond positively to her smiles . 
 she wipes her hands on her apron . 
 ` could i make you some tea -- ' ` he 's dead . 
 joshua 's dead . 
 not even killed in a battle , either . 
 dead from some foul pestilence , caught on the damned ship taking him out there . ' 
 he throws a sheaf of official looking papers down at mary 's feet . 
 he spins around on his heels , head 's back to his trap , crying out his last words to her over his shoulder . 
 ` i want you out of the house by tomorrow morning . ' 
 he ca n't even be bothered to look back at the weeping mary as she crumples to the floor . 
 he mounts his trap , turns it around , and heads back towards the grand house . 
 after a while , mary finally manages to pick herself up off the ground . 
 leaving the papers to blow away in the wind , she heads back into the house . 
 she takes a sad look around the kitchen , remembering all the happy times they 've had here . 
 she opens a drawer , taking out an elaborately decorated box from inside . 
 opening the box , she takes out the gloves ; his very first present to her . 
 she brings the gloves to her face , breathing in the smell of him that still lingers on the soft leather . 
 it had been their first night together . 
 their first experience as lovers . 
 she slips on the gloves , remembering more of that night , of other nights . 
 of days walking out together , his hand in her expensively-gloved hand . 
 they look strange on her at the moment , these wonderful , incredibly expensive gloves , in conjunction with her crudely made smock . 
 she steps outside , back into the garden . 
 the wind has already taken away the papers . 
 it 's also threatening to carry away a bed sheet she 'd only managed to half-peg onto the line . 
 she strides past the angrily flapping sheet . 
 she walks across the short patch of thick grass lining the riverbank . 
 she steps into the cold , clear water of the river . 
 she lies down . 
 she lets herself relax . 
 and lets the flowing waters slowly close over her . 
 * chapter 41 i leap up from my bed spluttering , gasping for air , gagging . 
 i really thought i was drowning ! 
 i swear that , for a moment there , i even i felt the water dropping off me as i sat up on my bed . 
 poor poor mary ! 
 jackie was right -- she was telling the truth . 
 i have to stop freak doing this ! 
 i have to destroy his shop ! 
 i reach for my mobile , search for his shop on google maps . 
 as i 'd hoped , it has a small courtyard round the back . 
 it 's surrounded by a high wall . 
 that 's both a positive and a negative ; positive in that it will hide me from any passer-by , negative in that i have to get over it . 
 i set my mobile so that whoever i 'm calling wo n't recognise my number . 
 i click on a speed dial number i should really have got rid of ages ago . 
 when he answers , jase 's grinning face comes up on my screen . 
 ` hi , ' he says brightly , obviously highly pleased to see fiona 's smiling face on his own screen , ` ca n't get enough of me , eh ? ' 
 ` jase , ' i say , fluttering my eyes a little , ` just how much do you love me ? ' 
 * it 's dark by the time we 're standing just along the street from nonpareil . 
 no one 's around . 
 even in this neighbourhood , this is what passes as the shopping district , so everyone 's gone home . 
 jase is carrying the heavy bag of tools i 'd gathered together before meeting up with him . 
 i 'm carrying the birthday card . 
 i 've looked up on the internet how to get back into a house you 've accidently locked yourself out of . 
 so i 've brought along a narrow wallpaper scraper , glass cutter , pliers and an assortment of other tools that might come in handy . 
 i 've also told jase i 've included a couple of bottles of boxed wine to explain both the heaviness of the bag he 's carrying and the odd glugging noise he can hear . 
 actually , it 's a plastic can of lawnmower petrol i 've taken from our garden shed . 
 so i 've also had to tell him the smell 's down to it being our gardener 's bag . 
 the matches i 've got in my pocket , thinking they 're safer there rather than lying next to what could potentially be a crude bomb . 
 and the birthday card ? 
 well , i could hardly tell jase why i 'm really breaking into the shop , could i ? 
 it 's one sent to me earlier that i found in my cupboard . 
 one of those with inner leaves that i 've torn out so i could re-sign it ; wishing a happy birthday ` to all my wonderful friends at nonpareil ! ' 
 as far as jase is concerned , i 'm going through all this as an amazing surprise for my friends , as it 's exactly five years since they set up the shop . 
 hey , coming from fiona , he 's prepared to believe it , right ? 
 fact is , i could probably tell him straight out what i 'm intending to do , and he probably would n't bat an eyelid . 
 if his gorgeous fiona wants to indulge in a bit of arson , what could possibly be wrong with that ? 
 still , doing it my way , with the lie about the birthday surprise , means i can reassure him that if i 'm caught , i can just pass it all off to the police as a joke gone wrong . 
 and he 's bought the lie because he wants to buy it . 
 because he wants to be seen to be someone fiona can always rely on , no matter what she asks him to do . 
 he even offered to break into the shop with me , even though i 've told him all i need him to do is help me over the wall -- then he can safely head off for home . 
 as we reach the wall , he turns , placing the bag on the floor and grabbing me by the waist . 
 ` ready ? ' 
 he asks . 
 it 's odd , being like this once again . 
 his hands on my waist . 
 his eyes sparkling with happiness and , yes , even love . 
 but it is n't love for me of course . 
 it 's love for fiona . 
 ` ready , ' i reply . 
 letting me use his hands as steps , he lifts me up . 
 -lrb- did n't i say he was strong and athletic ? 
 why do you think all us girls have been lusting after him ? -rrb- 
 he lifts me up to a point where i can grab the very top of the wall and then pull myself up onto it . 
 next , he hands the bag up to me . 
 then , using the string i 'd tied to its handles , i lower it to the floor on the other side of the wall . 
 finally , i slip over the wall , slowly sliding down its side as far as i can before i have to jump the rest of the way . 
 ` you okay ? ' 
 jase whispers from the other side of the wall . 
 ` sure , everything 's going smoothly to plan ! ' 
 i say proudly . 
 ` remember to take care of the alarm system first , ' he says . 
 alarm system ? 
 damn ! 
 * chapter 42 ` sure , sure , ' i hiss back at jase from the other side of the wall , trying to hide my panic . 
 ` my friends told me the code , ' i lie . 
 ` do n't worry . ' 
 ` oh , okay ; and you 're sure you 'll be all right getting back out ? ' 
 ` as i said , i 'll let myself out the front , setting the door latch and closing it behind me . 
 i 'll be fine ; you can head on home now -- and thanks , jase , thanks a lot . 
 i owe you . ' 
 i do n't wait for his reply . 
 i 've wasted enough time chatting at the wall . 
 an alarm ! 
 why did n't i think of that ? 
 because i 've been telling myself freak 's so confident that no one will dare break in he wo n't have bothered with any modern anti-burglary devices , that 's why . 
 they do n't exactly fit in with the quaint , ancient look of his shop after all . 
 but yeah ; it could be his shop has n't been broken into because he 's got the world 's most sophisticated alarm system ! 
 i get to the window . 
 thankfully , it 's a sash window , as i 'd hoped . 
 at least he has n't had that modernised ! 
 i reach into the bag for the wallpaper scraper . 
 i slip the blade between the gap lying between the lower and upper parts of the window , as instructed on the websites i visited . 
 sliding the scraper along the gap , i search for and wait until i feel it coming up against the catch -- and then i push the catch open . 
 easy ! 
 slipping the scraper into my back pocket -lrb- i 'd changed earlier into some of my own jeans and a dark jumper -rrb- , i jubilantly grab the bottom of the frame to jerk it open . 
 it does n't move . 
 i peer at the catch just behind the glass , checking that it 's fully open . 
 it is . 
 trouble is , there 's a modern window lock right next to it . 
 damn ! 
 * i have n't really thought all this through as well as i 'd thought , have i ? 
 damn ! 
 i mean , how come freak thinks he has to rely on all these modern contraptions when he can skin people and transform them into costumes ? 
 is n't that enough to warn anyone off from breaking into his shop ? 
 well , come to think of it , it has n't warned an idiot like me off , has it ? 
 i slump to the floor , dismayed by my stupidity . 
 i look at the surrounding wall . 
 how am i going to get back over that ? 
 idiot , idiot , idiot ! 
 mary , you were a much more resilient woman than i could ever hope to be ; what would you do ? 
 wait a minute ! 
 mary ! 
 that 's the answer ! 
 * chapter 43 the courtyard smells terrible . 
 the sour stench of rotting horse droppings and overflowing drains . 
 using the scraper again , i slip the catch -- and this time , of course , the window opens easily . 
 there are n't any window locks in mary 's time . 
 no alarms to worry about , either . 
 i clamber through the opened window , dragging the bag through with me . 
 i 'd remembered to hold on to the bag as i 'd slipped back in time . 
 i nearly jump right back out of the window when i see a person waiting for me in the darkened room . 
 idiot ! 
 it 's just one of the costumes . 
 no , no -- it 's not just one of the costumes , i realise , my eyes slowly adjusting to the room 's dim light . 
 it 's helen ; helen of troy . 
 i recognise her from when i saw princess elizabeth dressed as her . 
 beautiful . 
 regal . 
 magnificent . 
 so , although she went missing at some point in the shop 's history -lrb- so freak told me anyway -rrb- , the experience of being helen of troy was still up for sale back in mary 's time . 
 and paris , is he here ? 
 no ; he 's out , as it were . 
 there 's just an empty , regular tailor 's dummy standing next to helen . 
 who 's hired him out , i wonder ? 
 some jekyll and hyde character , staid by day , but wild and carefree by night ? 
 maybe even some highborn lady , who wants to experience the sensations and privileges available to a man ? 
 now that i have the chance to study her , i realise helen 's much younger than i would have expected . 
 i mean , the siege of troy lasted what , ten years ? 
 so you 'd expect her to be around twenty eight at least , would n't you ? 
 but the helen so imperiously standing before me looks less than twenty , easily . 
 perhaps that was a part of her allure , her beauty , of course ; that she looked much younger than she actually was . 
 then again , perhaps the weak light coming in through the window is n't the best kind of light to study her in . 
 come to think of it , why 's a prize like helen kept next to a window , where she could be so easily stolen ? 
 is that why she was stolen ? 
 why , too , freak decided he did need protection from burglars ? 
 i suppose the window 's natural light was the best thing there was in a time of oil lamps to present her at her best . 
 otherwise , too , residues of soot would have to be regularly cleaned off her . 
 when i slip back into my own time , i 'm almost sorry to see that helen 's no longer in the room with me . 
 the only thing in here is a bared , modern mannequin . 
 obviously , paris is out again . 
 * i need to find the best spot to start the fire . 
 it has to be sheltered , so it 's protected from the spray of the sprinklers . 
 -lrb- yes , that 's another modern precaution that freak 's had installed in his shop . -rrb- 
 it also has to be off the ground , so it 's not doused by water flowing across the floor . 
 looking about me at freak 's ` creations ' , every one of which seems to be glaring at me from out of the room 's dim light , i almost feel guilty of murder . 
 multiple murder . 
 on the shelves , in a long rack , i spot a line of umbrellas . 
 i pick one up , wondering for the first time in my life if it really is bad luck to open one inside . 
 what are they made of ? 
 do they do anything for you other than keep the rain off ? 
 could they be of any use to me ? 
 would a fire have worked better back in mary 's time , when they did n't have any sprinklers ? 
 i doubt it , going by freak 's description of how time works . 
 that 's another thing i have to take into account -- freak 's ability to move through time . 
 i do n't want a future freak coming back to warn everyone that i 'm the culprit . 
 so i ca n't leave any clues that i was involved . 
 as it is , it 's bad enough that he 'll know when it happened . 
 but , if i 've figured this out correctly , if he comes back to tell his present self that the shop catches fire tonight , it will be too late to stop it . 
 as it 's already happened in the history of freak 's future self . 
 that 's right , right ? 
 the worst that can happen is that they hang around to catch the one responsible . 
 which , yeah , is really really bad for me . 
 but they can only catch the one responsible if that also happened in the history of freak 's future self . 
 right ? 
 this time thing , as freak told me , can get ridiculously complicated when you start trying to work everything out . 
 now , one umbrella might not be enough , but a whole array of umbrellas -- what was that ? 
 did i just make that floorboard creak ? 
 no ! 
 there it is again . 
 another creaking board . 
 and another . 
 someone 's heading this way ! 
 freak is lying in wait for me after all . 
 * as silently as i can , i quickly tiptoe over towards the door . 
 i stand to one side of the doorway , holding my umbrella like a club . 
 i can still hear freak heading my way through the front room , trying to walk as quietly as he can . 
 sneaking around . 
 intending to take me by surprise and jump out on me . 
 then it dawns on me what if it 's not freak what if it 's the freaks ? 
 i nervously look about the room i 'm in , expecting the secret doors to open any moment , the freaks pouring out and overrunning me in a matter of seconds . 
 the last and most terrifying seconds of my life . 
 i mean , it 's not like they 're regular staff , heading on home at night after a hard day working the tills , is it ? 
 they probably live here , do n't they ? 
 where else are a bunch of freaks going to live ? 
 i 'm dead ! 
 i 'm going to end up as pair of gloves . 
 or , even worse , an umbrella . 
 * chapter 44 the door opens . 
 i raise my umbrella , ready to strike . 
 -lrb- sorry ! 
 i say to whoever the umbrella used to be . -rrb- 
 even in the room 's poor light , i recognise that it 's jase just before i bring the umbrella down hard on his head . 
 ` what are you doing here ? ' 
 we both say at once in surprise . 
 * ` how the heck did you get in ? ' 
 i ask jase . 
 ` you let me in ; at the front , ' he replies , both mystified and innocent at the same time . 
 ` no i did n't ! ' 
 ` yes you did , ' fiona answers , stepping into the room just behind jase . 
 * ` this ... this is n't possible ! ' 
 i gasp in complete surprise . 
 jase looks even more puzzled than i am . 
 even so , he grins stupidly , like having two fiona 's is the most amazing thing he could have ever dreamed of . 
 ` twins ? ' 
 he chortles in delight . 
 ` oh this is great ! 
 like something out of a soap opera . ' 
 ` sure , sure , that 's right jase , ' the other fiona says contemptuously . 
 ` and you 've got the soap bit right too , ' she adds with a bitterness now aimed at me . 
 ` because she 's what your soaps would call my evil twin . 
 i 'm the real fiona . 
 she 's just been leading you on , planning on getting you into trouble by setting this shop on fire ! ' 
 i 've been too shocked to put up any defence . 
 at one point , i 'd almost cried out ` jackie , i know it 's you . ' 
 but that 's only going to confuse jase even more . 
 and i need to persuade him that i 'm the real fiona . 
 ` i 'm the real fiona ! ' 
 i insist , stepping closer towards him , placing my hand against his cheek and bringing his lips to mine . 
 we kiss . 
 he 's hungry for me . 
 it 's nice , but , strangely , not as nice as i used to think it was . 
 we break apart , both grinning . 
 jase because he ca n't believe his luck . 
 me because i think it was quite a nice little masterstroke to pull . 
 jase knows fiona 's lips . 
 they 're not the kind of lips you can forget . 
 the other fiona grins back at me just as triumphantly . 
 she points over towards the umbrella rack , where i 've left the bag containing the can of petrol . 
 ` check out her bag , ' she says to jase . 
 giving each of us a bemused look , jase begins to walk towards the bag . 
 ` jase ! 
 stop ! 
 look ! ' 
 i call out to him , making him stop and turn . 
 ` none of us are fiona ! 
 and i can prove it ! ' 
 i prepare to hurriedly shrug out of fiona 's skin . 
 ` no no ; do n't ! ' 
 jase commands brusquely , stepping back towards me . 
 ` that 's an expensive garment you 're wearing ! 
 i do n't want to risk damaging it just so you can make some silly point ! ' 
 ` what ? 
 what did you say ? ' 
 i stop in mid-action , more confused than ever . 
 jase smiles . 
 ` i mean -- what the ? ' 
 before he can finish speaking , the freaks suddenly begin rushing out of their secret cubby holes and rooms . 
 they all charge towards a horror stricken jase . 
 clambering all over him before he has a chance to start knocking any of them off , they immediately start tearing at his skin with their weird tools . 
 and jase screams and screams as they begin to skin him alive . 
 * chapter 45 leaping forward , i begin to pull or knock off any freaks i can . 
 but it 's hopeless , there are too many of them . 
 jase 's skin is being steadily pulled off him in one amazing , sickening piece , as if already partially formed into a full costume . 
 he screams pitifully , he writhes agonizingly . 
 the other fiona giggles gleefully . 
 i 'm not going to be able to save him . 
 i 'm too late . 
 i 'm too useless . 
 more and more of his skin is being peeled away , uncovering the glistening veins and muscles that had lain beneath . 
 amazingly , amidst all his agony and his terrified wailing , jase manages to raise a hand to his head , wiping away the thick sheen of blood from his eyes . 
 a thin film of muscles and veins also begins to come away in his hand until , amazingly , all of it begins to peel away , revealing a new face . 
 freak 's face ! 
 ` ta-da ! ' 
 freak yells out jubilantly , spreading out his arms to either side as if he 's just performed the most incredible trick . 
 ` and in one bound , he was free ! ' 
 horrified , i fall back , crumpling to the floor , trying to scuttle farther away like a terrified crab . 
 ` god , no ! ' 
 i shriek in terror . 
 ` you 'd already skinned him ! ' 
 * freak laughs like it 's the best joke in the world . 
 using both hands , he begins to swiftly strip away the thin patina of muscles and veins covering his body . 
 some of the freaks continue to remove jase 's skin , others have begun cleaning off the rest of the bloody sheen of fake muscles . 
 ` no no ; we would n't be so cruel ! ' 
 freak assures me . 
 ` your precious jase , he never existed . ' 
 as the freaks finally strip off the very last of jase 's skin , they slightly stretch it out between them , a macabre , deflated version of the boy i 'd once loved . 
 ` please allow me to introduce you to paris , ' freak declares theatrically , indicating this ghoulish sight with a flamboyant wave . 
 ` once one of the most desirable men in history , and therefore someone you could hardly resist falling for , my dear ! ' 
 ` it 's ... it 's been you all along ? ' 
 god , i 'm more disgusted than ever ! 
 never , ever , have i felt more like i needed a shower . 
 ` how sick is that ? 
 what are you , some sort of -- ' ` freak ? ' 
 he guffaws . 
 ` but no no ; not the type you 're thinking of ! 
 please , please ; that really is beyond the pale ! ' 
 the other fiona smiles , like she 's the magician 's assistant , there to reassure you everything 's just fine , there 's no real danger involved . 
 ` i do n't usually go in for such subterfuge ; but you jill , i knew you were a special prize ! 
 requiring special means ! ' 
 thankfully , the freaks have carried jase 's -- i still find it hard not to think of him as jase -- grisly costume away . 
 a few of them have remained behind , however , and they 're circling me . 
 ` hah ; thank goodness for that , eh ? ' 
 i say light-heartedly , slowly rising to my feet , glancing about me , looking for any possible route of escape . 
 ` now that that little mistake 's all cleared up , i 'll just -- ' ` just return to things as they were ? 
 i 'm afraid the only mistake is mine ; despite my best intentions , and all the benefits that i 've shown could be yours , it seems i ca n't even trust you to recruit your friends . ' 
 with a nod and a flick of his hands , he commands the surrounding freaks to begin closing in on me . 
 ` it 's such a shame that after all my effort , all i 'm going to get for it is a pair of gloves ! ' 
 * chapter 46 with any luck , most of those awful little freaks have banged their heads as they 've leapt into nothing but empty space . 
 i 'm back in mary 's time . 
 back in the victorian shop . 
 ` mary ? ' 
 i whirl around . 
 an assistant is there , with a male customer . 
 thankfully , the customer is oblivious to everything going on around him . 
 he 's wearing a long , fawn pair of women 's gloves . 
 i was n't expecting anybody to be around at this time of night . 
 obviously , i 've no idea who the man is , but he must be an extra-special customer to be receiving such exclusive service . 
 ` it 's okay -- i mean , all right . ' 
 i use the hand signal i remember freak using to reassure the assistant we 'd surprised when we 'd travelled back to his elizabethan shop . 
 ` freak 's -- mr king 's -- expecting me . ' 
 she frowns doubtfully but returns to assisting her customer , who seems pretty close to crumpling to the floor in ecstasy . 
 joshua must have introduced mary to the shop at some point in their relationship , probably without realising the danger he was placing her in . 
 freak would n't pass up an opportunity to acquire someone as beautiful as mary ; he probably played some underhand role in ensuring the poor girl would eventually commit suicide . 
 i rush towards where i know anne morrow is stored , planning on moving farther back in time before either jackie or freak follows me here . 
 with any luck jackie -- if it is jackie clothed as fiona , of course -- has n't got the full range of skills enabling her to immediately chase after me . 
 if that 's the case , freak will have to slip into a victorian costume ; but he can probably do that remarkably quickly . 
 then i see the door leading to the room where i saw helen . 
 she was on her own in there , as paris was obviously out for hire . 
 if i travel back to her time , freak should n't be able to follow . 
 i mean , how many more costumes from over four thousand years ago must they have ? 
 it will give me time to calm down and try to work out whatever i should be doing next . 
 i slip out of fiona as swiftly i can , yet still take time to carefully drape her over paris 's empty tailor 's dummy . 
 she deserves some respect . 
 seeing her like this , i ca n't help but think how terrifying it would be for mary to come in here and see herself like this . 
 it also explains how there was an extra costume for jackie to slip into and become another , second fiona . 
 helen is an almost perfect fit , such that there 's little excess and few areas of tightness that my own body has to adapt to before it can fully bind to it . 
 it 's only when i 'm fully helen that it suddenly dawns on me that i 've made a dreadful mistake ; how can i travel back to helen 's age when not even freak 's ancient shop would have existed ? 
 did n't freak say that , if you can sense a highly emotional point in their lives , you can turn up almost alongside them ? 
 thing is , i have n't got time to try and discover an emotional high-point in helen 's life that will do the trick for me . 
 then again , i do know the most emotional time of her life . 
 * this time , the water that 's surrounding me is warm , relaxing . 
 dulling . 
 alongside me , on the side of the sunken marble bath , a sharp knife waits . 
 a little farther along , placed where they wo n't get wet , are a beautiful pair of the finest gloves . 
 this is the easiest way . 
 the easiest way to make sense of a life that 's become too complicated . 
 too entrapping . 
 menelaus will never rest unless he can control my every move . 
 i do n't love him . 
 i never have . 
 it was a political marriage , nothing more . 
 if i ca n't be with the man i really love , then i 'm not really living . 
 i 'm just a prisoner . 
 trapped within seemingly endless walls , but walls nonetheless . 
 i 'm surprised how quiet it is in this room . 
 i thought i would have been able to hear the screams of the fleeing trojans , the shouts of the triumphant greeks . 
 perhaps even the cackling of fires , the toppling of buildings . 
 i 'm surprised , too , that paris is n't with her . 
 if they 've decided to commit suicide , rather than let themselves fall into the hands of the victorious greeks , i would have expected them to have been together in their last moments . 
 it 's not exactly a time i should be traveling back to , is it ? 
 besides , i 'm still not exactly sure how you do travel back , as opposed to just sensing helen 's emotions as she -- wait , i 'm watching her in the bath ! 
 i 'm no longer helen ! 
 i 'm standing in the shadows , a few steps away from the ba -- ` who 's there ? ' 
 helen nervously reaches for a thick towel lying alongside her . 
 ` is that you philista ? ' 
 she demands angrily . 
 she rises from the water , swiftly wrapping herself in the towel . 
 she reaches for the knife . 
 ` prince erades is guarding my door ; i 'll shout for him , should i ? ' 
 ` no , no , there 's no need for that , ' i blurt out anxiously . 
 what 's she going to think when i step out from the shadows , looking exactly like her ? 
 i step forward into the amber light cast by the blazing torches scattered around the room . 
 helen gasps , grips her knife more nervously than ever . 
 ` is ... is this a trick of the gods ? ' 
 ` oh , er , no no , not really a trick , i mean , i 'm the goddess ... goddess ... ' damn ! 
 why did n't i pay more attention in my history classes ? 
 ` -- goddess athena ! 
 and i 've taken on a semblance of your beauty to prove it ! ' 
 she frowns doubtfully , like she 's having difficulty weighing up just how likely all this is . 
 ` if you 're the goddess , you wo n't mind me calling in prince erades so -- ' ` but i 'm here to stop you taking your own life ! ' 
 am i ? 
 can i even do it ? 
 i mean , it 's that paradox of time again , is n't it ? 
 it 's already happened . 
 it ca n't be changed . 
 but -- what if freak 's wrong ? 
 or lying ? 
 if i stop her , will it somehow change everything that 's happened ? 
 will it change everything ? 
 everything that 's happened over the last four thousand years ? 
 the hand helen 's using to hold the knife drops down by her side . 
 ` then -- you can help me be with ... with the man i truly love ? ' 
 ` i know you think you 've been betrayed by him ; but paris is -- ' ` paris ? 
 what 's he got to do with this ? ' 
 ` i mean , well , because ... because ... ' what the heck does she mean , ` what 's he got to do with this ? ' 
 i 'm sure i did n't get that part of my classes wrong , about helen and paris being an item ! 
 ` is he intending on taking me hostage ? ' 
 helen demands quite forthrightly . 
 she does n't seem to be exactly cowed by the appearance of a goddess , does she ? 
 then again , would anyone be awed by a goddess mumbling ` because ... because ' ? 
 ` i saw the way he was looking at me ! ' 
 she continues irately , obviously already forgetting that just a moment ago she was so miserable she was about to take her own life . 
 ` i 've heard he 's quite prepared to forcibly take hostage any woman who does n't fall for his charms ! ' 
 if it is n't paris 's charms she 's fallen for , just who is it who 's dragged a girl like this to the point of suicide ? 
 i mean , i 've heard of super models with smaller egos . 
 i 'd better stay away from mentioning any names ; start sounding a bit more like a goddess too ! 
 ` mighty troy may have fallen , but such ill-tidings do n't mean -- ' ` troy 's fallen ? ' 
 she sounds incredibly shocked . 
 ` how ? 
 who 's captured it ? ' 
 ` what ? 
 well , the greeks of course -- ' ` greeks ? ' 
 she looks really puzzled now ! 
 ` is that why you referred to paris ? 
 should he be told before he sails for home ? ' 
 ` er ... ' just what the heck is going on here ? 
 i almost blurt my question out loud . 
 i 'm even more bewildered than helen ! 
 i 'd like to ask if i 've got my dates right here . 
 as that would n't be very goddess-like , however , i have to bite my tongue . 
 besides , i do n't exactly know when troy fell anyway . 
 ` where are we , exactly ? ' 
 damn ! 
 that 's an even worse question to ask , is n't it ? 
 ` you do n't know ? 
 you 're a goddess , and you do n't know we 're in sparta ? ' 
 ` well , i -- ooowww ! ' 
 ` that 's because she 's not a goddess ! ' 
 growls this huge guy who 's just painfully grabbed me by my arm . 
 i whirl around to tell him to at least go a little easy on the way he 's handling me . 
 ` jase ! ' 
 i breathe with relief , recognising him straight away . 
 ` i mean , sorry , paris ! ' 
 ` paris ? ' 
 now he 's the one who looks confused . 
 just what is going on here ? 
 * chapter 47 as this guy who looks like but obviously is n't paris holds me tight , a young girl rushes forward towards helen . 
 ` i saw her hanging around , and thought i should warn prince erades . ' 
 she subserviently helps helen to slip into her dress . 
 going by the way helen does n't seem to mind this prince seeing her naked , i think i 'm safe to presume this is the man she loves . 
 ` you did well , philista ! ' 
 the prince 's grip on my arm tightens . 
 he 's seen the knife lying by the side of the hot bath . 
 ` helen ! 
 what ... what were you intending to do ? ' 
 he says it like he knows full well what the presence of the knife indicates . 
 helen bows her head , ashamed . 
 ` when you told me you ca n't continue to betray your king ... ' ` because it 's too dangerous for us both ! ' 
 at last , he lets me go . 
 he rushes towards helen , taking her in his arms , holding her tight , realising how close he came to losing her . 
 philista carefully picks up the gloves , slipping them into the type of box i 've come to recognise as one of freak 's . 
 she guiltily glances my way , giving me the impression that she has some idea who i really am . 
 ` you could safely leave your husband 's kingdom now , ' she says slyly , nodding in my direction . 
 ` if paris is seen to abduct her in your place . ' 
 helen and the prince look at me , look at each other . 
 ` if some of your men were dressed as trojans ... ' ` and some as spartans . 
 but we 'll have to act quickly ; paris is preparing to sail tonight . ' 
 ` now wait a minute ... ' i say , stepping closer towards them . 
 it 's a mistake stepping towards them and not keeping my eye on philista . 
 as soon as she finds herself standing behind me , philista swings the heavy glove box she 's holding hard against the back of my head . 
 * when i wake up , my head 's painfully throbbing . 
 i 'm still a little dazed , a little confused . 
 i 'm being violently jolted up and down , my whole body swaying back and forth . 
 both my back and my head are banging hard against something solid and agonisingly uneven . 
 my bottom and legs are similarly being viciously shaken , as whatever i 'm sitting on is uncomfortably rising and falling at a ridiculously fast rate . 
 i 'm seated on a ferociously galloping horse . 
 someone 's seated behind me in the saddle , holding me in place with the thickly muscled arms he 's also using to hold and control the reins . 
 he 's wearing armour , including the helmet my head 's continuing to bang against . 
 i try to scream , but something 's been crammed into my mouth . 
 i 've been gagged . 
 my hands are also tied behind my back . 
 there are other riders around us , all pushing their horses hard as we noisily hurtle through narrow , darkened streets . 
 the sky 's incredibly black , the only light coming from a thin crescent of moon . 
 all the riders are armoured , their shields strapped to their horses ' sides , their lances held upright , as if ready for action . 
 the pounding of the horses ' hooves on the stone or cobbled streets echo back from the closely set houses and buildings . 
 ` they 've taken our queen ! ' 
 someone cries out . 
 ` the trojans have betrayed us ! ' 
 another yells . 
 the odd thing is , it 's the men around me who are doing the shouting . 
 and then , coming out of my daze at last , i remember what i 'm doing here . 
 these are prince erades ' men , dressed as trojans . 
 * chapter 48 it 's time i left this time . 
 but -- how do i get back ? 
 before , i 've moved from freak 's shop in the past to freak 's shop in the present . 
 and it 's happened without me having to give it any more effort than just wishing i was back there . 
 now though -- nothing 's happening . 
 how does thinking of a highly-emotional time in someone 's life work in reverse ? 
 we 're swiftly heading downhill and , through gaps in the closely surrounding buildings , i begin to catch glimpses of the moonlight reflecting off the sea as silvered waves . 
 the part of the dock we charge out onto is lit by flaming braziers , set well back from a ship whose crew is hurriedly preparing to sail . 
 ` treachery , treachery , ' the men riding alongside me are now yelling out to the ship lying ahead of us . 
 ` the spartans are attacking us ! ' 
 other men , this time on foot , are rushing out onto the dockside from other streets on either side of us . 
 the group of riders split into two , with each new group rushing off to confront the rapidly approaching foot soldiers . 
 only the horse i 'm unwillingly mounted on continues heading towards the ship , galloping at full speed up the rocking gangplank . 
 ` set sail ! ' 
 the rider sitting behind me cries out in warning . 
 ` we 'll hold them off ! 
 you get our prince to safety ! ' 
 before any of the shocked and bewildered crew can ask him for any details , he draws his mount to a sudden halt on the deck . 
 lithely swinging down out of the saddle , he rushes back down the gangplank . 
 turning back , he picks up the gangplank 's end and swings the whole thing around , tossing it into the sea . 
 on board the ship , orders have already been barked out to get away from the dockside , to man the oars . 
 men are leaning over the side , using long , thick shafts to push the ship away from the dock . 
 from the darkness lying out of the reach of the flickering flames , there comes the sounds of ferocious fighting . 
 yells , screams , clashing swords . 
 now and again , a sword or a shield flashes as it catches the amber light . 
 it 's a scene that looks and sounds suitably chaotic , unpredictable and dangerous . 
 and amongst it all , i 'm sitting astride a panting horse with my hands tied and my mouth gagged . 
 you know , i 'd had it up to here with that bloody jase ; but this prince erades is even worse ! 
 * as the ship is n't really of much a size , it 's soon clear of the dockside . 
 the massed oars dip and rise in the swelling waves . 
 the single but incredibly large sail is quickly unfurled , the crew expertly manoeuvring it until it makes the most of a wind that grows stronger the farther we move away from the shore . 
 ` watch out for any ships that are already afloat ! ' 
 the man who shouts out the warning is already heavily armed , prepared for any trouble we might encounter . 
 no one 's paid any attention to me . 
 i 'm still on the horse , still bug-eyed in my anger that i 'm being treated like this . 
 and then , as if to make every crazy thing that 's happened to me recently seem perfectly reasonable after all , the most beautiful man i 've ever seen -- the most beautiful man i could ever imagine -- rushes up from below decks . 
 he 's about to hide his ridiculously high-cheekboned face inside a helmet . 
 but , fortunately , he stops half-way through this move as he catches my eye . 
 he grins wickedly . 
 he strides across the deck towards me , dismissing warnings that the spartans are preparing their ships to give chase with a nonchalant laugh . 
 ` sorry we have to meet again like this ! ' 
 he says , reaching up and grabbing me by the waist . 
 he lifts me down from the horse as if i weighed no more than his sword . 
 he swiftly and deftly pulls off my gag , as if he 's used to this kind of thing . 
 he leans in towards me , his lips connecting with mine before i can protest . 
 that is , if i wanted to protest . 
 * chapter 49 as paris kisses me , the world around me seems to explode in a cacophony of banging and clattering . 
 paris pulls back quickly . 
 in the same flowing move , he withdraws a knife from his waist belt , using it to slice the ropes binding my arms . 
 the heavy banging and clattering has n't gone away . 
 it 's coming from a large crate tied to the centre of the ship 's deck . 
 ` it 's a stallion , ' paris explains . 
 ` still wild ; we thought it best to keep it in the crate until we were out at sea . ' 
 ` paris ; you have to know , i 'm not who you think i am . ' 
 i 'm not quite sure why i feel i have to tell him this . 
 but i feel that if i 'm going to suddenly vanish from his presence at some point , i owe him some form of explanation . 
 i tug at helen 's skin , intending to show him it 's all nothing more than some form of macabre dress ; but the skin does n't come free of my own skin , like i 'm expecting . 
 it reacts in the same way my own skin would if i pulled on it , moving only a little way , and smoothly dropping back into place . 
 i 'm bound to helen 's skin as if it were my own . 
 paris frowns then smirks , like he thinks i 've tried to play a joke on him that has n't quite come off the way i 'd intended . 
 before i can explain anything more , the stallion 's pounding on the wooden planks of its imprisoning crate reaches a crescendo . 
 the wood begins to shatter , with splinters sent scattering across the deck . 
 suddenly , a whole side of the crate completely fragments . 
 the creature immediately leaps free , with a triumphant cry . 
 ` ta-da ! 
 and in one bound , he was free ! ' 
 * chapter 50 it is n't a wild stallion that 's standing before us on the deck . 
 it 's a centaur . 
 and the human part of the centaur is quite definitely freak . 
 the crew and the soldiers have stepped back in amazement , as if this is the very first time they 've encountered a centaur . 
 paris stays right by me , however . 
 he steps in front of me , standing between me and freak with his sword drawn . 
 ` who are you ? ' 
 he demands brusquely . 
 ` shall we say -- a friend ? ' 
 he looks to me , waiting for my reply . 
 i step alongside paris , placing a reassuring , restraining hand on his arm . 
 ` yes , i know him . ' 
 i glance towards what 's left of the crate , wondering why there 's no sign of any other creature there . 
 when i 'd appeared here , helen had been close by . 
 freak notices my confusion . 
 ` did n't i say there are other ways of moving through time -- oh , and that we also create hybrids ? ' 
 ` how did you find me ? ' 
 ` you 're flight from sparta appears in the histories that i 'm thankfully aware of . 
 it 's just lost to those who only know of the myths of your life . ' 
 ` my life ? ' 
 i chuckle unsurely . 
 ` of course . 
 the silly little girl that you met earlier ; she 's hardly the stuff of legend is she ? 
 let her retire to egypt with her silly little prince ! 
 while you , my dear , and your lover paris , create a story that will live for ever ! ' 
 he smiles appreciatively at the way paris has curled a protective arm around me . 
 ` you 're saying ... you 're saying i do n't go back ? ' 
 he grins at me knowingly , seeing the casual interactions that are already naturally taking place between myself and paris . 
 ` you 're saying you want to go back ? ' 
 ` i could have you killed , you know ? ' 
 i look towards paris , seeking confirmation . 
 he grins , nods , and with a subtle wave of a hand orders a number of archers to aim directly at freak 's heart . 
 freak smirks . 
 ` hah , but will you ? ' 
 before he can receive any form of reply , freak wheels around , rising high on his hind legs . 
 galloping towards the ship 's side , he leaps over the rails , plunging down towards the darkly rolling waves . 
 most of the archers rush across the deck , firing their bows -- but the arrows strike nothing but empty air . 
 freak has vanished . 
 ` ships ! 
 the spartans are following us ! ' 
 the warning cry jolts everyone back into ensuring the safety of the ship rather than wasting time wondering how the centaur had simply vanished in mid-air . 
 paris gives me a quick , reassuring embrace . 
 ` sorry we let him go , ' he says , an apology that he manages to make sound strangely seductive . 
 ` but i 'm not letting you go ! ' 
 as if to prove his point , his lips connect and meld perfectly , sublimely , with mine once more . 
 he pulls back , smiles , lets me go -- then sprints off to the back of the ship . 
 ` haul down the sail ! 
 use the oars only ; and take us to steer board as soon as the sail 's down ! ' 
 the sails of the pursing ships glow ghostly white in the moonlight . 
 there are only three , but i know a thousand will soon follow . 
 can i make this whole , bizarre thing work ? 
 why not ? 
 paris smiles in the moonlight as our sail is swiftly lowered to the deck . 
 our pursuers have just watched us disappear into the darkness . 
 yes , i think i can make this work . 
 i have to . 
 and that , of course , includes making sure we do n't end up as freak 's most prized creations . 
 * epilogue the shop , as usual , was extremely busy . 
 most of the ladies were looking forward to an evening as women of ill-repute . 
 some of the lords would take the risk of being highwaymen . 
 if they were captured , they reasoned , their contacts amongst the most senior judges would save them once they revealed who they really were . 
 -lrb- was n't it secretly hinted at in cruikshank 's outrageous cartoons that the prince regent himself relished playing such roles ? -rrb- 
 others would just relish being younger , or stronger , or possessing an identity they could shrug off in the morning , bearing no responsibility for their disreputable nocturnal actions . 
 every customer bar a surprisingly and particularly handsome young couple had been left in the competent hands of the pretty assistants . 
 mr king himself was entertaining the fashionably overdressed fop and his graceful escort . 
 they had expressed a particular interest in seeing helen and paris . 
 ` truly gorgeous is n't she ? ' 
 mr king sighed with pleasure , awed by the incredible beauty of the woman imperiously standing before him . 
 ` and paris , so wonderfully beautiful too , ' he continued , drawing the couple 's attention to the handsome blond man standing alongside helen . 
 ` but you say -- he 's not the real paris ? ' 
 the young dandy shook his head sadly . 
 ` it 's only recently come to my attention that the lady charged with helen 's recruitment had indeed supplied us with both her and her lover -- but the lover is a prince erades . 
 not paris , as we 'd presumed . ' 
 ` and ... helen ? ' 
 mr king asked apprehensively . 
 ` oh , thankfully she is the real thing ; the original helen in fact ! 
 though not , i 'm afraid , the helen of legend . 
 it took the remarkable young woman i 've already informed you of to create the legendary helen we base our claims upon ! ' 
 ` then ; you believe it 's not entirely amiss to continue to promote our most valued exhibits as helen and paris ? ' 
 ` there 's no harm in that at all ! ' 
 mr king smiled in relief . 
 ` then we have much to thank your young acquaintance for ! ' 
 ` we do indeed ! 
 not forgetting our resourceful miss dorent here , who aided her as much as possible to ensure we achieved our prize ! ' 
 he presented his delightful companion by lifting her arm high , as if preparing to whirl her off into an elegant dance . 
 she curtsied demurely . 
 ` my mr king is being most modest , ' she breathed endearingly . 
 ` for he had his own , many varied roles to play ! ' 
 ` and so , ' the shopkeeper asked politely , yet with a mischievous grin , ` will you now be returning to your own time ? 
 or , as you 're here , would you like a little reminder of just how debauched georgian society can be ? ' 
 ` jackie ? ' 
 queried freak , turning towards his beautiful companion . 
 jackie took freak 's hand , raising it high as if for a dance once again . 
 ` i think we deserve a thoroughly decadent ball , do n't you ? ' 
 end if you enjoyed reading this book , you might also enjoy -lrb- or you may know someone else who might enjoy -rrb- these other books by jon jacks . 
 the caught -- the rules -- chapter one -- the changes -- sleeping ugly the barking detective agency -- the healing -- the lost fairy tale a horse for a kingdom -- charity -- the most beautiful things -- the last train the dream swallowers -- nyx ; granddaughter of the night -- jonah and the alligator glastonbury sirens -- dr jekyll 's maid -- the 500-year circus p -- the endless game -- dorian a -- wyrd girl -- the wicker slippers heartache high -lrb- vol i -rrb- -- heartache high : the primer -lrb- vol ii -rrb- -- heartache high : the wakening -lrb- vol iii -rrb- miss terry charm , merry kris mouse & the silver egg seecrets -- the cull -- dragonsapien -- the boy in white linen -- porcelain princess 
