 wyreth 's flame by meredith mansfield copyright 2014 meredith . 
 mansfield smashwords edition thank you for downloading this free ebook . 
 although this is a free book , it remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be reproduced , copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes . 
 if you enjoyed this book , please encourage your friends to download their own copy at smashwords.com , where they can also discover other works by this author . 
 thank you for your support image for cover copyright vasyl duda | dreamstime.com table of contents wyreth 's flame bonus material chapter 1 : starvation chapter 2 : new world chapter 3 : telling stories chapter 4 : torolf 's prospects chapter 5 : driftwood chapter 6 : opportunity chapter 7 : boats and bears chapter 8 : preparations chapter 9 : the volva chapter 10 : the volva 's prophecy chapter 11 : changed plans chapter 12 : plots about the author wyreth 's flame astrid stared at the glistening red scales of the dragon hide pinned to the wall behind the high table . 
 the dragon her father had killed to win this land . 
 she blinked as a story , fully-formed , entered her mind . 
 the images played out against the backdrop of metallic scales . 
 knowing it was only a vision , she still had to force herself not to take a step back when the red dragon breathed a spurt of blue flame in her direction . 
 the gods gave her only these mental pictures . 
 it would be up to her skill to put words to them and bring the story to life . 
 not a new experience for her , but this was a strange time for the gods to gift her with a tale . 
 and such a story . 
 looking around the great hall , she could n't imagine telling this fable here and now . 
 even her gift for storytelling could n't make tonight 's gathering anything but dismal . 
 yet she knew the gods were n't giving her a choice . 
 they never did . 
 the room was unnaturally quiet and somber , despite the number of people assembled there . 
 even the children sat solemn and silent . 
 the men drank too much , ignoring the food set before them in favor of swift oblivion . 
 her father would never have permitted that on the eve of battle , but her father lay in his chamber behind the hall racked with fever from the wound in his gut . 
 haakon dragonslayer , felled by a puny skraeling 's flint-tipped spear . 
 his men drank to keep from thinking about facing a similar fate tomorrow . 
 they had no hope . 
 these men needed a leader . 
 there were warriors here , men like ranulf who could lead the men in the battle -- if he 'd only get his face out of his drinking horns . 
 but the men also needed the heart to fight . 
 so why had the gods given her a story that seemed aimed at the children ? 
 surely the men needed her gift more . 
 she ran the story through in her mind . 
 maybe , with skill , it could be aimed at both and serve more than one purpose . 
 her gift was in her voice and the telling of a tale . 
 she could soothe , inspire , or enflame with her words . 
 she would need to do all three tonight . 
 a warm touch , like a hand on her shoulder , followed her as she stepped down from the dais to where the children sat huddled at one of the center tables . 
 as if the gods approved her choice . 
 `` are you frightened ? '' 
 she asked , stroking a tear-stained cheek . 
 a dozen small , solemn faces looked up , nodding . 
 `` well , come over here and let me tell you a story . 
 a story will help you forget your fears for a little while . '' 
 one little boy 's face brightened . 
 `` yes , lady , tell us a story . '' 
 `` come over to this corner , away from the men . 
 we do n't want to bother them . '' 
 actually , astrid had chosen that corner with deliberate care . 
 it was the place from which her father always addressed his men for a reason . 
 the particular shape and angles of the great hall made even a voice pitched to normal conversational tones carry around the entire hall when one spoke from this spot . 
 the men would hear this story , too , though they would n't think she was telling it to them . 
 `` what sort of story should i tell you ? '' 
 astrid asked , as the children settled around her feet . 
 she took the smallest into her lap . 
 it always helped to let the children think they had chosen the story , even if she had to guide them to it . 
 `` corvalin the great , '' one of the older boys said . 
 the others glared at him . 
 they did not want to hear about warriors and battles tonight . 
 `` lusin and meralda , '' one little girl said . 
 the boys groaned . 
 `` i want to hear about dragons , '' the youngest said from astrid 's lap , looking up at the huge scaly hide stretched on the wall behind the dais . 
 another time , on some long night of the coming winter , astrid might tell that story , how haakon had won the right to settle this land by killing the dragon . 
 even if the gods had not given her a different story to tell tonight , she would not have chosen that one . 
 it was too soon . 
 it might serve to remind them all of what a few determined and skilled men could do , but it would also remind them of the leader they missed . 
 the gods had placed a very different dragon story in her mind tonight . 
 `` dragons , hmm ? 
 very well . 
 i 'll tell you a story about a dragon , then . 
 `` dragons could n't always breathe fire . 
 did you know that ? 
 they were n't as smart as they are now , either . 
 it all goes back to the time of wyreth the wise . 
 now wyreth was small for a dragon and he only survived because he was quick and because he was smarter than the other dragons . 
 and maybe because he was stubborn , too . 
 `` even so wyreth had a hard time of it . 
 he was always last for everything , because dragon society is built entirely on who can bully everybody else . 
 the biggest and strongest dragons get the best and sunniest sleeping spots , and the strongest males get most of the females come mating season . 
 wyreth was the smallest dragon . 
 so he always had the worst and coldest sleeping spot , and none of the females even looked at him . 
 `` whenever wyreth killed a deer or a pig -- cows were entirely too big for him -- one of the other dragons swooped in and stole it from him . 
 the worst offender was zilthss , wyreth 's egg brother and the bane of his existence . 
 zilthss was big and strong , more than strong enough to kill his own prey , but he preferred stealing wyreth 's whenever he could . 
 because he was big and well-fed , zilthss slept in one of the best spots and his scales were a beautiful burnished copper . 
 all the females turned their heads when zilthss flew by , even out of mating season . 
 wyreth 's scales were an unremarkable dull metallic red . '' 
 several of the children stole a glance at the shiny red scales behind astrid . 
 `` because he was quick and smart , wyreth usually dragged his kill into the dense brush , where the other dragons would n't easily fit and gulped down as much as he could before they powered their way through to steal his meat . 
 bolting his food like that gave wyreth indigestion , but it was better than starving . 
 `` now , at the time of this story , wyreth had had a particularly bad week . 
 mating season was about to begin and the male dragons were even more belligerent than usual . 
 zilthss had trailed wyreth around like a hound on a scent and stolen everything he killed -- even the pitiful little rabbit -- before wyreth could get so much as a bite . 
 `` after losing the rabbit , wyreth flapped off feeling sorry for himself . 
 he had learned long ago that if he flew up the steep slopes of the cone-shaped mountain , the others would n't follow him . 
 there was nothing of interest there , certainly no game to hunt . 
 dragons are forest creatures and no trees grew on the glassy slopes of that mountain , but at the top there was a round , rocky valley where the stones themselves were warm , even at night . 
 since wyreth could n't get any of the warm , sunny sleeping spots in the rookery , he 'd taken to going up there . 
 the sun was strong , but the heat from the ground was stronger still , comforting . 
 `` that is , it was usually comforting , but not today , because wyreth 's stomach was so empty . 
 even the warm rocks and the sun on his spread-out wings could n't ease wyreth to sleep when his stomach growled so loudly . 
 in desperation , wyreth chewed on the yellow rocks . 
 the yellow ones were much softer than the shiny black ones ; a dragon could break his teeth on those . 
 some pieces of the yellow stones were small enough to swallow . 
 not exactly nourishing , but at least it filled up that hollow feeling inside for a while , though wyreth suspected that they would be the very devil to pass . 
 well , that was tomorrow 's problem . 
 wyreth stretched himself out on the heated rocks and slept . 
 `` he woke with a mighty belch . 
 that was n't unusual for wyreth . 
 what was unusual was the burst of blue flame that leapt from his mouth along with the burp . 
 wyreth back-winged in surprise . '' 
 several of the older boys laughed at this . 
 the younger ones giggled uncertainly . 
 the oldest boy tried a burp of his own , sending the little ones into gales of laughter . 
 astrid glanced up from her audience . 
 several of the men had looked over at the sound of laughter . 
 ranulf was looking in her direction , his hand on the table , not his drinking horn . 
 astrid smiled and went on with her story . 
 `` wyreth settled back down and sat very still , afraid of something even more strange and uncanny . 
 nothing like that had ever happened before . 
 it did n't happen again and after about an hour wyreth had just about convinced himself that he 'd still been dreaming , that there had been no flame . 
 he tried an experimental burp and emitted a jet of blue fire , smaller than the first , but still definitely fire . 
 oops , he thought . 
 not a dream , then . 
 a smaller burp followed the first and a still-smaller spurt of flame . 
 this one happened to touch one of the yellow rocks and it , too , burst into blue flame . 
 `` now , as i 've said , wyreth was a smart little dragon . 
 he did n't need the rock to actually hit him on the head to understand . 
 zilthss would still have been no wiser , but not wyreth . 
 his first reaction was to swear off chewing on rocks , but a moment later he started to think about how he could turn it to his advantage . 
 the flame had startled him ; it would have the same effect on other dragons . 
 wyreth 's stomach growled and he chewed on another yellow rock while he thought . 
 `` the day was getting late and whatever else they were good for , the yellow rocks were n't going to provide much in the way of nourishment . 
 so wyreth lifted off the valley floor and flew back down the mountain to hunt again before it got too dark . 
 `` wyreth was actually one of the best hunters among the dragons ; he just had n't been allowed to eat most of what he killed . 
 he soon had a fine stag and he was so hungry by now that he did n't even wait to drag his kill into the denser undergrowth . 
 just as he ripped open the stag 's belly , there was zilthss , trying to bully him off his kill . 
 but wyreth was n't going to allow that this time . 
 he turned his head towards zilthss and burped a mighty burp . 
 the gout of blue flame scorched zilthss 's beautiful copper scales along one side . 
 trumpeting in rage , zilthss veered off and alit on a rocky crag some distance off , watching . 
 wyreth turned back to his meal , very satisfied . 
 `` wyreth ate well after that and , as the other dragons learned about his new trick , he started to get the better sleeping places , too , but he was smart enough to know he had a problem . 
 this good fortune would only last as long as he was the only dragon to chew the yellow stones and burp fire . 
 he had to make sure that none of the other dragons learned the secret , because if the bigger dragons could also breathe fire , well , then , he 'd be right back where he started from , would n't he ? 
 `` every morning , wyreth would leave the rookery at first light . 
 he took different paths every day , often flying all the way around to the far side of the mountain before going in to the valley . 
 once or twice , at the full moon , he even sneaked away and went prospecting for his yellow rocks in the middle of the night . 
 it worked for a while , but of course , he could n't keep a secret like that forever . 
 `` naturally , it was zilthss who followed him up to the circular valley at the top of the mountain and saw wyreth eating rocks . 
 zilthss was bitter . 
 the sunny spot where wyreth slept now had been zilthss 's favorite and the scales along his side had not regained their beautiful coppery luster , with mating season almost upon them , too . 
 he hid behind a rocky crag and watched his egg brother chew the yellow rock and burp a small jet of flame . 
 `` zilthss was not the brightest of the dragons . 
 he reached for the nearest rock , which was black and shiny , and bit down on it . 
 one of his glistening white fangs broke right off . 
 zilthss bugled in outrage . 
 wyreth looked up and chuckled , little spurts of fire punctuating his laughter . 
 `` zilthss was n't bright , but he was n't a complete fool , either . 
 no dragon is . 
 the next rock he picked up was yellow and he swallowed it whole . 
 wyreth 's laughter cut off . 
 he watched zilthss warily . 
 zilthss appeared to be waiting for something , too , but nothing happened . 
 they watched each other as the sun rose steadily higher and still nothing happened . '' 
 astrid paused for effect . 
 the children were rapt , waiting to hear what happened next . 
 she stole a glance around the room . 
 so were at least half of the warriors . 
 `` finally , zilthss opened his mouth on an insignificant burp and a tiny spurt of flame followed . 
 zilthss grinned , crowing in delight , which produced another small jet of fire . 
 he spread his wings and dove on wyreth . 
 zilthss opened his mouth to roast his egg brother . 
 nothing happened . 
 wyreth burped out a great jet of flame that seared the scales on zilthss 's other side . 
 with a scream , zilthss wheeled and flew back towards the rookery . 
 `` wyreth thought he was in trouble , now . 
 but zilthss did n't return and none of the other dragons came , either . 
 had zilthss not told them the secret ? 
 or had they not believed him ? 
 `` the next day , the whole forest reverberated to zilthss 's cries as he passed the rock he had swallowed whole the day before . 
 wyreth could have told him that it was a little easier if you chewed them first . 
 that is , if he were going to tell zilthss anything at all . 
 after that , zilthss did n't show any desire to return to the valley or take up snacking on yellow rocks again . '' 
 the children all giggled at this . 
 astrid heard one or two guffaws from the men in the great hall , too . 
 she smiled and prepared to continue her story . 
 she needed to tell this next part carefully . 
 she did n't want to lose the children 's attention , but this would resonate well with the men who were her real audience . 
 it was a delicate balance , and all their lives might depend on her getting it right . 
 `` wyreth was still the only dragon that could breathe fire and he kept his new position as mating season started . 
 the rookery was on the southern slopes of a mountain . 
 not the yellow-rock mountain , but another one nearby . 
 the valley floor and the nooks and ledges in the rocky mountainside above it were exposed to the sun most of the day , just the way the dragons liked it . 
 along one side , a high rocky ridge ran down the side of the mountain , from near the summit almost to the forest floor below . 
 now that mating season was about to begin , the males took up positions on that ridge , the best and strongest near the summit and the weaker ones down near the bottom , each displaying for the females . 
 `` this year , wyreth was n't the last male waiting hopelessly far down on the slopes . 
 his position was much higher , among the most successful males , above even zilthss . 
 as the sun rose to midmorning , the first female rose up from the rookery and soared around the slopes , eyeing the assembled males . 
 they all spread their wings , raised the spiny crest on their heads , and puffed out their throats to show themselves off to best advantage . 
 the female dipped her wing to wyreth . 
 `` at first , wyreth was almost too startled to react . 
 him ? 
 a female was choosing him ? 
 but he was a male after all and his instincts took over . 
 he leapt into the air to follow her . 
 it was a little awkward at first , since she was bigger than he was . 
 he had no experience at this , but he was quick and intelligent and he figured it out pretty fast . '' 
 there were several deep-throated chuckles from the main hall at this . 
 she had them all , now . 
 all eyes were turned to the corner where astrid sat with the children . 
 the problem would be to keep from losing the children 's interest . 
 some of the older boys giggled nervously . 
 the older girls blushed and looked down . 
 the youngest made a face of disgust . 
 `` only a half dozen females rose to mate on that first day of the mating season , but the males remained in their positions , waiting . 
 the other males began to rustle their wings and clack their teeth in resentment as female after female dipped her wing to wyreth . 
 wyreth had plenty of time to think as he rested between matings with his wings spread to the sun . 
 `` he knew that he would probably have to pay in some way . 
 the other males were much too angry to just let him get away with this . 
 not that he was going to let that stop him . 
 who knew if he 'd ever have this chance again ? 
 the yellow rock might not hold out for another mating season or zilthss and the others might figure out how to use it . 
 `` he 'd need to make sure he got to the mountain for some of his yellow rocks every night . 
 that was going to be difficult , because he needed to hunt , too , to keep his strength up . 
 `` the last female dragon rose late in the day . 
 when wyreth gave her a final caress of his long neck along her shoulder , he turned towards the cone-shaped mountain . 
 between him and the mountain , however , were a dozen male dragons , zilthss and his friends , flying in lazy circles . 
 one glance was enough to tell wyreth that it was death to try to go that way , so he turned his head and flew in the other direction . 
 several of the other males swooped along to follow him , making sure he got nowhere near his mountain . 
 `` wyreth hunted instead . 
 and , as he chewed on the tender young piglet he caught , he tried to think what he could do . 
 that night , wyreth waited until late , when the moon was high . 
 it was n't much of a moon , but dragons can see in the dark . 
 they just do n't really like flying at night . 
 while all the other dragons slept , wyreth flew to his mountain . 
 he ate several of the smaller yellow rocks to be ready for the next day . 
 `` the larger rocks he picked up , four at a time -- one in each taloned foot -- and carried them to a new spot , far down the mountain , hidden in some of the densest undergrowth , where the larger dragons could n't go . 
 then he went back to the rookery to get some much-needed sleep . 
 `` the next morning , zilthss challenged him for his place on the mountain ridge . 
 a small spurt of blue flame discouraged him , though . 
 that day , wyreth flew off as the afternoon began to wane . 
 it was not that late . 
 it was possible that another female would rise yet that day , so the other males held their positions while wyreth flew to the cone-shaped mountain and then hunted in peace . 
 but that night , late , wyreth woke and flew back to the circular valley and carried four more large yellow rocks into another hiding place in the forest . 
 `` wyreth continued that while he could , through the first week of the mating season , before things just got too challenging . 
 males rarely left their positions , even to hunt , once the mating season was in full swing , especially not those in high demand with the females . 
 with all those females requiring his attention , wyreth found it harder and harder to get away and renew his supply of yellow rock . 
 when he did leave the mating ground , he needed to hunt . 
 and then he slept like a rock himself . 
 right then that seemed more important . 
 he was n't being called on to breathe fire , anyway , but he did need to keep up his strength . '' 
 this got another chuckle from the men and astrid continued , trying to keep the smile from her voice . 
 `` as the mating season drew to an end , wyreth flew off to hunt . 
 he was very hungry and very tired so he was glad to find an old doe that could n't run very fast . 
 zilthss flew in to try to bully him again , like he used to . 
 with a bored expression , wyreth opened his mouth , belched , and nothing happened . 
 uh oh . 
 it had been too long since he had gone to find some of his yellow rock . 
 `` zilthss trumpeted in triumph and dove on wyreth . 
 his only hope now was speed . 
 wyreth wheeled , but zilthss 's call had attracted other dragons , males who had been frustrated through the mating season by wyreth 's success . 
 one of them blocked his path . 
 wyreth sped up to dart past him . 
 he had escaped other dragons like this in the past , but this time the big male caught just the tip of wyreth 's wing and swung him around . 
 wyreth wrenched free , but not before he had been turned back towards zilthss . 
 `` he dove , trying to get into the cover of the trees , where his size would save him . 
 zilthss 's talons caught wyreth 's wing , shredding the delicate membrane . 
 wyreth bugled in fear as his dive became a fall , but , before he fell onto the tops of the trees , zilthss caught hold of his tail . 
 the other dragons were closing in . 
 wyreth had to do something , and fast . 
 as zilthss lifted his head to roar again , wyreth twisted himself around and bit zilthss foot where it grasped his tail . 
 zilthss 's roar became a scream and he dropped wyreth , who fell crashing through the trees to the forest floor . 
 `` he barely had time to pull his wings back . 
 the damaged membrane snagged on a tree branch , twisting his wing painfully . 
 wyreth heard something snap and felt the tip of that wing go limp . 
 zilthss 's talons had ripped through the spear-shaped tip of his tail , leaving it forked . 
 wyreth landed , on his head , but otherwise in one piece in one of the denser parts of the forest . 
 he resisted the urge to bugle his agony . 
 the trees were not so close together that the bigger dragons could n't get to him . 
 `` as soon as wyreth 's head cleared a little , he recognized where he was . 
 one of his secret caches of yellow rock was not far away . 
 his wing was damaged , but his feet worked fine , so wyreth set off towards his hiding place on foot . 
 he chewed one of his yellow rocks and then started walking back to where he had been forced to leave his kill . 
 there might be nothing left of it now , but wyreth was hungry and hunting was going to be more difficult until his wing healed . 
 `` wyreth could barely believe his eyes . 
 the doe lay right where he 'd left her , untouched . 
 he looked up and understood why . 
 zilthss and another dragon were fighting over possession of the kill . 
 wyreth walked stealthily out into the clearing and began dragging the doe into the underbrush , as he used to do . 
 zilthss spotted the movement and dove at wyreth 's head . 
 wyreth waited until the last minute and then belched a huge burst of flame that completely enveloped zilthss . 
 zilthss shrieked , his own wings burning , and crashed into the trees . 
 he fell and lay limp and smoldering on the forest floor . 
 wyreth looked up for another threat , but the other dragon wheeled and flew away . 
 wyreth lowered his head and tore into the belly of the doe , feeding at last . '' 
 cheers broke from her audience . 
 the children cheered for a small dragon who had defeated a bully . 
 but astrid knew that the men cheered for a warrior who had triumphed despite the odds against him , a warrior who had risen from certain defeat to victory . 
 that was what the gods had wanted them to hear and to cheer for . 
 `` what happened next , lady astrid ? '' 
 the oldest boy asked . 
 `` what happened to wyreth with his injured wing ? '' 
 `` well , wyreth 's wing was too badly damaged for him to fly , so he had to stay behind when the dragons dispersed . 
 male dragons only stay near the rookery during mating season and right before . 
 after mating season ends , they fly off to other parts of the forest , leaving only the females to lay and care for the eggs . 
 but wyreth had to stay , too , because he could n't fly . 
 `` as long as he was there , wyreth helped the females to care for the eggs , turning them and spreading his wings to shade them during the hottest part of the day . 
 as the membrane of his wing healed , he started trying to fly again . 
 it was n't easy , because the tip of that wing was crooked and he did n't have proper feeling in it , but he learned to use the air currents around the mountain to help him . 
 every morning he would climb up the steep slopes of the ridge to a ledge not far from his perch and wait for the warm air to rise from the valley below . 
 then he would let the air currents help him as he labored into flight with his damaged wing . 
 he would never be as fast or as agile as he had once been , but he could fly and he could hunt . 
 `` zilthss could n't fly either , of course , but he hung around and tried to steal food from the hunting females until they banded together and drove him away . 
 he was never seen at the rookery again . 
 `` as the eggs hatched , wyreth continued to help care for the dragonets . 
 the females were so surprised to have a male helping that none of them complained when he gave a little more attention to the ones with red scales and bright , inquisitive eyes . 
 `` when the dragonets had grown large enough to take care of themselves , the females left the rookery , too . 
 only wyreth stayed . 
 his wing was not strong enough for him to fly a long distance . 
 instead , he taught the dragonets , many of whom were his sons and daughters , to fly and to hunt . 
 most years , less than half of the dragonets survive after the females leave them , but this year , with wyreth to guide and teach them , almost four-fifths lived . 
 `` and wyreth also taught those that had the knack to find and chew the yellow rock . 
 nearly all the red-scaled dragonets could breathe fire and a few of the others , too . 
 `` twenty years later , when the dragons gathered again for the next mating season , wyreth was still there . 
 everywhere he went , he was accompanied by at least a dozen fierce young dragons , like an honor guard and all of them could breathe fire . '' 
 the children sighed with relief at the happy ending . 
 the youngest , in astrid 's lap , was already nodding off . 
 `` and now , i think it 's time you all should be in bed , '' she said to the children . 
 they thanked her for the story and turned towards their pallets in the kitchen , where the embers of the cook fires would keep them warm through the night . 
 astrid looked up . 
 the men were smiling , too and rising from the table to seek their own beds . 
 tomorrow , they would do battle against an enemy that outnumbered them two to one , but they would fight . 
 she had given them the heart to fight and perhaps win . 
 as she passed the dais , ranulf spoke to her . 
 `` that 's a powerful gift you have . '' 
 astrid smiled . 
 `` i only told the story the gods gave me . '' 
 `` then the gods will grant us victory tomorrow ? '' 
 astrid shook her head . 
 `` i have the gift of stories , not of prophecy . 
 i do not pretend to know the gods ' will , only the story they wanted you to hear . '' 
 ranulf looked disappointed for a moment , then he nodded . 
 `` so . 
 it is message enough for a strong heart . 
 we will fight tomorrow and we will win . '' 
 `` i believe you , '' astrid said , smiling . 
 she stepped quietly back into the chamber behind the great hall . 
 her father would expect astrid to report on the mood of his men . 
 she 'd been gone longer than she intended , but now she could tell him the truth without regret . 
 the wise woman looked up from father 's bedside . 
 `` he has been calling for you , my lady . '' 
 astrid nodded . 
 `` leave us . '' 
 she took the seat that the older woman had vacated and took her father 's clammy hand . 
 his eyes opened . 
 `` you were gone a long time . 
 well , what is their mood ? '' 
 his voice was weak . 
 `` the men were dispirited . 
 the gods gave me the story that they needed to hear . '' 
 `` and now ? '' 
 `` ranulf will lead them . 
 they will fight . '' 
 `` thank the gods you inherited your grandfather 's gift with a tale . 
 do n't be afraid . 
 the men who came with me to conquer this new land are the best our homeland had to offer . 
 if they fight , they will win . '' 
 he tried to smile . 
 `` maybe you should prepare a story for the victory feast . '' 
 astrid tried hard to smile back . 
 the touch of the gods did not feel so warm this time , or maybe the chill was in her heart . 
 her calling was n't always easy , but the gods had given her another story to tell this night , a much more difficult story for an audience of one . 
 she fought to keep the unshed tears from her voice . 
 `` when the time comes , the gods will let me know what the right story is . 
 now , i have another story to tell , about the death of culran and how he fought his way into valhalla and the arms of his true love again . '' 
 her father smiled . 
 `` that will be a good story . '' 
 the end ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ bonus material chapters 1 -- 12 of the bard 's gift ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ chapter 1 : starvation astrid leaned into the freezing wind , staggering down the beach hunting for driftwood to feed their meager fire . 
 she kept one eye open for anything edible . 
 the gale felt like needles of ice penetrating even the thick white bear pelt she wore as a cloak . 
 the wind swept up the fjord straight off the icy sea , funneled by the steep hills on either side . 
 astrid paused to take shelter for a few moments under a rock overhang that blocked the gusts . 
 with nothing to hunt for , she let her mind drift , retelling to herself some of the stories her grandmother used to tell her . 
 it was almost as good as sleep to take her mind off her hunger and keep her company . 
 from her shelter , she could see one of the many islets in the fjord , one that would be a seal rookery later in the year . 
 that made her think of the stories about selkies , sea creatures that could shed their skins and take human form once a year . 
 she pictured them dancing down there on the beach , as the stories described . 
 in her mind , the leader looked a lot like tall , red-blond torolf . 
 the stories said that if a human stole the seal skin while its owner was in human form , the selkie could be compelled to stay on land as the wife -- or , she supposed , husband -- of the thief . 
 pity the stories always ended with the selkie finding the stolen skin and returning to the sea . 
 she sighed . 
 if it were only that easy . 
 why would torolf ever give her a second glance if she could never manage to say a complete , coherent sentence in front of him ? 
 well , torolf was n't going to magically appear on the beach . 
 she might as well continue her search . 
 she had to go farther and farther afield to find anything these days . 
 the force of the wind doubled as she rounded the headland , almost knocking astrid backward . 
 an overpowering stench assaulted her nostrils . 
 she looked up , seeking the source . 
 the massive grey shape in the shallows was not a rock ; it was a beached whale . 
 food for weeks . 
 maybe even enough to get them through until the ships could get out of the fjord again . 
 she dropped her few sticks of driftwood , picked up her skirts and ran back for the longhouse . 
 it would take every hand to harvest this windfall . 
 no one would mind because they 'd all have full bellies tonight for the first time in over a month . 
 astrid slowed down as she reached the last long slope that led up to the sod-covered longhouse . 
 she looked to see if her father was out in the fields somewhere close by . 
 she 'd much rather take this news to her father or one of his men than go up to the longhouse , where she 'd have to deal with helga . 
 she saw no sign of her father , but she spotted ranulf , one of father 's men , down by the shore , inspecting the ships for winter damage . 
 he could get the men organized to butcher the beached whale better than helga could anyway and he would n't complain about how she 'd found it . 
 she took another quick look around before starting down to the beach . 
 torolf was ranulf 's son and might be nearby . 
 it was a close call whether she 'd rather listen to helga 's tirade or get tongue-tied and stammer in front of torolf . 
 she blew out her breath . 
 no sign of torolf . 
 the path here hugged the outside of the homefield wall , marking the divide between the grassy hills above and the rock-strewn sands sloping down to the waters of the fjord . 
 astrid gathered momentum as she sprinted down to the boats , arriving out of breath . 
 `` ranulf -- '' ranulf turned toward her . 
 `` astrid ! 
 girl , you look about frozen . '' 
 astrid drew a few deep breaths . 
 `` there 's a beached whale up around the headland . '' 
 `` whale ? '' 
 torolf popped up from the other side of the nearest knarr . 
 astrid felt her face flush hot . 
 she looked down at her toes to hide it . 
 she 'd heard helga 's opinion of her unladylike behavior often enough . 
 now what would torolf think of her ? 
 nothing good . 
 `` where did you say ? '' 
 ranulf asked . 
 astrid swallowed twice and still could n't find her voice , so she raised her arm and pointed back the way she 'd come . 
 `` come on , boy . 
 let 's gather some help and bring home the meat . '' 
 astrid watched ranulf and torolf as they climbed up to the path and sighed . 
 why could n't she ever just talk to torolf ? 
 why did she always have to act like an idiot when he was around ? 
 just once she 'd like to act like a grownup woman around him . 
 she was sixteen , not six , but you sure could n't prove it when torolf was nearby . 
 ~ helga thrust a platter of whale meat into astrid 's hands . 
 `` here . 
 if you like to walk so much , you can take this down to the far end of the table . '' 
 astrid looked down to the end of the table and gulped . 
 that 's where torolf was sitting . 
 `` no -- '' helga placed her hands on her bony hips . 
 `` think you 're special girl ? 
 we 're all busy here . 
 get moving . 
 and try not to spill it . '' 
 now , that was n't fair . 
 gerda was the clumsy one . 
 astrid could keep her footing on an icy slope without dropping her burden . 
 not that that ever stopped helga from blaming astrid for anything that went wrong anyway . 
 she braced herself and walked down the wide bench behind the men and boys to the far end . 
 without meeting anyone 's eyes , she deposited the platter and started back down along the long trestle table to her usual place on the cross bench . 
 gerda would have flirted with the young men . 
 astrid was just glad she had n't made a fool of herself . 
 `` come sit by me , luck-bringer , '' father said . 
 astrid stopped to see who was being called to the place of honor . 
 if someone else was taking aric 's place tonight there could be trouble tomorrow . 
 her father smiled at her and gestured to his left side , where her mother used to sit . 
 astrid felt her face flush as all eyes watched her walk up to the center of the table . 
 father raised his drinking horn . 
 `` a toast to astrid haakonsdottir , luck-bringer . '' 
 astrid felt her face go even redder and looked down at her hands , clasped tightly in her lap . 
 why did father have to invite everyone to stare at her like that ? 
 she tried to resist hunching to make herself smaller . 
 `` hold up your head , daughter , '' father said . 
 `` it was your luck and effort that provided tonight 's feast . '' 
 astrid ate in silence , intimidated by the conversation going on around her . 
 she was n't used to sitting in the center of the room , surrounded by father 's armed supporters . 
 down the table in her usual place , the talk would have been about the work to be done the next day and sometimes about the young men seated far enough away that they could n't overhear . 
 her father and his thingmenn talked about larger and more serious subjects . 
 the timing and chances of the next trading ship to try for iceland , mainly . 
 things astrid knew nothing at all about . 
 she glanced down the table to where her friends sat and caught gerda 's eye . 
 gerda smiled back at her , cocking one eyebrow in unspoken question . 
 astrid shrugged . 
 `` you 're quiet tonight , astrid , '' father said . 
 astrid turned to him , spinning her drinking cup in her hand . 
 `` i do n't know enough about these subjects to comment . '' 
 that was true . 
 it was also true that she would never dare offer an opinion in front of these stern and powerful men . 
 `` ah , well . 
 that 's my fault . 
 i should have had you up here before this , only you seemed to enjoy yourself with the other girls . 
 now , i 'll have lost my chance . '' 
 astrid almost spilled her cup . 
 `` what ? 
 why ? '' 
 father stared down at his empty hands and his voice , when he answered , was flat . 
 `` it 's been in my mind to send you back to iceland with the next ship . 
 things are only getting worse , here . 
 your mother 's people will take you in . 
 you would n't be the daughter of a chieftain , but at least you 'd have enough to eat . '' 
 `` surely you 're not thinking of sending your only daughter back to iceland as a pauper , '' valborg , one of the oldest of father 's men said . 
 `` the voyage alone is much too dangerous . 
 only one ship in three gets through , now . '' 
 aric , sitting at father 's right hand , chewed his lip and stared into his drinking cup . 
 `` risk all on one throw or wait here and hope . 
 i can always bring her back home if things improve , '' father answered . 
 `` ranulf is my best captain . 
 when will there be a better chance ? '' 
 `` the land spirits have forsaken us here , '' ranulf said . 
 `` i plan to take torolf back with me , too . '' 
 astrid 's head was spinning . 
 greenland was all she 'd ever known . 
 the thought of leaving her home , family , and friends made her stomach clench . 
 though her mother came from there , astrid had never been to iceland . 
 then again , not to be on the edge of starvation every winter would be wonderful . 
 on the other hand , ranulf had just said that he was taking torolf with him . 
 astrid cast a shy glance down the table toward the tall youth . 
 torolf 's reddish hair made him easy to spot among the other young men . 
 he was looking the other way , so she let herself smile . 
 maybe ... if they took ship together ... someone down at torolf 's end of the table nudged his arm and pointed . 
 astrid had to look down quickly before he caught her staring at him . 
 `` i confess , with both my son and your daughter on board , i 'd give a lot for the word of the volva on the success of this trip , '' ranulf said . 
 `` go on wishing . 
 the seeress 's ritual is too costly , after the winter we 've had , '' aric said . 
 father chewed thoughtfully . 
 `` such precious cargo is worth a few extra precautions . '' 
 he patted aric 's shoulder . 
 `` besides , we do n't have to ask just one question of the volva . 
 it would be good to know when these harsh winters will end . 
 all of us could make better plans with that information . '' 
 father nodded . 
 `` we 'll ask the volva to come back with us when we go down to brattahlid for the althing . '' 
 he nudged aric 's arm . 
 `` with that assurance , you might choose to send one of your sons along , too , eh ? '' 
 `` my sons have been fostered at brattahlid to prepare them to do well here in greenland . 
 that education would do them no good in iceland , '' aric said . 
 astrid did n't listen to the rest of the conversation . 
 instead she let her mind wander into the exciting possibilities ahead . 
 this voyage would start in the same way as so many of the sagas . 
 that seemed like a very hopeful sign . 
 she sneaked one more glance down the table at torolf . 
 very hopeful . 
 ~ after the leftover food had been carefully stored and the trestle table disassembled and put up in the rafters , astrid stepped out into the icy night for a last trip to the privy before bed . 
 not surprisingly , gerda followed her . 
 `` so , besides celebrating you finding the whale , why did your father want you up at the high seat tonight ? '' 
 gerda asked . 
 astrid smiled . 
 she 'd known gerda was being eaten alive with curiosity all through supper . 
 anyway , she wanted to talk about this with her best friend . 
 `` he 's going to send me to iceland with ranulf . '' 
 `` iceland ? '' 
 `` back to my mother 's people . 
 i do n't know any of them . '' 
 `` but they 're still your family . '' 
 there was a slightly wistful tone to gerda 's voice . 
 `` so , why were you spending so much time staring down the table at torolf ? 
 i 'm surprised he did n't feel your stare burning into him . '' 
 astrid blushed . 
 `` ranulf said he 's taking torolf to iceland , too . '' 
 gerda 's smile took on a dreamy look . 
 `` hmm . 
 a long , cozy sea voyage . 
 and then , you 'll each be the only person the other one knows in iceland . 
 i see possibilities . '' 
 astrid blushed deeper and looked down . 
 `` what 's wrong ? 
 you like him . 
 i know you do . '' 
 `` i 'd feel better about it if i could manage to talk to him -- or even just in front of him . '' 
 gerda burst out laughing . 
 `` whatever makes you think that talking is what a young man wants from a girl ? '' 
 `` gerda ! '' 
 `` what ? 
 i 'm not a chieftain 's daughter . 
 i wo n't even have a dowry . 
 if i 'm going to get some man with a farm of his own to marry me , it 'll have to be because he likes me well enough to overlook that . '' 
 gerda was silent for a moment . 
 `` do you think you could talk your father into sending me to iceland with you ? 
 maybe to keep you company ? '' 
 `` you 'd want to leave greenland ? '' 
 gerda shrugged . 
 `` what 's in greenland for me ? 
 i do n't have home or family here . 
 the life of a servant girl is pretty much the same everywhere , but there are more men and more farms in iceland . '' 
 `` i 'll ask him . 
 there 's plenty of time . 
 ranulf wo n't sail until after the althing . 
 and then father 's planning to bring the volva back to prophesy about the success of the voyage . '' 
 `` the volva 's coming here ? 
 why did n't you say so ? 
 ooh . 
 i have to think about what question to ask her . '' 
 astrid laughed . 
 `` i thought there was only one question . '' 
 `` who 'm i going to marry ? 
 of course . 
 but it 's more than just the question . 
 it 's how you ask it , too , you know . '' 
 ~ astrid made her way down the long center aisle of the longhouse to her place on the wide bench . 
 she pulled her straw pallet , blankets , and the white bear pelt out from the storage space beneath the bench , and wrapped herself up to sleep . 
 warm and full , astrid drifted quickly into sleep and into a dream . 
 in her dream she stood on a headland , the wind off the ocean blowing her hair back from her face . 
 but this wind was cool , not icy . 
 she turned landward to see a broad grassy land . 
 hilly , but much less steep than anything she 'd seen in greenland . 
 there were even a few clusters of trees . 
 it certainly was n't any place she knew , although she could see the long hummocks of several longhouses down below . 
 a strange bird with a long naked tail and colorful wings circled high above . 
 a young man walked up the slope toward her , carrying a drinking horn . 
 torolf ? 
 her heart did a little flip in her chest . 
 astrid started to look down out of sheer habit , but realized to her delight that her dream self was n't blushing . 
 the thought of talking to torolf did n't scare her , either . 
 if only she could feel this way when she was n't dreaming . 
 her eyes narrowed as she watched the young man approach . 
 yes , he looked like torolf , but also not . 
 his face was n't end-of-winter pale and gaunt . 
 his cheeks were full and ruddy and his eyes sparkled in a way she 'd never seen torolf 's do . 
 not that she 'd met torolf 's eyes that often . 
 there was something else about him , though . 
 it took her a moment to recognize it . 
 the way he held his body , his gait as he strode forward , were not at all like torolf . 
 neither was the smile he gave her as he stopped just a few feet away . 
 `` you 're not torolf , '' she said . 
 the man smiled . 
 `` no . 
 though this form seems pleasing to you . '' 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 `` i am called braggi . '' 
 the name was familiar , but astrid could n't quite place where she 'd heard it before . 
 he pressed the cup into astrid 's hands . 
 `` drink . '' 
 the sweet smell of fermented mead rose to her nostrils . 
 astrid shook her head . 
 `` i do n't drink mead . '' 
 `` this is a very special brew . 
 drink it , astrid . '' 
 astrid wrinkled her nose . 
 she did n't like mead , or , more properly , she did n't like how mead made her feel . 
 `` no , thank you . '' 
 braggi 's eyes almost seemed to glow . 
 `` i insist . '' 
 she tried to push the cup back toward braggi , but found that her arms would n't move in that direction . 
 every attempt to push the cup away from her only resulted in bringing it closer to her lips . 
 braggi 's eyes seemed to bore into her . 
 her arm trembled , but the liquid did n't spill . 
 astrid tried to turn her head away , but that did n't work either . 
 instead , her face lowered to the cup until her lips touched the rim . 
 her heart hammered in her chest . 
 there was no way she was going to escape drinking this , whatever it was . 
 `` do n't fight it so hard , astrid , '' braggi said . 
 `` you 've wanted this . 
 it will give you the ability to speak -- yes , even to torolf . 
 it 's also for the good of your people . 
 you must trust me on this . '' 
 trust was about the last thing astrid felt . 
 everything she tried to do ended up as something else , as the very thing she was fighting against . 
 she could feel sweat popping out on her upper lip . 
 she clenched her jaw , but none of her muscles seemed to be obeying her . 
 instead of locking her mouth shut , the effort caused her lips to part . 
 the sweet smell of the mead filled her nose . 
 she could feel the liquid against her teeth . 
 braggi put a hand to the bottom of the cup and tipped it upward , so the liquid filled her mouth . 
 she would not swallow . 
 she would n't . 
 she tried to spit the mead back out and once again her body did the opposite of what she intended . 
 she swallowed and felt the liquid burn as it slid down her throat . 
 all at once , the spell or whatever it had been was broken . 
 astrid 's legs folded beneath her and she crumpled to the ground . 
 she threw the cup away from her , but braggi caught it , holding it reverently . 
 `` careful , astrid . 
 there 'll be no more of this brew until the end of the world . 
 it would n't do to spill it . '' 
 he raised the cup above his head and another hand reached down from somewhere else to take it from him . 
 whatever the drink was , it was different than anything she 'd tasted before . 
 unlike mead , this seemed to make her mind clearer , not muddled . 
 her body , now that it was hers again , seemed to pulse with life . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 braggi smiled and offered her a hand to help her stand up . 
 `` that , astrid , was the mead of poetry . 
 and now you will become the bard of your people . 
 their guide to a new and better life . '' 
 `` me ? 
 i 'm no bard . '' 
 the thought of trying to sing or speak or tell a story in front of anyone made her feel slightly queasy , even in her dream . 
 `` you are now . 
 when the time is right , you will know the stories your people need to hear . '' 
 she was still shaking , but she pulled her chin up in an attempt at defiance . 
 `` and what if i do n't want to tell these stories ? '' 
 braggi shook his head . 
 `` oh , astrid . 
 there 's more of your father in you than i allowed for . 
 you may fight us , but you ca n't expect to win . 
 in time , you 'll realize that what we do here is for your good and the good of your people . 
 then , maybe , you 'll accept the gift we offer with better grace . '' 
 although the sky was clear and there was no hint of recent rain , a rainbow appeared behind braggi . 
 he turned and stepped onto it as if it were a bridge to another world . 
 astrid woke with her heart thundering so loud she thought it should wake gerda curled up beside her . 
 the longhouse was still quiet , filled with the breathing and snores of sleeping people . 
 no one was awake but her . 
 maybe that was a good thing . 
 she did n't think she wanted to discuss that dream with anyone else -- at least , not yet . 
 who would she tell , anyway ? 
 certainly not helga . 
 not father , either . 
 and gerda would be useless . 
 she interpreted every dream as a sign of who you were going to marry . 
 very one-track mind , gerda 's . 
 as quietly as possible , astrid sat up . 
 wrapping her white bear pelt around her , she tiptoed down the center aisle to the smaller chamber at the end of the longhouse . 
 this was usually the women 's work room during the day and so a place to be avoided because helga would certainly be there . 
 it was empty now . 
 a place where astrid could be alone and think until she was ready to try to go back to sleep . 
 in here , she could pace without disturbing anyone else . 
 if she could n't tell anyone about her dream , then it was up to her to try to unravel its meaning . 
 the last image , of braggi walking up on the rainbow seemed a safe place to start . 
 every time her grandmother had seen a rainbow , she 'd told astrid that it was bifrost , the bridge between earth and asgard , where the gods lived . 
 astrid 's knees almost buckled . 
 braggi , of course . 
 the god of eloquence and poetry . 
 not one of those gods her father commonly prayed to , but ... another story drifted through her mind . 
 she 'd always turned to her stories in times of stress or loneliness , but she did n't think this was one of the ones grandmother had told her . 
 the mead of poetry was made by mixing the blood of kvasir , wisest of all the gods , with honey . 
 the dwarves who 'd killed kvasir for this purpose , then gave the mead to a giant in blood payment for the slaying of the giant 's parents . 
 odin himself , had retrieved the mead for the sole use of the gods by tricking the giant 's daughter into giving him three sips . 
 three sips were enough for odin to drain it all . 
 then odin changed himself into a giant eagle and flew back to asgard with the mead . 
 she must have heard the story from her grandmother . 
 where else could it have come from ? 
 but ... why should she dream about the story in such a frightening way ? 
 there was some meaning to it , surely , but astrid could n't figure it out . 
 she had a feeling that this dream was going to haunt her until she did . 
 wait . 
 father had said he was going to bring the volva here . 
 who better to interpret a strange dream ? 
 astrid let out a long sigh . 
 she felt her heartbeat slow for the first time since she woke up . 
 it was a huge relief just to have a plan . 
 chapter 2 : new world braggi turned slowly in place , taking in the beauty of his surroundings . 
 he breathed in the smells of pine , earth , and water . 
 plenty of trees from which to build longhouses and ships -- and fires to warm his people through the winter . 
 a complete contrast to the steep , winter-ravaged slopes of greenland . 
 the great river was in some ways not unlike a very long , narrow fjord , but no great ice floes would block navigation for months or longer . 
 the islands in the river would naturally contain the herds of sheep and cattle until fences could be built . 
 this place was a perfect new home for his people , if they could secure it . 
 he 'd chosen his messengers among them and done what he could to set astrid along the path the gods had chosen for her . 
 now he needed to prepare the way , here . 
 that might not be as easy , which was why the other gods had chosen him -- and his gift with words -- for the job . 
 a shadow passed over him and he looked up . 
 a huge bird-like form circled above him . 
 its wings were banded with colors reminiscent of bifrost , the bridge from asgard to earth , but its long , naked tail reminded him more of the dragon , fafnir . 
 so this was a thunderbird . 
 braggi composed himself as the bird , several times his own size , dove toward him , pulled up , and landed a few feet away . 
 the beak opened , showing a human face inside . 
 the feathered hide folded like a cape to reveal a human form . 
 finally , the man removed the bird 's head as if it were a hood . 
 the man stood before him , holding the bird 's head under one arm like a helmet . 
 he was tall , lean , and dark -- dark skinned , dark-haired , and dark-eyed . 
 very different from braggi 's own tall , massive , and blond people . 
 braggi nodded in greeting . 
 `` wakiya ? '' 
 the man nodded . 
 `` i am . 
 and you are braggi ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` you asked for this meeting . 
 what is it you want of us ? '' 
 wakiya asked . 
 braggi drew a deep breath . 
 `` i seek a place of safety where our people may thrive and outlast the coming cold . '' 
 wakiya 's eyebrows rose . 
 `` the cold will come here , too . 
 what 's wrong with their own place ? '' 
 braggi made a negating gesture with his hand . 
 `` they 'll starve if they stay where they are . '' 
 wakiya narrowed his eyes and looked into the east . 
 `` some of my people are in that place , too . 
 if they can survive its challenges , why not yours ? '' 
 `` our people have different ways than yours . 
 the animals they depend on will die and then so will they . '' 
 wakiya turned to glare at braggi . 
 `` why must they come here ? 
 can they not return to their places of origin ? '' 
 braggi shook his head . 
 `` these few are the last that are ours . 
 everywhere else , their kin have turned to the new god . 
 they remember us only as figures in folklore . 
 haakon is almost the last who remembers the old worship -- our worship . 
 his people must survive . '' 
 wakiya paced a few steps . 
 `` i sympathize with your plight , but i must concern myself with my own people . 
 yours have come here to settle before -- and killed mine before they were driven out . 
 how would this time be different ? '' 
 that was the trouble . 
 rich as this land was , his people had never had a chance to really establish themselves here before the more numerous skraelings had driven them off . 
 his greenlanders were great fighters . 
 if they could just get a foothold , they 'd soon be secure against any attack . 
 but , of course , braggi could n't say that . 
 he needed to soothe wakiya 's fears , not intensify them . 
 `` that was generations ago . 
 they have come and gone in peace since then . 
 they trade now with those of your people who live near them , mostly in peace . '' 
 wakiya 's mouth twisted into a sneer . 
 `` mostly ? '' 
 braggi held out his hands , palm outward , in a placating gesture . 
 `` even brothers may have disagreements . 
 it is not reasonable to expect men of any kind to always get along perfectly . '' 
 `` yours less than most . '' 
 wakiya drew in a deep breath then nodded . 
 `` i will let them come . 
 but they must prove themselves and their good intentions to me or i will drive them back without mercy . '' 
 braggi smiled . 
 `` leave that to me . 
 the messenger i have chosen this time is no warrior . '' 
 wakiya lifted the bird 's head over his own . 
 `` you 'd better be right . 
 i will be watching them . '' 
 chapter 3 : telling stories astrid returned home with an armload of driftwood , pushing her bearskin back in the unusual warmth of the day . 
 the first day that felt like spring was finally about to arrive . 
 she left the wood by the door of the fire hall and stopped to stretch her back . 
 the farm seemed unusually quiet . 
 on a day like this , there should be boys playing noisy ball games and the young girls laughing and arguing over board games , but there did n't seem to be any children about the farm at all . 
 that was n't right . 
 she walked around and found the settlement 's few children clustered in a silent knot against the far wall of the longhouse . 
 `` i 'd think you 'd be out playing today . '' 
 `` helga told us to be quiet . 
 canute 's mother has been brought to bed . '' 
 `` ah . '' 
 canute was one of the youngest boys , about the same age astrid had been when her mother died . 
 her mother had died of fever , not in childbirth , but she knew how canute felt too well . 
 in spite of her own feelings , she tried to offer some reassurance . 
 `` well , helga has a lot of experience with these things . '' 
 half a dozen solemn faces looked back at her . 
 astrid reached into the pocket of her apron . 
 she 'd been lucky that afternoon to find a handful of crowberries that had somehow been missed in last autumn 's harvest . 
 astrid pulled out the purple-black berries and doled them out to the children as a treat . 
 astrid was suddenly reminded of a story about the birth of an elf-child . 
 the story had a grip on her mind that made it difficult to focus on anything else . 
 if she opened her mouth , she was sure the story would just spill out . 
 it reminded her disturbingly of the dream in which the harder she tried not to drink from the cup , the more irresistible it became . 
 a story would at least distract canute and the others . 
 they were only children , after all . 
 maybe it would n't be so bad to tell a story to them . 
 they were n't anything like father 's stern thingmenn . 
 it was n't even as scary as talking to torolf . 
 she could do this . 
 she let out her breath explosively . 
 `` did you know that the day a baby is born can be lucky ? 
 would you like me to tell you a story about that ? '' 
 the children all smiled and nodded . 
 astrid settled down in the midst of the group . 
 she squared her shoulders and swallowed down a knot of fear . 
 `` all right . 
 this story happened in iceland , not far from where my mother was born . 
 `` there was a servant girl on one of the farms there and she had just spent a season helping with the lambing . 
 when that was done , she started back to the longhouse when a strange little man appeared at her side and took hold of her arm . '' 
 the children gasped , getting wrapped up in the story . 
 astrid smiled . 
 this was n't as hard as she 'd thought . 
 `` the man started to drag the servant girl away from the farm . 
 naturally she resisted . 
 ` if you do n't come with me , all your good luck will turn to bad , ' the strange man hissed . 
 well , the servant girl had n't had much good luck in her life . 
 she certainly could n't afford to lose what little luck she had , so she went along with him over the hill and across a meadow to a farmhouse she had never seen before . 
 `` inside the longhouse , she found a woman in the midst of a difficult birth . '' 
 here , canute 's smile evaporated and he looked scared again , so astrid hurried on . 
 `` the servant girl went to the woman and placed her hands on the woman 's belly . 
 fresh from the lambing , the servant girl was able to tell just what the problem was and help the woman to give birth to a fine baby boy . 
 `` as soon as the child was born , the strange little man reappeared at the girl 's side and handed her a bottle of some liquid . 
 ` wash the babe 's eyes with this , ' he said . 
 ` but be careful not to get any in your own eyes . ' 
 `` the servant girl did as she was told , but she accidentally splashed some of the liquid on her hand without noticing it . 
 when she reached up to push her hair back and then rub her eyes -- because by this time , she was very tired -- she rubbed a little of the liquid into her eyes , too . '' 
 astrid paused . 
 all the children sat in rapt attention . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 canute asked . 
 `` did she go blind ? '' 
 astrid smiled . 
 `` no . 
 quite the reverse . 
 when the servant girl looked up , suddenly she perceived dozens of people in the longhouse , watching her . 
 people who had been hidden from her sight before . '' 
 `` elves ? '' 
 inga asked . 
 astrid nodded . 
 `` elves , indeed . 
 the strange little man led the servant girl back to her own farm and left her there . 
 `` but after that day , she could see the hidden people and her luck changed . 
 her master was the local chieftain . 
 when she saw the elves bringing in their own hay , she would tell her master and he would bring his in , too . 
 when the rains came , his hay was always dry . 
 and when she saw the elves pulling their boats far up the shore , she would tell her master and he would tell the fishermen to pull theirs up , too . 
 in that way , the fishermen and their boats were n't caught in any sudden squalls . 
 `` the servant girl gained a deserved reputation for bringing luck . 
 one of her master 's thingmenn asked her to marry him and come live on his holding . '' 
 `` and they lived happily ever after , '' inga said . 
 `` almost . 
 they were indeed happy together and she was an astute manager , not just because of what she could see that other people could n't . 
 so their farm prospered . 
 but one day , when she was old and inclined to speak her mind , the former servant girl saw the strange little man again . 
 she walked up to him and thanked him for all the luck she had had since their first meeting . 
 the little man licked his finger and wiped it across her eyes . 
 and she could no longer see the hidden people after that . '' 
 `` ah , '' inga said with a satisfied smile . 
 at least the children were happy . 
 astrid felt oddly hollow now that the story was finished . 
 canute squirmed and looked toward the end of the longhouse , where still no women had appeared to give an indication of whether things went well or badly inside . 
 `` tell us another , astrid . '' 
 it had n't been so very bad , telling that story . 
 not once she 'd gotten into it . 
 more than that , she had an urge completely unlike anything she 'd felt before to fill that emptiness with more stories . 
 astrid recalled another story that she had n't thought of in years , one she remembered her icelander mother telling . 
 `` all right . 
 do all of you know what a water horse is ? '' 
 some of the older children nodded , but the younger ones , including canute , shook their heads . 
 `` well , i do n't think we have any water horses in greenland . 
 at least , i 've never heard of any . 
 but they 're common in iceland . 
 a water horse can take any shape , but usually it looks like any other grey horse , except that its hooves and fetlocks are turned around the wrong way . 
 they live in all kinds of water , but especially where the current is strong . 
 `` now , water horses can be very dangerous , for if you ride them near deep water , they will plunge in and drown their rider . 
 they are called nennir in iceland , but they hate to hear their name or anything that sounds much like it and will run into the nearest water if it is spoken , which is a foolproof way to determine if a grey horse is really a water horse . '' 
 astrid could see that her audience was completely engrossed in the story and it made her smile . 
 `` well , one day a group of men had agreed to meet early to build a wall . 
 one cantankerous old man was late , then very late . 
 all the other men complained about him as they worked , even more so because there had been an argument over the wall . 
 everyone had agreed to put the gate on the west side , except this one old man . 
 placing the gate there would force him to walk the long way around . 
 he wanted the gate -- or at least a second gate -- on the south . 
 everyone thought that the reason he had n't come to help was because he had n't gotten his way . 
 `` finally , around midday , the old man arrived leading a grey horse . '' 
 the children oohed in anticipation . 
 astrid 's smile grew broader . 
 sharing these stories with the children was actually fun . 
 `` since they were angry , they set the old man to join those who were doing the most unpleasant part of the job : hauling stones to the wall . 
 `` the old man 's grey horse was an evil-tempered beast , every bit as cantankerous as its owner . 
 it tried to bite or kick any man or horse that came close enough . 
 so , one by one , the other men who had been hauling stones abandoned that task and helped with the wall instead , until there was only the old man and his grey horse . 
 ` now there are too many of us building the wall and not enough hauling stones , ' the leader complained . 
 ` there 's no way that old man and one horse can haul enough stones to keep us all busy . ' 
 `` just then , the old man came up leading his horse , which was hauling as many stones as all the other horses together had been doing . 
 the grey horse kept this up all day . 
 by this time , the other men had stopped complaining about the old man and started wondering where he had gotten such a fine , strong horse and to make offers to buy it or breed it to one of their mares . 
 but every time they asked , the old man just smiled and kept hauling stones for the wall . '' 
 the children giggled at this . 
 `` finally , near sunset , the men finished up the south section of the wall , which was the last to be built . 
 the old man unhitched his grey horse and slapped it on the flank . 
 ` go home now , you ninny , ' he said . 
 `` one of the other men grabbed for the horse , wanting to continue the discussion of breeding it to one of his mares . 
 the grey horse reared back and then kicked out , tumbling a section of the just-completed wall . 
 it ran off into the nearby river . 
 then all the men knew that it had been a water horse all along . 
 `` they never could rebuild the section of wall that the water horse had kicked down . 
 as often as they tried , it would fall down again . 
 so , in the end , they made a gate in that place , where the old man had wanted one to begin with . '' 
 the children laughed at this ending . 
 astrid continued telling them stories about trolls , ghosts , poor boys who marry well because of their wits , and curious animals like the skuggabaldur , which was the offspring of a vixen and a tom cat . 
 finally , one of the older women -- not helga , thankfully -- came out of the longhouse , looked around , and spotted the children clustered around astrid . 
 the woman smiled and nodded . 
 `` all 's well . 
 the babe is a girl . '' 
 chapter 4 : torolf 's prospects torolf paused to stretch his shoulders . 
 it would be weeks yet before they could set sail , but there was a lot of work to do to get the knarr ready for such a long open-water voyage . 
 his father 's standards were rightly high . 
 he saw astrid , wrapped in her white bear pelt , walking down the shore , foraging for more driftwood and food . 
 all the other girls and women stayed close to the longhouse . 
 astrid was the only one who dared to go beyond the bounds of the farmstead and it had paid off spectacularly more than once . 
 torolf liked that about her . 
 he 'd always admired her courage in defying convention , but he 'd been stunned last autumn when he returned from a long voyage to markland and saw that she 'd grown into a beautiful young woman . 
 the other young men despised her for her icelandic mother , too soft to survive greenland . 
 they were idiots . 
 any fool could see that astrid was much more her father 's daughter . 
 if only she were n't the daughter of the chieftain , he 'd be glad to try to court her himself . 
 but pa was one of haakon 's newest thingmenn . 
 they 'd moved down from the larger western settlement only a few years ago when ma 's uncle died . 
 but the farm they 'd inherited was small and mostly neglected . 
 nothing to offer a chieftain 's daughter . 
 torolf did n't stand a chance . 
 besides , now that pa was threatening to leave him behind in iceland , there would n't be an opportunity . 
 then again , astrid had never given him any sign that she 'd be the least bit interested in him . 
 he sighed . 
 pa stepped up beside him and followed torolf 's gaze . 
 he slapped torolf on the back . 
 `` that 's the way the wind blows , is it ? 
 go talk to her , then . 
 what are you waiting for ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe some hint that she wants to talk to me . 
 she never even looks in my direction . '' 
 pa laughed . 
 `` she looks at you , all right . 
 but only when she thinks you wo n't catch her at it . '' 
 pa 's face turned serious . 
 `` some girls will give you a look or a smile . 
 you wo n't get that from astrid until you screw up your courage to talk to her first . '' 
 a slight smile curled up the corners of pa 's mouth . 
 `` that can be harder than running into battle , sometimes . '' 
 torolf grunted agreement . 
 `` she 's a shy flower , that one , '' pa went on . 
 `` a deep , but quiet , pool . 
 haakon is making the right choice in sending her to iceland with us . 
 greenland 's not the right soil for her to bloom in . '' 
 `` she 's going to iceland with us ? '' 
 torolf asked , hope making his voice rise a little . 
 `` yes . 
 so there 's something for you to talk to her about , eh ? '' 
 that was a good thought . 
 days at sea . 
 he could see to her comfort and talk to her whenever he was off duty . 
 and when they reached iceland ... torolf 's newborn hope sank like a rock . 
 `` yes , but if you leave me in iceland , i 'll just be a landless man , without even work to support myself . '' 
 pa slapped him on the shoulder again . 
 `` ah , well , as to that , i mean to take the fishing skiff we made last year in markland and leave that with you , so you 'll have a means of earning a living . 
 and my friend sigurd will give you shelter and work while you establish yourself . 
 you 're a fine sailor , torolf . 
 you know the course to markland and you 'll know the course from greenland to iceland when we get there . 
 with your skills you 'll have no trouble finding work . 
 if i did n't believe that , i 'd never think of leaving you there . '' 
 he looked at the curve of beach where astrid had disappeared while they talked . 
 `` besides , in iceland , she wo n't be a chieftain 's daughter . 
 you 'll both be starting over from scratch . '' 
 pa gave torolf 's shoulder a nudge with his own . 
 `` you could do it together , eh ? '' 
 torolf smiled . 
 `` maybe we could . '' 
 it might be worth trying to find an opportunity to talk to astrid before they set sail , too . 
 whenever he paused in his work , torolf glanced up looking for astrid to return around that curve of coastline . 
 when he saw her come back with an armload of driftwood , he cast a glance back over his shoulder at his father . 
 then he vaulted over the side of the boat and ran to help her . 
 chapter 5 : driftwood astrid looked up at the sound of running feet approaching . 
 oh , no . 
 it was torolf . 
 she took a step backward and her foot came down on a rock . 
 she 'd been keeping her eyes on the path , because the heavy load of driftwood she carried threw off her balance . 
 she usually tried to break her finds into smaller loads , but she 'd found an exceptionally large amount of driftwood . 
 there was a storm coming in , too . 
 it would get dark early and then the storm tide would carry the rest of the driftwood out to sea . 
 torolf caught her elbow to steady her . 
 `` here , let me help . '' 
 he reached to take the driftwood out of her arms . 
 astrid cursed silently . 
 now she looked clumsy as well as tongue-tied . 
 she almost clutched the driftwood tighter , as a shield . 
 that would only make it worse , probably spilling the driftwood all over the path and completing the picture of her as a hopeless idiot . 
 she gave up and let him take the driftwood , turning her eyes to the toes of her boots . 
 `` oof ! '' 
 torolf said as he tried to balance the awkward load . 
 `` that 's heavier than i thought . 
 why were you trying to carry so much all at once ? '' 
 `` i ... th-there 's more , '' astrid stammered . 
 `` i h-have to g-get it in b-before the tide g-gets it . '' 
 `` well , i 'll help you bring it in , then . 
 two can carry twice as much . '' 
 astrid shook her head . 
 `` you have m-more important things to do . '' 
 `` bringing in wood is important , too . '' 
 torolf took a deep breath . 
 `` and i 'd rather help you . 
 it 's okay to ask for help when you need it , you know . '' 
 that would never have occurred to her . 
 she 'd rather tumble down the cliffs trying than ask helga for help . 
 and after all the times the older woman had warned her not to bother her busy father , she would n't have gone to one of the men for anything she could remotely do herself . 
 astrid looked up and met torolf 's eyes , reading his sincerity . 
 she flashed a brief smile despite herself . 
 `` all right . '' 
 torolf dropped the wood by the fire hall door and turned back to her . 
 he matched his stride to hers as they walked back down the beach . 
 `` you 're the only one of the girls and women who goes beyond the homefield , '' torolf said . 
 `` to our benefit , certainly . 
 but sometimes i wonder why . '' 
 astrid shrugged , hunching into her shoulders a little . 
 she could n't see why torolf would care or even notice . 
 the silence stretched and she could feel his eyes on her . 
 `` i d-don ' t like w-working with the older women . 
 h-helga 's always f-finding fault with s-something . '' 
 `` ah . '' 
 they walked in silence for a while . 
 she could barely believe torolf was walking beside her . 
 so close beside her , in fact , that it was a temptation to reach out and touch his hand . 
 she did n't dare do that . 
 she 'd be satisfied if she could just keep from making a fool of herself . 
 astrid tried to keep her eyes on the path , but she could n't help stealing glances at torolf . 
 as often as not her eyes darted away when she caught him watching her . 
 the way his lips parted in a tiny smile when he looked at her sent her mind into such a whirl she could barely form a coherent thought , let alone speak . 
 as they passed the far corner of the homefield wall , the path sloped steeply down and passed nearer to the water . 
 the fjord was grey and flecked with white caps , though the path was still sheltered from the worst of the wind for a ways yet . 
 `` it 's quiet out here beyond the homefield . 
 what do you think about when you 're out here foraging ? '' 
 torolf asked . 
 astrid swallowed . 
 she 'd thought about many things while out foraging , very often torolf . 
 she was n't going to say that , however . 
 recently , though , her thoughts had taken a different tack . 
 she concentrated on speaking clearly . 
 she did n't stammer like that in front of anyone else . 
 just torolf . 
 `` lately , stories . '' 
 her mind seemed to be filled with stories whenever she was n't actively thinking about something else . 
 every story she 'd ever heard and some she could n't remember anyone telling her . 
 `` stories ? 
 what kind of stories ? '' 
 torolf asked . 
 astrid shrugged . 
 `` all kinds . '' 
 it was easier to talk to him if she kept her eyes on the path , or the fjord , or the green slopes above them where the early wild flowers were just starting to show their faces . 
 `` the ones my mother and grandmother used to tell me , mostly . 
 some , i guess i make up myself . '' 
 greatly daring , she looked up at torolf again , flashing another brief smile . 
 `` it 's a little like being in one of the stories , is n't it ? 
 going to iceland , i mean , and starting the journey with a foretelling by the volva . '' 
 torolf smiled back . 
 `` yes , i guess it is . '' 
 they walked on a few paces . 
 `` would you tell me one of your stories ? '' 
 torolf asked . 
 for a moment , astrid was at a loss . 
 she had no idea which story to tell or if she could manage to tell a story to torolf . 
 it was n't like telling them to the children . 
 she 'd probably stammer and spoil the story , but she also did n't want to refuse torolf . 
 that would be rude . 
 a flock of snow geese flew over in their v formation . 
 astrid pointed to them to give herself a moment to think and the right story settled into her mind like a goose settling onto the water . 
 she knew it was the right story for this moment , even though it was n't one she ever remembered hearing before . 
 astrid blushed deeply at the thought of telling this story -- a love story -- to torolf , of all people . 
 just like the last time , she was certain that if she opened her mouth , the only thing she 'd be able to say would be this story . 
 she tried to substitute one of the stories she 'd told to the children , but the words would not come out . 
 it appeared she had two choices : she could tell this story or she could walk along beside torolf and not say a word . 
 that seemed very unfriendly . 
 not the impression she wanted to give at all . 
 astrid took a deep breath , clenched her fists , and started on the story that had first come to her . 
 `` long ago , there was a pair of lovers named jorinda and floringel , who had promised to be married just as soon as floringel could afford it . 
 one day , in order to have some time alone , they took a walk in the forest . '' 
 forest was an alien concept to astrid , but that was what the story called for . 
 she remembered that torolf had sailed to markland with his father . 
 likely he knew what a forest was like . 
 maybe she could ask him about that when she finished the story . 
 `` they held hands and jorinda sang as they walked . 
 before they knew it , they had walked farther than either had ever been before and neither of them was sure how to find their way back . '' 
 it was strange , but as she got into the story , astrid found it easier to tell . 
 she did n't stammer at all . 
 she even dared to glance up at torolf . 
 he was smiling down at her , which made her face flush hot . 
 `` as they wandered , they came to the edge of a clearing and saw a cottage in the center of it , though no sheep or cattle were in evidence . 
 ` you stay here , ' floringel said to jorinda . 
 ` and i 'll go see if anyone still lives here and ask for directions . ' 
 floringel hurried forward , but the moment he stepped into the clearing , his feet froze to the ground . 
 his whole body was held motionless by some spell . 
 he could n't even speak to warn jorinda . 
 `` jorinda rushed forward to his side . 
 ` floringel , what 's wrong ? ' 
 she asked . 
 just then , a short-eared owl flew out of a tree and circled jorinda three times , crying ` too-oot ' harshly . 
 on the third call , jorinda was transformed into a thrush , which flew up to floringel 's shoulder and sang mournfully . 
 `` the owl then landed on the ground and turned into an old woman . 
 the old woman produced a wicker cage , plucked jorinda from floringel 's shoulder , and put her into the cage . 
 the old woman , who was a sorceress , took the cage and jorinda with it into the cottage . 
 jorinda sang desperately all the way , but floringel was still frozen in place , unable to move or even speak . 
 `` eventually , the old woman came back , without jorinda . 
 the old woman muttered a few words floringel could n't hear and suddenly he was free . 
 floringel immediately fell to his knees and begged the old woman to return jorinda to him . 
 ` please bring jorinda back to me . ' 
 `` the old woman laughed . 
 ` you will never see your jorinda again . 
 go away from here and never return . 
 if you ever set foot on my land again , it will mean your death -- and hers shortly after . 
 such songbirds are meat and bread to me . 
 go now . ' 
 the old woman thrust out her hand , palm outward , and floringel was thrown out of the clearing . 
 `` floringel circled the clearing disconsolately , trying to think of some way to rescue jorinda . 
 in his wanderings , he came on other farmsteads where he did odd jobs in exchange for food and shelter . 
 even if he knew the way , he could n't bear to go back home without jorinda -- or to face her family and tell them what had happened . 
 he kept close watch on the sorceress 's house and tried to find a way to save his love . 
 sometimes , he would catch a fleeting trill of song that he was sure came from jorinda . 
 that only increased his resolve to find a way to free her somehow . 
 `` on those nights when he had no other shelter , floringel would sleep under the trees at the edge of the clearing . 
 on one such night , he had a dream . 
 he dreamt that he found a red flower with a pearl in its heart . 
 with this flower , he returned to the sorceress 's cottage and everything he touched with the flower was freed from its enchantment , including jorinda . 
 `` immediately on waking , floringel set out to find this flower . 
 he searched for nine days . 
 finally one morning , he found a red flower with a dew drop , like a large pearl , in its center . 
 floringel picked the flower and hurried back to the sorceress 's cottage . '' 
 telling about floringel 's dream made astrid briefly think about her own . 
 she shivered once at the memory but went on with the story . 
 `` he crossed the clearing without being held fast . 
 he touched the flower to the door of the cottage and it sprang open . 
 inside he found hundreds of wicker cages , each containing a song bird . 
 how was he to find his jorinda ? 
 `` then , out of the corner of his eye , he spied the sorceress carrying a wicker cage and trying to slip past him to the door . 
 floringel sprang forward . 
 the sorceress tried to bespell him again , but floringel touched her with the flower and all her magic fled . 
 then he opened the wicker cage . 
 the thrush flew out and perched on the ground . 
 floringel touched the flower to the bird 's breast . 
 in an instant , his jorinda was beside him , beautiful as ever . 
 `` they freed all of the birds and touched each with the flower , returning them to their original forms . 
 each was another maiden , although none was as beautiful in floringel 's eyes as jorinda . 
 `` then jorinda and floringel led the maidens back out of the forest to their grieving families . 
 the fathers , brothers , or lovers of the girls were all grateful to have them back . 
 so grateful that jorinda and floringel could finally afford to marry . 
 they lived happily together , but they never walked far into the forest again . '' 
 astrid glanced up at torolf . 
 his smile left her feeling flustered and uncertain . 
 `` well , i do n't think we 've gone nearly far enough for either of us to get lost . 
 so i guess i wo n't have the chance to rescue you from an evil enchantment today . '' 
 astrid looked down , not sure how to take this . 
 `` especially not since all we 'd have to do is follow the fjord back . '' 
 `` you told that story very well . 
 although , i ca n't remember ever hearing that one before . 
 do you tell stories often ? '' 
 astrid shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 i 've told a few to the younger children . 
 that 's all . 
 until today . '' 
 `` lucky children . '' 
 astrid ducked her head to hide her smile . 
 by this time , they 'd arrived at the stash of driftwood she 'd dragged up above the tide line earlier . 
 together , she and torolf were able to gather it all up to carry back . 
 `` what shall we talk about on the way back ? '' 
 torolf asked . 
 `` would you like to tell me another story ? '' 
 astrid shook her head . 
 the empty feeling she 'd had after telling the first story to canute and his friends was back . 
 this time she felt no need to tell a story to fill that hollow , but she did have questions . 
 `` it 's your turn . '' 
 `` me ? 
 i ca n't tell a story . 
 not like you can . '' 
 astrid smiled . 
 `` then tell me something else . 
 you 've been to markland with your father . 
 what 's a forest like ? 
 i 've never seen one . '' 
 torolf smiled . 
 `` a forest ? 
 well , that 's a wonder for someone who 's grown up here . '' 
 the toss of his head , both arms being full of driftwood , took in the fjord and the heath beyond . 
 `` you see that thicket over there ? '' 
 he pointed at a tangle of dwarf willows , only half as tall as astrid . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` well , imagine that but ten times as tall . 
 fifteen . 
 and the trunk of each tree is wider around than a man can reach . 
 sometimes wider than two can reach . 
 all different kinds of trees , too . 
 some are tall and straight , others spread out wide enough to cover the whole homefield . '' 
 astrid made a disbelieving sound . 
 `` it 's true . 
 ask pa if you do n't believe me . 
 or , better , ask your father . 
 pa says he used to sail to markland when he was younger . '' 
 astrid blushed . 
 `` sorry . 
 go on , please . '' 
 `` well , and under all these trees , there are bushes , sort of like the bushes here , and small trees . 
 some have berries that are good to eat . 
 some have white flowers if you 're there early enough in the summer . 
 summer in markland is much warmer than here , but it 's all shady and cool under the trees . 
 and everything smells ... i do n't know ... alive . 
 does that make sense ? '' 
 astrid nodded . 
 `` far enough in , on a warm day , you ca n't even smell the sea . '' 
 astrid could n't imagine that . 
 she 'd never been so far from the fjord that she could n't smell the sea . 
 if a land was big enough , she supposed , there must be a place at its center where the sea smell was too faint to notice . 
 if greenland was that big , no one , not even the hunters , went that far into its icy interior . 
 was iceland big enough for that ? 
 torolf went on talking about the forest , about the animals and birds found there -- some familiar , some not . 
 astrid drank it all in . 
 after a while , he ran out of things to describe . 
 they walked in silence for a moment . 
 astrid looked up to the hills , where patches of snow persisted even this late in the spring . 
 `` what 's winter like in markland ? '' 
 she asked . 
 torolf shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 when we have to winter over we stay at leif 's booths . '' 
 astrid could n't imagine spending a winter in such a temporary structure . 
 booths were basically tents on stone foundations , habitable only during the summer months . 
 surely the winter snows would collapse such a roof . 
 she looked up at torolf in disbelief . 
 torolf laughed as if he 'd anticipated that reaction . 
 `` they 're not booths now , of course . 
 there are real longhouses there now . '' 
 astrid liked the sound of his laugh . 
 it sent little shivers up her spine . 
 she cocked her head to the side . 
 `` why stay at leif 's booths ? 
 why not stay in markland if the country is so rich ? '' 
 she knew , of course , that the early attempts to settle vinland had failed because of opposition from the native skraelings . 
 but that was in vinland , not markland , and besides , there had n't been a fight with the skraelings in a couple of hundred years . 
 torolf looked away over the fjord . 
 `` well , there are longhouses already built at leif 's booths . '' 
 astrid was sure there was more than that , but she did n't say it . 
 she just kept walking by his side . 
 `` we ca n't stay too long in markland , '' torolf said , finally . 
 `` why not ? 
 are the skraelings still a threat ? '' 
 torolf snorted . 
 `` no . 
 oh , we see the skraelings sometimes as we sail up the river , but they do n't bother us . 
 and there are no skraelings in the place where we go to harvest timber . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` the skraelings say that there are dragons in that place . '' 
 astrid drew in a sharp breath . 
 this was a story come to life . 
 `` are there ? '' 
 torolf shrugged again and looked back at her . 
 `` i 've never seen one . 
 neither has anyone else on the crew , but pa says there must be some reason the skraelings stay away . 
 so we cut the timber as fast as we can and then retreat to leif 's booths . 
 winter there is not so different from here . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 astrid could n't say why she was disappointed . 
 it was n't as if she was ever going to go to markland . 
 it would just be nice to think that there was someplace where the winters were not such a struggle for survival . 
 everything else torolf described sounded exciting though . 
 well , everything but the dragons . 
 she supposed those were exciting , too , just not in a pleasant way . 
 `` it still sounds fascinating . '' 
 torolf smiled down at her . 
 they 'd arrived back at the edge of the homefield . 
 he stopped for a moment . 
 `` astrid ... '' `` yes ? '' 
 `` once we get to iceland , will you let me visit you sometimes ? '' 
 astrid looked up at him through her lashes , blushing . 
 `` i 'd like that . '' 
 torolf smiled . 
 `` good , then . 
 i will . '' 
 chapter 6 : opportunity helga stepped outside . 
 she 'd organized the women for weaving and cooking . 
 they could do without her supervision for a time and she needed to talk privately with aric . 
 she 'd sent him up the slope to their farm on the pretext of tending to their livestock for just that purpose . 
 there was no place in the chieftain 's longhouse or its environs to have a really private discussion . 
 as she climbed the steep path , thoughts and plans swirled through her head as they 'd been doing since she heard the news . 
 astrid was being sent to iceland ! 
 it opened a world of possibilities . 
 she and aric had to plan how best to take advantage of them . 
 she looked up from her footing on a particularly treacherous part of the path when she heard heavy footsteps above her . 
 aric came down the path to her side . 
 `` there 's nothing up there that the servants ca n't manage , '' he said sourly . 
 `` it does n't hurt them to see you check up on them . 
 that 's not the point , however . 
 i wanted a chance to talk to you -- alone . '' 
 she looked around and shrugged . 
 there was certainly no one else on this path right now . 
 `` this will do as well as the farm , i guess . 
 what do you think of this plan of haakon 's to send astrid to iceland ? '' 
 aric frowned . 
 `` i think he 's a fool . 
 if he wants to be rid of the girl , well , she 's of marriageable age . 
 it 'd make much more sense to find her a husband than to send her off on a risky voyage . '' 
 helga smiled . 
 `` yes . 
 i 'd thought of her for one of our sons , but that wo n't be necessary , now . '' 
 aric 's brows rose . 
 `` sven and olaf have n't even seen astrid since she was what ? 
 about eight ? 
 what makes you think either of them is interested in her ? '' 
 helga frowned at her husband . 
 he 'd never been as ambitious as she was . 
 `` they do n't have to be in love with astrid to want to be the next chieftain . 
 as long as she 's haakon 's only child -- and here in greenland -- her husband will almost certainly follow haakon to the high seat . '' 
 aric frowned thoughtfully . 
 `` well , we sent them to brattahlid to make good connections . 
 i was thinking of bringing them back for a visit after the althing . 
 they 've been away a long time . 
 if astrid were to choose one of them , i think haakon would change his mind . '' 
 helga smiled . 
 `` do that . 
 i miss our boys . 
 and they have a right to help us plan how to position ourselves to take advantage of this opportunity . 
 but there 's no need for either of them to court astrid , now . 
 let the girl go off to iceland to her mother 's people . 
 what 's that to us ? '' 
 aric scratched at his bearded chin . 
 `` you just said -- '' `` yes , i know . 
 but this will be even better . 
 sven and olaf can marry instead into some powerful and wealthy family from the eastern settlement . 
 someone who can provide support when sven inherits the chieftainship from you . '' 
 aric took a step back . 
 `` from me ? '' 
 `` who else ? 
 you 're haakon 's cousin . 
 with astrid gone , you 'll be his natural heir . '' 
 `` well , that 's true , i suppose . 
 but haakon 's hale and strong . 
 he 'll be chieftain for many years , yet . 
 and he 's not that much older than me . '' 
 helga smiled slyly . 
 `` all life is a chance . 
 many things may happen . 
 we just have to be ready to take advantage of any chances that arise . '' 
 a slow smile spread across aric 's face . 
 `` huh . 
 i never expected to succeed haakon as chieftain . '' 
 helga took his arm to begin the walk back down the path . 
 `` then it 's a good thing you have a wife to look after your interests . '' 
 chapter 7 : boats and bears torolf smiled to himself as he walked back to his father 's knarr . 
 he 'd probably hear about abandoning his work , but he was n't the least sorry . 
 astrid had smiled at him and said she 'd like to see more of him . 
 he 'd already resolved to seize every opportunity to spend some time with her . 
 every time she 'd looked up at him , or blushed , or smiled , he 'd felt like he was floating . 
 he really liked her smile and wanted to make her smile more often . 
 and that story she 'd told just for him , blushing charmingly . 
 surely there was a message in that . 
 torolf 's smile grew even broader as he vaulted over the side of the knarr , feeling like he really was flying . 
 he landed face to face with pa and tried and failed to wipe the smile off his face and look properly ashamed for deserting his work . 
 pa guffawed and clapped him on the shoulder . 
 `` went well , did it ? '' 
 torolf relaxed and grinned back . 
 `` i think so . '' 
 `` well , then , '' pa said . 
 `` just do n't make too much of a habit of it . 
 we 've a lot of work to do before we sail . 
 remember , astrid will be aboard , too . 
 you want her voyage to be safe and as comfortable as possible , do n't you ? '' 
 oh , yes . 
 he definitely wanted that . 
 torolf was looking forward to that voyage . 
 ~ torolf got an early start on his work the next morning , to make up for his truancy the day before . 
 as he worked , he reviewed everything he and astrid had said to each other . 
 the story of jorinda and floringel gave him more encouragement every time he thought about it . 
 and the interest with which she 'd listened to him tell about markland was heartening , too . 
 when he 'd run through that several times , though , he remembered her first comments about how she preferred the unusual tasks , for a girl , of foraging beyond the homefield , because of helga . 
 what a lonely way to live . 
 he touched the little silver pendant at his throat , part cross , part thor 's hammer , that had been his mother 's . 
 torolf 's own mother had died in the same fever that had carried off astrid 's mother , but he 'd had his father . 
 pa rarely found fault unless it was well deserved . 
 torolf was filled with a righteous anger that anyone would treat astrid that way . 
 and she 'd be even more alone in iceland , where neither one of them knew anyone . 
 if she gave him a chance , he 'd see to it that no one made her feel that way again . 
 he pushed at the gouge he was using to scrape the dried-up caulking from the seams of the knarr so it could be replaced . 
 `` hey , do n't go all the way through the hull with that ! '' 
 pa said from behind him . 
 torolf stopped and shrugged his shoulders to release the tension in them . 
 `` sorry , pa. '' `` maybe it 's time you quit this for the day . 
 there are tasks you can do while daydreaming . '' 
 torolf leaped down from the bow of the knarr . 
 he looked up and down the shoreline for any sign of astrid . 
 what he really wanted to do was take another long walk with her , but there was no sign of her . 
 she must have gotten an early start , too . 
 there was no way to know which direction she 'd gone or even if she 'd stayed along the fjord or gone up onto the slopes where there might be a few early or leftover berries to pick . 
 his eye fell on the faering pa had said would be his in iceland . 
 the skiff was already cleaned up , fitted out , and ready for the sea . 
 the gulls were fishing not too far offshore . 
 there was bound to be something worth catching there . 
 fishing would be a good way to spend the rest of the day and give him a chance to get a better feel for handling the faering on his own at the same time . 
 torolf pushed the skiff down the strand and into the water and jumped aboard . 
 the faering had four oars , meant for two men , but torolf had changed the rigging of the sail to make it easier for one man alone to manage the steering oar and the sail . 
 he had n't had a chance to try that innovation out yet . 
 the wind was in the wrong direction right now , but maybe he 'd get a chance to test it on the way back to shore . 
 it did n't take long to row out to where he judged the water was deep enough . 
 he threw a half dozen lines over the side and began casting a net for whatever fish might be nearer the surface , stopping after each cast to watch the shore for astrid . 
 he 'd pulled in several nets full of herring when one of his lines jerked sharply . 
 torolf dropped the net into the bottom of the skiff to pull in the line . 
 whatever he 'd caught was heavy . 
 he did n't think he was far enough out for halibut this large , but he could n't think of many other fish in these waters that would be so heavy . 
 he continued to pull , muscles straining . 
 abruptly , the pressure on the line ceased and the fish -- or what was left of it -- flipped into the boat practically on top of torolf . 
 it had been a halibut all right , and a big one . 
 two thirds of it was missing , now , though . 
 torolf stared at the ragged bite mark . 
 only one predator could have made that -- a greenland shark . 
 and it 'd have to be a big one to take most of a fish that size in one bite . 
 he looked over the side of the boat and just glimpsed the sleek form below , almost half again as long as the boat . 
 not the biggest , but more than big enough . 
 unusual for it to be in this part of the fjord at this time of the year . 
 torolf made a face at the thought of shark meat . 
 the flesh of a greenland shark was poisonous . 
 it had to be fermented and pressed and then hung to dry for several months before it could be eaten . 
 even then , it smelled strongly of ammonia . 
 still , kaestur hakarl made in that way would be food for midwinter . 
 by then everyone would probably be willing to overlook the smell and taste just to have a full belly . 
 looked at that way , the shark represented a lot of meat . 
 torolf looked over the side again . 
 no . 
 this was a disadvantage of fishing alone ; the shark was much too big for one man in a small boat to bring in . 
 with that one swimming below his skiff , he was n't likely to bring in anything on any of his lines , either , so he began to haul them in . 
 better to go in , now , anyway . 
 he 'd heard stories of large greenland sharks attacking small boats . 
 with his faering half full of herring , there was no need to risk it . 
 the wind was favorable . 
 now might be a good time to see how the skiff handled under sail . 
 he 'd just gotten the sail up when he heard a shriek . 
 torolf turned toward the sound and saw astrid pelting down the rocky beach , her white bear pelt cape flapping behind her . 
 a huge ice bear galloped after her , fifty paces behind astrid and closing fast . 
 torolf turned the tiller and set the faering racing toward astrid . 
 the skiff was fast under sail , but no human could outrun a bear for long . 
 torolf shouted . 
 `` astrid ! 
 over here ! '' 
 astrid looked up without breaking stride . 
 she turned , almost slipping on the slick rocks and dove into the fjord . 
 her woolen dress and the heavy bear pelt immediately started to drag her down . 
 the look on her face was even more panicked . 
 she could n't swim ? 
 of course she could n't . 
 few enough of the men could do more than tread water if they fell overboard . 
 and that not for long in water as cold as this . 
 torolf steered the faering as close into shore as he dared and leaned far over to grab astrid and pull her in . 
 the bear leaped into the water , too , with a splash that rocked the small boat . 
 torolf turned the sail and grabbed the steering oar to drive the faering back out into deep water . 
 not that that would be much help . 
 he had no weapon aboard that he could hope to kill a bear with . 
 an ice bear could swim the width of the fjord without difficulty , but an idea came to torolf to pit one predator against another . 
 he pulled the steering oar over a little farther to steer back to the same place where he had been fishing a moment ago . 
 astrid struggled off the pile of slippery herring she 'd landed on and took up a pair of oars . 
 her strokes were nowhere near as expert or powerful as torolf 's , but they added to the skiff 's speed , nonetheless . 
 as she got the rhythm , she started to pull for the home shore , where the larger boats were still pulled up on the sand . 
 `` no , '' torolf shouted , pointing to the course he wanted . 
 `` that way . 
 trust me . '' 
 astrid paused just an instant , then she started rowing in the direction torolf indicated . 
 torolf looked back . 
 the bear was persistent . 
 though the skiff was racing ahead of it , the beast still swam after them . 
 torolf looked ahead . 
 they 'd almost made it to the spot where he 'd last seen the shark . 
 he turned again at a furious roar close behind . 
 the bear struggled and the water around it turned from green to red . 
 then the bear disappeared beneath the waves and did n't come up again . 
 astrid looked around as if she expected the bear to surface right beside them . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` greenland shark . 
 about the only thing big enough to eat an ice bear . '' 
 torolf turned the sail and let the faering skim toward home . 
 the ripples of the bear 's submersion subsided . 
 after a moment , astrid smiled and they both erupted into gales of relieved laughter . 
 `` what did you do to that bear ? '' 
 torolf asked when he could draw enough breath . 
 `` walk up and tweak it 's nose . '' 
 astrid giggled . 
 `` no . 
 i found a seal carcass back there . 
 i was just going to cut off as much as i could carry with me when that bear charged down the slope and chased me off . '' 
 she plucked at the sodden bear pelt . 
 `` i think he thought i was a rival . '' 
 `` maybe he did . '' 
 torolf slowed the faering . 
 `` maybe we should go back and bring in as much of that seal meat as we can . 
 the skiff can hold quite a bit more . '' 
 `` maybe we should . '' 
 astrid shivered . 
 torolf set the faering back toward home . 
 `` no . 
 first you need to get warm and dry . 
 pa and i can go back for the seal meat . 
 ca n't have you getting sick before we set sail for iceland . '' 
 astrid ducked her head , her smile disappearing . 
 `` i guess that would be best . '' 
 she looked out over the side at the water slipping away beneath them . 
 torolf watched her for a long moment . 
 `` astrid ... i was going to wait until we reach iceland . 
 where the distance between us -- poor farmer 's son and chieftain 's daughter -- wo n't be as great . 
 until i can find work and a place of my own to live . 
 but that might take me a while and you 're so beautiful and brave . 
 by then someone else may start to court you . '' 
 he was babbling . 
 he paused , drew in a deep breath , and resolved to just blurt it out . 
 `` astrid , will you be my ... uh ... sweetheart ? '' 
 her eyes widened and her breath caught . 
 astrid stared back at torolf . 
 he decided that the look on her face was definitely not displeased , though . 
 greatly daring , he leaned forward and kissed her briefly . 
 when he pulled back , astrid put her hand up to her mouth . 
 by her eyes , though , he could tell she was smiling . 
 `` should i take that as a yes ? '' 
 astrid lowered her hand slightly and nodded , never taking her eyes from his . 
 torolf smiled and took her hand . 
 he felt like he could sit like that forever . 
 a shadow crossed their skiff and he looked up at the cloud passing overhead . 
 he sighed and released her hand so he could take down the sail and take up the oars . 
 `` it looks like there 'll be a storm tonight . 
 we 'd better get back before they start to worry about us . '' 
 torolf grounded the faering on the beach . 
 he offered his hand to help astrid out and then dragged the skiff up above the tide line . 
 that done , he recaptured astrid 's hand and did n't release it as he walked her up to the longhouse , not caring who stared at them as they passed . 
 chapter 8 : preparations astrid stood in front of the longhouse after torolf had gone off to get his father and some of the other men to recover the seal carcass . 
 he was right ; she needed to get warm and dry , but she had no desire to deal with helga 's scolding right now . 
 that would ruin a moment that she very much wanted to savor . 
 after a moment , she walked around the longhouse to the separate fire hall . 
 helga would almost certainly be in the workroom of the longhouse at this hour . 
 the fire hall would be warm and empty . 
 perfect . 
 her thoughts kept drifting back to the skiff and torolf and she flushed with warmth . 
 she kept putting her hand up to her mouth as if she could still feel his lips on hers . 
 torolf had asked her to be his sweetheart . 
 torolf ! 
 she wanted to skip . 
 she felt like she could float . 
 astrid shed her wet bear pelt and laid it out near the fire to dry , and paused with her hand on one of the pins that held the straps of her apron over her soaked dress . 
 she bit her lip . 
 the problem with using the fire hall was that she did n't have access to her spare clothing . 
 she 'd either have to go into the longhouse after all or stay in here until her clothes dried . 
 that 'd probably draw attention eventually . 
 she was still trying to make up her mind which was worse when the door opened behind her . 
 astrid whirled as gerda stepped inside and closed the door behind her . 
 `` astrid , what 's going on ? 
 i saw you walking up with torolf . 
 holding his hand ! 
 and then you went right past the longhouse and came in here . '' 
 gerda seemed to notice astrid 's dripping clothing for the first time . 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` why are you all wet ? '' 
 astrid smiled . 
 `` go and get me some fresh clothing , do n't let helga know , and i 'll tell you all about it . '' 
 gerda paused for a moment , winked , and let herself back out . 
 astrid fidgeted , pacing around the small space while she waited . 
 excitement and wonder pounded through her veins , making it impossible to stay still . 
 gerda was back quickly . 
 `` all right , here are your clothes . 
 now , tell . '' 
 astrid turned and fumbled with the pin of her apron strap again . 
 gerda made a frustrated little noise and slapped astrid 's hands away . 
 `` i 'll do that . 
 you talk . '' 
 astrid blinked , trying to organize her thoughts . 
 `` well , it all started with the ice bear chasing me -- '' `` what ? 
 how did that happen ? '' 
 `` if you 're going to interrupt me every sentence , i 'll never get to the good part . '' 
 gerda clamped her mouth shut , but her eyes were sharp with curiosity . 
 astrid drew breath . 
 `` well , torolf saw me and steered his skiff over to help . '' 
 gerda opened her mouth , then shut it again . 
 `` i waded out toward the boat , but of course i ca n't swim . 
 i was about to sink , when torolf grabbed me and hauled me into the skiff . '' 
 she paused for a moment while gerda helped pull her wet under dress over her head . 
 the smell of wet wool was not improved by the added fishy odor . 
 `` onto a pile of herring he 'd just caught . '' 
 `` that 's what that is , '' gerda said , wrinkling her nose . 
 `` well , what happened , then ? '' 
 `` the bear swam out after me . '' 
 gerda gasped . 
 `` did torolf kill it ? '' 
 astrid smiled , eyes lighting with pride . 
 `` not ... directly . '' 
 at gerda 's scornful look , astrid added . 
 `` he was out fishing . 
 he did n't have anything to kill an ice bear with . 
 but he 's smart and quick . 
 he steered out to a part of the fjord where he 'd recently seen a greenland shark . 
 the shark took care of the ice bear . '' 
 gerda paused . 
 `` that was ... inventive of him . '' 
 `` i thought so . '' 
 astrid smiled and raised her hand to her lips again . 
 `` so ? 
 what happened then ? 
 i can tell that 's not all . '' 
 astrid 's smile turned a little dazed as she remembered . 
 `` then ... then he kissed me and asked me to be his sweetheart . '' 
 gerda , in the middle of helping astrid into her best under dress , stopped and smiled . 
 `` so he kissed you , did he ? 
 took him long enough to get around to it . 
 how was it ? '' 
 astrid put her hand back up to her lips . 
 `` it was ... '' astrid did n't know exactly how to describe that kiss . 
 she sighed . 
 gerda cocked her head to the side . 
 `` you might want to hold off on letting him think you 're his sweetheart , though . 
 wait and see what else is available once we get to iceland . '' 
 astrid sputtered in shocked rage . 
 `` i would never -- '' gerda held up a hand . 
 `` torolf 's all very well , but it 's not as if he 'll have a farm of his own in iceland , you know . 
 and i 'm sure your father will send a dowry with you . 
 you might do better . '' 
 astrid drew herself up , shrugging her shoulders only partly to settle the heavy woolen under dress . 
 `` torolf is very smart . 
 he 'll do well wherever we are . '' 
 `` maybe . 
 but what 's the harm in at least looking at someone who 's already done well , eh ? '' 
 `` you just do n't understand , gerda . '' 
 astrid grabbed up a large basket . 
 there was no use talking to gerda . 
 she might as well make herself useful by bringing in the fish torolf had caught . 
 gerda grabbed the other handle of the basket to stop her . 
 `` i understand better than you do , astrid . 
 i know what it 's like to be landless . 
 i 'm just saying that there 's more to your future than how you feel about torolf . '' 
 astrid shook her head in disbelief . 
 `` you think a farm is more important than love ? '' 
 `` i ca n't afford to think otherwise . 
 and you need to stop thinking like a chieftain 's daughter . 
 here , you were always going to have plenty of suitors , because of who your father is and because you 're his only heir . 
 in iceland , that wo n't count for much . 
 you need to think about your future and what torolf can really give you , there . '' 
 ~ at the end of supper that night , pa announced that the ice was sufficiently broken up for the knarrs to get out of the fjord . 
 he and his thingmenn could go down to brattahlid for the althing . 
 and bring back the volva when they returned . 
 mention of the volva reminded astrid of her dream . 
 she 'd finally get the chance to ask someone about it . 
 she bit her lower lip thinking about how much braggi had looked like torolf in her dream . 
 was that a sign about their future ? 
 yes , she 'd definitely have to ask the volva about that . 
 there was a lot of work to do to prepare for the volva . 
 the whole longhouse had to be thoroughly cleaned . 
 they would also need thick down cushions for the high seat , where the volva would sit in the chieftain 's place for one night . 
 and a special meal for the volva alone also had to be prepared . 
 with father , aric , and ranulf all gone to the althing , helga took charge of these preparations -- and pretty much everything else . 
 astrid could n't slip away for her usual foraging trips . 
 under helga 's critical eye , she could n't even get outside much at all . 
 it was n't until the second day when she got a chance to take the laundry out to dry that she could even look for torolf . 
 from the far corner of the homefield , she searched for any sign of him . 
 there 'd been no opportunity to talk to him since the rescue and she was starting to worry that she 'd misinterpreted his intentions in some way . 
 how could someone like torolf really want to court her ? 
 astrid spotted his faering far out in the fjord and sighed . 
 she clearly would n't get a chance to talk to him today , either . 
 she started laying the laundry out to dry . 
 she looked up from spreading out the last piece to see the skiff pulled up just below and torolf striding toward her . 
 astrid could n't help returning his smile . 
 torolf took her hand . 
 he did n't try to kiss her again . 
 that would have been inappropriate with her father away and no formal betrothal between them . 
 `` i have n't seen you outside the longhouse all day . 
 i 've been watching . '' 
 astrid sighed . 
 `` with father and aric gone , helga has taken charge of the preparations for the volva . 
 she 's not giving any of us much time to ourselves . 
 me , especially . '' 
 `` you do n't have to do what she says , you know . 
 you outrank her . '' 
 astrid drew in a sharp breath . 
 she 'd never once considered challenging helga for precedence . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` the other women would side with helga . '' 
 he squeezed her hand . 
 `` you might be surprised . 
 i ca n't imagine that most of them like helga 's bossy manner . 
 they might just be waiting for someone else to follow . '' 
 astrid shook her head again . 
 she 'd been afraid of helga for as long as she could remember , even when her mother was alive . 
 and she 'd never seen any of the other women challenge her more than once , either . 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 `` well , that 's up to you , of course . 
 i 'm just glad to get a chance to see you . 
 i was starting to miss you . '' 
 `` it has n't been that long , '' astrid said . 
 `` i still missed you . 
 did n't you miss me ? '' 
 astrid looked up into his eyes . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` good , then . 
 we agree . 
 we 'll just have to figure out a way to see each other every day , whether helga likes it or not . '' 
 `` i 'll do what i can . '' 
 `` good . 
 otherwise , i might have to go searching for a red flower with which to destroy the witch 's spells . '' 
 astrid gasped . 
 `` that ... that was just a story . '' 
 torolf 's smile turned mischievous . 
 `` i know . 
 but i ca n't have my songbird caged , now can i ? 
 what kind of a hero would i be , then ? '' 
 astrid stroked the back of his hand . 
 `` mine , '' she said in an almost inaudible whisper . 
 torolf took a step forward , laughing . 
 `` i 'm glad to hear that . 
 but a hero does n't just sit around resting on his oars , you know . 
 i have to keep earning that regard . '' 
 astrid found she was holding her breath . 
 `` no , you do n't . '' 
 `` maybe i just want to , then . 
 that 's all right , is n't it ? '' 
 astrid smiled . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she could barely string an intelligible sentence together when she looked into those blue eyes . 
 she 'd thought she 'd gotten over being tongue-tied in front of torolf . 
 how had she ever managed to tell him a story -- a love story . 
 she blushed just thinking about it . 
 she did n't want him to think she was a complete idiot . 
 she just could n't think of anything to say . 
 maybe it would be best to give herself some time to think , when her heart was n't beating so hard . 
 `` i ... i really should get back to work . 
 there really is a lot to do before the volva arrives . '' 
 torolf gave her hand another squeeze . 
 `` tomorrow ? '' 
 `` i ... i 'll do my best . '' 
 she pulled at her hand but he did n't release it . 
 `` when ? 
 where ? '' 
 astrid looked back at the longhouse , half-expecting to see helga emerging to chase her back inside . 
 the slope behind it was lush and green , and that gave her an idea . 
 `` an hour or so before the evening meal . 
 there are some berries that should be ripening up the slope . 
 i 'll make sure i go out to harvest them . '' 
 torolf looked up the slope , too . 
 `` excellent . 
 i 'll meet you there . '' 
 he pressed her hand one more time before letting go . 
 `` until then . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` who knows ? 
 you might need protection from another bear . '' 
 astrid smiled up at him . 
 `` until then . '' 
 reluctantly , she turned away to go back to the longhouse . 
 that floating feeling was back and she did n't care about all the hard work ahead or even that she had to do it with helga watching over her shoulder looking for the least error to criticize her for . 
 ~ late the next afternoon , when most of the preparations that could be done before the volva arrived were complete , helga drilled them in the ward songs that would be needed for the ritual . 
 astrid had a good voice and a good memory . 
 there would be much less for helga to criticize about her singing . 
 the problem was that the words astrid remembered were n't the ones helga recited . 
 helga 's version was n't far off . 
 it was more the small word substitutions that could come from not hearing a song for a long time . 
 she tried to sing along with the other women , but those wrong words simply would n't come out and she stammered to a halt . 
 helga gave her a scathing look . 
 `` let 's try that again . '' 
 astrid shifted nervously as the older woman came to stand right next to her , looming over her . 
 she tried , she really did try , but she just could n't sing the wrong words . 
 as she concentrated the correct words simply came out . 
 helga stopped the singers again . 
 `` you stupid girl . 
 ca n't you remember from one moment to the next ? 
 you 're singing the wrong words . '' 
 astrid bridled at being called stupid . 
 she was quiet , even shy , but she certainly was n't stupid . 
 and she was certain she was right on this . 
 although astrid could n't have said where she 'd heard this song before , she knew her version was the right one . 
 and she also knew that , with something like a ward song , that small difference could be dangerous . 
 `` no , i 'm not . 
 you 're the one who 's got the wrong words . '' 
 helga rocked back on her heels . 
 `` how dare you question me , you little chit ! 
 what do you know ? '' 
 `` i know you 're wrong . 
 and too stubborn and proud to hear the truth . 
 you do n't even care about the danger you 'll cause by persisting in your error . '' 
 before astrid could react , helga swung and slapped astrid across her cheek so hard the sound echoed in the longhouse . 
 there was not another sound , not even the sound of the other women breathing . 
 `` do n't you dare talk back to me ! '' 
 astrid put a hand up to her cheek . 
 her hand shook with fury and her heartbeat sounded like thunder in her ears . 
 she could n't ever remember being this angry in her life . 
 she knew she was right . 
 besides , no one -- no one -- had a right to strike her , not even her father . 
 `` get out , '' she said , her voice did n't waver and it was colder than she 'd ever heard herself speak . 
 `` what did you say to me ? '' 
 `` i said get out . 
 i think it 's time you returned to your own neglected farm . 
 when my father returns , i 'll tell aric where to find you -- and why . '' 
 `` you ca n't throw me out . '' 
 `` yes , i can . 
 this is my home , not yours . 
 i have the keeping of it until father returns . 
 and no one has a right to lay a hand on me here . '' 
 astrid turned her back and grabbed up a pair of pails . 
 she headed for the door . 
 `` do n't be here when i get back , helga . 
 do n't force me to have you thrown out . 
 i will if i have to . '' 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 gerda asked . 
 `` berry picking . 
 the other women can start the supper . '' 
 astrid stormed up the slope , still furious . 
 she started picking berries , tearing them from the bush stems and all , paying no attention to the thorns that tore her fingers . 
 she crushed the first few staining her fingers purple . 
 but as her anger faded , astrid started to shake in reaction . 
 and then the tears came . 
 what had she done ? 
 she 'd never for a moment considered challenging helga and to do so in front of the other women and in such a disrespectful way . 
 there was going to be trouble over that . 
 both aric and helga were very proud of their position . 
 father would n't be pleased if this caused him problems with aric . 
 `` hey , what 's wrong ? '' 
 ah ! 
 in her misery , she 'd almost forgotten torolf was going to meet her here . 
 if he saw her crying like a baby over nothing he 'd think she was even more idiotic than she must have seemed yesterday . 
 astrid turned slightly so that the side of her face that still stung from helga 's slap was away from him and bent her head over the berries . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 he grabbed her hand as she reached for a ripe berry . 
 `` something 's wrong . 
 i can tell . '' 
 astrid shook her head , horribly embarrassed that he 'd found her crying like this . 
 she sniffed . 
 `` it 's nothing . 
 the berry bushes make me sneeze . 
 that 's all . '' 
 torolf dropped her hand . 
 `` astrid , do n't you trust me ? '' 
 astrid gasped and looked up into his eyes . 
 `` of course i do . '' 
 torolf stepped forward and touched her cheek . 
 `` who did this ? '' 
 his voice was quiet , but there was an undercurrent of anger . 
 astrid ducked her head . 
 `` helga . 
 we disagreed about the words of the warding song for the volva . '' 
 `` she had no right ! 
 no one has a right to hurt you like that . '' 
 he paced down the path and back . 
 `` she only dared because your father 's not here to defend you . 
 if she were n't a woman , i 'd do worse to her . 
 i 'll ... i 'll challenge aric when he comes back . '' 
 astrid chilled with fear . 
 aric had a reputation as a nasty fighter . 
 `` no , do n't . '' 
 `` you think i ca n't fight him ? '' 
 `` no -- i mean it 's not necessary . 
 i sent her away . 
 i told her to go back to her own farm and leave father 's lands to me until he returns . '' 
 `` you did ? '' 
 torolf grinned . 
 `` how did the old witch take it ? '' 
 `` not well . '' 
 astrid sniffed again . 
 `` i 've made a terrible mess of things , but i was so angry at her . 
 father 's going to have trouble with aric over this and it 's all my fault . '' 
 she could n't keep her voice from rising into a wail on the last words . 
 torolf pulled her in against him and stroked her hair . 
 `` it is not your fault . 
 helga started it . 
 she usurped your proper place . 
 you had to stand up for yourself . 
 and i 'll fight any man who says different . '' 
 astrid put her arms around his waist and buried her face in his chest . 
 it felt wonderful to be understood and defended and cared for . 
 after a moment , torolf sighed and took a step back . 
 `` are you all right now ? '' 
 astrid nodded . 
 `` yes . 
 thank you . '' 
 torolf took one of her pails and started to pick berries . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 astrid drew in a breath , thinking . 
 `` we still have to prepare for the volva , with or without helga . 
 but ... the cleaning is mostly done . 
 and the cushions for the high seat are well started . 
 though i think we need more down to fill them properly . '' 
 she looked up at torolf . 
 `` oh , with helga gone , there 's nothing stopping me from going to gather more eider down , is there ? '' 
 `` not alone . '' 
 astrid stuck here chin out stubbornly . 
 `` i 've done it by myself before . '' 
 `` not anymore . 
 have you forgotten that bear already ? 
 i 'll go with you . 
 besides , you 'll need a boat to get out to their breeding islands . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` and i just happen to have one . '' 
 astrid blushed slightly and lowered her head to hide her smile . 
 she liked that idea very much . 
 `` all right . '' 
 `` so you see , you can manage quite well without that old harridan . '' 
 `` i guess so . 
 there 's really plenty of time . 
 father ca n't be back in less than a week . 
 we can have everything ready by then , easily . 
 and even have time to practice the warding songs -- the right way . 
 the only other thing left to do is prepare the volva 's special meal . '' 
 astrid stopped , horrorstricken . 
 `` oh no ! '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i do n't know what the volva 's meal is . 
 i know she has special requirements , but i do n't know what they are . '' 
 she sagged . 
 `` i 'm going to have to go apologize to helga . '' 
 `` oh , no , you 're not . 
 the volva wo n't make her prophecy on the first night when she steps off your father 's ship . 
 she 'll be able to tell you what she needs . 
 probably much better than helga could , anyway . 
 or , if it worries you , i can sail up to the western settlement and ask someone there . 
 we 'll manage this by ourselves , you and me . '' 
 astrid smiled at him . 
 `` together . '' 
 torolf grinned back . 
 `` together . '' 
 they went back to picking berries . 
 torolf 's support helped enormously , but astrid was still nervous , sure she would mess up the preparations for the volva somehow . 
 as hard as it had seemed to tell her first stories to the children and especially to torolf , she wished this would be as easy as that ... `` oh ! '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 torolf asked . 
 `` i just thought of something . 
 there 's a description of the volva 's meal in erik the red 's saga . '' 
 `` is there ? 
 well , then , you know what to do , do n't you ? '' 
 astrid smiled . 
 `` yes , i think i do . '' 
 chapter 9 : the volva astrid knew that her father would be back any day now . 
 she 'd done everything she could to prepare , but she could n't help being a little nervous . 
 would it be enough to satisfy the volva ? 
 would her father be upset about her confrontation with helga and the trouble it would almost certainly cause with aric ? 
 `` are you certain we 've done everything right ? '' 
 gerda asked as they prepared for bed . 
 `` do n't you want to ask helga to be sure ? '' 
 `` i most assuredly do n't want to ask helga anything , '' astrid replied . 
 she hoped it sounded more certain than she felt . 
 gerda was like a sister to her , but sometimes she was n't as much help as she could be . 
 astrid settled into her place on the sleeping bench on top of her white bear pelt , which still smelled faintly of fish , but she tossed from side to side rather than falling asleep . 
 her mind kept turning over anything else she could do . 
 after what seemed like hours , she finally fell asleep . 
 in her dream , she found herself again on a bluff overlooking a body of water different than anything she 'd ever seen . 
 on one side , it was wide and still , like a lake , and dotted with islands . 
 she took a moment to realize that in spite of its placid appearance , there was a current even in that wide expanse . 
 not a lake at all , then , not really . 
 a river wider than anything she 'd ever heard of . 
 on the other side was something she could n't explain . 
 the river course was much narrower and more river-like . 
 but far from flowing smoothly , the water was broken into choppy waves like the fjord during a storm . 
 everywhere she looked there were trees , big trees , like the ones torolf had described to her . 
 there were trees around her on the bluff . 
 there were trees on the opposite shore . 
 there were even trees on the islands scattered throughout the river . 
 high and far off , the same strange long-tailed bird circled over the river . 
 it was all more beautiful than anything she could imagine . 
 in her mind , she could see longhouses and fields springing up on some of those islands . 
 a winter would never be killing-cold here , not with so much wood available . 
 she turned around . 
 torolf walked up out of the forest , smiling at her . 
 astrid 's own smile faded as he came nearer . 
 he looked like torolf , but something was off , something about the eyes . 
 torolf 's eyes were blue-gray , like the sky after a storm . 
 this man 's eyes were as blue as the summer sky above them -- and somehow much older and wiser than torolf 's , though his face was the same . 
 `` you 're not torolf . '' 
 the man smiled as if she 'd made a great joke . 
 `` i still am not torolf , though i 'm sure you 'd prefer it if i were . '' 
 astrid searched her memory . 
 `` braggi ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` what is this place ? '' 
 `` somewhere you will see with your waking eyes soon enough , if you follow the path we have laid before you . 
 the journey will not be easy . 
 change never is . 
 but if you have faith in yourself and what you know , you and your people will find this place . '' 
 astrid ducked her head . 
 `` i do n't know anything . '' 
 braggi put his hand under her chin and raised her face until she looked into his eyes . 
 `` you have drunk the mead of poetry . 
 you know more than you think . 
 believe . '' 
 the shadow of the great bird passed over them and astrid looked up . 
 it was huge and not entirely like a bird . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 braggi looked up . 
 `` the thunderbird ? 
 it 's a spirit of this land . 
 you do n't need to worry about it . 
 i 've already taken care of that . '' 
 astrid opened her mouth to reply , but never got the chance . 
 the trees , islands , and even the river faded into the same blue as braggi 's eyes and astrid drifted into another dream -- one with the real torolf . 
 ~ the next afternoon , astrid was leading the other women and girls through one more practice of the warding songs when canute ran in to tell them that her father 's knarr had been sighted sailing up the fjord . 
 everyone trooped out to the beach to meet the ship . 
 astrid saw helga a little farther down the beach . 
 should she send the older woman away again ? 
 astrid shook her head . 
 no . 
 there was no need and no point in escalating the conflict between them . 
 astrid turned her head and pretended she had n't noticed . 
 let helga greet her husband . 
 that was n't the same as allowing her to try to take up power in the chieftain 's household again . 
 that , astrid would not permit . 
 not as long as she was in greenland , anyway . 
 once father sent her off to iceland , she would n't have anything more to say about it . 
 the oarsmen drove the knarr forward onto the beach and the younger men leaped onto the sand . 
 two of them ran to helga . 
 astrid did n't recognize them until they engulfed helga in a double hug . 
 ah , those must be her sons , sven and olaf . 
 they 'd been much younger the last time she 'd seen them . 
 she had n't known that aric and helga had ever intended to call them back from their places beside the paramount chieftain at brattahlid . 
 astrid 's attention was drawn back to the ship , where the other young men rushed to position a gangplank from the ship to the shore . 
 aric strode down it first and went to stand beside helga . 
 then father escorted an old woman down the plank , one hand under her elbow in support . 
 well , the woman was older than helga , but not really as old as astrid had expected . 
 she must be the volva , though . 
 she was dressed almost exactly as the description in erik the red 's saga said she would be . 
 and , from the way father guided her steps , she was either blind or very close to it . 
 the volva wore a black cape that swept the ground , adorned with shells and mother-of-pearl stitched in swirling patterns and a hood of black lambskin . 
 she carried an ornamented distaff with a knob at one end , inlaid with more shells . 
 once they reached the end of the gangplank , father turned slightly toward aric . 
 helga smiled in triumph . 
 astrid stepped forward quickly to intercept them and bowed her head in respect to the volva . 
 `` welcome , honored one . 
 i 've prepared a place where you may rest after your journey . '' 
 `` thank you ... '' `` this is my daughter , astrid , '' father said . 
 astrid took the volva 's other arm to guide her . 
 as they passed aric and helga , who now looked like she 'd swallowed something that tasted bad , astrid paused to speak to helga for the first time since dismissing her . 
 `` i do n't imagine the volva will speak tonight , helga . 
 of course , you will be welcome along with everyone from the surrounding farms tomorrow night . '' 
 she left unsaid the implication that helga was not welcome tonight , but she knew that helga had recognized it , all the same . 
 astrid smiled as they moved on . 
 she led the volva to a place next to the high seat , cushioned with the freshly made pillows and astrid 's own white bear pelt over all . 
 wide swaths of wool had been hung to curtain the place off and provide a little privacy , more than most had in the crowded longhouse . 
 `` this is for you . 
 i hope it 's satisfactory . '' 
 `` yes . 
 thank you , astrid . '' 
 `` if you 're comfortable then , i 'll go and see to the preparations for your supper . '' 
 `` you know what to prepare ? '' 
 the volva asked . 
 `` according to erik 's saga , porridge of goat 's milk and a dish of the hearts of every kind of creature on our farm . '' 
 the volva 's trembling hand reached up to touch astrid 's face . 
 she smiled . 
 `` you know the sagas well . 
 after so many years of winter famine , the hearts of one lamb and one calf will suffice , my dear . '' 
 astrid nodded , pleased . 
 the full meal required by the saga would have strained their resources to survive the next winter . 
 `` as you wish . '' 
 as they walked back down the length of the longhouse , father took astrid 's arm . 
 `` what has happened between you and helga ? '' 
 `` a house can have only one mistress . 
 since we ca n't agree on the running of this one , i think it best that helga keep to her own farm for now . '' 
 father stopped in surprise , letting go of astrid 's arm . 
 she went on toward the door , intending to start the remaining preparations for the volva . 
 at the door , she overheard voices and paused . 
 `` patience , helga . '' 
 it was aric 's voice . 
 `` she leaves for iceland in less than a month . 
 she can marry who she likes there , even ranulf 's brat . 
 it 'll mean nothing to us . 
 once she 's gone , haakon has no heir for his chieftainship . 
 i 'm his cousin and still first among his thingmenn . 
 when he dies , we 'll have his high seat , just as you said . '' 
 `` he may remarry . '' 
 helga 's voice , harsh and bitter . 
 astrid could well imagine her complaining to aric about how astrid had treated her . 
 `` he 's shown no interest in any other woman in almost ten years . 
 besides , he 's growing old to get a son . 
 and how old could such a child be when haakon dies ? 
 surely not old enough to be chieftain after him . 
 we can make sure of that , if need be . '' 
 astrid squared her shoulders and walked out through the door as if she had n't overheard anything . 
 `` aric . 
 helga . 
 i believe the volva will speak tomorrow . 
 until then , i bid you good day . '' 
 as she went out to select the lamb and calf for slaughter , astrid wondered what she could do to warn her father about his most trusted supporter . 
 she did n't think father would believe her if she tried to tell him what she 'd just overheard . 
 aric could probably make him believe she was making it up . 
 ~ that night at supper , the volva sat in the chieftain 's high seat upon the down cushions . 
 she seemed small and frail sitting in father 's place . 
 it made astrid wonder what would happen when she had left for iceland . 
 how long before aric and helga tried to put their plan into action ? 
 and how could she warn her father ? 
 a story came into her mind and astrid shifted uncomfortably . 
 the last few times she 'd thought of a story , she 'd had to tell it before she could say anything else . 
 the last thing she wanted was to stammer out a story in front of her father and the volva . 
 `` what 's wrong , astrid ? '' 
 father asked . 
 `` nothing . 
 it 's nothing . 
 i just thought of a story . '' 
 `` a tale is good entertainment with supper , '' the volva said . 
 astrid swallowed hard . 
 if the volva requested it , there was no way to get out of telling this story . 
 `` i 'm sure it 's one you know already . '' 
 the volva smiled . 
 `` i know all of the stories . 
 but i still enjoy hearing them told . '' 
 `` very well . '' 
 astrid took a swallow of her milk . 
 `` baldur was odin and frigg 's second son and the most beautiful and most beloved of all the gods . 
 when he started to have nightmares about his own death , the other gods were troubled . 
 it 's not a usual thing for a god to dream of his own death . 
 when frigg had the same nightmares , she was frantic for her son 's safety . 
 knowing that dreams are often prophetic ... '' astrid swallowed down a knot of panic at that thought , but she had to go on . 
 `` frigg determined to do something about it . 
 she went all over the world , making every object in midgard swear never to harm baldur . 
 everything gave its oath , except the mistletoe , which frigg considered too young to swear and too harmless to worry over . 
 `` once this was done , everyone , including baldur , relaxed . 
 in fact , they started to have some fun with it . 
 since nothing would touch a hair of baldur 's head , no matter who threw it or how hard , it became a favorite pastime of the gods to throw things at baldur and watch them bounce off or fly over him . 
 `` one god did n't enjoy this new game . 
 loki was jealous of baldur and he had n't been as troubled as the others by baldur 's nightmares . 
 when loki learned that frigg had overlooked a single plant , he fashioned a magical spear from the mistletoe . 
 baldur 's brother , hodur , was n't able to take part in the game because he was blind . 
 loki offered to help hodur join in the fun . 
 he placed the spear in hodur 's hand and guided his aim . 
 when hodur threw the spear , it pierced baldur 's chest and killed him . 
 `` baldur 's wife , nanna , died of grief . 
 they were given the most lavish funeral ever seen by the grief-stricken gods . 
 baldur and nanna were laid on baldur 's great ship , the largest in the world , to be burned . 
 the ship was so big that the gods were forced to call on a giantess to push it into the sea . 
 many treasures were burned along with them and thor consecrated the fire with his great hammer , mjollnir . 
 frigg was inconsolable over the loss . 
 eventually a messenger was sent to hel to offer a ransom for the return of baldur . 
 hel agreed to allow baldur to return , but only if everything , alive and dead , would weep for him . 
 once again , frigg set out to beg everything to weep for baldur . 
 everything did , except for one giantess who refused to mourn baldur . 
 so baldur was forced to remain in hel until ragnarok . 
 `` the gods discovered that the giantess who refused to weep for baldur was really loki in disguise . 
 for his betrayal , the gods hunted him down . 
 they bound him to three rocks and tied a serpent above him so that the serpent 's venom drips onto loki 's face . 
 loki 's wife sits by him and catches the venom in a cup . 
 but when the cup is full , she has to empty it . 
 then the venom drips onto loki and he writhes in such agony that all of midgard quakes . 
 and there he will stay until ragnarok . '' 
 astrid took a swallow of her milk to fill the hole inside that always seemed to be left after she told a story . 
 father raised his drinking horn in silent toast to astrid as she finished the story . 
 `` very well told . 
 when did you learn to tell a tale like that ? '' 
 astrid ducked her head . 
 `` it 's come upon me lately . '' 
 `` i think that there is more behind your daughter 's gift -- and her story -- than you know , haakon , '' the volva said . 
 astrid stole a quick glance , but the volva had returned to her meal . 
 ~ after the meal , astrid helped the volva to her private sleeping area again . 
 she lingered , not quite daring to ask what was on her mind . 
 `` is there something you would ask of me ? '' 
 the volva asked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 astrid fingered the oval pins that held the straps of her apron skirt together at the shoulders . 
 it was a particularly fine pair , joined by a string of beads , that she only wore on special occasions . 
 the only thing she had that had been her mother 's . 
 she started to undo the right hand pin . 
 `` it 's been in my mind to ask you about a dream -- two dreams -- that i 've had . 
 i do n't have much to offer you . 
 these pins are the best i have . '' 
 the volva stopped her . 
 `` what use are pretty beads to me ? 
 besides , i think the story of your dreams may have a bearing on the prophecy i must make tomorrow . 
 tell me your dreams . '' 
 astrid told the dreams as succinctly as she could . 
 `` this young man who was not -- quite -- torolf , '' the volva asked when she had finished . 
 `` did he give a name ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 he called himself braggi . '' 
 the old woman huffed in surprise . 
 `` did he ? 
 well , well . 
 and the cup he made you drink from ? 
 did he give a name for that , too ? '' 
 astrid was quiet a moment before she answered in a rush . 
 `` he said it was the mead of poetry . 
 which is ridiculous . 
 but ... ever since that first dream , my head has been full of stories . 
 old stories , sagas , and even some stories that i ca n't remember ever hearing before . 
 and it 's like i have to tell them . 
 what does it mean ? '' 
 the volva patted her hand . 
 `` like the prophecy your father has asked for , i must sleep on it and then see what the spirits have to say tomorrow . 
 i think your stories have already answered some of your questions . 
 braggi is the god of eloquence , patron of bards . 
 the mead of poetry is a rare drink , usually reserved for kings . 
 and yes , in this case , i think your dreams were quite literally true . 
 this much i 'm sure of : you are a part of the answer to your father 's question . 
 i 'll have more to say tomorrow . '' 
 reluctantly , astrid ducked her head in acceptance and left the volva to her privacy . 
 when she had retired to her own bed , minus her white bear pelt , which was still loaned to the volva , astrid lay awake for a long time . 
 chapter 10 : the volva 's prophesy in the morning , the volva assembled all the girls and women to hear them sing the ward songs . 
 helga was there , too . 
 astrid decided that since she 'd told the older woman she could come for the volva 's prophecy , it would be silly to object to her showing up a little early . 
 the volva asked them to sing the songs as they knew them . 
 helga 's voice was loudest , insisting on her version of the song . 
 with helga standing among them , all of the others sang helga 's version , except gerda . 
 even gerda faltered , stammering first astrid 's version , then helga 's , then astrid 's again . 
 astrid winced . 
 they had n't trusted her after all . 
 they 'd only gone along with her , but secretly they still followed helga . 
 at first , her voice wavered . 
 then she lifted her chin and sang the correct version even more loudly . 
 the volva shook her head . 
 `` among all of you , only one knows the true version . 
 i had hoped for better . 
 still , i am not surprised that it is you , astrid , who will sing the ward songs for me this afternoon . '' 
 astrid could feel helga 's scowl without turning around to see it . 
 she shrugged her shoulders as if casting it off and grinned at the volva . 
 `` but do n't let your voice falter like that again , '' the volva said . 
 `` you must believe to give power to the song . '' 
 astrid 's smile did n't slip . 
 `` yes , volva . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i was just surprised . 
 i had taught the others the correct words . 
 they knew them day before yesterday . 
 it must be the excitement of your presence . '' 
 the volva smiled back , a smile that showed more teeth than humor , and her face turned toward helga . 
 `` i doubt that very much , girl . 
 but at least one of you has the right of it . 
 that 's what counts . '' 
 the men had been busy creating a raised platform , which they set up on the wide bench near the inmost end of the longhouse . 
 father and aric assisted the volva up to the top of the platform . 
 the girls and women arranged themselves around the base of the platform in a ward circle , astrid at the front . 
 as astrid began to chant the ward songs , the other women accompanied her with clapping and the volva began to sway to the rhythm , surprisingly graceful for a blind old woman . 
 the volva continued to sway and spin for a long time , then , abruptly , she stopped and sat down on the top of the platform . 
 she touched astrid 's shoulder to let her know she could stop the chant . 
 astrid rubbed at her throat , which was raw from singing for so long . 
 the hush in the crowded room was charged with anticipation . 
 only the sounds of breathing broke the silence until the volva finally spoke . 
 `` the spirits have given me vision into the future . '' 
 for the first time since she had arrived , her voice sounded truly old . 
 `` in this land , there is only death . 
 the winters will only grow longer and colder . 
 only a few more generations will survive here . 
 the future lies across the sea . '' 
 `` back to iceland ? '' 
 father asked , his voice rough . 
 father , a chieftain here in greenland , could hardly look forward to emigrating to iceland as a landless man . 
 the volva shook her head . 
 `` for some , the future may lead in that direction , but not for you haakon , or yours . 
 your future lies to the west , in markland . 
 and the gods have given you a guide for this journey . '' 
 `` you will come with us , then ? '' 
 father asked . 
 `` not i. i am old and i will die in the land of my birth . 
 the gods have given you a much younger guide , as befits such an undertaking . '' 
 the volva 's trembling hand reached out to astrid 's shoulder again . 
 `` astrid has been appointed and prepared by the old gods themselves to guide your steps . 
 if you follow the guidance they give you through her , you will succeed in this . '' 
 the volva sagged slightly . 
 `` that is all that i have seen on this question . 
 now the others may come forward and ask their questions , while the sight is still with me . '' 
 her grip tightened on astrid 's shoulder . 
 `` you first , child . '' 
 `` me ! 
 how do you expect me to lead anyone ? 
 i do n't know anything about markland . 
 i do n't know anything about anything . 
 i 'm just a girl . 
 nobody listens to me . '' 
 except torolf . 
 `` i said guide , not lead . 
 and your father listened to you last night . '' 
 `` last night ! 
 that was just a story . '' 
 `` yes . 
 and stories are your gift , now , astrid . 
 stories are powerful . 
 they can reach us when nothing else can . 
 teach them . 
 inspire them . 
 believe in your dreams . 
 believe in yourself . 
 there will be trials and tears , but if you are steadfast , you will gain what you most desire . 
 you will be the mother of a long , inventive , and successful line . '' 
 astrid stepped aside as the others began to crowd forward to ask personal questions of the volva . 
 she looked around for torolf . 
 she preferred to think about that part of the volva 's prophecy . 
 getting what she most desired and founding a long and successful line could mean only one thing to her -- torolf . 
 and markland , if her dreams were any sample of it , seemed like a very good place for their future life together . 
 torolf was in the crowd waiting to ask a question of his own , so astrid got herself a drink to ease her dry throat and walked down the hall to where her father and his thingmenn stood in discussion . 
 `` markland ! 
 three times our forebears tried to settle vinland and failed each time . 
 what makes her think we 'll have any better luck in markland ? '' 
 aric said . 
 `` what would you rather , aric ? '' 
 father said . 
 `` if , as she says , the winters will only get worse here ? 
 we barely survived last winter . 
 many of us would n't have if astrid had n't found that whale . 
 if that 's how it will be here , our only choices are iceland , under the thumb of the norwegian king , as landless men , or make our own way in markland . '' 
 his eyes took on a faraway look . 
 `` it 's been many years since i was last in markland . 
 before my ship got blown back to iceland and i came home with a wife instead of the timber i 'd gone to harvest . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` astrid 's mother . 
 i remember the forests , though . 
 it will be good to go back there again . '' 
 `` what about the dragons ? '' 
 ranulf said . 
 `` the volva made no mention of them . 
 how are we to deal with that ? '' 
 `` no one 's ever actually seen the dragons , '' father said . 
 `` there are only the half-understood stories of the skraelings . '' 
 `` there 's some reason that the skraelings avoid that area , '' ranulf said . 
 `` dragon 's have been slain before , by determined men . '' 
 astrid 's voice came out as a croak . 
 `` what do you know of these things , girl ? '' 
 aric asked , turning on her . 
 `` do n't let that nonsense about being chosen as our guide go to your head . '' 
 the story was in astrid 's head already . 
 though her throat still hurt and she did n't want to face down these three stern men , she could no more keep from telling it than she could choose not to breathe . 
 `` when his foster-father sent sigurd to kill the dragon , fafnir , he instructed sigurd to dig a pit in the trail fafnir used to go from his cave to the stream . 
 sigurd was to hide in this pit so that he could strike up into fafnir 's heart as he went down to drink . 
 `` sigurd began to dig , but he was interrupted by an old man with a long beard who asked what he was doing . 
 the old man , who was actually odin in disguise , suggested that sigurd should also dig trenches away from the pit so that fafnir 's blood could drain away and not drown sigurd as he lay in the pit . 
 sigurd did as the old man suggested . 
 `` when the pit and the trenches were ready , the quaking of the earth alerted sigurd that fafnir was approaching . 
 sigurd jumped into the pit to be ready . 
 when the dragon crawled across his position , sigurd stabbed him with his sword , mortally wounding fafnir . '' 
 there was more to that story . 
 fafnir 's prediction that all who possessed his treasure would die and the betrayal by sigurd 's foster-father as well as sigurd learning the language of birds by tasting some of fafnir 's blood , but astrid felt no compulsion to continue the story . 
 the hollow after-story feeling was deeper this time , doubled by her sense of futility . 
 by all the gods -- small and large , old and new -- what did the volva think astrid could accomplish by telling stories to men like these ? 
 they 'd never listen to her seriously . 
 they certainly never had . 
 she could tell by their expressions that they were n't really listening now , either . 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 aric said . 
 `` which of us do you cast as sigurd , foolish girl ? 
 none of us here have a sword which can cut an anvil in two . '' 
 `` now , aric , '' father said . 
 `` the volva did say astrid was to be our guide . 
 it seems unwise to mock her . 
 besides , she is my daughter and deserving of your respect for that alone . '' 
 the volva did n't understand . 
 astrid had known aric would never take her or her story seriously . 
 and she was sure her father had only indulged her , so she just smiled at her father and stepped outside where it was quieter . 
 chapter 11 : changed plans torolf fidgeted , his hands clenching and unclenching , as he waited for his turn to ask the volva the most important question of his life . 
 his thoughts swirled too fast for him to grasp onto them . 
 torolf loved markland . 
 he 'd often argued with his father that life could be good there . 
 he 'd be excited at the prospect of going there now , if it were n't for one thing . 
 if they all emigrated to markland , then astrid would once again be the chieftain 's daughter , his only child , and heir to his chieftainship . 
 not that she could be chieftain herself , but her husband likely would be and haakon would bear that in mind when selecting her mate . 
 torolf was the son of one of haakon 's least important thingmenn . 
 maybe even less important now than before . 
 pa 's value was in his abilities as a seaman . 
 in a new markland colony , that might have significantly less importance . 
 he 'd been counting on astrid 's reduction in status to put her within reach . 
 had he just lost any chance with her ? 
 was he going to have to stand by while haakon handed her off to someone else ? 
 he was n't sure he could take that . 
 it was his turn . 
 torolf stepped up to the volva . 
 `` will i ... will astrid ... '' the volva smiled . 
 `` you 're torolf , are n't you ? '' 
 he looked up . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` well , torolf , i wo n't say that your path will be easy . 
 there are few easy paths in this . 
 but if you remain true , no matter what obstacles come between you , you will win what you most want in the end . '' 
 torolf took a deep breath , hardly believing that the volva could mean what he thought ... what he wanted her to mean . 
 the next person was waiting so torolf stepped aside and moved toward the door . 
 he wanted some time to think and the longhouse was too crowded for that . 
 he looked up to see astrid coming back up the shore with an armload of driftwood . 
 maybe she needed to get out of the crowded longhouse , too . 
 torolf took a step forward to help her with her burden and then stopped . 
 he had n't worked out in his own mind how he felt about this new turn of events , yet . 
 or whether he quite believed the volva 's assurances . 
 he was n't sure he was ready to talk to astrid until he had . 
 she hurried her steps toward him , though . 
 he had n't the heart to turn away from the joy shining in her face . 
 `` torolf ! 
 is n't it thrilling ? 
 i thought iceland would be exciting , but markland is so much more . 
 a whole new world to build in together . 
 i ca n't wait to see the forests you described to me . '' 
 torolf forced a smile . 
 `` i suppose it is . '' 
 `` what 's wrong ? 
 i thought you liked markland , the way you talked about it . '' 
 `` i do , but ... '' `` but what ? '' 
 `` it 's not quite what i was expecting . 
 you 'll still be a chieftain 's daughter . 
 and i 'll be just ... '' astrid dropped her driftwood and grasped his hand . 
 `` you 'll still be the one who saved me from the ice bear . 
 the first one who really listened to me or my stories . 
 the only one who ever wanted to fight helga or aric for me . 
 the only one i ... '' torolf squeezed her hand . 
 `` the volva did say that if i remain true in spite of the obstacles , i would have what i want most . '' 
 astrid smiled . 
 `` she said almost the same thing to me . '' 
 torolf shrugged . 
 `` i guess it all just seemed more possible when we were going to be of more equal rank . '' 
 astrid tossed her long braid . 
 `` what has that got to do with it ? 
 especially in markland . 
 it 's not as if there 'll be the sons of other chieftains there . 
 who else would i marry but the son of one of father 's thingmenn ? '' 
 `` but aric and helga have sons , too . 
 your father may consider them more worthy . '' 
 `` i barely remember sven and olaf . 
 they 've been at brattahlid since i was little . 
 and they certainly never paid much attention to me before that . 
 aric may choose to leave them here , anyway . 
 he 's against going to markland . '' 
 she tossed her braid again . 
 `` it does n't matter anyway . 
 mother made father promise not to marry me to anyone without my consent . 
 and i certainly will never agree to have helga and aric as my in-laws ! '' 
 torolf laughed at that . 
 `` no . 
 that would be ... uncomfortable . '' 
 `` that would be impossible , '' astrid corrected him . 
 torolf leaned forward until his forehead was against astrid 's . 
 `` it 's just that i want so much -- '' astrid tilted her face up and kissed him lightly . 
 torolf 's breath caught in his throat . 
 nothing was impossible , if they just remained true . 
 chapter 12 : plots aric and helga stood in the shadow of the longhouse door , far enough from the crowd inside to speak privately for a moment . 
 `` well , now what ? '' 
 helga asked . 
 aric shook his head . 
 `` i need to think . 
 if the volva 's prophecy is true , it might be better to go with haakon to markland . 
 it will be hard work to settle a new land , but otherwise the plan wo n't have to change that much . 
 or , we might decide to stay here and take over the high seat as soon as haakon sets sail . '' 
 helga looked around the small settlement huddling between the fjord and the steep slopes . 
 `` a successful settlement in markland would have room for more than one chieftain . 
 we need to make sure there are enough men in the expedition who will support our side when the time comes . 
 with luck , both of our sons could become chieftains . 
 either way , i 'm glad you brought sven and olaf home . '' 
 `` well , i was thinking of sending them both back to recruit their friends for the new settlement . 
 men they trust . '' 
 `` good idea . '' 
 helga looked out the doorway and hissed . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 aric asked . 
 helga pointed to where astrid and torolf were standing close together on the shore . 
 `` that is a problem if she 's not going to iceland after all . 
 that must be discouraged . 
 she must be unmarried or married to one of our boys after all . '' 
 aric nodded grimly . 
 `` leave that to me . '' 
 `` how do you plan to make a lovesick boy change his mind ? 
 or her ? 
 she 's more stubborn than i expected . '' 
 aric grinned . 
 `` i wo n't . 
 i 'll convince his father to do it for me . 
 and the sooner the better . '' 
 helga grinned in response and reached up to pat aric 's bearded cheek . 
 `` ah , smart man . '' 
 aric rubbed his chin . 
 `` maybe i should send olaf back to brattahlid alone . 
 keep sven here to make himself agreeable to astrid . '' 
 helga squinted as she watched astrid and torolf . 
 `` no . 
 your original plan is best . 
 we 'll need all the friends they can muster to support us when the time comes . 
 and astrid will need some time to get used to torolf 's absence . 
 push her too soon and she might never turn to either sven or olaf . '' 
 `` hmm . 
 well , it wo n't hurt to drop a word or two into haakon 's ears . '' 
 `` ack ! 
 are you an imbecile ? 
 the best way to make sure she clings to torolf is for her father to be against him . '' 
 helga cocked her head to the side . 
 `` this will require delicacy . 
 let me talk to haakon . 
 we do n't want him to push her too hard , but it wo n't hurt us if he refuses to approve of their marriage . 
 or if he thinks favorably of sven instead . '' 
 ~ `` if you 're set on this , haakon , '' aric said , `` we 'll need more than we have available here for the new colony to have a decent chance . 
 most of our seed is already in the ground , for one thing . 
 most of what 's left will have to be used for food this winter . 
 we 'll need fresh seed to plant . 
 perhaps it would be best to wait until next year . '' 
 haakon chewed his lower lip . 
 after a moment he gave his head a shake . 
 `` no . 
 we need people more than we need seed . 
 if we have another winter as bad as the last , how many will we lose to starvation and fevers ? '' 
 aric rubbed his hand over his chin as if he was thinking . 
 `` well , if we need more people , then perhaps we should put out the word to the other settlements . 
 i 'm sure there are others who would be willing to go . 
 sven and olaf could probably recruit some strong young men from the east settlement . '' 
 `` good thinking , '' haakon said . 
 he turned to ranulf . 
 `` as for the rest , you were already prepared for a trading trip to iceland . 
 can you leave tomorrow ? 
 take the volva back to brattahlid on your way and then sail on to iceland . 
 meet us in markland as early as you can . '' 
 ranulf took a long swig of his mead . 
 `` yes , i think we could . 
 but we might not be able to make it to iceland and back to markland this season . 
 it could be next year before we join you . '' 
 haakon nodded . 
 `` i understand . 
 do the best you can . '' 
 `` how will we find you ? '' 
 ranulf asked . 
 `` we 'll sail up the river from leif 's booths , '' haakon said . 
 `` i 'm thinking one of those islands just downstream of the rapids would be a good place to start . 
 defensible . 
 easy to keep the herds contained and protected . 
 we should n't be too hard to find that way , but if you do n't join us by the end of the season , we 'll send a ship back to leif 's booths to guide you . '' 
 ranulf nodded . 
 `` we 'd best make a list of what we 'll be needing then . 
 seed is obvious . 
 more breeding stock , if i can get it . 
 what else ? '' 
 the talk went on for a long time . 
 it was after midnight when ranulf pushed himself to his feet . 
 `` if i 'm to sail on the tide , i 'd better find my bed . '' 
 `` probably time we all got some sleep , '' aric said and stood to follow ranulf . 
 when they reached the door , aric grabbed ranulf 's arm . 
 `` the voyage to iceland is chancy enough . 
 to sail there and then back to markland is very risky . '' 
 `` it can be done , '' ranulf said . 
 `` i 've done it in reverse , once . 
 to markland and from markland to iceland . '' 
 `` we all know your worth as a sailor , ranulf . 
 but perhaps it would be better not to place both you and your son at so much risk at the same time , '' aric said . 
 ranulf shrugged . 
 `` it 's in my mind to leave torolf here and let him sail with haakon . 
 he knows the route to markland . 
 he could be of use to haakon . '' 
 `` i would n't recommend that . 
 i was thinking it would be better to follow your original plan and leave him in iceland . '' 
 `` but that would mean separating him from astrid . 
 he wo n't like that . '' 
 `` he 's young . 
 he 'll find another pretty face and forget all about her . 
 that 's how young men are . '' 
 `` i do n't know -- '' `` allow me to be clearer . 
 things have changed . 
 now that haakon is taking astrid with him to markland instead of sending her to iceland , whoever she marries will be the next chieftain . '' 
 ranulf took a step back . 
 `` i had n't thought of that . '' 
 `` well , think about this . 
 internal conflict would be disastrous for the new colony . 
 and i 'm not the only one of haakon 's thingmenn who would be unwilling to follow a boy barely old enough to grow a beard . '' 
 `` haakon is a strong man . 
 it 'll be years before the selection of the next chieftain will be an issue . '' 
 aric took a step closer . 
 `` whether this year or in ten years , you do n't want that boy of yours to have to fight me and my sons , do you ? 
 it would be better for him to stay in iceland . '' 
 aric turned and strode away towards his farm . 
 about the author professionally , i 've been a financial analyst and a visual basic programmer . 
 i also have a paralegal certificate , although i 've never worked in that field . 
 it 's anybody 's guess what i 'll be when i grow up . 
 imagining stories and writing have always been an important part of my life . 
 it 's one i finally got to spend a significant amount of time on while i cared for my mother who had alzheimer 's disease . 
 discover other my other titles at smashwords : short stories or novellas : heart of oak becoming lioness the music box novels : blood will tell blood is thicker chimeria omnibus -lrb- blood will tell and blood is thicker -rrb- fire and earth the bard 's gift connect with me online at http://meredithmansfield.wordpress.com 
