 the pit priestess by c.s. thompson copyright 2014 by christopher scott thompson published by christopher scott thompson at smashwords smashwords edition , license notes thank you for downloading this ebook . 
 you are welcome to share it with your friends . 
 this book may be reproduced , copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes , provided the book remains in its complete original form . 
 if you enjoyed this book , please return to your favorite ebook retailer to discover other works by this author . 
 thank you for your support . 
 table of contents the pit priestess extras the night wanderer the flowers of evil : selected translations from baudelaire about c.s. thompson other books by c.s. thompson connect with c.s. thompson a story of nottamun bizarre , dark and extreme urban fantasy set in the fictional city of nottamun , setting of the noctiviganti series . 
 `` there are not many authors , even in the gothic urban fantasy genres who dare to handle the darker sides of insanity and the occult as brazenly as thompson does ... '' -lrb- alan rogers -rrb- `` an astonishing tour de force of noir fantasy , characterized by some of the most beautifully lyrical , atmospheric writing i 've come across in a long while . 
 chris thompson skilfully blends the mean streets with the streets of dreams in this highly evocative concoction , offering the reader bafflement , dazzlement , gritty hard-boiled realism , wonder and astonishment in turn -- but always delight . 
 a season of strange dreams will remain in your mind long after you 've turned the final page . '' 
 -lrb- john grant , co-editor of the encyclopedia of fantasy -rrb- `` c.s.thompson summons up a darkly poetic masterpiece in a season of strange dreams . 
 enter the life of jim rankin , the nightwalker , who slips between the fabric of the dark city of nottamun and the blackness of a dreamworld known as the fringe . 
 as the border of the two mysterious worlds loses definition , the nightwalker travels through violence , memories and self-judgement to find a way to salvation . 
 thompson 's writing is brilliant . 
 the imagery of his words is equal to the paintings of h.r.giger ; horrible , cruel and seductive . 
 if you enjoyed neil gaiman 's neverwhere , read a season of strange dreams . '' 
 -lrb- i. hunter , portland , me -rrb- `` the tales themselves are generally of small-time gangsters ... of murderers , of those who live on or beyond the fringes of the law ... some of the tales draw heavily upon the supernatural , such as the title story , whose protagonist is murdered but does not die , all give the impression that , even if the supernatural is not on stage during this particular segment of thompson 's world-depiction , it is waiting in the wings , its cold breath audible to the players . '' 
 -lrb- john grant -rrb- a season of strange dreams -lrb- noctiviganti , # 1 -rrb- and then the night -lrb- noctiviganti , # 2 -rrb- city of constant silence -lrb- noctiviganti , # 3 -rrb- for now we wait -lrb- noctiviganti , # 4 -rrb- tree of a thousand eyes -lrb- noctiviganti , # 5 -rrb- river of doorways -lrb- noctiviganti , # 6 -rrb- last days of the night kingdom -lrb- noctiviganti , # 7 -rrb- the pit priestess she did n't come down here often . 
 she never had . 
 the docks had been her brother 's kingdom ; his place for brooding . 
 she had seen little point in it . 
 the past was inescapable , although it held nothing useful . 
 but she could still remember him . 
 she could almost see an image of him even now - a shadow against the lobster pots , staring off at the atlantic . 
 staring at something he had been unable to erase before it swallowed him . 
 she shuddered and crossed herself instinctively . 
 there was a cold wind coming up . 
 she could see black clouds coming in from the east , like blood in the sink when you wake up in the morning - a reminder that worse things are coming , worse things are always coming , though you can rarely see their shape . 
 the docks were his graveyard , now , and that broken board was his tombstone . 
 so she would do what she came here to do . 
 she needed his blessing for this enterprise . 
 `` hello , brother , '' she said quietly , `` i brought you something . '' 
 she took out a pint bottle of jack daniels bourbon . 
 `` i thought you might be craving some of this down in fiddler 's green . '' 
 she unscrewed the cap from the bottle and poured it out between the boards . 
 it mixed in with the water and the kerosene , an empty pack of cigarettes , and a broken beer bottle . 
 she threw her empty bottle in after it . 
 `` without you , it 's cold here , '' she whispered , `` but i 'll find out the answer . 
 no matter what i have to pay . '' 
 his voice in her memory was as bitter as always . 
 `` you wo n't be the one who pays . 
 you never are . '' 
 she stopped at a payphone . 
 she had one little errand to do , and then she could sit down for a drink . 
 she punched in seven numbers and added coins . 
 then she waited for an answer . 
 `` hi joe . 
 it 's off tonight . 
 angel canceled . 
 yeah , i 'll tell him . '' 
 joe was the boss of the saxon youth , and angel was one of the bosses of the vikings motorcycle club . 
 she had just created a little chaos . 
 she hung up and walked across the street . 
 if they recognized her , they pretended not to . 
 the place was changed now , or it wanted to imagine it was . 
 no more shamrocks in the window . 
 no more green beer on st. patrick 's day . 
 time had passed , and she was invisible . 
 to be forgotten was a strange kind of comfort . 
 she ordered a tequila sunrise and felt like an innocent person . 
 she sat down at the end of the bar and looked around at all the people . 
 people chattering like jungle birds and flirting awkwardly like teenagers , people dancing badly and people drinking in silence . 
 she sometimes thought that this was a planet of phantoms , a world of brash ghosts who hid from their own deaths in frantic motion . 
 she liked the quiet , lonely drinkers because they admitted the truth . 
 they sedated themselves against it , but they admitted it . 
 they did n't just ape life as if it was something they possessed . 
 she had only ever known a few people who were truly alive . 
 and they were n't alive anymore . 
 she was the only one left . 
 sometimes when she sat up at night staring off into the blackness , she could still catch a glimpse of them , falling forever into the abyss . 
 sometimes she saw other things too , coming up out of the pit . 
 she wondered what would happen if she jumped down there after them , if she chased them into the void of the abyss , to whatever was at the bottom . 
 but she could n't catch her brother down there . 
 he was gone beyond chasing . 
 it was the beginning of the month - three days into it . 
 three days of these undead fantasies . 
 three days of dulled thoughts , dull dreams , churning at the air around his head like a flock of birds . 
 a world blurred by nightmares , like a ruined watercolor . 
 indistinct memories of something unthinkable . 
 now and then it came clear again , and he started to shake . 
 every year it was the same . 
 he would come down here and think about her . 
 they used to come here together , when it was called the shamrock . 
 they used to meet here and drink coffee . 
 he drank nothing but coffee now , and he spoke to no one . 
 and yet they avoided him as if they knew he was dangerous . 
 her note had said i hate you . 
 the letters were purple and wide , shaped like tiny bubbles , like the script of a sweet little girl . 
 he had picked up that blue piece of paper , and he had smiled just to see it . 
 but her note had said i hate you . 
 and they had never found any sign of her . 
 it 's true that people find each other sometimes . 
 she could see him . 
 he was one of the quiet ones . 
 she could tell by the way his eyes stared emptily that he was trying to kill memories , racing against something vast behind him whose slow steps he could n't hope to outrun . 
 her brother had done the same thing , and it had caught up with him in the end . 
 perhaps he would n't want to be alone . 
 she sat down beside him and he was pleasantly surprised . 
 no woman had done that in a very long time . 
 certainly not during the month . 
 no , never then . 
 she had curly dark hair that fell down to her shoulders . 
 she wore a white shirt and a black skirt . 
 and she was smiling . 
 the message of that smile was not at all ambiguous . 
 she was hinting at promises she might make him very soon . 
 `` would you buy me a drink ? '' 
 she asked him sweetly . 
 he almost dropped his money doing so . 
 bernie `` cujo '' benoit walked in the door with a long coat draped over his arm and a briefcase in his left hand . 
 he did n't order anything at the bar . 
 he was here for one reason only . 
 the sign beside the doorway had said `` no colors please . '' 
 but this would have meant very little to him even if he 'd been literate . 
 the back of his coat said vikings mc for a reason . 
 if it did n't mean he could do any damn thing he wanted then it did n't mean anything . 
 he sat down at a booth along the wall , where he could see the door . 
 he was early for this appointment , just as angel had instructed him . 
 they did n't know whether the saxon youth were businessmen or just glorified gutter punks . 
 if they came here with the money to pay him , they would leave with the briefcase . 
 otherwise , they 'd leave dead . 
 the newest owner of the bar that used to be called the shamrock saw cujo benoit walk in and sit down without ordering . 
 he could n't tolerate those one-percenters - every mother 's son of them should have been strangled at birth . 
 walking abortions who could n't even scrape off the top layer of their own filth before they came in to demand his money . 
 once , they 'd collected for fat angelo . 
 god knows that was bad enough , though it was the good old days compared to the chaos that had followed . 
 when the italians started using cockroaches like that to pick up their cash for them - well , they were on the way out then and that was the sign . 
 and without the italians , it was even worse . 
 there was n't really any money to be made , no money worth speaking of . 
 so the animals all got more vicious with every passing year , crawling over each other and anyone who stood in the way , fighting pointlessly epic battles for ever smaller scraps of cheese . 
 apache 's crew , bible mark 's crew , the saxon youth . 
 and now the fucking vikings again , coming in from the suburbs . 
 coming in here as if they were gangsters . 
 well , he 'd known real gangsters , real outlaws , and he 'd show them the difference . 
 if cujo was here to meet someone , that was one thing , though it was a sad commentary on the state of things . 
 if he was here to ask for money , that was something else entirely . 
 he chambered a round in his handgun and waited . 
 he would n't wait for very long . 
 `` so , what 's your name ? '' 
 she asked him . 
 `` i 'm jeffrey , '' he said . 
 he passed her the drink she had ordered , another tequila sunrise . 
 she smiled at him and held his eyes , and it almost shocked him out of his memories . 
 this girl could make him unique . 
 for that one moment , as she was looking at him , he was the only man in the world . 
 and then she took it away . 
 she was staring at the colors in her drink as they blended chaos into order . 
 as she watched them , they became homogenous . 
 they became a thin , bright red . 
 he wanted her to smile at him again . 
 but she was saving that for later . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 she asked him quietly . 
 `` should n't i be asking you that ? '' 
 it was a weak line and he knew it . 
 she did n't laugh at it to flatter him . 
 she would n't insult his intelligence like that . 
 she just glanced at him with honest sympathy , a warmhearted affection for his fearful clumsiness . 
 she knew this was n't easy for him . 
 she understood . 
 `` well , you see , the thing is ... '' he said . 
 she put one finger on his lips . 
 `` why do n't i tell you , '' she said quietly , `` it will be easier for both of us . '' 
 he did n't say anything . 
 he just looked at her , wondering . 
 her face was the most gentle thing he had ever seen . 
 `` you lost someone once , '' she said . 
 he snorted . 
 that was easy enough . 
 `` you do n't want to remember , but you do n't want to forget . '' 
 she was watching his face closely , as if looking for clues . 
 as if she was homing in on a scent . 
 `` you blame yourself , '' she went on , `` or you wonder if you should . 
 could i have saved this person , you ask . 
 could i have said something , done something . 
 if i had been someone else ... '' she thought about her brother , floating . 
 how she had never tried to stop him . 
 jeffrey shifted in his chair uncomfortably . 
 she went on , still quiet . 
 `` and the worst thing of all is that other people blame you . 
 they were n't a part of the situation . 
 they never really knew her . 
 but they still make assumptions , do n't they ? 
 they point fingers . 
 and all along , you wonder . 
 maybe these things they 're saying about me are n't too far from the truth . 
 not literally , of course . 
 you did n't do anything wrong . 
 but you ask yourself if you contributed . 
 you ask yourself if you did everything you could . '' 
 he started shaking . 
 she leaned closer to him . 
 `` it 's okay , sweetie . 
 i know it is n't your fault . 
 i can tell just by looking at you . 
 i know you tried to protect her . 
 you 're just that type . 
 it 's not your fault it went bad . '' 
 she leaned in even closer now , and put one hand on his back . 
 she kissed his cheek softly , and then she smiled . 
 he would have given her anything . 
 `` how did you do that ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 'm good at reading people . 
 i know what they 're going to do . '' 
 she glanced at the owner . 
 `` that must be a useful skill , '' he laughed . 
 she nodded solemnly . 
 `` it is . 
 but it is n't like mind reading , jeffrey . 
 i 'm not a psychic . 
 it 's just that i observe people . 
 i watch them . 
 and they become obvious to me in time . '' 
 `` that sounds a little sinister , '' he said . 
 he was joking now . 
 as if he was the one in charge here . 
 he still preferred to believe that this was a game she played , an aspect of their courtship , even if she might rescue him . 
 `` people are all connected , '' she said . 
 he watched her lips move . 
 `` people are put together like the parts of a machine . 
 but sometimes a part gets left out . 
 you have an unconnected person then . 
 and the sad thing is that if you 're not part of that machine , it ca n't do anything for you . '' 
 he shuddered suddenly . 
 yes , that 's what it was like . 
 ever since she disappeared , he 'd been an unconnected person . 
 a useless gear that turned nothing . 
 a leftover piece . 
 `` what do you do then ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 he was now much more attentive . 
 oh yes , her lips were wonderful , and he still wanted to watch them . 
 he wanted to kiss them , to bite them softly - but he also wanted to listen . 
 because what if she knew ? 
 `` you throw a wrench in the machine , '' she said , `` just to see what happens . '' 
 the owner stood up . 
 `` i know what you 're doing here , '' the owner said angrily . 
 cujo looked up at him . 
 this was just what he needed . 
 first the little glue-sniffers stand him up , and now this . 
 well , there 's a limit to what a man can tolerate . 
 especially when he has a shotgun hidden under his coat . 
 `` yeah , what ? '' 
 `` you 're here to take my money , '' said the owner , `` as soon as the crowd thins out . 
 you think i 'm going to pay you to protect my business . 
 well i 'm not giving you a fucking dime . '' 
 `` you got it all wrong , my friend . 
 but that 's not a bad idea . '' 
 if he came back with a little money , angel might not lose his temper . 
 the owner showed bernie his gun . 
 `` you think because you used to collect for the italians , that means you can be the italians ? 
 not a fucking chance . '' 
 customers were now disappearing as discreetly as possible . 
 `` i 'm not italian , '' said bernie . 
 `` i 'm french . 
 and you just dug your own grave . '' 
 he looked the owner in the eyes . 
 bernie had known some scary men in his time - a lot scarier than this shopkeeper . 
 and all but the very coldest would have blinked when he looked at them like that . 
 they would have realized it was time to reevaluate . 
 because the truth is , he did n't want to kill - but he was perfectly willing to if it served his purposes . 
 the owner was too stupid to see that . 
 too stupid to live . 
 `` how do you like it now ? '' 
 he jeered . 
 `` it 's not so funny this time , is it ? 
 you stick a gun in a guy 's face and he practically pisses himself . 
 i 'll bet that makes you feel real big , does n't it ? 
 except this time you 're the little one . '' 
 the edge of the table exploded into sawdust , and the owner 's face into a wet cloud of blood and bone . 
 he toppled backward like a falling tree , but somehow as he fell he pulled the trigger . 
 two bullets shattered the neon lights above his head . 
 when he hit the floor , he was still breathing . 
 like a fish out of water . 
 bernie `` cujo '' benoit put his briefcase down on the table and got out of the booth . 
 he walked over to the owner and held the shotgun to his head . 
 `` you 're kind of fucked now , are n't you ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` you ai n't got no face . '' 
 the owner 's limbs were jerking like boiling lobsters . 
 he had dropped his gun . 
 jeffrey watched , paralyzed , from the bar . 
 he was thinking about something ridiculous - the street kids in statue square , and how they always said booyah . 
 they would sing out , `` booyah , see ya , would n't wan na be ya . '' 
 booyah was supposed to be a shotgun blast . 
 but it had n't sounded anything like that . 
 bernie 's shotgun sounded like a monster attacking from ambush . 
 it roared again . 
 cujo turned to look at them then . 
 he was nothing short of awe-inspiring . 
 an uber-biker splattered in fresh blood , dripping with it . 
 his red beard was clotted up with scraps of the bar owner . 
 his grin was unholy . 
 more to the point , he still had his shotgun . 
 `` i know you , bitch , '' he growled at them , `` i 've seen you with devil joe . 
 why did n't he show tonight ? 
 is this some kind of set-up ? '' 
 the shotgun started drifting upwards . 
 it was about to cry out . 
 `` oh my god , jeffrey , please do n't let him hurt me . '' 
 he could n't refuse her then . 
 she sounded so lost , so scared - she needed protection . 
 he threw a mug of black coffee in the red monster 's face . 
 jeffrey had never been one to act quickly . 
 when his long-lost girlfriend had disappeared , it had taken him two days to call her mother . 
 that 's why no one knew she had n't just run away . 
 that 's why they thought he had done something to her . 
 he decided to change then , and quickly . 
 he dove for the gun on the floor . 
 bernie screamed and stumbled backward . 
 but only for a moment . 
 he was in terrible pain . 
 no doubt his face was going to blister . 
 he was going to need some covert medical attention . 
 but first he had to kill this punk . 
 he could hardly believe it . 
 he had just been hurt by a citizen ... he found it even harder to accept when jeffrey shot him in the neck . 
 jeffrey sat down at the booth . 
 he knew he did n't have much time left . 
 there was a back door across the room from him , but should he take it ? 
 he could hear the sirens , just outside . 
 he could hear the shouting . 
 there were going to be consequences very soon . 
 he put the gun down , numbly , and reached for the briefcase . 
 this was n't going to help him , strictly speaking , but he was no longer thinking clearly . 
 he had protected the girl ; he knew that much . 
 he had done the right thing . 
 `` i never found out your name , '' he said . 
 that might matter to them later . 
 he opened the briefcase and looked inside . 
 it was filled with packets of white powder . 
 it might as well have been cash . 
 `` my name is bianca , '' she said sweetly . 
 an exacto knife slipped into her hand . 
 she woke up in the howling blackness of the pit . 
 she could feel nothing beneath her . 
 she could see nothing . 
 she was falling . 
 nothing was more familiar to her than this , and yet she almost screamed . 
 there was no rest for her , no peace . 
 just falling forever into a shrieking hole . 
 there were lights above her somewhere . 
 she could almost remember how they looked . 
 she had spent an eternity falling past those lights - a thousand light-years as they spiraled down along the sides . 
 but the lights were now invisible . 
 she had passed the last of them many lifetimes ago . 
 now there was only the dark and the wind . 
 or was there something else ? 
 was there someone beside her ? 
 she reached out as if to touch someone , remembering vaguely what it might have been like . 
 there might have been a person beside her once . 
 her brother ? 
 no . 
 john was dead and long forgotten . 
 she whispered a name as an experiment . 
 `` eddie . '' 
 but eddie was dead now too . 
 she had killed him herself . 
 she reached out again beside her and her hand brushed something metal . 
 it did n't hurt right away , but she knew that she was bleeding . 
 how did she know that ? 
 she reached out again . 
 an exacto knife . 
 it was on the coffee table beside her bed . 
 she got up to check on her future . 
 the bedside clock said 3:13 . 
 it was a bad hour for dreams . 
 she had only one dream left , though , and it was the kind she could purchase . 
 or at least it would have to be . 
 the alternative was unthinkable . 
 she had tried to get it for free . 
 at first she had assumed that it would carry no price tag . 
 she was n't sure why , but she knew better now . 
 the old man had told her so years ago , when he had turned down her request to apprentice with him . 
 `` nothing is free , '' he had told her , `` nothing at all . 
 a thing for a thing . 
 if you want to understand it , you must be willing to pay the price . '' 
 he had refused to explain himself , and he had sent her away into the darkness . 
 but it no longer mattered . 
 everything is negotiable . 
 if the secret answers of the invisible world required hard cash , she would pay it . 
 so the old man was greedy . 
 no matter . 
 he could be bribed . 
 she walked across the floor , sucking at the tiny wound on her hand . 
 she opened her closet . 
 she found the briefcase and worked the lock in the dark . 
 it was still there - full bags like white sugar . 
 enough coke to buy her freedom . 
 enough to ransom her from hell . 
 today was the day . 
 it was almost time . 
 she had the briefcase in her hands . 
 angel somoza was going to make her a wealthy woman , and with her wealth she 'd buy something priceless . 
 she 'd buy an answer . 
 she 'd put a name to the nothingness . 
 it was ironic , really . 
 she was selling his own coke back to him . 
 she 'd been sleeping with devil joe , who was now the late boss of the saxon youth - skinheads with pretensions . 
 she 'd also been seeing angel somoza on the side . 
 he was one of the bosses of the vikings motorcycle club . 
 a few tipsy conversations , a little ego-stroking , and there was a coke deal in the works . 
 a single phone call , and the skinheads thought the meeting was canceled . 
 and then she 'd walked into the old shamrock and just picked up the pieces . 
 the bartender died , and cujo benoit did too . 
 she got the coke . 
 there was another man there , too , little jeffrey . 
 she 'd been forced to use her exacto knife with him . 
 he was a complication for a few minutes , and then he was nothing . 
 her blade cut cleanly . 
 `` hey baby , '' she said . 
 angel just grunted at her . 
 he looked somewhat less than happy to see her , though it was hard to tell through his mirrored shades . 
 `` get on the back , '' he said , and she did . 
 she was always very obedient . 
 bikers wanted women who would do what they were told . 
 she played it even better than that . 
 she was sweet to them . 
 they hardly ever looked twice at her . 
 she wrapped her arms around his tattoo-covered back as the bike pulled away . 
 the sun was starting to set over nottamun , and the street was swarming with secret life . 
 the street kids at statue square sold each other crank by the bag and blowjobs for packs of cigarettes . 
 the whores crawled out of their holes like lizards . 
 the street soldiers went about their business . 
 they drove down by the docks . 
 she felt a sudden wind , a cold wind . 
 this was where john had disappeared . 
 john the baptist , the king of statue square . 
 her brother . 
 the corsicans shot him and dumped him in the bay . 
 but she was playing the game differently . 
 he had only ever flirted with the pit . 
 she knew it far more intimately than that . 
 the bike stopped . 
 angel sat silently for a moment , as if thinking about something . 
 then he took his shades off and put them in his pocket . 
 he got off the bike . 
 `` come out back here , '' he said . 
 `` there 's a place where we can talk turkey . '' 
 he went to one of the new storefronts that had replaced the old waterfront businesses . 
 the sign said black saturday - used cds - closed . 
 he pulled out a key and opened the door . 
 `` it 's my brother-in-law 's store , '' he said . 
 there were racks of old cds . 
 she noticed black flag and stevie nicks . 
 there was a little table with a chair next to it , and on top of it was a shrink-wrap gun for repairing broken cds . 
 she carried the briefcase past it all to a small back room . 
 she was surprised at herself afterward , because she did n't see it coming . 
 men were usually as predictable as the tide . 
 but he turned and slashed the pistol barrel across her cheek without the slightest twitch beforehand . 
 she dropped the briefcase and fell to her knees . 
 she started sobbing through the thick blood in her mouth . 
 `` you dumb fucking bitch . 
 trying to sell me back my own coke . '' 
 he hit her again and she fell sideways against a door-frame . 
 he rapped her in the head . 
 `` what the fuck were you thinking ? '' 
 `` i was n't - i did n't ... '' `` that 's right . 
 you fucking did n't ! '' 
 he hit her again and she went straight down to the floor . 
 his gun had a wet clump of her hair stuck to it . 
 his hand was speckled with red . 
 weird shapes were floating around in front of her eyes . 
 `` bianca barton , you are one stupid cunt . 
 and now you 're going to learn your place . '' 
 he unbuckled his belt then . 
 she gasped . 
 `` do n't hurt me ! 
 i 'll do whatever you want ! '' 
 `` that 's fucking right , you will , you dumb bitch . 
 you should have known better than to get into the coke business . '' 
 with his hands on his belt he could n't hit her , and with his jeans hanging loosely around his hips he was n't going to be able to react very quickly . 
 just as predictable as the tide . 
 she threw herself forward suddenly and slammed into his knees , causing him to stumble backward two paces , get tangled up in his jeans , and fall over . 
 he was only stunned for a half-second . 
 but that was all she needed . 
 she grabbed the gun from the floor where he 'd dropped it and pointed it directly at his face . 
 `` do n't move a muscle , babe . 
 or i 'll blow your teeth out the back of your head . '' 
 he just stared at her for a second . 
 his mouth worked stupidly . 
 she did n't like the way his face looked , so she whipped the pistol barrel into his temple . 
 she was better at it than he was . 
 lights out for angel somoza . 
 he woke up to find her smiling at him . 
 he almost did n't notice for a second or two that she had him stuck to a table leg with a few rolls of duct tape . 
 her smile was that wonderful . 
 she was holding the shrink-wrapper in her hand like a pistol . 
 she walked over to him slowly . 
 he tried to say something but it was inaudible through the tape . 
 it sounded crude . 
 he was starting to smell bad too . 
 she gave him a sympathetic pout and ran her fingers through his hair . 
 `` do n't worry , honey , '' she said , `` it 'll all be over soon . 
 the thing is , you made a little bit of a mistake . 
 you hurt me . 
 but i 'll bet you 're sorry , huh ? '' 
 he said something with the word `` cunt '' in it . 
 she picked up a plastic bag from the table , and gestured with the shrink-wrapper . 
 `` this looks like a hair-dryer , '' she said , `` but it is n't . 
 it 's for shrink wrapping things . 
 i happen to know that it gets very hot . 
 do you know what i mean by very hot ? '' 
 she plugged it in and hit the switch . 
 it made a searing , high-pitched whine . 
 `` hot enough to raise blisters on exposed flesh . '' 
 she turned it toward his face , and he howled . 
 his skin went white . 
 after a little while , there was a smell of cooking meat . 
 she turned it off . 
 `` see what i mean ? 
 it 's pretty hot . 
 i could cook you alive with this thing . '' 
 she looked down at his crotch . 
 he had pissed himself . 
 she knelt down in front of him and put the bag on the floor . 
 she put her hand between his legs . 
 `` poor baby . 
 i know i 'm hurting you . 
 but i do n't want to . 
 you should n't have hurt me . 
 you thought i was stupid . 
 but i 'm not stupid . 
 it was just a mistake , right ? '' 
 he began to nod enthusiastically . 
 she pressed the shrink-wrapper up under his chin . 
 `` i 'm going to take the tape off your mouth . 
 and then you 're going to tell me where your money is . 
 i know you do business here , and i know you keep your money here . 
 big jim told me , okay ? 
 so do n't try to lie to me . 
 i want what belongs to me , angel . 
 and i want it tonight . 
 okay ? '' 
 she smiled at him and he nodded again . 
 anything to make her happy . 
 she pulled the tape from his lips and he winced . 
 there were already ugly red blisters on his cheek . 
 `` you no-good fucking cunt ... '' she turned the shrink-wrapper on . 
 he screamed so loud , it seemed someone would have to hear him . 
 but no one was listening . 
 no one is ever listening . 
 `` let 's try again , '' she said sweetly . 
 he glared at her with satanic hate . 
 `` it 's in a safe under the television in the back . 
 the number is 666 . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` thanks , baby . '' 
 she put the tape back on and he started to throw himself from side to side . 
 she walked over to the television and pushed it a few feet to the side . 
 underneath it she found a little door . 
 she opened the door up as she heard him knock the chair over with his thrashing . 
 she found the safe and dialed the number . 
 inside she found stacks of benjamin franklins . 
 she smiled a different smile now . 
 this was a job well done . 
 she walked back out to where angel was . 
 he had fallen halfway over . 
 she knelt down beside him and picked the shrink-wrapper up again . 
 she turned it on and it screamed like the abyss . 
 `` this is going to hurt a lot , honey . 
 but it wo n't last for very long . '' 
 then she put the bag over his head and shrink-wrapped it to his face . 
 she was thinking about his eyes - the way they had bulged outward under the bag , fat and round like cartoon eyes . 
 it was late autumn now , almost winter . 
 she had been searching for the old man for a month . 
 she glanced down an alley for the hundredth time that week , although she did n't expect to see anything . 
 she had found so many old men in alleys , but never the right old man , the old man with the sign . 
 she could n't get angel 's eyes out of her head . 
 or eddie 's eyes . 
 or jeffrey 's . 
 she had far too many ghosts . 
 sometimes she even remembered smith . 
 he had tried so heroically to rescue her . 
 she remembered him with a kind of abstract fondness . 
 he had cried like a baby while she was cutting him , but he had n't told her what she needed to know . 
 there was only one man who could - and was that him now at the end of the alley ? 
 she walked towards him without allowing herself to hope . 
 hope was an even crueler illusion than fear . 
 but this time hope did n't seem to be out of place . 
 he was lying on the ground with a half-finished bottle of mad dog cradled in his arms like a girlfriend . 
 and there was his sign on the ground beside him - she recognized the sigil that set it apart from all the others . 
 she had done it at last . 
 she had found the old necromancer . 
 `` wake up , old man , '' she said gently , `` i 've come back . 
 i can pay you now . '' 
 one eye opened to examine her . 
 it was as flat and alien as a lizard 's eye . 
 it was bloodshot and inflamed , but it still looked startlingly white amid the foul blackness that crusted his face . 
 he smiled horribly . 
 `` oh . 
 it 's you . '' 
 he sat up . 
 `` my little fool . 
 i told you a long time ago to leave me alone . 
 i 'm not going to teach you . 
 you 're too dangerous and too ignorant , and you ca n't pay what it costs . '' 
 `` but i can pay you , '' she said , opening the briefcase . 
 `` i can pay you whatever you ask . '' 
 his eyes opened almost as wide as angel 's had , as wide as fish eyes . 
 they were filled with a strange mix of contempt , naked hunger and simple amusement . 
 `` well , well . 
 that does change things , though perhaps not as much as you had hoped . 
 i wonder whose blood is behind that money . 
 the pit sings in you , and its song is beautiful . 
 but i 'm still not going to teach you . '' 
 she almost fell down . 
 it was impossible . 
 he had to help her . 
 otherwise she would die . 
 he giggled like a mean little schoolgirl . 
 `` do n't collapse on me , dear . 
 i said i would n't teach you . 
 i did n't say i would n't help you . 
 there 's a difference . '' 
 he coughed up something wet and black . 
 `` you misunderstood me in the first place . 
 i was n't looking for your money - or anyone else 's money , god rest them . 
 i was looking for something you ca n't pay me . 
 you do n't know the first thing about it . 
 but i 'm going to give you a chance to find out . '' 
 she nodded eagerly . 
 there was still a chance . 
 `` i had a nothing box once . 
 that 's a box that 's been dipped into the abyss . 
 to stare into it is to stare into the pit itself . 
 there 's no surer route to the forbidden knowledge . 
 but you ca n't earn it without making a decision . 
 if you find the box , you 'll have a chance to choose . 
 then we 'll see what you 're made of , little girl - and may the powers preserve you . '' 
 he made the blessing sound like a blasphemy . 
 `` i gave the box away to someone i was foolish enough to teach . 
 if you could see him now , you would n't seek my teaching . 
 but he was a useless dilettante . 
 since then , the box has changed hands again and i 've lost track of it . 
 but there are rumors . 
 go to the hermit , benjamin roman . 
 he may know the man who now holds the box . 
 and leave the money here with me . '' 
 it never even occurred to her to do otherwise . 
 the money was worthless to her on its own . 
 there was nothing to spend it on in the abyss . 
 she knocked on the door and was surprised when it opened immediately . 
 it had taken her another month to get this far , but she had no doubt that she was looking at the hermit . 
 he was an old man in a long red-gold bathrobe , and his eyes had a distant , alien quality that was not unlike what she had seen in the necromancer 's eyes . 
 he smiled and handed her a warm mug of tea , although he could not have known that she was coming . 
 `` welcome to my home , '' he said , `` and please have some tea . 
 what can i do for you ? '' 
 his small apartment in the massive brick tower known as the anderson building was a maze of bookshelves and artwork that would have unnerved anyone less accustomed to horror than she was . 
 there was a new work in progress in the center of the room - a huge oil-paint rendition of a corpse-white monster rising from the center of a magic circle and reaching one bony arm out through a flaw in the design to casually tear an arm off of the careless sorcerer who had summoned him . 
 `` do you like it ? '' 
 he asked her , glancing over at the demon 's vacant eyes . 
 `` i call it attention to detail . 
 much of my work is cautionary in nature . '' 
 he smirked as if laughing at some unpleasant private joke . 
 bianca was fascinated with the work . 
 those empty eyes reminded her of the blank emptiness she fell through every night . 
 did the pit give birth to such horrors ? 
 `` yes , i like it , '' she said . 
 `` it looks familiar . '' 
 he threw her a sharp look . 
 `` familiar ? 
 than you are indeed in need of help . 
 my name is benjamin roman - though i assume you already know that . '' 
 `` yes , '' she said , `` the old necromancer told me . 
 my name is bianca barton . '' 
 `` any relation to the late john barton ? '' 
 `` he was my brother . '' 
 `` well , well . 
 then i am obliged to help you . 
 my friend jim rankin spoke highly of your brother . '' 
 `` yes . 
 i remember jim , '' she said . 
 `` they call him noctiviganti now . '' 
 `` that 's right . 
 but what can i do for you ? '' 
 `` i 'm trying to find a nothing box . '' 
 the hermit sat down . 
 he picked up a pipe from a small coffee table that was almost completely covered with leather-bound volumes . 
 she glanced at the titles . 
 they made her skin crawl . 
 the sensation was almost erotic to her . 
 `` i do know who has the nothing box , '' he said at last . 
 his pipe glowed evilly . 
 `` but it 's not so easy to speak with him . 
 he 's disconnected from the world - more of a hermit now than i am . 
 he stays with the night children in their abandoned factory . 
 to enter their kingdom without permission would be like stepping in front of a bullet . '' 
 `` then how do i get permission ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you 'll need to talk to his representative . 
 when he entered into silence , she contracted to speak for him . 
 her name is brighid . 
 i can arrange a meeting . '' 
 `` thank you , '' she said . 
 the old man appealed to her . 
 he seemed at home in the darkness . 
 if she could reach his state of balance there would be nothing left to fear . 
 `` one thing , '' he said . 
 `` a friendly warning . 
 brighid is very protective of him . 
 if she thinks you mean him harm you 'll never get anywhere near him . 
 he 's a poet , by the way , not a madman . 
 they call him the nothing box poet , and he 's the bard of the night kingdom . 
 his name is thomas maker . '' 
 she looked across the table at the outdoor café and saw a blank spot where she usually saw an open book . 
 the woman in front of her was strange . 
 her eyes were like gold flecked with blue , and they did n't seem frightened at all . 
 that in itself was quite acceptable . 
 people were rarely scared of her until it was too late to save themselves . 
 but that was because they never saw her in the first place . 
 this was one was different . 
 she could see . 
 she could see everything and she still was n't afraid . 
 for a moment bianca could n't think of anything to say . 
 then she just said the obvious . 
 `` hello . '' 
 `` hello , '' said brighid , `` benjamin roman said you wanted to see me . '' 
 `` yes . 
 that 's right . 
 i wanted ... i wanted answers . 
 i have a question . '' 
 `` i 'll answer it if i can . 
 but i 'm not sure why you came to me . '' 
 `` because the hermit said you knew someone with a nothing box . '' 
 brighid looked at her curiously . 
 she seemed to look through her . 
 bianca 's fingers twitched . 
 she wanted her exacto knife . 
 but she was n't sure she could use it right now . 
 her hands were sweating and yet cold . 
 brighid kept staring at her . 
 `` why do you want to see him ? '' 
 she said at last . 
 bianca blurted it out . 
 `` because of the abyss ! 
 because i live there . 
 there must be some kind of an answer ... '' `` not the kind of answer you 're thinking . 
 the box gives one of two things - either poetry or madness . 
 to look into the box is the same thing as looking in the pit itself . '' 
 `` does that mean you 're not going to help me ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 'll have to talk to him . '' 
 bianca almost started to cry . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i 'll help you if i can . 
 but there 's one thing . '' 
 bianca looked up . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 anything . 
 anything . 
 `` do n't try to hurt him . 
 because i 'll kill you . '' 
 she could n't do anything except nod . 
 those calm eyes were too frightening . 
 what had happened was unacceptable . 
 intolerable . 
 she would n't be intimidated again . 
 the next time , she would kill . 
 brighid would n't stop her . 
 the nothing box poet would n't stop her . 
 she 'd have answers or she 'd have blood . 
 and quite possibly she 'd have both . 
 the secret world was a place of smiles and treachery . 
 filthy old homeless men turned out to be sorcerers who communed with the dead . 
 artists were more familiar with the music of the pit than with paint and canvas . 
 ordinary women had eyes that could paralyze you . 
 but treachery was something bianca already knew well . 
 and no one could smile like she could . 
 she felt stronger now , better . 
 she could survive and in the end she would triumph . 
 she stood in front of her apartment door and fished her keys out of her handbag . 
 something felt wrong here . 
 she could n't say what . 
 but she knew murder when she smelled it . 
 on the other side of that door , her death waited for her . 
 she 'd have to pay it off , as she had so many times before . 
 her neighbor 's apartment was across the hall . 
 he was an attractive young man . 
 black hair , wounded eyes . 
 the ones who 'd been hurt before were always easiest . 
 she turned and rapped gently on his door with her knuckles . 
 after a moment he opened it . 
 he looked surprised to see her . 
 she smelled red wine on his breath . 
 `` hi , '' she said , and smiled at him . 
 the smile said , i understand . 
 life is lonely . 
 let me help you . 
 `` um , joshua , right ? '' 
 `` that 's right . 
 and you 're bianca . '' 
 `` you remembered ! '' 
 she smiled again . 
 of course he remembered . 
 they always did . 
 `` i was just wondering ... '' `` yes ? '' 
 he said . 
 he had a nice smile too . 
 hopeful - the best kind . 
 `` well , this is going to sound a little forward maybe . 
 but i 've just been cooking dinner and i realized i made too much for one person . 
 i mean , i could save it and have leftovers , but why bother ? 
 it would be nicer to have company . '' 
 this time his startled grin was almost beautiful . 
 `` thanks , i 'd love to , '' he said . 
 `` let me just throw on a clean shirt . '' 
 he closed the door for a moment and then opened it again with his breath smelling like mint . 
 together they went to her front door . 
 she turned the key in the lock and then said `` oh no ! 
 i forgot - i left the wine down at my car . 
 why do n't you go in and make yourself comfortable . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he looked uncertain . 
 `` of course , '' she said . 
 she smiled again . 
 `` i 'll be right back . 
 just make yourself at home . '' 
 he opened the door as she half-turned away . 
 a moment later she heard the gunshots . 
 the trigger-man was using a silencer , but the reports were n't silent enough for there to be any doubt from the hallway . 
 she had sprung the trap . 
 now she 'd let the hunter know how badly he 'd miscalculated . 
 she took out her pepper spray and her exacto knife and waited against the wall . 
 she could hear a steady stream of cursing . 
 the hitman knew he 'd fucked up . 
 but he 'd never get the chance to apologize to his bosses . 
 the fire escape outside her window was rusted away . 
 he would n't be going out that way . 
 after a moment , the door opened . 
 apparently patience was n't one of his virtues . 
 she hit the trigger on the pepper spray as soon as the ski-mask came into view . 
 the man went down screaming . 
 she stepped in and stabbed him in the face . 
 when he fell back she stabbed him again . 
 she liked the tiny blade because it was sharp enough for her to really play with people . 
 but it was n't nearly long enough to kill unless the victim was immobilized . 
 she changed her plans about his fate . 
 `` tell the vikings what i did to you , '' she said , `` and tell them that i 'll do it to anyone they send after me . 
 you people are n't in my league . '' 
 he was still screaming . 
 she doubted he had even heard her , but her deeds here would be message enough . 
 she drove her knee into his face and felt some of the teeth give way . 
 then she went out again calmly . 
 she would n't be returning . 
 she was already in the endgame . 
 a week later , and benjamin roman called her on her cellphone . 
 she had been hiding out in a motel on the outskirts of town . 
 the police had found her dead neighbor and one badly traumatized member of the vikings motorcycle club . 
 they had arrested him for the murder , but she was wanted as a material witness . 
 she had no intention of talking to them . 
 her brother john the baptist would have reached out from the grave with a cold hand at any sign that she was helping the police . 
 even in hell there are rules . 
 `` she said the poet agreed to meet you , '' said the hermit , `` you 're to go to the old factory . 
 the one with the sign that says ` respect the old school ' . 
 do you know it ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she said , `` my brother used to go there often . '' 
 the old factory - the dead kingdom of the night children . 
 she had been there before . 
 very well . 
 let it end there . 
 and god help anyone who tried to stop her . 
 `` hello again , brighid , '' she said . 
 this time she smiled . 
 her little gambit with the biker had made her feel better about their last meeting . 
 she had nothing to be afraid of . 
 it was ridiculous to think that brighid could hurt her . 
 they were standing on the ground floor of the old factory . 
 its ceiling loomed above them like a cathedral vault . 
 here and there in the darkness she caught glimpses of vast , decaying machinery . 
 her voice sounded inappropriate in all that silence and darkness . 
 it echoed strangely , as if repeated by phantoms . 
 the poet stood behind brighid and to her right . 
 he was smiling too . 
 `` hello , bianca . 
 i 'm thomas maker . '' 
 he stepped forward and reached out his hand . 
 she shook it . 
 in the dim light his eyes reflected a strange cityscape . 
 she did n't recognize it , but it was n't nottamun . 
 it was some place a million miles away . 
 and at its heart was the abyss . 
 he seemed to be a million miles away too , in a place that was cold and shining . 
 he was more alien than the necromancer or the hermit . 
 and yet he smiled at her distantly . 
 `` you 're the nothing box poet , '' she said . 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm one of them . 
 in the fringe , most poets have nothing boxes . 
 but few of them are to be found in the waking world . '' 
 `` i do n't know what those words mean . '' 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 you know the abyss . 
 but i 'm not sure what i can do for you . '' 
 `` i need your help . 
 i need to look in the nothing box . '' 
 `` it is n't safe . 
 i assume brighid told you what it does ? '' 
 `` it gives wisdom or madness . '' 
 `` it gives poetry or madness . 
 as for wisdom , i 'm not sure . '' 
 `` it gives understanding of the pit . '' 
 `` the pit is beyond all understanding . 
 but it gives something , yes . 
 something no one could explain . 
 if you want it , it 's there for the taking . '' 
 her breath stopped in her chest . 
 `` then you 'll give me your nothing box ? '' 
 he frowned as if there was something she was missing . 
 `` i 'm afraid that 's impossible . 
 it 's not mine to give away . 
 only the powers can give the abyss to you . 
 and for that to happen , you 'll have to give yourself to the abyss . '' 
 `` i 'll do whatever it takes . 
 just as long as i have answers . '' 
 `` then go up to the second floor and meet the pit priest . 
 give your blood to the building . 
 he 'll answer your questions . 
 and if the box is right for you , he 'll give it to you . '' 
 she considered making it easier on herself by just taking the poet 's box . 
 how hard could it be ? 
 he 'd be weaker than many she had taken already . 
 but brighid must have seen the thought float across her eyes . 
 she stepped forward at an angle that blocked off bianca 's approach . 
 something gleamed in her palm . 
 bianca glanced down . 
 it was a straightrazor . 
 one look into brighid 's eyes and she knew the plan was hopeless . 
 the razor was a last chance , not a bluff . 
 she turned away and walked to the stairs . 
 at last she was here . 
 she was standing in the shadows on the borders of the night kingdom , and she was looking at the pit priest . 
 he bore a resemblance to his former master the necromancer - he was a filthy old man dressed in half black rags . 
 he was also a monk wearing heavy robes . 
 she could n't tell which image was true , and it did n't seem to matter . 
 he giggled . 
 `` how can i help you , pretty lady ? '' 
 `` i want a nothing box . 
 and i 'm willing to pay for it . '' 
 `` but can you pay what i 'm asking ? '' 
 he picked something out of his rags and ate it . 
 he brushed a bit of its wing from his lips . 
 `` can you pay me everything ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` that 's not good enough . 
 you think it 's something for something . 
 the poet thought that once too . 
 but then he threw himself away . 
 and that 's really what we 're after here , is n't it ? 
 nothing for nothing . 
 kill yourself . 
 then the box is yours . '' 
 she pulled her hand out of her pocket . 
 the exacto knife gleamed . 
 `` ah yes . '' 
 he licked his lips . 
 `` it 's fun to cut things , is n't it , pretty lady ? 
 even more to cut people . 
 but to really cut yourself - that 's not so easy . 
 i do n't think you have the stomach for it . '' 
 `` you might be right , '' she said . 
 she smiled . 
 `` or maybe you 're just not paying enough attention . 
 you are n't very good at your job . '' 
 `` what would you know about that ? 
 for centuries i have served ... '' `` i do n't think so . 
 if you knew your job , you would know me . 
 you 're still nothing but a dilettante . 
 the old necromancer was right about you . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 how do you know him ? '' 
 `` never mind that . '' 
 she stepped closer to him . 
 `` the fact remains that you ca n't see me . 
 all you see is a pretty lady . 
 but that 's just my shell . 
 that 's only my exoskeleton , old man . '' 
 she stepped closer still . 
 he seemed to shrink . 
 `` look in my eyes and you 'll see the pit there . 
 i am what you worship . '' 
 she looked down at him like a possessing goddess . 
 she grabbed his greasy hair with her left hand . 
 `` nothing for nothing , is it ? 
 then you can be my price . '' 
 she drove the little blade into his eye as if she was popping a grape . 
 then she pulled it out again and drove it in elsewhere . 
 he screamed every time she did it . 
 she kept going until he stopped . 
 she searched through his rags despite the filth , despite the things that ran across her hand . 
 she checked every pocket and fold of cloth . 
 but there was nothing there . 
 the poet had misled her . 
 the pit priest no longer had a nothing box . 
 and she could n't take the one the poet had . 
 she bowed her head in the dark and wept . 
 it was all useless . 
 she had lost . 
 her quest had failed . 
 there was no nothing box for her and no answer . 
 but the old factory was a dark kingdom filled with secrets . 
 if she had to lose , then it might as well be here . 
 she stood up and walked through the door . 
 she shambled through the corridor like the walking dead . 
 it was dark in here . 
 she saw only vague shapes , the relics of forgotten lives . 
 broken old desks and random chairs . 
 the artifacts of other people 's failures . 
 her own failure was more complete . 
 to pay for this she would have to go deeper . 
 she climbed up the stairs to the third floor . 
 she did n't notice them gathering silently behind her . 
 the people who lived there in the darkness . 
 the night children . 
 now she was walking into their kingdom like a sleepwalker . 
 she went up to the higher floors as if in a dream . 
 this was a country of strange wonders . 
 she passed a room filled with icons . 
 she could n't have described the god they depicted . 
 he had no shape , no form - but the image was there nevertheless . 
 the moment she saw it she had a vision - bodies stacked up like cordwood . 
 plague pits overflowing with naked corpses . 
 dead lovers fused together like lumps of melted cheese . 
 in another room she saw babies . 
 strange children warped by radiation or chemicals . 
 some of them were covered in black scales . 
 some were white like glue . 
 some were almost liquid . 
 she paid no heed to any of it because it did n't matter . 
 no miracle has ever saved anyone . 
 she walked on . 
 in a room at the end of a dark hallway , she saw a naked woman playing puppet-master with a collection of scraps of flesh . 
 when she waved her hands through the air , they danced like angels . 
 bianca could n't see any wires . 
 it did n't matter . 
 magic is a game of lies . 
 but the truth can be found if you look for it . 
 there was a gaping hole in the floor , like the mouth of some voracious animal . 
 this was a pit , of a sort . 
 it would n't be bottomless , of course , but it would do . 
 nothing for nothing , the pit priest had said . 
 she had thought she could pay the price with him . 
 with eddie . 
 with smith and all the others . 
 but that was never going to be good enough . 
 she would have to pay the price with herself one day . 
 that day might as well be now . 
 she stepped up to the edge of the hole and looked down . 
 she could n't see the bottom . 
 `` i 'm coming to join you , brother , '' she said . 
 when she stepped over the edge , she smiled . 
 this was n't her sweet smile , which meant death . 
 it was a smile of surrender . 
 the night children gathered . 
 they had come from every corner of the factory to see if the poet 's words to them would prove true . 
 he had never lied to them before . 
 they had heard bianca kill their pit priest . 
 they had n't interfered despite their instincts . 
 despite their hands , which were so used to killing in the dark . 
 the poet had asked them not to , and they respected him . 
 he had given them a prophecy . 
 within moments the first words of his prophecy were fulfilled . 
 there was a stirring in the blackness of the pit . 
 like all things that rush upward from the abyss , clawing always toward the sunlight , like any horror at its birth , it was at first only a vague feeling . 
 then she floated up from the hole , transformed . 
 they knelt down in front of her , whispering . 
 their quiet voices breathed words of awe and wonder . 
 her face was different now . 
 it was as white as a corpse , and her eyes were a flowing blackness . 
 her face raved with blind wisdom and the pit 's vast , drunken hatred . 
 they knew her at once for what she was . 
 `` she is the pit priestess . '' 
 `` she is the future . '' 
 the end the night wanderer and other poems `` night wandering '' is the art of visiting strange other worlds and surreal fairy lands in a dream or a dreamlike state . 
 the concept of night wandering is central to most of my poetry . 
 the night wanderer a modernized retelling of the story of true thomas and the queen of elphame . 
 thomas lies awake with insomnia next to his sleeping wife , obsessed with thoughts of past losses and misdeeds . 
 as he lies awake with these thoughts , his mind splits . 
 while part of him remains in our world staring at the bedroom wall , the other part goes away with the fairy queen to her strange world . 
 the sections in parentheses represent the waking thomas , and the other sections represent the dreaming thomas . 
 1 the long horizon was a dark rose from the city 's light on the low fog . 
 too many times , i had seen the blue falling-away of the bright dawn . 
 i went with you , and you looked in my eyes and dipped your fingers in the red stream where dreams floated on broken shells like lizards birthing . 
 and our skiff was light - made out of thin glass eggshells , soft like skin . 
 `` careful , what lies ahead , '' you said `` is cold . '' 
 i wrapped my arms around me - you did not . 
 there was a distant look in your eyes , and your hand on the prow . 
 in your green gaze , i had seen beauties that were not human , and in your lips i had tasted , thick as molasses , the labyrinth of your history and the asymmetric songs of your strange dances , melancholy and fast . 
 i had heard broken glass in your laugh , but the finest glass . 
 you were quiet like the muttering wind on a peak , like a deep forest of unmarked snow whose thick pines have never seen the spring . 
 2 -lrb- outside , the trees muttered . 
 and birds hopped from wall to branch . 
 there was a light breeze , which stirred the dead leaves . 
 though none of these mere atmospheres were fearful to me , yet i remained wide-eyed and staring at the bare pock-marked wall . 
 and of all the shadows which rose and fell , and crept across my wife where she slept , and all the tall shapes and all the thin sounds - none frightened me , but i was still not well . 
 too many times , i had seen brash dreams break out of their purple shells and tell me nothing , but crawl across my wall . -rrb- 
 3 all citadels were broken there , and the shoreline was choked with a fine mess of dead cities whose great fat old blocks stretched down to the red river like dogs panting in the heat . 
 there was a thin coat of crystal hair along each block , with swift colors changing like the tide , inconstant as snake 's eyes , hypnotic and without meaning . 
 `` pay them no heed . '' 
 4 -lrb- outside , the trees still muttered . 
 and my hands fluttered like butterflies at a window while my eyes stared at the bare wall , unable to escape from my long awakening . 
 too many times i had burned away my memories with frenetic motion , and drunk from an ocean of forgetting , rich and sweet , with deep waves like burnt caramel and a dark well of secrets somewhere with which i had become intimate , the very worst of which is only this - that you can forget nothing , that there is nothing which you can forget . -rrb- 
 5 `` yet you are so quiet , '' you whispered , and your wet lips were like two soft birds while our glass ship drifted on the red river and the stars looked down at us in cold submission , patient , alert for your moment of weakness . 
 i turned , and heard the roaring of a distant sea . 
 you looked at me , and said `` this dull dark current , thick as with clots , is not made red by water . 
 he who would come into our pleasant country must come to it by blood . '' 
 and you were smiling . 
 6 -lrb- outside , the leaves muttered . 
 and i thought of how i had come to this pass - staring at a bare patch while leaves scratched at the dry glass . 
 there was a time that i walked through shadows in old walls - paced where bridges were cold vultures , and retched while droplets of water touched my face - wet insects erased by my dry flesh . 
 i could not forget . 
 she was thick like bone , like salt crusted on a fish . 
 she was deep as thin silver flakes on stone , and my own dreams draining me of sleep . 
 she was my history of cloning lies from lies . 
 all my bright cruelties glinted back at me from her snake 's eyes ' wise irrelevant realities . 
 and the years passed , and at last i knew that i would not forget . 
 that in all this world there is no way to forget . 
 and your bare patch where the leaves scratch at the dry glass will be yours to watch . 
 that , and the blank revolving of the clock , till it drives you out to walk , alone , by the stone arches of an old bridge . -rrb- 
 7 this new horizon was a dark rose from an unknown light . 
 there was no sun . 
 and our boat dried , as we came ashore , to a fine dust . 
 when i touched your hand there was a softness like white birds ' wings breaking the wide night into pieces . 
 and in your wet lips my cup was full with the water of your bright beauty whose cold reaches held such rich secrets , born of a blackly golden syrup which knew me and destroyed my reason , till i shuddered . 
 there was that laugh , like broken glass . 
 and so we were lovers . 
 8 -lrb- inside me , there was a long black patch which my mind scratched at , without relief , in mixed grief and secret pleasure that i had taken the measure of men by their fear , that i 'd seen clear into their hidden weaknesses , and the sad emptiness of their hard pretensions . 
 all but a few , and those are unknown , will moan like a scared dog under a black boot , will screech like a fat frog in a snake 's mouth for their beautiful lives . 
 too many times , i had seen weak men lick their dry lips at their new pleasure , taking measure of another 's fear . 
 too many times , i had tried to drink from the ocean of burnt forgetting , thick as caramel , with a dark well of secrets with which i had become familiar - and the worst of these is this - that you can forget nothing , that there is nothing which you can forget . -rrb- 
 9 and so i was wet with the sweat of your soft body on the changing sand . 
 and there were locks of my hair stuck to my face , and my ribcage heaving . 
 you were lighter than i would have guessed - lighter than a child , pressed against my shoulder , with your green gaze shifting . 
 red waves of color , like dark strawberries , flowed through your flesh . 
 the sand , which had been green as a thick pine which has never left the spring , took on that red . 
 i kissed your lips . 
 but you were no longer there . 
 you were staring at a blank space in the middle distance . 
 your eyes were sad . 
 10 -lrb- outside , the trees were silent . 
 no bird hopped . 
 there was no hint of a mere breeze to stir the dead leaves into false life . 
 though i had been wide-eyed , and staring at the bare pock-marked wall , i caught my breath . 
 this was the time when hearts preferred to stop . 
 this was the hour whose juice i 'd never known . 
 my heart skipped by a beat in the long dark hour before dawn , wet with my own sweat beside my wife . -rrb- 
 11 `` thomas , '' you said , and a clear bead of sweat , warm from our mingled bodies , formed and ran , a salted perfect river , to the small of your back . 
 `` thomas , '' you said , `` you can not stay with me . '' 
 along the long horizon , which had turned both blue as the dawn and green as the sand had been , i heard the shuffle of ten thousand feet . 
 i felt their milky gaze . 
 12 -lrb- `` wait for it . '' 
 i said to myself , `` just wait for the dawn . '' 
 the blackest moment of the night seeped in . 
 there was a space like a gap in a glacier , like the endless moment just before a fall . -rrb- 
 13 you rolled on your back , and pulled your dress back on . 
 `` thomas , '' you said , `` this is a pleasant land , for all who dwell between the shores of its bloody rivers . 
 and i brought you to taste , in my salt lips , the labyrinth of our history and the asymmetric songs of our strange dances , melancholy and fast . 
 i gave you , thick as molasses , the blackly golden syrup of our rich secrets till your own heart 's cup was full with the water of our bright beauty . 
 but you would have died . '' 
 i felt their eyes , and i saw the triple death which had come on my predecessors - i saw their ghost souls like shards of broken glass , each one of them smoky and rippled with her unforgettable soft kiss , and the slow pain of remembering her touch until the end of all worlds . 
 14 -lrb- now it was here . 
 my heart no longer beat . 
 memories crowded my head like blind white moths . 
 there was a chance that i would not be floating back across the black sea between late night and first light 's falling-away towards the blue morning . -rrb- 
 15 `` do n't be afraid , '' you said , `` they will not harm you . 
 though they might stare with all their milky eyes , eager to feed you to the patient stars , yet i am their queen . 
 here is the clear glass apple of the void , the endless empty space between the worlds . 
 eat it , and drink of that vast churning well , that weightless cauldron where no drop of light can slake the thirst of those who use all light like putty in creating worlds . 
 you will speak the truth . '' 
 16 i drank the truth . 
 i tasted truth like the juice of the white grape . 
 i found no escape from the starscapes which flashed and faltered , no escape from the altered landscapes , no way to be free of the seascapes shifting across my vision like thin shimmering mirages , real and permanent . 
 i was made false by the surprising revelations flawed new equations granted me in the form of a storm of all-seeing fierce worms of profound understanding . 
 and i was staggered . 
 i dropped to my knees . 
 but there were no knees to be found where there was no solid ground for the standing ; and i had no eyes but i cried in surprise at my own mouthless fury , without hands which were flailing , without even an atom , because i had spilled over . 
 i wheeled around at the sick , thickly liquid sound of my own bones splashing on the worms ' equations . 
 `` bring it all to me ! '' 
 because now i could see , that there was no order , not a secret order , no plan but i could understand its savage rhythm , nothing to understand but this - the song-rhythm of our memories has no metronome , it keeps free timing - and it soars up into the empty places , and flows between the spaces of its own notes , which are notes of harsh joy in a grand precenting , reading the line in the void between the worlds . 
 i had been made sick by an excess of streetlights reflected on slick wet pavement , by beautiful cruelties , by wise irrelevant snake 's eyes and their rimed realities , by my own desperate suicidal joy . 
 `` from this night on , '' you said , `` just tell them the truth . '' 
 you brushed the hair from my forgotten face , and gave me blood and bones again . 
 i left . 
 i crossed the red river and in my new ears , i heard the distant roaring of the sea . 
 17 and i was home . 
 i heard the leaves mutter , but my hands no longer fluttered like trapped moths at my scratched window . 
 and i looked around . 
 outside , the trees still shifted in their mysterious language . 
 and i thought of how i had come to this strange pass - to be numb , as if i had drunk good whisky , from the shapes of scars in glass . 
 though i could not forget that she was still inside me , like an aftertaste of rock salt on a fish - like the bright glow of my old cruelties , and my nights in the shadow of a dead bridge , yet i knew that i was altered , now - that i belonged to that queen 's void well , not because i had drunk of its thick waters , but because i had lived to tell what it held . 
 and i looked at my wife where she was lying beside me , and the rose of that night 's light was gone , and i fell into a sleep with no dreaming , a night-wanderer in the blue falling-away of the bright dawn . 
 prayer for nothing i knelt here once and asked with outstretched hands , for things that do n't mean anything at all . 
 so i will kneel and ask for nothing now . 
 the things we want are worthless , and the world denies them to us to expose the fraud . 
 i 'll praise the mercy of this savage god , who forced me to approach him as i am - a man with open eyes and empty hands . 
 sons of the crow and are we not of the sons of the crow , who worship a hidden creed ? 
 or those who seek but do not know , and hear , but do not heed ? 
 and should i draw the sacred sword and hold it in my hand , to bring the fury of the lord through this corrupted land ? 
 or should i cast the foolish night of vengeance to the sun ? 
 or should i face that deadly light from which the angels run ? 
 and are we not of the sons of the sky , who worship the hidden star ? 
 or those who neither live nor die but watch it from afar ? 
 my heart and i my heart and i were like a pair of crows beneath a quiet sky of evening snows . 
 i tried to sing aloud - she laughed at me , and said i was too proud to ever see . 
 and though i 've held the traces of the light , i ca n't forget that night . 
 my heart and i were like a pair of birds of some forgotten kind that once had words . 
 i turned and spoke her name . 
 she flew away , with words of so much shame i can not say . 
 and though i 've tasted seven kinds of fear it seems i still can hear . 
 i left my heart at last and walked alone where worlds had never spun nor stars had shone . 
 i turned and fiercely cried she came to me when i had nearly died beside the sea . 
 she dove into my chest and beat at last . 
 i broke apart the past . 
 war just war until the end of time , until the sun goes out . 
 there 's nothing else i still require . 
 the night has touched my mouth . 
 its lips are soft and i am now both paralyzed with fear , and shaken by ecstatic glory , silent , vast and clear . 
 the world will end in ice , they say , or else perhaps in flame . 
 the horror and the wonder are the same . 
 the desert spirits storm banks in the distance on the texas panhandle like diagonal mushroom clouds whose silent lightning carves fresh slices out of a flat , gray future . 
 across the border , and we 're inside them . 
 the raindrops snap at us like falling monsters , biting at the windshield in a suicidal dive . 
 and the wind whistles like a machine run amok , and the clock stops , and we are lost to time . 
 pain can always be endured if there is a voice to give protest . 
 out here there are two voices : and a void on either side . 
 she pouts , and cocks her head at him , and says - `` why , perhaps next summer , when my dear gollem-mad father turns the earth into a prison for the goblins . '' 
 `` no , my dear , '' he says . 
 she has n't understood . 
 pain can always be endured if there is a voice to give protest , but what i saw there in front of me had no mouth , just smooth skin . 
 the desert mountains are like great bodies pockmarked by scrubs , pale and obese in their roadside resting places , as if we were passing through a plague pit choked with giants . 
 there 's a void on either side of me , and an unexpected ache . 
 i am attached to my head like a balloon on a string . 
 hours pass in a ghost phase , between sleep and waking . 
 my eyes squint at the mountains and they become glass in atomic heat . 
 would you know how to find me here ? 
 would you trade my hope for new memories ? 
 because the mojave is mighty and i do n't want to come home . 
 great rocks in the distance like the gods of stonehenge , standing in a circle with an untold secret , weaving out our past years among scrub brush and sand . 
 canyon diablo is skull dry , and i hear things i ca n't remember . 
 the spirits of the desert will trade bone marrow for wisdom : parasites of the empty places , sleep and learn , sleep and learn . 
 i found these voices in the wasteland , inside a fluttering darkness , in all the endless , bright ages since i last saw your face . 
 if i could i would call to you , i would cut your name through this emptiness , but i 'm trading blood for new memories and i must meet them alone . 
 out here the nighthunters have long faces and teeth like canine 's . 
 the windmills on the hilltops look like arrows in a dragon 's spine . 
 if you would throw dice with the desert spirits you must have skin that drinks everything , ready to cough up a basilisk close your eyes , cut your mouth , and sing . 
 would you know how to find me here ? 
 would you trade your bones for new memories ? 
 because there is nothing around me now but this bright , empty faith : stretching out , filling everything burning atoms to angel 's wings killing hearts till they break and sing and i do n't want to come home . 
 long wet night through the empty streets on a long wet night low buildings watch without a light . 
 blessed bourbon , gentle cigarettes warm sluggish hearts that wo n't forget , unclench cold fingers far too tired to fight . 
 along the docks , fat rats like goblins creep . 
 old boats all rest in a cool wet bed and the rain refreshes your aching head and you think perhaps it is time to go to sleep . 
 and a breeze blows in from off the bay like a long , cold song , while far away warm children sleep in soft dry beds and parents kiss their sleeping heads . 
 you still remember what she had to say . 
 beneath these boats dream galaxies so deep they 've never known the fading light - their promise is a long wet night - and you think perhaps it is time you went to sleep . 
 by the empty docks on a cold wet night low buildings , long-forgotten lights , iced bourbon and bright cigarettes ca n't soothe these years that wo n't forget or warm cold fingers far too tired to fight . 
 behind your face , old fears like goblins creep . 
 but once , when she was standing there , those eyes , her fingers in your hair - and you hear her say , `` go home . 
 and go to sleep . '' 
 your secret history 1 a red petal , placed on the space between your breasts , would taste tart as a mulberry from the salt rhythms of your beating chest . 
 pressed up against the soft skin of your wet stomach , i have yet to uncover the inexpressible redness of your night sky ; and i have not yet discovered why there is also a mask-like mystery moving between us in your living breath , whose eyes are like a glass marble , whose skies are speckled with histories of old storms like the skies of jupiter . 
 like your eyes . 
 i have not yet uncovered your secret history . 
 there is a taste to your touch - you are not quite like grape . 
 there is much more . 
 2 the clouds wonder . 
 blue shapes ride the night sky . 
 and as you light the holy incense , something slowly wanders by . 
 attracted by the gleam in your eye or by the lovely severity with which you approach your task , divine monsters without form dissolve into silt at the bottom of your glass . 
 and after you have offered a prayer to the wine-god , and born his blood as a mark below your lip , and when your skin is flushed with his internal dancing , and when your heart begins to skip ; then the silt of those divine monsters will drip like candlewax as you begin your task . 
 but i will be more silent than the mask . 
 3 the clouds wonder . 
 echoes shudder in the sky . 
 and in the not-too-distant future , i might slowly wander by . 
 drawn closer by the gleam in your eye or by the lovely severity with which you forget the past , i might appear in silt to haunt you or in the blank lines of a mask . 
 and when you have offered yourself to the wine-god , and born his dancing as a mark below your chest , i might remind you of the red petal that i once placed between your breasts . 
 i might remind you of your wet stomach , and of the redness of your night sky . 
 but i will not discern these answers . 
 i will not discover why . 
 4 there will be no mask-like mystery to move between us in your living breath . 
 and if anything is a glass marble , that is an eye with nothing left . 
 so your skies will retain the mystery of old jupiter 's forgotten storms . 
 but as for my strange disappearance , i will take on other forms . 
 i could n't break your code - i struggled , i fought the watchers of the nighttime sun . 
 i unraveled harsh equations , but the lights went when i 'd won . 
 now i am bathed in night 's own water , strangely purified , but lost . 
 i am your intimation of a ghost . 
 in the skin of the moon i cleansed my blood of hope and fear and the rain came down and it was raining shells and the shells were the bones of the things of the air and i was lost in the desert laughing . 
 and each broken shell was as white as the sun there were worms inside and the worms were cold and the worms were blind and they crawled in my ears and i was hopeless fearless laughing . 
 and i slept , dead drunk , in the skin of the moon and i dreamed about you i was lost in your tongue . 
 and the cold worms said `` this will never be yours , '' but i was hopeless , fearless , laughing . 
 as dreams die she wore a necklace of black pearls like tears . 
 and as the door opened , we cried out in terror . 
 something hungry is in the water . 
 this is a place of death . 
 `` dreams , '' she told us , `` drown their victims before feeding . 
 the door is open now . 
 you should go down to the river . '' 
 the wind blew pieces off our house , while birds pecked at the scraps and dogs chased us , mocking . 
 great storms the color of a purple sunset destroyed cities in the distance . 
 `` the war is here now , and there will be no future . 
 go down to beg mercy from him , although he has none . 
 dreams eat their victims slowly . 
 the door is open . '' 
 i checked my weapon as the storms came closer . 
 i would die as dreams die . 
 as hard as memories . 
 bone legions i washed out my eyes of all wrath , and i slept and my foes rose up and they were armored in bone and the bone dripped wax and the wax was alive but my eyes were as cold as tomorrow . 
 and i knew on that day i would triumph at last and revenge would be mine for the breaking of glass for the wax that they dripped on your eyes as you slept , for each grain of white salt on your sorrow . 
 priest , sage or magician if you cross the starry river in the plains of day and night you will find the priests who live there and they 'll feed you wrong and right . 
 though the wrong is sour as poison and the right is vile and sweet , in the world of prayer and wisdom there is nothing else to eat . 
 so you 'll cross the deep blue desert to the cliffs of saint and sage , where they 'll fit you for a hair-shirt and they 'll hang you from a cage . 
 though you pray until you 're witless you will never pierce the veil . 
 once you 're whittled down to shavings they will tell you that you failed . 
 so your purview is n't wisdom - there are other ways to be . 
 ask the spiders in their burrows . 
 ask the water in the sea . 
 in the ruined walls of carthage there 's a man who sits alone . 
 he can tell you what your dream is from the cracks along a bone . 
 in the empty quarter , keening , there 's a woman , old and blind , and her milky eyes are staring through saharas of the mind . 
 they will show you how to do things - how to rule the wind and storm . 
 and you 'll find yourself a stranger in the place where you were born . 
 no dreams , no illusions no dreams no illusions we walked down the staircase in stunned , mute surrender for what we had seen : our cities , like bone-dust lay broken around us , our eyes weird and sightless reflecting cold dreams . 
 i saw you like this on the cusp of regretting - forgetting to reach me , then lost on the edge . 
 no dreams no illusions like children we stuttered though all of this matters it 's not what it seems . 
 i wanted to reach you to catch at your fingers your face like an ocean your cities in flame . 
 my eyes were unseeing my vision was elsewhere no dreams no illusions and no one to blame . 
 you would n't doubt the floor i 'll sleep behind a wall tonight and tell the digging things how we stole their history . 
 and i will miss you . 
 every moment i miss you . 
 but that wo n't keep me from the mystery . 
 to find what i 'm looking for you need rage - you need a furnace , in fact . 
 you need a ghostlike face . 
 if a lone doubt survives , throw it back - throw yourself off a staircase . 
 de gustibis non disputam i climbed a staircase to the land of birds and told them what i 'd learned . 
 they did n't care . 
 to birds , the world is made of clouds and air . 
 i dove into the waters of the deep and sang a poem to sharks . 
 they swam on by . 
 i might as well have sung of stars and sky . 
 i heard the demon 's sermon , and his voice was thick as dark molasses , but his creed was not convenient to my present need . 
 so if i have n't walked the darkest paths of which my kind is capable the cause is not that i have dearly loved his laws . 
 when dreams demand when dreams demand surrender burn the bridges close your eyes . 
 i 'll paint myself apocalyptic colors and we 'll rise . 
 the holy war for human horror flowers here in me : just try to stop our march and you will see . 
 secrecy and the straight razor compose yourself . 
 they 're closing in . 
 and when they reach the city , there might be time for one last prayer . 
 will you tell them how the love of god is like a straight razor - unseen until it ruins you , until the light bursts like a bloodletting ? 
 will you tell them of what you found here in this long dream of yours - days that left you unbroken so that the dim hours could have their time with you , her eyes runic but still not readable , and of the deep hurt of understanding ? 
 no . 
 they are almost here . 
 just compose yourself . 
 the things that matter most should die most quietly . 
 go out and meet them now . 
 do n't show them anything . 
 the three of us so it has come to this , at last - i brood , i chew on the pulp of years for one last drop of that sweet liquor that i misconstrued . 
 outside , the night is endless . 
 and the cars roll on forever . 
 so we sit and think - the three of us - that 's me , your ghost , and drink . 
 vast shadows pass across the dark blue sky , like crippled spirits falling . 
 and the night , prepares itself . 
 it knows you . 
 you will lie - `` do n't be afraid . 
 it 's going to be alright . '' 
 lullaby `` apathy is frozen violence . '' 
 - jimmy boyle from where i stand , this night contains forever . 
 stretched out like taffy , silent but aware . 
 i never thought you might contain it . 
 never . 
 i hear you whisper , but there 's no one there . 
 if you would know , seek darkness out , and silence . 
 but i myself might never speak again . 
 mute answers find me in my frozen violence - perhaps i could adore you . 
 and what then ? 
 tonight is given to the blank white sorrow , expanding from its center , vast and deep . 
 this horror is n't personal . 
 tomorrow , there 's work to do , as always . 
 go to sleep . 
 spiritual materialism i hungered for the silver light of those who walk the moon . 
 they never showed their wings that night or else they came too soon . 
 i hungered for the sudden tears that meant the sun was mine . 
 i waited for a hundred years , but missed the proper time . 
 on bended knee i sought the source of all that moves above , and only when i knew remorse decided it was love . 
 sense of freedom the cobalt skies of twilight shudder strangely . 
 something 's coming - something old and wild . 
 we tasted it in sorrow as we waited , light and darkness , mixed but reconciled . 
 its drunken vastness dwarfs the lie of reason its empty howling dread tears dreams apart . 
 i know this weight this undiscovered chaos i know this savage love that 's at its heart . 
 it breathed the spark of raging life inside us . 
 the universe exploded with its kiss . 
 if i could bear that light that sense of freedom i 'd kneel and honor everything that is . 
 the well of imbas no questions . 
 no answers . 
 open skies so vast that there is nothing meaningful to say to such a wide horizon . 
 so we shrink . 
 it 's hard to wake up every day and drink the ice-cold water that the muses sing . 
 the price of love is fear and trembling . 
 between earth and heaven there 's no need to apologize . 
 we stand between the earth and heaven , and the weight of all this light and beauty drags us down . 
 these things are what they are , and that is all , and i do n't even need to understand . 
 so do n't apologize . 
 it went as planned . 
 pleroma in gnostic esotericism , `` pleroma '' is a term for a higher level of reality . 
 in this poem , i have borrowed the word as a name for the higher reality of myth and magic , accessible through dream and trance . 
 1 i 've drawn a door with white chalk on the wall , and knocked three times . 
 i close my eyes and wait . 
 it almost seems as if they will not come , but laws are even stricter over there and all my will is focused on the world that waits beyond that wall . 
 i hear a creak , and light and music , ghostly choirs and strings , and darkly simple drums announce a life no less corrupt -lrb- for all that 's here is there -rrb- but closer to the source of all , and so more perilous with light and shadow both . 
 `` it 's you again , '' a voice says . 
 `` welcome home . 
 pleroma has n't changed - of course , it has , for all that is must pass and trade its place with all that 's not - but like the sea , it bides . 
 jade towers shine as green as ocean waves made dimly golden by the setting sun , and marbled streets still wind their ancient way by temples and pavilions , to the hill where gleam the palaces of all the gods . 
 here mountains shine with snow as white as faith , while forests brood by root and tangled branch . 
 here deserts , just as empty as the sky , howl out their wrath in sandstorms to the world , and every road leads , in the end , to fear . 
 the kind of fear that purifies . 
 come in . '' 
 2 i bow in honor to my eldritch guide - a milk-pale , eyeless goblin - and i pass with reverence and trepidation both between the lines of chalk , which fade behind , to leave me standing on a mountainside beside a ruined temple , where the stones and columns lie as broken as old bones . 
 real magic is as bright and clean as this , and just as simple . 
 if you can not build a world of wonder with a piece of chalk , you 'll never conjure it with weighty words of ancient wizards either . 
 now i stand below a black and ice-slick wall of rock capped white with snow . 
 below me winds a trail through trees and rocks to valleys far beneath . 
 i know the joy , the freedom , of the way of wandering from road to unseen road , and i could take this path , and never stop , but always chase that next hill into night . 
 but no . 
 for in my wandering i 've learned , it does n't really matter where you are , and anyway the whole world can be found within a single room . 
 i 'll stay right here and find out what this temple has to teach . 
 pleroma is a vast - an endless - place , and if my vanished guide has placed me here , he must have had his reasons . 
 so i sit . 
 the wide world fades to nightfall , and the cold comes twice as bitter on the heels of night . 
 i break up branches in a bowl of stone and build a bright and flickering white flame to keep me company . 
 and then , a voice - `` kind traveler , perhaps you 'll let a ghost who 's haunted this old temple for an age , sit down beside your fire and bandy words to pass the winter night . '' 
 i smile , and nod . 
 and there , across the firelight , sits a man bent double with the weight of countless years and gnarled and twisted as a hard , old root . 
 his beard is long and purely white . 
 his eyes gleam sharp as two bright shards of glass . 
 he smiles , with all the kindness of a laughing sage , and leans upon a bent old stick , as thin and twisted up as he is . 
 then he speaks . 
 3 `` my name is he who dreams above the clouds , the wizard of mons mystica , the ghost of brokedown temple , and i 'm sure there 's more . 
 it 's easy to forget these things , you know . 
 and who are you ? '' 
 i laugh , and feed a branch into the embers of the fading fire , which flares to life . 
 `` i scarcely know myself . 
 i used to think i knew , but that was then , and time has taught me not to trust such dreams . 
 i strove for such a long , hard , bitter time to make my mark , and here i am , unknown , my work as weightless as a spoken word , and all my deeds and crimes and blessings too perched high above a pit , with just a thread between existence and a sudden drop to true extinction . 
 that is who i am - a string that strains above a heavy weight , doomed soon enough to snap . 
 and then i 'll fall . '' 
 `` i like your sense of humor , '' he replied , though i had not considered this a jest . 
 `` you call yourself a string , '' he said . 
 `` that 's great - as if you came to that much ! 
 what a joy . 
 old ghosts like me spend centuries alone , without a visitor to pass the time in friendly conversation round a fire . 
 and those who come are all too often stern with self-importance in their chosen role as pseudo-sages . 
 but i like your style , to come here cracking jokes . 
 you have my thanks . '' 
 i cocked an eyebrow at him skeptically , -lrb- my father used to do that , while he lived -rrb- then burst out laughing . 
 `` fair enough , '' i said . 
 `` i know too well that what you say is true . 
 real sages live in dreams and not the world , where all who live are flawed and stained with sin . '' 
 at this he laughed so hard i almost feared he 'd disappear from laughing . 
 `` you 're too much ! 
 the dreadful sinner , penitent and dark . 
 it 's true enough , i 'll grant you , that you 've erred , and harmed your fellows now and then . 
 but still , there is n't any need to put on airs . 
 if everyone 's a sinner , who is not ? 
 and anyway , if you should never know the flawless glory of the ancient way , it does n't really matter much . 
 the stars will gleam as coldly though they are not seen , and every atom of the waking world is pregnant with the love of god , my friend , regardless of your ignorance . 
 the earth - no , all the universe - is one vast light , a light that does n't need you to exist , or care if you 're enlightened . 
 and in truth , you can not be enlightened , any more than one proud , tiny spark can shine so bright the sun itself would notice . 
 just relax ! 
 the perfect freedom of the way is here , it 's all around you , and this holy hill is just an outpost of a joy so huge it holds no truck with reason . 
 shed your fears , and share a glass of wine with me tonight . 
 we 'll drink to joy and sorrow , hopes and fears , and all the empty , silent mountain peaks that live inside you . 
 though you were in hell , you 'd even learn to bless your prison cell . '' 
 4 and with these words the ghost produced a flask of purest aqua vitae from his cloak . 
 because he was a drinking man , i knew that i could trust his kindness , so i smiled and thanked him for his clear and earnest words . 
 we spent the night as drunk as two old tramps passed out along the roadside , and we told such jokes and stories that the hills themselves were shaken into laughter . 
 when the dawn came out to kiss the world , and all the stars blinked out before the sunrise , i arose . 
 the ghost of he who dreams above the clouds had disappeared with dawn , as ghosts will do , but i was still as drunk as if a dream had turned my bones to mist . 
 i saw the world laid out before me , and the light of god shone out from every mountain , every tree , each branch and needle , every rock and root , as if the one united kissed it all and kissed my lips as well . 
 and all was blessed with such a blessing that my beating chest seemed fit to burst with happiness . 
 i knew that there is no enlightenment to find , when all the world is light -lrb- and dark as well ! -rrb- . 
 and i was filled with such an urge to tell of what i 'd seen that i could only smile , imagining the things the ghost would say at all my pseudo-sagehood . 
 so i stood and turned my back , for now , on going home . 
 pleroma is a vast -lrb- an endless -rrb- land , as filled with wonders as a fruit with juice , and i would drink it all before i turned and drew the door to take myself back home . 
 i set out on the path with all the ease of one who knows that there 's no need to go , but loves the going and the staying both and all things to be found in every day . 
 i set my steps , with joy , upon the way . 
 these grim woods so earthbound spirits learn to live on passing things - the fear of cold the love of comfort and the toll of lost and found . 
 i counted out the things i 've done in these grim woods - the things i 've seen , the lives i 've lived and all the faces i have been . 
 a stained and melancholy path through forests where the ancient pines look down on us , impassive , watchful , of our crimes . 
 and yet i 've touched on something more - a cold , clear note that comes and goes . 
 the implication of a song that no one living knows . 
 we 'll hear that note just once or twice but never see the one who sings . 
 so earthbound spirits learn to live for worldly things . 
 then go to war in such a world , then , nothing can be won . 
 i picked a flower made of blood and glass and gave it to you with a little smile that was n't quite ironic . 
 let your creed be self-denial . 
 starve yourself until you 're made of dreams so chaste and wild and pale they need no blood of passion to survive . 
 then go to war . 
 and do n't come back alive . 
 though he brought the sun though he brought to the sun to the heavens , though he fished us out of a cold , cold star though he bound the worm to the waters in a secret war . 
 though he split the land from the water , though he put each star in its own true place though he spared us all from the slaughter i fear his face . 
 down here if there 's no victory then where we stand is less important than the price we pay and why we choose to pay it . 
 all our wars come down to this at last , and all our tears . 
 there 's nothing else to have or hold down here . 
 thy will be done a breath unfolding from the depths that says `` thy will be done . '' 
 outside the night is still and cold : how quiet winter comes . 
 no fruit in all these spartan fields - just frost and stunted grass . 
 uncertain what the dawn will yield but there 's no need to ask . 
 cold freedom , bright , and unconstrained . 
 all 's lost , the race is run . 
 this joy unfolds from unknown depths and says `` thy will be done . '' 
 why people do n't cry in movie theaters solemn children playing silent ghosts that never cry . 
 where we live they take no pity - nor can you and i . 
 here beasts of prey crouch all around , they 're out there in the night . 
 they 'll hear us if we make a sound before the morning light . 
 so if we sing we sing in silence , and our play 's the same . 
 a solemn , quiet , watchful , fearful patient kind of game . 
 in such a world as this we cry alone , or not at all . 
 and only monsters notice if we fall . 
 from here to nowhere lost somewhere on the road from here to nowhere : my life as weightless as an unborn breath . 
 my face unknown my name my thoughts forgotten , in solitude and freedom from the past . 
 our life 's a constant wounding . 
 there 's its beauty . 
 each moment hurts us , every breath 's a scar . 
 do n't fall asleep do n't fight it do n't escape it - this jagged , perfect song is what you are . 
 prometheus this poem was inspired by a scene in `` silverlock '' by john myers myers , in which the demon faustopheles asks silverlock to judge the crime of prometheus in bringing consciousness to humanity . 
 `` i 'm prometheus , '' he told me . 
 `` i 'm the traitor and the thief . '' 
 but his eyes were still defiant through his horror and his grief . 
 then the eagle stuck its beak in for the hundred millionth time , and i watched in guilty wonder . 
 was i worthy of his crime ? 
 have i used the gift he gave me ? 
 have i kept the embers warm ? 
 have i fed the god inside me striving daily to be born ? 
 the country of the king when your faith descends from heaven when you find you can not fly when you lose the strength to bargain with the powers of the sky , when the things they keep demanding seem impossible and grand you can come into the country of the powers of the land . 
 they have drunk from deeper waters and their holiness is dark . 
 and to them the light is precious , so they value every spark . 
 they are not inclined to question what you 've done or where you 've been - though you 've wandered far from wisdom you can always come again . 
 there is gold beneath the mountain there is treasure in the sea , there 's a chalice and a fountain granting things that can not be . 
 there are palaces and temples in the cities on the plain made of bone as smooth as marble where the windows run like rain . 
 there 's a grove of golden peaches , there are apples , green and red , there 's a hierophant who teaches from the gospels of the dead . 
 there are kings and queens , created to be gods before the fall - though you wandered there for ages you could never see it all . 
 and your anguished hope of heaven , once a parched and withered thing , will be branches red with berries in the country of the king . 
 the weight of words the crystal darkness broke apart , i watched the pieces fall . 
 to find and fix them takes an art i do n't possess at all . 
 it comes to this - we 'll have to live without them for a while . 
 in love with horror , courting things that laugh but never smile . 
 we come to you with broken beaks and wings like crippled birds . 
 it 's better not to even speak than lose the weight of words . 
 as footsteps echo as footsteps echo , empty chapels bathed in light and shade send hymns of praise in space and sorrow , thanking him for what he made . 
 do n't fear because this life is lonely , or because the night is long : god 's music is the space for silence woven through the song . 
 boulders and distance walking alone above the tree-line : cold , clear mountain air . 
 thickets of birch and pine below me , boulders and distance everywhere . 
 how could i care about these struggles , here where they ca n't be seen ? 
 why would i let the dust come near me now that i 'm finally clean ? 
 great freedom great freedom , like a land of mountains frosted white with clean , bright snow , groves of pine as dark as midnight , fields of ice that almost glow . 
 mottled black and silver birches , packs of wolves and running stags , crying cougars , fierce and hungry , screaming out from lonesome crags . 
 freedom pure and unconstricted joy so vast and clear and bright everything that is , is holy , pregnant with an endless light , shining with a blinding darkness , clear and simple and absurd , stored within since god created everything with just a word . 
 possessing nothing for my daughters , leila and rowan . 
 possessing nothing , least of all this small , new , unlearned life . 
 i hold your chin against my shoulder . 
 outside , all the night is turning , changing , gaining color , as the dawn appears . 
 i breathe as slowly as the ocean , calming all your fears . 
 possessing nothing , i am certain you will not recall the calm and strength i have to give , but you can have it all . 
 the pharisee i never wished to love the world , nor yet to know the sky . 
 i waited when the flag unfurled , and watched its bearer die . 
 i sat in silence , counting days like echoes in the hall . 
 as many did , i gave him praise but did n't stop his fall . 
 he told me he could teach the art the world was built upon . 
 and yet , within my secret heart , i smiled when he was gone . 
 the orison of sorrow inspired by k.j. bishop 's `` the etched city '' . 
 i opened my hands in the orison of flowers like a sad benediction from the twilight of faith . 
 though an aftertaste lingered of coffee and roses i sought out the crossroads to uncover my face . 
 i opened my eyes in the orison of sorrow like a slow , sure prediction of the season to come . 
 i went out past the city with a handful of roses and i buried them standing - i was deaf , blind and dumb . 
 if i paid what they asked for and i learned all the answers i would still be as silent , as foreign , as cold . 
 so i stood at the crossroads and i left empty-handed by chance uncorrupted - but suddenly old . 
 dead ecstasies the wind between the worlds has given a cold magic to my blood since last we touched . 
 when i dream of you now , you are a sky whose thick clouds are piled up on each other like dead ecstasies after a season of unwisdom , streaked with black , overripe and corrupt like all raptures . 
 it is hard to believe there was once innocence here , and such sweetness . 
 and , of course , there was n't . 
 when i raise my hand when my eyeballs bloom like flowers and my hands go forth to war , when the bell that tolls the hours cracks and falls and rings no more , when the oceans turn to deserts made of salt as fine as sand will you still deny your treasures ? 
 will you stop and understand ? 
 you can build a cage for tigers and pretend that they are tame you can serve the rage of liars while you glorify the name , you can still the tongue that teaches , you can kill the eyes that see , and however far my reach is you can still attempt to flee . 
 but the sum of all your errors will be reckoned in the score , and you 'll pay the price in terror when my heart goes forth to war . 
 nightstorm in the blank places there is only fear . 
 here the birds are like gods , and they hover over us in a divine panic , black wings beating the air like a nightstorm on a blue background . 
 do not be curious and do not follow us . 
 though her hand fell from your own at last like a forgotten promise , do not learn our language . 
 vision is a flat white screen on which horrors are projected , and our magic is evil . 
 stormrider a poem written in memory of my father david douglas thompson , who passed away in 2006 while competing in the sunfish world championships . 
 1 you cast a heavy shadow . 
 years will pass yet none who knew will ever lose the sight of one bright , piercing eye . 
 you walked the world in such a wild and vivid way , your mark as potent as a rune on all you touched . 
 the rider of a winter storm , the wolf of wind and water and the wizard-king of salt and spray , an alchemist of song , who turned the darkness seen at jacob 's pond to fearsome music , and the saddest plans the gods prepared for madmen into notes of such weird beauty that they seem to ring between the moments of this floating life in haunted echoes . 
 not for you the pale , transparent destinies of modern man : the doubts , the smallness and the final fall from very little into not at all . 
 your failures and your victories were large . 
 in everything you did you waged a long , determined bout with heaven , till the dawn lit both of you to laughter . 
 now you 're gone . 
 an old , unbeaten rebel , taken back to somewhere far away , beyond our dreams . 
 but every now and then it almost seems that i can hear your voice . 
 and what it says is , `` hold the course . 
 the fight is far from done . '' 
 2 so , captain , what is next ? 
 do ghosts advise ? 
 i 've waged a war myself , these many years . 
 and yet , before you left us , you 'd been cleansed and purified by suffering so harsh it almost broke you , into something new - a calmer man , if never quite content . 
 you spent your last year pondering the past , the things that made you and the things you made . 
 with pipe in mouth you watched the seasons change while , flickering behind your eyes , the tales of lore and legend leaped like dancing sparks . 
 you loved to tell those stories ! 
 and , in all , you featured as the hero . 
 but your voice wove such a spell of magic round the words that legend came to life for us . 
 and now , tall tales and all , you 've fallen into sleep . 
 i never wept except for that first night . 
 it did n't seem correct , somehow . 
 i knew you left this world as you 'd have wanted to , the ocean wind behind you and the spray blown cold against your face , the dark green sea in all its ancient fury close beside , and one task only - race , and try to win . 
 you did n't quite have long enough . 
 but then , there 's no one here who does or ever will . 
 and every day your shadow knows me still . 
 3 yes , i was scared of you . 
 that 's true enough . 
 you had a madness deep behind your eyes , that blazed sometimes , and kindled , deep in me , a madness of my own . 
 your legacy is complicated and its roots are dim , and knotted up as tight as tangled hair . 
 i look back on these deeds of mine and find much sorrow and my own dark share of shame , and here and there a little quiet pride . 
 were you the same ? 
 and did you face the night with sick self-loathing for the things you 'd done , or did you never dare to hear that voice ? 
 it 's not my wish to judge you . 
 all your life you struggled with the darkness , as have i. i know the language of the night too well to fail to recognize its mark in you , and recognition is forgiveness . 
 still , my task , i think , is this - to give my sons the best of you and leave those things behind that harmed us both . 
 in this , i 'll honor you . 
 4 good blades will bend , yet still come back to true , and hold the keenest edge . 
 to forge a sword , white heat is needed . 
 so you forged my life , and poured your lore into the blue-black steel of what i am . 
 now , dip me in a stream and leaves will part against my sharpened edge . 
 god willing , my own children will be blades as sharp as i am , but will have the skill of teaching leaves to turn aside , unharmed . 
 i 'll hold the ground you conquered and move on to claim new lands as well . 
 i owe you that . 
 you climbed up from the pit to make a life worth singing of , a story to be told . 
 and if i tell of darkness with the light , my captain , please remember , truth is one and undivided and i can not sing a portion of the truth ; there 's no such thing . 
 5 so here i stand before the salt-blue sea , my eyes averted from the open sky . 
 the breeze is cold , and breakers crash and roar , while birds cry lonely omens . 
 here it comes . 
 i face the task you faced with me , and hope that i 'm equipped to do it . 
 but i know the hawk-like strength of all our kin is mine , and all that 's left is just to face my task with bold , high spirit and with love 's command . 
 and i will tell my children , so they 'll know - their father 's father was the kind of man who comes into this world , not every day but once in many years . 
 a wolf of wind and ocean wave , a wizard of the sea , an alchemist of music and a man who fought and did n't cease his fight until the ocean waves closed over , cold and still . 
 and i will tell them also , what is true - the core of what they see in me is you . 
 the flowers of evil a selection of translations from baudelaire 's classic collection of decadent poetry to the reader stupidity and error , lies and vice - they hold the reins and lead you on your course . 
 how tenderly you cultivate remorse ! 
 a beggar nourishing his favorite lice . 
 steeped in your evils , to the priest you run . 
 a tawdry , ostentatious public show , then back to business . 
 all the while you know , no tears can cleanse the things that you have done . 
 a three-faced devil , from his bed of ill enchants your soul and lulls you into rest . 
 he 'll use his cunning as an alchemist to vaporize the metal of your will . 
 satan himself has come to be your guide ! 
 his awful trophies meet you on the way . 
 they stink of hell , and murder and decay - despite the stench , you pass unhorrified . 
 a bored old playboy , chewing on the breast of some defeated whore , as if to tease one final drop of joy - but though you squeeze , this fruit is dry , however hard you press . 
 mad throngs of drunken demons crowd your brain , ecstatic , fearful . 
 and with every breath the poisonous vapors of your future death fill up your lungs , and course through all your veins . 
 if rape and poison , knives and raging fires do not embellish your pathetic fate the boring canvas of the life you hate - you lack the courage for your true desires . 
 this world 's a zoo of jackals , panthers , lice , a den of scorpions , of apes and worms , of monstrous things that grovel , grunt and squirm . 
 yet in this damned menagerie of vice , there 's one more ugly than the vilest crime - a quiet foe - he 'd never make a scene , and yet he 'd ruin all the world in dream - he 'd swallow up the earth to pass the time . 
 in opium dreams he sleeps , and breeds all sin . 
 his name is boredom , and you know him well . 
 you know him reader , gentle king of hell , hypocrite reader , you - my brother - my twin ! 
 the sick muse poor muse of mine , what 's wrong with you ? 
 the trace of nightmare haunts you . 
 evil visions churn behind your hollow eyes . 
 and in your face - madness and horror , cold and taciturn . 
 the succubus and goblin , green and red , have overturned the pot of love and fear and drowned you with it . 
 and an awful dread , tyrannical and potent , holds you near . 
 i wish your christian blood could find the clean and healthy rhythm of a different dream - the ancient poetry . 
 i wish your heart could beat in time with that forgotten art , regaining health and beauty in the land of great apollo and the mighty pan . 
 the evil monk the ancient monasteries once displayed the truths of scripture on their mighty walls in pleasing colors mixed with light and shade to warm the austere coldness of their halls . 
 then christ burned bright in every human heart and many a noble monk , now quite unknown , glorified death with unaffected art along those high , dark walls of heavy stone . 
 my soul 's a crypt , where , evil cenobite , i 've paced forever in a private night from wall to wall - and every wall is bare . 
 oh , lazy monk , when will i understand how to create the labor of my hands out of the spectacle of my long despair ? 
 you , whom i worship ... you , whom i worship as the vault of night , oh vase of sorrow , quiet in your might , i only love you more when you refuse to gratify my lusts - as if you 'd use that coldness to increase , in irony , the space between the wide , blue skies and me . 
 i 'll come to the attack , i 'll press my case , like maggots swarming on a corpse 's face , and when you show that coldness i adore , implacable , cruel beast , i 'll love you more ! 
 carrion my love , do you recall that thing we found , cast-off beside the road ? 
 the summer skies were blue and clear that morning . 
 on the ground , we saw a lonely carcass , clothed in flies . 
 its legs were spread as wide as if , in lust , it wanted us to join it in the grass . 
 its limbs were caked in filth and roadside dust , its belly bloated , slick , and round with gas . 
 a cynical and nonchalant display ! 
 the sun , to roast the carcass brown and gold burned oven-hot , as if to make it pay its debt to mother earth a hundred-fold . 
 the heavens watched this splendid carcass rot , then open up , just like a rose in bloom . 
 and as we gazed upon the corpse you thought you 'd pass out from this flower 's rank perfume . 
 around that putrid carrion , the flies buzzed hungrily , excited by the smell . 
 and hordes of newborn maggots seemed to rise and flow out slowly like a thick , black gel . 
 it rose and fell like waves . 
 it seemed to writhe and twitch a bit . 
 you almost could have said the filthy thing was once again alive in all the multiplying life it fed . 
 this eerie world had music of its own : a quiet humming , like a distant breeze , like water flowing over roots and stone , like branches whispering , or dry old leaves . 
 before our eyes its features , growing faint , receded like a dream - and left behind bone white as canvas that the artist paints without a model , solely from his mind . 
 behind the rocks nearby , a dog looked on with drooping tongue and hungry , anxious eye , impatient to recover , once we 'd gone , the tasty morsel he had left nearby . 
 to think that you yourself will be this blight , this thing of rot and horror and infection - star of my eyes , my spirit 's own true light , my one beloved and angelic passion ! 
 yes , even you will come to this at last , oh queen of grace . 
 when everything is said you 'll go to feed the flowers and the grass and slowly rot among the ancient dead . 
 so tell them ! 
 tell the worms when you arrive , before they start to feed , that here above i 've always kept your perfect faith alive - the essence of my decomposing love . 
 de profundis clamavi reach out in pity , only one , my dear , and warm the gulf in which my heart 's entombed - a lead-horizoned universe of gloom , a place of blasphemy and endless fear . 
 for half the year , the frozen sun is seen , and for the other half , the land is dark . 
 the polar realm is not a waste so stark - no beast , no stream , no forest , nothing green ! 
 no horror in existence could surpass this frozen cruelty , the sun of ice , or months of night like chaos come at last . 
 i envy every tiny , mindless beast that spends these months of dark and cold asleep , so slow does time pass in this frozen deep ! 
 remorse of the dead my dusky beauty , someday you shall lie beneath a heavy monument of stone cast out from every door , to sleep alone where water drips , beneath an empty sky . 
 and when the stone upon your quailing breast and supple body with its careless charms , makes still your heart and presses down your arms and forces you , at last , to lie at rest , the tomb , a confidant of all my dreams , -lrb- the tomb will always be the poet 's friend -rrb- on long , dark nights that never seem to end , will say , `` imperfect courtesan ! 
 it seems you should have asked yourself why dead men weep ! '' 
 then , like remorse , the worm will start to eat . 
 the possessed the sun is wrapped in crepe today . 
 like him , oh moon of mine ! 
 in shadows dim as this , smoke quietly or sleep ; be still or grim , or plunge headfirst through boredom 's dark abyss . 
 and that is how i love you ! 
 or , instead , you may , like some emerging half-lit star , step out among the folly and the dread to show us what a pretty knife you are . 
 shine brightly , then ! 
 like candles wreathed in flame . 
 or flaunt yourself for peasants . 
 it 's the same - in every form you take , you bring me bliss . 
 with morbid night or sad , red dawn above you , my shaking body , every time we kiss , declares the truth : `` dear beelzebub , i love you ! '' 
 the revenant a savage angel , violent-eyed , i 'll soon rejoin you at your side . 
 i 'll creep discreetly into sight among the shadows of the night . 
 dark beauty , i shall give you soon , caresses colder than the moon , and kisses like a graveyard snake , until the dawn . 
 when you awake beneath a cold and livid sky you 'll shiver all alone , for i shall not return till night appears . 
 another lover , soft and kind , might earn your heart , but you will find that i intend to rule by fear . 
 sepultura one night , perhaps , some christian soul for pity 's sake will find a place behind some ruin for a hole in which to put that lovely face . 
 each night the chaste , white stars will set . 
 they 'll close their eyes as if to rest . 
 it 's then the spider weaves his net , it 's then the viper makes her nest . 
 you 'll lie awake in bitter cold and hear , above your evil head , the cries of wolves that seem to grieve , the moans of witches , starved and old , the creaking of the pervert 's bed , the black conspiracies of thieves . 
 the gladly dead i 'd like to find a spot to sleep alone - soil thick with crawling snails , both rich and dark , a place where i could stretch these tired old bones , and sleep as empty-eyed as any shark . 
 i hate last testaments and pious words . 
 before i 'd ask the world to mourn my death i 'd sooner call a flock of hungry birds to pick me clean before my final breath . 
 oh worms ! 
 my black companions , deaf and blind , the children of decay - in peace of mind , i 'll come to you , philosophers of dread , to ask you as you take your guiltless meal - is there more torment that i still must feel in this old ruin , dead among the dead ? 
 the cask of hate the danaids drink hate - they yearn for it , and vengeance , though her arms are strong and red in vain attempts to fill the yawning pit with pails of blood and tears from all the dead . 
 some fiend digs secret holes in this abyss - it never fills , however much she pours . 
 not even if she somehow brought to life these empty corpses to be drained once more . 
 hate spends each night pressed up against the bar , and every swallow nourishes his thirst . 
 to slay this hydra only makes it worse . 
 but drunks , in fact , are happier by far , for hatred is condemned to be unable ever to fall asleep beneath the table . 
 spleen i have more memories than if i had lived a thousand years . 
 a bureau crammed with papers , souvenirs , love letters , poems , old bills and legal briefs and locks of hair wrapped up in old receipts would harbor fewer secrets than my mind - that pyramid , that crypt of ancient times , which holds more corpses than a family tomb . 
 i am a graveyard hated by the moon , where , like remorse , long worms prefer the flesh of every person that i loved the best . 
 i am a boudoir full of dusty clothes , and scattered petals from a faded rose , where only pale pastels and yellow prints still hold a touch of some forgotten scent . 
 no year could match the length of limping days beneath the winter sun 's distorted rays . 
 ennui , the fruit of endless apathy , takes on the shape of immortality . 
 oh living matter , you shall be , from here , no more than stone wrapped up in nameless fear , abandoned in the hazy desert sun an ancient sphinx unknown by anyone , unmarked on any map , condemned to sing with vicious humor - a forgotten king . 
 the clock the clock ! 
 an evil god , impassive , dark , points constantly and hisses `` do n't forget ! 
 your hearts will be destroyed by sorrows yet , they 'll plant themselves like arrows in their mark . 
 your pleasures will evaporate like mist or float away like sylphs in tiny flight , while every instant takes another bite from your allotted share of joy and bliss . 
 thirty-six hundred times an hour , it speaks . 
 it whispers `` do n't forget ! '' 
 it has a way of chirping , like a bug , `` i 'm yesterday ! 
 i 've sucked your life out with my filthy beak ! '' 
 `` remember ! 
 souviens ! 
 esto memor ! '' 
 -lrb- my metal throat speaks every human tongue . -rrb- 
 `` each moment , foolish mortal , must be wrung until it yields an ounce of golden ore ! '' 
 `` remember , time 's a gambler without flaw , who always wins and never has to cheat . 
 the night advances and the day retreats , the pit is always thirsty ; that 's the law . '' 
 it wo n't be long until immortal fate , or virtue , your unconsummated wife , or guilt -lrb- your final resting place in life ! -rrb- 
 will say to you `` die , coward ! 
 it 's too late ! '' 
 to a passer-by the roaring city screamed around me then . 
 in noble , sad and mournful majesty , a woman passed . 
 with gentle dignity she lifted up her dress 's silken hem . 
 her leg was like a statue , white and still . 
 but as for me , as if i were insane , i swallowed , from her eyes , the hurricane - the calms that beckon and the joys that kill . 
 a light ... and then the night ! 
 oh , fugitive ! 
 i lived again , that day you glanced at me . 
 now are you lost in all eternity ? 
 some distant day , we 'll meet ... but maybe not ! 
 for you were strange to me , and i to you . 
 we could have loved ! 
 and worst of all , you knew ! 
 destruction the demon is always with me . 
 like the air , he fills my world . 
 i 'm wreathed in him like fire . 
 i try to breathe and suddenly he 's there - a constant rage of unfulfilled desire . 
 he knows my love of art , and takes the shape of female beauty to confuse my soul . 
 with specious words he says there 's no escape , and leads me to accept his vile control . 
 he leads me far from god . 
 i walk alone , exhausted , broken , to a place unknown - the plains of boredom , lonely and profound . 
 he throws confusion 's dust into my eyes and then with dirty rags and open wounds he clothes me in destruction 's red disguise . 
 meditation be wise , my pain , and let your worries cease . 
 you asked for night - it came - the night is here . 
 it offers pain to some - to others , peace ; and swallows us in somber atmosphere . 
 while all the swarms of vile humanity cringe underneath the lash of lust 's command and ponder guilt in foul servility , let 's flee from here , my pain - i 'll take your hand . 
 let 's run away . 
 see all the years gone by in faded garments , how they crowd the sky , and surge up from the ocean of our guilt . 
 the sun is sleeping underneath an arch . 
 and , softly trailing like a bolt of silk , my darling , listen to the soft night march . 
 about c.s. thompson cs thompson is the author of a season of strange dreams , a novel featuring noctiviganti , which was described by author john grant as `` an astonishing tour de force of noir fantasy , characterized by some of the most beautifully lyrical , atmospheric writing i 've come across in a long while . 
 chris thompson skilfully blends the mean streets with the streets of dreams in this highly evocative concoction , offering the reader bafflement , dazzlement , gritty hard-boiled realism , wonder and astonishment in turn -- but always delight . 
 a season of strange dreams will remain in your mind long after you 've turned the final page . '' 
 cs thompson is also the author of a poetry collection -lrb- the night wanderer -rrb- , a new translation of baudelaire 's classic flowers of evil , and several works on the use of the highland broadsword and other weapons , including highland broadsword , highland knife-fighting and highland martial culture . 
 he is the president of the cateran society , an organization devoted to researching and practicing the historic gaelic martial arts . 
 other books by c.s. thompson a god who makes fire : bardic mysticism of amergin between somewhere and nowhere : essays on myth , magic and religion broadsword academy by nature denied games dead people play highland broadsword : lessons , drills and practices highland martial culture : the fighting heritage of scotland highland knife fighting with the dirk and sgian i remember nothing suicide king the flowers of evil : selected translations from baudelaire the illuminatus device the music of his sword : martial arts of the pagan celts the night wanderer and other poems the pit priestess and other stories of nottamun a season of strange dreams -lrb- noctiviganti , # 1 -rrb- and then the night -lrb- noctiviganti , # 2 -rrb- city of constant silence -lrb- noctiviganti , # 3 -rrb- for now we wait -lrb- noctiviganti , # 4 -rrb- tree of a thousand eyes -lrb- noctiviganti , # 5 -rrb- river of doorways -lrb- noctiviganti , # 6 -rrb- last days of the night kingdom -lrb- noctiviganti , # 7 -rrb- connect with cs thompson blogs : http://noctiviganti.wordpress.com/ http://cateransociety.wordpress.com/ http://nightwandering.wordpress.com/ http://alienationorsolidarity.wordpress.com/ http://shrineofbriga.wordpress.com/ e-mail : gilbride100@hotmail.com facebook : https://www.facebook.com/christopher.s.thompson.543 
