 troy : a brand of fire smashwords edition copyright © ben blake the author has asserted their moral rights under the copyright , designs and patents act 1988 , to be identified as the author of this work . 
 this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 thie ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for you own use only , please return to your favourite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 this is a work of fiction . 
 any resemblance to any real persons living or dead is entirely coincidental . 
 cover art by mark watts also available in print at online retailers . . 
 also by ben blake the risen king blood and gold -lrb- songs of sorrow volume 1 -rrb- the gate of angels -lrb- songs of sorrow volume 2 -rrb- praise for ben blake for blood and gold a compelling read ... i thoroughly recommend you to read this book . 
 -lrb- sgt -rrb- for the risen king a wonderfully engaging story . 
 -lrb- johnny b -rrb- mr blake has a great understanding of culture ; how to weave it into a story ... i really would like to see a sequel . 
 -lrb- c sheehan -rrb- table of contents chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 chapter 16 chapter 17 chapter 18 chapter 19 chapter 20 about the author troy volume one a brand of fire o’er our victim come begin ! 
 come , the incantation sing , frantic all and maddening , to the heart a brand of fire , the furies ' hymn , that which claims the senses dim , tuneless to the gentle lyre , withering the soul within . 
 aeschylus book one blood red roses chapter one a thessalian field the great boar turned at last just beyond the woods , in a wide vale sprinkled with the crimson droplets of anemones . 
 the chase had lasted half a day by then , and the heroes and princes of greece were strung out across the hills like ants in the sun . 
 fewer than half of those who had roused the beast from its peace in the wood remained to fight it when it turned , and those were all tired beyond reason . 
 many of them did n't get their spears down in time . 
 castor , the heir to sparta , was picked up on a tusk and tossed thirty feet through the air , a broken leg flapping like a torn sail . 
 chaos reigned after that , as men struggled to bring the points of their spears to bear on the rampaging animal . 
 atalanta shot the creature but missed its eye , and her arrow did nothing to slow it . 
 a bronze knife , thrown by no less than theseus of athens , whipped over the boar 's shoulder and buried itself in the thigh of telamon , who gave a fearful bellow as though he was a beast himself . 
 he took a step forward and fell over . 
 the boar was upon him in an instant , mouth gaping to reveal rows of curved yellow teeth . 
 it ran straight onto another man 's spear , driving the bronze point deep with its own rage and momentum . 
 even then it did n't stop attacking . 
 it began to chew along the ash length of the spear , impaling itself more with every convulsion but also coming closer to the man at the other end . 
 the air was filled with grunts and drops of porcine sweat . 
 the animal reached the middle of the spear and was stopped , foiled by a crosspiece of wood put there for just that purpose . 
 it roared and thrashed even harder . 
 then ageing theseus was there , driving with his legs to thrust his own spear deep into the boar 's flank . 
 a moment later the young prince of mycenae , agamemnon , did the same from the other side . 
 and then everyone joined in , ramming spears from all angles while the pig screamed and flailed in utter fury , until finally it made a strange coughing sound and died . 
 the men let go of their spears cautiously . 
 behind them atalanta came up , an arrow still half-drawn and her eyes sharp . 
 but the boar did n't move . 
 arms wiped sweat from faces , and a few men found the energy to smile . 
 `` well , '' theseus said finally . 
 he turned to the man who had first impaled the creature . 
 `` that was good work , peleus . 
 artemis herself could n't have done it better . '' 
 `` is it possible , '' telamon demanded , sprawled in the grass a short distance away , `` that one of you kopros eaters might actually help me up ? '' 
 * boars represent war , and death . 
 they should perhaps have remembered that , those kings , before they gathered for the hunt . 
 an hour later the chariots had started to come up , bringing the men who had fallen behind as the chase wore on . 
 there were great names among them : some titans of the past , others giants whose time was yet to come . 
 among the former was atreus , the high king , stooped and worn now like an old sandal , attended by three pretty handmaidens who rode a chariot of their own . 
 he was stopped and almost completely bald : not one of them was more than seventeen . 
 most men thought they were for show , a boast for all men to see . 
 surely atreus had no use for young women now except to look at , and stir faint memories of the days when blood ran hot in him and the colours of the world were bright and clear . 
 nobody said so aloud though , or if they did they whispered it behind a cupped hand , and only to trusted friends . 
 carefully . 
 the gods gave the house of atreus pride , men say , but not wisdom . 
 they had given them temper as well , and that was one thing about the high king that had not diminished with the years . 
 the younger men included three who were judged too young to join the hunt proper , but old enough to ride with the followers , and see the chase unfold . 
 one was atreus ' younger son menelaus , the younger brother to agamemnon , a good charioteer but a soft spear , or so the murmurs said . 
 alongside him rode telamon 's towering son ajax , a man so big he drove his own chariot because the horses could n't pull him and someone else besides , not for any distance . 
 a careful distance behind these two came a slim youth with brown hair , nondescript compared to red-haired menelaus and the looming form of ajax . 
 he was from a tiny island in the west . 
 his name was odysseus . 
 behind all these came the wagons , each one drawn by eight sweating horses and burdened with sacks of grain and amphorae of wine , great barrels of figs and olives and nuts . 
 servants leapt down and began to lay out tables , covered with embroidered cloths . 
 others went to the boar with skinning knives in their hands , only to be stopped by atreus . 
 `` let the priest do his work , '' he said . 
 `` we can wait a little longer for our meat . '' 
 the priest was a servant of apollo , an old man in a once-resplendent white robe now spattered with mud thrown up by the chariot wheels . 
 he had tried to wipe it off and only smeared the stains instead , making them worse . 
 as he moved forward a new arrival dismounted from his chariot and went to join the other kings , limping slightly on the uneven ground . 
 `` king of messenia , '' theseus said , inclining his head . 
 the smaller man nodded back , just as minimally . 
 `` lord of attica . 
 i see you are well . '' 
 theseus smiled a tiny smile . 
 `` i see you could n't keep up . '' 
 nestor did n't rise to the taunt . 
 he was almost a decade younger than theseus , and could have kept up well enough if it had n't been for a tummock of grass that snagged his foot and turned his ankle over . 
 theseus probably knew that anyway . 
 he was just taking his chance to score a point . 
 it was remarkable , really . 
 thirty years ago theseus had been the darling of all greece , famed for killing the terrible minotaur of knossos and throwing down the minoan civilisation there , almost alone . 
 he 'd entered the maze of tunnels beneath the palace and slain the priests and their awful monster , and then slipped away unseen . 
 in the ensuing chaos people fled the city , convinced their bull god had abandoned them , and theseus found king minos unguarded and killed him in his own throne room . 
 on his way home he 'd abandoned ariadne on naxos island , tossing her aside now her usefulness was done in a gesture of magnificent contempt . 
 then he met atalanta . 
 she was famous too , the arcadian princess who refused to conform . 
 neither her parents nor their priests could make her obey . 
 atalanta liked the outdoors , not scented baths and weaving . 
 she dressed in a chiton like a man , and ran or climbed with the boys , and she refused to be caged . 
 finally her parents gave up trying and just let her run free . 
 by the time she was twenty she was as good a hunter as any man in arcadia , fleeter of foot than most and better with a bow than anyone in greece , man or woman . 
 she 'd refused a dozen offers of marriage by that time , some from princes of other lands . 
 her father the king , knowing it was impossible to force her against her will , only shrugged and let her go her way . 
 people began to say she must have sworn an oath of virginity to artemis , and would never allow any man to touch her . 
 she and theseus met when both were hunting a lion in boeotia , not far from mount helicon where the muses dwell . 
 they were in their prime then , strong and proud , ready to abandon whatever they were doing to go chasing after a beast that rumour said was unusually fierce . 
 neither spoke of it often , but it was known that they 'd killed the lion and then spent a week together , sleeping under the stars and going where the mood took them . 
 they 'd been together ever since , though atalanta had never slept under a roof as far as nestor knew . 
 still , her hand on theseus ' shoulder now stopped him , and with a shake of his head the athenian turned from nestor and moved away . 
 beyond them all another man stepped down from his chariot , this one dressed not in a chiton but a shirt and kilt , and wearing boots instead of sandals . 
 his brown hair was cut short , barely an inch from scalp to manicured end , more like a slave than a free man . 
 nestor nodded to him too and went to stand with peleus , not far from odysseus and the other younglings . '' 
 kalapogma apollo , '' the priest said . 
 murmured conversations came to an end around the field . 
 his voice was slightly nasal , giving each word a whine as it entered the ear . 
 `` hear now your servant archilaus ! 
 i come to you with head bowed , in all honour , in the names of the kings and lords gathered under your light today . 
 heed my words , lord of the bow ! '' 
 `` theseus does n't like you , '' odysseus murmured , almost in nestor 's ear . 
 the crackle of a votive fire bowl being lit would have kept anyone else from hearing him speak . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` theseus does n't like anyone who can add two numbers and get the same result every time , '' nestor answered in an undertone . 
 `` he 's great fighting bull kings , but not much use with his brain , our theseus . 
 i think it 's mostly fat between his ears anyway . '' 
 there was a pause , and then odysseus whispered , `` you told him that , did n't you ? '' 
 it was hard not to laugh . 
 odysseus was easily the cleverest of the younger nobles in greece , though he was still young and naïve enough to think he could speak openly in a gathering of lords and not risk being overheard . 
 still , it was a shame he 'd been born to the king of tiny ithaca , and not as heir to mycenae or sparta , or to wealthy argolis . 
 he might have changed the world , if he 'd been born there . 
 as it was , hardly anyone would listen to odysseus even when he spoke wisdom . 
 `` i might have said men like him were the past in greece , '' nestor said , `` and men like me , who can think , are the future . 
 men like you too . 
 now be quiet , there 's a good lad . 
 i want to listen . '' 
 the woody smell of burnt frankincense wafted over the assembled men as the priest went on speaking . 
 `` send us your favour , lord of the sun ! 
 we await your word ! '' 
 he bent and slit the boar down the middle . 
 the curved knife was whip-sharp , but even so he had to saw it back and forth to penetrate the think skin of the animal at his feet . 
 innards spilled out onto the grass . 
 an attendant stepped swiftly up and wafted the bowl of burning frankincense under archilaus ' nose . 
 the priest 's eyes flickered and he fell to his knees . 
 he had gone pale with that inhaled smoke , and his hands trembled as though palsied . 
 he blinked and his irises were missing , leaving only the whites of his eyes , and when he spoke the nasal whine was gone and his voice throbbed from deep within his chest . 
 `` from this moment the world turns towards war , '' archilaus said . 
 or the god said through him , in truth . 
 `` there will be glory and sorrow unmeasured by mortals , and amidst it shall be the son of the man who first impaled the boar , a warrior ten times greater than his father . '' 
 afterwards , even years later , nestor swore that when the priest fell silent a breeze soughed across the valley , ruffling the hair of the silent men . 
 there was no other sound . 
 one by one heads turned towards peleus , standing at nestor 's side in the wide circle ; atreus and his sons , theseus with atalanta by his shoulder , even the stranger in his kilt and boots . 
 it was a great pride for a man to have a renowned son , but a great sorrow to be so insignificant that your get outshone you . 
 what archilaus had said was a curse . 
 nestor looked at peleus and saw , to his surprise , that the big northerner was smiling . 
 `` a toast ! '' 
 peleus cried . 
 he strode to the nearest table and scooped up a cup of wine , already watered by the servants . 
 `` to my son , who will grow into a warrior to outshine us all . 
 to achilles ! '' 
 the breeze sighed once more , and then time resumed its steady tread , the sun moving across the dome of the sky . 
 * `` castor will be all right , '' tyndareus said . 
 the king of sparta was old now , and had n't even tried to keep pace with the hunters through the long hot morning . 
 `` he 's a fighter , that boy of mine . 
 a little thing like a broken leg wo n't stop him for long . '' 
 `` of course it wo n't , '' nestor said . 
 he knew well enough how many men died from injuries like that , but then so did tyndareus , and it would be impolite to point it out . 
 castor was his only son , the one man who could succeed tyndareus when the fates cut his thread and hades took him , as he surely would before long . 
 nestor knew how he 'd feel if his own first-born , his only son , was taken from him . 
 or no ; he did n't know how he would feel , could n't know , because the gods saved such suffering for the men who endured it , and others could only guess and shiver and hope such darkness never blighted their lives . 
 thrasymedes was a son to make his father proud , nine years old now and growing straight and strong . 
 he 'd never be an ajax , but then who was , apart from storied heracles ? 
 nestor felt his heart would burst whenever he looked at the boy . 
 to lose him to such a thing as a broken leg ... he made a warding sign against evil and shook the thought away . 
 but castor 's leg had been more than merely broken . 
 it had been snapped , cracked in half like a mast torn in two by a storm wind . 
 nestor had seen it flapping as the chirurgeon heaved him onto a board for treatment . 
 if the boy lived he was always going to limp , every day of his life . 
 he 'd never fight , never win glory in battle as greek kings were expected to do . 
 enough of this , nestor told himself firmly . 
 put such worries aside . 
 castor will live or he will not . 
 the lad was missing now , probably deep in the opium sleep , but telamon was back among the lords and he was , characteristically , angry . 
 it never took much to rouse the lord of salamis ' temper , and being spitted by another man 's thrown knife was more than enough to do it , even without the boar all but goring him as he lay helpless . 
 the big man sat on a bench with his injured leg stretched out in front of him , swathed in bandages , and drank thirstily from a wine cup filled at regular intervals by a servant . 
 the level of the water jug nearby hardly seemed to move at all . 
 telamon was going to be drunk as dionysius soon enough , but nobody was about to tell him to stop . 
 nestor 's mind wandered back to the priest and his prophecy . 
 a warrior ten times greater than his father , archilaus had said , and perhaps it would be so . 
 nestor did n't recall that he 'd ever seen little achilles , so he could n't judge . 
 but the boy would be about seven or eight now , a year younger than thrasymedes yet old enough for his abilities to have begun to show . 
 it might be worth making an enquiry , if he could do it discreetly . 
 it was the other thing that worried him though , the first statement archilaus had made . 
 from this moment the world turns towards war . 
 there were always wars , of course , one king battling another over the disputed placement of a border or some minor insult given by a royal cousin the year before . 
 or when one king went looking for plunder , for that matter . 
 for whatever reason , there had been less of it since atreus became high king . 
 arguments tended to be resolved in council now , and fighting men earned their glory overseas , as theseus had done on crete thirty years ago , and jason in far-off colchis . 
 perhaps the war would come in egypt , where the pyramid-kings ' control was not as firm as it had once been . 
 raiders had won booty and captives from the coast of the nile in recent years . 
 in former times that had been a sign that egypt might slip into one of its periods of internal strife . 
 that would mean chaos in the trade markets , especially for wheat , but nestor could n't really see how the greeks would be dragged into any fighting . 
 certainly the war would n't come in colchis ; greeks could n't even get there now , between the dangers of the hellespont and hittite control of the land routes , through their client kings . 
 it could n't come in the west either , simply because there was no nation there strong enough to stand against the greeks . 
 there were only cities , hesperian or etruscan for the most part , none of them able to exert control more than a day 's walk from the walls . 
 that left only greece . 
 did the priest mean that the argives would turn on themselves ? 
 perhaps the lords of mycenae were going to lose their authority . 
 it would be worth watching events unfold . 
 nestor was still thinking that as his gaze drifted along the line of kings and princes , past atreus sitting flanked by the sons who now towered over him , to the stranger in his kilt and fine-spun shirt . 
 `` it 's nearly time to eat , '' peleus said then , stepping into the midst of the group . 
 the air was heavy with the smell of roasting pork , and nestor 's stomach rumbled at the other man 's words . 
 `` but first , we have with us today a guest , come all the way from windy troy . 
 he has asked to speak to you all , and i believe we should indulge him in this . '' 
 the stranger stood and bowed to peleus . 
 `` my thanks , lord of thessaly , and those of my king , at whose command i come . 
 i am antenor . '' 
 now there was a name nestor knew . 
 antenor was king priam 's closest advisor in far-off troy , his chief helpmeet , and not a man well liked in greece . 
 it was antenor who set the transit duties for goods that passed along the trojan road , avoiding the treacherous waters of the hellespont to the north . 
 set them too high , as any greek merchant would tell you . 
 he was said to be a shrewd and tough man , and he was here , with this hunt of kings in the hills of thessaly . 
 nestor could think of only one possible reason for that . 
 `` bind my tongue , '' theseus said before nestor could speak , `` this is about hesione , is n't it ? 
 again . '' 
 on his bench telamon had gone very still , wine cup held halfway to his lips . 
 `` the lord of attica is as perceptive as we were told , '' antenor said smoothly . 
 `` age can wither muscles , but the mind endures longer , they say . '' 
 and trojans can make any words sound like honey from the lips of gods , nestor thought . 
 it came of haggling with merchants from all across the greensea . 
 sometimes it seemed the meanest of trojans could dicker with kings from any other land , and most likely sell him a pig in a sack for more gold than the kingdom could afford . 
 `` this is indeed about the lady hesione , '' antenor said . 
 he moved into the centre of the circle , left empty by peleus . 
 `` the king 's sister has been held captive in greece now for nearly ten years . 
 priam is of the opinion that this is long enough . 
 he wishes her back . '' 
 `` he ca n't have her , '' telamon growled . 
 `` besides , she bore my son . 
 would you take her from her child ? '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 antenor answered . 
 `` you took her from her father . '' 
 telamon dropped his cup and started to struggle to his feet . 
 `` enough , '' atreus said from across the clearing . 
 nestor thought he looked like a man already walking with death . 
 it would n't be long now until glowering agamemnon was lord in mycenae , but atreus ' voice at least was still firm . 
 `` peleus our host has granted this man the right to speak . 
 whatever we think of that decision , we will respect it . 
 sit down , telamon . '' 
 `` i will not give hesione back ! 
 what would -- '' `` sit down , '' agamemnon said , and his voice was even harder than his father 's . 
 telamon broke off and then sank back to his bench , looking surprised that he 'd done so . 
 `` i am grateful , '' antenor said . 
 he bowed to atreus , more deeply than he had to peleus . 
 `` my lords , we trojans realise that women are treated differently here in greece . 
 you regard them as spoils of war . 
 a glance at your history reminds us of that . 
 perseus took andromeda from joppa against her will . 
 more recently jason took medea from colchis , against her will . 
 and more recently yet my lord theseus here stole ariadne from the palace of knossos , again against her will ... and then abandoned her on an island before he even reached home . '' 
 `` what would you suggest i should have done ? '' 
 theseus asked . 
 he sounded honestly bewildered . 
 `` bring her home to my father 's palace ? 
 a snake sleeping in my own bed ? '' 
 he hissed then , turning to atalanta who had just dug the tip of her knife into his thigh . 
 she withdrew the blade and studied the scarlet tip . 
 `` if that was your concern , you should n't have taken her from knossos in the first place , theseus . 
 i never did like what you did to her . '' 
 `` i would never do it to you , '' he said . 
 her answering smile was brilliant , even on a woman past her fiftieth year . 
 `` you never could . 
 i do not depend on you , king of athens . '' 
 it was well known that theseus had asked atalanta to marry him twenty years before . 
 she had refused , but taken him to her bed nonetheless . 
 so things had remained , with him periodically asking for her hand and she rejecting him , refusing to be tied to any man . 
 watching them from across the circle of men , nestor wondered how many married couple shared the love he could see in the pair . 
 he did n't think there would be many . 
 `` as i was saying , '' antenor resumed , `` we trojans view women in a different way . 
 we give them rights , powers alongside men . 
 it is our queen hecuba who will decide who her children marry , and it 's she who intercedes with the gods on the city 's behalf . 
 things are the same in her homeland of lydia . 
 cultured men do not treat women this way . '' 
 `` weak ones do , '' leonteus snapped . 
 there was laughter at that , though the king of pieria had n't meant it as a joke and seemed briefly discomfited by the reaction . 
 antenor let the amusement pass , though nestor thought his skin reddened slightly . 
 `` priam asks that dignity is served in this , '' the trojan went on . 
 `` he asks that hesione be given back , to resume her life in troy as the princess of the city she was born to be . '' 
 `` no , '' telamon said bluntly . 
 `` perhaps we might discuss other matters , '' nestor said , breaking his silence . 
 he thought he might know why it was antenor who had come to ask this time , and not the usual lower-ranked official . 
 `` such as the levies charged for use of the trojan road . '' 
 `` perhaps we might , '' the trojan allowed . 
 `` after we have seen evidence of some goodwill . '' 
 there was a silence . 
 every man in the valley knew what lower transit duties would mean for their country 's merchants , and therefore for the royal treasuries : more gold . 
 every king in greece always needed gold . 
 they turned a blind eye to piracy if it brought coin into the cities : some even went with the raiding parties with scarves tied across their faces , then denied being there if a diplomat came to protest . 
 `` some compromise might be possible , '' atreus began . 
 `` no , '' telamon said again , cutting across the high king . 
 his face was red with anger . 
 `` how many times must i say it ? 
 hesione was taken as a fair spoil of war . 
 she belongs to me and i will not hand her back like some mewling weakling . '' 
 antenor stared down his nose at the big man . 
 `` there was no war . 
 the princess was taken by pirates raiding the coast . '' 
 `` he 's calling me a reaver , '' telamon said , appealing to the crowd . 
 `` and do n't forget , i was n't alone that day . 
 i sailed with heracles himself . 
 would you call the son of zeus a pirate ? '' 
 partway around the circle , tyndareus muttered , `` bind my tongue , but i wish you 'd shut up about heracles . '' 
 he was n't quiet enough , and the words carried . 
 telamon started to get up again . 
 this time his son ajax took a step forward too . 
 schedius spoke before they could go further . 
 `` handing hesione back to troy will make the greeks look weak in the eyes of others , '' he said . 
 his eyes gleamed under thick black brows . 
 `` there are cities around the greensea that wait for us to falter . 
 this is not about one woman , whatever antenor might wish us to believe . '' 
 `` which cities ? '' 
 antenor asked . 
 `` i know of none which can stand with troy . 
 none which control trade routes as rich as ours . '' 
 he turned to atreus . 
 `` i ask for your judgement , high king . 
 is a single woman 's fate more important than the friendship of mighty troy ? '' 
 atreus studied him for a moment , then shook his grizzled head . 
 `` you are asking the wrong person , trojan . 
 i am high king , but that does n't grant me authority in all affairs . 
 this is telamon 's decision to make -- '' `` then no , '' telamon said . 
 `` -- and however coarse he might be in council , '' atreus went on , `` i can not change that . '' 
 antenor looked at the king of salamis . 
 `` no , '' telamon said . 
 `` i wo n't hand her back . 
 by the dog of egypt ! 
 not for all the wealth of troy , i wo n't . '' 
 `` then that closes the matter , '' atreus said . 
 `` though i would be pleased to discuss trade duties with you , antenor , if your time allows . '' 
 the trojan bowed once more . 
 `` my time is yours , high king , until my own lord calls me home . '' 
 his time might be , but antenor would make no agreements today , nestor was sure . 
 he 'd want to make sure atreus understood that greek intransigence over hesione could be met with trojan stubbornness over trade prices . 
 but antenor knew how to be subtle . 
 he 'd smile and say all the right things , like any glib-tongued trojan , and then go home without giving anything away . 
 the meeting began to break up , most of the men heading towards the big fire and the boar sizzling above it . 
 odysseus lingered though , leaning down to murmur again into nestor 's ear . 
 `` that 's a clever man , i think . '' 
 `` antenor ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes , he 's a devious one . 
 he must be , to have thrived in priam 's court . 
 they 're all snakes in the east , but trojans most of all . '' 
 there were n't many clever men in this field , in truth . 
 odysseus was one , antenor another with his measuring eyes . 
 atreus was canny , and there was nestor himself . 
 the elder son of the high king , agamemnon , might be shrewder than his broad farmer 's face might lead a man to believe ; nestor was n't sure of him yet . 
 but theseus was a fathead lost in past glories , and the memory of a greece which had changed and left him behind . 
 telamon was a braggart and a drunk ; and peleus a fool , for thinking he could let the trojan speak without causing antagonism . 
 most of the others were just warrior lords , men who let their muscles do the thinking and could n't read if you cut their index fingers off . 
 men from the past that theseus longed for , and who had n't yet realised it was gone . 
 it had to be gone . 
 greece could n't continue as a land of fighting men and pirates ; at least , not only as that . 
 they had to learn to build , the way priam and his predecessors had built troy into a city of fable , or as minos had once made crete into the cultural hub of the world . 
 here and there they had begun to . 
 tyndareus had a palace of gardens and courtyards , and atreus was turning mycenae into a mercantile city with large new agora for merchants to trade in . 
 nestor was trying to do the same in messenia , though it was harder there , at the edge of the greek homeland . 
 but they were the only ones . 
 the rest of the kings preferred to go on as they always had , bickering and snapping at each other , feral dogs with inflated egos and obsessed with their own pride . 
 theseus and atalanta passed him , making their way towards the fire . 
 as they walked nestor heard the old hero say , `` i 'll not ask you again . 
 from now on i will take what you offer , be glad of it , and ask no more . '' 
 nestor could n't help smiling . 
 there was hope for even the most stubborn of greeks if the ox-brained lord of attica could learn that a woman sometimes knew her own mind , and would not be swayed from it . 
 the trojans all knew it from early childhood . 
 perhaps the greeks would understand it one day too . 
 his stomach rumbled . 
 nestor turned and headed for the roasting boar , to feast and drink cups of watered wine , and swap lies with the other kings about hunts and women and war , in the hour the gods gave them before castor died . 
 caesura i was not there that day in thessaly , when the boar fell to peleus ' spear . 
 i heard the tale later , when i had grown to an age when my elders thought me worth talking to . 
 when some thought so , at least . 
 there are always men who can not bring themselves to regard a hollow-chested youth with a club foot as a proper man at all , who turn away rather than speak as though feebleness might be catching if they open their mouths . 
 i became a storyteller , and then people talked to me . 
 every king wants his name remembered . 
 they build palaces for their sons and burn the houses of enemies , all to make a mark on the world . 
 they etch their names in silver and have them carved into stone , and still it 's not enough . 
 still they want more . 
 when the sky shudders to the echo of their name , chanted by multitudes , then they might be content . 
 but i doubt it . 
 as a teller of tales , i was sometimes given a place in the megaron of a king . 
 a long way down the table , or across the hearth , far enough away that the lord and his cronies could pretend not to see me -- but close enough to hear . 
 that was how i learned what had happened on that hunt . 
 i heard it in atreus ' hall , and in nestor 's in the west , and peleus ' own poorer palace to the north . 
 later i heard it told in mycenae again , seated on the same bench as when atreus spoke , but this time it was his sullen son agamemnon who told , short days after his father had been laid into his tomb . 
 it was there , too , that i heard of the death of theseus , leaping from the cliffs of attica into the sea three days after atalanta passed in her sleep . 
 she was several years past fifty by then : a good age for any woman , but remarkable for one who slept in the open from choice . 
 atalanta was not a woman who took easily to imprisonment . 
 perhaps that was why theseus loved her so . 
 he longed for the one bird he could never catch . 
 happiness is elusive for such men . 
 i 've long thought i should write a play about their story . 
 a hero king , home from slaying the dreadful minotaur ; and the free-spirited maiden who takes his great heart and ties it on a thong about her neck . 
 perhaps i will , one day , if the fates spare me and the seasons are kind . 
 but this is a greater tale , the story of the age . 
 there has been none greater since zeus threw down his father and the time of the twelve olympians began . 
 it is the story of what flowed from that day in the thessalian meadow , the events which came down through time to fall upon mortal men . 
 is it bad luck or good , to be fated to live in such times ? 
 i have heard the tale told in a hundred halls by a thousand tongues , and i do not know . 
 perhaps zeus himself does , the lord of the black cloud on his throne atop olympus . 
 or perhaps not , for even the gods are subject to fate , not masters of it . 
 this is a tale of the fall of kings , the ruin of empires and of pride . 
 a tale too of love and honour . 
 and for much of its length it is my tale , the story of how a crippled boy went from the lakes of magnesia to the walls of troy , to the halls of kings from greece to phoenicia , and who knew the men who walked with gods on their shoulders . 
 achilles , hector with his voice of thunder , diomedes shining like silver in mud . 
 agamemnon , king of kings , and great ajax hefting his oblong shield , and paris staring down from the wall at the chaos his recklessness had brought . 
 i remember helen , first demure in sparta and later standing forth in troy , proud as aphrodite with the golden apple in her hand . 
 and i remember odysseus , an ordinary man standing usually in a corner or half in shadow , speaking little but always watching , watching , and smiling his wry smile . 
 i knew them . 
 i spoke with them , and they with me , and i heard the thrum of the gods in their words and saw divinity glimmer in their eyes . 
 i am thersites . 
 i will tell you of troy . 
 chapter two in blue and gold the city stands on the flat top of a ridge , a hundred feet above the surrounding plain . 
 to the north lies the hellespont , the treacherous water that leads to all the riches of the euxine sea , and wrecks the ships which try to reach them . 
 it is only a mile wide , but currents swirl under the choppy surface , and rocks lurk well out from each shore . 
 beyond lies thrace , and a different continent . 
 thrace is a land of top-knotted warriors in savage clans , endlessly fighting over arcane matters of honour only they understand . 
 westward is the greensea , thick with the sails of trading ships . 
 many of them come to the bay of troy . 
 some were built in egypt , some in cyprus or phoenicia ; most , however , are greek . 
 they may carry goods from far-off lands , but their timbers grew in groves in salamis or northern magnesia , and their captains learned the sea in the gulfs around the greek coast . 
 south , and the river scamander flows through a gorge that leads back to mount ida and the woods and meadows of the hills . 
 grass grows all year round there and the sheep grow fat , their wool the finest in anatolia . 
 towns have sprung up along the valley , filled with trojans and others ; the greatest of them is zeleia , on a crag high above the water . 
 east are hills thickly carpeted with shrubs and thorns , and offspring trees that curve their branches to the ground and plant seeds where they touch . 
 deer multiply there , hunted by wolves slinking through the screens of branches . 
 there are a thousand paths and none is ever the same from one year to the next . 
 men who travel there return speaking of shadows half-seen , figures moving behind a veil of leaves , or voices that murmur in empty glades . 
 the spirits of trees and streams are fewer now , harder to find , but they have not left the land entirely . 
 and in the middle a wide , grassy plain , fed by three rivers : scamander , chiblak and simois . 
 between the mouths of the latter two lies the city 's ridge , the mound of hissarlik , an outcrop of rock surrounded by marshy grassland . 
 atop it the city sits , a place of towers and turrets , walls and concealed gates . 
 from the outside , to a sailor as his ship noses into the great bay , the tops of those towers seem to hold up the sky . 
 the greeks say the walls of mighty mycenae were built by cyclops , an army of artisan giants in the long-ago . 
 if true then the walls of troy must have been built by gods -- perhaps by pallas athena , the patron deity of the city ; or by ipirru , god of the sun and of horses . 
 horses . 
 they are the wealth of troy , the pride of troy , the source of the city 's influence and fame . 
 trade along the trojan road brings coin by the bucket , and textiles bring more , but horses outshine them both . 
 the plain teems with them , hundreds of untamed tarpans roaming in herds , sustained by the lush grass that grows in earth kept fertile and black by the shifting , reed-lined scamander . 
 the trojans let them breed wild and then rope and corral them , harnessing their wildness until they make the finest chariot horses in the world . 
 the kings of hattusa and egypt send for trojan animals when their own herds are depleted , and the price paid for them is higher even than the topless towers . 
 today the northern wind is blowing , the meltemi that turns the hellespont into chop and pins merchant ships to the beaches of the bay of troy , unable to move north to open water . 
 the horses have taken shelter south-west of the scamander , behind the double lines of willows and tamarisk that line the low banks . 
 they know the wind might blow like this for days , perhaps weeks , and are resigned . 
 they are used to it . 
 they are used to people passing by too , and they only flick their ears when a line of chariots runs by on the other side of the river , wheels rattling on the packed-earth road . 
 * really , a man 's heart could burst with pride . 
 he never liked it when his son went away . 
 his eldest son , the one he suspected every father loved best , because he was the first proof of a man 's virility . 
 you never admitted it though , never let your other children feel less loved . 
 as a king the pressure was greater yet , because what you could and could n't show was constrained by the twin chains of duty and honour . 
 you made do with few words , an occasional gesture , and hoped they were enough . 
 because of that it was a comfort to see that the councillors felt his son 's absence too , and the city 's wider population . 
 they might not love him , not the way a father did , but there was always a sense that troy was holding its breath , and praying , until the heir came back home . 
 he was home . 
 citizens had poured into the streets to chant his name , and now it rose like a cry to the gods from ten thousand throats , echoing off stone : `` hector ! 
 hector ! 
 hector ! '' 
 the sound carried clearly here , in the megaron of the king 's palace in the pergamos , the great citadel of troy . 
 the palace had been designed to allow views of the lower city from its balconies , but to keep out unwanted noise . 
 still , when every citizen of troy was in the streets and shouting , solid stone could n't have kept it out entirely . 
 nor would priam have wanted it to . 
 it proved how much the city loved the man who would next be king . 
 the main doors to the throne room were closed . 
 they were inch-thick cedar from phoenicia , enamelled with a diamond pattern in the royal colours of blue and gold . 
 they would not stand up long against attack , but what enemy could reach here , into the living heart of troy ? 
 even mighty heracles had balked at that prospect , when he and the villain telamon had come twenty years before . 
 but the doors were decorative , not defensive . 
 a soldier stood at each side , both wearing breastplates in the yellow lacquer of the palladians ; it was their turn to stand guard today . 
 the palladians were going to strut about this for days . 
 they had stood the watch when hector came home . 
 people still trickled into the chamber though , through a small door set discreetly behind a statue of tarhun close to one corner . 
 the god was shown with one hand raised high , clutching a thunderbolt as though about to cast . 
 as a child priam had been afraid the statue would come to life and throw that bolt at him ; it was that realistic . 
 he used to touch it to make sure it was still stone , then snatch his hand back . 
 the fancy had passed quickly enough , of course , but he still touched the statue whenever he entered the megaron , these days to invoke the blessing of the god on all he tried to do here . 
 `` i 've tried to be a good shepherd to my people , '' he said to the person standing beside him . 
 `` have i succeeded ? '' 
 she rolled her eyes in theatrical amusement . 
 `` you have . 
 as i 've told you before . 
 and if you ask me that one more time , my dear , i will have to swipe you with a flyswatter . '' 
 priam snorted . 
 he 'd loved her a little from the first time he saw her , this bold-faced wife of his , and she 'd never betrayed a trust or shaken his faith in her . 
 he still did n't know if she 'd loved him from the start , though . 
 she would n't tell him . 
 when he asked -- which he rarely did , now -- hecuba just smiled an enigmatic smile and changed the subject . 
 she loved him now , as much as he did her . 
 he had come to understand , with age , that the details did n't matter . 
 someone rapped against the doors from the far side . 
 the two palladian guards looked to priam and waited for his nod , then unbarred the doors and swung them open . 
 hector stood framed in the centre of the corridor , a large man still wearing a cuirass lacquered in the royal colours , the blue and gold smeared with dust from the road . 
 his sandy hair was damp from being confined under the helmet held by the straps in one hand . 
 beside and behind him was another man , smaller , half hidden by the prince . 
 priam could n't see who he was . 
 `` father , '' hector said . 
 his voice was deep and sure . 
 he stepped into the megaron and went down on both knees , hands on the floor as he touched the tiles with his forehead . 
 he was heir to the city ; one day troy would kneel to him , and its treasuries and sanctuaries open their doors at his approach . 
 but that day had not yet come , and until it did there were formalities to observe . 
 `` rise , '' priam said , and let himself smile . 
 there was a limit to formality , after all . 
 `` and welcome home , son . '' 
 hector sat up and then stood , all in one smooth motion . 
 he 'd always been an agile child , and training had made the man even more athletic . 
 and he did n't seem to have suffered any injuries while he was away . 
 priam 's eyes searched and found nothing . 
 he began to relax a little . 
 `` it 's good to be home , '' hector said . 
 `` we were so far east by midsummer that i half thought i would n't be back before snow closed the mountains , and left me trapped in hattusa . 
 i came back so quickly that i doubt word of the battle will have beaten me here . '' 
 he paused , no doubt waiting to be asked what had happened when the hittite army finally brought the assyrians to battle . 
 hector did love his tales of war . 
 on another occasion priam would have been happy to let the court listen while hector reminded them of his prowess in combat . 
 he 'd have enjoyed hearing the story himself , in truth , but not this time . 
 `` who , '' he asked , sitting a little straighter in the throne on the shallow dais , `` is that ? '' 
 hector did n't bother to turn around . 
 `` that is mursili , father . 
 a hittite , from the royal workshops . '' 
 priam could see he was a hittite . 
 it was that which had caused his surprise , but to hear the man was an artisan as well ... `` the hittites have taken to sending their craftsmen to troy ? '' 
 `` the king permitted me to bring this one , '' hector said . 
 `` as thanks for my part in the battle at emar . 
 he 's an ironsmith , father . '' 
 an ironsmith . 
 the brown little man only stood with his head down , not offering the obeisance but respectful in his bearing despite that . 
 priam stared at him and thought rapidly . 
 this explained a good deal , and raised other questions at the same time . 
 hector must have fought like a dozen demons in the service of the hittite king to be allowed to bring a worker of that marvellous new metal to a western city . 
 without knowing any details , priam knew his son must have gained real glory in the east . 
 but even so , the hittites guarded their ironsmiths jealously ; for years , it was only in hattusa that iron could be worked at all . 
 nobody else knew how , and the hittites had lamed their experts so they could n't flee . 
 the secret had leaked out , back when priam 's father laomedon had been a young boy . 
 but it was still devilishly hard to mine iron and then smelt it , and troy had never been able to do so for itself . 
 iron came through the city from time to time , carried on galleys or loaded onto wagons , but that was all , and it was how hattusa wanted it . 
 the great king would tolerate an ironsmith in babylon , and another in ashkelon if the rumours were true , but nothing else . 
 troy itself was nominally a tribute city , under hittite protection and sworn to send help in various wars , and the empire definitely did not want its half-subject , half-allies to grow strong enough to become rivals . 
 as thanks for my part in the battle , hector had said . 
 that meant he had asked for an ironsmith and his request had been granted . 
 urhi-tešub must be weaker than any king in hattusa had been for a century . 
 priam studied his son and received a faint nod , a signal that there was more to the story than had been said . 
 well , that was wise . 
 the rest could be spoken later , with fewer ears to listen . 
 he looked significantly at his wife . 
 `` hector , '' she said . 
 hecuba rose and went down the single step to the floor , the hem of her gown trailing on the tiles as she walked . 
 `` it would n't stain your manhood to kiss your mother , would it ? '' 
 he grinned and bent to brush lips against her cheek . 
 `` i 'd hug you , but i think i ought to bathe first . '' 
 `` you should , '' a very tall man said , from the left of the dais . 
 `` you reek like an unwashed stable hand . '' 
 `` laocoon ! '' 
 hector exclaimed . 
 he strode across to clasp the taller man 's forearm . 
 `` how are the gods treating you ? '' 
 laocoon smoothed the front of his white robe . 
 `` athena smiles on me , as always . 
 i knew you would be home today . '' 
 `` a prophecy ? '' 
 `` auspices only , '' laocoon said with a slight smile , `` but i 've learned to interpret them well . '' 
 `` you should , at your age . '' 
 `` pup , '' the priest said , laughing with the rest of the room . 
 `` put on a white robe , and i 'll take you into the sanctuary and see if you take to the paths of wisdom as readily as you take to those of war . '' 
 `` the temples already have one of my children , '' priam said . 
 `` please do n't try to seduce my heir . '' 
 the laughter became uneasy , then dwindled . 
 everyone knew that cassandra had been given in service to the priesthood because she was n't good for anything else . 
 she became hysterical when she was touched , even by her siblings , or her mother . 
 priam 's was the only hand that did n't frighten her . 
 that made it impossible to arrange a marriage for her , or use her as an ambassador to foreign kings . 
 a bride of ipirru was all she could be , and even if she was n't a very good priestess , what else was there for her ? 
 thinking of marriage made priam glance at his wife again , and he nodded towards hector in silent suggestion . 
 tell him . 
 `` i have found you a wife , '' the queen said . 
 her son raised his eyebrows . 
 `` without consulting me ? '' 
 hecuba made a dismissive gesture . 
 `` we 've talked about it enough , in the past . 
 frankly you should have been married four years ago at least . 
 you 're twenty-six , hector . 
 do you know how many princes are still unwed at that age ? '' 
 `` quite a lot are , in hattusa , '' hector said . 
 he was n't smiling , and the room was still silent . 
 `` i told you who i wanted to marry . '' 
 `` andromache , '' she said promptly , `` from thebe-under-plakos . 
 and i told you why it was difficult . 
 eetion is a good king , and a loyal friend to troy . 
 but thebe is not a major city . 
 there are greater powers to consider in the world than a small town south of mount ida . '' 
 hector nodded . 
 `` i realise that . '' 
 `` then you understand . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' he said . 
 `` who did you choose for my bride , mother ? '' 
 `` andromache of thebe-under-plakos , '' she answered , and smiled . 
 `` whatever the realities of the world , i do try to fight for my children , you know . '' 
 hector laughed aloud , and the room laughed with the relief from tension . 
 the prince strode to his mother and lifted her off the floor , her dress swirling as he spun and kissed her on both cheeks . 
 when he set her down her braided hair was awry , and priam noted with amusement that a flush had coloured her skin . 
 it was n't often that hecuba was put out of countenance , but she was now . 
 `` are none of my brothers here for this news ? '' 
 hector asked . 
 `` or my sisters ? 
 none of them came to greet me ? '' 
 `` cassandra rarely leaves her temple , and troilus is with his horses , '' priam said . 
 `` you know how he is ; he forgets everything else as soon as he reaches the stables . 
 paris was supposed to be here though . '' 
 everyone in the room knew what that meant : paris was off with another of his young women , one more body to tease and arouse , and then discard . 
 that was one prince who would find it very hard when he was married , and could n't please himself where women were concerned . 
 `` so no one came ? '' 
 hector asked , and deep slow voice or no , he sounded crestfallen . 
 `` i did , '' someone said languidly , from the back of the crowd . 
 the throng of nobles parted to reveal a man leaning against the tiled wall , arms folded across his chest . 
 hector let out a shout of delight . 
 `` aeneas ! 
 why did n't you speak before , you dog ? '' 
 `` i thought i 'd better wait , '' the other man said . 
 he was almost of a height with hector , though slimmer in build . 
 `` you trojans can be dreadfully sensitive when outsiders speak uninvited . '' 
 `` you 're not an outsider . 
 you married my sister . '' 
 `` speaking of whom ... '' aeneas said . 
 hector followed his friend 's eyes , then laughed again as a woman stepped from behind a pillar . 
 `` creusa ! 
 you look wonderful , sister . 
 i swear , you grow lovelier every season . '' 
 `` flatterer , '' she said , and then screamed in pretend terror as hector seized her too and spun her around , just as he had his mother . 
 `` put me down ! 
 you know i get dizzy when you do that ! '' 
 creusa was hardly lovely . 
 priam only had two daughters , and when one was a delicate reed who flinched at sudden sounds and hated to be touched , it meant the other was doubly important . 
 creusa had always been destined to wed a prince from one of troy 's ally cities . 
 the trouble was that she was simply plain , with a broad farmer 's face and long nose , and hair that straggled no matter what lotions were used to wash it . 
 she was kind and loyal , but what prince valued those assets above beauty ? 
 aeneas had . 
 two years ago he 'd come to hecuba to ask for creusa as his wife , a request like lightning from a clear sky . 
 everyone had been taken completely by surprise , nobody more than creusa herself , who for days had refused to believe it . 
 handsome aeneas , one of only two men who could match spears with hector and not be stomped flat in moments ? 
 asking for her hand ? 
 it was too unlikely to be believed . 
 priam had struggled to believe it himself , in honesty , and hecuba had accepted aeneas ' offer with almost unseemly haste . 
 aeneas had called her the best of all trojan women , and when she stood at the altar to speak her vows , creusa had been as beautiful as any too . 
 priam held that memory dear , a touchstone in difficult times . 
 `` i hope your judgement is accurate , '' he murmured to his wife . 
 `` that thebe is the right city to bind to us now . '' 
 hecuba sniffed . 
 `` your siblings all died before they could marry , husband , in battle or in sickbeds . 
 i brought you a link to lydia , when we wed , but every city in troas and many beyond have been too long without that connection . 
 whatever i chose for hector , someone would be disappointed . '' 
 `` let us hope , '' he said , `` that it does n't go further than disappointment . '' 
 `` tend your own affairs , '' she said . 
 her tone was still warm , so he knew she was n't really warning him , but the words were still blunt . 
 `` you administer the city and look to our defences , and let me worry about marriages and the temples . 
 i have n't done so badly , before . '' 
 `` no , '' he agreed , smiling a little . 
 `` no , you have n't . '' 
 she had done wonderfully , in fact . 
 aeneas had helped , with his startling wish to marry creusa , but that was only part of it . 
 hecuba had seen cassandra taken in by the sanctuaries , when no temple had really wanted to accept such a timid creature . 
 she 'd used lycaon 's love of travel to turn him into an ambassador for troy overseas ; he was in cyprus now , dickering over lower prices for copper from the great mines there . 
 the lad was also married to eshan , a minor princess from the hittite court , and minor or not that was a considerable diplomatic coup . 
 very few hittite noble women married outside their own people . 
 priam could n't remember the last time one had wed a lord from the coastal cities . 
 now hector was to marry andromache , strengthening troy 's links with thebe-under-plakos again . 
 it had been too long , as hecuba said . 
 that it fulfilled hector 's own wish at the same time was an added benefit . 
 his marriage would leave only troilus , who would make a good husband if he could stop thinking about horses for three minutes at a time , and paris . 
 troilus ought to be easily dealt with . 
 find him a wife who did n't mind that he came home late and smelling of horse , and they would both be happy . 
 paris , priam and hecuba 's youngest , much-loved child , was probably going to be a problem . 
 the silence in the room a moment ago was proof of that : everyone knew what he was like . 
 show him a pretty girl and all sense left him . 
 show him another and he forgot the first to go bounding after the new conquest . 
 some men were fools for money , others for power or glory , but it was saddest of all to see a man be a fool for lust . 
 hecuba was wrong about one thing , though : not all priam 's siblings had died . 
 one still lived , though in captivity far away . 
 and it was lust that had led telamon to steal hesione , twenty years ago now . 
 priam still hated to think of that . 
 his sister had lived half her life in a foreign land , held prisoner by a pirate and raider who used her as he chose . 
 she 'd borne him a son , soon after her capture , though no children since . 
 priam thought that meant she 'd found a way to defy him , at least in that one thing . 
 to keep a small part of herself from him . 
 she had used to bring him flowers , when she was very small and he was learning the spear . 
 he still remembered her toddling in the mud of the training yard , an anemone held in her tiny hand . 
 antenor was in greece again , trying to secure the return of hesione . 
 he hoped to gain the trust of other argive lords , who would in turn persuade telamon to hand her back . 
 priam did n't hold out much hope . 
 too many efforts had been rebuffed , and the greeks had never changed their position by one inch . 
 it was telamon 's choice to make , they said , and if he refused that was an end to the matter . 
 there would not be an end while hesione lived . 
 priam would keep trying , and hector after him would try . 
 and if the argives still refused , then troy had other weapons it could use . 
 `` people are noticing , '' hecuba murmured to him . 
 he came to himself again , a smile forming on his lips without the need for him to think . 
 he did n't need to ask what his wife meant . 
 the courtiers and lords gathered in the throne room had become aware that priam 's thoughts were elsewhere , and the talk had quieted as they waited to learn why . 
 even aeneas was looking , just from the side of his eye , but then he often did that . 
 a clever lad , the dardanian . 
 he 'd be a good support for hector when he was king . 
 priam stood and went down the step to the megaron floor to rejoin his son , and the conversation picked up around them once more . 
 chapter three lachesis measures she ran from him , darting sure-footed through shadows of maple and hazel -- but not too fast . 
 he always kept her in sight , hunting her laughter through the trees until she let him catch her in a glade above a small stream , shining in the midday sun . 
 his hands were strong on her hips , but she twisted her lithe form and dashed her lips across his , still laughing . 
 `` by my eyes , '' he said , `` you 'll be the death of me . '' 
 `` not me , '' she said . 
 her laughter stilled as the gift of her people came to her , soft yet insistent . 
 `` that woman is yet to come . '' 
 he 'd been about to pull her to him , but at the words he paused and drew back . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i ... do n't know . '' 
 she put a hand to her head , as though to wipe away the faintness she felt . 
 a moment later she was smiling again . 
 `` did you run me down just to talk ? '' 
 he grinned , and this time did pull her to him and kissed her , his other hand already untying the belt of her dress . 
 he laid her down in the grass among snowdrops and purple gladioli , sunshine falling on her face as she closed her eyes . 
 * afterwards they lay side by side , one of her legs resting between his , their clothes dotted around them . 
 `` look , '' she said presently . 
 `` a cloud shaped like a wolf . '' 
 `` a wolf ? '' 
 `` there , can you see its snout ? 
 it 's about to pounce on that sheep there . '' 
 paris squinted at the sky . 
 `` a sheep that has no legs , it seems . 
 hardly difficult to catch . '' 
 `` as i was n't ? '' 
 `` i 'm no wolf , '' he said . 
 `` all men are wolves . '' 
 she shook her head and pointed again . 
 `` that one looks like a boat . 
 one of the greek galleys , sailing the endless sea . '' 
 `` the sky is endless . '' 
 `` so is the earth , '' she responded . 
 `` that one 's shaped like a lyre . '' 
 `` or the horns of a bull , '' paris said . 
 she turned to look at him . 
 `` you see ? 
 men are wolves . 
 always thinking about war . '' 
 `` i 'm not thinking about war . 
 bulls do n't always mean battle . 
 you 're thinking of boars . '' 
 `` so contrary today , '' she said , smiling a little . 
 `` perhaps i should have hidden among the trees and let you blunder about alone , calling my name until light drained out of the day . '' 
 for answer he tangled a hand in her hair and kissed her , and as always she lost herself in him . 
 they were still kissing when he touched her somewhere else and she shivered all over , moaning against his teeth . 
 `` perhaps you should , '' he said , teasing her . 
 oenone shook her head , her quicksilver mood shifting to serious in an instant . 
 `` there 's something about you , city bred though you are . 
 my sisters disapprove , they say i should find a mate among our own kind , a mountain man . 
 but i only feel truly alive with you . '' 
 he studied her with hazel eyes . 
 witch hazel eyes , she thought a little wildly . 
 i am a woman of the streams , tied to running water for longer than a thousand lives of men . 
 i hardly remember what i was before . 
 i 'm the one who is meant to captivate and enthral . 
 but this prince of troy has turned all that back on me . 
 he 's taken my heart , not i his . 
 not i his . 
 `` you 're more alive than any woman i 've ever known , '' he said finally . 
 `` living on this mountain has given you something special . 
 joy , energy : i do n't know . 
 but you glow with it . '' 
 `` does that mean you love me ? '' 
 `` i love you . '' 
 he ran fingertips down her bare leg , making her shiver again . 
 grass prickled at her back . 
 `` what did you mean , earlier ? 
 about a woman yet to come ? '' 
 `` i do n't remember . '' 
 `` oenone , '' he said . 
 she sighed . 
 love was the greatest joy she 'd ever known , like summer sunlight playing on a still pool . 
 but when paris made demands his love became annoying , like thorns under the skin . 
 `` i saw it , that 's all . 
 when you said i would be the death of you . '' 
 `` saw what ? '' 
 `` that a woman will be , '' she said . 
 after a moment he grinned . 
 `` i 'll die because of a woman ? 
 there are worse ends , i suppose . '' 
 she reached up to brush brown curls away from his forehead . 
 `` do n't joke . 
 i ca n't bear it . '' 
 `` so what will she do ? '' 
 paris asked , still joking . 
 `` torment me to death in a pillowed bed ? 
 knife me in my sleep ? '' 
 `` i do n't know ! '' 
 oenone cried . 
 `` i never know ! 
 you might never meet her , or hear her name . 
 but what she does will affect you , one day . '' 
 `` well , then , '' he said . 
 his smile had gone at last . 
 `` i 'll be sure to keep a wary eye out for her , i promise . '' 
 that would n't matter . 
 nothing mortals did could affect the threads of the fates . 
 clothos spins , lachesis measures , atropos cuts the thread . 
 they did their work with cold efficiency , never hearing the cries and pleas of those desperate for more life . 
 a man yearning for a single minute so he could tell his wife she was loved . 
 a woman praying that her baby live through the next hitching breath . 
 none of it mattered , or changed what the three fates did . 
 she could n't explain that to paris . 
 or rather , she could explain but he would never understand . 
 city folk did n't , men most of all . 
 they were too set in their rigid ways , the patterns of thought that solidified as they grew until they might as well have been cut in stone . 
 they built a city and called it permanent , forgetting the lesson learned by the men and women who lived amidst the wild ; nothing is permanent . 
 everything changes . 
 even the mightiest fall . 
 she wanted suddenly to be back among her people in the deep forest , where axes had never thudded into wood . 
 there was peace there , the calmness of thousands of uninterrupted years . 
 sometimes at night she would float in her stream and listen to the singing of the dryads , gentle spirits dancing in their glades in the darkness . 
 they would startle if she came close , so she just lay and listened , and watched the stars wheel above her . 
 she 'd never found that sort of peace with paris . 
 he was too hot a man for that , too caught up in his own emotions and whims . 
 oenone knew she would n't hold his heart for long . 
 she did n't need the gift of prophecy to foretell that . 
 but he was mortal , and would age and die while the dryads still sang , and oenone still dwelt in her pools and streams . 
 long , for him , was a mere instant for her . 
 he was here now though , and she reached up to cup his face in her hands and kiss him again , then stroke the inside of his thigh with her toes . 
 he reacted as he always did , all that fire and passion rising up in him , and shortly after oenone was swept away and she did n't think about endings anymore . 
 * the king 's palace stood at one side of the pergamos , the great citadel at the northern end of troy . 
 on three sides the roof of the lower stories formed balconies outside windows on the upper floors . 
 on summer evenings it was possible to sit and drink wine while looking over the bay of troy , or westward over the plain teeming with horses . 
 usually priam sat to the south , above the city itself , letting the palace shelter him from the wind . 
 this evening not even that was possible . 
 the meltemi had been blowing hard for nearly a week , and his bones were too old to enjoy sitting in that chill wind . 
 servants had closed the light summer shutters and set lamps around the room . 
 a brazier sat in front of the fireplace , occasionally grumbling to itself as the wood within crackled as it burned . 
 hecuba had gone to her own quarters , with her own servants . 
 probably she was planning hector 's wedding . 
 it would be soon , priam knew : a chariot had already been sent to inform eetion that the prince of troy was home , and his bride was now expected . 
 marriages , and so alliances , were the domain of the queen : those , and the sanctuaries . 
 priam had always been content to leave them to his wife , while he busied himself with trade , and when necessary with war . 
 `` tell me , '' he said . 
 `` what should we be wary of , now we know andromache is to be your wife ? '' 
 ucalegon steepled his fingers and said nothing . 
 he was a good advisor , the kind who knew when to speak and when to shout , and most of all when to stay silent . 
 a rare gift , that . 
 by the wine tray hector poured himself a quarter cup , watered it heavily , and then came back to his chair before he spoke . 
 `` not the dardanians , '' he sat at length . 
 `` marrying creusa to aeneas was a clever move . 
 as well as making them both happy . '' 
 `` obvious , '' priam said . 
 hector nodded . 
 `` not the lydians either , since mother came from there . 
 the only difficulty i can see would be the trojans from outside the city . '' 
 `` i agree , '' priam said . 
 `` your solution ? '' 
 hector shrugged . 
 `` leave it to mother . 
 this is her affair . '' 
 `` and if andromache proves less adept at dealing with those affairs than your mother is ? '' 
 priam asked . 
 `` you must know it for yourself , son , so you can teach her . 
 or teach another wife , if andromache should die . 
 you may have to do this when both the queen and i have gone to the next world . 
 so bend your mind to the task . 
 what is your solution ? '' 
 hector nodded again . 
 he 'd had time to bathe now , and had changed his armour for a plain shirt and equally simple kilt and boots . 
 the fading yellow of bruises showed below the cuffs and hem , marks of a hard campaign in the east , but if he was weary it did n't show . 
 the young were resilient . 
 the young and very strong could deal with almost anything , and hector was very strong . 
 sometimes he almost seemed made of stone . 
 `` in this case , the solution is for me to go see pandarus , '' hector said . 
 `` i can go tomorrow , spend a day with him and still be back in troy before andromache can set out from thebe-under-plakos . 
 he 's no fool , and he trusts me -- as i do him . 
 but this is going to be a problem soon , father . 
 a lot of trojans live outside the city now . 
 keeping them content is harder every year . '' 
 `` you expect trouble ? '' 
 `` perhaps not in the way you mean , '' hector said slowly . 
 he sipped from his cup . 
 `` i ca n't see an uprising , if that 's what you ask . 
 but zeleia has two thousand citizens now , and pandarus is something close to a king in his own right there , just as much as eetion is in thebe . 
 leris and mela are thriving . 
 even on the edges of the plain of troy towns grow every year ; i remember when bunarbi was a tiny fishing port . 
 now five hundred souls live there . '' 
 `` what would you do about it ? '' 
 `` i have no idea , '' hector said frankly . 
 `` it 's a new situation , one we have n't faced before . 
 troy has always been one city and a few settlements scattered around it . 
 now there are trojans from the hellespont to mount ida , and as far east as the granicus . 
 they 're loyal to the city , but in fifty years they might not be . 
 do you have a suggestion ? '' 
 ucalegon leaned forward slightly . 
 `` i suggested that royal cousins be placed in the towns as children . 
 when they grow they would be governors , in the name of the king of troy . '' 
 `` that could work , '' hector said , after a moment . 
 `` as long as they 're clever enough to govern well , and while the supply of royal cousins holds out . '' 
 priam smiled . 
 `` make sure you and andromache have many children . 
 it seems you 'll need them . '' 
 hector returned the smile , but did n't answer . 
 he never talked about the women he 'd known , or in this case that he would know . 
 unlike paris , who could n't seem to touch a woman without boasting about it the next day . 
 it was hard to stay angry with paris for long , though ; even the women rarely managed it . 
 he would give a self-deprecating smile , and the old laughter would glimmer in his eyes , and suddenly it was impossible not to forgive him . 
 `` there is word from the west , '' ucalegon said . 
 hector looked up . 
 `` my aunt ? '' 
 `` no good news on that score . 
 telamon still refuses to let her leave . '' 
 priam 's brows had drawn down . 
 `` i sent antenor back to greece a month ago , to speak with the kings one by one , in their own halls . 
 it might be possible to cultivate some support that way . 
 though i hold out little hope . '' 
 `` she has been there twenty years , '' hector said . 
 his deep voice had become rough with anger . 
 `` half her life . 
 we treat our horses better than that brute telamon treats her . '' 
 `` i agree , '' priam said . 
 `` which is why , if he fails to gain support , antenor is to inform the high king that duties on argive goods using the trojan road are to be raised by half . 
 more than that for olive oil and wine . '' 
 `` good , '' hector said . 
 `` if they wo n't behave like civilised men , we should n't treat them as such . '' 
 `` and if the taxes bring no response ? '' 
 ucalegon asked over his steepled fingers . 
 `` if the greeks are enraged , rather than chastened ? '' 
 `` then we 've lost nothing , '' hector shrugged . 
 priam was looking at the councillor closely . 
 `` what is it you fear , my friend ? 
 will they attack us ? '' 
 `` they might , '' ucalegon allowed . 
 `` an argive fleet could burn bunarbi , or leris in the south . 
 that would hurt us as much as raised taxes hurts them . 
 nobody wins in such a dispute . '' 
 he folded his hands and sighed . 
 `` oh , never mind me . 
 i 'm just trying to think of all the possibilities . '' 
 `` they would be fools to attack troy , '' hector said . 
 `` one sight of our walls and half the soldiers would flee back to their ships and row for home as hard as they could . 
 we are not an easy fruit to pluck . '' 
 `` we would also have hittite support , '' priam said . 
 `` your new stature with urhi-tešub will stand us in good stead , if the argives are stupid enough to challenge us over this . '' 
 `` paris , '' ucalegon said , choosing his words with obvious care , `` believes we should consider a raid on salamis , if the taxes fail . 
 so does antenor . '' 
 hector was n't likely to pay much attention to anything paris said , of course . 
 the eldest brother had little except contempt for the youngest . 
 the smiles and mischievous eyes that charmed so many women worked no spell on hector . 
 but he 'd listen to antenor 's ideas , which was undoubtedly why ucalegon had added that name too . 
 it was a shame that antenor was the same age as priam , and would n't be there to offer advice to hector when he became king : not for long , anyway . 
 most of that burden would fall on ucalegon , who was a decade younger . 
 priam hoped he could find a way to bring aeneas to the city more often . 
 the young king of dardanos was cleverer by far than ucalegon , or pandarus in zeleia ; as wily in fact as antenor himself . 
 if priam had realised that a little earlier he would have made it a condition of aeneas ' marriage to creusa that they spend each summer in troy . 
 but he had n't , and now aeneas did n't want to leave his little city on the hellespont , so another way would have to be found . 
 he and hector had been friends since childhood . 
 there must be something that would persuade aeneas to come . 
 priam made a mental note to speak with hecuba about it . 
 perhaps the priests she dealt with would have an idea . 
 `` a raid in greece would be a last resort , '' hector said now . 
 `` it could be done , from a simple military standpoint . 
 especially now we have phereclus here from colchis , to build us ships to match those of the euxine sea . 
 i could lead it myself easily enough . '' 
 `` no , '' priam said . 
 `` bad enough that you must fight for hattusa when our liege lords call . 
 i will not send you to raid the greek coast as well . '' 
 `` aeneas , then , '' hector said . 
 `` or pandarus , for that matter . 
 but only if all else fails . 
 taxes might not inflame the argives to war , but an attack on their homeland will . '' 
 `` telamon is old , '' ucalegon pointed out . 
 he 'd formed his fingers into a pyramid again . 
 `` old and fat . 
 he cares for nothing but wine and spilling his seed in whores . 
 a raid on salamis will enrage him , but it need not spur him to action . 
 we do n't have to worry about him . '' 
 `` we do n't have to worry about this matter at all , for the moment , '' priam said . 
 `` it 's a suggestion only , one i 'd like my son to think on before antenor returns from greece . '' 
 he wondered , actually , whether it might be wisest to accept the loss of hesione and move on . 
 the gods knew , argives had taken women from foreign lands before . 
 to them it was nothing out of the ordinary . 
 andromeda from joppa , ariadne from crete , medea from colchis : even their father-god zeus had taken one , turning himself into a great bull to seize europa from lydia and carry her away to be ravished . 
 there was hardly a city in the world that had not lost a queen or priestess to the raiding greeks . 
 but it was different when it was your own sister . 
 priam heard those other names as only that , words without faces to go with them , no stories and characters at all . 
 no tug at his heart . 
 he 'd known hesione though , had grown up with her in this very palace . 
 when she was very small he used to bring her flowers from the meadows , and she 'd accept them with grave solemnity , as though he was a suitor declaring his love . 
 she was gentle , a compassionate soul , and his own spirit bled to think of her caged by a tyrant far from her home . 
 but hector barely remembered her , and to his children she would be just a name like all the others , words without faces to go with them . 
 hardly something for troy and the greeks to argue over . 
 he would talk to laocoon , he decided . 
 the seer gave good advice , although usually priam had to sacrifice a ram or spend the night making offerings at athena 's temple before he heard it . 
 still , the guidance of the gods could be a good thing , as long as it did n't go too far . 
 troy was priam 's to rule . 
 he would not give that up even to a goddess . 
 he sipped his wine , almost as heavily watered as hector 's , and wished his bones did n't feel so cold . 
 outside the meltemi went on blowing , its voice like children crying in the dark . 
 chapter four a bit less green `` where do you want to go ? '' 
 isander asked . 
 he was almost dancing and did n't care . 
 `` gorka ? '' 
 `` anywhere , '' the farmer 's son replied . 
 he blinked a little as they emerged from the shade of the barracks and stepped into open sunlight . 
 `` as long as there 's drink later , i do n't mind . '' 
 `` we 'll make a soldier of you yet , '' the third man said , clapping him on the shoulder . 
 he looked almost indecently relaxed , though a gleam of excitement shone in his eyes . 
 `` look for the wine and women first , and then the food . 
 i think you 'll do all right , farmboy . '' 
 isander was a little in awe of nikos , if truth were told . 
 gorka had grown up on a farm in the north , and isander himself in an eastern village so small even its neighbours had forgotten it . 
 but nikos was a city boy , raised right here in olympia where the king lived , almost in the shadow of the sanctuary where the great temples stood . 
 he did n't gawk as his two friends did when they walked past a minor backstreet market , or choke over food lightly dusted with spices he had n't tasted before . 
 there was always something for isander to wonder at here , but nikos had seen it all before . 
 still , isander could n't help laughing at the other youth 's worldliness . 
 `` leave the wine and women until later . 
 we can do anything ! '' 
 `` i know , '' nikos said . 
 he was pretending to sound wearied but his smile gave him away . 
 `` i was there when the captain told us , remember . '' 
 if isander was a little awed by nikos , he found socus almost overwhelming . 
 the commander of the king 's soldiers was a bluff , seasoned man , capable to his bones and impatient with foolishness . 
 he 'd fought in battles across half of greece , mostly against bandits or on the borders against barbarians , but once or twice against rival countries . 
 the high king forbade that , but everyone knew it still went on , if only on a small scale . 
 socus had fought in border clashes against both messenia and arcadia , and once had crossed the gulf of corinth on a cattle raid in accursed locris to the north . 
 they were the sort of actions a king could deny , blaming outlaws and pirates instead , even if he 'd taken part in the attack himself with a cloth wrapped around his face . 
 barracks rumours claimed thalpius had done exactly that , though no one had seen him close enough to be sure . 
 socus they had seen , usually in the thick of the fight , and he 'd come out with nothing more than minor scars and a reputation for competence . 
 `` i wish i 'd been there , '' isander had said , soon after he came to the city . 
 `` when you fought the locrians , i mean . 
 i hate them . '' 
 `` how many have you met ? '' 
 socus asked . 
 `` i never met one , but -- '' the blow caught him on the side of the head , knocking him to the ground before he even saw it coming . 
 isander had landed jarringly on his hip and stared up at the captain in shock . 
 `` you hate people you 've never seen ? '' 
 socus had said dryly . 
 `` do n't waste my time with your stupidity , boy . 
 twelve laps of the yard . 
 and remember , the locrians are just like us , except , '' he turned away , `` perhaps with a little more sense . 
 now get your feet moving . '' 
 isander had never spoken before he thought since . 
 not in front of the captain , anyway . 
 in front of his friends did n't count . 
 especially on a free day ; the king was getting married today , and the recruits could do as they chose . 
 `` so where shall we go ? '' 
 he asked again . 
 * in the end they went to the temenos , the sanctuary , to walk around the shrines and see the great temple of zeus , as large as most of isander 's village back home . 
 he had to crane his head back until it creaked before he could see the tops of the pillars . 
 temples were n't really his idea of fun , but he supposed he ought to behave with a bit more maturity , now he was almost fully trained . 
 it was n't like he was a boy anymore . 
 still , it was his first free day since he 'd come to the city , and the recruits had all been given two silvers to spend as they chose . 
 it was n't every day that a king got married , after all . 
 so the three of them went to the theatre for half an hour , but the play was boring , some rubbish about a man talking to his dead father , not realising that it was only a ghost . 
 that might be fine for sophisticated city folk , but it was deathly dull to a village youth , or to a farmer 's boy . 
 nikos said he was enjoying it and wanted to stay , but it did n't take much persuading before he followed the other two outside . 
 at the market gorka bought an amber pendant for his girl back home , ignoring nikos ' comment that she 'd have forgotten him long before he could hand it to her . 
 even isander thought the necklace looked cheap , but he held his tongue ; nikos ' teasing was enough without him chipping in as well . 
 after that they listened to a small band in the gymnasion , which had been given over to performers for the festival ; there was only a drummer , a flautist and a man playing the pipes , the auloi , which isander knew were fiendishly hard to learn . 
 and all of them bought little terracotta figures an inch high , to be inscribed with prayers or curses and thrown on the soil of a fresh grave when the time came . 
 soldiers were a superstitious bunch . 
 they always wanted a curse figure handy for when they needed it . 
 they went to the heroon then , the shrine to the hero pelops . 
 long ago olympia had been oppressed by harpies , flying women who ate only raw human meat . 
 they swooped down and carried off whoever they chose , children usually , and consumed them on mountain eyries where men could n't go . 
 pelops , king at the time , begged zeus for help , and the lord of the black cloud told him where he could find a pair of pegasi , winged horses . 
 they were dangerous beasts , unwilling to be yoked , but pelops mastered them and harnessed them to his chariot , after which he took to the skies and shot the harpies down one by one , so saving the city . 
 pelops was the icon of the warrior ideal , in elis . 
 every young soldier dreamed of matching his exploits , his kleos ; the glory and fame won in battle . 
 why else be a fighting man at all , if not to aspire to that ? 
 but it was hard to stay long in the shrine , feeling as though pelops might be watching from the other side of death . 
 the three youths poured a libation of wine over the altar , bowed , and went back into the sunshine . 
 as evening drew on they ate rabbit with garlic off long skewers , and honey pancakes with sesame seeds . 
 it was natural , after that , for them to find a tavern and order some wine . 
 they ended up in a trader 's den outside the walls , not far from the river kladeos and the long line of masts strung out along the near bank . 
 it was full of labourers and sailors , nearly all of them so drunk they could hardly stand , and in some cases had already collapsed on the rush floor . 
 a pair of burly men were busy hauling them outside , where they threw them down by the back wall and abandoned them to the caprice of the fates . 
 nikos had been here before , it transpired . 
 he wriggled through the crush of bodies until he reached the bar , shared a murmured conversation with a flat-nosed man there , and handed over something that glinted in the smoky lamplight . 
 shortly afterwards the three young men were allowed through a heavy door into the rear room of the inn , which while busy was n't as hideously packed as the front room , or as raucous . 
 they found a rickety table in one corner and sat down . 
 `` wine for three , i think , '' nikos said . 
 he stretched out his legs under the table . 
 `` and one of you is paying . '' 
 gorka did , bringing three cups and a pottery jug back from the bar . 
 they were all wearing plain chitons , but citizens tended to walk small around soldiers , even half-trained ones . 
 isander had noticed that before . 
 perhaps they gave off an aura that others could sense , if not precisely see . 
 at any rate , nobody barged gorka or tried to filch the wine as he wound his way back , and moment later the three friends clinked cups together . 
 `` to king thalpius , '' nikos said . 
 `` may he have long life , many children , and find honour in death . '' 
 `` and be happy at night with his wife , '' isander added , which made gorka grin and nikos laugh so hard he had to take a gulp of wine before he spilled it . 
 a couple of men looked around , and seeing nothing of interest went back to their drinks . 
 isander could hear a lyre playing somewhere in the room , but between the square pillars and the crowd he could n't see where . 
 `` who are those ? '' 
 he asked , pointing with his chin . 
 nikos turned his head to look . 
 `` those are the reed girls , my country friend . 
 do n't you have them in mud country ? '' 
 `` we have them , '' he said , feeling his face redden , `` but i do n't remember them looking like that . '' 
 that was a pair of women , one of them red-haired , in chitons they had surely not bought from any normal tailor . 
 isander had never seen a hem cut so high , or a neckline slashed so low . 
 it left a lot of flesh on show . 
 he flushed further just thinking about that . 
 a third girl came into view as he watched , leading a man by the hand towards a small door set in the far wall , hazy with smoke from the nearby fire . 
 `` the tavern keepers sometimes let them use rooms over the bar , and look for custom inside , '' nikos said . 
 `` especially close to the docks . 
 it brings the customers in . 
 the girls get to work in the warm , and they each have a room -- a cubby , really -- where they can sleep . '' 
 isander nodded , and took a sip from his cup to conceal the fact that he was looking at the red-headed woman again . 
 it was n't a common shade among greeks . 
 certainly not in flyspeck villages far from the capital , too small to have a name or for it to be remembered , even if they had . 
 we have reed girls , he 'd told nikos , but that was n't really true . 
 they 'd had one woman of pleasure , who took her favours from settlement to settlement but never went into any of them for fear she 'd be attacked . 
 the men went to her outside , in a barn perhaps , or whatever other building was available . 
 isander had never worked out how they knew she was there . 
 nobody ever seemed to speak of her , they just knew , and slipped away unnoticed when they had the chance . 
 he found his gaze drawn back to the redhead again . 
 `` put your eyes back in , '' nikos grinned , `` before someone treads on them . '' 
 isander buried his face in his wine cup to hide his blushes . 
 he knew the other youth was only teasing , but it was still embarrassing , even with gorka the only other person to hear . 
 gorka was like a stone , he might hear things but he never spoke of them . 
 he smiled a little at nikos ' jest though , and isander sought for a change of subject . 
 `` so you think we 'll be sent out to fight before winter ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` the recruits , i mean . 
 not just us . '' 
 nikos shrugged . 
 `` some of us might be . 
 those who are furthest along , and are n't likely to put other men in danger through their own inexperience . 
 which means about one in five of us , i expect . '' 
 `` are we that bad ? '' 
 gorka leaned forward slightly , always a sign that he was about to speak . 
 if the others went on talking he would just lean back again , and keep his silence , but they knew him and waited for his words . 
 `` i practiced with one of the guards two days ago . 
 i managed to last about five heartbeats against him . 
 once . 
 the rest of the time i did even worse . '' 
 that quieted them . 
 gorka was the biggest of them and probably the furthest along as well ; it was sobering to think they might be so far behind the more seasoned men . 
 they were learning fast , though . 
 isander could n't believe how much stronger he was now , after only two months of training . 
 life at home had n't been easy , with firewood to cut and chores to do , but in the few weeks in olympia his body had strained and grown hard . 
 that brought another topic to mind . 
 `` are either of you going to enter the games next year ? '' 
 gorka was a good wrestler -- more than good -- but he only smiled and shook his head . 
 as for nikos , his grin nearly split his face . 
 `` not me . 
 i 'm a good archer , but there will be better at the games , and a lot of them . 
 why ? 
 are you thinking of putting your name in ? '' 
 `` maybe , '' he admitted , embarrassed again . 
 the games came every two years , and he thought he was too young and green to stand any chance at all , even in the lightweight wrestling . 
 but the experience would stand him in good stead in two years ' time , or four , when he might actually have a chance at a wreath . 
 it was something to aim for , anyway . 
 in training he was decent with both spear and sword now , and with the shoving motion that drove his shield into an enemy 's face and knocked him backwards , but he was outstanding in hand to hand combat . 
 he could throw men much heavier than he was with ease . 
 `` patience , '' nikos said . 
 he poured them each another cup of wine . 
 `` just wait , my friend . 
 the games are always there , every two years . 
 you 've no need to rush . 
 wait until you 're a bit less green before you set yourself against the finest wrestlers in greece . '' 
 there was sense in that advice . 
 nikos usually did speak sense , in fairness : he was much the wisest of the three . 
 the least green , isander thought wryly to himself . 
 but sometimes he did n't want to wait until he was older . 
 he wanted to be out doing things now , when he was hardly more than a stripling . 
 had n't theseus gone to find his father when he was younger than isander was now , and slain sciron the outlaw , and then wrestled cercyon to his death ? 
 isander especially liked that latter tale . 
 and had not perseus defended his mother from unwanted suitors when he was barely an adult at all ? 
 isander did n't speak those things aloud , even to his friends . 
 socus would laugh himself into spasms if he heard them : gorka and nikos , though they were close , would n't be able to stifle their guffaws either . 
 better to keep some things quiet . 
 but still , sometimes now was better than later . 
 his eyes slid towards the red-haired woman again . 
 he could n't see her at first , and assumed she must have taken a man upstairs while isander was hiding his face in the wine cup . 
 five men were dicing behind where she 'd been standing , every toss of the cup greeted with shouts of delight or groans , according to how the pips fell . 
 isander knew enough not to be tempted by that , at least . 
 on his second night in barracks he 'd seen one of the recruits lose every coin he owned to older soldiers , and while isander could n't prove it he was sure the men had cheated , somehow . 
 luck just was n't as consistent as they made it seem . 
 inexperienced youths new to the city were easy prey . 
 he 'd understood that , and kept himself wary . 
 the red-haired woman came into view from behind one of the stacked pillars , chiton riding on the curves of her hips . 
 he drank down the wine in his cup at a gulp , making nikos raise his eyebrows in surprise . 
 `` are you expecting a drought ? '' 
 isander did n't answer . 
 he pushed back his stool , and standing he went over to the woman with red hair . 
 he felt as though every eye in the tavern was on him , and laughter bubbled behind every lip , but he did n't stop . 
 without the wine he might have slunk away , his nerve failing him at the last moment . 
 with it had the nerve to approach the woman , and not flee even when she sensed his approach and turned to him . 
 `` i 'm isander , '' he said . 
 his voice sounded strangled , the words hardly recognisable . 
 `` could you -- i mean , would you mind ... '' he tailed off , wilting under the amusement in her green eyes . 
 but she smiled , and taking his hand she folded it in hers . 
 `` are n't you just the prettiest young man i 've seen today ? 
 and a soldier , by the look of you . '' 
 she leaned in , so he could smell the musky perfume she wore , and whispered in a voice that curled his toes , `` and i do like soldiers . '' 
 `` enough to come upstairs ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she ran a single finger down the line of his spine , making him shiver helplessly . 
 `` you have the coin ? 
 four coppers and i 'm yours . '' 
 `` i have it , '' he said , and showed her . 
 she did n't take them straight away , an isander had expected . 
 instead she leaned in and kissed him , quite thoroughly , while his two friends hooted encouragement from their table -lrb- which he really could have done without -rrb- and several other men whistled good-naturedly . 
 when she drew back isander felt giddy . 
 he swallowed and still felt strange . 
 `` i 'm meliza , '' she told him . 
 `` come upstairs , then . 
 i 'll show you all the faces of the gods . '' 
 he thought later that she must have known then it was his first time . 
 but she did n't say anything , blessedly , in that room full of tough drinking men . 
 she took his hands and led him to the little door , walking sure-footedly backwards between the tables , and kissed him again at the bottom of the stairs beyond them . 
 when they parted meliza led him up the rickety steps and into a windowless room , furnished only with a narrow pallet with a sheet thrown over it . 
 isander closed the door , his heart beating wildly as meliza bent to light a lamp , her chiton riding up as she did so . 
 isander gulped and hoped she would n't notice . 
 she turned then , and gave a slow smile that nearly stopped the hammering of his heart completely . 
 chapter five the weaving streets the road ran thirty feet above the rushing scamander , here where the gorge was narrow and steep . 
 in spring snowmelt on mount ida swelled the stream into a torrent of foam , washing down branches and stones that rattled together amidst the flow . 
 periso listened to that muted roar sometimes as he drifted into sleep . 
 now the river was quieter , but channels of froth still linked the pools that gathered above boulders left from the last flood . 
 there had been naiads here , before the town was built . 
 perhaps hundreds of them : when tros and ilos founded troy , the gorge must have rung with the songs of nymphs at play . 
 they were gone now ... probably . 
 periso thought he 'd seen one once , though as he turned his head all he 'd really caught was a glimpse of long hair and startled eyes , and then a splash as she vanished into the water . 
 he turned to look up the side of the cleft , to where zeleia squatted like a wolf looking down on a pasture . 
 from this low down all he could see was the wooden walls , and a guard tower poking over the top . 
 at the foot of the wall cliffs dropped away on three sides . 
 zeleia was noisy with the rush of water in spring , but it was out of the north wind , and it would be very hard to capture . 
 if anyone was fool enough to try . 
 `` they 're late , '' hyrca said . 
 periso shrugged . 
 `` so the road was bad . 
 they 'll be here . '' 
 `` we 'll be in trouble if she goes missing . '' 
 `` not if she vanishes before she was handed to us , '' periso replied . 
 `` stop fretting . 
 you 're making me nervous . '' 
 he was n't though , not really . 
 the days when bandits infested the slopes of ida were gone now . 
 troy had sent soldiers to clear them out years ago , back when zeleia was first growing into a sizable town and its new wealth needed to be made safe . 
 later fighting men had been stationed there permanently , and in the way of things had married and had children , swelling the town further . 
 periso ' father had been such a man . 
 now , any report of outlaws was met with a punitive raid within a day or two . 
 the last had been more than five years ago , as far as periso could remember . 
 pandarus had led the soldiers who killed half of them and captured the rest , to be brought back to zeleia and spat upon and reviled . 
 then he 'd had them thrown from the cliff into the gorge . 
 one of them had somehow survived the plunge , and cried for mercy until someone went down and knifed him in the morning . 
 of course , the activity that disposed of bandits had also driven away the naiads . 
 there was a price to be paid for progress , periso supposed . 
 sometimes it was n't you who paid . 
 but he would have liked to hear the naiads sing , just once , as light grew back into the day . 
 periso checked the straps of his cuirass , then his boots . 
 for the tenth time , at least . 
 hyrca watched him ironically . 
 `` stop it , '' the other man said . 
 `` you 're making me nervous . '' 
 `` very droll , '' periso answered . 
 `` if a driver is nervous his horses will sense it , '' hyrca said , parroting one of the first things a charioteer learned . 
 `` they 'll sense it if i punch you on the nose , too . '' 
 `` oh , very friendly , '' hyrca responded . 
 `` and you 're marrying my sister next week , too . 
 shall i tell her what a brute you are ? '' 
 `` althea already knows , '' periso said . 
 `` she relies on it so i can keep you from bursting in on us for supper every night . '' 
 hyrca grinned , not in the least put out . 
 `` do n't worry about that . 
 i know the taste of her cooking too well to risk it . '' 
 periso could n't help laughing . 
 althea was a decent cook in fact , perhaps not great but good enough for the wife of a soldier , a man used to eating half-cooked grain and mostly raw meat . 
 and she was pretty enough , and made him feel content when she was there . 
 what else could a man ask for ? 
 unless he was a prince , who could expect a beauty from far away to be laid at his feet like a prize . 
 it would be easy to resent that , if the prince was anyone except hector . 
 periso had only met him once but hector had known him , remembering his name from the tale of a raid against thracian rebels in the north . 
 when hector gripped his forearm and praised his courage , periso had decided he 'd run through hades itself with hector there to lead him . 
 `` there , '' hyrca said . 
 turning , periso was just in time to see a chariot and wagon on the road further up the valley . 
 he had only a glimpse before they vanished behind a spur , following the road around , but it must be the party he and hyrca were waiting for . 
 he went to his own chariot and team , taking the time to stroke his three horses and talk to them in a soft voice , easing their hearts . 
 horses were strong and tough , but their hearts could be fragile . 
 all three nosed at his hand in the hope of treats , but he 'd save that for later . 
 better to feed a horse after the ride than before . 
 the wagon and its escort came into view again , half a mile up the valley . 
 the sound of the river hid any creak of wheels , so the vehicles seemed to approach in silence until they were almost on top of the waiting men . 
 there were two people sitting in the open-topped wagon , he saw now , both of them women . 
 the one on the right was clad in a plain green dress , with her hair gathered under a soft cap . 
 the other must be andromache . 
 a beauty from far away , periso thought as the wagon drew to a halt beside him . 
 thebe-under-plakos was n't the far side of the world , but he 'd only been further from home once in his life , when he went on that raid in thrace . 
 as for beauty , andromache certainly had that . 
 she was tall even sitting down , with smooth skin and green eyes , and bright beads sewn into her jet-black hair . 
 the other woman must be her servant , periso decided . 
 he went up to the side of the wagon and bowed , not the full obeisance he 'd give the king or queen , or even hector , but a gesture of respect nonetheless . 
 `` my lady andromache , '' he said . 
 `` i am periso . 
 it 's my honour to lead you to troy . '' 
 `` the honour is mine , '' she said . 
 he blinked , surprised by the graciousness of her reply . 
 her voice was low and soft . 
 `` i 'm sure the journey will be pleasant . 
 will we reach the city today ? '' 
 `` with the gods ' blessing , i believe we will , '' he said . 
 the other charioteer had drawn over to the side of the packed-earth road , putting one wheel on the jumble of twigs and small stones that lined the verge . 
 he stepped down as hyrca went to speak with him . 
 periso tried to eavesdrop but the water rushing below drowned their words . 
 `` the road is clear ? '' 
 andromache asked . 
 periso nodded . 
 `` chariots have been running it for three days , my lady , all the way to troy . 
 any obstructions have been moved , and any holes filled in . 
 we 'll be in troy by sundown , never fear . '' 
 `` i would like , '' she said , `` to enter the city standing in a chariot , not seated in a wagon . 
 as a future queen should . '' 
 `` i was n't told about that , '' periso said . 
 his mouth was suddenly dry . 
 he could imagine how hecuba , who was the queen , would feel about this idea . 
 `` have you ridden a chariot before , my lady ? '' 
 `` once or twice , '' she said , with a smile . 
 `` i leave it in your hands , warrior . 
 if my promised husband trusts you to bring me to him , then i shall trust you too . 
 do as you think best . '' 
 `` thank you , '' he said . 
 as he climbed into his chariot he realised what she had done , with those few simple words : he was going to let her ride into the city as she wanted to . 
 she trusted him . 
 how could a man not give his queen-to-be what she desired , after that ? 
 troy , he thought , was going to have a good king and queen , when priam 's time came to an end . 
 he prayed to all the gods that hector would n't be angry with him for letting his bride ride in a chariot . 
 he did n't want the prince of troy to be angry with him , now or ever . 
 the road led down the gorge , keeping always high above the water . 
 periso drove ahead of the wagon and hyrca behind , both men keeping their spears tucked into the side of the car where they could quickly be reached . 
 but there was no need , no hint of trouble as they drove . 
 periso kept his eyes open anyway . 
 he was not about to lose the lady andromache before she even reached her new home . 
 he could see where the spring floods had reached , a line in the gorge below which vegetation and much of the soil had been swept away to expose bare stone . 
 the steep slopes were dotted with poised pools , water clear as the moment it fell from the sky . 
 streams ran from them to join the scamander below , some falling the last few feet in sprays as fine as mist . 
 periso knew how cold that water was ; he 'd bathed in it often enough . 
 water from the mountain springs fizzed on your tongue , all the bubbles of air bursting in your mouth . 
 by the time the river reached the plain it was slow and lazy , full of silt , all the energy sucked out of it by its long descent through the hills . 
 he liked the plain , not least because it was full of horses , but he liked the mountain better . 
 pandarus said that though troy was their father , no child wanted to live forever under his father 's roof . 
 after two miles the valley began to widen out , quite abruptly . 
 the walls drew aside and the river between them changed , its plunges and pools replaced by a more sedate flow . 
 it was still strong though : the current here could pull cattle off their feet , even at low water in the summer . 
 instead of cliffs there were now sloping pastures , dotted with sheep . 
 periso had spent long hours in those fields as a youth , watching the flocks with a sling at his belt and a spear in one hand . 
 every boy did , especially if he wanted to be a warrior . 
 if you lacked the courage to confront a hungry wolf at twilight you did n't have the guts to be a fighting man , and you might as well go back to the town and find work as a carpenter , or a miller . 
 something where the worst danger was a shrewish wife . 
 then the valley drew tight again , closing on the river like a noose around a neck . 
 the road climbed a ridge and ran out between two opposing faces of rock , the river gushing again far below . 
 and spread out before them was the plain of troy , with the sea shining away to north and west , and the city itself perched on its ridge five miles across the prairie . 
 periso reined in , clicked his tongue to tell the horses to wait , and stepped down from the car . 
 he walked back to the wagon and bowed to andromache again . 
 `` i thought you might wish to see troy , my lady . '' 
 she stood , and without waiting for his help she climbed down from the back of the wagon , careful to hold her dress so the hem would n't drag in the mud . 
 she went to the side of the road and stood there , gazing out over the land before her . 
 periso had n't expected her to do that . 
 he thought it was all right though , so when hyrca jumped down from his own chariot periso waved him back . 
 the wind blew at them , sharp with hints of northern mountain snow , but the sun over troy gleamed off turrets and walls . 
 `` i 'd heard the stories , '' andromache said at length , `` but they do n't do justice to the sight . 
 that men can build such towers astounds me . '' 
 `` up close they 're even better , '' periso said . 
 `` and that 's where i must take you , my lady . 
 if you will ? '' 
 she turned a smile on him . 
 `` does this mean you will carry me in your chariot , master periso ? '' 
 `` not quite yet , '' he said . 
 `` let 's get down to the plain first , past the bumpier part of the road . 
 hector would hang me from the wall by my ankles if i brought him a bride bruised by the rattle of a chariot . '' 
 `` but then ? '' 
 `` then i think it will be all right , '' he said . 
 he could n't help but share her smile . 
 `` if you 'll keep your husband from skinning me , at least . '' 
 she laughed , genuinely amused he thought . 
 `` i will , i promise . 
 thank you . 
 this matters to me . '' 
 `` then it matters to me too , '' he said . 
 she smiled at him again and went back to the wagon , still holding her skirts out of the mud . 
 her maid helped her climb up : periso had n't heard her name , he realised , but he did n't mind that . 
 he swung back into his chariot and clicked his tongue , and the horses began to move again . 
 * there was some sort of uproar building up outside . 
 mursili hesitated , but there was no reason for him to keep on wasting time in the building he 'd been given to use as a smithy . 
 he went to the door , noting glumly how high the lintel was above his head , and headed out into the tangle of curving streets . 
 trojan homes were oval , one family living in each half of the building . 
 they entered through doorways on the upper floors , reached by ladders or stone steps cut into the walls . 
 often walkways ran from roof to roof , providing easy access without need to descend . 
 up there mursili thought it must be easy to find your way around the city : troy was not nearly so big or complex as hattusa . 
 it should be difficult to get lost here . 
 but at street level it was easy . 
 the streets were narrow and wove to left and right as they swerved around the oval houses , so there was almost never a line of sight beyond the next wall . 
 the city stood on flat ground as well , which meant there was no gradient to act as a guide . 
 mursili had managed to lose his way twice this morning as he tried to find the building given to him near the city wall , and had finally done so only by reaching that wall and following it halfway around the city . 
 he thought he 'd hit on a way to navigate , though . 
 the houses were painted in a variety of scenes , some natural and others not , executed often by deft artisans but sometimes by ham-handed amateurs . 
 almost every building sported some kind of decoration . 
 if he could memorise those , he might be able to find his way back after he saw what the disturbance was . 
 he walked slowly , letting the citizens flood past him as they hurried towards the main road through the middle of the city . 
 that was straight , at least , and wide enough for laden wagons to pass besides . 
 he could n't see it though , and did n't try , instead concentrating on the murals . 
 antelopes by a stream on the left , then chariots racing on my right . 
 the chariots each had three horses . 
 that seemed an indulgence almost beyond imagining to mursili . 
 even the ceremonial chariot of the great king in hattusa only had two . 
 quality horseflesh was so rare that the king imposed his personal control on the movement of stallions , and set prices as well , a level of control only matched in the silk and gold markets . 
 horses were bought for the royal family from scythia , sometimes even from beyond assyria when relations with that sprawling empire were in one of their easier phases . 
 but the best horses of all came from troy , from the lush plain spread out below and around the city walls . 
 the king would pay almost any price for new-tamed tarpans which had cropped that grass ; he 'd pay twice over to stop such animals going to egypt , or assyria , whose armies might use them against him . 
 troy had grown rich through its horses . 
 if there was one place in the world where three horses to a chariot was ordinary , taken for granted , it would be right here . 
 two boys boxing on my right , then women performing what looks like a ritualised dance just beyond it ... and mursili came to the back of a crowd , packed thickly across the curved street . 
 he could go no further , and he could n't see what had the citizenry in such a froth of excitement , even if he stood on his tiptoes . 
 he sighed and started to turn around , and a hand fell on his arm . 
 `` wait , my friend , '' the man at his elbow said . 
 in nešili , the language of mursili 's own people . 
 the stranger called up to someone on a rooftop , switching to the trojan tongue mursili could n't understand at all . 
 he 'd spent most of this morning trying to explain to a thick-witted soldier why the forge building was n't fit for purpose , reduced to gestures and scribbled pictures because neither of them spoke a word of the other 's language . 
 `` up that ladder , '' the newcomer said , again in nešili , `` and quick , or you 'll miss her . '' 
 caught off balance , mursili did n't even think to ask who the man meant . 
 he scrambled up the ladder and found himself on the flat roof of a house , along with perhaps a dozen other people all crowded along the edge , staring down at the wide street and chattering excitedly . 
 mursili could tell that , even if the words made no sense . 
 several of the trojans looked him up and down , then turned to more interesting things . 
 this really was a cosmopolitan city , where outlanders were common enough not to be remarkable . 
 mursili turned to the man who 'd accosted him . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 `` i am phereclus , '' the man said . 
 `` an outlander , like yourself . 
 oh look , here they come . '' 
 mursili turned to see a pair of chariots advancing up the avenue , one behind the other . 
 each was driven by a soldier in a light cuirass , and each carried a woman as passenger . 
 the one in the rear car looked like a servant to him . 
 the one in the front was different . 
 she was wearing a dress with a tight bodice , quite high-cut , and a floor-length wrap skirt . 
 white beads had been sewn into her raven hair . 
 but it was the way she held herself that caught mursili 's attention , not the fineness of her attire . 
 she looks like a queen , he thought , but this could not be hecuba ; the high lady of troy was decades older than this woman . 
 the crowd was going crazy , screaming and throwing seeds of wheat into the air . 
 mursili could n't make out what they were chanting . 
 `` who is she ? '' 
 he shouted to phereclus . 
 `` andromache , '' the other man answered . 
 `` she 's to be the bride of hector . '' 
 that name he knew , of course . 
 the great king called on warriors from all his subject cities , when he had need . 
 which he did often these days , with the assyrians probing persistently up from the heartland of their plain , and the egyptians having rediscovered some of their ancient martial pride . 
 subject warriors were formed into ancillary companies , sometimes used to support the hittite spears , otherwise sent ahead to soften an enemy before the main strike . 
 if he was exceptionally good , a subject might be allowed to fight with the golden spears , the hittite elites . 
 hector was allowed to fight with the chariots . 
 the best of the best , finest drivers and spearmen in the world . 
 mursili had never heard of any other outsider given that honour . 
 at emar , the mighty battle last summer against the invading assyrians , hector had actually commanded one of the two chariot division . 
 an outlander , captain of chariots ! 
 it was astonishing . 
 but then hector sometimes seemed more than just a man , more than mortal . 
 soldiers said that at emar he killed twenty enemy spearmen just in the first charge , and splintered their left just when the battle had been turning the assyrians ' way . 
 when mursili had been told he was going west , with hector , he 'd expected to find the man full of boasts and bluster , a fighting man who took pride only in warfare and his own skill . 
 hector had surprised him . 
 the trojan was a thoughtful , considerate man , easy to trust , and a good companion on the long journey west . 
 mursili liked him , and that was a thing he 'd never expected to think of a royal , of any city . 
 so the beautiful woman in the chariot would be queen of troy one day . 
 she knew how to look like one already , that was for sure . 
 `` i must get back , '' he said to the stranger . 
 phereclus , he remembered . 
 `` i have work to do . '' 
 `` at the smithy ? '' 
 that stopped him , and he gave the man a frown . 
 `` how do you know that ? '' 
 `` i followed you most of the way down from there , '' phereclus said . 
 `` ucalegon asked me to find you . 
 he seemed to think you were having trouble making yourself understood . '' 
 `` ucalegon sent you ? '' 
 `` he asked me , '' the other man repeated . 
 `` hardly anyone in troy speaks your language , you know . 
 hector does , and his brother lycaon has a few words -- not surprising , given that he 's married to -- '' `` eshan of hattusa , '' mursili broke in . 
 `` i remember when he came to the city for the wedding . 
 a great honour for troy . '' 
 `` and for hattusa too , '' phereclus said , almost absently . 
 `` in my home we know both cities equally , as places of legend . '' 
 `` your home ? '' 
 `` i 'm from colchis , '' phereclus said . 
 mursili knew that name too . 
 surprise upon surprise , he thought to himself . 
 colchis was a place of myth itself , a country where the rivers were laced with gold and precious stones washed up on the strands after a storm . 
 a sheep 's fleece hung in the water for a season would glitter with gold when it was drawn back out again . 
 it would be a target for every greedy king in the world , except that the colchian navy dominated the euxine sea and the land itself was ringed by high mountains . 
 there was a tale , probably untrue , of a greek adventurer who had stolen one of those fleeces , a generation ago or so . 
 more believable were the stories of armies which had vanished in colchis , or been eaten by creatures which dwelt in the clouds which wreathed those peaks . 
 one hittite tale spoke of a hero who battled living trees and the spirits of forest glades , fought off mountain spirits , and came home with only a torn-off scrap of fleece to show for his efforts . 
 he looked at phereclus , considering his words , and then gave a mental shrug and said , `` you 're a shipbuilder . '' 
 `` that 's right , '' phereclus admitted cheerfully . 
 `` though my pride leads me to insist that i 'm a master shipbuilder . 
 i wanted to see some of the fabled places of the world , king priam wanted an expert shipbuilder , and so here i am . '' 
 he spread his hands . 
 `` a common artisan far from my home , just like you . '' 
 `` i am not , '' mursili said stiffly , `` a common artisan . '' 
 `` ah , '' phereclus said . 
 his smile faded . 
 `` i see . 
 you really are just like me , and just as proud in your own work . '' 
 mursili shrugged . 
 `` work is all i have . '' 
 `` we can find you something more , here in troy . '' 
 he grimaced . 
 `` your women are so tall it unnerves me . '' 
 `` tall , perhaps , but between the legs they 're the same as any other women . 
 just a bit higher up . '' 
 surprised , mursili was laughing before he realised it . 
 phereclus had an ease about him that was reminiscent of hector , though the two men were utterly different in every other way . 
 phereclus was balding and boasted a slight paunch , hardly the characteristics of a warrior lord . 
 still , mursili thought he might be able to like him . 
 it would be pleasant to have a friend in this new city . 
 `` all right , then , '' phereclus said presently . 
 `` what 's got you so angry about your new smithy ? '' 
 mursili drew a breath . 
 `` the forge pit is on the far wall from the slack tub , '' he said . 
 `` how does that make sense ? 
 i need to be able to turn from the forge to cool metal quickly , at once , not waste seconds striding across the room . 
 then the work tables are less than two yards from the forge pit , and they 're made of wood . 
 iron requires a great deal of heat and those tables will catch fire . 
 the heat also needs to be vented , but there are no windows above the forge pit , none at all . 
 the tool rack needs to be -- '' `` stop ! '' 
 phereclus said , holding his hands up as though in surrender . 
 `` enough , my new friend . 
 i can see you know what you need . 
 i 'll arrange for you to talk with ucalegon . 
 actually , '' he added , `` i 'd better be there too , since the councillor does n't speak nešili . '' 
 `` he can arrange for this to be done ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i 'd rather deal with antenor -- that 's the man to go to if you ever want something done , i swear the man never sleeps . 
 but he 's not in the city just now , and ucalegon is a good enough sort . 
 he did send me to see if i could help you out , after all . '' 
 `` thank you , '' mursili said . 
 `` and after that , i can start teaching you to speak trojan , '' phereclus said . 
 `` you 'll pick it up in no time . 
 meanwhile i think i 'll show you one or two of the more ... intriguing parts of the city . '' 
 mursili looked at him . 
 `` intriguing ? '' 
 `` we 're back to talking about women again , '' phereclus said . 
 `` but with these girls , trust me , height is not going to be a problem . '' 
 he did n't understand that at first , but then he caught phereclus ' wicked smile and rather thought he did . 
 the smile came back to his lips again . 
 he really did think he could like this man . 
 chapter six a shiver of desire the palace in pylos was surprising . 
 antenor had expected to find the hall of a warrior king . 
 that was what the argives were , after all : warriors and raiders , defining themselves by who they killed and what they stole . 
 their palaces were built like fortresses , with thick walls of heavy stone and cramped corridors , easy to defend . 
 shafts of light crept in through small , high windows , and only served to make the greyness around them all the gloomier . 
 here it was different . 
 the palace stood above most of the city , on a rising coastline above a west-facing bay . 
 afternoon sun blazed off the water and into the streets , and also through the wide , arched porticoes that formed the seaward side of the palace . 
 they led to a series of small , cleverly placed courtyards , each with a cluster of buildings to house visiting guests , and all bathed in that brilliant sunlight . 
 beyond those was the palace proper , wide passageways and bright rooms , all of it painted . 
 if you knew what to look for , you could see where plaster covered the join between an old wall and a new , or where battlements had been reshaped into decorative balustrades . 
 the designers had used as much of the old , martial fortress as they could , when they laid out these new halls . 
 this palace showed that messenia had money now , and a lot of it . 
 the use of old walls showed they still had far less than troy . 
 antenor had expected greek martial scenes and he saw enough of those . 
 men in crested helmets stabbing with spears , charioteers careering through a chaos of struggle : the usual sort of thing . 
 argives were not imaginative when it came to showing battle . 
 it was the same few images repeated again and again , in hall after hall . 
 the lords did n't want anything new , or daring , they just wanted the same , tired old repetition . 
 but that was on the old walls , where plaster had n't been replaced at all . 
 not on the new ones . 
 the main entrance hall boasted a mural all down one side , done in the egyptian style , all the colours bright but the black darker than evil 's heart . 
 three people were being guided into the afterlife by a god with a jackal 's head : antenor thought that was anubis , but he always mixed up the strange egyptian gods , and he was n't sure . 
 one of the trio was a warrior in armour , another was a woman and the third looked like a labourer , which made the meaning plain . 
 everyone is equal in death . 
 it was an unexpected message for an argive warrior king to send . 
 then there was plenty of greek art . 
 athletes competing in their games , and a gorgon 's head carved into the stone wall with the snakes of her hair writhing out as though to snatch at passers-by . 
 a vase on a plinth was decorated with two men making pottery -- an ironic touch , perhaps -- while on a wall a painted maiden gave herself up into a lover 's arms . 
 antenor began to feel he was on more familiar ground again . 
 and then one of the chambers was decorated with a hittite pattern , circles made up of dozens of concentric rings in red , yellow and green . 
 a line of lions walked around the edge , while near the middle crimson triangles pointed inward . 
 the circles all overlapped , twisting the eye as it tried to follow them . 
 it made antenor a little queasy . 
 most hittite art took the form of bas-relief or sculpture , and he was n't sure they 'd got the hang of painting . 
 the megaron itself had a mosaic floor , a style antenor had heard of but never seen before . 
 it was popular among some of the western peoples , the etruscans and samnites he thought . 
 when he entered he was too low down to make out the design clearly , but he could see it was another pattern , swirling lines of bright colour set against brilliant white . 
 this was not an argive warrior hall . 
 it was more like palaces antenor had visited in asia , halicarnassus or even troy itself . 
 he was more unsettled than he cared to admit , his expectations confounded even before he spoke a word . 
 antenor was an experienced diplomat and councillor though , and he was sure his manner gave nothing away when nestor greeted him . 
 the king of messenia was old now , somewhere past his mid-fifties according to trojan agents , and he looked it . 
 half his hair was gone and the rest was grey , and liver spots decorated the backs of his hands . 
 but his brown eyes were sharp , and his step was firm when he rose from his throne and came down the dais to greet antenor . 
 a courtesy , that : he was within his right to stay where he was and wait for his guest to bow . 
 `` ` antenor of troy , '' nestor said . 
 `` come to discuss transit duties on the eastern roads , i 'm told ? '' 
 `` the matter requires constant attention , '' antenor replied . 
 the king nodded . 
 `` of course . 
 important matters so often do . 
 though i 'm sure they will leave you ample time to mention the lady hesione before you leave , '' an eyebrow rose ironically , `` as you so often do . '' 
 it was unfair , really . 
 in his younger days nestor had been among the most admired warriors in greece , an excellent spearman and the match of any charioteer in the land . 
 much like the young man behind him , in fact , who looked enough like nestor that he just had to be his son . 
 but that had only ever been a part of who nestor was . 
 he was clever , a rare thing among the viciously competing warrior kings of greece . 
 he thought things through , devised stratagems and twisty schemes no one saw through until it was too late . 
 this light-drenched new palace was proof of how far that cleverness had taken him , and the country he ruled . 
 messenia could never have afforded it twenty years ago . 
 the man was both warrior and scholar , and he 'd disarmed antenor in a sentence , laced with a touch of wit . 
 `` i 'm sure of it too , '' antenor said , trying not to let his discomfiture show . 
 `` but perhaps we might observe the formalities first ? '' 
 nestor grinned , obviously amused by antenor 's effort to match his cleverness . 
 he gestured for his visitor to seat himself beside the throne , and the court advisors and flunkies shuffled aside to make room for him . 
 it was evening before the two men were able to sit together , away from the business of kingship and diplomacy . 
 they took a table on the westward-facing balcony , in the light of the sinking sun . 
 nestor waved the servant away and served the wine and figs himself . 
 `` i 'm amazed by your palace , '' antenor said . 
 `` because it is n't a dreary castle ? '' 
 nestor chuckled . 
 `` when diomedes of argolis was here he kept asking me where i 'd found the architects . 
 i gave him a few names , actually . 
 if our investments work out he 'll have the money to make this palace look like a hovel . '' 
 `` investments ? '' 
 `` you 're fishing , my dear trojan , '' nestor said comfortably . 
 `` but it does n't matter . 
 anyone in pylos could tell you . 
 diomedes and i are putting some money into the western settlements , especially in sicily . 
 there 's a town called naxos which has hills just right for olives , but nobody has planted anything yet . 
 we 're going to ship some cuttings out there this summer . '' 
 `` long project , '' antenor noted . 
 `` oh yes , i wo n't see it come to fruition . 
 my son thrasymedes will be the one to benefit from the income . 
 and it might be more than just olives . 
 once the town starts to grow , it wo n't be long before business picks up . 
 once we start proper trading , they 'll grow as rich as we do . '' 
 antenor sipped his wine and did n't answer . 
 in truth he was quite pleased to hear the argives were looking west . 
 it might mean fewer raids on the asian coast , or that of egypt to the south . 
 there was something restless in the greek spirit , some unquiet part of the soul that kept pushing them on to the horizon , and then beyond it again . 
 he was happy to see that energy aimed away from troy . 
 `` if it was up to me , '' nestor said quietly , looking out to sea , `` i would return hesione to troy . 
 i 'd send her home in honour , with gifts of friendship . 
 but we greeks still value war above peace , glory above honour . 
 telamon will never release her while he lives . '' 
 again antenor did n't speak . 
 nestor seemed to be talking to himself as much as anything , so he kept quiet and let him speak . 
 `` we 're changing , '' the old man said . 
 `` we really are , antenor . 
 this palace is evidence of it , and there will be more . 
 diomedes thinks the same way i do , and so does menestheus , in athens . 
 the days when theseus ruled there like a typical bully-king are done . 
 `` but we do n't have the lineage of you easterners . 
 trojans , maeonians are more sophisticated than we greeks . 
 you 've have had centuries to learn how to live together , but most of my people still believe you deal with rivals by the sword , and only by the sword . '' 
 nestor sighed . 
 `` if this had happened in another generation , say in thrasymedes ' time , i think hesione would be returned . 
 if she 'd ever have been taken at all . '' 
 `` but she was , '' antenor said . 
 `` and all this talk of change , while laudable , does not alleviate her predicament . '' 
 nestor looked at him . 
 `` i can think of nothing that will . 
 you and i understand each other , i think , and troy and messenia are better as friends than enemies . 
 so take no offence when i say i will not set myself against telamon in this . 
 not when there is nothing to gain , and certainly not while the high king and most of the lesser rulers support him . '' 
 `` king priam has instructed me to say that this issue is now linked , for him , with that of trade duties on the trojan road . '' 
 `` i regret that , '' nestor said . 
 `` i know why he says so , but i rue that it 's come so far . '' 
 `` the fault is not troy 's . '' 
 `` nor is it messenia 's , '' nestor shot back , with a flash of the fire he 'd had as a younger man . 
 `` we 're both innocent parties in this , but we 're not enemies , so do n't behave as though we are . '' 
 antenor sighed . 
 `` i apologise , my friend . '' 
 `` accepted , '' nestor said immediately . 
 `` but troy should be careful , antenor . 
 here in greece we say that if you join the dance circle , you have no choice but to dance . 
 once events spin out of control we sometimes find we ca n't control our steps anymore . 
 i 'm afraid that may be becoming the case here . '' 
 he ruminated for a moment , turning his wine cup in age-spotted hands . 
 `` fate never sets the course of a thread before its time , they say . 
 if we 're to find an answer , we ought to talk to odysseus . '' 
 `` the king of ithaca ? '' 
 antenor asked , taken by surprise . 
 `` i had the impression that was a backwater . '' 
 `` ithaca is hardly more than a pimple , '' nestor agreed . 
 `` but odysseus is much more than that . 
 if you want winged words , my trojan friend , then he 's your man . 
 odysseus can persuade wolves to eat berries and leave the sheep alone . 
 do n't ever bargain with him . 
 he 'll sell you a pig in a sack and you wo n't realise he made a fool of you until two years later . '' 
 antenor eyed the old king thoughtfully . 
 he had n't heard that of odysseus before : all the talk of the soft-spoken man was that he was a shepherd-king , little more than a peasant . 
 it might be that nestor was trying to distract antenor with this suggestion . 
 delay him with a pointless journey west to ithaca , while nestor spoke to others and settled matters behind his back . 
 he did n't like to think so . 
 nestor was a friend , as far as any argive king could be considered so . 
 and if this clever man spoke so highly of the intelligence of odysseus , his words were worth listening to . 
 antenor filed the comment away , to be considered later . 
 perhaps a way could be found to watch this ithacan , see if reality matched the praise . 
 but it did n't matter for now . 
 priam and antenor had planned this journey together , from pylos to sparta and athens , and he was n't about to change schedule on the strength of one suggestion . 
 * five days later , in sparta , menelaus was blunter . 
 `` telamon sees himself as the last of the heroes , '' the king said . 
 `` he adventured with heracles , remember , and not just in troy . 
 they were raiders together for years . 
 telamon 's whole life has been about pride in that . 
 if he gave hesione back he would seem weak in his own eyes . '' 
 pride , antenor thought to himself . 
 all the argives seemed to care about was pride . 
 nestor might claim they were changing , but if so it was so slow as to hardly be noticeable . 
 here in sparta it was impossible to believe . 
 the city sat in the middle of a plain , where a pair of streams flowed into the river evrotas . 
 it was ringed by two walls , one inside the other and both protected by a moat . 
 the walls were square and thick , like the buildings inside . 
 the palace seemed to be all dark tunnels and halls lit by a single candle , guttering in the gloom . 
 menelaus himself was big and brawny , with reddish hair and heavy forearms . 
 wisps of fine hair curled out from the collar of his chiton , at the back as well as the front . 
 an argive warrior lord , in short , all brawn and bristle . 
 he looked quite similar to his brother in fact , the high king agamemnon , who antenor did not intend to visit during this trip to the west . 
 there was n't much point : agamemnon was surly and sour with almost everyone , nearly all the time . 
 when antenor had gone to mycenae two years earlier he 'd ended up being made to wait for a week , while the high king went hunting or idled his afternoon away in wine . 
 when antenor was finally admitted he was treated to a long rant about how other peoples never understood the argives . 
 his ears had ached for days . 
 he did n't plan to go through that again . 
 hence this new approach . 
 it had been hecuba 's idea at first , the queen encroaching onto her husband 's ground if truth be told , though she and priam exchanged ideas regularly . 
 speak to the other kings , those without a direct stake in hesione 's fate and with nothing to lose by negotiation . 
 try to build a broad agreement , if not to hand her back then at least to discuss terms . 
 it had seemed a good idea , in troy . 
 antenor had considered which of the kings might be most amenable , whose help was most useful if it could be gained , and slowly the trip had taken shape . 
 it had seemed a good idea in pylos too , until nestor spoke and it began to seem hopelessly optimistic . 
 now , in menelaus ' grim palace , it seemed little better than a fool 's errand . 
 but antenor was here now . 
 he might as well play the game through to the end . 
 `` we greeks thought you unmanly , you know , '' menelaus said conversationally . 
 `` that day in thessaly , i mean . 
 when you would n't hunt with us . '' 
 it was an effort not to stare . 
 this was supposed to be the smoother , more tactful of the brothers . 
 antenor spoke without knowing what the words would be until he heard them . 
 `` i would never have been able to keep up . 
 in troas we hunt from chariots . '' 
 `` we knew that , '' menelaus said . 
 `` but you could have tried . 
 a lot of the older greeks could n't stand the pace that day . 
 they still ran until their legs gave out . '' 
 you did n't , antenor thought . 
 menelaus had been too young to join the hunt that day , and had followed behind on a chariot , just like an easterner . 
 yet now he sat and lectured , as though to a weakling or a lackwit . 
 it showed a lack of proper respect . 
 antenor was a diplomat , sent by a king of considerable power -- more than laconia , for certain , however this blocky idiot liked to strut . 
 he deserved better than cheap insults . 
 `` argives judge manliness by their own standards , '' he said , keeping his voice calm . 
 `` there are others . '' 
 menelaus shrugged . 
 `` none that matter . '' 
 the man was a boorish lout , actually very similar to his brother . 
 antenor was wasting his time here . 
 he was preparing to make a polite excuse -- some people knew how to behave , after all -- when a side door opened and a woman came in . 
 for a moment antenor actually thought his eyes were playing a trick on him . 
 he 'd heard poets claim that a woman was as lovely as a goddess , but always thought it just a neat turn of phrase , of no more importance than a man who claims his children are the prettiest in troy . 
 and he 'd seen beauty , in the court at troy and sometimes beyond , in miletos or sardis . 
 but this woman was ... astonishing . 
 he did n't think he could speak . 
 helen , something in his mind gabbled as he stared . 
 this must be helen , daughter of old king tyndareus . 
 the heir , after castor died that day in thessaly . 
 menelaus is king through marriage to her . 
 word had reached troy that helen had chosen her own husband , something unheard-of among the masculine lords of greece . 
 antenor doubted it , himself . 
 laconia was the second most powerful of the argive nations , behind only agamemnon 's achaea . 
 the high king would not have wanted to see it in a rival 's hands , or even those of a younger man , a better warrior and captain of men . 
 it seemed likely that helen had been ... coerced . 
 persuaded to choose agamemnon 's brother . 
 watching her glide across the floor , antenor was no longer sure . 
 it was hard to imagine this woman being forced to do anything she did n't want to . 
 there was something about her of open flames , something too of the tigress , though that might just have been the mane of tawny hair , bound up in a net but still seeming to flow freely . 
 menelaus was visibly changed by it . 
 he sat straighter , his expression sharpened to one of immediate fascination , and his eyes opened wider . 
 antenor hoped he did n't look the same . 
 `` i did not know you had a guest , '' helen said . 
 her voice was very low , and all but smoked . 
 `` will you introduce me ? '' 
 she almost certainly had known , of course . 
 the presence of a trojan emissary in the palace would have been very hard to hide , even if anyone had tried . 
 she was playing some game of which antenor was unaware . 
 he kept silent , trying to regain some composure . 
 `` matters of state , '' menelaus said with a wave of his hand . 
 his gaze travelled over her body . 
 `` you need n't concern yourself . '' 
 watching , antenor was sure he saw a flash of anger in her eyes -- extraordinary eyes , violet and very large , under strong brows . 
 it was gone at once though , and her smile never faltered as helen laid a hand on her husband 's arm . 
 `` will these affairs delay you long ? '' 
 `` i trust not . '' 
 menelaus was riveted by her , even as he strove to keep a semblance of formality . 
 `` i may come to you later , wife , if time allows . '' 
 it was a dismissal , and this time the flare of fury was impossible to mistake . 
 the throne of laconia had been her father 's and had come to her , antenor reminded himself : she had made menelaus king here by her own choice , whether coerced or not . 
 it must rankle sorely that she could now be dismissed like a common maid . 
 those violet eyes flicked to antenor and pinned him to his chair , and he was sure he could feel his skin crisping in the heat of her gaze . 
 despite himself , despite all his worldliness , he felt a shiver of sudden desire . 
 then she turned and walked away , leaving the room even gloomier than before she 'd entered . 
 * after that , the visit to menestheus in athens was all but meaningless , though the new king did make a concession . 
 `` i 'll talk to agamemnon , '' he promised . 
 `` i ca n't say i 'm happy at the way this has dragged on . 
 women are abducted all the time , of course ; we kings could n't stop that even if we tried . 
 too many pirates . 
 but hesione comes from an old lineage , and that matters . '' 
 too many of the pirates were greek kings , with cloths tied over their faces so they could deny having been there . 
 this was n't the time to mention that . 
 `` will agamemnon listen ? '' 
 `` probably not , '' menestheus conceded . 
 he stroked his dark goatee beard . 
 `` but we might be able to work something out . 
 perhaps if i traded something to telamon , in exchange for hesione ... i might be able to persuade him , if the high king helps . 
 a couple of servant girls and some attican wine ... or better yet an engraved shield from egypt . 
 something he can show off to visitors . '' 
 `` how would this help ? '' 
 `` well , because i could then hand hesione back to troy . '' 
 menestheus looked faintly surprised that antenor had n't understood at once . 
 `` it would n't hurt my pride ... and i could use lower tariffs on the trojan road . '' 
 antenor was amazed . 
 this was the first time a reasonable suggestion had been made by an argive , any argive , in nearly twenty years of constant talk . 
 more , it sounded as though it might actually work . 
 if telamon had a shield or some such he could boast about how he 'd extracted it as a price for the woman he gave up , and so his pride would be assuaged . 
 he 'd have two pretty bed girls as well , assuming he was still capable of doing anything with them , fat and old as he was . 
 `` if you could do this , '' he said , `` attican merchants would reap the benefits , i can promise you that . '' 
 he meant it , and he was sure priam would agree . 
 the king longed for his sister 's return so badly , he would n't hesitate to award a lower duty on the goods of the country which had delivered her . 
 not that attica was doing badly . 
 there was a huge mural painted in the megaron of men leaping a bull , the famous sport of minoan crete painted in the style of that people ; the bull brown and white , the dancers tanned golden against the white sand . 
 one each side of the scene stood a man wearing a strange headdress , set against a crimson background that did n't match the bull scene at all . 
 perhaps the standing men were not part of the main image . 
 antenor did n't know enough about minoan art to say . 
 it seemed that attica was as modern as nestor had promised though . 
 but in truth , antenor struggled to keep his mind on business , even that of hesione , all through the two days he spent in menestheus ' palace in athens . 
 or on art . 
 he could n't keep it on anything , except for the memory of a woman with violet eyes and a voice that might have come from aphrodite herself . 
 helen . 
 * `` will it work ? '' 
 menestheus asked . 
 the small man next to him at the window shrugged , a motion which looked strange on him . 
 `` who can say ? '' 
 `` no riddles , '' the king said . 
 he felt very tired . 
 `` i took a risk there . 
 answer my question , thersites . '' 
 the bard fingered his lyre . 
 `` i 'm a storyteller , not a seer . '' 
 `` give my body to the dogs ! '' 
 menestheus cursed . 
 `` will you give me a straight answer ? '' 
 `` i 'd say it should work . '' 
 thersites did n't seem to notice the king 's outburst of temper . 
 `` the trojans will grasp at any straw if it holds out hope for the return of their princess . 
 whether agamemnon will approve is another matter . '' 
 `` yes , '' menestheus said heavily . 
 he stared out across the sea , where the trojan 's ship was dwindling in the distance . 
 `` whether agamemnon approves is always another matter . '' 
 chapter seven the black ants there were watchmen posted in the tower on the headland , where they had a view out over miles of the greensea . 
 at first sight of an approaching they would ring the tocsin , a bronze bell with a high , clear note , and everyone would hurry for the sanctuary of teos and its wooden walls . 
 the attack came over land , from the north , almost as though the raiders knew the weakness in the town 's defences . 
 nobody knew until it was too late . 
 * hiram was trying to push past , eager to join the fight at the town gate . 
 all of thirteen , and he wanted to kill raiders . 
 balzer shoved him back with one arm , hard enough to send him sprawling on the wooden floor . 
 `` you will stay here , '' balzer said . 
 `` no argument ! 
 you have a sister and brother to protect . 
 do your duty to them . '' 
 `` but the greeks -- '' `` must i tell you again ? '' 
 the street outside was full of shouts and running feet . 
 someone screamed , a sound of pure terror that brought balzer 's heart into his mouth . 
 it had sounded like his wife ; half the cries he heard made him think she was dying out there . 
 he took a step towards hiram . 
 behind the boy paltal and išbardia stood by the door , their eyes wide . 
 `` must i ? '' 
 hiram dropped his gaze . 
 `` no , papa . '' 
 `` then stay here . 
 get into the pantry and bolt the door . 
 if the first man in is a greek , then kill him . '' 
 gods , let that not happen . 
 tarhun guard them , arinna smile on their souls . 
 he forced himself to go on . 
 `` i will fight for all of you . '' 
 `` mother 's out there , '' hiram said . 
 `` i know that . 
 she 'll know how to take care of herself . '' 
 he hoped she would . 
 `` go now . 
 go ! '' 
 hiram scrambled up . 
 he was turning to his siblings when the door flew open behind balzer , who yelled and spun around with his sword already rising for the strike . 
 it was too late , far too late : one of the black-armoured warriors would have killed him already . 
 but instead it was didia , streaks of dirt on her face and a rip in her dress , and his heart leapt to see her . 
 `` husband ! '' 
 she shouted . 
 `` we must -- '' she stopped speaking . 
 one hand reached out to rest against the door jamb , taking her weight . 
 it was only then that balzer noticed the blood running from her mouth , saw the bronze blade projecting from her chest . 
 he screamed and sprang forward just as her body fell , rattling the door against the wall . 
 behind her stood a large man in a sable cuirass and helmet , hiding everything of his face except jaw and eyes . 
 balzer screamed and struck at him , his chipped sword slashing down at the raider 's shoulder . 
 the blow was taken on the man 's shield , and a return cut knocked the blade from balzer 's grip and sent it skittering across the floor . 
 he jumped back and fell over his dead wife 's body , crashing down on his back . 
 behind him hiram scuttled for the sword . 
 `` leave it ! '' 
 balzer shouted , and the boy froze . 
 `` good advice , '' the greek said , in accented luwian . 
 he stepped through the door , a muscular man made bulkier by the tough leather cuirass he wore . 
 `` we would rather have slaves than corpses . 
 do you yield ? '' 
 slaves . 
 balzer longed to seize his sword again and cut this man down , hack at him until there was nothing left but shredded flesh and broken bones beneath . 
 but he would never reach the blade -- and if he did , then what ? 
 the raider would almost certainly kill him first , and even if not there were more in the streets . 
 hundreds more . 
 balzer swallowed hard . 
 slavery . 
 for his children . 
 `` we yield , '' he said . 
 `` medon ! '' 
 the man shouted , over his shoulder . 
 a second greek appeared in the doorway , as large as the first and spattered with blood down his left side . 
 `` bind them for me . 
 you have rope ? '' 
 `` of course i do . '' 
 the newcomer rested a spear against the wall and pulled cord from his belt . 
 `` you make us all carry it , eudorus . '' 
 balzer did n't resist as his hands were tied behind him . 
 he was careful not to look at his wife though , certain he 'd weep if he did . 
 didia had been his first love , his only ; he 'd known her since they were both small . 
 there had never been any question but that they would marry , when they were old enough . 
 their families had never considered anyone else . 
 she had been killed with such suddenness that he still had n't taken it in . 
 he would cry when he did , he knew that , but he hoped it would not be in front of the greeks . 
 `` this one 's older than i thought , '' medon said . 
 he 'd tied the two boys and was now hauling išbardia to her feet . 
 `` what are you girl , sixteen ? '' 
 `` leave her alone ! '' 
 balzer shouted . 
 a moment later something hammered into the side of his head and he fell sideways , his skull bouncing off the floor . 
 for a moment he could n't see , and heard only his daughter 's scream . 
 he spat blood , feeling a loose tooth . 
 `` the next one will be harder , '' the man called eudorus said . 
 his tone was quite pleasant . 
 `` the third time i 'll take the horsewhip to you . 
 you 're a slave now , mysian . 
 start behaving like one . '' 
 balzer spat again , still feeling woozy . 
 `` seventeen , '' he heard išbardia whisper . 
 the other man must have asked her age again . 
 balzer knew why they wanted to know . 
 there was only one outcome when a pretty young girl was taken captive . 
 he managed not to weep , but he thought that was mostly because he was too appalled for tears . 
 * they were taken outside . 
 the street was full of captives , most of them tied together in lines of five or ten people , many injured . 
 bodies were scattered along the road , and formed a largish heap at the far end , where it ran through the wall . 
 many of the dead were young , hardly more than children , though all of those were boys . 
 a different fate awaited the girls . 
 men in black armour moved among the corpses , checking them . 
 now and then one stabbed down with spear or sword and an arm twitched once , then was still . 
 some of those bodies must belong to men balzer had known , and worked alongside : or women they had married , who had looked after his children when he and didia needed time to themselves . 
 he did his best not to look at them but sometimes his eyes fell on a face he knew , however he tried . 
 the prisoners were led to the town square . 
 stalls from the day 's market still stood in the agora , though most had ripped canvas or overturned tables , and wares smashed on the ground . 
 other townsfolk were there already , filling the small plaza almost completely . 
 they 'd been tied in lines like cattle for sale . 
 balzer supposed that 's what they were , now . 
 he looked for familiar faces and found some . 
 not many . 
 not enough . 
 it had been so quick . 
 one moment the town was quiet , its normal sedentary self , and the next black-garbed warriors were thundering up the road . 
 anyone unlucky enough to be in the fields had been cut down , except a few of the fastest runners . 
 they 'd come hurtling over the ditch barely ahead of the raiders , and by then it was too late to close the gate . 
 balzer had seen that much , and known at once there was no hope . 
 there were too many of the attackers -- argives , they had to be , nobody else made raids like this -- and too few defenders . 
 only some forty townsfolk had reached the gate by the time the raiders crashed came crashing in . 
 balzer should have been one of them . 
 he 'd stopped to make sure his children were hidden , and found there was n't even enough time for that . 
 `` balzer , '' a man in the next line said . 
 it was chilbu , a carpenter from one street over . 
 `` how did they do it ? 
 i never heard the tocsin . '' 
 `` it did n't ring , '' balzer said tiredly . 
 he felt empty , hollowed out . 
 the words tore his throat as they emerged from it . 
 `` they came overland . 
 i saw them come out of the wood beyond the north fields . '' 
 `` papa , '' išbardia said , her voice very small . 
 he could n't look at her . 
 there was nothing he could say , no comfort he could offer her . 
 he 'd have scrambled for his sword and let eudorus spit him like a dog if it would save his children , any of them , but he knew it would n't have done . 
 the tears were close now and he fought them , taking deep breaths of the warm air and blinking at the sky . 
 `` here he is , '' eudorus said , not far behind him . 
 there was something in the greek 's voice that made balzer turn around to see . 
 a note of excitement , even in the midst of this carnage and despair . 
 he looked down the street towards the gate . 
 a man was coming towards them , bigger than eudorus but seeming almost dainty , stepping like a dancer between the bodies . 
 where the other raiders wore black armour his shone like gold , and his hair was scarcely less bright . 
 he was very big , tall and broad as well , which made his light-footed movement seem strange , like an auroch skipping . 
 `` achilles , '' eudorus said . 
 balzer felt a fool . 
 he should have realised who led the raiders from the moment he saw the black armour . 
 achilles and the myrmidons were known across the greensea , pirates who struck and struck again and never lost , no matter where they appeared . 
 they had raided samos , and seemed to strike along the thracian coast every summer more or less at will : the thracians had no ships and little organisation , and were easy prey . 
 two or three years ago the myrmidons had attacked the coast of egypt itself , smashing their way into a town outside rosetta and making off with a fortune in worked gold . 
 they even attacked argives . 
 under achilles the myrmidons played no favourites , except perhaps that they did n't raid the greek mainland itself . 
 but they had raided rhodes , at least twice that blazer had heard of , and were accused of the same in crete , whose long coastline made it especially vulnerable to seaborne raids . 
 king idomeneus had supposedly threatened to feed achilles ' body to the dogs if he ever caught him . 
 because achilles was at the heart of it all , the reason the myrmidons still devastated coasts and sailed away laden with plunder , when the rest of the argives hardly did so anymore . 
 greek kings had begun to protect their own lands rather than raiding against others ' . 
 the world was not what it had been . 
 except for the warriors in black . 
 and everywhere they went , they took prisoners and sold them into slavery , earning even more wealth as they did . 
 `` numbers ? '' 
 achilles asked . 
 his voice was surprisingly soft . 
 `` we could take six hundred captives if we wanted to , '' eudorus said . 
 `` not that we have room for them all . '' 
 `` or could sell them all , '' a new voice said . 
 it came from a man almost as tall as achilles , striding to join them across the agora . 
 balzer thought he looked almost feminine , with his blond hair and a chin that looked as though it had never needed a shave . 
 `` we 'd have to sail the greensea for weeks to be rid of them all , unless we sold them for coppers . '' 
 these are lives ! 
 balzer wanted to shout . 
 we are people , with our own plans and our own loves . 
 not things , to be bought and sold . 
 but the world was cruel , it had always been cruel , and the fates would n't listen to one mortal 's pleas . 
 he felt one of the boys ' hand slip into his and gripped it hard . 
 `` pick out two hundred , '' achilles ordered . 
 `` choose the best , patroclus . 
 we 'll leave the others here . '' 
 `` just leave them ? '' 
 the androgynous man asked . 
 `` sacking a town is good , '' achilles said . 
 `` burning it to nothing is n't . 
 if we let them rebuild there will still be something here for us to raid again , twenty years from now . 
 start checking the houses for treasures and send word to the ships ; it 's time they moved around to the strand here . 
 i want everything loaded and the hulls back out at sea before -- '' '' he broke off . 
 for the second time balzer felt that brittle something in the air , and again he could n't help but look . 
 achilles was staring at išbardia . 
 goggling at her , in fact , as though he 'd been struck to the heart and could n't tear himself away . 
 balzer turned his head and saw his daughter staring back , with the same intent expression on her face . 
 something inside him plunged queasily . 
 `` in the name of aphrodite , '' achilles said at last . 
 `` the shining one sends us fair wind and calm seas , when we voyage . 
 i did not expect her to also send such beauty as yours . 
 what are you called ? '' 
 `` išbardia , '' she said . 
 the small , shocked tone was gone , replaced by a strength balzer had n't expected , or heard from her before . 
 `` išbardia , '' the golden man repeated . 
 he smiled brilliantly . 
 `` išbardia . 
 a lovely name . 
 i am achilles . '' 
 `` i know who you are , '' she said . 
 he nodded . 
 `` of course you do . 
 everyone on the shores of the sea knows the name of achilles . '' 
 there was unmistakeable pride in his tone , but išbardia stood very straight and looked him in the eye , without a hint of fear . 
 `` as a plunderer . 
 as a stealer of lives and a wrecker of towns . 
 only that . '' 
 `` what else should a warrior be known for ? '' 
 he seemed genuinely bemused . 
 `` men know my name . 
 i can ask no more . '' 
 išbardia said nothing to that , merely studied him , but she still carried the earlier flush in her cheeks . 
 balzer did n't like that , but he could n't see what he could do about it . 
 everyone in the agora had fallen silent to listen . 
 behind achilles his two captains , eudorus and patroclus , exchanged glances of what balzer thought was weary resignation . 
 he did n't understand that at all . 
 `` will you come with me ? '' 
 achilles asked . 
 she did n't blink . 
 `` as what ? 
 your slave ? '' 
 `` my companion , '' achilles said . 
 balzer took a small step forward , all the ropes allowed him without dragging others in his wake . 
 he stopped even before eudorus and patroclus cut their eyes towards him , at precisely the same instant . 
 there was nothing he could do to stop this , and anyway it would be better than any other possibility open to išbardia now . 
 she 'd know that , of course . 
 she had never been a fool , any more than her mother had been . 
 `` my family goes free ? '' 
 she asked . 
 achilles gestured to his men . 
 patroclus came forward and cut the ropes at balzer 's wrists , then his sons ' . 
 he smiled slightly as he stepped away . 
 `` the gods are with you today , townsman . '' 
 he supposed they were . 
 his wife murdered in front of him , his daughter lost to an outland barbarian , and it was his lucky day . 
 he still had two sons , and they were free . 
 he could feel the envy of the other captives as they glared at him . 
 `` but you 're not happy . '' 
 for a moment patroclus looked startled , and then the smile returned . 
 he lowered his voice . 
 `` achilles has his fancies . 
 they blow hot for a month , or half a year , and then his passion turns elsewhere and the darling is forgotten . 
 but she 'll not be left helpless , townsman . 
 my word on it . '' 
 the word of a raider and killer : that was not at all comforting . 
 balzer was suddenly sure , looking into patroclus ' blue eyes , that he himself was one of the fancies who had been forgotten . 
 it was hardly unknown for men to share love together , after all . 
 for an instant they stared at each other , and then patroclus turned and went back to the lines of myrmidons . 
 balzer turned to his daughter . 
 she was already looking at him , her head held high . 
 achilles had come closer and stood a few paces away . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' balzer said . 
 it was n't enough . 
 how could it be ? 
 it was his task to keep her safe , and yet she was about to leave everything she 'd known to be the companion of a pirate . 
 his bed girl , in short . 
 balzer tried to speak again and no words came out . 
 `` you have no reason to be sorry , '' išbardia said . 
 `` you do n't control the world . 
 if you did , papa , i know i would have always been safe . '' 
 `` let us know if you need us , '' he said . 
 she would n't , of course . 
 a woman on one side of the aegean could n't send a message to the other , unless she was high born . 
 and išbardia could n't even write . 
 few people could . 
 `` i will , '' she promised . 
 she came to him and held him tight , though only for a brief moment . 
 then she stepped back , and kneeling she held her arms out so her two brothers could go to her . 
 they were both crying , even hiram , who thought himself so strong . 
 balzer was glad to see it . 
 they had lost their mother today , and now their sister , and the consolation of their own freedom and safety seemed a small return for that . 
 at length išbardia eased the boys away and stood up . 
 achilles came and took her arm , and then led her away down the body-strewn street , his hand gripping her just above the elbow . 
 it reminded balzer of the way a groom will lead a horse , his hand proprietorial and controlling . 
 he watched her until she was out of sight , and when she vanished breath left him in a soft gasp . 
 `` papa ? '' 
 paltal asked . 
 he shook his head , not answering , and took the boys ' hands . 
 together they started towards the home now being looted by myrmidons . 
 `` papa ? '' 
 paltal said again . 
 `` hush , '' balzer said . 
 he was already thinking about what to take . 
 there was n't much , really . 
 clothes would be most of it . 
 balzer could take his pack , and the boys could tie their cloaks into makeshift bundles , perhaps fastened to the end of a pole . 
 they could manage . 
 `` papa ? '' 
 they 'd need food , of course . 
 there was a good bit in the pantry , assuming the myrmidons did n't take it all . 
 even if they did there would be fruit and berries in the high woods , and game to hunt besides . 
 balzer might not be any use with a sword , but he could use a sling . 
 `` we 're leaving , '' he told paltal . 
 the younger boy 's eyes were huge and terrified . 
 `` as soon as we can . 
 you heard what the warrior said . 
 they want us to rebuild just so they can raid us again , on another day . '' 
 the argives had raided half the world , but not the coast of asia . 
 not since miletos fifteen years ago , when the hittites came and slaughtered every greek they could find , a few years after the city had been taken in a raid . 
 that had left the argives afraid to try again . 
 now , it seemed , they were recovering their nerve . 
 at least , achilles was . 
 that was enough . 
 `` where will we go ? '' 
 paltal asked tremblingly . 
 `` somewhere not even an argive will raid , '' balzer said . 
 `` yes , but where ? '' 
 `` is n't that obvious ? '' 
 hiram took his hand from his father 's and strode on ahead , turning to call back to his brother . 
 `` we 're going to troy . '' 
 chapter eight built on riches `` tarhun 's hand is late . '' 
 `` only by a day . '' 
 `` i do n't care if it 's by an hour , or a minute , '' crescas said crossly . 
 `` she 's late , when the other ships have all made good time . 
 my own , and the vessels of my rivals too . 
 why should the hand be dawdling ? '' 
 they both knew the possible reasons , of course . 
 tarhun 's hand was making her way home from naxos , or should be , unless something had gone wrong on the outward leg . 
 but it was a long run , the sort of journey crescas ' ships only made once a summer , because time-consuming trips to smallish settlements were n't very profitable . 
 it was risky too . 
 there was a section with no land for miles , making the ship vulnerable to sudden storms , and poseidon earth-shaker 's bad temper could whip up waves at any time . 
 in another place the route jumped from island to island , perfect water for pirates , who seemed to reappear as soon as they were cleared away . 
 either could have snatched tarhun 's hand as she voyaged . 
 sometimes ships vanished without anyone knowing why . 
 crescas loathed that . 
 a ship being late at all made him edgy and irritable . 
 `` what about nereid borne ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` will she be unloaded before dark ? '' 
 eteon consulted his slate . 
 `` she should be . '' 
 `` i do n't want to hear should , '' crescas grumbled . 
 `` make sure those amphorae are packed into wagons and stored in the warehouse by sundown . 
 and tell the men to be careful . 
 greek olive oil is the best , we 'll get a good price for it in colchis or sarmatia . '' 
 `` right , '' eteon said . 
 he made a note on the slate . 
 the warehouse they stood in was mostly empty , with five of crescas ' six ships away . 
 several were due in over the next few days though . 
 one was tarhun 's hand , assuming she had n't been smashed on rocks or looted by pirates ; scaean sail was returning from egypt , hopefully with a cargo of cut glass and ivory ; and troas was coming home from phoenicia laden with faience and lapis lazuli from far india . 
 the stockroom would be packed to bursting then , until the wagons could pick the goods up or they could be shipped on to another destination . 
 but you could n't send the ships out again right away . 
 the sailors needed time to waste their pay on wine and whores , and crescas liked to have the hulls checked too , whenever possible . 
 he lost fewer ships when he took a little extra care , which was better for profits and better for the crews too . 
 best to get the olive oil jars on their way immediately , then . 
 they could go east along the trojan road tomorrow morning , following the coast north-east to dardanos and arisbe , then on to priapos and transfer to other ships . 
 crescas did n't concern himself beyond that point ; he had no ships on the euxine sea , nor any plans to buy some . 
 it was the aegean and the greensea he knew , and had sailed in his day . 
 at times he still missed those days . 
 salt in his hair , and arrows of sun darting off the waves into his eyes ... a man could n't ask for much more . 
 except a good wife and children , he reminded himself , and a life of moderate wealth in a fine city . 
 yes . 
 that was what he was glad of now . 
 `` excuse ? '' 
 someone said from the doors . 
 crescas turned , but he could n't make out anything about the visitor while he stood there , outlined by the sun . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` i am look for , '' the man paused , glancing at a paper in his hand , `` crescas the argive ? '' 
 he 'd lived in troy for fifteen years now , and still they called him ` the argive ' . 
 he supposed they always would . 
 crescas had been born in argolis , across the sea in the south of greece . 
 a land of nested valleys with sharp ridges between , rocks protruding from them like broken claws . 
 there long ago had lived argus the hundred-eyed , a titan who never slept and who defied zeus and the twelve olympians . 
 he 'd even defied them in battle , refusing to be beaten . 
 finally clever hermes lulled him to sleep by playing on his flute , and while the giant slumbered cut off his head . 
 hera then placed the eyes in the tail of a peacock so they should not be lost . 
 crescas had been born in the south , on the coast where young boys learned the sea from their fathers , generation after generation . 
 he 'd never seen a titan . 
 or a peacock , for that matter . 
 he 'd seen ships , and loved them , from an early age . 
 by the time he was thirteen he was sailing the greensea , or more usually hauling at an oar because the wind was too soft or blew in the wrong direction . 
 by twenty he was captain of his own ship . 
 three years later he owned two vessels and had become a merchant , spending steadily more and more time ashore while other men did the sailing . 
 he regretted that often , though he told himself it was silly . 
 there were dangers on the sea , and beneath it . 
 a man would have to be a complete fool to want to face them just to feel that salt in his hair . 
 most of the time on land was spent in troy , and just before he turned thirty he married and settled in the city . 
 he had a daughter now , two years old and toddling , and already trying to speak . 
 althea 's first words would probably be luwian , not greek . 
 he supposed she was trojan , in fact . 
 and still people called him ` the argive ' , even while he worshipped at trojan shrines and knelt to the trojan king when priam passed in the street . 
 `` i 'm crescas , '' he said . 
 `` what can i do for you ? '' 
 the man came into the warehouse , which meant he was n't silhouetted by the sunlight anymore and crescas could see him clearly . 
 he turned out to be a little fellow with brown skin , probably from somewhere in the interior of anatolia . 
 perhaps a phrygian or hurrian , it was very hard to tell . 
 he was new to the city though , to judge by his halting command of the language . 
 `` am mursili , '' the man said . 
 `` you sell iron ? '' 
 `` no , '' crescas answered . 
 `` it 's not worth bringing by sea . 
 it 's too heavy and takes up too much space . 
 you need to speak to merchants who run wagon caravans to the south . '' 
 the man shrugged . 
 `` too slow . 
 need iron quick . '' 
 `` i ca n't help you , '' crescas said . 
 he 'd begun to turn away when something connected in his brain and he twisted back to stare at the little fellow . 
 `` you 're the hittite . 
 the ironsmith . '' 
 `` work iron , '' mursili said . 
 `` yes . '' 
 there had been talk about this man . 
 hattusa had never allowed the secrets of iron working to leave the capital , but now hector had brought an expert west with him , apparently as thanks for his heroics in the battle against assyria . 
 crescas , made sensitive to changing political realities by the nature of his work , had pricked up his ears at that . 
 it sounded as though the hittite empire was in trouble , despite the victory at emar . 
 sole access to iron weapons had been a major reason for their power over the past hundred years , perhaps the major reason . 
 they would n't let the secrets or ironwork go if there was any way they could prevent it , and that could only mean their strength was fading . 
 but crescas did n't trade with hattusa , at least not directly , so he 'd forgotten the story until the hittite walked into his stockroom . 
 not that it made any difference . 
 `` i still ca n't help , '' he said . 
 `` iron is just too expensive to transport by sea . 
 the weight means a ship ca n't carry anything else , which makes the voyage unprofitable . 
 you need the caravan masters , as i said . '' 
 `` need you , '' mursili said in his halting luwian . 
 `` for speed . 
 hittites wo n't sell . 
 must come from cyprus mines . 
 by sea . '' 
 `` you 're not listening , '' crescas said . 
 he wondered if the man understood him , actually . 
 `` it ca n't be done , all right ? '' 
 the little man handed over a second piece of parchment , this one still rolled up . 
 `` look . '' 
 the parchment was sealed with wax . 
 only the very wealthiest bothered to do that , and crescas frowned as he broke the seal and opened the letter . 
 a token fell out and he caught it automatically as he read . 
 the royal treasury will pay the merchant crescas the argive in silver for any iron he ships to mursili , weight for weight , until summer 's end . 
 crescas looked at the token . 
 it was an engraving of a stylised horse , just a few curving lines to convey the impression of an animal at the gallop , more speed than shape . 
 he knew it , of course ; the symbol of the city . 
 only priam used it ; not even hector was allowed . 
 this permission had come from the king . 
 he handed the letter to eteon , who read quickly . 
 `` weight for weight ? '' 
 the factor said . 
 his voice had gone slightly hoarse . 
 `` in silver , in return for iron ? '' 
 `` so it seems . '' 
 crescas managed a fairly normal tone . 
 `` we give mursili here a pound of iron , the treasury gives us a pound of silver . '' 
 `` but must be soon , '' the hittite said . 
 soon . 
 yes . 
 crescas closed his eyes , rearranging schedules and plans in his mind . 
 it could be done . 
 `` eteon . '' 
 the other man waited , chalk poised over his slate . 
 `` get nereid borne unloaded tonight , '' crescas said . 
 `` have the men work in the dark if you must , ask permission to keep one of the gates to the city open , whatever it takes . 
 stack the amphorae in the moat , if you must , but get that ship unloaded . 
 i want her ready to sail at dawn . '' 
 `` captain bienor wo n't like that . '' 
 `` i 'll speak to bienor . '' 
 the man would n't like it at all , that was true , and his crew would like it even less . 
 men just back from one voyage wanted a few days before they set out on another . 
 but this contract would make crescas ' fortune , turn him from a reasonably wealthy man into a rich one indeed . 
 he might one day watch his little girl marry a prince , perhaps not of troy itself , but of one of the lesser cities : pedasos maybe , or lovely little lyrnos . 
 he did n't mind sharing a little of that good fortune around . 
 perhaps the crew could be paid double wages when they went to cyprus for iron . 
 crescas ' mind was racing . 
 three more ships were due back within days , and all could be sent to cyprus . 
 the king 's seal had n't set any limit on the amount of iron he 'd pay for . 
 each ship might be able to bring back half a ton . 
 more , possibly , but even with the prospect of such riches something in crescas rebelled at the idea of taking too big a risk . 
 four ships ' worth meant two tons . 
 for which priam would pay two whole tons of silver . 
 two whole tons . 
 crescas felt his palms begin to sweat as he wondered just how rich the king of troy actually was . 
 * when crescas was new to troas , he 'd lived in a single room in bunarbi , three miles north of troy itself . 
 it was a fisherman 's hut , really , and at that nearly more than he could afford . 
 later he took a little house in the main city , just inside the scaean gate in the south , on the site of what had once been a tannery . 
 the old buildings had been demolished , and new ones built , but residents all said that when the summer heat was high and the wind still , the tanner 's smell still rose out of the ground . 
 crescas had n't believed the story . 
 the next summer it had been impossible to doubt it . 
 two years ago , when he married , crescas bought a house at the other end of the city , below the wall of the pergamos . 
 the best houses in troy were there , places where royal cousins and master horse breeders lived . 
 crescas ' home was small compared to those , modest even , but it had seven rooms on two floors and a tiny garden on the roof . 
 he 'd never have said , back in bunarbi , that he 'd ever own such a home as that . 
 it was a mark of the changes in his life that he had n't even chosen it . 
 thaïs was waiting just inside the door , at the top of the steps down to the street . 
 she usually was ; she liked the receiving room , the andron as it was called in greece . 
 she 'd picked up the habit of using the term , but kept the tradition of women in the east , that they were an equal partner in any marriage . 
 which meant she was allowed in the andron . 
 thaïs insisted she was willing to learn from how things were done in greece , but that did n't extend to crescas being allowed a room his wife could n't enter . 
 and come to that , thaïs might say they were equal partners , but it seemed to crescas that he was only her equal when she let him be . 
 althea was sitting on the floor , banging a carved lion against a model ship . 
 the lion was probably bigger . 
 children 's toys did n't seem to make much sense . 
 `` supper is ready , '' thaïs greeted . 
 she kissed him , and for a moment he forgot all about his daughter in the taste of her lips , and the yellow sunfall of her hair . 
 all the years of work had brought him a respectable standard of living , with a servant of his own and plenty of good food , but the prize he treasured most was thaïs . 
 his hands itched for a tiller sometimes , and his eyes squinted against the glare of a sea he had n't faced for years , but the thought of thaïs stopped the itch and settled him heart . 
 if only for a few days . 
 and then a few days more , and more , and here he still was , enjoying his life while other men faced pirates and storms for him . 
 he was hungry , he realised . 
 `` good . 
 are we eating alone , or will we have a woman from the dressmaker 's guild to entertain ? 
 again ? '' 
 `` just the family , '' she said , still in his arms . 
 `` though any more quips like that , husband , and you can eat downstairs -- alone . '' 
 `` point taken , '' he said . 
 a greek wife would n't say such a thing to her husband . 
 crescas would be so bored . 
 althea stopped hitting lion against ship when he crouched down beside her , and regarded him from huge blue eyes . 
 her mother 's eyes , in fact ; she had thaïs ' hair as well , but she 'd inherited crescas ' nose . 
 a bit unfortunate , that . 
 she was beautiful anyway , and crescas prayed every night that she grow up more beautiful still . 
 his prayers went to aphrodite of greece and arinna of troy alike . 
 there was no sense in choosing one and ignoring the other . 
 supper was chicken in garlic , served with eggs and figs , and slabs of honeyed bread . 
 thaïs brought the plates herself , and they took turns feeding althea , who loved eggs but stubbornly shut her lips against figs . 
 she ate some chicken but then coughed it back out again , mysteriously mixed with an odd green liquid . 
 crescas and thaïs were used to that sort of thing by now and just wiped the mess up before going on with the meal . 
 if you let a baby 's horrible habits put you off food you 'd starve in a month . 
 half an hour later althea 's eyelids were drooping , and crescas carried her downstairs to bed while thaïs stacked the plates for washing in the morning . 
 then , finally , there was time to pull his boots off and relax on the divan , a glass of heavily watered wine on the table and a dish of raisins at his elbow . 
 thaïs sat beside him , her eyes half-closed . 
 she looked very tired . 
 `` althea was difficult today ? '' 
 he asked . 
 thaïs nodded . 
 `` she gets frustrated that she ca n't explain what she wants . 
 it will only be a few weeks until she starts talking , i think , but until then she 's going to be bad-tempered . '' 
 `` you could leave her with the maid . '' 
 `` i know i could leave her with the maid , '' she said irritably . 
 `` but i want to be there for her first word . '' 
 so did crescas , actually , but that was n't likely unless he was very lucky . 
 he was away most days , either down at the bay checking over a ship , or overseeing the arrival or departure of a caravan from the trojan road . 
 when he managed to find time away from those things , the warehouse needed to be watched over , and there were always notaries to consult . 
 once they 'd loaned him money to finance his plans : now he kept his money with them , and they fawned over him in gratitude . 
 he did n't trust them fully , though . 
 there was a bag of gold rings buried under the ground floor , just in case they cheated him . 
 `` i heard a story in the market this morning , '' thaïs began , but she never got to tell crescas what it was . 
 someone knocked on the door three times , quite hard , and she sighed . 
 `` that 's eteon , '' she said . 
 `` i recognise the way he raps . '' 
 crescas doubted that , but his short marriage had already taught him there were some things a wise husband just did n't say . 
 he pushed himself up from the divan and went to open the door , and found eteon standing there in the dark . 
 he did n't need to turn around to know his wife was looking satisfied . 
 `` trouble , boss , '' eteon said . 
 domestic concerns vanished . 
 `` what trouble ? 
 is the ship all right ? '' 
 `` nereid borne is fine , '' the factor said . 
 `` but there 's trouble in the palace . 
 can i come in for a moment ? '' 
 crescas stood aside to let him pass . 
 eteon stopped just inside , so he did n't track dust and whatever else might be on the streets of troy at this late hour through the house . 
 he bowed slightly . 
 `` lady thaïs . '' 
 she nodded her head . 
 `` eteon . 
 i 'd like you better if you did n't interrupt my husband quite so often . '' 
 `` i apologise , '' he smiled . 
 eteon knew her well enough to realise she was n't really complaining . 
 `` but this is important . 
 crescas , there 's word from the palace . 
 priam is going to increase duties on the trojan road for all argive goods and merchants . 
 it will be announced tomorrow . '' 
 `` all of them ? '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` by how much ? '' 
 `` by half , '' eteon said . 
 crescas nearly yelped . 
 a fifty per cent increase would be impossible for most greek traders , they could n't pay that and still maintain enough profit . 
 it would shut greek goods out of the euxine market completely as well ; they would n't be able to reach that huge , rich market . 
 sales of their wine and olive oil would fall , their pottery and bronze work , emery and marble figurines . 
 they would n't be able to buy colchian grain or salt fish . 
 prices of indian lapis lazuli would soar , and of pepper and faience too . 
 greece was going to be hurt by this . 
 so might he be , too . 
 any merchant who did n't adapt fast enough was going to suffer . 
 `` does it include greeks living in troy ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it might . '' 
 eteon shrugged . 
 `` diomedes is king of argolis , '' crescas muttered , annoyed , `` but he is n't my king . 
 i 've been here ten years and people still call me an argive . '' 
 `` they always will , '' eteon said . 
 `` this is all because of hesione , is n't it ? '' 
 he asked , exasperated . 
 `` it always comes back to her , and that bad crow telamon . '' 
 `` i expect so , '' eteon said . 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 he supposed it did n't . 
 not to him , at any rate . 
 this was going to ruin his profits ; roughly half of the business he did involved the trojan road , one way or the other . 
 except , he realised , that he might not be included in the new tax . 
 he was an argive by birth , but a trojan by choice . 
 he 'd even married a woman from the city , had a trojan daughter with her . 
 it should be possible to argue that the new duty did n't apply to him . 
 then he remembered the hittite in his warehouse earlier , and the offer from the royal treasury to pay weight for weight in silver , in return for iron . 
 he dug a hand in the pocket of his shirt and pulled out the token of the stylised horse . 
 priam would have to give him some leeway , surely . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said to thaïs , `` but i think i have to go to the palace , before they all go to sleep up there . '' 
 `` of course you do , '' she said . 
 `` take eteon . 
 i do n't want you walking the streets alone at night . '' 
 he did n't want to walk the streets in the dark at all , but there was no help for it . 
 he snagged his cloak from behind the door and swung it around his shoulders . 
 the bitter north wind had faded for the moment , but it could return quickly . 
 crescas tugged his boots on and went back to the door . 
 `` i 'll leave a light on , '' thaïs promised . 
 he would have kissed her , except that eteon was there . 
 instead crescas just nodded , and went out into the trojan dark . 
 chapter nine three-eyed rats sometimes his mind went back , all the way to his adolescence , when he 'd been too young a youth to be allowed to join the hunt in thessaly . 
 he 'd seen hunts before that , of course , even taken part in some , though never with so dangerous a foe as the great boar in the woods that day . 
 never so far from home , either . 
 his father had wanted him to go so he could meet the other young lordlings of greece , the men who would lead and shape it in years to come . 
 `` ithaca is small , '' laertes had said . 
 `` alone we will be overwhelmed , or at best forgotten , by the rising flood that is greece . 
 you 'll need friends if you 're to help this kingdom flourish , my son . '' 
 well , odysseus had friends , though not as many as his father would have liked , and perhaps not the right ones . 
 nestor was a man he trusted , but the king of messenia was approaching sixty now , and hardly an ally for the future . 
 he liked menestheus in attica too ; theseus ' successor was a clever man , behind the square jaw and goatee beard . 
 he seemed like a typical greek warrior until he spoke , in that slow thoughtful way he had , but he was a good deal more . 
 so , few friends , but at least odysseus had avoided making enemies . 
 he 'd become quite good at sitting in some grim hall and smiling in the midst of stupidity or outright boorishness . 
 most of the greek kings were one of those things , or both , at least some of the time . 
 schedius , agapenor , leonteus ; they were all guilty . 
 but the worst by far were telamon and the atreide brothers , agamemnon and menelaus , men who understood nothing but pride and sheer force . 
 odysseus hated spending time with them , but he had to . 
 that was just the reality of life as the king of a small island . 
 the truth was that odysseus was more comfortable in the east , in one of the cities that dotted the coast . 
 he did n't like to go too far inland : ithacans were coastal folk , born with the sea in their bones . 
 that still left plenty of choices . 
 ephesus in caria , with the pillared library facing the sea ; or miletos , rich with minoan reliefs and murals brought by the refugees from that poor , broken culture . 
 he might go to one of those before he turned for home , or to both , if time and weather allowed . 
 it had been a long time since they did . 
 for now he would settle for halicarnassus . 
 it was three years since he 'd sailed into the harbour here too , a deep bay protected by arching breakwaters of stone filled with sand . 
 since then an island had been added at the end of one pier , with a fortress built on top , two tiers of high walls studded with towers . 
 anyone trying to raid into halicarnassus would pay a high price now . 
 odysseus wondered how much it had cost , and why the king had bothered . 
 piracy was always a problem on the greensea , but reavers never struck at a city this big . 
 that castle could only be aimed at stopping fleets of raiders , and that must mean the greeks . 
 he pondered that as his ship eased deeper into the bay . 
 it was unsettling , to see how great the fear of greek attack had become , even as far away as halicarnassus . 
 the whole aegean lay between here and greece . 
 and if halicarnassus had done this , what had others done ? 
 what might they do in the future ? 
 the thought brought his mind back to thessaly , to the boar hunt . 
 to antenor asking for the return of hesione to troy , and telamon 's furious , blustering refusal to even consider it . 
 that had been odysseus ' first taste of the greed in the nature of the greeks . 
 they took what they were strong enough to seize -- women , wealth , land -- simply because they could . 
 they had never wanted to learn to live alongside equals . 
 to them a man dominated , or he failed . 
 they gave nothing back . 
 nothing . 
 not unless it was wrenched from their hands . 
 once ashore , he and eliade made their way into the streets , leaving the crew to unload and find buyers for the cargo . 
 wool and carpets this time , as so often , since it was mostly what ithaca had . 
 but it was good wool and carpets , as good as those from troy odysseus thought , and much less expensive . 
 there were some who would buy trojan anyway , just for the name , but many more bought ithacan . 
 he 'd learned to be happy with that . 
 halicarnassus was built on a steep hillside behind the bay . 
 there was flatter land just to the side , but it was marshy and prone to flooding , and anyway wet ground meant disease in summer heat . 
 as it was , the marsh served as a defence for the city , a flea-infested moat two hundred yards wide . 
 on the other sides of the city the wall was taller and towers more frequent , and another fortress sat at the top of the hill , guarding the approaches . 
 that one was n't new , but squinting up at it odysseus thought it had been extended , and the walls built higher . 
 halicarnassus was being very careful . 
 houses in the city were built in rows along the line of the hill , with streets zigzagging their way between them in tight switchbacks . 
 almost all were built of fired bricks and painted in pastel colours , pale blues and yellows and greens , bright in the sunshine . 
 window boxes were filled with herbs , rooftops planted with them or else home to clucking chickens . 
 once odysseus saw a beehive up there and shook his head in admiration . 
 ithaca was too windy to try the same thing , its rooftops too exposed to storms , but he had to like the ingenuity . 
 `` where first ? '' 
 eliade asked . 
 odysseus had thought about that , as he thought about everything , and had his answer ready . 
 `` the agora . 
 i want to get a feel for the situation here before we start talking to people . '' 
 the marketplace of halicarnassus was unique , as far as he knew . 
 because of the steepness of the hillside it was built in a series of tiers , each one more than a yard above the next and reached by means of wide steps . 
 sometimes there was only room for a single row of stalls before the ground fell away again . 
 that made it hard for wagons to reach there , and servants or debt slaves had to carry goods in and out by hand , trying not to drop or break anything as they did . 
 it made the place crowded too , shoppers forced together in tight streams at the steps , so odysseus tied his money bag on the thong around his neck and tucked it into his chiton before he reached the first stall . 
 the agora was full , of course . 
 it always was , at a major city like halicarnassus , with the greensea on one side and the roads into anatolia on the other . 
 most of the merchants sold everyday goods ; grain from the interior or from overseas , figs and olives , raisins and wine and wool . 
 all things which could be found almost anywhere , though not always of a good quality . 
 he was n't much interested in that , honestly . 
 if ithaca needed imports she could find them on her own side of the sea , and for less money too . 
 odysseus was looking for goods from inland , even from far india , brought on wagon trains from the east . 
 he found it scattered among the stalls , some here and some across the market . 
 ivory at a ridiculous price , one he could beat with ease if he voyaged to egypt , and at that cost he would . 
 a ragtag little stall near the bottom edge of the agora offered faience pottery , beautifully glazed , even better than the clear finish the trojans used . 
 if he could figure out how that glaze was made odysseus would make ithaca rich at a stroke . 
 but nobody knew , and so the prices were extortionate , though no worse today than he 'd expected . 
 he did like the intricate paintwork of eastern faience though , and had once bought a set of plates for penelope . 
 she 'd exclaimed over them , and love for the next few nights had been as good as it ever was , but then she wrapped the plates in linen and odysseus had never seen them since , even when they had guests . 
 women were odd . 
 people said odysseus was clever , but he was never going to understand females . 
 on another side of the market he found two stalls next to each other , one selling lapis lazuli jewellery at quite reasonable prices . 
 decent quality too , as far as odysseus could judge . 
 he haggled with the merchant for a while , trying to see how far he could argue him down . 
 adjacent to that was a trader selling carved figurines , none more than two inches high , allegedly made by holy men in far persia and imbibed with mysterious eastern magics . 
 throw them on the soil of a fresh grave , the seller claimed , and any curse you invoke or prayer you make will be answered favourably , guaranteed . 
 `` are you really doing this ? '' 
 eliade asked , as odysseus argued prices with the carian merchant . 
 `` i seem to be , '' he answered . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` they do n't work , '' eliade said , as though talking to an idiot . 
 odysseus broke off the haggling to frown at him . 
 `` i know they do n't work . 
 other people believe they do work , and will buy them . 
 besides , i 'm not really interested in the figurines , as such . '' 
 `` then why are you bickering with him ? '' 
 `` because i 'm interested that the figures are here , '' odysseus replied , `` and i want to know what it cost to bring them . '' 
 he went back to arguing with the seller , who eventually grew so angry that he threw a figure at odysseus and stalked off to the other end of his stall , where another customer had been watching the discussion with increasing amusement . 
 eliade snatched the model out of the air and pocketed it , unseen . 
 `` i thought you do n't believe they work , '' odysseus said . 
 eliade grinned . 
 `` other people believe they do , and will pay for it . '' 
 he had to laugh . 
 they spent half the afternoon crossing to and fro across the market , checking prices on every product they could think of . 
 even trojan wool , and egyptian animal hides , not that there was much of either . 
 the hides in particular were ruinously expensive . 
 odysseus ' father had owned a leopard hide rug once , complete with head , taken on a raid when laertes was young , but it had worn out long ago . 
 odysseus had never replaced it . 
 wool was what ithaca made ; it looked bad if even the king did n't use it on his floor . 
 `` i think i see , '' eliade said finally . 
 they were standing by a stall selling herbs and spices from the east , including tiny pots of pepper for a silver ring each . 
 odysseus knew it was no good haggling over that price : pepper was , literally , worth its weight in gold . 
 `` you 're working out trade routes , are n't you ? 
 what travels which roads , and what it costs . '' 
 `` yes , '' odysseus said . 
 `` we came here from ithaca just to study mercantile methods ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` troy , '' odysseus told him . 
 * it was obvious to anyone with eyes what priam was going to do . 
 he had been asking for his sister 's return for over twenty years . 
 first politely , directly , as that day in thessaly while the boar roasted over a fire . 
 then with subtle threats of stronger action , if nothing was done . 
 agents from troy came to talk with kings alone , rather than at a gathering ; to nestor in pylos , or menestheus in athens , diomedes in argos . 
 usually the agent was antenor , though he did n't seem to enjoy the duty very much . 
 none of it had worked . 
 hesione had borne a son to telamon early in her captivity , proof for the whole world that she was not merely a trophy captive but was brought to his bed when the mood took him . 
 dragged to it , odysseus had heard , though he did n't know if the information was reliable . 
 he could believe it easily enough . 
 telamon was that sort of man . 
 there had been no children since , but nothing either to indicate that anything had changed . 
 she might still be forced to telamon 's bed , for all that priam knew . 
 the knowledge must have burned in his veins like acid , all these years . 
 and slowly the threats had grown less veiled , the language used blunter , as priam 's patience finally ran thin . 
 now he was going to do what the threats had suggested he would , and raise duties on the trojan road . 
 for all the greeks , probably , even those kings who 'd shown a degree of empathy for hesione 's plight . 
 odysseus , watching events from his eyrie on ithaca , had become almost sure of it by spring . 
 a conversation with nestor had revealed the old man thinking the same thing , and for odysseus that removed the last doubts . 
 he knew his own mind , and trusted it , but nestor had been clever for longer than odysseus had been alive . 
 when he formed an opinion , it was wise to listen to him . 
 if trade through troy was about to become impossible , then greece needed other sources of supply . 
 odysseus could n't arrange that -- but he could make provision for ithaca . 
 `` i 'm interested principally in wheat , '' he said . 
 the merchant across the table nodded . 
 `` i have good contacts in lycia . 
 i can get you wheat . '' 
 `` three hundred amphorae a month , '' odysseus said . 
 `` paid for by myself , and by nestor of messenia . '' 
 `` not by traders ? '' 
 `` we are traders , '' he said . 
 `` have it brought to the harbour here , in halicarnassus . 
 either ithacan or messenian ships will collect it in the first week after each new moon . '' 
 the two men were sitting in a roof garden , at a table in the shade of a citron tree . 
 a tree , for artemis ' sake , on a rooftop . 
 the easterners certainly knew what luxury was . 
 they had a bowl of raisins between them , and jugs of wine and water . 
 both men had used more of the water than the wine . 
 you needed a clear head when you were trying to make deals . 
 the merchant , whose name was nashuja , leaned back in his chair . 
 `` and your price ? '' 
 `` that depends on you . 
 we can pay in wool , wholly or in part , if you prefer . 
 nestor could offer goat 's cheese , or perhaps olives . '' 
 `` i 'd like payment in coin . '' 
 odysseus nodded . 
 `` very well . 
 nestor and i believe a price of two silvers per amphora is fair . '' 
 `` two ? '' 
 nashuja guffawed . 
 `` please do n't waste my time . 
 you make that offer knowing it 's much too low . '' 
 `` i never expect the first offer to be accepted , '' he said , smiling . 
 `` if you habitually make it such a poor one , i am not surprised , '' the lycian replied . 
 `` come , now . 
 two silvers covers the transport costs from inland , but only just . 
 it 's a derisory offer . '' 
 odysseus sighed . 
 `` my friend , the transport costs are minimal . 
 all you have to do is maintain a wagon , feed the ox that pulls it and pay a driver and a guard . 
 the total expense is between two and three silvers for a trip from the interior to the coast here . 
 there are eighteen amphorae in each cart . 
 that means , simply , that the cost of transport is one silver for six amphorae . '' 
 `` there are hidden costs , '' the merchant began . 
 `` no , there are not , '' odysseus broke in . 
 `` my friend eliade has factored in the risks of broken wheels and outlaws . 
 we do transport goods by road in greece , you know . 
 we 're aware of the perils . '' 
 `` you 're a tough bargainer , '' nashuja grumbled . 
 `` i 'm from ithaca . 
 we do n't have much coin , so we like to know it will be worth it before we spend . '' 
 nashuja knew that , of course . 
 he and odysseus had dealt with each other before , though never on an agreement as large as this one . 
 he was a good businessman , a good fellow overall , though not half as canny as he thought he was . 
 what passed for guile in halicarnassus would mark a man as foolish in troy . 
 the hagglers in that city could take your money , goods and clothes , and still make you grateful to be naked . 
 when negotiating with them odysseus never drank any wine at all . 
 it was the same on naxos , the little island in the aegean dominated by marble quarries that had chewed holes in the hillsides . 
 it sat roughly in the middle of a triangle formed by greece to the west , anatolia in the east and crete to the south , so trading ships stopped there whichever way they were sailing . 
 sometimes the captains decided to sell their cargoes on naxos rather than carry them the extra distance . 
 when they did they took a slightly lower price , setting that off against the time saved , which could then be used to ship more goods . 
 it was the gift of naxos middlemen that they could talk those captains into selling at just a little less than they wanted to , again and again . 
 `` two silvers and six coppers , '' odysseus said after a moment . 
 `` for the full three hundred amphorae , that totals seven hundred and fifty in silver . 
 it 's a lot of money , nashuja . '' 
 the merchant grimaced . 
 `` ithacan pig-shagger . 
 two and six is n't enough . 
 three silvers . '' 
 `` no . 
 too much . '' 
 `` why do you want the grain , anyway ? '' 
 nashuja asked . 
 `` ithaca never needed it before . 
 or messenia , either . '' 
 `` rats , '' odysseus said , straight-faced . 
 if he told the truth , that the trojan supply route might become untenable , nashuja would push up the price without stopping to think . 
 `` we have a terrible rat problem in greece . 
 they 've eaten through most of our stores . '' 
 `` rats ? '' 
 `` great big ones . 
 with three eyes , and teeth that can chew through stone . '' 
 `` hmm , '' nashuja said . 
 `` life on ithaca must be harder than i thought . 
 either that , or you 're stringing me along . '' 
 `` only a little , '' odysseus said . 
 `` all right . 
 two silver and nine copper , but that 's as high as i 'll go , nashuja . 
 if you ca n't meet me on that price i 'll look for someone else who will . '' 
 `` agreed , '' nashuja said . 
 `` i 'll send one of my aides to discuss the details . 
 should he talk to your man eliade ? '' 
 `` that would be best . '' 
 `` pleasure doing business with you , '' nashuja said . 
 halicarnassus was not a dangerous city , and odysseus walked back to the rented house alone . 
 he was n't surprised to find eliade absent . 
 the younger man had a taste for outland women that he usually satisfied when he was overseas , by charming a woman into bed if he could , or paying a girl when he had to . 
 he claimed anatolian women were the best lovers of all . 
 odysseus could n't see why that should be true , but if eliade was happy it was n't really anyone else 's business . 
 odysseus poured himself a cup of wine , with less water this time , and went to drink it on the balcony . 
 he sat and watched the sun set over the bay , thinking as he drank . 
 his next stop was egypt , to secure a second source of grain if he could . 
 wheat there was more expensive than here , and it had to be brought from further away , which made it worse . 
 but halicarnassus was close to troy , politically . 
 if priam 's trade sanctions led to something more serious , the lycians might side with him against greece , and the supply odysseus had just arranged would be lost . 
 egypt , further away and more powerful , did n't care two figs for policy in troy . 
 a supply from there would be safer . 
 odysseus could n't rid himself of the fear that it would be needed . 
 he felt as though there was a chasm in front of his feet , and soon enough he 'd find himself sliding helplessly into it , with all the rest of the greeks tumbling down beside him . 
 chapter ten words of an owl troy raised duties on all argive goods on its roads , eleven days after odysseus signed a trade agreement in egypt . 
 the higher transit tax came into effect immediately . 
 ship captains sailing into the bay of troy found themselves faced with a price they had n't expected , or planned for . 
 turning around was n't an option ; they had bought their goods with troy in mind , and would make less money elsewhere . 
 besides , they would only be wasting time . 
 those who could pay , did so . 
 others were forced to hand over a tenth of their cargoes in lieu of payment . 
 wagon masters reaching troy had even less choice . 
 confronted with extortionate fees at the toll posts , it was inevitable that some of the traders would turn violent . 
 they were argives , after all . 
 priam had expected that though , and placed soldiers there to enforce the law ; scamandrians in lacquered red and black , palladians in cuirasses of bright yellow . 
 the trouble did n't last long . 
 a few people were bound and carried away , a few more had an arm or hand broken by the haft of a spear to encourage civility . 
 one brawl left three men dead , and buried in small cairns beside the road . 
 crescas heard the news in his warehouse and shared a tight smile with eteon . 
 they 'd managed to secure a meeting with ucalegon in the pergamos , and been assured that the new duties did not apply to an argive who had left his home for troy . 
 not one who had married a trojan woman , and especially not one who was supplying iron to the city 's new hittite smith . 
 crescas was well aware of the anger the fees would cause , and knew it might lead to more than a handful of deaths on the trojan road . 
 but it did n't affect him . 
 not yet at least , and that was enough for the moment . 
 mursili heard it too , though his command of luwian was still poor enough that he was n't sure at first what he was being told . 
 something about prices , he knew that , and people being attacked on the road east of the city . 
 it was n't until the afternoon that he could put everything together well enough to understand what had happened . 
 even then he did n't see what reason there was for the king to do this . 
 in hattusa tax hikes on a single group were a weapon of punishment . 
 when he talked with his new friend phereclus , in a tavern later that evening , he realised that was exactly the point . 
 phereclus himself had heard the news down at the bay , where he was supervising the construction of seven new ships . 
 troy had never had a navy of its own ; had never needed one , in truth , with argives and others sailing the greensea for them . 
 but priam thought it was time for that to change . 
 if troy had her own ships she could keep prices down , and perhaps in time also train archers and spearmen to fight from the decks , the way the argives did . 
 phereclus had been brought all the way from colchis to make that possible . 
 he heard about the taxes and frowned , pushing a hand through hair the wind had already strewn around his head . 
 one problem with ships was that they did go missing between ports , even when the weather was mild . 
 pirates , mistakes , even plain bad luck could see a ship holed , and unable to reach land in time . 
 rivals could sink a lone vessel in the knowledge that they could n't be blamed for it , not with certainty ... and the argives had a lot of ships . 
 a lot . 
 if they were angry enough , this new little fleet of phereclus ' might see the bottom of the sea rather sooner than he would like . 
 news reached the stables down by the scaean gate , at the southern end of the city . 
 `` will the argives attack us ? '' 
 tanith asked . 
 troilus was rubbing down a newly-tamed mare . 
 she was still skittish around new people , and would snort and stamp if any hand but troilus ' touched her . 
 `` how would i know ? '' 
 `` they would break their spears on our walls and sail home weeping , '' tanith said , with more confidence than she felt . 
 the argives frightened her . 
 every time word came of another raid on some far-off coast , carried out by the terrifying myrmidons and their dread captain perhaps , she trembled inside . 
 but troy was too strong , its walls too high , surely . 
 surely . 
 `` i expect so , '' troilus said . 
 `` you really have n't heard anything ? '' 
 `` i spend more time in these stables than i do in the pergamos , '' he said . 
 `` taxes and politics have never interested me . '' 
 `` what does interest you ? '' 
 she struck a pose as she spoke , knowing he 'd see her from the side of his eye . 
 when she worked she wore a short , simple dress , tight-fitting at the bodice and cut lower that trojan dresses usually were . 
 it was rather like an argive chiton , in fact . 
 it showed off her figure well . 
 troilus turned his head slightly and grinned , but he did n't stop rubbing down the mare . 
 `` horses , '' he said . 
 horses interested tanith too . 
 she 'd grown up around them back in phrygia , and taken the chance to come to troy because the best animals in the world were here . 
 everyone knew it . 
 she 'd uprooted her life to work with these horses , but still , she was n't as passionate as troilus was . 
 not about horses , anyway . 
 about him ... but that was not a thought she ought to be having . 
 he was a prince , she an outland stable girl . 
 she 'd take what he gave her , and try to be happy with it . 
 `` say that again , '' she said , striving for a light tone , `` and i 'll upend this bucket of manure on your head , i swear i will . '' 
 he finished with the mare and left the stall , taking care to bolt the door behind him before he turned to tanith . 
 when he did he crossed the distance to her in a stride . 
 he picked her up -- she was small , had never really gained weight -- and kissed her soundly . 
 there was hay in his hair . 
 `` i locked the door , '' she said breathlessly , when their lips parted . 
 `` would n't matter if you had n't , '' he said . 
 he carried her into an empty stall and knelt on the floor , so she could lie back onto a pile of straw . 
 she was already pulling at his shirt . 
 he rucked her dress up around her hips and she grabbed his head so she could kiss him , and shortly afterwards forgot all about the argives , and taxes , and everything but her prince . 
 * the prince 's brother was several miles away , sitting at a campfire as afternoon faded into evening . 
 three fat , red-breasted geese hung on spits over the flames . 
 a fair return for half a day 's hunting , though less than they 'd hoped for . 
 these wooded slopes in the upper simois valley usually teemed with game , everything from boars and wild goats to leopards , but today they 'd seen nothing . 
 only old spoor , long since dried out , and the remnants of tracks almost worn away by the summer wind . 
 hector had been hoping to find a leopard , if he was honest . 
 a brush with danger would have fitted his mood perfectly . 
 `` so what do you think ? '' 
 lycaon asked . 
 it was unusual for lycaon to be home long enough to join a hunt . 
 most often he was off sailing somewhere , in a galley he 'd bought from an argive and crewed with men from all over . 
 trojans , lydians , a couple of phoenicians ; even an egyptian , a man with the blackest skin hector had ever seen . 
 all of them must have sailed to their homes since then , probably more than once . 
 lycaon had seen things hector knew he never would , from the cypriot copper mines to the strange pyramids that rose out of the sand in egypt . 
 but lycaon was married now , to a member of the hittite royal line no less , albeit a fairly remote cousin . 
 marriage changed a man , changed the way he lived . 
 hector knew that for himself now . 
 he loved to hunt , felt more at home outdoors than in the streets of a city , but part of him now longed to be home , where andromache was . 
 where half his heart was . 
 `` i think father has tried everything else , '' he said . 
 `` the argives deserve it . 
 maybe now they 'll see sense . '' 
 `` that 's right , '' pandarus said . 
 he turned the spits and fat sputtered . 
 the smell of the birds was driving hector mad . 
 `` and really , what are they going to do ? 
 attack troy ? '' 
 he chortled , as though that was a great joke . 
 probably it was . 
 troy 's mighty walls , and her position on the ridge above the plain , made it almost impossible to attack . 
 even so , the surrounding area might be threatened , even seized , which would be a disaster anyway . 
 the horses would be lost the moment that happened . 
 it had taken a hundred years to build up those herds ; it would take a hundred more to replace them , if they were lost . 
 and to what point ? 
 once the argives had trojan bloodstock they could sell it around the world , and no one would ever need to buy from troy again . 
 pandarus did n't understand that . 
 he was lord of zeleia , the growing city in the scamander valley , halfway to mount ida . 
 zeleia did n't have a coastline , or a hinterland threatened by raiders . 
 the only way into that valley was either over the peaks or through the gorge , and the routes were watched . 
 that made pandarus more confident than he should be . 
 he was a good man to have around though , one of only two warriors who could stand against hector and meet him blow for blow -- more or less . 
 whenever hector 's spirits flagged pandarus was there , as full of energy and spirit as ever . 
 and yet he was nagged by unease , over this business with greeks and taxes . 
 the argives would be mad to attack troy , but hector could n't shake the worry that they might . 
 `` no argive kingdom is strong enough to challenge us , '' lycaon said . 
 `` and they ca n't work together anyway . 
 i 've visited enough of their halls to know . 
 whenever two kings meet they bicker over something . 
 it might be trade , or borders , or women , '' his mouth tightened , as though he was thinking of hesione , `` or who the gods love best . 
 but they do n't work together in warfare . '' 
 `` they have a high king now , '' hector murmured . 
 `` and what difference has that made ? '' 
 pandarus demanded . 
 `` how many times has their high king led all the argives into war ? '' 
 he never had , of course . 
 agamemnon was a surly sort of man , by all accounts , long on intimidation but short of subtlety and tact . 
 and the other greek kings did n't like having an overlord , and took every opportunity to show that they were more than agamemnon 's lackeys . 
 it did n't make for stability . 
 agamemnon seemed to spend most of his time trying to prevent his subject kings from smashing one another into pieces over some minor disagreement ; and even then , the kings fought in a constant series of minor raids against each other . 
 nothing short of the end of the world seemed likely to end it . 
 that was the argives for you . 
 they knew how to fight , by the gods they did , but they did n't know how to stop . 
 they had conquered their way across the aegean and beyond , but when they met their match they would have no other gift to turn to , no other way to live . 
 they would fail , and night would fill their eyes as they died , and were forgotten . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 hector asked the fourth man . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 he looked up , a tall lean man with thoughtful hazel eyes . 
 `` it does n't matter what i think . '' 
 `` how can you say that ? '' 
 hector asked , surprised . 
 `` it always matters . 
 father always asks you , aeneas . '' 
 `` not this time , '' he said . 
 `` the decision was made without me . 
 as is priam 's right . '' 
 he hesitated . 
 `` what i think ... is that this is dangerous . 
 the argives do n't like to be challenged . 
 it makes them angry . '' 
 `` abducting our women makes us trojans angry , '' pandarus growled . 
 `` especially royal women . '' 
 `` with reason , '' aeneas murmured . 
 `` i 'm not defending the greeks , my friends . 
 lycaon here can journey to their halls if he likes , but i 've no stomach for it myself . 
 if i want to watch half-educated beasts fight over the table i can let my dogs into the supper hall . '' 
 hector grinned . 
 aeneas was the other man who could stand toe to toe with him and not back up , and he liked him even better than he did pandarus . 
 there was more intelligence behind the slim man 's words , more consideration than pandarus could match . 
 that was why priam took him into his confidence so often . 
 but not today , apparently . 
 he had n't counselled aeneas before deciding to raise the taxes . 
 hector found that surprising . 
 when he was king , he was going to make aeneas his main advisor . 
 it would take him away from dardanos of course , and that would need to be dealt with , but hector would find a way . 
 he 'd have to . 
 aeneas was too clever to be allowed to dither away in that little town . 
 `` but i wonder if this course of action is wise , '' aeneas went on . 
 `` to be blunt , hesione is one woman . 
 what 's been done to her is monstrous , it 's appalling -- but still , it has happened to one woman . 
 and it has happened , my friends . 
 nothing we or the king of troy can do will change that . '' 
 `` we can bring her back , '' lycaon said . 
 `` but we can not undo the last twenty years , '' aeneas said . 
 `` what we can do , however , is embroil troy in a dispute with no resolution , for the sake of a woman we can no longer save . 
 if hesione comes back to troy it wo n't be home to her any longer . 
 she 'll hardly know the city . 
 and priam , for all his love for her , will hardly recognise her . 
 she 's no longer the sister he remembers . '' 
 `` so you think we should abandon her ? '' 
 pandarus demanded . 
 aeneas regarded him calmly . 
 `` i think she was abandoned twenty years ago . 
 the time for direct action was then . '' 
 `` you think the argives will attack us , '' hector said . 
 the others fell silent as he spoke . 
 `` do n't you ? '' 
 `` i think the argives are argives , '' aeneas answered . 
 he stared into the fire . 
 `` nobody knows what they 'll do until they do it . 
 least of all them . 
 but it will probably be mad , and dangerous , and foolish . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` never mind . 
 the dice have been thrown , they 're rolling now , and there 's nothing we can do but wait to see how they land . '' 
 aeneas was uneasy too . 
 hector thought there should have been comfort in that , of a strange kind to be sure , but still . 
 every man likes to know his fears are not mere creations of his own mind . 
 in the event , hearing them spoken by aeneas only made hector more concerned . 
 he did n't know what to say . 
 the four of them sat in silence for some time , staring at the flames or the stars , each lost in his own thoughts . 
 `` the geese are done , '' pandarus said finally . 
 they took them down from the spits and shared them onto four plates , and then sat and ate as the stars wheeled , and owls began to talk above them . 
 * word reached nestor too , in his palace in pylos . 
 he had expected it , even planned for it with odysseus , and made what preparations he could . 
 he did n't know if they would be enough . 
 the new taxes on the trojan road would n't merely hurt , they 'd make it all but impossible for greeks to trade with the nations of the euxine sea at all . 
 merchants would lose their businesses , shops and traders their supplies . 
 nestor had already set aside a fifth of his treasury to help support small tradesmen through the troubles , through a variety of tax reductions and specially funded market fairs . 
 but he knew all that , the work had been done a long time ago . 
 he did n't need to dwell on it now . 
 the news made him restless , though . 
 nestor went out into the gardens , then back inside to prowl around the kitchens for a while . 
 he nibbled at a plate of figs , but left a cup of kykeon untouched ; he did n't need wine now , even honeyed . 
 not in this mood . 
 the servants , as familiar with the king 's temperament as anyone , kept out of his way . 
 he wandered back outside again and finally , as the maids and butlers had known he would , he found himself upstairs in his bed chamber , the room he 'd shared with his wife through so very many years . 
 there was nobody there . 
 of course not ; the servants would have been advised to find something else to do . 
 nestor put it out of his mind and went to the balcony , looking out over the sea while a breeze filled the air with spray and the tang of salt . 
 `` it 's happened , eurydice , '' he said . 
 `` as we thought it would . '' 
 his dead wife made no reply , unsurprisingly . 
 though there were times when nestor would swear on his own soul that he heard her , just a whisper in wind or in the rustle of a bed sheet . 
 usually at night , when the world was sleeping and the air hung quiet and heavy . 
 still , when he talked to her it was only ever his own voice nestor heard . 
 he supposed he did so because he always had , when they were married , and that had been for a long time . 
 thirty years . 
 he had n't been ready to let her go . 
 strange , the things people did , to deal with grief . 
 nestor 's mind tugged on that thought and then followed it , and was led to tyndareus of laconia , helen 's father , dead these five years . 
 tyndareus had n't coped well when castor died . 
 grief had broken him , in truth . 
 until then he 'd been a typical greek king , all swagger and the threat of force , convinced he could bend even the fates to his will . 
 he 's a fighter , that boy of mine , he 'd said in thessaly , after the boar had snapped castor 's leg like a toothpick . 
 as though by bravado , by sheer strength of will , he could browbeat destiny into letting his son live . 
 he 'd failed , and after the loss tyndareus withdrew , shrivelled into himself , becoming wrinkled and worn in the space of one winter . 
 he clung to life for a long time after that , but nestor had never been quite sure why the fates did n't take him too . 
 tyndareus had decided he had nothing to live for . 
 every morning he awoke without his son was torment . 
 castor 's death made helen a prize for the princes of greece to fight over . 
 her only brother was dead , her only sister already married to agamemnon in mycenae . 
 helen was now heir to laconia , to the rivers and hills of that pleasant land , its wealth and the red-cloaked warriors who guarded it . 
 nobles and heroes began to circle like wolves around a lamb . 
 nestor and tyndareus had never been close . 
 but they had fought together , two proud young men riding their chariots into war , throwing their spears at the same enemy . 
 some of the time , anyway . 
 over the years nestor had come to respect the other king . 
 tyndareus might have been an old-style greek , still caught up in the pride and brag of the warrior culture , but he was n't a fool . 
 or he had n't been , until his son died and he fell into self-willed decay , while the wolves crept closer around him . 
 his hand had loosened around his spear haft then , and he had n't the will to close his fingers again . 
 helen must have been wounded too , though she did n't show it . 
 her brother lost , her sister gone away , and her father shrunken and silent . 
 how could that not affect her ? 
 but she carried her scars inside , if scars she bore . 
 all nestor could say was that she seemed content enough with menelaus ; and a good thing , too , because there was no way for her to leave that marriage . 
 not when she had chosen it herself , so publicly . 
 still , he wondered sometimes what her griefs were , and how she coped with them . 
 `` listen to me , '' he told eurydice . 
 `` worrying about another woman 's feelings . 
 you 'd have words for me , i know , if you were here . 
 i do n't even know why i 'm thinking about her . '' 
 he knew how he coped with grief though . 
 he worried for thrasymedes now more than he had since his son was a small boy , toddling through the world with wide eyes and a perpetual smile . 
 mostly there was n't much he could do : young men liked to test their strength , and thrasymedes was going to hunt and spar no matter what nestor might say to him . 
 and he 'd have to , since a king who could n't command the respect of warriors would n't hold his throne for long . 
 nestor could work to hand thrasymedes a wealthy kingdom to rule , though . 
 one stable and at peace . 
 but he could n't help feeling that this news from troy , expected or not , made that a lot less likely . 
 he shook himself and left the room , pausing only to touch his fingers to the headboard of the bed where his wife had lain so often . 
 book two the doves that speak caesura a year , those taxes remained high . 
 a year , while greek merchants struggled under the burden and granaries ran low -- or else treasuries did , as kings spent their wealth on wheat to feed the people . 
 prices rose . 
 farmers liked the extra coin , but then spent it on other goods as everything began to cost more . 
 the bulk of the populace suffered poverty from the start . 
 there were stories of wagons standing abandoned on the trojan road , left by owners who could n't afford the new duties at the toll posts . 
 some were still laden with merchandise . 
 ships that had once plied the aegean back and forth to troy now lay at rest on the beaches of euboea , or pieria , drawn up out of the waves they were built to ride . 
 i travelled from town to town in that time , as a storyteller must . 
 sometimes i told my tales to small audiences , crowded into what passed for a meeting hall ; once it was just a large andron in a private home . 
 other evenings i was in a city , even a capital , and i recited and played for kings . 
 menestheus in athens , then leitus in boeotia ; later schedius in phocis and agamemnon himself , glowering from his throne in mycenae . 
 in the summer i took a ship to crete and played there for idomeneus , at his request . 
 bards and storytellers did n't often make the journey to the hundred towns without an invitation , and the promise of enough silver to make it worthwhile . 
 everywhere i went , there were grumblings about the new taxes . 
 but nobody blamed telamon : that struck me even then , listening . 
 the greeks muttered and cursed , but their curses were for priam and troy . 
 once i recited a tale i 'd written myself , of a foreign princess pining for her home in greek captivity , and i thought my audience would tear me apart . 
 i switched to an old favourite about perseus before that could happen , and never dared again . 
 the people had seen their ease taken away by taxes on the trojan road , and it was troy they accused , and priam . 
 what had been meant to divide the greek princes instead united the common men , against the city which grew fat as their own bellies grew emptier . 
 priam intended the hardship to put pressure on telamon in salamis . 
 he envisioned princes going to the island to plead with hesione 's captor . 
 it worked , in a way . 
 more than one king sent requests for telamon to consider their difficulties . 
 what could one woman matter , they asked , against the welfare of all greece ? 
 telamon never answered , as far as i know . 
 when menestheus went to visit him , and later agapenor , he made sure to be out hunting in the hills , though by then he was so monstrous fat that running was impossible and there was no chariot that could hold him . 
 early the next summer , a magnesian galley tried to pass the hellespont going east , to propontis and the euxine sea beyond . 
 it was caught in the meltemi and driven onto the waiting reefs , its crew killed or left far from home and helpless . 
 three more ships tried a few weeks later , after their captains worked out the cycles of the moon and took several auguries , seeking the blessing of the gods before they set their sails . 
 all were wrecked before they reached the midpoint of the strait . 
 the trojans sent a few survivors back to greece , full of terrible tales of the crashing rocks , and currents that snapped vessels like old bones . 
 no one else tried , after that . 
 jason had taken the argo through , but he 'd had hera on his side , and heracles pulling at an oar . 
 there was no heracles today . 
 i remember the agora in athens that summer , full of angry citizens and shouting merchants . 
 every day it was the same . 
 every day soldiers were sent to restore order , while menestheus fumed in his palace and his treasury shrank . 
 such times are made for the fall of kings . 
 and they know it ; a lord who can not read the mood of his people does n't last long . 
 then the message came from troy . 
 * tyche is a daughter of zeus , one of the many . 
 it is her joy to decide on which mortals to bestow good fortune , heaping gifts from a cornucopia : her joy , too , to deprive others of everything good they have . 
 oft-times she changes her favourites , casting a lucky man into misery and raising an unfortunate to heights undreamed-of . 
 she juggles a ball as she works , sometimes tossing it high , sometimes dropping it to the floor . 
 when that message came to athens we thought tyche had turned her random mood on us . 
 whether our fortunes were to rise or fall we did not know . 
 but we knew chance was in the room at our side . 
 the missive invited menestheus to troy , to discuss the matters of high taxes and the abducted sister . 
 similar overtures had been sent to nestor in pylos and menelaus in sparta , we were told . 
 the message fell on us like a stone into clear water . 
 we could barely credit it . 
 priam had greece groaning for relief and now he offered it . 
 menestheus saw a chance to end the discord and he snatched at it , of course . 
 how was he to know it was a trap ? 
 clever priam , to play so on our hopes . 
 and clever paris , whose scheme it was , though we did n't know it then . 
 clever , but foolish too . 
 the greeks had borne hunger . 
 their princes would not bear humiliation . 
 chapter eleven wild and fierce cape sigeum thrust out into the sea pointing north , a finger made of mud and sandy dunes . 
 the three galleys rounded it together , oarsmen straining against a moderate northerly wind . 
 the bay of troy opened up before them , filled with ships coming and going from the strand at the southern end , a mile or more away . 
 those heading in had their sails raised , those emerging did not , and men worked hard at their oars as they struggled against the wind . 
 nestor counted thirty vessels and then stopped . 
 there were a lot , as always . 
 troy had not suffered as greece had , this past year . 
 the rowers pulled in their oars as the sail was raised . 
 the wind was behind the ships now , as they turned south into the bay . 
 it freed men to stare in awe at the sight before them . 
 to the left was a town with a wooden palisade , set back from the shore of the bay . 
 that was bunarbi , nestor remembered , though it had doubled in size since he was last in these waters . 
 behind it hills rose , carpeted with bushes and trees , a blaze of fertility unmatched in greece . 
 southward , his ageing eyes could just make out the gorge from which the scamander emerged to water the plain of troy , there beyond the beached ships . 
 he looked across to the ship which carried menelaus , to see the king of sparta staring with his mouth open . 
 he was n't looking at the river or the hills , but at the city which waited before them . 
 troy . 
 it was still a mile distant , just to the east of the strand where ships unloaded their cargoes . 
 but it towered over everything . 
 the base of its walls stood a hundred feet above the ships , and its towers reached fifty feet above that . 
 mighty mycenae 's walls only rose twenty feet , and like all greeks menelaus had been raised to think that was awesome , a feat achieved by an army of cyclops in the days before men came to live there . 
 it might even be true . 
 troy made mycenae look like a cave , cut into a cliff by generations of men with stone hammers . 
 it was a palace alongside a hut , an ocean shining beside a pond choked with weeds . 
 nestor thought it had grown , actually . 
 the west wall looked to have been extended , so it reached a little further down the slope of the ridge on which the city was built . 
 nestor had n't heard about that . 
 he knew troy 's outlying towns were expanding though ; leris . 
 zeleia , bunarbi to the north . 
 the kingdom was doing well , gaining in numbers and wealth , and so too in power . 
 given another generation it might be able to found an empire . 
 there were rumours coming out of the hittite kingdom these days , whispers of woe and looming disaster . 
 it might be that troy found herself able to build an empire just when a gap opened up for one . 
 in fifty years the whole coast of anatolia might be under trojan rule , one great homogenous realm blocking access to the riches of the interior . 
 that was n't a comfortable thought . 
 troy had sent half of greece into penury by closing a single road . 
 a coastal trojan empire might be able to destroy cities from sparta to meliboea just by raising prices . 
 he made a mental note of that thought , storing it away for reference against what priam might say when the three kings reached the city . 
 the invitation had implied an effort to resolve the problems of hesione and high taxes , mentioning them together in an effort to link them in the minds of the greek kings . 
 nothing had been made explicit , though . 
 for all nestor knew , he and his peers had been brought here for a tongue-lashing . 
 and something did n't feel right . 
 on the surface priam 's offer seemed fair : more than generous , in fact . 
 but still ... why these three kings ? 
 he 'd invited nestor , menelaus and menestheus , but why them , and not others ? 
 agamemnon would not have come , of course . 
 but diomedes of argolis would , or thalpius of elis . 
 agapenor , peleus , leonteus , even odysseus from western ithaca , if they 'd been asked . 
 so why had n't they been ? 
 dust had begun to rise from the road leading down from the western wall of troy . 
 quite a lot of it , in fact , as though many vehicles were moving rapidly down the slope . 
 nestor watched it as his ship drew closer to the strand , pulling ahead of menelaus ' and menestheus ' vessels now , its sail opening to catch the steady north wind . 
 * far to the west , two days after menelaus had set sail from gythium , a ship nosed into the harbour . 
 it looked like a phoenician vessel , with a raised stern and square-cut mast , only a little larger . 
 larger than any greek ship too , come to that . 
 only an argonaut would have known that the colchians built their ships that way , and they were nearly all dead now . 
 certainly no one in gythium knew . 
 this was one of phereclus ' designs , not seen yet on the greensea . 
 the crew unloaded crates onto wagons , ignoring the cries of the townsfolk to be allowed to buy any food they carried . 
 by early afternoon twenty-five men were heading north , most of them walking beside the wagons with bows in hand and swords at their belts . 
 the cargo crates held spears and shields , and un-lacquered armour from the workshops of troy . 
 * menestheus jumped down from his ship , once the prow had been driven high on the beach by the oarsmen . 
 nestor , not young anymore , had to climb carefully down a rope ladder thrown over the side . 
 he splashed out of the water to join the younger king , who was shading his eyes to look southwards . 
 `` i think we have a welcoming committee , '' menestheus said . 
 nestor nodded . 
 `` chariots . 
 i saw them from the deck . '' 
 `` a lot of chariots , then , '' menestheus added . 
 he had his bard with him , the storyteller from magnesia who 'd gained such a high reputation over the past years . 
 thersites climbed down a rope ladder too , making heavier work of it than nestor had . 
 he was puffing like a bellows by the time his feet reached the water . 
 when he limped up to join the kings nestor was struck by how misshapen he looked : his shoulders seemed too far forward , or his chest too concave , as though something huge had struck him there and driven his ribcage back into his spine . 
 stringy hair hung in his eyes . 
 he did n't look healthy enough to survive a winter , but he hobbled onto the sand and stared south with an alert enough expression . 
 the third galley ran its nose onto the strand a little way from them , and menelaus leapt down almost before it stopped moving . 
 he strode over to join them , also shading his eyes . 
 `` bind my tongue , can you believe that city ? '' 
 `` i do n't have to , '' nestor said . 
 `` troy exists , whether i believe in it or not . '' 
 the red-haired man frowned at him . 
 `` stop being clever , nestor . 
 you know what i meant . '' 
 `` it 's ... remarkable , '' thersites said . 
 nestor eyed him for a moment . 
 the hollow-chested man was a marvellous bard , with the sort of deep rolling voice that could make a stone hall seem someplace else : the tilting deck of a storm-wracked ship , or the mountain heights with a lion stalking somewhere among the boulders . 
 half-drunk , belching men on benches became a company to rival the heroes of mighty argo , and felt themselves so too , for as long as thersites spoke . 
 but besides all that , nestor had the sneaking suspicion that the storyteller was clever . 
 he liked wit and guile , admired them in a man , but nestor only liked them in a man he trusted , and he was by no means sure of thersites . 
 `` perhaps it is remarkable , '' he said , `` but it 's still only one city . 
 it would fit three times into mycenae , or your own athens , menestheus . '' 
 menelaus was craning his head back to stare at the walls . 
 troy was still half a mile distant , but even so it seemed to loom over them , casting a shadow as far as the sea and then beyond . 
 `` i would n't like to try to capture it , i 'll tell you that . 
 any king would lose a lot of men if he tried . '' 
 that was a true greek talking , nestor reflected . 
 the first thought in his head was how to fight the city , not how it had been built , or what could be learned from its people . 
 no , menelaus was a greek of the old school , and what he considered important was how to destroy it if the need arose . 
 or simply the desire . 
 he would have been right at home alongside the fathead theseus , or perseus who 'd had nothing but bone between his ears . 
 the chariots were approaching . 
 several greeks jumped down from the ships with spears in their hands , ready to form a wall around their kings , but at a word from menestheus his soldiers fell back a few paces . 
 the others copied them , though they remained wary . 
 more found idle work to do near the bows of the ships , far enough away not to threaten but close enough to react quickly . 
 nestor was sure there would be bows hidden just out of sight , beneath the rails . 
 they would n't be necessary , but he could n't blame the men for their caution . 
 there were thirty chariots . 
 thirty ; even agamemnon himself could n't put so many into the field . 
 each had three horses , where a greek chariot would have only two , and just by watching them approach nestor could see they were faster . 
 his own kingdom of messenia actually had some good grasslands , a rare thing in greece , and he owned a fair herd of horses himself . 
 but he did n't have enough , in quantity or quality , to match this . 
 he 'd been a charioteer of note in his day , the finest in greece some said . 
 in honesty nestor thought that might have been true , when he was young and strong . 
 and he would have given half his soul to drive a chariot such as these , just once , just to feel the acceleration and see the sinews pulling in the horses ahead of the car . 
 in the three horses . 
 zeus in his black cloud , he 'd rick half his soul to feel that now , even aged and past his prime . 
 the lead chariot slowed , then drew to a halt just in front of the kings . 
 a tall man in a kilt and patterned shirt swung down , wearing boots laced to just below the knee . 
 blue eyes looked out from beneath sandy hair , and nestor guessed who this was even before he spoke . 
 `` my lords ! '' 
 the charioteer said . 
 he bowed to each of them , a little awkward making the greek-style obeisance but not overly so . 
 `` i can not tell you what a pleasure it is to have you here in troy . 
 my father will be delighted you 've come . 
 i am hector . '' 
 thought so , nestor said to himself . 
 watching the trojan turn on the balls of his feet he felt a murmur of unease . 
 he had indeed been a fighting man in his day , and he recognised a warrior when he saw one . 
 it was something in the balance , in the poise , the same air of restrained speed and danger you sensed in a dozing leopard . 
 hector overflowed with it . 
 by their sudden stillness the other two kings had noticed it as well . 
 `` these are my friends , '' hector said , indicating the next two chariots in line . 
 `` aeneas of dardanos , and pandarus from zeleia . 
 we would be honoured if you would ride with us back to the city , one of you with each of us . 
 we will inform your men where to bring your belongings . '' 
 `` most gracious , '' nestor said . 
 menelaus , less comfortable with his tongue , only gave a curt nod . 
 `` i will need my advisor thersites , of course , '' menestheus said . 
 `` this is he ? '' 
 the sight of the crippled man did n't even cause hector to blink . 
 `` but of course ! 
 crino , you can offer him a ride . 
 remember he 's an honoured guest . 
 treat him as you would a king . '' 
 thersites looked surprised , for a moment . 
 nestor was n't sure whether that was real or faked ; he was going to have to speak to that young man , to take his measure . 
 for now he had other things to think about . 
 the trojans were certainly doing them honour , but there was more to it than that . 
 hector was known as the greatest warrior of the troas , perhaps of the whole of anatolia . 
 there were rumours that he 'd won the hittite victory against assyria last summer almost on his own . 
 in greece fighting men spoke in hushed voices of achilles , and the deeds he 'd done from thrace to egypt , phoenicia to crete ; in the east , they did the same for hector . 
 like achilles they said he was a charmer , a friend to all , who could make doubting men eager for the chance to fight for him . 
 seeing his smile , nestor could believe it . 
 as for aeneas , he was king of dardanos , and a fine warrior in his own right . 
 pandarus was a name nestor knew too , as the lord of one of the trojan towns in the interior , and a warrior who had cleaned out the last stubborn bandits from the hills -- and kept them out . 
 that last was a great achievement , and it had meant safe roads and rapid travel between troy and the southern cities of lyrnos and pedasos , and beyond to greater prizes like pergamum and wealthy ephesus . 
 safe roads meant more trade , more trade meant more coin . 
 the passage down the scamander valley had always been fraught with risk before . 
 now , thanks to hulking pandarus , it no longer was . 
 something was building here . 
 the trojans were spreading out , founding new towns and expanding old ones , filling up the land with bustle and business and driving the old days out . 
 they 'd reached down the coast to leris , and up the scamander to thymbra and then zeleia . 
 nestor had heard they had pushed east along the simois valley and built a town on the river granicus , fifty miles from troy itself . 
 not all the people in those towns would really be trojans , of course . 
 but they all called themselves trojans . 
 they paid loyalty to priam and taxes to his treasury , and in return he kept them safe and made them wealthy . 
 nestor tried to work out how big troas was . 
 much larger than any single greek kingdom , that was for sure ; perhaps as big as laconia , messenia and arcadia all added together . 
 more fertile , too . 
 wealthier by nature . 
 powerful enough , perhaps , to face all greece one day . 
 he felt a cold finger touch his heart at the thought . 
 but he was thinking like menelaus , in terms of warriors and military power . 
 the trojans were too , which was why they had their three best fighting men here to meet the greek kings , but that was unusual for them . 
 they were normally more subtle ; this display of strength must be their attempt to show the visiting greeks something they would all understand . 
 that was unsettling , too . 
 troy had never felt the need to brag about her military power before . 
 he had to admit he was uneasy . 
 he made sure no sign of it showed in his expression as he climbed up on aeneas ' chariot and braced his feet , but he resolved to keep himself as alert as he could manage while he was in troy . 
 if menestheus did the same , and perhaps the odd bard thersites as well , they would spy out enough to work out what was actually going on here . 
 hector called an order , and the long line of trigas began to move along the dusty road to troy . 
 * the night after landing , the trojan wagons had reached therapne , a village five miles south of sparta . 
 there they met other warriors , men who had slipped ashore in twos and threes over the previous week and made their way inland . 
 most of them were men from the simois valley , or the northern slopes of ida , well used to ghosting silently through countryside and living off the land . 
 there had been one unfortunate incident which required the deaths of a young swain and his lover , who had chosen to hold their midnight tryst right on the track five trojans were following in the starlight . 
 other than that nobody had been seen . 
 there were now sixty trojan soldiers in a field outside therapne , beside the river evrotas . 
 as the moon rose one of them climbed up on a wagon bed and made a speech . 
 he was n't actually a warrior at all . 
 not someone you would expect to be leading such a daring raid as this , deep into argive territory . 
 this was a task that called for a hector , an aeneas , or at least the captain of one of the divisions , the apollonians or scamandrians . 
 the speaker was none of those things . 
 that was why the greeks in troy would never think to wonder where he was . 
 we have spoken our prayers , paris began , and offered our sacrifices before we set out . 
 the gods are with us or they are not . 
 all we can do is trust in them , and go forward with honour . 
 there was a joy in him , actually , something wild and fierce that he 'd never felt before . 
 a little like the thrill of the first time with a new woman , but more intense even than that . 
 his heart was beating hard and strong . 
 he felt strong , as though every god in the east was watching him , and smiling . 
 tarhun of storms was with him , ipirru of horses , and pallas athena the lady of battle had her hand upon his shoulder . 
 his voice swelled as he spoke . 
 they all knew why they were there , he reminded them . 
 the argives were never going to return hesione , the aunt he had never seen . 
 they could not be persuaded , and would not be driven to it by taxes or encroaching poverty . 
 their pride was more important to them than any other consideration . 
 either hesione was abandoned , or the argives were forced to hand her back . 
 hesione would not be abandoned . 
 but he believed she would be handed back , if in exchange the trojans could return an argive woman they had taken in their turn . 
 a younger woman than hesione , more highly prized , of higher rank . 
 a queen then , and young , and beautiful . 
 and last summer antenor had seen a woman he called the loveliest he had ever set eyes upon : helen , the queen of sparta , and sister by marriage to agamemnon the high king in mycenae . 
 this was antenor 's plan , then , fermented in his mind since that day in laconia last year . 
 the warriors gathered here would slip into sparta while its king was away , lured to troy with the offer of discussions . 
 the best laconian soldiers would have gone with him , while the other captains would be out patrolling the borders , making sure nobody tried to take advantage of the monarch 's absence . 
 that was what argives did , it was how they thought . 
 nobody would be looking for a small party of men already inside the borders , all the way to sparta itself . 
 they would slip inside , find helen and seize her , and be gone down the road to therapne and then gythium , and their ship . 
 helen would not be touched , not harmed in any but the most minor way . 
 they would take her home to troy and then ransom her back for one price , and one only : the return of hesione . 
 no sane man could refuse that bargain . 
 after , the extra taxes on argive goods could be removed . 
 perhaps games could be held on the plain of troy , thrown in honour of the greek gods atop mount olympus . 
 they would soothe raw wounds . 
 good wine would wash away sour moods . 
 troy and mycenae would be friends again . 
 when he jumped down captains issued rapid orders . 
 six men broke away to take positions south of the ford , in case luck or planning failed and laconians tried to hold it against the returning raiders . 
 six was not many , but enough to discomfit a holding force with arrows from behind . 
 the rest of the men set out northwards , trotting along the deserted road as the moon slowly rose . 
 they had all spoken their prayers beforehand , as paris said , but that did n't stop them speaking more as they ran , to whichever deity they thought best . 
 nothing could go wrong , as long as the gods were with them . 
 chapter twelve a knife at the throat the chariots had to go south at first , though troy was east of the strand where the kings ' ships were drawn up . 
 ship prows jutted onto the beach fifty yards or so apart , enough room to work the oars on the way in and to unload crates or amphorae held in great nets . 
 wagons were parked at various angles , some drawn by four horses , others by six . 
 nestor had seen it before , on previous visits , but he still found six horses a wild extravagance . 
 sailors and longshoremen stopped working to watch them pass . 
 a few top-knotted thracians were bare chested , muscles gleaming with sweat , but most men wore shirts and either kilts or the loose trousers of southern anatolia . 
 nearly all had the flattened features of lifelong dock brawlers , or the spread-footed walk of men used to swaying decks . 
 it made no difference . 
 they paused to gape as the chariots swept by , a long line of them rattling over the shingle , until captains or merchants yelled at them to get back to work . 
 then they reached the road , a wide strip of earth tamped carefully flat , with stones and other bits of detritus cleared away . 
 chariots ran best on such smooth surfaces , and they picked up speed at once . 
 on their left a channel of the scamander whispered , flanked on both sides with willow and tamarisk , lotus and bulrushes . 
 a similar double line of greenery stood a little way off to their right , where another of the river 's braided arms flowed . 
 the two channels drew closer and then the chariots splashed across a ford through the western arm , turned south-east and a hundred yards later crossed the joined flow , onto the eastern bank . 
 both times nestor 's feet were wetted but not submerged . 
 the scamander was low in summer , after the spring melt had passed . 
 they picked up speed , the horses working now for the first time . 
 an experienced charioteer , nestor knew the animals had plenty of speed left in them , but he realised too that it took some skill by the driver to run them at this pace . 
 hector and his friends were showing what they could do ; and without much effort , it seemed . 
 it had to be admired , staged or no . 
 nestor 's old knees had begun to ache but he was damned if he 'd ask them to slow down . 
 they drove past a hill on the right , thick with brambles and clumped bushes , all grown through one another in a hideous tangle . 
 then over another ford , across the chiblak river this time , a smaller stream but faster flowing than the scamander . 
 the channel had been widened , nestor noticed , so the water ran in shallow ripples that hardly covered the rims of the wheels . 
 and then at last they were drawing up to the city itself , mighty troy rising above them in a mass of turrets and towers and the road switching back and forth as it climbed the slope , like the path through minos ' labyrinth far away . 
 at the top , just outside the southern scaean gate , grew a large and gnarled oak tree . 
 legend claimed it was planted there by ilos , the son of tros who had founded the city , three hundred and fifty years before . 
 troy had been sacked twice in the first years , when it was still only a village huddling under the onslaught of the endless summer wind . 
 it had not been sacked since . 
 the walls had been built of brick , then stone . 
 they had risen ten feet and then twenty , then thirty-five . 
 nestor craned his head back to look at their distant tops and could n't help a twinge of unease . 
 it was n't just the imperiousness of troy . 
 that was part of it , yes ; only a fool could stand in the shadow of these towering walls and not feel a degree of awe . 
 it was unsettling , not least because it was so much greater than anything greece had been able to do . 
 but it was n't that which had nestor 's senses twitching . 
 he did n't know what it was , but he knew there was something wrong . 
 the chariots slowed as they neared the wall . 
 * they swam the first moat and scaled the wall , using grappling hooks and ropes . 
 there were no guards at all , amazingly . 
 the inner moat only came up to their thighs , except for one man who walked over a deep patch and vanished for a moment with a discreet plop . 
 he bobbed up again a moment later , hair plastered down , and spouted a quick dribble of water from his lips . 
 the inner wall was guarded , but the sentries patrolled once and then vanished for ten minutes or more , presumably so they could enjoy a chat and a cup of something to warm them . 
 captain molion waited for a gap and then whispered the order , and they all went up the ropes like spiders in the dark . 
 they were down the inner side and into the shadows of the streets before the next guard emerged from the tower . 
 the palace was in the west of the city , on higher ground . 
 the raiders had entered from the south because the walls were lower there , but it left them half a mile of twisted roads to navigate before they reached their goal . 
 they did so without incident , streaming over the cobbles with cloths wrapped over their boots so they did n't clack and clatter as they went . 
 less than half an hour after reaching the outer wall they were in the palace grounds , and nobody had seen them and no one knew they were there . 
 `` luck , '' molion whispered to paris . 
 `` athena watch you , '' the prince murmured . 
 they clasped forearms briefly and then parted , molion to deal with the guards at doors and windows , paris to enter the chambers of the queen . 
 * at the scaean gate the road turned sharply west , so it ran with the wall of troy hard on the right hand side . 
 from beyond the entrance itself an arm of the battlement extended to flank the road on the other side , so the chariots rolled through a canyon of stone with a parapet on each flank . 
 then they turned hard again , this time to the right , and passed between the bronze-bound cedar weights of the gates . 
 inside , the road was made of smoothly fitted ashlar stones , similar to the walls . 
 on the left was the long front of the stables , set back from the road so wagons had room to park when they brought straw in or night soil out . 
 on the right were houses , and side streets that curved off between them , and all were filled with people . 
 some were cheering , waving their arms in the air and shouting out names . 
 none of those names were greek , nestor noticed at once . 
 the crowds called for hector and he raised an arm in salute , at which they went crazy with excitement . 
 they shouted for aeneas and when he acknowledged them they roared as though cheering themselves . 
 but not one of them yelled the name of menelaus or menestheus , not that nestor heard , and none named him either . 
 of course , achaea and troy had not been on good terms , during this past two years or so . 
 there was no real reason for the citizens to cry in support of greek kings . 
 but there was n't a reason for them not to , either , because the presence of three lords of achaea here on the streets of troy should mean there was a chance of better relations ahead . 
 this universal obliviousness was ... odd . 
 his senses , already prickling , tingled anew . 
 he wished he 'd been able to bring odysseus . 
 he 'd invited the young ithacan , but penelope was with child at last and near to her time , and odysseus had n't wanted to leave her alone . 
 nestor could n't blame him for that . 
 but the other man 's insight and dry wit would have been invaluable here , when something was niggling at the back of nestor 's mind and he could n't for the life of him work out what it was . 
 he was n't going to ask thersites . 
 not until he was sure of the man , and certainly not now , in the midst of a crowd . 
 they drove along the high street of troy , through the throng that cheered only for its own and not for the visiting kings , towards the higher wall of the pergamos , dead ahead . 
 * the palace was typical greek , all lowering walls and narrow doorways with heavy lintel stones thrown across them like barricades . 
 a guard was standing at the one paris found , his spear in one hand while the other scratched idly at his backside . 
 there were twenty yards of open space between him and the shrub where paris hid . 
 plenty of time for the guard to raise an alarm . 
 paris took careful aim and shot him under the jaw . 
 the man went down making a strange gobbling sound in his throat , feet scrabbling on the stones until one of the soldiers reached him and thrust a knife into his heart . 
 the guard went still and two men dragged his body away . 
 `` take his armour , '' paris whispered . 
 `` stand in his place . 
 we 'll only be a few moments . '' 
 thirty of them went inside . 
 antenor had given them a map of the palace so they did n't need to spread out much . 
 they followed a corridor past silent rooms and along the back of the megaron , empty at this time of night except for an old servant sleeping with his head on the table , and snoring so loud it was a wonder the roof beams did n't tremble . 
 a soldier gestured towards him and drew a finger across his own throat , but paris shook his head . 
 no sense taking a risk now , even such a small one . 
 just after that they took the right-hand corridor when it branched , following it up a flight of half a dozen steps and around a corner . 
 then the warriors did fan out , surrounding the queen 's chambers that they knew lay just ahead . 
 paris gave them a minute and then padded up to the door , eased it open , and slipped silently into helen 's rooms , one soldier at his heels . 
 it was obvious immediately that helen had decorated here . 
 the style was so different from the rest of the palace that it could n't be missed . 
 no battle axes hung on the walls , or armour stood in corners ; that was to be expected , of course , in a woman 's place . 
 men were not to enter here , except the lady 's husband . 
 it was an insult even to try . 
 this was a working room , the gynaikon where women did their weaving and entertained friends . 
 but helen had floored it with an expensive wool carpet from egypt , to judge by the style , and hung linen draperies on the walls in streams of colours ; soft yellows and greens , lilac , a splash of blue near the window . 
 that was more minoan than anything else . 
 paris wondered if menelaus knew what his money had paid for , here . 
 the king of laconia was an uncultured oaf , and antenor said he might be so dazed by his wife 's beauty that he would n't even know what she was doing . 
 paris had decided not to believe the tales of helen 's beauty until he could judge it for himself . 
 two doors stood in the far wall . 
 he chose the left and pushed it open , very slowly so the hinges did n't creak . 
 the room beyond was dark , the windows shuttered , but he could just make out the shape of a bed . 
 he stepped forward , away from the wall . 
 and stopped suddenly , keeping very still , when someone laid the blade of a knife against his throat . 
 * `` be welcome to troy , '' priam said . 
 `` we are honoured that you accepted our invitation . 
 now you are here , i am certain we can find a solution to the disagreements that bedevil us . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you 're right , '' nestor agreed . 
 the other two kings seemed content to let him be their spokesman . 
 menestheus was staring around at the blue and gold patterned throne room in obvious interest , paying more attention to that than to priam . 
 as for menelaus , he bristled whenever he looked at the trojan king , or at hector where he stood beside the dais . 
 their hosts must have noticed that , but they could pretend not to , at least . 
 that would n't be the case if he spoke . 
 probably it was better to let him smoulder in silence for the moment . 
 `` my son lycaon has arranged for you to be given houses in the upper city . '' 
 priam indicated another man by the dais , a blond fellow with callused hands . 
 `` servants have also been provided , of course . 
 i suggest you rest for a day or two . 
 the journey must have been wearying . '' 
 nestor barely stopped himself from frowning . 
 a voyage across the aegean sea was hardly tiring at all , for a lord . 
 the rowers worked hard for three days , perhaps four if the wind was unhelpful , but a passenger did n't have to do anything except watch the sea slide by . 
 nights were spent sleeping on an island shore , in a tent rather than a palace to be sure , but even so it was hardly cause for exhaustion . 
 priam must know that . 
 it was an odd comment for him to make . 
 unless he simply wanted to delay any talks for the day or two he 'd mentioned . 
 but that made no sense . 
 why invite three greek kings to troy and then postpone the suggested discussion ? 
 `` that would be pleasant , '' nestor said . 
 he kept his unease hidden behind a bland smile . 
 more than one could play at secrets . 
 * `` who are you ? '' 
 a voice said in paris ' ear . 
 a woman 's voice , very low and smoky . 
 he knew at once whose it must be . 
 `` my name is paris , '' he said carefully . 
 the blade she held pressed against his larynx . 
 `` i am the son of priam of troy . '' 
 `` liar . '' 
 he nearly shook his head before he remembered that might be fatal . 
 `` no . 
 i swear it . '' 
 `` princes do n't usually pay visits by sneaking into a queen 's bedroom at night . 
 why should i believe you ? '' 
 `` light a lamp , '' he said , mouth dry . 
 `` you 'll see by my dress that i 'm trojan , and wealthy too . '' 
 she hesitated . 
 `` you light it . 
 on the table behind you . 
 and be slow , prince . 
 move a beat too fast , even once , and i 'll slit your throat . '' 
 he edged backwards , taking his time , and fumbled on the table until his hands encountered a lamp and taper . 
 it was hard , not being able to look down to see what his hands were doing because of the knife . 
 but he found a box with a hot coal in it , lit the taper and then the candle , and a pool of light widened around them . 
 paris turned his head to look at her . 
 his breath stopped . 
 he 'd decided not to believe in her beauty until he saw it for himself . 
 it was hard to remember why . 
 helen of sparta was utterly gorgeous , with tawny hair over a heart-shaped face , and full lips slightly parted as she studied him . 
 but it was her eyes which held paris , darker than the sea and brighter than the sun which lit it . 
 he knew he was staring and could n't stop . 
 all his life he 'd been entranced by women ; he thought he 'd made love with forty , perhaps fifty , some of them just for a single night , others like oenone returned to time and again . 
 but he 'd never seen one like this . 
 never thought he might . 
 antenor was right , his mind decided distantly . 
 the argives will make any trade for this woman . 
 `` you dress like a prince , '' helen said . 
 `` but you have the look of a stunned sheep . '' 
 he blinked , surprised , but years of smooth talk with women came to his rescue . 
 `` i am stunned , my lady . 
 i had n't believed the tales of your beauty could actually fall short of the truth . '' 
 `` empty words , '' she said disdainfully . 
 `` which tell me nothing of why you are here . 
 were you so overcome by the stories of me that you could n't resist sneaking in here to ravish me ? '' 
 `` never that , '' he promised . 
 he held up a hand , palm skywards . 
 `` by mighty tarhun i swear it , and athena who guards troy 's walls . 
 and by aphrodite who surely gave you her own beauty . 
 not to ravish . '' 
 `` then what ? '' 
 `` to take you away , '' he said . 
 the knife was still at his throat , and he had the sense of this woman that she would smell a lie if he spoke one . 
 `` to bring you to troy , safely and in honour , so we can exchange you for my own aunt hesione , still held in salamis . '' 
 he saw those captivating eyes widen . 
 `` you 're here to abduct me ? 
 i will use this knife , prince of troy . '' 
 `` then do so , '' he shrugged . 
 `` or come with me . 
 i promise you 'll not be harmed . 
 you 'll get to see troy , and you will help right an old wrong . 
 how else could you ever do such things ? '' 
 she was silent . 
 her gaze remained on his though , and paris swore he could feel the crackle of her thoughts , like lightning in nearby trees . 
 or perhaps that was just her , the sensuality he 'd felt in her the moment she spoke . 
 he wanted to reach out and touch her , run his fingers over her skin . 
 it was madness , to want to hold her hand while she held a blade at his throat . 
 but he did . 
 he thought she was aware of it , too . 
 helen 's beauty was such that she must always have been accustomed to men longing for her . 
 `` i 've heard that anatolian women have rights denied in greece , '' she said finally . 
 `` is that true ? '' 
 `` quite true , '' paris agreed . 
 `` my mother chooses who her children will marry , not my father . 
 it 's her decision which cities to tie to troy by marriage , and which to spurn . 
 and it 's she who deals with all the spiritual affairs of the city . '' 
 there was movement in the doorway . 
 from the side of his vision paris saw a pair of trojan soldiers advance into the room , and he put out a hand to stop them without looking away from helen . 
 `` wait . 
 do nothing . '' 
 `` you really are a prince of troy , '' she breathed . 
 her violet eyes had never left him . 
 he nodded , as much as the knife would let him . 
 `` i am . '' 
 `` do you know what i am ? '' 
 she asked . 
 she did n't wait for a reply . 
 `` i am nothing . 
 a bauble , perhaps , to be displayed by my husband when he has guests , men he wants to impress or make jealous . 
 no more than that . 
 i spend my days weaving , or bathing , or having my hair put up and woven into a braid , and none of it matters . 
 none of it . 
 not since i was married . '' 
 paris said nothing . 
 their gazes were still locked together . 
 `` once i chose my husband , '' helen said . 
 `` i want to feel power like that again . 
 here is my offer , prince of troy . 
 i will go to the topless towers with you , but not to be bargained away , not as a piece on another man 's game board . 
 i will go as your betrothed , and in troy your mother or her priests will set aside my marriage to menelaus and we will be wed , you and i. '' he stared at her . 
 `` swear it , '' she insisted . 
 `` swear it on every god of troy and of greece , or by their names i promise i will cut your throat from ear to ear where you now stand . '' 
 her eyes really were extraordinary . 
 again he felt that urge to reach out and tangle his hands in her hair , cup her face , touch the flesh of her body . 
 his tongue seemed to act on its own . 
 `` i swear it . '' 
 `` name the gods , '' she pressed . 
 he smiled . 
 `` in tarhun 's name , by arianna of the sun and ipirru of horses , by athena , i swear to marry you and stand by you , helen . 
 let zeus hear , and hera lady of marriages witness my words . 
 by apollo and aphrodite , artemis and poseidon earth-shaker , i give you my word . '' 
 a moment passed , and then she took the knife from his neck . 
 he could still feel the line where it had rested for so long . 
 he reached out though , and finding her hand he twined his fingers through hers . 
 she was very warm , her skin flushed with heat . 
 paris smiled at her . 
 `` i must fetch my jewellery , '' she said . 
 * half an hour later they were outside sparta and hurrying south . 
 helen had used her authority to acquire a chariot from the stables , pulled by a pair of horses so poor they would have been killed and turned into glue and stew meat , if this was troy . 
 but they would do . 
 paris drove with helen beside him , while the sixty raiders ran on either side . 
 surprisingly no alarm had been raised . 
 it might not be until morning , now , but there was no sense in waiting to find out . 
 some miles down the road paris called a warrior up to drive and swung down , to run beside molion . 
 he explained the situation to the captain as quickly as he could . 
 the soldier glanced at the thin white mark on paris ' throat and grunted . 
 `` she really had a knife on you ? 
 quite a woman . '' 
 `` you do n't know the half , '' paris said feelingly . 
 `` you will keep your oath ? '' 
 `` i will , '' he said . 
 `` i invoked too many gods to risk breaking it . 
 there would be no place in the world for me to hide from them all . '' 
 molion nodded . 
 he was running quite easily , even in armour and with miles of road already behind him . 
 `` antenor wo n't like it . 
 you 've ruined his carefully designed plan , prince paris . '' 
 `` the gods ruined it , '' paris disagreed . 
 `` helen had no way of knowing intruders were in the palace , or that i was in her chamber . 
 but she was awake and standing by the door with a knife in her hand . 
 more than mere mortals were at work in this , molion . '' 
 `` perhaps they were , '' the big soldier said . 
 `` but whose gods , then ? 
 troy 's , or the argives ' ? '' 
 he had n't thought of that . 
 `` i suppose we 'll find out . '' 
 the chariot rattled on , and the men ran with it . 
 chapter thirteen an emerald in silver `` three days , '' nestor said , `` and not a sign of priam since the day we got here . '' 
 he liked this trip less with every hour that passed . 
 troy was a fabulous city , colourful and exciting , filled with people dressed in strange clothes and speaking strange tongues . 
 there seemed to be a stall selling exotic food on every second street corner -- when there were corners . 
 the sinuous streets meant that often there were n't . 
 but alluring scents still wafted through the air : roasting meats , boiling vegetables , or just spices and perfumes even nestor had never smelled before . 
 he thought he could spend a happy week just hunting those scents down and sampling them , whatever they were . 
 `` they say priam 's ill , '' menestheus said . 
 nestor snorted . 
 `` then why have n't i seen a physician enter his palace ? 
 i have watched for one , you know . 
 but not a sign . 
 when a king is ill you either send for the priests or for the doctor . 
 priam has seen neither . '' 
 `` maybe it 's a kidney stone , or something it does n't take a doctor to diagnose . 
 especially if he 's suffered it before . '' 
 `` possible , '' nestor conceded . 
 `` what do you think , thersites ? '' 
 the skinny man looked up from his lyre . 
 `` me ? 
 yes , it 's possible . 
 but the coincidence is very large . '' 
 `` exactly . 
 something else is going on here . '' 
 he 'd learned to trust his instincts , and right now they were telling him that something was wrong . 
 they had been from the start , in truth . 
 nothing had changed since . 
 on the first evening the three kings had been invited to a banquet hosted by hector . 
 the food had been excellent , and there were tumblers and dancers the equal of any nestor had ever seen . 
 especially one of the women , who danced with lithe grace to a single eastern pipe and reduced the conversation to a trickle , and then to silence . 
 if nestor had been twenty years younger -- hades , ten -- he might have asked her to join him on his divan , so he could feed her grapes and maybe talk her into something more intimate later on . 
 the next day pandarus took them hunting in the simois valley , sending his men into the reeds beside the river to scare up ducks and geese . 
 it was an enjoyable way to spend the day , especially since the north wind had eased off and the afternoon was pleasantly warm . 
 then aeneas had hosted a banquet that night , with different entertainers . 
 not quite as good as hector 's , perhaps , though aeneas did ask thersites to perform . 
 the storyteller had recited a poem of the dawn of the olympians , his own composition but done in the epic style , his lyre thrumming in tempo with the cadences of his voice . 
 doves and sparrows fly between water and land where the sea foams on the shore of cythera aphrodite rises , skin pure and glowing in the sun . 
 doves represented gods , and immortality . 
 sparrows stood for the death of mortal men , and so for mortality itself . 
 aphrodite was shown rising from the latter state to the former , becoming a goddess just as she crossed the boundary between water and land . 
 it was very subtly done , so much so that it took nestor some moments to catch the nuances . 
 when he did he studied thersites over the rim of his wine cup , trying to gauge him . 
 you may , he thought in the privacy of his mind , be too clever to be a storyteller . 
 so what else might you be , crippled man ? 
 an agent for another king ? 
 perhaps even a killer ? 
 `` wonderful , '' aeneas had said , when lyre and voice fell silent at last . 
 `` truly wonderful . 
 i 've never heard an argive aoidos perform in troy before , but i shall have to hear one again . '' 
 thersites bowed , a peculiar-looking motion from a man so strangely formed . 
 `` you 're most kind , my lord aeneas . '' 
 he was most kind , everyone in troy was most kind ... but they were not helpful . 
 the greek kings were meant to be distracted by all this pomp and pleasure , and nestor could n't help wondering what it was their attention was being diverted from . 
 menelaus did n't seem to have noticed anything . 
 in fact nestor was almost sure he had n't . 
 he was the most important of the three visiting lords , brother to the high king and ruler of fertile laconia , but also the least perceptive , and the least interested in puzzles . 
 he preferred to glower at the trojans and say very little , or else nothing . 
 both atreus ' sons hated troy , and that was all right . 
 they were n't the only ones . 
 but when the loathing became so strong that menelaus spent most of his time in the house he 'd been given , drinking too much and brooding , it turned into a problem . 
 well , the atreides were not known for their conciliation , or their patience . 
 best to work around it , if you could . 
 this third day , nestor had spent tracking down the principal figures of troy , without being too obvious about it . 
 priam was shut in his palace , hector training with the regiments : aeneas was often there too , and sometimes pandarus . 
 that was all the main battle leaders accounted for . 
 ucalegon was running the palaces and antenor was busy with a dozen things , hurrying from task to task from sunup to dusk without a sign of weariness . 
 one thing that had piqued nestor 's interest was a man antenor visited , a hittite he thought , ensconced in a converted house near the wall that seemed to be some kind of forge . 
 he 'd have to look into that , once he could speak to the merchants who visited here , and who would be willing to ask a few questions . 
 for a small fee . 
 but what mattered now was that antenor was in troy , all the movers and shakers of the city were here , even the younger princes lycaon and troilus . 
 nobody had slipped away to conduct some clandestine business out of sight of the kings . 
 nestor simply could not understand what it was that he and his comrades were being kept from seeing . 
 `` it does n't make any sense , '' he growled , half to himself . 
 `` i did hear a story , '' thersites said . 
 he was still bent over his lyre , tuning it nestor thought . 
 `` someone at the palace told me there 's an emissary from egypt in troy . 
 urgent business regarding phoenicia , he said . '' 
 nestor frowned . 
 `` i had n't heard that . '' 
 `` people talk to ordinary folk , '' thersites said , `` when they would n't talk to a king . 
 i hear things . '' 
 `` i expect you do , '' nestor said . 
 and if you count as ` ordinary folk ' , my hollow-chested friend , i 'll eat my boots with a spoon . 
 `` that does n't add up , though . 
 troy is an ally of hattusa , they fight against the egyptians , not for them . 
 if the pharaoh has something to discuss he 'd send to hattusa , surely ? 
 unless , '' he added , struck by a thought , `` the hittites are weaker than we thought , since the battle of emar . 
 maybe egypt thinks they 're finished . '' 
 `` if that was true , troy would n't be ... playing us like this , '' menestheus said , in his patient way . 
 he fingered his short goatee beard . 
 `` you do n't risk angering enemies when your strongest friend is failing . '' 
 `` are we troy 's enemies ? '' 
 nestor asked . 
 the king of athens shrugged . 
 `` perhaps they think we are . 
 or why treat us this way ? '' 
 that did make sense , unfortunately . 
 and troy 's behaviour over the past year had been that of a city which no longer cared very much for the consequences of its actions . 
 the punitive new taxes on the trojan road had ruined a lot of greek merchants , emptied a lot of royal treasuries , and left a lot of empty bellies . 
 priam must have known that would create widespread anti-trojan sentiment , but he 'd gone ahead anyway . 
 now greece was full of angry men , shouting in the streets for their kings to do something , which was the sort of thing that made kings angry too . 
 troy did n't seem to notice . 
 `` i asked around , '' thersites put in . 
 `` subtly , while i was juggling balls for some of the servants , and at a tavern down in the town . 
 everyone i spoke to agreed . 
 no egyptian emissary has been in troy for at least two years . '' 
 nestor nodded . 
 `` then someone is lying to us . '' 
 `` and if they lie about that , '' menestheus agreed , still fingering his beard , `` what else do they lie about ? '' 
 the three men looked at each other in silence . 
 * the greek kings were called to see priam the next day , an hour after a ship ran ashore a little way up the simois river . 
 nestor thought immediately that the deceit must be about to end . 
 he became certain of it when the three men entered priam 's diamond-patterned throne room to find the walls lined with soldiers in full battle dress . 
 they were apollonians , their cuirasses lacquered in white and gold , spears upright in one hand and swords belted at their hips . 
 the best troy had to offer , their elites . 
 nestor felt his muscles tighten even as he observed menelaus ' chin come up , and his eyes flare in anger . 
 this was not going to be a pleasant meeting . 
 the presence of those fighting men made that obvious . 
 hector was armoured too , standing to one side of the dais with his silver helmet gleaming under one arm . 
 on the other side stood antenor , his lined face impassive , and beside him the very tall figure of laocoon , the seer . 
 nestor was expecting trouble , but not the shock that awaited them . 
 `` i wonder , '' priam said to menelaus , with no introduction at all , `` whether you recognise this . '' 
 a servant came forward to pass something to the spartan king . 
 it was too small for nestor to see what it was , until menelaus gasped in disbelief and opened his fingers . 
 there on his palm rested an emerald cut into twenty faces , set into a sheath of filigreed silver . 
 it meant nothing to nestor , but menelaus had lost all colour and his hand was shaking . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 nestor asked . 
 priam smiled . 
 `` tell him , lord of laconia . '' 
 `` it 's ... helen 's , '' menelaus stammered . 
 `` my wife 's . 
 i gave it to her when we married . 
 it came all the way from india . '' 
 he looked up at the throne . 
 `` how did you come by it ? '' 
 `` helen gave it to my son paris , '' priam said . 
 `` when he took her from sparta five days ago . 
 a ship brought the news this morning . '' 
 menelaus ' hand tightened convulsively around the gemstone . 
 `` you will hand her back . 
 at once . '' 
 `` strange , '' priam mused , `` how often i have said that about my sister , with no result . 
 tell me , king of sparta . 
 how hard did you try to see hesione returned to me , through all these years ? '' 
 there was a deadly silence . 
 `` you will return her , '' menelaus repeated . 
 `` there is no need for this , '' menestheus began , but priam stopped him with a raised hand . 
 `` antenor . '' 
 a door opened , somewhere nestor could n't see . 
 a moment later three people emerged from behind a statue in one corner , of the trojans ' father-god tarhun throwing a thunderbolt . 
 a man and two boys , the elder approaching the age where he would be called a man himself . 
 nestor thought they were family , a father and his sons most likely . 
 `` this is balzer , '' antenor said . 
 `` until recently , he and his family lived in a town called teos , on the coast of mysia . 
 you may have heard of it . '' 
 menelaus only glared , but menestheus shook his head . 
 nestor tried to watch them and priam as well , with a little bit of attention left for antenor and the three newcomers . 
 he moved only his eyes , giving nothing away , his thoughts shut behind his mask . 
 `` balzer is going to tell you a story , '' antenor said . 
 he nodded to the mysian . 
 `` i was a carpenter , '' the southerner said . 
 `` i had a good business , a good life in teos . 
 then we were raided . 
 men in black armour . 
 they killed my wife and ravaged the town . '' 
 `` you must have had sentries , '' menestheus began . 
 he broke off when hector tapped fingernails against his silver helmet . 
 `` i heard the names they called each other , '' balzer went on . 
 `` achilles . 
 eudorus . 
 patroclus . 
 they were myrmidons , and they would have sold my sons into slavery except that achilles released us , on condition that my daughter išbardia went with him as his bed mate . '' 
 `` thank you , '' antenor said . 
 `` you may go . '' 
 balzer put hands on his sons ' shoulders and guided them away . 
 there was silence until the hidden door closed behind them . 
 `` you see , '' antenor said then , `` the argives are still abducting women from the anatolian shore . 
 hesione was not an isolated incident , and these takings are not a thing of the past . 
 greeks have not raided here for a generation , and you 've told my emissaries that stealing our women is a thing of the past , not to be concerned over anymore . 
 and now this . '' 
 `` that was not me , '' menelaus began . 
 antenor spoke right over him , a shocking insult to a king . 
 `` my own thought is that the argives have avoided our shores out of fear of hittite retaliation . 
 but now you 've forgotten that lesson , or else you think hattusa is no longer able to protect us . 
 or that troy can not protect herself . 
 whichever is true , greece thinks , once again , that she can plunder and steal with impunity . '' 
 `` you can not , '' hector said , speaking for the first time . 
 `` troy will not allow it . 
 if women are things of no value , to be taken at will and used , or abused , then that truth works for us as well as for you . 
 since argives see women as trophies , as plunder , why should not troy ? '' 
 `` this is why you invited us , '' nestor said . 
 it was the first time he 'd spoken , too . 
 `` it was all a pretence , just to get menelaus out of sparta so paris could sneak in behind . 
 no more than that . '' 
 `` precisely , '' priam said . 
 `` i will take helen back , '' menelaus grated . 
 `` whatever it takes , i will find her and take her back . '' 
 hector smiled thinly . 
 `` you wo n't need to find her . 
 she 'll be right here in troy . '' 
 `` and here she will stay , '' priam said , `` until the argives show they are willing to negotiate in good faith . 
 you have never cared a fig for the concerns of troy . 
 now you must . '' 
 `` i demand to see my wife , '' menelaus snapped . 
 `` demand ? '' 
 priam repeated . 
 he gave no signal that nestor saw , but the guards around the perimeter of the room took a single step forward , all as one . 
 menelaus opened his mouth and then closed it again . 
 he 'd never been an especially forceful man ; agamemnon was the dominant brother in that respect . 
 menelaus looked at the soldiers and let himself be overawed . 
 `` your wife is n't here , '' antenor said . 
 `` she and prince paris will make their way to troy at a different time . 
 but if she was , my lord , we would still not let you see her . 
 go home , all of you . 
 go and tell your people that the women and towns of troas are no longer yours to despoil as you please . 
 and then , if you wish to talk , you will be welcome back in troy . '' 
 `` this is an outrage ! '' 
 menelaus shouted . 
 but the apollonians were moving forward again , pushing the three argive kings towards the ornate doors . 
 on his throne priam smiled and seemed not to hear . 
 nestor watched him as he backed away , but he did n't see any emotion at all on that ageing face before the doors swung shut . 
 * the argive kings were barely out of the room before priam swung towards antenor , fury distorting his words . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 `` the message did n't say , '' antenor answered . 
 `` at a guess , i 'd say perhaps egypt or cyprus , somewhere far away from greece . 
 unless paris decided it was safer to come back to anatolia before argive ships begin searching , in which case he might be in halicarnassus , possibly miletos . '' 
 `` so you do n't know , '' priam snapped . 
 `` what use is an advisor who has no useful advice ? '' 
 hector spoke from across the dais . 
 `` that is n't fair , father . 
 paris has changed the plan antenor made , but that 's my brother 's fault . 
 rage at him when he does come home . 
 do n't abuse antenor for it . '' 
 priam glared at him , and then shook his head . 
 `` you 're right , of course . 
 i 'm sorry , antenor . 
 the lad has betrayed you as much as me . 
 what can have possessed him to do this made thing ? '' 
 `` aphrodite , perhaps , '' the advisor said , straight-faced . 
 `` paris has always been a fool for women , '' hector said . 
 `` and they for him , just as much . 
 the sight of a pretty girl turns paris ' head and makes him forget all sense . 
 it might have been better to send troilus on this mission , or lycaon . 
 pandarus , even . 
 but it 's too late now . '' 
 hector had never had any time for paris . 
 until now priam had dismissed that as the natural behaviour of an eldest son towards the youngest : the duty-bound heir 's envy of the sibling free to idle , or to indulge himself . 
 it was an uncomfortable thought , that hector might have seen paris clearly while their parents could not , but it had to be faced . 
 because what paris had done in this went beyond madness . 
 it was a betrayal , exactly as priam had named it . 
 the lad had been sent as a representative of troy -- a covert one , to be sure , but still bearing the welfare of the city like a mantle on his shoulders . 
 and he had abused it . 
 he had abandoned the plans made with such care , thrown them aside for a smile and the glimmer of a woman 's eye . 
 priam had never seen that weakness in his youngest son . 
 `` we could n't have sent others anyway , '' antenor said , disagreeing with hector . 
 `` troilus because he 's even more of a fool than paris , but for horses instead of women . 
 the other two because nestor was sure to be suspicious from the moment he was invited here , and we could only allay those doubts by having all the important men of troy here , where he could see them . '' 
 `` then we should have given molion the duty , '' hector said . 
 `` or another captain . 
 anyone but paris . 
 it was asking for trouble to send him on a mission that involved a beautiful woman . '' 
 `` if this is true , '' priam snapped , still angry , `` then you ought to have mentioned it before . '' 
 `` i did mention it , '' hector said . 
 his tone was calm , not challenging at all . 
 `` once , and then i let it go . 
 because you do n't listen to criticism of paris , father . 
 you never have . 
 i would have wasted my words . '' 
 unfortunately that was probably true . 
 but paris had seemed an ideal choice for the task . 
 the soldiers would follow him , as they would any prince of troy ; but the argives thought he was a fool when they bothered to think of him at all , and his absence would likely go unnoticed . 
 all that had worked out just as antenor had planned it . 
 the three argives had come , and their suspicions had been allayed by feasts and hunting , and the visible presence in the city of everyone who could be a danger to them , in any way . 
 then paris had gone and wrecked everything by making an insane , ludicrous promise to the spartan queen , and thrown the whole scheme into disarray . 
 `` can we rescue this ? '' 
 he asked antenor abruptly . 
 `` even after the noose paris has put around our necks ? '' 
 `` perhaps , '' antenor said . 
 `` it 's hard to say , because it depends how the argives react . 
 they might decide to bargain with us , in which case we 'll get hesione in return for helen . 
 just as planned . '' 
 `` paris says he swore a mighty oath to marry her . '' 
 `` oaths can always be broken , '' laocoon said carefully . 
 `` if the gods are properly propitiated . '' 
 `` and if the two of them become lovers , before they reach troy ? '' 
 `` that , too , can be overcome , '' antenor said . 
 `` if the argives decide to negotiate with us . '' 
 `` you talk , '' a new voice said , `` but none of your words matters . '' 
 they turned , all of them , to see cassandra emerge from behind the statue of tarhun with his stone hand upraised . 
 priam could n't remember the last time she 'd come to the throne room , let alone without being ordered to . 
 since she was a child , probably . 
 she was neat enough too , for a wonder ; often cassandra looked dishevelled , almost wild , as though her hair had never known a comb nor her skin a cloth . 
 today her white priestess 's robe was unwrinkled , and her face glowed with healthy colour . 
 `` words always matter , my lady , '' antenor said . 
 `` not these . '' 
 she stepped closer , then halted five paces away . 
 coming closer than that to anyone , man or woman , would have been unusual in the extreme . 
 `` you do n't understand , not yet . 
 you will . '' 
 `` understand ? '' 
 hector asked . 
 `` that this helen is a brand of fire that will bring the blaze down upon troy , '' she said . 
 `` she will start a burning that will ravage us . 
 if she steps within the walls , troy will be destroyed . '' 
 priam stared at her . 
 she was a bride of ipirru , given to the god , and sometimes the immortal spoke through the women who served him . 
 that was the point , really ; it was why a royal daughter was placed in the temples , if at all possible . 
 cassandra had never been capable in that way , of course -- or in any way , really . 
 she 'd been sworn to service because there was n't anything else she could do . 
 but prophecies did happen , coming sometimes from the unlikeliest of sources , so he hesitated and glanced at laocoon . 
 `` i have seen nothing in the auguries to suggest the fall of troy , '' the seer of athena said at once . 
 `` the first thing i did when i heard what prince paris had done was to consult the goddess , and while the carved bones showed me danger , they did n't show me disaster . '' 
 `` pallas athena is an argive goddess , '' cassandra pointed out . 
 `` do you think she would warn us , against her own people ? 
 are you a fool ? '' 
 `` show respect ! '' 
 laocoon spat at her . 
 `` royal blood or no , you 're still only a simple priestess ! '' 
 `` enough . 
 we will not squabble amongst ourselves . '' 
 priam watched laocoon until he nodded , visibly calming himself , and then turned back to cassandra . 
 `` thank you for the warning , my daughter . 
 we will not forget it . 
 perhaps you should go and lie down now , somewhere quiet . '' 
 `` you mean to do nothing , '' she said . 
 she shook her head , pale curls falling in her eyes . 
 `` well , i can not give advice to those who will not listen . 
 but remember i told you . 
 if helen of sparta once sets foot inside the walls of troy , the city will be doomed . '' 
 she wheeled and was gone , her robe swishing until she vanished behind the statue and the hidden door clicked shut behind her . 
 `` that was strange , '' laocoon said . 
 `` i apologise , my lord . 
 i should n't have lost my temper . '' 
 `` she 's right , '' hector said . 
 they stared at him , all of them surprised , and hector shrugged his muscular shoulders . 
 `` not about the fall of troy , i 'm sure . 
 but the taking of helen will bring a blaze down upon troy . 
 i am certain of that , as well . 
 because the argives will not decide to negotiate with us . 
 they will regard this as an insult to their manhood , and that leaves them only one option . '' 
 the other two men looked at him , and then both nodded slowly . 
 they both knew what that option was . 
 the argives always did the same thing when they felt they had been insulted . 
 they would go to war . 
 chapter fourteen what happens in miletos he found andromache deep in discussion with two priests of athena , in her temple right at the back of the pergamos . 
 it was a surprise , actually , how fast hecuba had begun to transfer her power to hector 's wife . 
 or at the least to share it with her , equal to equal . 
 andromache was clever and capable , and she 'd shown a deft touch in dealing with the sensitivities of the various priesthoods . 
 that had impressed hecuba and the priests . 
 thebe-under-plakos was a small city , with none of troy 's urban sophistication ; for andromache to prove so capable so soon was a surprise . 
 which was all hector knew , even as the husband of one woman and son of the other . 
 it was n't done for a man to inquire into the dealings of a queen and the clerics . 
 perhaps when he was king . 
 his parents shared their duties , so he and andromache might too . 
 but he was n't king yet , so hector did n't ask what his wife and the two white-robes were debating , or even approach close enough to hear . 
 he simply stood by the doorway and waited for them to notice him . 
 at the far end of the long hall , half in shadow now , stood the palladium . 
 it was a wooden image of athena herself , carved twelve feet tall in the midst of a stride , with a spear in one hand and her aegis , a hide-bound shield , in the other . 
 legend claimed the goddess herself had given it to ilos , mighty son of the founder of troy , as recognition of his warrior prowess . 
 it was said troy could never fall while the statue stood inside her walls . 
 her wooden face was hidden in darkness , but hector stared at it anyway . 
 was it a true representation of how athena looked ? 
 he did n't know . 
 nymphs seemed to appear almost daily , surprising a shepherd or traveller at the side of the road , often with no cairn or altar to mark their presence . 
 but the gods and goddesses of the world , whether greek or anatolian , did n't show themselves to just anyone . 
 they appeared rarely , and in isolated places , seen by only one or two mortals in a generation . 
 the most worthy , the finest of their times . 
 athena had shown herself to ilos , at a time when the trojans worshipped no argive deities , and made herself preeminent in the city . 
 now the people cried that hector was ilos reborn , the great warrior clothed once more in flesh ... yet she had not shown herself to him . 
 he had to wonder why . 
 what was missing in him , that she hid herself from his eyes ? 
 and did she hide from achilles ? 
 it was a name the artisan from teos had spoken , and one hector had heard before . 
 everyone close to the greensea knew it , just as they knew the word myrmidon . 
 the ants of thessaly had been raiding coasts for a century , men in black carapaces swarming ashore from black-hulled boats . 
 but they 'd become something more under achilles , a deadly force that eschewed the easy targets of villages and farms and struck instead at towns , and then overwhelmed them . 
 settlements all along the coast had begun building higher walls , wider moats , anything to keep the terror of the myrmidons at bay . 
 achilles himself wore golden armour in battle , shining amidst the black armour of his men . 
 there were stories of arrows sent at him that never seemed to hit , spears that simply bounced off the cuirass . 
 the man seemed invulnerable , and he swatted warriors like leaves in the wind . 
 even so , the raid at teos was the first time the myrmidons had attacked the anatolian coast for years . 
 fifteen at least , hector thought , since the argive catastrophe at miletos . 
 they 'd contented themselves with attacks on the aegean islands , or in the south against egypt ; even against their own people , in cyprus and crete . 
 that they had come to anatolia again was more than unsettling . 
 it was a threat , clouds in a sky that had been clear before . 
 and now came this lunacy , this utter insanity of paris , taking helen not as a bargaining piece but as a prize . 
 `` husband ? '' 
 andromache said by his elbow , and hector blinked in surprise . 
 he 'd been so deep in contemplation that he had n't even noticed her there . 
 `` i thought you were with the king . '' 
 `` i was , '' he said . 
 `` can you spare a moment ? '' 
 `` of course , '' she said . 
 she held up a hand to the priests , one finger raised to indicate she 'd only be a minute . 
 they bowed politely and retreated . 
 `` what is it , hector ? '' 
 `` not here , '' he said . 
 he was struggling to hold in his anger . 
 `` upstairs . 
 i need wind in my hair . '' 
 a narrow flight of steps was hidden behind one wall of the temple , reached by a door set in the corner . 
 it was so small that hector could only pass through by turning sideways with his head and shoulder bowed . 
 but at the top was the roof , all but hanging over the northern wall of the pergamos and then the city wall below , and the almost-sheer fall under that down to the plain of troy . 
 if you lifted your eyes a little you could see the bay to the north and the hellespont beyond , and the simois river , with bunarbi town sitting beyond it at the edge of the sea . 
 horses grazed everywhere you looked , forming small clumps according to some unknown bonds of friendship or dislike that not even the wranglers had ever been able to work out . 
 sheep grazed on the pastures of the hillsides , on poorer grass than the horses . 
 between the two , on the slopes , was a narrow strip of cropland , yellow now with ripening wheat . 
 men moved there and in the fields , tending this and nurturing that , tiny specks at this distance . 
 andromache took his hand . 
 `` now , then . 
 tell me what 's got you so frustrated . 
 or have you tired of me already , and you brought me up here to throw me over the wall so you could marry another outland wench ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he said , startled . 
 `` no , i 'm not -- '' he stopped then , because andromache was laughing at him . 
 hector began to tell her it was n't funny , there was some real trouble here , and then realised that his rage was gone . 
 well , not gone entirely , but it had faded away to a hot whine somewhere deep inside him , rather than the rampaging red thing he 'd hardly been able to bottle up . 
 he grinned at her , a little sheepishly . 
 `` that 's better , '' she said . 
 `` tell me , then . '' 
 he did so , pouring the words out like myrmidons flooding across a helpless village . 
 antenor 's plan , though she knew about that of course , because he 'd told her when it was first proposed . 
 the arrival of the argive kings , and the amusement of seeing nestor grow more and more suspicious , sure he was being tricked but unable to see how , or why . 
 and then the sudden , devastating news from paris , brought only hours earlier by the ship beached on the bank of the simois below them -- if she looked , andromache would be able to see it . 
 that part she did n't know , because there had n't been time . 
 `` paris swore to marry her , '' hector finished . 
 `` by every god he could remember to name , it seems . 
 his message says that he intends to keep that vow , whether my father supports him or not . '' 
 she 'd folded his hand into both of hers . 
 `` you do n't think he should ? '' 
 `` support him ? 
 no . 
 we should keep to the original plan . 
 treat helen with all courtesy , and give her no reason for complaint . 
 do n't abuse her or ravish her . 
 and then exchange her for hesione and remove the higher tolls argives face on the trojan road . 
 some of the greeks might still argue for revenge against us , but most wo n't . 
 they need the goods of the euxine sea too badly . '' 
 `` you 'd abandon paris , '' she said , nodding . 
 `` have you suggested this to your father ? '' 
 `` he knows what i think , '' hector said . 
 `` paris is a wastrel , a man whose interests stop with his own desires . 
 he does n't care about anything but his own gratification , and when it 's satisfied he moves on to the next thing , and the next , and he never spares a thought for the consequences . 
 but this time there will be consequences , and he should be the one to face them . 
 not troy . '' 
 `` i see , '' she said . 
 `` paris has taken the choice away , has n't he ? 
 by not returning to troy at once he 's made the decision his own . 
 priam ca n't promise that helen will be left unmolested . '' 
 `` this is paris , '' he said . 
 `` of course she wo n't be unmolested . 
 his lust has got the better of him , and now he 'll take her in ten different ways before he even comes home . 
 and the argives know what he 's like anyway . 
 even if he does leave her untouched , by some miracle , they will never believe it . '' 
 `` and what do you fear the argives will do ? '' 
 `` something , '' he said darkly . 
 he was n't sure exactly , but he knew the argives would never let this insult go by without riposte . 
 even antenor 's plan had been a huge risk , taken only because all else had failed and priam so badly wanted to see his sister home in troy again , before one of them died . 
 but an exchange of women was one thing : the outright abduction of a queen was quite another . 
 that was n't a risk , it was madness . 
 `` something , '' he said again , and felt andromache 's fingers tighten about his own . 
 * she was in miletos . 
 it had been two days now , and still helen was overwhelmed by it . 
 she had come to believe , before the sudden appearance of salvation in the unlikely shape of trojan raiders , that she would never leave greece in her life . 
 probably she 'd only leave sparta once or twice , when menelaus wanted to show her off to his fellow kings in mycenae or argos . 
 even then she 'd be driven through the streets and then left inside a castle much like her own in sparta , to maunder away her days with nothing to do and no hopes to fulfil . 
 choosing menelaus as her husband had been a mistake . 
 the gods knew , there had been other options . 
 she 'd just judged them wrong , that was all . 
 she 'd thought diomedes of argolis too flashy , too concerned with his appearance to other lords . 
 ajax of salamis was handsome but intimidatingly huge , and his voice was more a bear 's growl than anything human . 
 menestheus had seemed to preoccupied , agapenor too tempestuous , and marrying idomeneus would have put helen in crete , far from all she knew and wanted to be part of . 
 there had seemed to be something to dislike in all of them -- except menelaus . 
 he 'd struck her as just right , not too arrogant or too quiet , handsome enough but not a preening peacock . 
 she knew now that he was simply ordinary . 
 boring , even . 
 a good hunter , but not a great one ; a fair but not exceptional warrior ; a reasonable administrator who never saw the nuances . 
 helen did , she 'd learned it from her father , and she knew -- she knew -- she would make a better ruler than menelaus . 
 but she would n't be given the chance . 
 he did n't ask her advice , was n't interested in what she thought or knew about laconia . 
 she was never wanted . 
 and then she 'd been awake at night , as she so often was now , when paris came stealing into her rooms . 
 it was easy to believe the gods were watching over you , when a life changed so abruptly . 
 she 'd been sitting in the dark , alone and sorrowful ; ten minutes later she had a bag of jewellery in her hand and was slipping through the corridors of what had been her father 's palace , surrounded by trojans in cuirasses with spears ready , on her way to a new life . 
 now a week later she was in miletos , a city she 'd never thought to see before she died . 
 she knew of it , though . 
 every greek knew of miletos , since what had happened here when she was a child . 
 it had always been a city that attracted foreigners . 
 a little like troy itself , she supposed , though she 'd have to judge that for herself when she was there . 
 at first a phoenician outpost , miletos had slowly been transformed by the leleges , a local people who learned their culture from more advanced neighbours . 
 lydians had moved in , and then later minoans came in numbers , establishing themselves as the dominant force in the city . 
 later still the hittites had made miletos capital of a client province , again much as troy was , and an influx of their own people had changed the city again . 
 then the greeks appeared , first raiders from locris and boeotia in search of easy plunder . 
 they found the land plentiful and the defenders weak . 
 twenty years ago they returned in numbers , fifty ships loaded with warriors who burst into the city and took it for their own . 
 in their wake came families , artisans , all the people who made a city work . 
 local people were driven out of their shops and off their land . 
 more simply left , migrating to other cities north or south : halicarnassus , sardis , ephesus . 
 some of them warned that vengeance would come . 
 none of the greeks listened . 
 then the hittites appeared . 
 their army was vast , a hundred thousand men some said , though helen 's father had thought less than half that . 
 it was too many , in any case ; too many by far . 
 the defenders were swept aside . 
 and then the hittites killed every greek they could find , warriors and farmers , women and priests , children and babies alike . 
 all . 
 they slew and butchered until the city streets were wet with blood , and gave no quarter to any greek , for any reason . 
 helen could still see the scars of those days : chips in the corners of buildings were swords had struck , new cobbles where the old had been smashed by thrusting spears , and homes rebuilt in the wake of fire . 
 the hittites had nominated a new king , and rebuilt the walls of the city in stone . 
 and then they 'd gone away . 
 they had bigger concerns than a minor greek incursion , greater enemies in the shape of assyria and egypt . 
 they had n't bothered to make any demands , or send any warnings to greece . 
 probably they considered the slaughter at miletos warning enough , and it had worked . 
 in the years since there had been an occasional raid , small in scale and quick , but nothing more . 
 no town had been attacked at all . 
 greeks needed land as badly now as they had twenty years ago . 
 greece itself had too many people and too little land , and food was always a little scarce . 
 not urgently so , most of the time ; the harvests were reliable , at least . 
 but even a small upset in the weather could cause a serious shortage of grain , for example . 
 greece needed new supplies , and secure ones , before a really bad year spread famine through the land . 
 today they found their new fields in the west , on sicily and the coasts beyond , where there was no empire to rebuff them . 
 but helen was had come east , to walk the streets of storied miletos with four soldiers as her guard . 
 she hardly noticed anymore when people stopped to stare at her , mouths slightly agape and eyes wide . 
 her beauty was something she lived with , and the reactions of men not worth her attention . 
 she looked instead at the harbour of mermaids , and the island fortress of lade beyond it , shining white in the sunlight . 
 she crossed the meander river by a bridge made of bronze , a thing she 'd never even heard of before and wondered at , amazed by its beauty . 
 in the south of the city she roamed the great stadium , a semi-circle cut into a hillside and lined with tiers of seats , and she gawked at pillared halls and red-tiled houses , and ate slivers of spiced duck from a street vendor until juices ran down her chin and she laughed as she wiped them away . 
 in the market she sold some of the jewels menelaus had given her . 
 a set of pearls from egypt , and lapis from far india . 
 probably she took less than they were worth , but that did n't matter . 
 it was important to be rid of them , those reminders of her time as little more than a pampered slave , or a captive . 
 if her life was beginning anew then let it be so , with no baggage from her former existence left to weigh her down as she walked . 
 she used some of the coin to buy diaphanous silk scarves , and some simple silver bracelets . 
 at a sweet-smelling stall she stopped for a hair lotion scented with jasmine , and lotus-blossom soap . 
 she was aware of her guards watching her , no doubt imagining how she would look wearing only those scarves and her perfume , but she ignored them . 
 none of this was for their benefit . 
 she went to paris ' rooms that night , for the first time , and when he looked up she slipped off her robe to reveal her body clad only in the scarves , her jasmine-smelling hair a tawny cascade down her back . 
 in the next hour she learned that menelaus was an ordinary lover too . 
 he 'd been her first , and until tonight her only ; that was the reality of life for noble women in greece . 
 a princess who took lovers would never be marriageable , and once wed there was no opportunity . 
 helen had always been trailed by guards and handmaidens , alone only when she slept . 
 because of that she 'd never known whether menelaus was delicate or clumsy , compared to other men . 
 as paris touched her , and kissed her skin , she learned . 
 her husband was simply inept in bed , at least compared to paris . 
 twice helen found herself gasping under paris ' dextrous touch , before he 'd even entered her . 
 when finally he did she clawed at his back and cried out , calling aphrodite 's name . 
 it was a long time before she felt able to speak , after . 
 she lay in a welter of sheets with paris ' head on her stomach , stroking his hair and looking at the red weals on his shoulder blades . 
 i made those , she thought wonderingly . 
 she 'd never done anything like that before . 
 `` we 're married now , '' she said at last . 
 `` even before the priests speak the words . 
 we 're married . '' 
 his head moved slightly . 
 `` i promised we would be . '' 
 `` in troy ? '' 
 `` right now , if we can find a priest to set aside your vows to menelaus , '' he said . 
 `` i little coin should make that possible . '' 
 `` then now , '' she said . 
 `` but , paris . 
 do n't ever mention his name in our bed again . 
 i do n't want even his memory here with us . '' 
 he sat up , a sheet tangled around his waist . 
 he was a smaller man than menelaus , perhaps equal in height but more trimly built . 
 `` all right . 
 i 'll take you to places where he never went , and they 'll be just for us , helen . 
 memories only we share . '' 
 `` take me where ? '' 
 `` egypt , '' he said . 
 `` my brother lycaon has been there . 
 he still talks about the great pyramids west of the river , shining white in the sun . 
 they 're thousands of years old , and no one remembers now who built them , or why . 
 i 'll show you tyre , in phoenicia , a city built on an island off the coast . 
 i 'll take you to hattusa , the city of the lion ; and to the euxine sea and all the lands around it , even colchis itself . 
 we 'll drink the forest wines and watch men draw sheepskins out of the rivers with gold heavy on the fleece . '' 
 `` i 'd like to see crete , '' she said . 
 paris shook his head . 
 `` that 's too dangerous . 
 the argives will be looking for you . 
 i do n't think you should go near the greensea again , at least until all this settles down again . '' 
 `` ephesus ? '' 
 `` we 'll go home that way , '' he promised . 
 `` overland , so we avoid argive pirates . 
 the road runs through ephesus and cyme , and if there 's time i 'll take you to the carpet bazaar in sardis . 
 they have a glass roof there , each pane coloured so the light dances on the floor . 
 `` and in each place , '' he went on , before she could speak , `` i 'll show you another pleasure of the bedroom . '' 
 he drew her closer . 
 `` and you 'll forget him a little more each time . '' 
 she opened her mouth to his kiss , and was already reaching for him as he laid her back down on the bed . 
 chapter fifteen women and bulls after the summons came , the king went up the hill to his palace alone . 
 he used one of the servants ' doors , as he often did , slipping in unnoticed except for a single maid carrying laundry to the washroom out back . 
 she nodded to him and carried on with her business : this had never been a formal palace . 
 the king went upstairs , into the nursery , and stood staring down at his son for a long time . 
 his wife found him there , late in the afternoon . 
 `` was it what you expected ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he nodded without turning around . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` the kings will gather in mycenae ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she came closer , putting a long-fingered hand on his shoulder . 
 `` that will not commit you to anything . 
 why do you fear it so ? '' 
 `` because of the high king , '' he replied . 
 `` because of what he is , and longs for . 
 agamemnon wants to be the man who breaks the cage which holds greece . 
 the cage of too little land , too few farms . 
 he dreams of seizing territory across the sea , a land greater than crete was , as rich as the delta of egypt . 
 he and menelaus used to talk about a conquest there , did you know that ? '' 
 `` i expect it was agamemnon who talked of it , '' she said , `` and menelaus who listened , and followed along . '' 
 he laughed , a short hard sound . 
 `` yes . 
 i expect it was , at that . 
 but the greek kings would never follow him there , and he knows it . 
 so he must look elsewhere , and there are n't many places around the greensea that are large and productive enough for his dream . '' 
 `` and one of those is troy . '' 
 `` one is troy , '' odysseus agreed . 
 `` priam has given agamemnon a perfect excuse . 
 i would never have thought he 'd be so stupid . 
 troy is mightier now than she was thirty years ago , or even ten . 
 in another generation she 'll be a power to rival hattusa , or thebes itself , if she has peace to grow . 
 now , with one act of folly , she has put all that at risk . '' 
 he could feel her thinking , and then she said what he 'd thought she would . 
 `` but why do you fear this ? '' 
 `` because ithaca will be dragged in . 
 a war against troy will be too large a thing for any greek king to stand aside . '' 
 he drew a breath , nodded at the cradle . 
 `` and because of him . '' 
 the baby boy slept on , oblivious to the conversation . 
 telemachus was n't even a month old yet , and was still at the stage where he looked like any generic baby . 
 to someone else 's eyes it would likely be hard to tell if he was a boy or a girl . 
 but odysseus thought he knew every crease of the boy 's flesh already , every fold of skin and crinkle of eye . 
 he drank the sight of his son the way a bird drinks from a pool in a hot summer . 
 he and penelope had been married a long time now , years in which she had three times carried a baby and three times lost it , always to tears and bitter grief . 
 odysseus had done his best to comfort her , hiding his own keening sorrow ; when he wept it was alone , out on the hills as he watched over flocks , or in the cold hours of the night when he cried in empty rooms before going back to bed . 
 penelope almost certainly knew some of that . 
 wives picked up their husbands ' moods , and she more than most . 
 then she had fallen pregnant again , and the weeks had turned into months without disaster , with no return of the familiar pain . 
 they had begun to see the faint light of hope in one another 's eyes as penelope 's belly swelled . 
 and telemachus had been born , a little small perhaps but healthy , a pink crying thing that changed the world forever . 
 had changed odysseus 's part of the world , at least . 
 other things remained the same , among them the endless hunger of agamemnon for glory , for a name to ring down the ages . 
 and this war was n't even necessary . 
 there were greek colony towns in the west now , small as yet but growing rapidly . 
 several had appeared on sicily , using soil made fertile by the looming volcano , etna . 
 further north there were more on the mainland , in locri and hesperia , built in narrow valleys much like those in greece itself . 
 odysseus had been there , seen the black earth for himself ; he knew how productive those towns would one day become . 
 beyond that were more lands , long coasts washed by the gentle greensea and fed by great rivers . 
 hardly anyone lived there , except a small band of tribesmen now and then . 
 the land was free , or as near as mattered . 
 all the greeks needed to do was sail there and claim it . 
 instead the atreides thirsted for a ruinous war in the east , against an enemy stronger than any other on the greensea except egypt itself . 
 and if troy was thrown down , odysseus would n't bet against agamemnon 's eyes turning south to the pyramids before many years had passed . 
 `` if i must go to war , '' he said at length , `` i can not be here to protect him . 
 i 've made the trade agreements we needed . 
 there 's no reason for me to go sailing again , or to leave ithaca at all . 
 i had planned to be here , to watch him take his first steps , and to grow . '' 
 `` then persuade the kings not to go to war . '' 
 `` persuade them , '' he said , and gave that bark of a laugh again . 
 `` you know what they call me , love . 
 the shepherd king . 
 they tolerate me when they must , but they do n't listen to me . '' 
 `` that 's not all they call you , '' penelope said . 
 she could be harsh sometimes , when she thought he was being self-indulgent . 
 `` they call you chorikos , the peasant . 
 they say you spend your time with your arm up an oxen 's arse helping it give birth , or rolling in the manure of your sheep . 
 and you do , when it 's needed . 
 it never bothered you before . '' 
 `` we did n't have him before , '' odysseus said , with a gesture toward the sleeping child . 
 `` then speak better than you have before , for his sake , '' penelope said implacably . 
 `` find the winged words that will sway them , pour olympian doubts into their hearts . 
 sow the dragon 's teeth that gnaw at their heart for war . 
 find a way to turn this evil aside . '' 
 he was silent for some time then . 
 his fear threatened to swallow him , but her words had brought him back to at least a semblance of normality now , and he could think . 
 nestor would help him , of course : it was the old king of messenia who had warned odysseus about events at troy , three weeks ago now . 
 menestheus might join them too , though that depended on what he thought attica could gain from war . 
 his was a crowded country even by the standards of greece . 
 and then there was diomedes , the warrior lord of argolis . 
 if he argued against war there might be a chance to prevent it . 
 but the kings who would vote for war were more numerous . 
 agamemnon and menelaus certainly would , the two sons of atreus ; there was no doubt of that . 
 telamon of salamis would join them , angered by priam 's constant demands for the return of hesione . 
 agapenor did whatever agamemnon asked of him , like a trained and faithful hound . 
 thalpius of elis just liked to fight , as so many others did , including schedius and prothous -- neither of them popular men , and both would be loath to defy agamemnon because of that . 
 they did n't have enough friends to risk the anger of the high king . 
 `` it 's going to depend on diomedes , '' he said . 
 `` if he decides on war i do n't think it can be stopped . '' 
 `` then go to argolis and talk to him , '' penelope said . 
 she took his hand and lifted it to her lips . 
 `` you 're a good man , husband . 
 whatever happens , telemachus will grow up knowing he has a father who loves him . '' 
 `` if he grows up knowing his father at all , '' odysseus said . 
 he shook himself though , refusing to let the dark mood take him again . 
 penelope was right . 
 the struggle was not yet lost . 
 * the message was simple , the wording blunt . 
 just like the atreides , peleus thought as he read . 
 king of thessaly the high king has called a gathering of all the greek monarchs at mycenae , two days after the next full moon . 
 your presence is required . 
 be sure to bring your son . 
 on behalf of agamemnon , lion of achaea `` lion of achaea , '' thetis said mockingly . 
 she was reading the missive over his shoulder . 
 `` he calls himself that because there are lions carved into the gates of his citadel . 
 it 's not as though he earned the name . '' 
 `` hush , '' he said . 
 `` you never know who might hear . '' 
 `` in your own palace ? '' 
 she asked , even more scornfully . 
 `` well , if there are spies here , then let them hear me say agamemnon is more the great bull men call him , than the lion he calls himself . '' 
 `` he hates that name . '' 
 `` with his broad nose , so he might , '' thetis laughed . 
 she had never really understood the way kingship worked . 
 thetis had been raised on scyros , among coastal folk who spent as much time in the water as they did on land . 
 she 'd told him once that she was born in a boat , out of sight of land . 
 later she became a priestess of dionysius on the island , giving herself over to a life of joy and abandon , spending as much time playing in the water as she did at the temple . 
 peleus had met her on the beach on summer night , during one of the festivals of wine and fertility . 
 priestesses often took men to their beds on such nights -- or to a bed of sea-grass in the dunes , if that was closer -- but it was n't compulsory . 
 peleus had been surprised when a lovely girl with dark hair took his hand and drew him into the darkness . 
 he 'd been even more astonished when he returned three months later to find she was pregnant with his child . 
 priestesses were supposed to have ways to stop that happening . 
 she 'd left the priesthood behind , and the island too , to become his wife . 
 peleus had n't even thought about rejecting her . 
 there was a streak of white in her hair now , running back from above her right eye , but she was still beautiful . 
 like a sea-nymph whose veins were filled with brine , and who did n't feel the passing years as mortal men did . 
 he had felt too many , himself . 
 peleus was well past forty now , and every winter seemed to have added another ache to his body . 
 in his knees , his shoulder from throwing a spear , in his hips . 
 he did n't want to go to war again . 
 raiding was one thing , but a struggle against a committed foe quite another . 
 he sighed and rubbed his eyes . 
 `` send to achilles , '' he said . 
 `` a letter from you will reach him quicker than one from me , on that island . '' 
 `` and tell him what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you read the letter . 
 you know what to say , '' he replied evenly . 
 `` tell him i wish to meet him in mycenae , no later than a day after the full moon . 
 greece is going to war . 
 he wo n't want to miss it . '' 
 * `` he summons me , '' idomeneus said . 
 `` like calling a dog to heel ! 
 i tell you i will not have it ! '' 
 he threw the parchment down on the floor , which did n't really work . 
 the sheet fluttered gently to the tiles , impervious to his anger . 
 servants around the room cringed and sidled backwards if they could , putting an extra few inches between them and their king . 
 idomeneus ' temper was well known . 
 servants had been injured before , by fists or flying crockery . 
 he wheeled and strode out onto the roof terrace , just to get away from the cringing , and all the eyes that would n't look at him . 
 being there calmed his anger , at least a little . 
 sometimes it did . 
 this was one of the buildings which had survived the earthquake twenty years ago more or less intact , and idomeneus liked to look over the city below and remember that minos had once stood at this parapet , with the crimson pillars of the upper storey behind him . 
 there was a double-headed axe at each corner of the terrace , the labrys that had been the symbol of crete in the days of its glory . 
 it still was , really : the greeks called idomeneus lord of the house of axes , among other names . 
 the palace was different , too -- an anaktora , it was called here . 
 the minoans had built in an open style , fearing no attack while their navies ruled the seas . 
 as the palace stepped down the hillside and became the city , idomeneus eyes were drawn to wide stairways , rectangular pools of cool water , and rooftop platforms exposed to the sun . 
 knossos was a beautiful city , if one liked that sort of thing . 
 idomeneus did n't , not really , but he did prefer this airy palace to the cramped castles of the mainland , where he always felt the walls were pressing in on him . 
 `` i am not his subordinate , '' he growled , to no one in particular . 
 `` that kopros eater mistakes me for one of the whining curs of greece . '' 
 `` so stop whining , '' meriones said behind him . 
 idomeneus glowered at his cousin , not that it did any good . 
 the other man had suffered worse setbacks in his life than a glare from his king . 
 he would look rather like idomeneus , tall and angular , were it not for the hideous scar on the left side of his head , which in truth was more of a crater than a wound . 
 the earthquake two decades earlier had trapped him under falling rubble , some of which had caved in his skull and really ought to have killed him . 
 somehow meriones had emerged rasping with thirst and smeared in dust , but otherwise perfectly healthy . 
 he was the only man brave enough to follow idomeneus onto the terrace in one of his rages , or to tell him the truth when that was unpleasant . 
 he still looked appalling , though . 
 `` i am not whining , '' idomeneus snapped . 
 `` i am complaining , and give my body to the dogs if i do n't have a right to . 
 that tyrant in mycenae is getting far too self-important . 
 atreus was the same in his day , and a bad egg comes from a bad crow , they say . '' 
 `` whining , complaining , '' meriones said , `` it 's the same thing in the end . 
 you know very well that agamemnon can be as arrogant as he wants , but he still ca n't force you to attend this meeting . 
 what 's it about , anyway ? 
 helen ? '' 
 `` of course helen , '' he said , still angry . 
 `` there 's no other reason to summon the kings , is there ? '' 
 a shrug . 
 `` i do n't know of one . 
 but agamemnon would find a reason if he needed one , for whatever scheme he 's hatching this time . 
 you 're right about him , cousin . 
 he is n't to be trusted . '' 
 `` that 's what i 've been saying , '' idomeneus said , aggrieved . 
 meriones gave another shrug , as though to say he knew that , and the king wheeled away again and stalked to the stone balustrade , fighting to control his temper . 
 damn agamemnon to hades for his pride . 
 damn him and damn him . 
 crete could be as powerful as any of the kingdoms of the mainland . 
 more so than any , in fact , as it had been before . 
 even today the island boasted cities to rival any in greece -- phaestus , kato zakros , knossos itself -- and innumerable smaller settlements : it was known as the land of a hundred towns . 
 it contained some of the richest plains , the lushest mountain slopes . 
 yet still , it was only a shadow of what it had been when minos ruled here , before zeus turned the sky black and poseidon threw a wall of water against the land . 
 you could still see the line , where the sea had reached . 
 idomeneus had stood on that high-water mark and shuddered at his distance from the shore . 
 in the end crete was a maritime nation . 
 the sea could be an enemy , but it was also the island 's best friend , a provider of food and protection from attack . 
 and crete lay halfway between greece and egypt , between greece and phoenicia too , a natural place for galleys to stop as they journeyed across the greensea . 
 it should benefit from passing trade just as troy did . 
 again , once it had , when minos ruled in knossos . 
 but to do so it needed control of the seas , and when minos fell it was the greeks who built ships to replace the ones smashed to matchwood on the north coast of crete . 
 it was they who dominated the waves now . 
 his hands gripped the balustrade . 
 on the wall behind him , at the top of the crimson pillars , a carved bull 's head glowered over the terrace . 
 it was huge , many times life size , black with blood red eyes that sometimes seemed to gleam in sunlight , as though alive . 
 idomeneus had often felt it was watching him , or the spirits of the dead minoan kings were , with contempt in their shrivelled souls . 
 he was half what minos had been . 
 a quarter as much . 
 but he could be more , if the fates were kind . 
 `` i do n't want to go to war , '' he said . 
 `` certainly not in troy . 
 those walls would stand against a hundred cyclops . '' 
 `` so do n't go , '' meriones said . 
 `` do n't answer the summons . '' 
 `` agamemnon would go insane . 
 he 'd likely bring his fleet here on the way to troy , just so he could burn the harbour of knossos to teach me a lesson . '' 
 his knuckles whitened where they clutched the stone . 
 `` it grieves me to say it , but we 're not strong enough to stop him . '' 
 meriones said nothing to that . 
 he knew it was true better than anyone , being captain of idomeneus ' armies , including the ships . 
 the cretan navy could inflict terrible losses on agamemnon 's fleet , but not enough to stop them . 
 knossos would still burn , which meant idomeneus could n't simply refuse the high king 's summons , though that admission gnawed at his innards like wormwood . 
 he had to find another way . 
 temper fading , his mind began to work . 
 `` the loss of trade from the trojan road has hurt us , '' he said finally . 
 `` caused unrest in the villages and towns . '' 
 `` not much of it , '' meriones began . 
 idomeneus cut him off with a raised hand before he could go further . 
 `` enough that i have to decline the high king 's invitation , '' he said . 
 `` with regret . 
 matters here require my attention , though of course i have as much desire to see the trojans whipped as any king . 
 instead i 'll send you , cousin . 
 you can make my excuses , and listen to the discussion in my place . 
 i doubt they 'll protest too much , at least not to your face . '' 
 meriones lifted a hand to touch the caved-in part of his skull . 
 `` because few men can stand to look at me for long , yes . '' 
 `` but agamemnon will talk to you , '' idomeneus went on , thinking it through . 
 `` he 'll want cretan aid , if he 's going for troy . 
 hades , he 'll need it , especially in terms of ships . 
 we ca n't match the rest of greece together , but we 've a larger fleet than any single nation except egypt . 
 `` so he 'll ask for our aid . 
 and you , cousin , will tell him crete stands ready to supply ships -- fifty of them at least . 
 no ! 
 tell him a hundred . 
 perhaps not enough men to fill them all , if i have to keep some back to quell trouble in the villages , but promise the ships . 
 at a price . '' 
 meriones waited , and then asked quietly , `` what price ? '' 
 `` a wife , '' idomeneus said . 
 `` helen refused me , two years ago . 
 i was n't really surprised , given the number of rivals for her hand , though i could n't believe she chose that hairy fool menelaus . 
 but anyway , she was a chance to bind crete more tightly to the greeks of the mainland , through marriage into the great kingdoms . 
 to laconia through helen herself , and to achaea by means of her sister clytemnestra . 
 and to ithaca , i suppose , '' he added as an afterthought , `` if we count their cousin , penelope . 
 and how the peasant king of that arse-spawned island won her , i do n't understand at all . '' 
 `` what wife ? '' 
 meriones asked . 
 idomeneus turned to face him . 
 it was an effort to unclench his fingers from the balustrade , actually , and more difficult not to let it show . 
 `` iphigenia . 
 agamemnon 's eldest child . '' 
 the maimed man 's expression said he 'd already guessed as much . 
 `` she ca n't be more than fifteen . '' 
 `` old enough . '' 
 idomeneus waved a hand . 
 `` ideal , in fact . 
 neither you now i have children , cousin . 
 our line will die out unless we act , and we both lack wives . 
 you because you never wed , and me because she died . 
 i need heirs . 
 iphigenia is the perfect age . '' 
 `` she is twenty-five years younger than you are , '' meriones said deliberately . 
 `` she will hate being your wife and she 'll tell her father so . 
 agamemnon will never forget what you made him do . 
 or forgive you for it . '' 
 idomeneus nodded . 
 that was the risk , right enough , but it was worth taking . 
 any king worth the name tried to make his country stronger , and there would always be danger in that . 
 but he thought in this case it could be dealt with . 
 his mind worked , foreseeing possibilities . 
 `` he wo n't be able to spare the men to do anything about it , if he 's going after troy , '' he told meriones . 
 `` and if he is n't he 'll just refuse , and i 'll smile and say i understand , so nothing will be lost . 
 but if he agrees ... i get children , meriones , and i gain allies so strong nobody will dare move against me . 
 with that shelter i can begin to make crete strong again , while the greeks and trojans smash each other into pieces . '' 
 `` risky , '' meriones said . 
 a smile was growing on his lopsided face though . 
 `` but i like it . '' 
 there would be details to work out , of course . 
 meriones could n't simply demand that agamemnon hand over his daughter for marriage : the high king would just knife him in rage . 
 delicacy was the key , and idomeneus had never been very good at the soft approach . 
 well , he 'd think of something . 
 the new moon was a week away yet , plenty of time to hatch a plot . 
 the greek settlers on crete , newcomers here really , told a tale of a dolphin woman named amphitrite , who like all her kind was a shape-shifter . 
 one day she was sunbathing with her friends on the beach , in human form , when poseidon saw her and fell hopelessly in love . 
 but she refused him , and in sorrow and loneliness he stirred up the seas and wrecked ships on all the shores of the greensea , until at last the god persuaded her father nereus to go to her . 
 he found her hiding high on mount juktas , south of knossos , and spoke so eloquently that amphitrite relented , and she married poseidon in a sea cave at the eastern end of crete in the summertime . 
 no sooner had the ceremony been held than the earth-shaker 's angst subsided , and the sea grew calm and tranquil once more . 
 the indigenous cretans , descendants of the old minoans , told a different story . 
 they said the seas had churned because a stone god rose to challenge the sky , only to be smashed into pieces which fell into the greensea and threw up enormous waves . 
 one of those fragments struck crete and was transformed into a black bull with crimson eyes , which lurked beneath the earth until theseus came from attica and slew it . 
 it was time for crete to become the land of bulls again , and perhaps the marriage of amphitrite could serve as a prophecy . 
 the seas around the island would become tranquil again , and safe . 
 and idomeneus would be the new minos , rising from the ruin of the old . 
 chapter sixteen at the ships soldiers were working along much of the road from troy down to the beach . 
 mursili thought they were idaians , the ones usually in armour lacquered green and blue , though today they wore only shirts and kilts with swords belted at their waists . 
 short swords , he noticed , barely a foot and a half from hilt to point , with fullers half an inch thick to give the weapon strength . 
 bronze cracked easily when struck . 
 iron did not . 
 mursili would make much finer swords , now the promised supplies had begun to arrive . 
 he thought the soldiers were surveying the eastern channel of the scamander river . 
 the shallower parts could be dredged , and the earth and stones piled on the eastern bank to make it higher , a more formidable barrier . 
 or to provide shelter for archers , he supposed . 
 mursili was n't a warrior , had never been in a battle in his life , but you could n't live in hattusa and not pick up the basics of war and how it was fought . 
 the hittites had built their empire on military power . 
 there was hardly a family in the land without at least one son in the army . 
 troy had not constructed its power from warfare , but the signs were unmistakable . 
 the city was preparing for war . 
 it was n't just the men at the river . 
 other soldiers had spent several days clearing undergrowth from the slopes of the ridge on which troy sat , stripping it right down to the rock-strewn soil . 
 to keep spotters from coming too close to the walls , of course . 
 more were at work in bunarbi ; mursili had seen them walking out , not long after dawn two days running . 
 probably they were strengthening the village 's wooden walls , and digging the moat deeper or wider or both . 
 fletchers and bowyers had suddenly begun to scour the eastern hills , looking for good wood to make arrows and bows . 
 mursili had wondered why they did n't cut the willow and tamarisk along the scamander 's banks , since the trees there were closer and grew straight . 
 `` that river wanders across the plain as it is , '' phereclus had told him when he asked . 
 `` take away the trees , and the scamander might break into twenty channels when the spring floods come , instead of the two it has now . 
 that would be bad for the horses , do you see ? '' 
 mursili saw . 
 he saw it would be bad for defence as well , if instead of two deep braids the river formed two dozen shallow ones . 
 attacking greeks would n't have much trouble forcing a way across those . 
 he did n't think phereclus realised that . 
 the colchian was clever , and becoming a good friend , but he thought of everything in terms of the sea . 
 mursili stood aside as three wagons creaked slowly up the road , each one drawn by four oxen . 
 they did n't move fast -- a man could walk more quickly -- but once oxen were moving , they just kept plodding on . 
 they 'd trample right over mursili if he did n't get out of the way . 
 the wheels were wet from the ford , but they still raised clouds of dust behind them , and he tied a cloth over his mouth and nose before he went on . 
 the bay of troy was as busy as always . 
 mursili estimated there were about thirty ships in view , all but a handful drawn up on the gritty beach . 
 some of those were unloading cargo or taking it on : others just lay there like seals on rocks , waiting for their crews to return from wasting their wages in the taverns and reed houses of troy . 
 a few were heading north , out to the hellespont and the greensea beyond it , taking advantage of the meltemi 's absence . 
 the north wind had n't blown for several days now . 
 mursili wondered if he should see an omen in that , and if so whether it was a good sign or bad . 
 not far from where the road ended , right where the three argive kings had beached their ships , another vessel now sat . 
 it rested on logs for rolling , but ropes held it in place for now . 
 some two hundred men stood in a wide semi-circle around the prow , talking among themselves . 
 white and gold armour flashed brightly in the crowd , the colours of the apollonians , and mursili realised that hector himself must be here . 
 he was looking for a different man though , and when he found it mursili skirted around the crowd towards him . 
 they were alike , in a way . 
 both foreigners , both here at troy as the summer waned . 
 their reasons might be different , but then , reasons usually were . 
 `` have you been aboard ? '' 
 he asked . 
 crescas nodded . 
 `` until phereclus told me to get off his deck before he had me thrown over the side . '' 
 `` you like it , then . '' 
 `` it makes the ships i grew up with look like children 's toys , '' the argive said . 
 `` i 'm going to have to take a look at phereclus ' shipyard , see the hulls before they 're finished . 
 that boat has a keel . '' 
 he pronounced the word carefully , as though unused to it . 
 `` apparently it 's how the ships in colchis hold together in waves that would break a greek vessel apart . '' 
 mursili could n't see the keel , whatever that was . 
 or if he could , he did n't recognise it . 
 but just glancing from the new galley to the more usual greek ones , resting on the strand , he could see differences . 
 phereclus ' creation was longer , perhaps by six or eight yards , and the stern swept up higher than any other on the beach . 
 something was new about the mast as well . 
 he had to stare at it for a long moment before he saw it was square-cut , not round as on argive boats . 
 whether that mattered , he did n't know . 
 he was even more clueless about ships than he was about warfare . 
 `` your luwian has improved , '' crescas said . 
 `` it was a year before i could speak the language as well as you do . '' 
 `` i learn quickly , '' mursili said . 
 he should n't be curt to this man . 
 it was crescas ' ships that were bringing iron to troy for mursili to work . 
 everything mursili hoped to do here depended on him . 
 success would mean an honoured place , a reasonable amount of wealth , perhaps even marriage to a distressingly tall trojan woman . 
 failure led to disgrace and probably exile from the city , in which case he 'd have nowhere to go . 
 who would take on a hittite smith who could n't shape metal ? 
 the crowd was growing , as more people came down from the city or wandered along the beach from their own ships . 
 the apollonians gathered around the ship , forming a loose cordon , though they were n't fully armed . 
 mursili did n't think they 'd need to be . 
 none of the watchers showed an urge to push forward . 
 they knew what would happen to anyone who challenged the apollonians . 
 `` ah , '' crescas said . 
 mursili had seen it too : a pair of figures had appeared on the prow of the ship , standing by the rail . 
 one was phereclus : his thinning hair looked lush from down here . 
 the other was hector , unmistakeable in his size and bearing , and the whole crowd sent up a spontaneous cheer . 
 hector asked for quiet with raised hands , smiling down on them all . 
 `` normally we would n't bother to hold a ceremony for the launch of a boat , '' hector began . 
 `` but this -- what is it ? '' 
 phereclus had leaned across to murmur in the prince 's ear . 
 a moment later hector grinned . 
 `` it seems i 've transgressed , '' he said . 
 `` this is a ship , not a boat . 
 since it 's our esteemed shipbuilder from colchis who tells me this , perhaps i ought to listen , do n't you think ? '' 
 there was laughter , which hector allowed to ride for a moment . 
 he really is good , mursili thought as he watched . 
 hector knew how to play a crowd , could even laugh at himself and use that to gain sympathy and support . 
 in hattusa the princes would never have bothered , except with the soldiers , and even then mursili doubted any did so as easily as hector . 
 `` this ship is different , '' hector resumed when there was silence again . 
 `` it 's the first completed by that esteemed shipbuilder i mentioned , namely phereclus here . 
 he 's been teaching our own shipwrights the tricks of colchis . 
 this will be the finest ship on the greensea , my friends , and in a few short years we 'll have the finest fleet besides . 
 `` but the first thing to do is let a crew sail her . 
 the men who 'll do so are down among you now , waiting to roll her into the water . 
 in a moment we 'll stand aside and let them get to it , but first this vessel needs a name . 
 i thought we should let phereclus choose . 
 my friend ? '' 
 `` she 's the qulha , '' phereclus said . 
 `` an ancient name for my homeland . '' 
 `` qulha it is , '' hector agreed . 
 `` move away then , everyone . 
 phereclus , she 's your ship . '' 
 the crowd did n't move back much , if at all , but the colchian nodded to someone mursili could n't see and a moment later a bass voice began shouting orders . 
 fifty men took positions by the ropes which held the newly-named ship steady atop the wooden rollers . 
 at another yell axes thudded down to sever the ropes , and slowly the logs creaked as qulha began to move . 
 `` hold her ! '' 
 phereclus shouted from the deck . 
 the sailors were already doing their best , muscles straining as they hauled on the ropes in four long lines , fighting to keep the ship straight . 
 beside phereclus the prince kept his balance easily , not even holding to the rail for support . 
 that must be what half a lifetime riding chariots did for you . 
 the stentorian voice snapped more orders and on mursili 's side the men let tension off the ropes , so the ship was pulled the other way . 
 she was moving quite fast when there was a mighty splash and water sprayed up from the stern as it entered the sea . 
 most of the crowd cheered again . 
 `` i wonder what will happen , '' crescas said , `` when the greeks see that ship sailing the greensea . '' 
 that was a thought mursili had already considered . 
 the argives would sink her , of course , especially now their relations with troy were so poor . 
 though in fact they would n't even need that excuse . 
 greek prosperity depended wholly on mastery of the seas , just as crete had relied upon it until half a century before . 
 any potential challenge to that dominance needed to be crushed at once . 
 surely priam and his advisors knew that . 
 they had still launched though . 
 perhaps they knew something mursili did n't . 
 he hoped so . 
 `` just as long as they do n't sink the ships with my iron on board , '' he said . 
 he 'd thought earlier that phereclus ' mind focused entirely on the sea , but the truth was that mursili was just as obsessed by his own work . 
 phereclus had said something to that effect the day they 'd met , in fact . 
 mursili pondered that , and then asked , `` do you think the argives really will attack , then ? '' 
 the greek-born merchant looked at him . 
 `` do you really think they wo n't ? 
 war is what argives do . 
 it 's how they respond to any threat or problem . 
 of course they 're going to attack . '' 
 there was a sinking sensation in mursili 's stomach . 
 he did n't want to find himself in the middle of a war , not here in windy troy . 
 he 'd expected to find tranquillity here , when he came . 
 `` then i 'd better make my swords quickly , had n't i ? '' 
 `` yes , '' crescas said . 
 he 'd turned back to qulha , now floating free in the waters of the bay . 
 `` i think you better had . '' 
 * `` i 'm surprised you made it , '' nikos said . 
 `` tore yourself away from your redhead , did you ? '' 
 `` shut up , '' isander said . 
 the other man 's grin widened . 
 `` such a witty retort . 
 i do n't know how you think of them so quickly . '' 
 gorka smiled and , typically enough , said nothing . 
 in truth , isander did n't really mind the teasing . 
 since he and meliza had become lovers nikos did n't seem quite as sophisticated as he had before . 
 or perhaps it was that isander was more sophisticated . 
 he supposed that was inevitable , now he 'd left his little village behind and moved to olympia instead . 
 it was meliza who had changed him though , and not the city itself . 
 she 'd shown him bed games , of course : things to make a goddess blush and cover her eyes . 
 but she 'd shown him much more than that . 
 singing in the ceremonies of aphrodite at her temple , surrounded by smiles and laughter . 
 the sterner rituals of willow-bound artemis , the virgin goddess , whose favour meliza asked as all reed girls did , that their bodies not betray them with pregnancy or disease . 
 she took him to the theatre , where her whispers in his ear meant he actually understood the play for once -- though they also filled him with such heat that he all but groaned with it . 
 she took care of that later , back at her room . 
 there were honeyed apples eaten on the slopes of mount cronos , and a pigeon cooked over her own hearth stuffed with raisins and sesame seeds , and a blend of herbs she would n't describe . 
 with her he discovered markets tucked away in back streets , almost impossible to find unless you knew where they were . 
 instead of stalls there were small handcarts , or sometimes just bags that folded out to reveal their contents ; things that could be moved swiftly away if a soldier or taxman came sniffing . 
 the bazaar could vanish in less than a minute , its traders melting into alleys and the customers becoming no more than citizens taking the air . 
 but while the sellers were there you could buy things at half their usual price ; saffron from the east , powdered ivory from egypt , lion 's teeth and tiny clay pots of pepper . 
 meliza had stopped isander buying one of those until she could check that it really was pepper inside , and not dried bat guano or something just as vile . 
 no taxmen meant cheaper prices , but no government checks meant more chance of being fleeced . 
 meliza was working today . 
 isander found he did n't like that very much , but he could n't think of a way to raise the subject without making her angry . 
 besides , he did n't know why it upset him to think of her with other men , or what he could do about it in any case . 
 until he could figure that out , he 'd do better to keep quiet and enjoy the time he had with her . 
 more sophisticated , he thought , and chuckled inwardly . 
 `` you 're just in time , as it happens , '' nikos said . 
 `` let 's get moving before crowds block all the gates . '' 
 they set off through the city , hurrying a little . 
 olympia was busy today , the streets thronged with people in from the countryside . 
 word had spread rapidly of troy 's shocking raid on sparta , and the seizure of helen from her own palace . 
 it was plain treachery , captain socus said , to lure a king away with promises of talks and then kidnap his wife while he was gone . 
 isander agreed with him , actually . 
 when women were taken it was usually as a result of impetuousness , not this carefully planned plot . 
 most people did n't seem to care very much about menelaus and helen . 
 several times isander had heard someone say that if the king of sparta could n't keep hold of his wife that was his affair , and nothing to do with them . 
 but they could work out consequences as well as anyone . 
 farmers were buying grain for winter planting before prices rose , and masons bought up porphyry just as eagerly . 
 lapis and faience were already more expensive , which had caused a fight which isander 's squad had broken up two days earlier , before anyone suffered worse than a smashed nose . 
 and there was no pepper to be found at all , not in any of the stalls in the agora or the back alley markets either . 
 that had led to a fight which left two men dead , just this morning . 
 isander kept his precious pot wrapped in a tatty chiton , right at the bottom of his rucksack in the barracks . 
 in a month 's time he might be able to sell it for three times what he 'd paid , or more , but he doubted it would last that long . 
 he seemed to have a taste for pepper , and meliza would live on it if she could . 
 the three friends went down the main street to the west gate , which as nikos feared was already crammed with people waiting to come in or out . 
 they joined a queue of raucously unhappy citizens and waited their turn , trying to be patient about it . 
 after what seemed like an hour they were passed through by a guard they knew , and headed quickly down the packed earth road past fields of ripe wheat , towards the kladeos river ahead . 
 there was already a good-sized mob there , centred around a trio of ships drawn up on the shallow strand at the outside of a bend in the river . 
 trading galleys stretched away on each side , but those three were fighting ships , from the navy of elis . 
 soldiers is dusty cuirasses made a half-circle to keep the citizens at bay , while the last preparations were made to sail . 
 isander looked for the king but could n't see him . 
 he did spot socus though , distinctive in his boar 's tusk helmet . 
 the captain strode over to shout something to a man aboard one of the ships ; even two hundred yards away his voice was audible , if not the words . 
 the man 's lungs must be made of leather . 
 street vendors had appeared around the crown , pushing barrows from which they sold figs and glazed fruit , olives and raisins and herb bread . 
 isander thought those sellers must be related to flies , to judge by the way they were drawn to any place where sweaty men gathered in numbers . 
 they seemed to appear out of nowhere , as though they 'd flown in . 
 today neither he nor his friends were hungry though , so they found a fence to lean on and watched the ships preparing down at the river . 
 `` do you think there will be a war ? '' 
 isander asked finally . 
 nikos had picked up a grass stem and was chewing it . 
 he often did that , munching on the stalk as it grew shorter and shorter until only the seed was left , at which he 'd throw it away and pick another . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i mean maybe , '' nikos said . 
 `` king thalpius has been complaining for years that the high king 's laws mean he ca n't fight neighbouring countries , even when he has cause . 
 but he 's kept on training new soldiers -- like us , '' he added wryly , `` which does n't seem quite such a good idea just now , does it ? '' 
 isander did n't understand . 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` so every land in greece has a lot of soldiers , '' nikos said , `` and no wars to keep them busy . 
 can you see any problems with that ? '' 
 he could , of course . 
 bored soldiers were apt to take risks , do foolish things just to break the monotony of long days with nothing to do , and no one to fight . 
 sometimes they 'd support a rebel , back a rival claimant to a throne , simply for something to do . 
 every king must know it . 
 those idle , trained killer 's hands needed to be kept busy . 
 he looked down at the ships again , and presently said , `` we 're going to war in troy , then . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' nikos said . 
 `` and perhaps not . 
 because troy is powerful , my friend . 
 i 'm not sure all of greece together is strong enough to break through those walls . 
 not if what they say is true : that the towers touch the sky , and men can walk four abreast along the parapet . 
 idle soldiers is one thing . 
 sending them to pointless death is another . '' 
 `` well , now , '' a voice said from further along the fence . 
 `` i reckon you 're not a bone-headed idiot after all . '' 
 the speaker was a large man with black hair , and a vivid scar on one muscular forearm . 
 he wore a cuirass , worn with hard use but well cared-for , which would have named him a soldier even if the friends had n't recognised him . 
 that they did was not much comfort . 
 `` axylus , '' nikos greeted coolly . 
 `` i see you 're not going with the king . 
 must be a disappointment . '' 
 isander tensed despite himself . 
 they all knew axylus as a bully of new recruits ; gorka had escaped the bruises because of his size , but the other two had not . 
 few new soldiers did . 
 but the soldier was here alone now , which nikos had doubtless noted before he spoke , and after a brief tightening of his mouth he relaxed again and grinned . 
 `` i would n't want to go to mycenae anyway , '' he said . 
 `` the soldiers who do will have to camp outside the city , and i prefer sleeping in a pallet in the barracks to making do with a mat in the open air . 
 better to stay here , i reckon . '' 
 gorka spoke before nikos could throw another barb . 
 `` what did you mean , about him not being an idiot ? '' 
 `` what he said about troy , '' axylus replied . 
 `` there 's not going to be a war there . 
 i 've seen that city , which i bet none of you young ` uns can say . 
 and only a god-cursed fool would send men against the walls . 
 you 'd leave a lot of men cold on the plain with their mouths full of dust , and for nothing . '' 
 isander could n't help a shiver at those words . 
 he 'd joined the army because he wanted to fight , and thought he could make a success of life as a soldier . 
 besides , there were few ways for a poor villager to rise in the world , apart from fighting . 
 the temples , maybe , but isander did n't have the patience for that . 
 he preferred to be out doing , using his own hands , rather than praying for a god to do it for him . 
 but he had expected his battles to come against bandits in the mountains , or at worst against neighbouring kings . 
 familiar foes , on familiar land . 
 the thought of going into combat on a plain across the sea terrified him . 
 death was n't something a true man should fear , but the prospect of dying far from greece and the gods made him cold inside and out . 
 no one said anything for a long time . 
 axylus went away after a moment , probably to find his friends and then a recruit to harass , but the three friends stayed where they were . 
 nearly an hour later the king appeared , a stocky man dressed in a soldier 's gear , though with a flowing cloak over the top . 
 he boarded the central ship and then crewmen began to work the oars , sending up sheets of spray over the labourers who shoved at the prows . 
 the vessels groaned and then slid into the river , turning as the current caught them . 
 isander saw socus ' tusked helmet once more , but then the sails came down and hid the deck from view . 
 he still watched though , until the ships were out of sight and the crowd dispersed , the vendors going in search of a new gathering where they might sell . 
 chapter seventeen the gathering of kings there was a square-cut gateway , overlooked on both sides by flanking walls made of huge , irregular stones , and cut through another just the same . 
 the builders had used none of the naxos white marble , no porphyry from the distant east . 
 every stone was grey and unpolished , seeming coated in dull dust . 
 it was a wall designed not for beauty , not for style , but to overawe . 
 two lions were carved above the gateway , facing each other with their paws on the base of a fluted pillar . 
 in grey , of course . 
 anyone raised near the greensea would know what that meant , even if they 'd somehow been brought to the gate without the first idea where they were . 
 this was mycenae . 
 inside the city teemed , a crowded mass of people thrust together in a collision of huddled houses . 
 many of them looked as though one of the cyclops said to have built the wall had picked them up and smashed them back down , so they stayed upright only by leaning together . 
 other buildings were mostly wood and cheap clay bricks , patched and lashed together in the gaps between stone dwellings . 
 in places whole streets had been swamped by the rising flood of people , and the shacks they built . 
 but the main avenues were was still clear . 
 the king 's men kept them so , sweeping away any detritus which spilled out from the alleys . 
 shacks were tolerated if they were out of sight , but build near the main roads , and the walls would soon be broken by axes and the hafts of soldiers ' spears . 
 up the slope the avenue ran , once passing through a gate set into a smaller wall , this one made of rammed earth faced with stones . 
 that was the old city wall , back when mycenae was just a small town with a warlord dreaming of greater power . 
 well , all the warlords had wanted greater power , in those days . 
 the kings of greece today owed their lineages to the warriors who had seized it first and held it tightest . 
 up the road went , through a more affluent city now , until a mile from the first gate it reached the citadel . 
 the lions appeared again here , at least twice as large as before . 
 it was this portal that was famous , the lion gate of mycenae , entrance to the fortress of the inner city . 
 towers overlooked the road on both sides , and spikes protruded from between the stones so attackers could n't flatten themselves against the walls . 
 only welcome visitors could pass under the lintel and into the citadel beyond . 
 there the road ran on to the crown of the hill , with guard houses on one side and a circular tomb structure on the other . 
 further along , the right hand side was lined with residences for visiting nobles . 
 for kings , in effect , and the buildings were small palaces , each a miniature copy of a ruler 's hall . 
 across the roadway from them trees grew in neatly trimmed stands , on a steeper hillside cut by flights of stone steps . 
 beyond that , looming over the whole site , was the palace . 
 it was designed to mimic an egyptian pyramid , though with many different buildings : small ones around the outside , then higher , and the tallest at the centre . 
 right in the middle a square tower rose , supported by black pillars , from which the king could look out over his city and the lands around it , like a god atop his mountain . 
 there were those who said agamemnon thought of himself that way , a deity peering down from his eyrie at mortal men . 
 but he was high king , and dislike or no , at his summons the lesser rulers had come . 
 they filled up the guest residences built by atreus , agamemnon 's father , to accommodate them , billeting their servants and entourages where they could . 
 even then there were too few guest halls , and that caused problems . 
 pheidippus of calymne flew into a rage within minutes of his arrival , when he was told he would have to camp among the trees . 
 he took it as a personal insult : other kings are housed , so why should he not be ? 
 finally talthybius , the high king 's herald and advisor , ejected some priests from quarters on the far side of the palace , which gave pheidippus a proper house -- though it was rather small , and isolated from the others . 
 later that day two of the other kings arrived at the same time . 
 schedius and ialmenus had never been friends , as their predecessors as kings of phocis and locris had never got on . 
 even the high king 's authority was hardly enough to keep them from clawing at one another every summer , sending their armies to battle over some minor transgression or imagined slight . 
 beetle-eyed schedius was a warrior of the old sort , tough and uncompromising : ialmenus was even grimmer , if anything , since his son had been killed hunting lions early in the year . 
 which made it inexplicable that talthybius had placed them in residences side by side , like two strange and hostile dogs sharing a single small yard . 
 it was carystus who sorted it out , the king of euboea giving up his own guest palace close to the wall so schedius could take it , and instead accepting the offer of a marquee from a harried-looking talthybius . 
 it meant he had to camp among the trees , but he had hardly less room than his fellow kings , and they already knew he 'd made a sacrifice . 
 if another was needed during the discussion he would not be expected to offer again . 
 the full moon passed . 
 the last kings trickled in , and it was time for the gathering . 
 * `` as the high king summoned , so have you come , '' talthybius said . 
 he stood in the centre of the megaron , a silver-worked sceptre in his hand . 
 `` only two kings are missing . 
 telamon of salamis has sent his son ajax to represent him . 
 do we accept him in his father 's place ? '' 
 seated in two long lines on either side of the hearth , the rulers murmured assent . 
 they knew why telamon was absent : he was simply too fat to travel now . 
 there was no need to say so aloud . 
 such disrespect was unseemly -- and besides , ajax was very large . 
 `` idomeneus of crete is unable to attend , '' talthybius said , due to unrest in his homeland . 
 his cousin meriones is here in his stead . 
 do we accept him as his king 's voice in council ? '' 
 there was another murmur , less certain this time . 
 several kings crossed their arms over their chests and did n't speak at all . 
 the crater-headed man gave no sign of noticing . 
 neither did talthybius , perhaps as much from choice as convenient blindness . 
 `` then we are assembled , '' the herald said . 
 `` i declare this gathering of kings open . 
 let none speak except that he carries the sceptre , '' he raised it above his head , `` and then briefly , and with respect to gods and men . '' 
 he turned to agamemnon , bowed deeply , and placed the silver-inlaid rod in his hand . 
 then he withdrew , back towards the doors where the priests had gone after performing their auspices , moments before . 
 talthybius stopped short of them though , lurking in the shadows at the edge of the hall , ready to answer if his master called . 
 seated at the very foot of the line , odysseus watched these events with a carefully bland expression . 
 he 'd tried to judge the mood of the other kings over the past two days , with limited success . 
 some were easy to read , like menelaus with rage and humiliation burning in him every moment , though often it was subsumed by sorrowful maundering . 
 or leitus of boeotia , bursting as always with a fury his small frame seemed hardly able to contain . 
 leitus was extremely short . 
 odysseus suspected his endless antagonism towards everything must have something to do with that . 
 but a few exceptions aside , the kings had kept their thoughts private , hidden behind meaningless smiles and empty words . 
 even nestor had n't been able to divine anything . 
 the aged king of messenia sat near the head of the twin lines , only a few seats from agamemnon himself , as befitted a king of his power . 
 odysseus wished he and his friend were close enough to whisper . 
 but the high king was standing , and there was no time to waste on wishful thinking . 
 `` you know the insult that has been done to us , '' agamemnon said . 
 he was wearing a chiton patterned in rainbow stripes , and a gold circlet decorated with oak leaves . 
 peacock , odysseus thought , keeping the contempt well away from his lips and expression . 
 `` paris of troy slipped into sparta like a thief , and like a thief made off with my brother 's wife , helen . 
 we are told she will be returned in exchange for hesione , as though we are merchants haggling over prices or trades . 
 trojans may be merchants , but we are not . 
 after their betrayal , i am not of a mind to indulge them in this . 
 `` hesione is telamon 's wife , in any case , '' he went on . 
 `` the mother of his son , teucer , brother to great ajax there . 
 sending her to troy would break up a family . 
 i 'm not of a mind to do that , either . '' 
 that was a weak argument . 
 troy had been asking for hesione 's return for more than twenty years , almost since the day she was taken from the plain by heracles and telamon . 
 if the only reason to refuse was to keep the family together , then why had she not been sent back before teucer was born ? 
 before telamon raped her , to put it bluntly ? 
 `` none of that matters , '' agamemnon said . 
 odysseus ' eyebrows lifted in surprise before he could control himself . 
 `` what matters is the insult to greece . 
 the greensea is n't a place where weaklings flourish , and if we allow this to stand we will be seen as weak indeed . 
 what , the whole of greece , united , did not dare defy a single city ? 
 we must force troy to hand helen back , by any means required . 
 what my brother does with her then is his decision , '' he nodded to menelaus , `` though i , for one , would not blame him if he had her whipped through the streets and then given to his men for sport . '' 
 he looked down the two lines of lords , and then said , `` my belief is that we , all the greeks , should assemble an army to break troy and fetch helen back . 
 before others around the greensea decide we are weak . '' 
 he sat down . 
 that was brief , odysseus thought . 
 brief and to the point , with little time wasted on irrelevancies . 
 the high king held out the sceptre and a servant came to take it , by which time diomedes of argolis had already risen to his feet . 
 there was a susurrus of surprise as he was given the sceptre . 
 diomedes was not normally so forward , at least not in councils . 
 `` break troy ? '' 
 the golden-haired man repeated . 
 `` you 've never been there , high king . 
 i have . 
 so have others here today . 
 and i 'm sure they will tell you what i do : troy can not be broken . 
 her armies are strong , especially in chariots , with those magnificent horses to pull them . 
 did you know , '' he asked the kings , `` that they use three horses to a chariot ? 
 they have horses to spare , and every one of them is olympian-born . 
 `` troy 's spearmen are hardly less formidable , and she draws them from all over troas . 
 break troy ? '' 
 diomedes snorted . 
 `` we would likely break our own teeth trying , and for nothing . '' 
 agamemnon began to stand up , face tight with anger , but leonteus was on his feet ahead of him . 
 a servant conveyed the sceptre across the gap between kings , then withdrew in silence . 
 `` what i hear is that paris took helen from sparta without a single life lost , '' the king of pieria said . 
 legend claimed there was a spring of clear water in that country which bestowed wisdom to any man who drank from it . 
 odysseus supposed it might be true , but if so then the kings of the land did n't know where it was . 
 they hardly ever had a full set of wits . 
 `` if that 's true , '' leonteus said , `` where were the spartan guards ? 
 who did menelaus set to watch his wife ? 
 did he assign no one to keep her safe ? 
 or are laconia 's soldiers now so inept that they can not protect a single woman ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` my country sits at the border of greece , my lords . 
 i deal with the threat of bandits every day , and i know this : one never leaves a treasure , or a woman , unguarded . 
 i wonder why i am being asked to fight , far from my home and against an enemy who may be as powerful as we are , because one man could n't take care of his wife . '' 
 odysseus winced as the hall erupted in shouts . 
 the white-robed priests came gliding back in , but they 'd have a hard time restoring order after that little barb . 
 could n't take care of his wife ; there was a phrase which could mean more than one thing . 
 people would already have wondered why helen wanted to leave anyway , as she apparently had . 
 what had made her unhappy ? 
 was menelaus simply not enough man for her ? 
 if someone said that bluntly , there might be blood on the tiles of the megaron before the day was done . 
 there might have been already , if the insult had been at the other son of atreus . 
 agamemnon would have responded with violence : menelaus only glowered , his broad face flushed . 
 the angrier kings were still on their feet , refusing to be calmed . 
 odysseus tried to catch nestor 's eye and could n't . 
 he signalled for wine as leitus was finally cajoled into his chair , still fuming over something that had been said to him in the middle of the yelling . 
 odysseus had n't heard what it was . 
 peleus had the sceptre when the room was quiet again . 
 he 'd grown fat with age , if not as grossly as telamon had , and had n't risen when so many others had done . 
 `` leonteus makes a fair point , but , '' he added hastily before the shouting resumed , `` it does n't affect the central issue . 
 troy has stolen our most beautiful woman , a queen famed across the greensea for her beauty . 
 if we do nothing , who else will think they can goad us ? '' 
 `` exactly what i was saying , '' agamemnon muttered . 
 he did n't have the speaker 's rod , but he was high king , so nobody challenged him over it . 
 besides , he 'd always been surly . 
 his peers had learned to let him grumble at times , to forestall a larger explosion later . 
 now nireus of rhodes had the sceptre . 
 `` what does it matter if helen is beautiful ? 
 i never saw her before in my life . '' 
 ajax bounded to his feet and snatched the sceptre from his hands . 
 it was impressive to see ajax bound : the palace seemed to shake with the weight of the man . 
 `` it matters that she 's greek ! 
 i will not accept sitting here listening to a kopros-faced weasel while a greek queen is despoiled by a trojan ! '' 
 `` what will you do ? '' 
 menestheus asked mildly , though also without the sceptre . 
 `` storm troy on your own ? '' 
 `` if i must ! '' 
 ajax bellowed . 
 the gods save us from men who think with their muscles . 
 ajax was a decent man , actually , much easier company than his overbearing brute of a father , but he was n't the longest spear in any fight . 
 the probability was that leonteus was right , and all the greek armies together would have a titan 's task trying to overthrow the power of troy . 
 `` what happens if outsiders think greece is weak ? '' 
 agamemnon had the sceptre again . 
 `` leonteus , your land is on the northern edge of greece . 
 those raiders you spoke of are keltoi , or else thracians sneaking in to steal . 
 how long will it take them to decide your armies are not to be feared anymore ? 
 troy deals with both peoples . 
 word will spread . '' 
 curse him , odysseus thought , that 's actually a good point . 
 to judge by his frown , leonteus knew it too . 
 `` as for beauty , '' agamemnon continued , `` the trojans will parade helen around the greensea if they can , and beyond . 
 to hattusa , or colchis . 
 and people will say , ` there goes a queen the greeks could n't keep , for all their armies and their swagger . ' 
 our trade will suffer because others do n't believe we have the strength to protect shipments . '' 
 nestor stood up . 
 he was far from the largest man present -- though he was among the oldest -- but the mutters and catcalls died as he held out his hand for the sceptre . 
 agamemnon moved to hand it to him , not bothering to wait for a servant . 
 that was real respect , the kind of thing earned only by wisdom and long life . 
 the hall was quiet . 
 `` the high king makes a good point , '' nestor said . 
 that caused more murmuring , but the old man was n't finished . 
 `` especially in mentioning hattusa . 
 the hittites are still a power to consider . 
 we must n't forget what happened in miletos . '' 
 there was silence . 
 all of them remembered miletos , though odysseus did n't think any of the kings had ever laid eyes on the city , except himself . 
 they knew the story , though . 
 greeks had taken the city , made themselves its lords , and then been smashed into the dirt when the hittites came to avenge their vassals . 
 there had been no survivors , not even women or children taken as slaves . 
 every single greek in or near the city had been killed . 
 today miletos was an anatolian city again , filled with disparate peoples from all over the greensea ... but not from greece . 
 the memory of so much spilled blood was too fresh for that . 
 as though thinking of stories had summoned him , thersites moved in the shadows at the far end of the hall , pen in hand . 
 odysseus would n't have recognised a normal man , but thersites ' deformed shape meant it could be no one else . 
 the man did manage to put himself about . 
 one day odysseus might wake up to find the bard standing by his bed , a quill in his hand as he prepared to take notes for a song or a poem he had in mind . 
 `` we must n't be intimidated by it either , '' agamemnon said . 
 he did n't sound very certain though . 
 `` well , '' nestor said , `` if you 're not intimidated by power , high king , perhaps you should sail your fleet to egypt and set flames in the streets of thebes . 
 or better yet , climb olympus itself and throw down zeus with your spears . 
 no ? 
 i thought not . 
 power is to be respected . 
 as you know , since you realise what will happen if greece is thought to be weak . '' 
 `` we have to do something ! '' 
 ajax bellowed , making the walls shudder . 
 `` i would be very interested in knowing what menelaus thinks , '' nestor said , `` since he has not spoken a word so far . '' 
 he did n't raise his voice , but the hall fell silent once more at his words . 
 every head turned towards menelaus , sitting slouched in his chair to agamemnon 's right . 
 when the big man looked up odysseus ; first thought was that he 'd been drinking , but then he changed his mind . 
 menelaus looked like a man who had n't enjoyed a good night 's sleep in a week , or eaten a filling meal . 
 a man tormented by furies every night and harpies by day . 
 menelaus stood up , looming over the kings with shoulders lowered like a bull . 
 he was still flushed , either with wine or rage , or perhaps both . 
 `` i want her back . '' 
 his voice was thick with barely-suppressed rage . 
 `` i want her back and on her knees before me . 
 i want that gorgon-faced prince of troy to spend years screaming for mercy in my dungeon . 
 and i want to world to know it , every man and child around the greensea ; i want them to know what it means to anger menelaus of sparta , and all the greeks . '' 
 `` we did not come here for you , '' nireus said caustically . 
 menelaus launched himself at the man , and nireus threw himself forward in reply . 
 it was always that way ; a greek king who failed to meet a challenge would be bullied for the rest of his life . 
 he was much the smaller man , but still fought furiously against the other kings and agamemnon 's servants as they struggled to keep the two men apart . 
 menelaus almost managed to reach nireus before ajax caught his arm and hauled him away , with no apparent effort . 
 nireus had been one of those who sought helen 's hand . 
 he 'd never had much chance , perhaps , coming from far-off rhodes as he did . 
 but the memory of rejection might lie beneath his reluctance to help menelaus now , and the speed with which he 'd leapt at him . 
 one woman had already caused a great deal of division among the greeks . 
 she might cause much worse yet . 
 `` this will stop , '' agamemnon said . 
 his voice carried even over the uproar . 
 `` i will not accept this behaviour in my hall -- no , not even from you , brother ! 
 can none of you see ? 
 this is a gift from the gods . 
 we stand at the moment of decision for all greece . 
 do we rise , and grow ? 
 take the farmland and wealth we so badly need ? 
 or do we cower and sidle away , unwilling to deal with thieves and liars as they deserve , and condemn ourselves to a slow and slinking decline as troy and egypt grow great around us ? 
 `` troy is mighty . '' 
 he looked around at the kings . 
 `` but greece is mightier yet . 
 and i would gamble my fortune and my life on our fighting men against any in the world , whether trojan or hittite , or assyrian from the far lands of the sunrise . 
 who tells me i am wrong ? '' 
 a moment , and then odysseus stood up . 
 he heard the disparaging mutters as the sceptre was carried to him , and ignored them . 
 he was the peasant king , the shepherd , but he could make them listen . 
 he had to . 
 `` if this is the moment of decision , '' he said , `` when we greeks decide on war against one of the powers of the world , then we need our greatest men here to help us make that choice . 
 our high king is present , and the wronged husband . 
 the warriors diomedes and ajax stand with us . 
 but with respect to them , the greatest warrior in greece is not here . '' 
 he let the murmur pass again . 
 it was more approving this time . 
 `` where is achilles ? 
 was he not summoned ? '' 
 eyes turned to peleus , who shifted on his chair . 
 `` he was . '' 
 `` then where is he ? '' 
 `` he did n't reply , '' peleus said uncomfortably . 
 `` or come , as i told him to . 
 his mother 's doing , i think . 
 she wrote the letter to him . '' 
 `` then he may not have known he was needed , '' odysseus said . 
 `` my lord kings , i have two suggestions to make . 
 first , that we send for achilles , at once , and bring him here to ask his opinion . 
 if troy can be taken it 's he who will know how . 
 who else has fought so often in anatolia ? '' 
 heads nodded around the room , and then agamemnon said , `` and the other thing ? '' 
 `` ask the advice of the oracle at delphi , '' odysseus said . 
 the nods were firmer this time . 
 he could see the kings thinking : before they risked their fortunes and lives in war against troy , they wanted to be sure the gods were on their side . 
 without olympus ' help there was no chance troy would fall , none whatever . 
 it was a reasonable request , one agamemnon could not possibly deny without losing the support of half the room . 
 the high king 's jaw was clenched in frustration . 
 `` let me add to that , '' nestor said . 
 `` send five kings to delphi . 
 the high king must go , of course , and menelaus as the wronged party . 
 ajax should go , since his father 's taking of hesione has led to this . 
 no , my friend , i lay no blame , '' he added when ajax seemed about to erupt . 
 `` and deeds of decades ago should not be offered as an excuse for insult today , in any case . 
 but i should go to delphi , as one who doubts the war 's wisdom , with diomedes to make the five . 
 we will decide on behalf of all greeks , if the other kings will permit us . '' 
 they did n't like it , but clearly not all of them could go to delphi . 
 the little town was used to holding the pythian games every two years , but the unexpected descent of twenty kings would overwhelm it . 
 besides , they could only ask the pythia , the prophetess of delphi , one question . 
 only the five need go . 
 slowly they conceded the point , heads nodding all around the megaron . 
 odysseus was careful not to glance at nestor as he sat down . 
 the other kings knew they were friends , and knew too that they were probably the cleverest of all the greek kings . 
 they often forgot odysseus , and forgot ithaca , but when they were reminded they admitted that he was shrewd . 
 now , with the two of them having stood and spoken as they had , some of the other lords would be wondering how much of it had been planned . 
 all of it , was the simple answer . 
 but quietly , back in messenia before they came to mycenae on separate ships . 
 nestor had agreed that much rested on how diomedes decided , but there was n't a chance to speak with him before the gathering . 
 what they needed was time . 
 a few days might be enough to persuade him , or for other kings to feel the beginnings of doubt . 
 the trojans might even lose their nerve , and agree to hand helen over . 
 it was possible ; no mortal man could foretell the future . 
 a week , or a month , might change everything . 
 `` very well , '' agamemnon said . 
 his jaw was still tight with tension . 
 `` the five of us will go to delphi , and ask the pythia what will happen if greece goes to war with troy . 
 but , '' he smiled thinly , `` i want a service from you , odysseus , in payment for the journey you force me to make . '' 
 he felt his stomach plunge . 
 `` what service ? '' 
 `` a journey of your own , '' the high king said . 
 chapter eighteen the groves most of the islands of the aegean were greek now , in culture as well as politics . 
 it had been different once , in some cases only a few decades ago . 
 but those older peoples had been wiped out or absorbed , becoming indistinguishable from mainland greeks in dress and speech , and the rituals they observed . 
 there might be an occasional trace of a former culture -- a ritual perhaps , or a sacred day still observed -- but that was rare . 
 crete was different , simply because of its size . 
 the island had been called the land of a hundred towns long before theseus brought an end to minoan glory , and the people had put down deep roots . 
 that way of life survived today , especially in the mountain villages where few ethnic greeks went . 
 there were stories of heathen gods still worshipped , ceremonies where women dressed as water goddesses and dominated the men : even of children sacrificed on mountaintop altars . 
 it would take generations to eradicate all that , but if there was a people in the world who could , it was the greeks . 
 scyros had kept some vestiges of its indigenous culture too , though it was a much smaller island , and had been conquered longer ago than crete . 
 odysseus did n't really know why . 
 some cultures were resilient , that was all . 
 or perhaps a benevolent god was watching over the island , preserving its festivals and rites . 
 if so , that god was surely dionysus , patron of wine and amusement , and outright desire . 
 scyros was dotted with his temples , mostly found in secluded places in the woods that covered the northern half of the island . 
 there were stories about what went on in those glades , tales to make men groan and reed girls blush in the dark . 
 some of them must be true , or the island 's reputation for sensuality would have died out . 
 odysseus was actually quite pleased he had n't had to tell his wife he was coming here . 
 a journey of your own , agamemnon had demanded of him . 
 it was payment for the suggestion that the high king and a few companions go to delphi to consult the oracle . 
 odysseus supposed he should have seen it coming . 
 agamemnon did n't like having his plans disturbed , or even delayed , and he was determinedly set on bringing down troy . 
 so now odysseus was here , being rowed into the harbour of linaria after a four-day journey from mycenae , with a mission of his own to accomplish . 
 `` i want you to bring achilles here , '' agamemnon had said , back on the mainland . 
 `` use those winged words your tongue speaks , odysseus , and persuade him . '' 
 `` and if that does n't work ? '' 
 `` then tell the young idiot that i 'll harry him on every beach from here to egypt unless he obeys . 
 do whatever you have to . 
 just do n't fail me , ithacan . 
 get him to mycenae . '' 
 `` there are rumours about this place , '' eliade said , leaning on the ship 's rail at odysseus ' side . 
 `` do you suppose they 're true ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure they are , '' odysseus answered dryly . 
 `` some of them , at least . '' 
 on the far side of the bay was a typical island town , square white houses with red-tiled roofs , sprawling on the slope of a hillside . 
 here and there were larger buildings ; several temples , a pillared mansion that must belong to the local lord , and low structures built on stone platforms . 
 warehouses , odysseus thought , raised above the level floodwater reached when it poured down the mountain after an especially heavy storm . 
 fields and pastures surrounded the town and invaded it , reaching into gaps between clusters of buildings to make best use of the sparse flat ground . 
 low down the fields were full of olive trees , while further up the hillside they were dotted with sheep and cattle . 
 it could be any town on any island in the aegean , except for one thing . 
 ships lined the beach , drawn high up on the shingle . 
 a few were traders , slightly broader than warships , grouped together some way north of linaria town . 
 but most were galleys , their hulls painted with black pitch , like long shadows in the afternoon sun . 
 myrmidon ships . 
 this was where they came to relax between raids , and this was where achilles would be . 
 `` will you need me to find achilles ? '' 
 eliade asked diffidently . 
 odysseus pretended to roll his eyes . 
 `` go and have your licentious night , my friend . 
 i think it 's best that i find achilles on my own . '' 
 but there was no need to find him , as it turned out . 
 they were met at the beach by an androgynous-looking man with cornflower hair , smiling with what appeared to be genuine pleasure . 
 a closer inspection showed that his softness was an illusion , reaching no further than his face . 
 this was a hard , fighting man , a myrmidon for sure . 
 the happiness might be real though . 
 sometimes it was . 
 `` my lord odysseus , '' the man said . 
 he bowed briefly . 
 `` it 's a delight to be able to greet you . 
 i am patroclus . '' 
 `` i 've heard of you , '' odysseus said . 
 most people in greece could probably say the same . 
 patroclus was one of the captains of the myrmidons , serving under achilles ' command and sometimes leading a raid himself . 
 usually that was when achilles was god-struck by another young beauty , and when achilles tired of his latest inamorata it was patroclus ' bed he returned to . 
 there were some who believed that if patroclus should marry and abandon the raider 's life , achilles might soon follow suit , and the beach towns of phoenicia and egypt would breathe a collective sigh of relief . 
 `` i assume you 've come to speak with achilles ? '' 
 odysseus eyed the youth . 
 `` is my coming expected , then ? '' 
 `` someone 's coming was , '' patroclus said . 
 `` achilles told us agamemnon would never let him get away with missing a gathering of kings , even though his father still sits on the throne of thessaly . 
 he 's the best warrior in greece . 
 he 'll be needed for any major war . '' 
 ajax and diomedes might be interested to hear that claim , odysseus thought . 
 both men considered themselves a match for any soldier in greece , and better than any except achilles and each other . 
 they might not claim to be achilles ' better , but they would n't stand for being openly named as his lesser , not for long . 
 especially not during wartime . 
 the casual way in which patroclus made the comment was even more surprising . 
 there was n't any doubt in his mind who was preeminent . 
 never mind that now . 
 `` why do you mention war ? '' 
 `` a full gathering could n't mean anything less , '' patroclus said . 
 `` especially after the news out of troy this summer , or so achilles said . 
 since he stayed away that meant someone would be sent to speak with him , and here you are . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` i knew when you passed the harbour mouth it must be you . 
 only ithacan ships have those crimson prows . '' 
 `` very observant of you , '' odysseus said . 
 he meant it to carry a slight hint of sarcasm , but patroclus just beamed as though he 'd been given a wreath of oak leaves . 
 it was no wonder achilles found such comfort with this man , if he was so undemanding . 
 the gods seemed to have decided that the more handsome a man was , the less he had between his ears , and patroclus was very handsome . 
 almost pretty , in fact . 
 he must be as dumb as an ox . 
 `` lead on , '' he suggested . 
 a nod to eliade brought a grin to the other man 's lips , and he hurried off towards the edge of the town and the trees in search of a few dionysian priestesses and some wine . 
 odysseus followed patroclus into the streets , hoping achilles would not be far away . 
 * quarter of an hour of walking brought them to the far side of linaria , and a forest that marched right up to the last line of houses and overhung them , keeping them in shade . 
 a path led away between the trunks . 
 patroclus started down it , motioning for odysseus to follow . 
 achilles refuses to meet me in the town , then . 
 i 've crossed half the aegean to be here and he wo n't leave the groves . 
 the myrmidon was making it clear that he was in control here , something that happened to odysseus quite often . 
 the king of a small country had to swallow insults more often than most , and he gave no sign that it irritated him . 
 another few minutes , climbing at first and then on smoother ground , and they came to a clearing with a temple in the middle , pillared on all four sides with white marble . 
 a row of smaller buildings ran halfway around the edge of the glade : sleeping quarters , probably , though in dionysian festival times precious little sleeping would be done in them . 
 men lay on the grass all around , some resting , others talking quietly among themselves . 
 one group was playing draughts , taking turns to replace the beaten man . 
 all of them carried the hard look of warriors , myrmidons taking their ease between battles . 
 achilles himself was sitting with his back against a pillar at the top of the steps , eyes closed against the sunshine that beat on the lids . 
 at his side rested a golden battle helmet with a snow-white crest . 
 he could n't think to meet enemies here , in the playground of the myrmidons , so he must carry it for show . 
 whether he did so normally , or had brought it just to emphasise his nature to his visitor , there was no way to tell . 
 odysseus had spoken to him only once before , briefly , at a gathering of kings and merchants on salamis two summers before . 
 he remembered being struck by the sheer presence of the man , his ability to dominate a room while seated and silent , apparently unengaged . 
 odysseus had heard stories of other meetings , other men , who had said the wrong thing and been beaten for it . 
 or killed . 
 achilles was not a man to relax with . 
 `` ithacan , '' the big man said , when odysseus and patroclus were still yards from the bottom of the steps . 
 he had n't bothered to open his eyes . 
 `` welcome . 
 seat yourself . '' 
 some of the men glanced around , then went back to their idle chatter or their game . 
 patroclus lifted a hand to achilles and turned away without a word , leaving odysseus to climb the stairs alone . 
 either the two men had a deep understanding that required no words , or else achilles played his dominance games even with his own men . 
 perhaps especially with them . 
 `` will you join me ? '' 
 achilles asked . 
 now he did open his eyes . 
 he produced a jug of wine and two pottery cups , and poured without waiting for a reply . 
 `` it 's already watered . 
 i do n't like strong wine early in the day . '' 
 odysseus accepted with a murmur of thanks . 
 the wine was sweet , tasting of the pine resin used to preserve it . 
 `` so , '' achilles said . 
 `` agamemnon has decided he needs me for his war against troy , has he ? '' 
 `` if there is a war , '' odysseus said . 
 `` he 's gone to delphi with some of the other kings , to seek advice from the pythia . 
 but yes , he knows he 'll need the myrmidons behind him . '' 
 achilles ' green eyes flashed . 
 `` never that ! 
 beside him , perhaps , but not behind . 
 we do n't serve him . '' 
 `` all greeks serve the high king . '' 
 `` not the myrmidons , '' achilles said sullenly . 
 pride had always been the largest thing about achilles . 
 it might have been so anyway -- perhaps it was born in him -- but odysseus thought it came from when he 'd first been told the prophecy spoken in thessaly , on the day of that boar hunt long ago . 
 there will be glory and sorrow unmeasured by mortals , and amidst it shall be the son of the man who slew the boar , a warrior ten times greater than his father . 
 peleus had gone further ; a warrior to outshine us all , he 'd said . 
 once achilles knew that , he was always going to see himself as the centre of the world , and only a small step below the gods . 
 odysseus wondered what would happen when peleus died . 
 the king of thessaly had been a notable warrior himself in his day , and would be still if it were n't for his expanding girth . 
 achilles was a greater fighting man , beyond doubt , and unlike diomedes he defined himself by that . 
 when he became king of thessaly he might consider raiding with the myrmidons more important than ruling his land ; more important too than accepting the authority of the high king . 
 still , that was a problem for another day , and not something odysseus would have to deal with anyway . 
 he 'd long since given up trying to cure all the ills of the world . 
 all he wanted now was to solve the problem in front of him . 
 `` what will you do , then ? '' 
 he asked casually . 
 `` will the myrmidons stand aside from this war at troy ? '' 
 `` why should n't we ? '' 
 `` because greece needs you , '' odysseus said . 
 `` these past twenty years , even before you were old enough to fight , the myrmidons have been raiding around the greensea . 
 nobody else has , at least not regularly . 
 not since theseus killed minos and crete fell . '' 
 achilles shrugged . 
 `` we 're the best at it . '' 
 `` i know you are . 
 so do all the greeks . 
 knowing you and the myrmidons are with us will give them a huge amount of belief . 
 and it will sow doubt in trojan minds , as well . 
 nestor says there was a family in priam 's palace from the mysian town you sacked . 
 they know what the myrmidons can do . '' 
 `` so they should , '' achilles said , with more than a dash of pride . 
 `` there is n't a town on the shores of the greensea that we could n't take . '' 
 `` so prove that , '' odysseus said . 
 `` take troy . '' 
 achilles fiddled with his wine cup . 
 `` troy is ... different . 
 they have a standing army there , men trained just as well as the myrmidons are . 
 and they have their walls . 
 if half what i hear about those are true , i wonder if any force in the world could breach them . '' 
 he did understand warfare , odysseus had to admit . 
 almost everything else was a mystery to achilles , but he knew war . 
 `` the walls are everything you 've heard . 
 vast , and built on top of a ridge . '' 
 `` then troy ca n't be taken , '' achilles said . 
 `` everywhere can be taken . 
 and you just said the myrmidons can raze any town on the greensea . '' 
 there was a pause , and then achilles said , `` my mother does n't want me to join this war . '' 
 odysseus had no reply to that . 
 mighty achilles , unwilling to fight because his mother was afraid ? 
 it made no sense . 
 he remembered peleus had said it was thetis who wrote the letter calling achilles to the gathering , but he had n't thought anything of it at the time . 
 he did n't know what to think of it now , but he sensed danger under his feet , an eruption of achilles ' temper if the wrong words were spoken . 
 so odysseus did n't speak at all , and waited to see what achilles would say . 
 `` she has the gift of prophecy , sometimes . 
 it comes from her time in the temple of aphrodite , she says , on sarakino . 
 before she met my father . 
 she had a foretelling about this war . '' 
 odysseus hid his scepticism . 
 if wives and mothers could see the future there would be no reason to visit the oracle at delphi , or any other soothsayer . 
 `` really ? '' 
 achilles was still playing with his wine cup . 
 `` she told me the war will last for years . 
 both sides will exhaust themselves as they struggle . 
 and the greatest hero on each side will be slain , which of course means me . 
 i will die . '' 
 there was no boasting , no fear in his voice . 
 he was simply a man stating facts . 
 `` my mother fears i will fall , if i go to troy . '' 
 `` i fear i will fall , if i go , '' odysseus said . 
 `` i have an infant son at home , achilles . 
 we named him telemachus . 
 i want to spend the next two years teaching him to walk , not miss it all fighting a war i hardly care about on the other side of the sea . 
 but i will go to troy , if all the kings do . 
 some things must be done , or we abandon all honour . '' 
 `` true , '' achilles admitted . 
 `` then put your faith in the gods and go , '' odysseus suggested . 
 `` it 's what you do anyway , every time you go into battle . 
 make your offerings , purge your soul as best you can , and trust in your skill and the gods to bring you through alive . 
 and think . '' 
 he leaned forward , catching achilles ' emerald eyes . 
 `` there 's not a warrior in greece better than you . 
 but who will men talk of , if you do n't go to troy and ajax does , and diomedes ? 
 if they lead the charge that surges over the walls , when troy is torn down . 
 what will men say then ? '' 
 achilles jaw tightened . 
 `` they would n't dare . 
 not when i 'm close enough to hear them . '' 
 `` no , not then . 
 but behind your back . 
 when you 're away . 
 men will say ; achilles could have been the greatest captain of them all , had he gone to troy . 
 but he stayed away , and diomedes breached the walls while ajax tore down the topless towers . 
 they will say it forever . '' 
 it was said achilles had killed men for speaking words he did n't like . 
 odysseus watched him carefully and sent a quick , silent prayer up to the sky . 
 `` damn you , '' achilles said , his voice harsh . 
 `` damn you to hades forever , ithacan , and your slick tongue with you . '' 
 odysseus sighed . 
 `` i 'm sorry , my friend . 
 but all i want is for you to agree to go to mycenae and speak with agamemnon . 
 what you decide after that is up to you . 
 i 'll have done my duty . '' 
 `` all right , '' the big man said . 
 `` i will go . 
 but only to talk , mind . 
 i make you no promises . '' 
 `` i do n't ask for any , '' odysseus said . 
 he was relieved , actually : he 'd thought persuading achilles would be harder than this . 
 sometimes it was a relief to be proved wrong . 
 `` do you have any more of that wine ? '' 
 * the path wound deep into the forest , sometimes a yard wide and marked with the prints of sandals , at other times dwindling to little more than a fox run squeezing under bushes and slinking around trees . 
 eliade had no idea what he might find at the end of it , carnal sensuality or calm piety , but his heart was beating very fast , and he whistled as he walked . 
 he heard splashing water once , somewhere down the slope to his right . 
 a little later he thought he heard a monkey screech in the trees , though that was surely impossible . 
 he 'd only ever seen one monkey , in a stout cage at the market of tanis in the egyptian delta when he 'd sailed there , on a trade mission for odysseus . 
 it had shrieked and bared wicked teeth at him when it saw him staring , and eliade had moved on hastily . 
 he did n't like the idea that a beast like that might be watching him from high in the trees , but that had to be a mistake . 
 he could n't imagine how monkeys might have come here . 
 anyway , never mind worrying about simians , there was something ahead of him through the forest . 
 it turned out to be a small temple complex , in the usual pattern of sanctuary in the middle and sleeping quarters ranged around . 
 simple dresses hung on a line beside the temple , away from the shade of the trees . 
 on the far side plots had been dug and crops now grew , mostly wheat and barley : the basic foods that kept a body alive . 
 two white-clad women hoeing among the stalks saw him and straightened up , exchanging glances before one came towards him . 
 the other went into the shrine , emerging a moment later with four other women carrying cudgels and sticks . 
 eliade smiled to himself . 
 women with staves would n't last one minute against trained fighting men . 
 but here they had the myrmidons to protect them . 
 eliade let the smile fade as the woman reached him . 
 `` you 're looking for some ... amusement ? '' 
 she asked . 
 her accent was odd , hard to place . 
 he nodded . 
 `` am i in the right place ? '' 
 `` no . 
 we do n't do such things here . 
 not all the priestesses of dionysus are driven by their own desires . '' 
 `` very well , lady . '' 
 he inclined his head . 
 `` might you know where such women could be found ? '' 
 `` the trail up the mountain , '' she said , pointing . 
 `` it 's a long climb , but at the top you 'll find a temple complex by a hot spring . 
 the women there will give you wine for your thirst , and satisfy whatever other needs you might have . '' 
 he was about to thank her , and move on , when his brain understood something . 
 `` that accent . 
 you 're mysian . '' 
 `` i am , '' she said . 
 `` i was taken from my home and brought here , only for my captor to grow bored with me . 
 now i am a priestess of dionysus . 
 i 'm content enough . 
 as long as need not deal with the urges of men anymore . '' 
 `` who brought you ? '' 
 he asked , before he could help himself . 
 `` achilles , of course . '' 
 her lips quirked . 
 `` as he 's brought many women , through the years . 
 cyrilla over there was his favourite toy long before he met me . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` and there is deidameia , '' the woman went on . 
 she indicated a girl , surely not old enough to really be called a woman ... but she had a child in her arms , a boy eliade thought . 
 he might be a year old . 
 `` once achilles ' favourite , now forgotten . 
 as all of us are . '' 
 his body had forgotten its desire , for the moment . 
 `` does achilles know he has a son ? '' 
 `` he knows . 
 we never see him . '' 
 `` i wish i could help you , '' eliade said . 
 `` i told you i am content enough , '' she smiled . 
 `` there is happiness here , on some days . 
 now go , and find your lascivious women . 
 i do n't blame you for it . '' 
 he was already walking away when something occurred to him , and he turned back . 
 `` will you tell me your name ? '' 
 `` i am išbardia , '' she said . 
 `` if it matters . '' 
 `` who we are always matters , '' he answered . 
 it was something odysseus liked to say , and eliade thought it was probably true . 
 he gave the woman a nod and turned back to the forest , and the trail up the mountain , and a moment later was gone . 
 chapter nineteen what will follow long ago , the great god cronus castrated his father uranus , and seized his power . 
 dying , uranus prophesied that cronus would suffer the same fate , and be killed by his own son . 
 cronus resolved to avoid this destiny . 
 when his wife rhea gave birth he promptly swallowed the child , a girl whose mother had named her demeter . 
 he did the same when hera was born , and then hades and poseidon . 
 but rhea came to hate him , not unnaturally , and when the sixth child was born she hid it away , and gave cronus a stone wrapped in swaddling instead . 
 he ate the stone , and the child zeus was saved . 
 when he was grown zeus fulfilled the prophecy , of course , forcing cronus to disgorge the contents of his stomach , including the swallowed children . 
 cronus was then banished to tartarus , an abyss of darkness and endless torment , as far below hades and heaven is high above the earth . 
 he is imprisoned there still , helpless and lost . 
 the stone cronus had consumed remained on olympus for many years . 
 later , zeus wished to find the centre of the world , and to locate it he released two eagles , one from the extreme west and the other from the east . 
 they met above delphi , in greece , and there zeus set down the stone . 
 he placed it on the slope of mount parnassus , between two towering cliffs called the shining ones , on the northern side of a deep valley . 
 it rests there still , anointed at dusk and dawn with scented oil . 
 plaintiffs who visit the shrine of the pythia attach swatches of wool , in the hope the gods will harken to their pleas . 
 no visitor may pass beyond the stone without the permission of the priests of apollo , who run the oracle there . 
 violence is utterly forbidden . 
 * `` i will tell you again , '' agamemnon grated . 
 `` we will hear the pythia 's words for ourselves . 
 you will take us to her . '' 
 `` no , '' the priest said . 
 he was kneeling beside the great stone , held down by agememnon 's heavy hand on his shoulder . 
 and kept there by the high king 's sword at his neck . 
 his breathing was ragged but that was all the sign of nerves that he gave . 
 a man sworn to apollo 's service , and carrying that out at the most sacred site in greece , had little reason to worry for his soul . 
 it would wing its way to hades when he died , but there it would walk in the orchards of elysium , with birdsong for company and ambrosia flowing in the streams . 
 `` the lord of the black cloud take you ! '' 
 agamemnon swore . 
 `` put aside your cursed stubbornness ! '' 
 `` it is not i who is stubborn , '' the priest said . 
 his voice was still quite calm . 
 `` the laws of this place were laid down by apollo himself . 
 i will not break them . 
 neither should you . 
 the vengeance of the gods will fall as heavily on the high king as it would on a peasant . '' 
 nestor was actually quite sure that was true . 
 the twelve olympians had never been known for their tolerance towards mortals who transgressed . 
 offer your sacrifices , show proper deference and respect , and the gods would smile upon you . 
 fail in those things and all the things you prized were placed at risk : even your life , and the lives of your loved ones . 
 the gods spread their vengeance widely when they struck . 
 menelaus was smiling tightly as his brother threatened the priest . 
 that was no surprise ; the younger atreide brother had always followed the elder like a lamb behind its mother . 
 there would be no help from that quarter . 
 there would be none from diomedes or ajax , either ; both men were standing back and looking uncomfortable , but not about to intervene . 
 nestor sighed to himself and moved forward . 
 `` there 's no need for this , '' he said . 
 agamemnon turned a furious glare on him . 
 `` be quiet , old man . 
 i will have my way in this . '' 
 `` and the gods will have theirs , '' nestor said . 
 `` assaulting a priest is not the best way to gain the answer you need from the pythia , high king . 
 a calmer approach might be wise . '' 
 agamemnon glowered at him , but with nestor to shield him diomedes spoke as well . 
 `` perhaps if we each swear to sacrifice a ram to apollo before the sun goes down tonight , the god might waive the normal rules , and allow us to hear the prophetess for ourselves ? '' 
 the kneeling priest hesitated , then looked at nestor , who shrugged and spread his hands . 
 `` i suppose he might , '' the man said . 
 after a moment agamemnon withdrew the sword and stepped back . 
 `` a wise decision . 
 do not retract it . '' 
 nestor hoped the high king was n't going to ruin the compromise by keeping up with his rudeness . 
 he 'd been in a foul temper since the gathering at mycenae , apt to snarl at anyone who came close . 
 he 'd struck his servants more than once , and while that was n't especially unusual he 'd broken one man 's arm and left a maid unable to move her shoulder , and that certainly was . 
 agamemnon was sullen and hot-tempered by nature , but this behaviour was unlike him . 
 actually , now nestor thought of it , the high king 's temper did n't date from the gathering at all . 
 he 'd been impatient then , determined to follow the course he 'd already decided on , but he had n't been violent , or even very angry . 
 the change in his temper had come afterwards , in the single day between the gathering and the beginning of the journey to delphi . 
 something must have happened in that time . 
 nestor had no idea what it could be , but he thought it would be wise to tread softly around agamemnon until the fury passed . 
 `` you must leave your weapons , '' the priest said . 
 `` no , high king , that is not open to discussion . 
 i 'm already breaking the rules for you . 
 i will not allow you also to bear swords on the holy ground . '' 
 agamemnon , for a wonder , only scowled . 
 nestor took off his sword belt and handed it to one of his followers . 
 `` keep that for me . 
 i do n't think there 's any danger for us to fear among the temples . '' 
 `` except the anger of apollo , '' the man said . 
 `` yes , '' nestor agreed . 
 he could n't help smiling , though it was n't even a little bit funny . 
 `` except that . '' 
 once they were disarmed , the priest led the five men past the sacred stone and into the temple complex . 
 nestor could n't resist touching the rock with his fingertips as he went by . 
 he 'd come here once before , to ask advice on an issue that did n't seem important now , and he 'd attached his hank of wool like any other plaintiff . 
 but he 'd never walked past it , seen the stone from the uphill side . 
 only priests and priestesses of apollo were allowed to walk here . 
 until now , at least . 
 in any other god 's worship such isolation might have been a source of lewd gossip ; everyone knew what clerical types got up to at night , when men and women were mixed together . 
 or when they were n't , for that matter . 
 there were countless stories about it and twice as many crude jokes . 
 but apollo 's servants were sworn to celibacy , and they took the vow seriously . 
 nestor had never heard any plausible claim of impropriety among them , here or anywhere else . 
 white-robed priests stopped to gape at the little group as it made its way up the path . 
 nestor wondered how long it had been since ordinary folk were allowed past the cronus-stone . 
 a hundred years ? 
 two hundred , or even never ? 
 to judge by the astonishment of the robed men and women , they might not know either . 
 a few of them stopped dead when they saw the kings , their jaws dropping open in comical surprise . 
 most moved on quickly when agamemnon scowled at them though . 
 what was wrong with the man ? 
 from the cronus-stone the path led up the outcrop and around it , until it crested the ridge and the temple complex was revealed . 
 pillared houses of worship stood atop broad marble steps , roofed with coloured tiles all mixed together , brilliant reds and greens alongside sunrise yellows . 
 dormitory houses stood between the temples , low-built but graceful , with herb gardens alongside and chickens picking at the ground in coops built against the walls . 
 all the interlocking paths were lined with columns , painted red and linked with arches of white marble . 
 the columns had been made by cutting stone into slices a foot deep and stacking them one atop the next , very precisely . 
 there were better ways of building today . 
 but the temples here were old , old . 
 the site had been ancient at the time of the earliest myths . 
 it was here that humans had first been created , the golden race of antiquity who had ruled the earth for long years , aeons of time , before the mortal men of today came into being . 
 the golden ones survived now as the spirits of pools and forests : naiads and dryads , alseids and nereids and all the others . 
 givers of blessings and justice , in most of the tales , and lovers of mortals in the rest . 
 long after they were gone early men had come here , and wondered , and had begun to build temples and pillars the best way they knew how . 
 the result was n't necessarily graceful , but it did have a power to it . 
 something crude but vital , nestor thought , full of primitive energy . 
 it made his skin prickle . 
 there was potency here , that was for certain , thrumming in the air and the rock beneath his feet . 
 he wondered how the priests stood it , how they slept with this constant hum in their ears . 
 they followed the main street , right through the heart of the buildings . 
 presently they passed an amphitheatre on their right , cut into the hillside to form a deep artificial bowl . 
 there were seats enough for two hundred people , perhaps more , and nestor wondered how many priests and priestesses actually lived on this site . 
 and how many of them performed , come to that . 
 he could imagine them acting out a play of the birth of the olympians , or apollo 's daily drive across the sky in the chariot of the sun , while their fellows listened in respectful silence . 
 probably all the plays they acted were serious things , long on piety but short on humour , so concerned with respect that realism was lost . 
 just past the amphitheatre they angled to the left , off the main road . 
 they followed a smaller way around the back of a temple with an elaborate portico , much more modern in style than the building it fronted . 
 it ran between a stand of cypress trees and ended at a narrow cave mouth , just large enough to admit a man and utterly black . 
 nestor looked at it and found himself shivering . 
 he did n't want to go in there . 
 four priests stood in a line across the path . 
 they stared in astonishment at the visitors , then turned angry eyes on their guide . 
 `` tynaeus ? '' 
 one of them said . 
 `` what are you doing ? 
 these people are n't priests ! '' 
 `` i know that , '' the man who 'd brought them here said testily . 
 `` they are kings . 
 the brawny one is agamemnon of mycenae . '' 
 `` i do n't care if he 's the seventh son of hermes , '' the other man retorted . 
 `` he should n't be here . 
 what do you think you do ? '' 
 `` they were ... insistent , '' tynaeus said . 
 `` extremely so . 
 i judged it wiser to allow them their way , and let apollo decide if he is angered by their presumption . 
 i rather suspect , '' he eyed agamemnon with open dislike , `` that he will be . 
 but that 's up to the god . '' 
 `` that 's not yours to decide , '' the guardian shot back . 
 `` our task is to protect the god 's silence here . '' 
 `` as i have , for many years , '' tynaeus said . 
 `` you know it as well as i. do n't insult my dedication . '' 
 `` you insult it yourself , '' the man snapped . 
 the high king showed his teeth , his patience gone . 
 `` take us to the pythia , little man , as you promised to do . '' 
 `` that is forbidden ! '' 
 the cave guard shouted . 
 agamemnon put a hand to his belt , where his sword hilt ought to have been . 
 his expression darkened when he remembered it was no longer there . 
 but tynaeus was already moving forward , and for all his bluster the guard hesitated and then moved out of the way . 
 agamemnon followed , then menelaus and hulking ajax , leaving diomedes and nestor to stare at one another . 
 `` i do n't like this place , '' diomedes said . 
 handsome warrior prince he may have been , but there was no colour in his face , and he might have aged ten years since they passed the cronus-stone . 
 his voice trembled . 
 `` the air is wrong here . 
 do you feel it ? '' 
 `` i feel it , '' nestor said . 
 `` but i 'm going in . 
 men have never named me coward before and i 'm not of a mind to let them start . '' 
 he forced his feet to move , and a moment later ducked his head as he entered the cave . 
 he heard diomedes sigh and then follow after . 
 inside the others were waiting , taking time for their eyes to adjust to the darkness . 
 it was almost totally black , a gloom relieved only by a tiny spark of light far ahead , thirty yards perhaps , though it was difficult to judge distance here . 
 nestor blinked , trying to clear a blur in his vision , but it would n't go . 
 `` go to the light , '' tynaeus said . 
 `` when you reach it you 'll be able to see another . 
 there you will find the pythia . 
 i will not come with you . 
 i 've no desire to bring the god 's anger down on my own head , however foolish you people might be . '' 
 `` thank you , '' nestor said . 
 `` you may find yourselves struggling to see , '' the priest added . 
 `` or to hear , and your balance may desert you . 
 that happens even to priests who have been here many times . 
 i would tell you not to be concerned . '' 
 this time it was he who bared his teeth to agamemnon . 
 `` but given your presumption , you have every reason to fear punishment . 
 do not be surprised if you find it . '' 
 he turned and left them , ducking back through the cave entrance into the sunshine outside . 
 nestor could have joined him with two paces but the daylight still seemed a distant thing , too far away to reach . 
 he looked at diomedes again . 
 the king of argolis was pasty in the gloom , like a sick man somehow tottering to his feet in the night . 
 even agamemnon and menelaus were silent , unable to make themselves go on . 
 `` did we come so far just to stop ? '' 
 ajax rumbled . 
 he strode into the darkness , his huge frame blotting out the distant candle . 
 the others followed , diomedes dragging his feet at the rear . 
 the floor of the cave turned out to be very smooth , made that way by the priests no doubt , who would not have enjoyed tripping every time they came to speak with the pythia . 
 still , nestor held a hand in front of him and moved carefully , unwilling to take a risk or walk into somebody in the dark . 
 his bones were too old to risk a fall . 
 `` there , '' he heard ajax say , up ahead . 
 he must have seen the second light . 
 a moment later the big man moved off to the right , striding confidently along even in the near-total darkness . 
 as agamemnon and then menelaus moved on nestor passed the candle , a fat stick of tallow wedged into a crack in the rock where hundreds must have sat before ; the stone was smeared with grease , layer on layer of it running down to the floor . 
 he was sure it was scraped off from time to time , or else the cave would have been blocked long ago . 
 but it still reminded him of the age of this place . 
 he could n't help shivering . 
 past the light the tunnel sloped downwards , heading deeper into the heart of the mountain . 
 the five men shuffled along in a line , trying not to step on the heels of the man in front , except for ajax who still walked as confidently as he would in a meadow at midday . 
 perhaps he gained his confidence from seeing diomedes so pale . 
 achilles aside , those two were the finest warriors in greece , and ajax would think that if he showed no nerves today he 'd gain a measure of advantage over the other man . 
 the corridor turned sharply left , exactly where the second candle was , and opened into a round chamber with an angled floor . 
 the men spread out along one side , not even ajax willing to advance any further . 
 when he reached the room nestor saw why . 
 the pythia was there . 
 she was n't as old as he 'd expected , but he could n't actually put an age to her . 
 perhaps twenty , perhaps twice that . 
 she sat on a chair at the far wall , most of her face obscured by strings of matted hair , with dirt ingrained in the rest . 
 her fingernails were broken off short and caked with muck . 
 she wore a long chiton , so old and filthy that nestor was n't sure what colour it had originally been . 
 when she moved nestor saw that she was chained to the seat , which in turn seemed to have been screwed into the rock . 
 the sight made him grit his teeth . 
 nobody deserved to be kept this way , like an animal locked away for a lifetime . 
 from one wall water came in a fine spray , a few inches above the floor . 
 it steamed gently , but you 'd have to hold a cup for a long time before it filled . 
 the air felt damp , clammy . 
 `` no wonder the priests do n't like outsiders to see their oracle , '' he said to diomedes . 
 his voice sounded strange , as though the words were doubled . 
 `` what ? '' 
 the man said , and he realised it was menelaus . 
 the younger atreide looked almost green in the wan light of a few candles mounted on the walls . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 `` king of sparta , lured away , '' the woman on the chair said abruptly . 
 almost sang it , in fact , crooning the words like a child talking to a beloved doll . 
 `` lost your dearest treasure , and dream of her at night . 
 in daylight , too . 
 dream of her . 
 touch . 
 taste of her mouth . 
 dream . '' 
 menelaus grew even paler . 
 he seemed about to speak but only swallowed , and nestor understood completely . 
 he felt bile in his own throat . 
 tynaeus had said they might feel peculiar in here , though nestor could n't remember his exact words now . 
 his head felt stuffed with linen . 
 `` high king , beloved daughter , '' the woman carolled . 
 `` love her , lose her , send her away . 
 away to sorrow . 
 your sacrifice , or hers ? 
 better that . 
 better that way . 
 your heart is sorrow . '' 
 `` ask her , '' menelaus said , speaking for the first time all day . 
 `` ask her , brother . 
 my gorge is rising . 
 if we have to stay here long i 'll vomit on the floor . '' 
 agamemnon nodded , and took a step forward . 
 at once he swayed and fell back again , clutching at his throat . 
 `` faugh ! 
 the air in here is foul ! '' 
 `` not the air , '' nestor managed . 
 `` the water . 
 there 's something in the moisture that makes us sick . '' 
 `` the olympians know what it must have done to her , '' diomedes said , with a jerk of his head towards the priestess . 
 agamemnon had recovered a little of his composure now . 
 he did n't advance again , but his voice came out stronger than the others were able to manage . 
 `` pythia , hear my question ! 
 what will follow if greece goes to war against troy ? '' 
 the woman went still . 
 normally the priests read out questions written down by petitioners , and then interpreted her answers before carrying them back to the surface . 
 it was that which agamemnon had wanted to bypass ; he did n't want a nameless cleric to change any of what the prophetess might say . 
 he preferred to hear it himself . 
 if he now had to ask the priests to translate it would be awfully embarrassing . 
 `` troy rises to power , but troy may yet fall , '' the pythia said . 
 her voice echoed in the cavern , seeming to come from many mouths at once . 
 `` rise as susa rises , fall as hattusa falls . 
 troy 's fate lies in the hands of the greeks . '' 
 the words died away . 
 her chin rested on her chest . 
 `` does that mean , '' menelaus began , and stopped , frowning . 
 `` it means we will destroy troy , '' agamemnon said exultantly . 
 `` did n't you hear her ? 
 troy 's fate lies in the hands of the greeks . 
 if we lead our armies there , we will conquer , brother . '' 
 `` more i will say . '' 
 the prophetess raised her head , and with a shock nestor saw she was blind . 
 he stumbled back a step , horrified by the dark holes where eyes should be . 
 to his left ajax made a choking sound and reeled away up the tunnel . 
 a moment later nestor heard the big man throwing up . 
 `` more , '' the pythia repeated . 
 `` if all greece brings war to troy , the greatest of heroes will fall on both sides . 
 fame will be won that rings down the ages . 
 and the euxine sea will lie open to greek ships , while greece 's name will be written in letters of fire that burn for thousands of years . 
 this i foretell . '' 
 she fell silent again , her head falling forward . 
 nestor gulped down his own bile , fighting to stay upright . 
 he thought he was swaying and was n't sure . 
 tynaeus ' words came back to him , clearly this time ; you may find yourself struggling to see , or to hear , and your balance may desert you . 
 he could still hear ajax blundering his way towards the surface . 
 `` we should go . 
 before these fumes overwhelm us . '' 
 `` good idea , '' diomedes agreed . 
 he turned and hurried away , once turning his head to spit a great glob of phlegm against the passage wall . 
 menelaus was right behind him . 
 in the chamber nestor looked pityingly at the priestess . 
 `` i wish we could help her , '' he said . 
 `` without her there would be no prophecies . 
 and we have what we came for . '' 
 agamemnon still sounded jubilant . 
 `` a prophecy of troy 's defeat . 
 come . 
 let 's join the others . '' 
 that is n't what she said , nestor thought . 
 he was already struggling to remember what she had said though . 
 troy may rise or may fall , and that fate is in the greeks ' hands ; there will be glory and fallen heroes ; and the trade routes of the east will lie open . 
 something like that . 
 it did sound bad for troy , he had to admit it , but the pythia had n't actually said the city would fall . 
 prophecies were notoriously slippery things . 
 you might think they promised one thing when in fact they did not , and the reality was far different . 
 best to deal with it on the surface . 
 he turned and began to feel his way back up the tunnel , careful to avoid the slightly darker patch of floor where poor ajax had emptied his stomach , and no doubt lost half his pride . 
 he would be irritable for a long time because of that , easy to provoke to anger . 
 nestor could n't worry about that now . 
 his head was ringing and he could n't feel his feet . 
 whenever he blinked the single candle up ahead became three or four , and he stumbled into a wall trying to walk towards the wrong one . 
 finally he just felt his way along with one hand on the stone , and when he felt the first breath of fresh outdoors air on his face it was like new love to a lonesome man . 
 chapter twenty fame will be won `` perhaps you can tell us now , '' nestor said later , `` why you 've been in such a foul mood since the gathering . '' 
 the five of them were seated around a table partway down the mountain , in the town that provided accommodation and food for visitors to the oracle . 
 far below the pleistos river was a string of pale blue , splashed with white . 
 on the far hillside deer browsed a slope patched with stands of trees , pines and cypress mostly , with wild grasses between . 
 nestor could see twenty cairns from where he sat , easily . 
 most of them were simple piles of rock , only a few feet high ; just enough to serve as markers , and no more . 
 they appeared everywhere , some on the slope among the grazing deer , others by the road up from the river , more under the eaves of the woods . 
 each one marked where a god had been seen , or a dryad brushing her hair in the fading of the day . 
 there was no holier site in the world than delphi . 
 not even egypt held a place so sacred . 
 `` i suppose so , '' agamemnon said , after a moment . 
 the high king did n't look well enough to argue for long . 
 he was pale and his face drawn , as though he 'd suffered a series of sleepless nights or a bout of dysentery that had left him weak . 
 menelaus was no better , and diomedes was drinking wine at a prodigious rate , pouring straight from the jug with no water added at all . 
 it was ajax who was worst off though , slouching in his chair and not meeting anyone 's eyes . 
 he picked at the figs and olives but left the meats alone , and the wine . 
 nestor suspected the big man was afraid that if he ate properly he 'd throw up again . 
 `` well ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` it 's that goat-spawned devil in crete , '' agamemnon said . 
 `` idomeneus . 
 he sent his cousin to the gathering in his place . 
 it turns out he had a reason for that . '' 
 `` unrest in some of the villages , was n't it ? '' 
 menelaus asked . 
 he really was slow sometimes . 
 if there was nothing more to this than the story meriones had told , agamemnon would n't be so furious about it . 
 the high king shook his head . 
 `` i do n't think so , brother . 
 that was just a tale spun to deceive us . 
 idomeneus has a higher aim . '' 
 `` which is ? '' 
 nestor asked . 
 he was growing tired of teasing out words one by one , but he did n't dare push harder . 
 agamemnon might turn that temper onto him . 
 `` first , he demanded equal authority with me over any army sent to troy , '' agamemnon said . 
 ajax dropped a handful of raisins with a bellow . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i do n't think he was serious . 
 he just wanted to remind me how badly i need those cretan ships . 
 and i do need them , '' agamemnon admitted gloomily . 
 `` we can manage without , but it will take us longer to transport our troops , or else we 'll have to spend a summer building enough galleys to take everyone in a single voyage . 
 either way , we lose time . 
 idomeneus knows it . '' 
 `` troy will use any time we give them to build their defences , '' diomedes said . 
 `` to train soldiers , too , and to call for help from allies . 
 we ca n't afford to gift them a year for it . '' 
 `` i know that , '' agamemnon said dangerously . 
 `` i am not a complete fool . '' 
 no , nestor thought privately , but you 're making a good try at it . 
 aloud he said , `` so what was his real demand ? '' 
 `` he wants to marry my daughter , '' agamemnon said . 
 `` iphigenia . 
 he demands it , however courteous his words . 
 that 's his price . 
 i will have to hand her to him if i want his ships . '' 
 `` i 'll tear his fawning tongue out with my hands ! '' 
 ajax erupted . 
 `` i 'll pop his eyeballs like grapes ! 
 i 'll -- i 'll -- '' he tailed off , perhaps running out of words . 
 or perhaps he remembered that he was the one who 'd vomited back in the pythia 's cave , and any threats from him just now sounded ridiculous . 
 nestor looked out over the narrow valley , considering . 
 idomeneus had been one of those who hoped to marry helen , before she picked menelaus as her husband . 
 the cretan king had lost his wife some years ago , with no children to show for the union . 
 he must be forty by now , and he looked it , a careworn and weary man entering middle age with no heir to groom to replace him . 
 those things made some men restless . 
 idomeneus must be wondering why he fought so hard to hold power if he had no one to leave it to . 
 iphigenia was young enough to give him children by the dozen , if he wanted so many , but she was n't merely a brood mare . 
 she would tie idomeneus to the great families of mainland greece , something helen would also have given him . 
 any cretan king would feel rather isolated from the stream of events in greece , always on the outside looking in , and sometimes forgotten . 
 marriage into the atreide dynasty would give idomeneus a chance to change that . 
 this must be what the pythia had meant in the cave . 
 nestor 's memory had returned , once he was out of the cloying fumes of the cave and in the fresh air again . 
 beloved daughter ... love her , lose her . 
 send her away to sorrow . 
 the sacrifice agamemnon must make , for the war he longed for . 
 `` clever of him , '' nestor said . 
 agamemnon glared , and then tossed his head like an angry bull . 
 `` yes . 
 i suppose it is . '' 
 `` you do n't have to accept the demand , '' diomedes said . 
 `` not from the mountain boar of crete . '' 
 `` i do if i want this war , '' agamemnon said . 
 `` because i need the ships , and because if crete stands aside from the fighting we might destroy troy , but at the cost of losing control of the greensea to idomeneus . 
 we would trade one obstructive enemy for another . 
 and i do want to destroy troy , after what we heard in the cave . 
 do we agree on that ? '' 
 `` yes , '' ajax and menelaus said immediately , at the exact same time . 
 nestor said `` no , '' and diomedes only looked troubled . 
 `` what do you mean , no ? '' 
 agamemnon demanded . 
 `` you heard the prophetess . 
 troy 's fate is ours to control , we greeks . 
 if we go , troy will fall . '' 
 `` that 's not quite what she said , '' nestor replied . 
 `` no , high king , i do n't mean to insult you . 
 but we should be very clear on precisely what the pythia said . 
 i heard her say troy 's fate lies in the hands of the greeks , but i did not hear her say the city will fall if we assault it . 
 she said that troy may rise , or she may fall . 
 it 's not the same thing . '' 
 `` troy may rise like susa , '' diomedes put in , `` wherever that is . 
 has anyone heard of it ? '' 
 none of them had . 
 `` or fall like hattusa , she said . 
 but hattusa has n't fallen . 
 i did n't understand that part . '' 
 `` neither did i , '' menelaus agreed . 
 agamemnon leaned forward . 
 `` we ca n't expect to comprehend every word she spoke . 
 it was apollo 's words we heard , spoken through her mouth : that 's the point of the oracle , after all . 
 but we can understand a lot . 
 troy 's fate lies in the hands of the greeks , she said . 
 what more could we ask than that alone ? 
 if we go to troy we lay our hands on the strings of destiny . 
 our hands , not trojan ones . 
 is n't that reason enough to go ? '' 
 diomedes was nodding , nestor saw with dismay . 
 he tried to speak but agamemnon was n't done , and the high king drove right over him . 
 `` fame will be won that rings down the ages , '' he said . 
 agamemnon 's eyes were closed as he dredged the words out of his memory . 
 `` that should be enough too , but there 's more . 
 greece 's name will be written in letters of fire that burn for thousands of years . 
 we 're warriors , my friends . 
 our forefathers built these kingdoms with sweat and spears , and we 're being told we can build a greek empire that will last eternity . 
 how can we turn away from a future like that ? '' 
 diomedes was nodding again . 
 menelaus had been from the start , but then , he always agreed with his older brother . 
 nestor could remember when agamemnon had first begun learning the spear , and little menelaus had toddled into the tiltyard at mycenae to watch , eager as a puppy to join in . 
 as for ajax , after his embarrassment in the cave he was always going to vote for war now , to prove he was n't afraid . 
 a man like him could do nothing else . 
 it all depended on diomedes , just as odysseus had said when he came to nestor for help in forming a plan . 
 if the king of argolis opted against war , the lords here would be split three to two , and agamemnon would have no mandate to launch his attack on troy . 
 if he voted for , then nestor 's would be the only dissenting voice , and the die would be cast . 
 the greeks would be going to war in anatolia , for a prize he doubted they could win . 
 he tried desperately to think of an argument against it , and his mind snagged something the pythia had told them . 
 `` she said this would only happen if `` all greece '' joined the war . 
 that means achilles and the myrmidons , and it means crete too , i 'm afraid . '' 
 `` i know it , '' agamemnon said , voice level . 
 he had decided , then . 
 agamemnon would send his young daughter to greece to marry a middle-aged king he detested , in order to gain cretan support for the struggle to come . 
 the girl 's mother would be livid ; clytemnestra was reputed to have a vicious temper , and it was an open secret that she believed agamemnon saw their children more as tools than as people to be loved . 
 this would not help change her mind . 
 agamemnon knew that , and he was going to do it anyway . 
 nestor felt a wave of dismay and fought it off . 
 if there was still a chance to turn this fate aside it had to be done now , before they left this little town . 
 he opened his mouth , and a voice behind him said , `` my lord ? '' 
 it was one of agamemnon 's guards , a soldier clad in cuirass and helmet even here , in the most sacred place in greece . 
 he waited for his king 's nod before he continued . 
 `` a messenger has come , my lord . 
 from the east . 
 he says he carries tidings for you . '' 
 agamemnon nodded . 
 `` he has been searched ? '' 
 `` thoroughly , yes . '' 
 `` then bring him to me . '' 
 the high king turned back to his companions . 
 `` news from troy , i wager . 
 now we will see . 
 perhaps they are ready to give up , before we even raise a spear . '' 
 nestor doubted it . 
 the trojans would not abduct helen and then cave in so easily : it made no sense . 
 he hoped he was wrong , if only because it would end this lunacy before it could begin ... except that agamemnon would be encouraged to believe there was nobody who could stand against greece , and the next time someone upset him he 'd demand revenge even more loudly than now . 
 if it was n't war on troy it would be war in egypt , or phoenicia , or even far across the greensea in wealthy carthage . 
 but all he could hope for was to win time . 
 prevent this war , and perhaps something else would happen to prevent the next , until finally agamemnon died and a saner man became high king . 
 nestor would be long dead by then . 
 most of the task would fall on odysseus , and menestheus in attica . 
 but nestor had a feeling , as he watched the messenger approach , that they were n't going to have the chance . 
 a dove cried , right above the kings ' table . 
 nestor turned his head in time to see it sweep away , a pale bird with black-barred wings , and his spirits sank even lower . 
 doves were sacred animals , always to be found where a god was present , or had been . 
 that one had called out so close to the men had to mean the gods were watching what was about to happen . 
 he turned back to the messenger , hands suddenly cold . 
 `` my king . '' 
 the man knelt a few yards from agamemnon , and nestor felt his brows rise . 
 anatolians knelt , carthaginians and egyptians did , but greeks were content to bow . 
 but evidently agamemnon had begun insisting that his servants kneel , as though before a foreign potentate . 
 there were implications , if so . 
 perhaps agamemnon believed that being high king entitled him to greater respect than an ordinary king . 
 and perhaps that would lead to trouble , one day . 
 but not today . 
 the messenger was still kneeling . 
 `` what news ? '' 
 agamemnon asked . 
 `` word from the east , '' the man told him . 
 `` we 've heard from two merchants now that there are stories of a great battle between the hittites and assyrians , fought somewhere beyond the mountains . 
 one called the battle sinjar , the other keshad . 
 both agree the hittites were defeated , and badly . '' 
 the high king leaned forward . 
 `` how badly ? '' 
 `` it seems their entire chariot force was destroyed , '' the man said . 
 `` trapped in narrow ground by ranks of spearmen , according to one of our people , though we ca n't confirm that . 
 half their spears were lost in the retreat -- perhaps a good deal more than half . 
 word in halicarnassus is that the assyrians are advancing on hattusa itself . '' 
 `` by the lord of the black cloud , '' agamemnon breathed . 
 `` the hittites are broken . 
 this is an omen ! 
 a sign from zeus himself . '' 
 nestor closed his eyes for a moment . 
 he knew now there was no point in further protest . 
 not just because agamemnon would never listen , but because the gods were playing this game , beyond doubt . 
 the dove removed any doubt of that . 
 when the gods involved themselves there was nothing a mortal man could do but try to ride the storm , or he would be broken like a ship caught in surging currents . 
 menelaus and ajax were watching the high king with shining eyes , convinced this meant the gods were on their side . 
 even diomedes looked awed . 
 the gods were tricksters though , as likely to lure a man on and then betray him as they were to keep their faith . 
 agamemnon was a fool if he thought he could trust them . 
 but saying so would gain nothing . 
 not anymore . 
 agamemnon picked up his wine cup . 
 colour had returned to his face now , and he was smiling widely . 
 `` we go to troy ! '' 
 `` to troy ! '' 
 menelaus repeated , ever the sycophant , and ajax bellowed , `` troy shall fall ! '' 
 diomedes echoed him a moment later . 
 all the choices had run out . 
 nestor remembered abruptly the words spoken by the priest in thessaly long before , over the body of the great boar peleus had speared . 
 from this moment the world turns towards war . 
 antenor of troy had been there that day , to plead for the return of hesione . 
 that princess had become an open wound , dripping poison between troy and greece . 
 now here they were , preparing for war to rescue the woman troy had stolen in desperate response . 
 he reached for his cup and held it up , managing a smile that he thought looked genuine . 
 he supposed it did n't matter . 
 even agamemnon had n't yet tried to choose which thoughts he would allow a man to have , in the privacy of his own mind . 
 what counted were a man 's actions . 
 in this case , whether he brought his ships and armies to the war in the east . 
 nestor would do so . 
 ride the storm , or be broken . 
 `` to troy , '' he said . 
 * she found him where she 'd expected to , standing at the rampart of ilos ' tower , at the western end of the pergamos . 
 the meltemi had died away , leaving troy calm and still , even this high up . 
 he had sent the guard away . 
 usually there was only one , able to look out from here over the plain and bay of troy , across the hellespont and even into thrace beyond . 
 which was what priam was doing , of course . 
 he was fifty now , his hair more white than the sandy colour it had once been , his shoulders more rounded . 
 lines in the folds of his fingers and around his blue eyes . 
 there were times when the light fell just so , and hecuba would catch sight of hector from the tail of her eye and think he was priam , just for a moment . 
 priam as he had been , when they married . 
 the years had been kind enough , until now . 
 until recently hecuba had believed they would continue to be . 
 `` i heard the news , '' she said . 
 he nodded , unsurprised by her voice , and went on staring west . 
 the southern beach of the bay was there , thick as ever with trading ships from across the greensea . 
 hecuba could make out brown phoenicians and black men from egypt , sailors in kilts and others in trousers , in caps or hats or bare-headed , some in robes and some wearing shirts , or stripped to the waist . 
 visitors from the whole greensea , come laden with trade goods but also come to wonder at troy , its wealth and splendour . 
 from an eastern tower she would be able to see the caravans on the trojan road . 
 fewer of them than the ships , of course , but easier to see -- or at least the dust trails they raised were . 
 the men on the wagons might be colchians or zhykians , hard-eyed fighters from sarmatia or even the pale , red-haired men who came from rus , the land of great rivers north of the euxine sea . 
 they might be hittites or assyrians just as easily , perhaps sent by their great kings to offer riches beyond measure for horses reared on the trojan plains , tarpans trained by trojan wranglers . 
 this was not the centre of the world , not yet . 
 but it was sometimes difficult to remember that . 
 `` well ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he turned his head to look down at her . 
 white hair and lines aside , his eyes were still the same , blue and bright and clear . 
 he was still the same , older and more worn , but still the man she remembered . 
 `` what is there to say ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` the argives are mad . 
 only madmen would react as they have . '' 
 `` you do n't blame paris ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` paris is what he 's always been . 
 it might be that hector 's right , and we indulged paris too much as he grew . 
 the youngest child is often loved too much , and spoiled . '' 
 `` it was me who told you that , '' she said . 
 `` i know , '' priam said . 
 no smile ghosted about his lips , as it usually did when she teased him . 
 `` but there 's no point in blaming paris . 
 the plan was antenor 's , and since he first suggested it two years ago nobody has found anything to criticise in it . 
 not me , not ucalegon or hector or aeneas . 
 not even you , my dear . 
 if there 's guilt here , we all share it . '' 
 she caught the note in his voice and responded to it . 
 `` but you do n't believe there is . '' 
 `` no . 
 the plan was a good one , even after paris ... altered it . 
 faced with the loss of helen , as well as punitive taxes on the road , the argives should have bargained . 
 any reasonable men would have done , but not them . 
 i do n't believe they know reason , not anymore . 
 they truly are mad . '' 
 `` they always were , '' she said . 
 `` or else driven to their actions by capricious gods , which amounts to the same thing . 
 we knew that . 
 if the fault is ours to share , let us admit as much . '' 
 he sighed and nodded , hands on the parapet . 
 `` it will be war , then , '' she prompted . 
 `` so our agents tell us , '' priam said . 
 he sighed for a second time . 
 `` i will send to our allies and vassals tomorrow morning . 
 tell them to strengthen their walls and build new ones where none exist . 
 and tell them troy will need the aid they have promised , these past years . '' 
 he pointed past her , across the plain with its clumps of grazing horses . 
 `` do you see there ? '' 
 `` what am i looking for ? '' 
 `` cradle bay , '' he told her . 
 `` that 's where they 'll land . 
 the bay of troy is too much of a risk , because when the meltemi blows it will pin their ships to the strand . 
 that will break up their supplies , and put them at risk if our warriors can reach their prows while the wind keeps them from putting to sea . '' 
 he shrugged under her penetrating gaze . 
 `` when i was a boy i tried to imagine how best to attack troy by water . 
 this is what i worked out . 
 hector has reached the same conclusion now , though i 've never spoken to him of the plan i made , all those years ago . '' 
 she studied him a moment longer , then reached up to place a soft kiss on his cheek . 
 priam touched his fingers to the place and frowned at her , obviously not understanding . 
 `` for you , '' she said . 
 `` because you have been a good shepherd to your people , all of your life . 
 whatever happens now . '' 
 he did smile then , just a flicker of movement at the corners of his mouth , but it would do . 
 it would more than do , on this grim day . 
 they were going to need laughter in the days ahead , if the argives really were coming . 
 and if they did n't baulk at their first sight of the mighty walls of troy , rising out of the plain and seeming to hold up the sky . 
 hecuba did n't think they would , though she wished it . 
 but then , if the argives could be wished away the world would have been rid of them long ago , thanks to the sheer number of victims around the greensea who prayed fervently that they would be swept away and lost . 
 `` i would give it all away , '' he said , `` whatever reputation i have , and such affection as i 'm held in . 
 i 'd abandon it all , if it meant i could hand this city to hector intact , and safe , when my time comes . '' 
 `` you may yet , '' she said . 
 he smiled , but this time it was sad , and she said no more . 
 they stood on ilos ' tower and watched the ships in the bay below , some sliding north and others south , their sails limp in the still air . 
 caesura there is an island in the aegean , among the cyclades , which men call most fair . 
 its proper name is kallistē , named after a daughter of poseidon who first walked on land there , and it takes the shape of a half moon . 
 the smaller island of therasia closes most of the open bay to the west . 
 both islands are steep and rocky , but both also have pockets of the most fertile soil in the world , where the most bone-fisted farmer can throw seeds on the ground and sit back to watch them grow . 
 long ago , even before the time of perseus , kallistē and its companion were one island , or so the priests claim . 
 the shining bay between them did not exist . 
 some people say a great bull was imprisoned beneath it in those days , a child of the sea-nymph herself , deformed into a half-animal form because of some unnamed sin committed by kallistē in the past . 
 when he raged against his confinement the island shook , and smoke rose from mount nievo . 
 others tell a different story . 
 the island was a titan , they sat , an immortal giant made of stone , who curled himself up to hide from zeus when cronus was thrown down and left only his back above the waves . 
 his name was straeus , a brother of cronus and more cunning than he , for neither zeus nor the other gods could find him . 
 until one day kallistē set her feet on his back , and so knew him , and straeus realised his secret was betrayed . 
 whether bull-man or titan , the stories end the same way . 
 the island exploded in a storm of smashed stone and dust , climbing into the sky like a giant hand . 
 straeus rising to challenge the sky , and throw down olympus ; or just the debris thrown out as the minotaur sought to be free . 
 in either case , stones and hot ash fell like rain in greece , in anatolia , even as far as egypt . 
 in crete , directly south of kallistē , the sea rose up in a great wave that smashed itself against the coast , shattering palaces and towns . 
 mallia , kalami , pelagia , mochlos . 
 harbours and fleets were destroyed , farmland flooded , people washed away without trace . 
 the kingdom of minos fell , of course . 
 its stranglehold on shipping was broken , and its wealth was bleeding away long before theseus arrived to kill the last king . 
 people still speak of it , the common men as well as priests and kings . 
 whether the cause was a bull-man or a stone god , the tale reminds us that the gods can sometimes change our destinies for their own reasons , and wreak appalling destruction as they do . 
 * are all our actions thus fated ? 
 those of gods and men alike ? 
 once i believed as most men do , that it is the three sisters of fate who control our destinies ; the fine-armed daughters of night . 
 clothos the spinner , who spools the thread of a life onto her spindle . 
 lachesis the allotter , who measures the thread . 
 and atropos the inexorable , who cuts the thread with her shears , and turns a deaf ear to all pleas . 
 they can not be persuaded , or bribed , or bargained with . 
 they are implacable , and even gods die at their hands in the end . 
 i no longer believe so . 
 we choose our fates , we mortal men . 
 more often than not it 's we who set our own paths . 
 and in choosing we condemn ourselves to blood and ruin , time and again as generations pass . 
 we did so in the years before agamemnon called the greek kings to war against troy . 
 telamon could have handed hesione back , and been honoured for it . 
 instead he let himself be ruled by pride . 
 atreus , and later agamemnon , could have pressured him to do so , and yet did not . 
 antenor could have shown more caution , priam held out against the yearning of his heart to see his sister again . 
 and so , and so ; and step by step the world was dragged into the most ruinous war any of us had ever known , even in myth . 
 could the gods have been involved in this ? 
 guiding men 's hearts , hastening their tongues , heating their blood ? 
 perhaps . 
 but events would have proceeded the same way without them , and so i tend now to believe events did proceed without them . 
 we men are good at choosing ruin . 
 we do n't need gods to show us the way . 
 that winter messages ran through greece , calling the kings and their armies to aulis on the second full moon after the festival of anthesteria . 
 at the same time similar missives spread across troas and beyond , to the allies and friends of troy . 
 to pandarus on mount ida , and aeneas in dardanos . 
 south to king crethon of kolonia , eetion in thebe-under-plakos , and further afield to sarpedon of lydia and chromis of mysia . 
 word ran back , promising aid when the attack came . 
 one other city was asked for aid . 
 there was never any doubt what miletos would do . 
 it had suffered worse than any at greek hands , and its king danel sent back a vow to help troy stand with all the strength he owned or could call on . 
 meanwhile moats were cleaned out and deepened . 
 walls were rebuilt and made higher . 
 men were recruited as soldiers and trained . 
 fletchers produced barrels full of arrows , to be stacked on every rooftop and every tower ; carpenters turned out spears by the thousand ; metallurgists produced swords and points and buckles for cuirasses . 
 food was dried and stored carefully in jars . 
 the greeks knew all this was happening but were powerless to prevent it . 
 ships do not sail the seas in winter . 
 those which try too often end wrecked on rocks , or simply vanish , swallowed by storm waves or dragged down by nereids , the nymphs of the sea . 
 but men trained in greece too , while artisans churned out all the weaponry of war , and in the ports shipwrights worked day and night to make new galleys to carry the armies to troy . 
 i saw them myself that winter , in attica where men laboured at the great harbour of the piraeus . 
 i even helped to carry a timber for a hull once , when one of the workers caught his foot and twisted the ankle too badly to walk . 
 `` you 've a sturdy heart , '' one of the men said to me afterwards , `` but your body is n't strong enough for this , thersites . 
 best leave it to us . '' 
 that was my contribution , during those long months of preparation . 
 i carried one log to be split for planking . 
 hardly a hero 's effort ; but then , whoever heard of a hero like me ? 
 but i should not be dismayed . 
 i am still here , when so many heroes who went to troy lie still in its black earth . 
 that winter they yet lived , and prepared for what was to come . 
 about the author i 'm ben blake , and i hope you enjoyed the first volume of my version of the tale of troy . 
 if you could leave a review that 'd be great . 
 the second volume , heirs of immortality , is due out in the autumn of 2014 . 
 feel free to contact me if you like , whether you liked the novel or not ; facebook : https://www.facebook.com/benblakeauthor . 
 blog : http://benblake.blogspot.co.uk/ email : ben.blake@hotmail.co.uk also by ben blake the risen king blood and gold -lrb- songs of sorrow volume 1 -rrb- the gate of angels -lrb- songs of sorrow volume 2 -rrb- 
