 outage by t.w. piperbrook copyright © 2014 by t. w. piperbrook . 
 all rights reserved . 
 first smashwords edition : june 2014 edited by amanda sumner . 
 cover by keri knutson . 
 formatted by polgarus studio . 
 special thanks to linda tooch , delinda jiles , and jeff a. for your proofreading and critique ! 
 for more information on the author 's work , visit : http://twpiperbrook.blogspot.com/ dedicated to the readers . 
 you make it all worthwhile ! 
 all rights reserved . 
 this ebook is licensed for the personal enjoyment of the original purchaser only . 
 this ebook may not be resold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you are reading this ebook and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return it and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 the characters and events portrayed in this book are a work of fiction or are used fictitiously . 
 any similarity to real persons , living or dead , is coincidental and not intended by the author . 
 about outage : when newlyweds abby and rob awaken , the power is out , the neighborhood is covered in snow , and the house is freezing . 
 they 'll soon find out that the storm is the least of their worries . 
 somewhere outside , something else is lurking . 
 waiting for the chance to strike ... want to know when the next release is coming out ? 
 sign up for new release alerts at http://eepurl.com/qy_sh prologue leon hamilton awoke to a wall of static . 
 he blinked twice , watching black and white spots dance across the television screen . 
 his left hand clutched the beer he 'd been working on ; his legs were stiff and asleep . 
 `` aw , hell , '' he muttered . 
 adeline was going to kill him . 
 he 'd promised to be in bed hours ago , but he 'd fallen asleep again . 
 that was the third time this week . 
 now he was going to wake her when he got into bed . 
 his late-night television habit had long been a source of conflict , and one he 'd promised to work on . 
 now he was going to get his ass reamed . 
 leon set the half-empty beer on the end table next to him . 
 he was surprised he had n't dropped it . 
 if he had , he 'd have been in even more trouble . 
 the only thing his wife liked better than sleep was a clean house . 
 a beer stain would mean the end of him . 
 after setting down his beer , he reached for the television remote . 
 he was about to shut off the set when he noticed something . 
 according to the clock on the television , it was ten past eleven , but already the cable box had turned off . 
 usually , the timer lasted for a good five hours . 
 that 's strange , he thought . 
 maybe there was an issue with the cable . 
 he contemplated checking the wires but thought better of taking the time to do it now . 
 he was in enough trouble as it was . 
 he decided to leave it until the morning . 
 he got to his feet and clicked the power button on the remote . 
 the television winked off . 
 still groggy , leon stretched , shaking off the remnants of sleep , and started through the den . 
 the glow of kitchen appliances filtered in from the next room . 
 in front of him were an open kitchen and living room ; in between was a small hallway that led to a bathroom . 
 adeline was sleeping upstairs . 
 they 'd talked about downsizing after the kids had moved out , but they had n't gotten around to it yet . 
 leon padded through the kitchen , trying to make as little noise as possible . 
 if he could avoid waking adeline , maybe he could dodge her verbal assault until morning . 
 maybe she wo n't even know i was up . 
 he smiled at the thought . 
 he took the hallway on his left and studied the bathroom . 
 after a careful internal debate , he detoured into it . 
 as worried as he was about the noise , he had to piss . 
 the bathroom floor consisted of tile . 
 leon could feel the cold through his socks , creeping into the arches of his feet and numbing his toes . 
 he nudged the door closed to a crack and headed for the toilet . 
 a lone green night-light occupied the outlet above the sink , casting an ethereal glow through the room . 
 leon unzipped his fly . 
 above him was a window , and he stared through the pane while he relieved himself . 
 it was then that he noticed the snow . 
 large white flakes drifted past the window , obscuring his view of the outside . 
 his brow furrowed . 
 he had n't heard mention of snow in the forecast . 
 it was only october , after all -- much too early for a storm . 
 he blinked a few times to ensure he was n't imagining things , but the snow continued . 
 so that 's why it 's so damn cold in here , he thought . 
 with a shrug , leon finished his business and headed to the sink , aiming to wash his hands . 
 he 'd just reached for the faucet when the nightlight went out . 
 what the hell ? 
 he held still for a minute , confused . 
 had the bulb burned out ? 
 if so , he had some of the worst luck ever . 
 first the cable and now this , he thought . 
 he felt around the wall for the device , thinking he could coax it into working . 
 it took a second for him to realize the whole house had gone silent . 
 the power was out . 
 leon paused , his hand on the night-light . 
 the routine hum of appliances had ceased , plunging the house into absolute quiet . 
 outside , the wind kicked up a notch , peppering snow against the windowpane . 
 although there were no lights on the side of the house , he could see the white powder by the pale light of the sky . 
 dammit . 
 that meant the heat would n't work , either . 
 shaking his head , leon inched open the bathroom door and stepped into the hallway . 
 one of the floorboards creaked . 
 he cursed under his breath , listening for adeline . 
 he was about to head upstairs to the bedroom when he heard a clatter . 
 leon jumped and swiveled around in the dark house . 
 it took him a second to realize the noise had n't come from within the house , but from the yard . 
 what the hell was that ? 
 he backed away from the doorway . 
 had animals gotten into the garbage again ? 
 he thought he 'd warded them off for good last time . 
 dammit . 
 he could hear his wife snoring upstairs . 
 she 'd be pissed if the animals made a mess . 
 the last thing he wanted to do was go outside , but the thought of adeline chewing him out prompted him to head back into the kitchen and get his coat . 
 on his way , he peered out the sliding glass doors in the living room , but saw nothing . 
 he pulled on his jacket , then walked through the kitchen and to the back door . 
 a pair of boots lay on the floor mat . 
 he retrieved them and slipped them on . 
 when he 'd finished dressing , he turned his attention outside . 
 the wind had picked up , and it battered against the windowpane , casting a layer of white over the small , rectangular windows . 
 out of habit , he flicked on the light switch . 
 the backyard remained dark . 
 the garbage bins were about a hundred feet away , next to the shed . 
 he peered into the night but could make out little more than their outlines in the snow . 
 there was no sign of any animals . 
 perhaps the raccoons had already scurried away . 
 for a second , he contemplated going to bed . 
 but if he did , and the animals made a mess , he 'd feel adeline 's wrath for sure . 
 he reached for a broom beside the refrigerator , then opened the back door . 
 he was immediately hit with a blast of cold . 
 leon folded his arms across his chest . 
 it was freezing . 
 he 'd make quick work of the animals , then scoot back inside . 
 he stepped into the yard , immediately blinded by the falling snow . 
 in just a few minutes the storm had intensified , and he could no longer see more than a few feet in front of him . 
 there were already several inches of snow on the ground . 
 he shielded his face with his arms and took another step , wielding the broom . 
 his legs faltered . 
 leon was groggy , and half-drunk to boot . 
 i should n't have had that many beers before bedtime . 
 i should 've gone to bed . 
 if he 'd skipped watching television , he 'd be asleep right now . 
 but it was too late for that . 
 he picked up his pace , boots crunching the snow . 
 the shed loomed closer . 
 through the blizzard , he could now make out the white vinyl siding and the black shutters that matched his house . 
 the two garbage bins sat next to it . 
 neither appeared to have been disturbed . 
 false alarm , he thought . 
 if the critters had been trying to get in , there was no sign of them now . 
 he looked to his right . 
 past the neighbor 's fence , he could see the shadowed hulk of the house next door . 
 the raised ranch was dark . 
 they 're probably asleep . 
 like i should be . 
 whatever he 'd heard must not have been the garbage cans . 
 perhaps he was imagining things . 
 leon was tired as hell , after all . 
 he turned his attention back to the house and began slogging his way through the snow . 
 in front of him he could see the outline of the back door , which he 'd left open a crack . 
 he was almost there . 
 he blinked to clear the ice that clung to his eyelashes . 
 it was then that he sensed something behind him . 
 leon paused mid-stride , tightening his grip on the broom . 
 his feet quaked from the cold , and his face felt like it was going numb . 
 in spite of that , he smiled . 
 the stupid raccoons probably thought they were going to pull one over on him . 
 maybe they were trying to wait him out . 
 if that was the case , they had another thing coming . 
 he spun and peered into the darkness . 
 the shed and the garbage cans were exactly as he remembered them . 
 next to them , cloaked in shadow , was a pair of eyes . 
 leon blinked twice to ensure he was n't seeing things , but the image persisted : twin embers looking at him from the left-hand side of the shed . 
 was he imagining things ? 
 was he more drunk than he thought ? 
 he squinted , but could only make out a shadowed mass behind the cans . 
 whatever it was , it was big . 
 much bigger than any raccoon . 
 he 'd need more than a broom . 
 before he could react , the thing moved . 
 leon fell back a step , almost losing his balance . 
 the thing watched his movements , tracking him like prey . 
 though he could n't see what the thing was , he could sense that it was dangerous , that it meant him harm , and he fought the overpowering urge to run . 
 whatever it was would sense his fear . 
 he was n't sure of much , but that he knew . 
 he backpedaled slowly , testing each step . 
 although he was n't far from the door , he knew that running might provoke a predator to attack . 
 if he could get just a little farther , he could clear the doorway . 
 then he 'd slam the door and call animal control . 
 the police . 
 someone . 
 anyone . 
 someone would take care of it , and afterward , he 'd get some sleep . 
 the thing moved again . 
 leon repeated his plan in his head as he inched backward , his heart knocking against his ribcage . 
 he was getting close to the door . 
 he could see the house in his peripheral vision ; he was almost there . 
 before he could reach the door , the shape emerged from the shadows , illuminated by the pale wintry sky . 
 the animal -- thing -- was the size of a man , but it walked on both hands and feet , its body covered in coarse dark hair . 
 it sniffed the air as it came toward him , eyes blazing . 
 leon attempted to turn , but in his panic , he tripped . 
 the snow had already accumulated several inches , and he stumbled in the crevice of his own footprints . 
 suddenly he was flat on his back . 
 he pushed off the ground , scrambling to right himself , but he was too late . 
 the creature was already loping toward him , and before he knew it the thing was hovering over him , its warm breath misting the air . 
 leon opened his mouth to scream , but no sound came out . 
 his heart thundered . 
 he watched as the creature tilted its head to the sky as if performing some ancient ritual . 
 tendons stretched , nostrils flared . 
 its eyes roved the night , perusing the heavens , then lowered and locked on his face . 
 the last thing leon saw was a set of jagged teeth and claws . 
 he screamed as the creature ripped into him , its nails severing his head from his body . 
 his last conscious thought was of adeline . 
 in his haste , he 'd neglected to shut the door . 
 part one -- the storm chapter one abby tanner awoke to a series of cracks and thumps , and she sat upright in her bed , certain the roof was about to cave in . 
 the room was dark , but the windows contained an eerie glow , as if someone were shining car headlights on the back of the shades . 
 she patted the bed around her . 
 to her left were her ipod headphones . 
 to her right was her husband . 
 abby normally fell asleep to her favorite podcast , letting the soothing sounds usher her to sleep , but the ipod had long since shut off . 
 her husband continued to snore . 
 dammit , rob . 
 the man could sleep through a tornado . 
 she slid her fingers into her armpits , searching for a hint of warmth . 
 abby was wearing only a t-shirt and shorts . 
 normally the temperature in the house was hot and dry , but not tonight . 
 tonight it was damn near freezing . 
 she held her breath and listened for the sound of the furnace . 
 it was only october , but she 'd become accustomed to the noise . 
 on a typical night , she could hear it rattling and groaning , doing its best to maintain the seventy-degree temperature rob set it to . 
 tonight it was silent . 
 had it broken ? 
 perhaps the noise was the sound of the furnace crapping out . 
 she 'd known they 'd needed a new one . 
 during the inspection , the technician had mentioned it 'd only be good for another few seasons . 
 damn it . 
 right before winter , and on a cold night to boot . 
 she peered next to her at the bedside table , but the alarm clock had gone dark . 
 so it was n't just the furnace . 
 the power was out , too . 
 not only did they have no heat , there was no electricity , either . 
 great . 
 just great . 
 outside , something snapped . 
 the noise was loud , almost like a crack of lightning , and abby stiffened . 
 after a few seconds , she heard a muffled thud from the backyard . 
 she reached over and shook her husband , hoping to rouse him , but rob continued to snore . 
 annoyed , she lowered her bare feet to the carpet . 
 the floorboards creaked underneath her weight . 
 with the electricity and the heat off , the house had become a conduit for sound , and every noise lingered . 
 she held her breath as she padded across the room . 
 the bed was five feet from the windows , and the windows were covered in gray vinyl shades . 
 abby often had trouble sleeping , and she 'd insisted on getting the thickest ones they could find . 
 she walked across the room , the carpet cold against her toes . 
 how long had they been without power ? 
 the house was frigid . 
 she kept her eyes locked on the shades , studying the strange backlight that crept around the edges . 
 they lived on a cul-de-sac , and there were only four other houses on the street . 
 most of their neighbors were quiet and kept to themselves . 
 none were usually awake past ten o’clock . 
 so where was the light coming from ? 
 she reached for the nearest window and parted the shade . 
 immediately she was hit with a sea of white . 
 the road and houses were covered in snow , the sharp lines of rooftops and gutters softened by round edges . 
 across the street , a burned-out streetlight hung like a teardrop , keeping vigil over the darkened neighborhood . 
 the sky was an ominous gray . 
 she 'd had no idea it was supposed to snow . 
 in fact , from what she remembered , the weather was supposed to be clear . 
 she had n't even thought it snowed this early in the season . 
 at the same time , the weather in connecticut was unpredictable , and the forecast tended to change by the minute . 
 if she 'd learned anything at all , it was that . 
 the storm explained the brightness at the windows . 
 it also explained the power outage . 
 the wires were blanketed with snow . 
 one of them must 've been disabled . 
 she perused the windows of the neighboring houses but saw no lights . 
 the two houses across the street -- the pierces ' and the morgans ' -- were dark and desolate . 
 although she only had a partial view of the hamiltons ' next door , their house appeared dark as well . 
 the only other house was at the end of the cul-de-sac , a brown contemporary that was set back from the road . 
 she had n't had a chance to meet the owner yet , but it appeared he was without power , too . 
 at least we 're not in this alone . 
 she lowered the shade . 
 more than likely , someone else had already called in the outage , but she 'd phone it in just in case . 
 it could take a while for the utility trucks to arrive . 
 it was a friday night , after all , and probably after hours . 
 besides , it was snowing . 
 she was about to step away from the window when she heard another crack . 
 her heart jumped . 
 abby returned , hands shaking , and peered back outside . 
 a tree limb had broken from an enormous pine across the street , and it hurtled to the ground , landing with a whump in the neighbor 's front yard . 
 `` holy shit , '' abby whispered , holding her hand over her mouth . 
 she surveyed the trees . 
 all of the branches were sagging with snow . 
 because it was early in the season , the leaves had n't even fallen , and the excess weight was causing the branches to break . 
 what if one of them fell and hit the house ? 
 what if one of them crushed her while she was sleeping ? 
 abby pictured a tree branch bursting through the ceiling and goring her through the stomach . 
 gross , abby . 
 she 'd always had a vivid imagination , but now she found herself wishing she could turn it off . 
 a gust of wind blew . 
 in the span of a few minutes , it seemed like the storm had worsened . 
 other than the wind , the neighborhood had taken on an eerie quiet , and abby had the sudden fear that she and rob were alone , that all the neighbors had disappeared . 
 she stared into the neighboring windows , expecting to see a pale face peering back at her -- some evidence that someone else was watching -- but all the shades were closed . 
 a lone car sat in the pierces ' driveway across the street . 
 the morgans ' vehicles were presumably in the garage . 
 if either family was at home , no one was awake . 
 all the more reason to make that call . 
 she let go of the shade and scrambled for her cellphone . 
 as she fumbled with the nightstand , she heard her husband groan . 
 it sounded like he 'd turned over . 
 `` rob ? '' 
 she hissed . 
 the quiet was unnerving , and it made her feel as if she should be quiet , too . 
 no answer . 
 the wind churned ; the trees creaked and swayed . 
 she located her cellphone and tapped the button on the side . 
 her fingers were stiff and frozen , and she wiggled them to restore the circulation . 
 she glanced at the phone . 
 as she waited for it to spring to life , she had the sudden premonition that the battery would be dead , that the phone would have no service . 
 the phone lit up without issue . 
 she stared at the screen . 
 12:21 a.m. . 
 it was earlier than she 'd thought . 
 that meant it would be dark for six more hours . 
 by that time , the house would be an igloo . 
 she brought up the internet on the phone and attempted to find the number for the electric company . 
 the webpage was loading , but slowly . 
 `` rob ! '' 
 she hissed again . 
 she set the phone on the nightstand and crawled into bed . 
 then she took hold of rob 's t-shirt and gave him a shake . 
 `` wake up , honey , '' she whispered . 
 `` the power 's out and it 's snowing . '' 
 the shadowed figure rolled onto his back but did n't speak . 
 she waited a few seconds before shaking him again . 
 by the glow of the window , she could make out his eyes . 
 it looked like they were open . 
 `` you awake ? '' 
 rob blinked , but did n't answer . 
 outside , the wind gusted . 
 a shiver ran the length of her body , and she clutched her hands to her chest . 
 why was n't he answering ? 
 was her husband messing with her ? 
 he 'd been known to play pranks before , but she doubted that was the case now . 
 not tonight . 
 not at this hour . 
 `` i 'm serious , rob . 
 wake up . 
 i 'm scared . '' 
 she shook him again . 
 nothing . 
 she reached back and grabbed the phone , then shined it on his face . 
 this time rob 's voice broke through the silence . 
 `` what the heck , abs ! '' 
 he said , his throat cracked and hoarse . 
 abby sighed with relief . 
 in the light of the cellphone , she could make out her husband 's wrinkled brow , his bearded face . 
 he wiped his eyes and stared at her , confused . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 `` just after twelve . 
 the power 's out . '' 
 rob blew on his hands . 
 `` why 's it so cold in here ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` the furnace is down . 
 it 's a freaking blizzard outside . '' 
 she watched as her husband processed the information . 
 normally rob was quick on the uptake , but given that he 'd just woken up , she 'd cut him some slack . 
 after a few seconds , he nodded . 
 `` dammit . 
 and we just went grocery shopping . '' 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` i 'm going to call the power company and report it . '' 
 `` good idea . 
 how long have you been awake ? '' 
 `` just a few minutes . 
 the neighbors are probably still sleeping . 
 i 'm not sure if anyone 's called it in yet . '' 
 `` ok . '' 
 with her husband awake , abby felt her fear subside . 
 she returned her attention to the phone . 
 the internet was still loading , and she tapped the screen to refresh it . 
 rob sat up next to her on the bed . 
 `` i 'm gon na hit the bathroom , '' he said . 
 `` ok . 
 i 'll wait for the number to come up . '' 
 `` do you want to use the home phone ? '' 
 `` no , it 's fine . 
 i 'll call from here . '' 
 `` ok . 
 we 'll go back to sleep afterward . '' 
 yeah , right , she thought . 
 she would n't be able to sleep . 
 not through this . 
 the bedsprings creaked as rob dismounted the other side . 
 she heard the pad of his footsteps on the carpet , then the slap of feet on the hardwood as he reached the hall . 
 the house was a raised ranch , and the only bathroom was upstairs . 
 she listened as he clicked the door closed . 
 although they 'd been married a year , rob still liked his privacy . 
 she shook her head and smiled . 
 she glanced back at the phone . 
 the webpage still had n't loaded , and she was growing impatient . 
 perhaps she 'd use the home phone as rob had suggested , even if it meant walking through the cold house to get it . 
 she could get the number from the directory . 
 she felt a sudden draft from the window , and her bare legs prickled . 
 i should put on long pants . 
 she slid off the bed and made her way to the dresser . 
 the bureau was stationed right next to the window . 
 she used the light from her iphone to illuminate the second drawer , then opened it and picked out a pair of gray sweatpants and a sweatshirt . 
 after changing into them , she sidled back to the window . 
 from the other room , she could hear rob finishing up in the bathroom . 
 it sounded like he was washing his hands . 
 at least the water works . 
 even so , they would n't have hot water for long . 
 not with an electric water heater . 
 she cracked the shade and peered back outside . 
 the snow was coming down furiously . 
 the flakes were as big as any she had ever seen , and abby 's mouth dropped at the sight of them . 
 in the driveway , the couple 's honda civic looked like a cloud with antennas and tires , and the street was paved a lustrous white . 
 abby was about to step away when something caught her attention . 
 across the street , in the pierces ' driveway , something had moved . 
 she went stock-still and squinted into the night . 
 but there was nothing there . 
 was she imagining things ? 
 she wiped her eyes , trying to rid herself of sleep . 
 then she saw it again . 
 something was out there , all right . 
 it looked like an animal , but she could n't be sure . 
 the shape slipped around the back of the pierces ' house and out of sight . 
 she cupped her hand , holding it over her forehead to block the snow 's glare , but the form was gone . 
 she looked over her shoulder . 
 `` rob ? 
 are you almost done ? 
 there 's something outside . '' 
 she turned back to the window . 
 this time she saw the figure in plain sight -- it was a person coming down the pierces ' driveway . 
 the person was wearing a thick , hooded coat and gloves . 
 it looked like john pierce . 
 she watched as john idled toward his nissan suv . 
 so she had n't been imagining things . 
 john was carrying a tote bag , and he opened the door of the car and got inside . 
 the vehicle 's interior lights came on , and she saw another person in the passenger seat . 
 were the pierces leaving ? 
 the vehicle 's headlights flashed ; the engine rumbled . 
 a second later , the rear windshield wipers started to move . 
 the blades struggled against the snow , creating a mini-avalanche that tumbled onto the ground below . 
 the car went into reverse , fishtailing on the slippery driveway , then switched to drive . 
 abby watched the vehicle roll down the road and disappear around the bend . 
 the wind continued to howl . 
 a cold fear seized hold of her chest . 
 we need to leave . 
 the thought hit her with such force that she reeled back from the window . 
 she pulled out her phone and looked at the time . 
 12:43 a.m. . 
 the snow continued to cascade to the ground below , flakes sticking to the glass . 
 every minute they waited would make it more difficult to get out . 
 the couple 's civic could barely drive in the summertime , let alone the winter . 
 she and rob only had one car . 
 they 'd been meaning to buy another one , but they were still getting settled . 
 with the pierces gone , the neighborhood suddenly felt empty and abandoned , as if she and rob were the last survivors on a sinking ship . 
 in a matter of moments they 'd be overtaken by the elements , buried in a sea of white powder , condemned to die and -- stop it , abby . 
 she tried to calm herself , but her thoughts were running rampant . 
 the house felt colder than ever . 
 `` rob ? '' 
 abby had n't heard her husband in several minutes . 
 she dropped the shade and listened , certain he 'd have returned by now . 
 there were no sounds save the occasional creak of the floors . 
 the wind quaked . 
 `` rob , where the hell are you ? '' 
 she tried to compose herself , but her voice was shaking . 
 the house seemed cold and menacing and uninhabitable , and she stared at the ceiling , certain a branch would come crashing through the plaster at any moment . 
 do n't be silly . 
 you 'll be fine . 
 the morgans and the hamiltons are still here , and so is the new neighbor at the end of the street . 
 abby sucked in a slow breath , doing her best to calm herself down . 
 if worse came to worst , she 'd walk to the hamiltons ' . 
 it was possible they had a generator . 
 the power would be restored soon . 
 they were n't going to be stranded in the middle of the storm without help . 
 there were plenty of options . 
 get ahold of yourself , abby . 
 she was overreacting , as usual . 
 her vivid imagination had gotten the best of her . 
 calm down and stop worrying so much . 
 she felt her pulse start to decelerate , and she even cracked a smile . 
 her smiled faded when another car started up outside . 
 chapter two abby watched the morgans ' silver chevy blazer roll down the street , the somber light of the sky glinting off the hubcaps . 
 the driver and passenger were staring straight ahead , two silhouettes forged in shadow . 
 neither of them gave abby 's house a glance . 
 `` rob ? 
 where are you , goddammit ? '' 
 there was no answer from the other room . 
 she moved toward the doorway , hands tucked under her armpits . 
 her lungs felt like ice . 
 if the lights had been on , abby swore she would 've been able to see her breath . 
 when she reached the edge of the bedroom , she heard noises from the other end of the house . 
 `` rob ? '' 
 she choked back a sob . 
 she was scared now , really scared , and if her husband did n't answer her soon -- `` in here ! '' 
 rob called . 
 his voice was still hoarse , as if he was in the process of waking up . 
 either that or he 's freezing to death . 
 she stepped out into the hallway , trading the plush of carpet for the smooth gloss of hardwood . 
 across from the bedroom was a door leading to an office . 
 eventually abby and rob had hoped to use it as a nursery , but they had n't settled on a timeline . 
 there 'd be plenty of time for that later , rob had said . 
 now she was starting to wonder if she 'd die of frostbite first . 
 she continued down the hall , passing the open bathroom door on her left . 
 about ten feet farther on , the house opened up into the living and dining areas . 
 she navigated her way by the light of the cellphone . 
 the windows in the adjacent room were uncovered , and the pale light of the sky glinted through the windows . 
 rob was kneeling by the large bay window in the living room . 
 his nose was pressed to the glass . 
 `` why did n't you answer ? '' 
 abby demanded . 
 `` i was just messing with you . '' 
 rob grinned , and he punched her arm . 
 `` this is some storm , huh ? '' 
 his words were more of a statement than a question . 
 `` you can say that again , '' she said . 
 `` you did n't hear anything on the news today , did you ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 not a thing . 
 i did n't even know it could snow in october . '' 
 rob turned to look at her , his unkempt hair sticking out at odd angles . 
 she 'd told him he needed a haircut , but he 'd insisted on letting it grow . 
 she often teased him about his appearance , but his non-conventional looks were one of the things that had drawn her to him in the first place . 
 rob was a graphic designer , and his artistic nature extended from his trade to his appearance . 
 she walked over and put her hands on his shoulders . 
 `` did you get ahold of the power company ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no . 
 the internet is crawling . 
 i 'm going to use the phone book . '' 
 `` i think we have an old electric bill in the kitchen drawer . 
 it should have the phone number on it . '' 
 `` ok . 
 thanks . '' 
 she started to walk away and then hesitated . 
 `` did you see the pierces and the morgans pulling out ? 
 i think we should leave . '' 
 `` i saw them . 
 they 're a bunch of wussies . 
 we 'll be fine . '' 
 abby shook her head . 
 instead of being comforted , she was worried . 
 the two of them were from georgia , and this was their first winter in new england . 
 she 'd seen plenty of snowstorms , but all of them had been from the safe , warm confines of a vermont ski lodge . 
 none of them had been like this . 
 sensing her unease , her husband waved her back to the window . 
 `` come here , baby , '' he said . 
 she walked over and bent down next to him , letting him pull her in for a kiss . 
 `` we 'll be fine . '' 
 `` i 'm worried , rob . 
 every time i hear something snap i think a tree 's going to fall on top of us . '' 
 `` that 's what we have homeowner 's insurance for , right ? '' 
 `` what if one of them comes through the roof and hits us ? 
 what if a branch falls on the car ? '' 
 `` you need stop worrying so much , '' he said . 
 `` think of it as an adventure . 
 it 'll be romantic . 
 we 'll have the whole street to ourselves . 
 we can cuddle in bed and get warm . '' 
 she forced a smile . 
 `` famous last words . 
 they 'll find our frozen bodies stuck together in the spring when the snow thaws . '' 
 `` would that be so bad ? 
 at least we 'd be together . '' 
 she squeezed him tight and then stood up again . 
 rob reached for her , but she avoided his hands . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 he asked , feigning hurt feelings . 
 `` i have to call the power company . 
 no one else is going to do it . '' 
 she smiled into the darkness . 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 abby stepped away from her husband 's crouched figure and headed into the kitchen . 
 when she reached the counter next to the stove , she slid open the top drawer and sifted through the papers inside using the light of her cellphone . 
 checkbook . 
 mortgage statement . 
 stamp book . 
 she finally found the latest electric bill on the bottom of the pile , and she pulled it out , searching for the number . 
 she located it on the bottom of the statement . 
 `` got it , '' she muttered to no one in particular . 
 she tapped a few buttons on her phone and started dialing . 
 while she waited for the number to connect , she walked over to the sink and peered out onto the deck . 
 the porch , which was normally gray in color , now shone a glossy white . 
 she flicked on one of the nearby light switches , but the backyard remained dark . 
 after a few rings , the phone connected . 
 she followed the automated prompts until she 'd reached the reporting line . 
 `` please enter the phone number for the location in which you are reporting an outage . '' 
 she punched in her home number . 
 `` is the property without power located at 5 jameson street in plainfield ? '' 
 she confirmed that it was . 
 `` the outage in your area has already been reported . 
 at this time , there is no estimated time of restoration . 
 updates will be posted as soon as they are available . '' 
 abby held the phone away from her ear and stared at it in disbelief . 
 after a few seconds , she hit the number again , listening to the message repeat . 
 `` well , that 's just great . '' 
 a few hours ago , she had n't even been aware there was a storm . 
 now they were stuck without heat and power , with no way of knowing when it would return . 
 she held her hands to her face to capture the warmth from her cheeks . 
 the house contained a fireplace , but they had n't gotten it cleaned yet . 
 even if they had , they did n't have any firewood . 
 welcome to new england , abby . 
 `` honey ? '' 
 she called , trying to keep her composure . 
 `` i have bad news . '' 
 she sucked in a cold breath and stuffed the phone back into her pocket , then returned to the living room . 
 rob was still kneeling at the window , staring intently at the storm . 
 she shared the news with him . 
 `` we need to leave . 
 i do n't want to stay here anymore . 
 this house is just going to get colder and colder . '' 
 rob kept his nose pressed to the glass . 
 outside , a gust of wind spattered snow across the pane . 
 after a few seconds , he sighed . 
 `` you know what , abs ? 
 i think you 're right . '' 
 `` where should we go ? '' 
 rob asked . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 a motel ? 
 anything would be better than this icebox . '' 
 rob continued to rifle through the cabinets . 
 after a few more seconds , he held up the flashlight in triumph . 
 there was a click , and then he illuminated abby 's face in a bright white beam . 
 she squinted through the glare . 
 `` really , rob ? '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 rob laughed and lowered the flashlight . 
 `` where do you think everyone else went ? '' 
 `` probably to stay with family . '' 
 her husband lowered his eyes . 
 she could tell he was trying to avoid an argument . 
 it 'd been rob 's idea to move to connecticut . 
 he 'd been offered a job at a design firm , and they 'd chosen to follow his career rather than stay in georgia . 
 although she 'd agreed to move , it was times like this that made her wish they 'd stayed close to relatives . 
 rob pulled out a handful of candles and placed them on the counter next to the stove . 
 `` what are those for ? '' 
 `` backup . '' 
 `` backup for what ? '' 
 `` in case the car wo n't start . '' 
 abby 's face grew pale . 
 `` do n't even joke like that , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm sorry , honey . 
 i 'm sure we 'll be fine . 
 i 'll go fire up the car . 
 why do n't you start packing ? '' 
 rob handed her the flashlight , then kissed her on the forehead . 
 `` relax . 
 everything will work out just fine . '' 
 `` you really think so ? '' 
 `` it 's a winter storm , abby . 
 i 'm sure we 'll get a lot more of them before the end of the season . 
 we 'll survive . 
 we 'll just have to be better prepared next time . '' 
 abby remained doubtful , but she followed her husband through the kitchen anyway . 
 cold or not , at least she was with the man she loved . 
 and that was all that counted , right ? 
 she heaved a sigh , her socks sliding across the hardwood . 
 till death do us part , abby . 
 if they could n't get the car started , maybe death would come sooner than she thought . 
 chapter three abby laid two duffel bags on the bed . 
 using the flashlight , she trekked to the bureau and picked out several sets of thick winter clothing . 
 the cold air nipped at her hands and cheeks . 
 thank god we do n't have any children . 
 if they did , her worries would have been amplified . 
 but she did want them . 
 someday . 
 after packing her things , she made her way over to rob 's bureau . 
 it was difficult to prepare when they did n't know how long they 'd be gone . 
 would it be one day ? 
 two ? 
 she had no idea how long they 'd have to wait for the power to return . 
 in all likelihood , the electric company would n't send out trucks until the storm had subsided , and who knew how long that 'd be . 
 she 'd seen how slippery the roads were when the neighbors left . 
 she doubted the plows were even out yet . 
 she stowed a few of rob 's clothing items and zipped up the bags . 
 they 'd have to make do . 
 she hefted the luggage over her shoulder and made her way to the kitchen . 
 in the pantry were several of her prescriptions -- her lexapro and her xanax . 
 she 'd be a basket case without them . 
 she needed to grab them . 
 while in the kitchen , she paused at the refrigerator . 
 should she grab food and water , as well ? 
 she wrestled with the decision , but thought better of it . 
 with the power out , it 'd be best to leave the refrigerator closed . 
 she did n't want the food to spoil . 
 there 'd be plenty of amenities at the hotel . 
 she finished packing and returned to the living room . 
 the bay window , formerly dim , now cast an eerie glow over the hardwood floor , as if the moon was piercing through the clouds . 
 through the pane , she could make out rob clearing off the vehicle . 
 the fear she 'd felt before suddenly returned , slithering inside her like an animal burrowing for winter . 
 her heart began to race , and she scurried down the hallway and headed for the closet . 
 get your coat and get out of here . 
 the thought filled her with urgency , and she rifled through the closet , shining the light of the flashlight over an assortment of jackets and coats . 
 why was she so afraid ? 
 the cold and the storm were enough to make anyone feel uneasy , but abby felt something deeper than that . 
 ever since waking up , the world had seemed foreign and out of control , and she was hard-pressed to find comfort in anything . 
 it must be the new house . 
 they 'd only lived here for two months . 
 she 'd done her best to settle into her new life , but things were still unfamiliar , and she was still getting adjusted . 
 it did n't help that she had yet to find a job . 
 back in georgia , she 'd been an account executive for a newspaper , but the job market in connecticut had been tougher than she 'd anticipated . 
 she was discouraged , but hopeful that she 'd find something soon . 
 she selected a coat and shut the closet door . 
 inside the pockets were a hat and gloves . 
 she retrieved them and put them on . 
 once she was all suited up , she padded back toward the living room . 
 the duffel bags were still sitting in the middle of the floor -- two lumpy shapes resting on the hardwood . 
 she 'd just picked them up when she heard a yelp from outside . 
 her heart thundered in her chest , and she lost her grip on the flashlight . 
 it clattered to the floor and rolled . 
 she raced to the window . 
 her husband was flat on his back in the snow , next to the car . 
 frantic , she rapped on the glass . 
 `` rob ! 
 are you all right ? '' 
 her voice echoed through the empty house , bouncing off walls and corners . 
 rob moved . 
 he raised a gloved hand and waved at her , then dusted off his snow-covered jacket . 
 he got to his feet and smiled . 
 `` i 'm ok ! '' 
 he yelled into the night . 
 `` i just slipped ! '' 
 his voice rang through the seemingly deserted neighborhood , echoing off the walls of the adjacent properties . 
 she glanced instinctively around the street , waiting for a light to flick on from a nearby window , but the houses remained dark . 
 she watched rob struggle to his feet , one hand on his winter hat , the other on his ice scraper . 
 although he 'd cleaned off almost the entire vehicle , the snow had already deposited a fresh layer over the windows . 
 get out now or you never will , abby 's mind whispered . 
 with that thought , she collected her bags and headed down the stairs . 
 abby held her gloved hands to the heating vents , soaking in the warmth of the car 's engine . 
 although the civic was n't the best in the snow , the heat was incredible . 
 rob leaned in through the open driver 's side door . 
 `` wait here . 
 i 'll go shovel behind us , '' he said . 
 `` then we can get the hell out of here . '' 
 abby nodded , watching her husband shut the door . 
 she stared out the windows , but they were still fogged . 
 she reached over and wiped the inside of the windshield with her glove . 
 then she hit the wipers . 
 the blades slid back and forth , clearing her view of the driveway and the house . 
 she peered at the raised ranch . 
 the house sported gray vinyl siding with blue shutters ; the roof was new . 
 they 'd gotten a good deal on the property , but she knew they 'd made some concessions . 
 it was times like this she wished they had a garage . 
 that would 've made things easier , she thought . 
 she watched as her husband trekked to the back of the house for a shovel . 
 the backyard was surrounded by chain-link fence , and he struggled to push open the gate , fighting against the weight of the snow . 
 when he 'd gotten through , he headed for the shed . 
 the windows around her had started to defrost . 
 her gaze wandered to the neighboring houses . 
 now that she was outside , the street seemed less menacing than it had before . 
 the windows of the adjacent properties were still dark and empty , but the light of the snow and the sky illuminated the buildings , making them seem almost majestic . 
 she glanced at the hamiltons ' next door , but saw no sign of activity . 
 the house at the end of the cul-de-sac was equally deserted , though she saw the new neighbor 's yellow jeep in the driveway . 
 abby blew out a breath and rotated her fingers in front of the heating vents . 
 like hot dogs on an open fire , she thought , letting out a chuckle . 
 it was a comparison rob had made once , and she 'd always remembered it . 
 it was easier to feel better when she was warm , when the weight of the cold and the fear of loneliness were nothing but a memory . 
 abby could n't imagine a life without simple amenities . 
 it was times like these that made her appreciate what she had . 
 when the power came back on , she 'd kiss the radiators . 
 well , maybe i wo n't go that far . 
 she laughed to herself . 
 she glanced back at the pierces ' and the morgans ' . 
 she wondered if they 'd already reached their destinations . 
 she guessed that they had . 
 right now , they were probably asleep , enjoying the warmth of a friend or family member 's couch . 
 she could n't blame them . 
 this storm is for the birds . 
 movement distracted her . 
 when she looked up , she found rob approaching with a shovel . 
 he gave her a healthy grin , snow glancing off the hood of his coat . 
 she smiled and waved , grateful she did n't have to exit the vehicle . 
 although rob could be stubborn , he was always a gentleman . 
 a few seconds later she heard the scrape of the shovel against the pavement , and she reclined in her seat , soaking in the heater 's warmth . 
 she was tired . 
 exhausted . 
 she 'd been up for almost an hour , and by the looks of it , she 'd be up for several more . 
 at least neither of them had to work in the morning . 
 rob had weekends off . 
 with her eyes closed and the heat blasting , abby dozed . 
 she envisioned herself at the beach , clad only in a swimsuit , her toes in the sand . 
 maybe we 'll go on a cruise this year , she thought . 
 she quickly dismissed the idea . 
 yeah right , we 'd need money for that . 
 she opened her eyes just as the door opened . 
 `` ready to go ? '' 
 rob asked . 
 abby grinned . 
 `` yep . 
 let 's blow this joint . '' 
 chapter four the driveway was short and flat . 
 within seconds the civic had rolled out into the road , the tires humming on compacted snow . 
 rob had shoveled a few feet behind the vehicle , allowing them to get out . 
 after exiting the driveway , rob switched the car into drive . 
 `` ready for that warm hotel ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you bet . '' 
 her husband gave her a smile , and abby felt a tinge of excitement in her stomach . 
 it was a feeling she had n't had in years ; the feeling that she was about to embark on an uncertain journey , but one that would bring them closer together . 
 despite the odds , they 'd make it to the hotel . 
 they 'd rise up against the storm , battle the elements , and live to tell about it . 
 it 'd be a good story for their kids one day . 
 abby laughed inside . 
 she buckled her seatbelt and waited for the civic to propel them out of the snow-covered neighborhood and to safety . 
 only it did n't . 
 instead , the vehicle glided forward a few inches and then stopped , stuck in what must be six inches of snow . 
 rob revved the engine , but the tires were lodged in place . 
 `` you 've got to be kidding me , '' he said . 
 abby glanced out the window , her hopes dashed . 
 seconds earlier , she 'd been enjoying the warm heat , confident they 'd escape the neighborhood that had become their prison . 
 now they were trapped just ten feet from the driveway . 
 it was as if nature had carefully orchestrated this scenario , watching it play out with prescient glee . 
 abby looked back at the house , half-expecting to see a face laughing at them from the shadows , but the panes were dark . 
 rob switched the vehicle into reverse , a look of determination on his face . 
 the vehicle inched backward and stopped . 
 he threw it back into drive and stomped the accelerator again . 
 the vehicle flew forward , running up the snow like a ramp , then slid hopelessly back into the grooves . 
 they were completely stuck . 
 `` what are we going to do ? '' 
 abby asked . 
 rob sighed . 
 `` take the wheel . 
 i 'll push . '' 
 she looked over at her husband , then back at the snow outside . 
 `` i do n't know , rob . 
 what if we get out of the neighborhood and then we get stuck again ? '' 
 she studied at the road in front of them . 
 the street perpendicular to theirs -- the one they 'd have to take to town -- was heavily wooded ; the closest neighborhood was almost a mile away . 
 `` we wo n't , honey . 
 we 'll get out of here . 
 no matter what . '' 
 abby could see the look of resolve in her husband 's eyes . 
 according to the civic 's dashboard , the temperature was eighteen degrees . 
 was she imagining it , or was it getting colder ? 
 even with the heat blaring , she could feel the chill creeping in through the heating vents . 
 she contemplated arguing with her husband , but decided to hold her tongue . 
 `` make sure you wear your gloves , honey , '' she instructed . 
 `` i would n't want you to get frostbite . '' 
 she tried to remain positive , but in reality , abby was more worried than she let on . 
 if they could n't get out of here -- to someplace warm -- they might be in real danger . 
 she pushed open the door , ready to walk around and take the driver 's seat . 
 she 'd just jumped out when an arctic blast blew from outside . 
 abby battled with the door , fighting to keep it open . 
 dammit . 
 she could n't remember the last time she 'd been this cold . 
 once the wind died down , she stepped outside and made her way around to the driver 's seat . 
 the snow was well past her ankles ; her boots felt like concrete . 
 if she could n't walk comfortably , how could they drive ? 
 she listened for the sounds of a plow but heard nothing . 
 did n't the state have a budget for these things ? 
 where the hell were the trucks ? 
 she heaved a sigh and took rob 's former position in the driver 's chair . 
 her husband walked to the rear of the vehicle , his breath visible in the night air . 
 she left the door open a crack and waited for his instructions . 
 `` when i say ` go , ' hit the gas , '' he yelled . 
 `` ok . '' 
 she heard the slap of his hands on the trunk , and a moment later , he gave the signal . 
 abby hit the accelerator , doing a silent prayer that the car would move , that they 'd escape the trench they 'd found themselves in . 
 at the same time , she knew it would n't do any good . 
 they were hopelessly rooted in place . 
 even if they made it to the end of the street , they were bound to get stuck on one of the secondary roads . 
 she was pretty sure the streets were impassable . 
 she had n't heard any cars since her neighbors had left . 
 and yet both the pierces and the morgans were safely away . 
 why did n't we leave sooner ? 
 she glanced back at her husband in the ice and snow , watching him grunt and groan , and felt a tinge of resentment . 
 she 'd suggested they leave from the beginning . 
 if only rob had listened ... cut it out , abby . 
 it 's not his fault . 
 she tried to convert her frustration into blame , but only managed a sigh . 
 rob had n't caused the snowstorm . 
 she knew that . 
 the truth was , if they 'd left earlier , they might 've gotten stuck just the same . 
 both the pierces and the morgans had suvs , and both vehicles were better equipped for the snow than the couple 's civic . 
 the whole situation was just bad luck . 
 bad luck and bad weather . 
 the tires continued to spin . 
 she peered back at her husband , hit with a wave of guilt . 
 he brushed off the snow on his hat . 
 `` the car 's not moving , '' rob said , his mouth trembling with the cold . 
 `` i know . 
 it 's ok . '' 
 abby gave him a sympathetic glance . 
 beads of ice clung to the lining of his hood , and his face was flushed . 
 `` what are we gon na do , abs ? '' 
 `` maybe we can try shoveling around the tires ? '' 
 rob paused for a moment , scanning the snow-covered road . 
 she could tell he was thinking , but the situation was grim , at best . 
 `` do we have any sand ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` nope . 
 it 's still so early in the season ... i know we talked about getting some ... '' `` dammit . 
 we should 've gone to the hardware store ... '' rob 's voice trailed off . 
 he brushed his beard with the back of his glove and stared at the sky . 
 in their four years together , she 'd rarely seen him defeated . 
 `` i 'm sorry , abs , '' he said . 
 `` i wanted to get us out of here . '' 
 `` listen , honey , it 's ok . 
 we 'll be fine . 
 we 'll go back inside and bundle up until the power comes back on . 
 i have a spare comforter in the attic . '' 
 he nodded , looking less than convinced . 
 `` at least we got stuck here and not somewhere down the street . 
 can you imagine that ? 
 can you picture walking home in this ? '' 
 as if on cue , the wind kicked up a stream of snow , knocking a layer of powder from the houses and power lines . 
 rob covered his face with his hands . 
 `` let 's get inside before we freeze to death , '' she yelled . 
 `` what about the car ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` leave it for now . 
 if anyone else is home , they wo n't be getting out anyway . 
 in any case , it does n't look like the plows will be coming for a while . '' 
 abby reached back inside the car , pulled the key from the ignition , and cut the engine . 
 rob came up alongside her , offering his arm . 
 she was about to shut the door when something in the road caught her attention . 
 abby froze . 
 `` rob ! '' 
 she hissed . 
 she motioned in front of them . 
 standing at the end of the street , motionless , was a man covered in ice and snow . 
 rob followed abby 's gaze . 
 `` who the hell 's that ? '' 
 abby 's heart beat like a trip-hammer . 
 the man stared at them . 
 his arms hung at his sides , and his thick winter coat was covered in a layer of white . 
 if abby had n't known better , she would 've mistaken him for a statue , a figure sculpted in snow . 
 `` i do n't know , '' abby whispered . 
 `` is that our new neighbor ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 i 've only seen him a few times . '' 
 abby remembered the large , cream-colored moving truck that had accompanied the man 's arrival , but she 'd barely seen the man himself . 
 she 'd been meaning to walk down and introduce herself , but she 'd been too busy lately . 
 with the holidays coming , her search for work ... `` what do you think he wants ? '' 
 rob asked . 
 `` maybe he wants to check if we have power . '' 
 `` why ? 
 is n't that obvious by now ? '' 
 `` all the other cars are gone . 
 we 're the only ones home , except for the hamiltons . '' 
 `` i thought they left already , too . '' 
 `` if they did , i did n't see them . '' 
 abby gave the man a hesitant wave , but he did n't return the gesture . 
 she felt a cold pit in her stomach , but this time it had nothing to do with the temperature . 
 `` should i go talk to him ? '' 
 rob asked . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 he 's acting weird . '' 
 `` maybe he has frostbite . '' 
 `` i do n't know , rob . 
 he 's staring right at us . 
 why wo n't he wave ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . '' 
 rob wrung his hands together , his cheeks red from the cold . 
 his face transformed from an expression of defeat to concern . 
 `` hello ! '' 
 he called out to the man . 
 in the distance , the man just stared , his face indiscernible beneath the hood of his coat . 
 rob shrugged . 
 `` maybe he 's just as cold as we are . '' 
 `` we should go inside , rob . '' 
 `` i 'll tell you what . 
 why do n't you go inside and dig out that comforter . 
 i 'll go talk to him . '' 
 `` i do n't think that 's a good idea . '' 
 `` he 's in the same predicament as us . 
 maybe he has some information about the power . '' 
 abby clung to her husband 's arm , hoping to dissuade him , but she could tell by the look in his eye that he 'd made up his mind . 
 though he might 've failed at getting the car unstuck , he was insistent on doing this . 
 she swallowed , the lump in her throat as cold as ice . 
 `` i 'm not leaving you out here , rob . 
 i 'll wait . '' 
 `` abs ... '' rob sighed . 
 `` at least stay in the car where it 's warm . '' 
 `` ok , '' she conceded . 
 she ducked back into the vehicle , the cold fabric of her coat creasing against her skin . 
 once in the driver 's seat , she shut the door , but she did n't bother restarting the engine . 
 she watched her husband through the front windshield . 
 he was already ten feet from the car , plodding his way to the end of the road . 
 the neighbor remained in place , like a specter that had escaped from her dreams . 
 why is n't he moving ? 
 the fact that he 'd made no effort to greet them was disconcerting . 
 either the man was sick or cold , or just plain weird . 
 in any case , she did n't feel right letting her husband walk over to him . 
 as she watched rob trudge farther from the car , she wished she 'd made a better effort to stop him . 
 everything will be fine . 
 she tried to convince herself of that fact , even though her hands were shaking . 
 without thinking , she reached over and locked the doors . 
 her mother and father always said she was her own worst enemy , letting situations fester until they became worse than they were . 
 now she could see what they meant . 
 she was letting her imagination get the best of her . 
 again . 
 reel it in , abby , her father used to say . 
 with the car turned off , condensation had crept over the windows once again , and she wiped at the glass with a gloved hand . 
 it looked like her husband had reached the man . 
 rob was waving his hands around , expressing his frustration at being stuck . 
 she saw him pointing to the car . 
 see , they 're talking . 
 everything 's fine . 
 i should probably go out and join them . 
 she moved her hand to the door handle , but could n't convince herself to open it . 
 within seconds , the front windshield was completely fogged and covered . 
 she sighed . 
 she 'd wait for her husband to get back , and when he returned , they 'd go back to the house together . 
 with the heat off , the car had cooled considerably , and she found herself rubbing her gloved hands together to keep warm . 
 she patted the car keys in her pocket . 
 come on , rob . 
 if her husband did n't hurry , she 'd start the car again . 
 several minutes passed . 
 abby closed her eyes and reopened them . 
 regardless of the temperature , she felt herself falling asleep . 
 she 'd only slept a few hours , and she was exhausted . 
 it 'd be good to slip back under the covers , that was for sure . 
 her husband would keep her warm . 
 abby 's anxiety began to dissipate , and in its place was the sense of adventure . 
 who needed a hotel , anyway ? 
 they 'd have just as much fun at home . 
 they 'd make this work . 
 even if they had to use every blanket in the house to keep warm , they 'd manage . 
 as long as they kept their spirits up , they 'd get through the storm , with or without power . 
 she smiled at the thought . 
 it 'd been several minutes , and she was getting cold again . 
 rob still was n't back . 
 she reached into her sweatpants for the car keys , intent on starting the engine . 
 she 'd just closed her fist around them when something crashed against the windshield . 
 the glass spider-webbed under the weight of a body , and a figure slid down the pane . 
 abby screamed . 
 chapter five abby watched the person slide down the window , then heard the sound of a body hitting the snow . 
 `` rob ? '' 
 she whimpered . 
 rivulets of blood and snow trickled down the glass , obscuring her view . 
 oh my god . 
 she opened her mouth to scream again , but panic stifled the sound . 
 rob ! 
 ohmygodohmygod ... she reached for the door handle and then stopped . 
 she could n't go out there . 
 the neighbor was probably waiting for her . 
 the man knew she was in the car . 
 she 'd known he was dangerous ; she 'd known something was n't right . 
 she slid down in her seat , doing her best to hide . 
 the body had cleared some of the snow off the windshield , and she had a partial view of the road through the cracked glass . 
 her heart thumped . 
 there was no one else in the road . 
 she sat frozen in the seat for several seconds , afraid to speak , afraid to move . 
 she tried to convince herself that nothing she 'd seen was real , that the body was a figment of her imagination . 
 soon she 'd wake up in the driver 's seat of the car , cursing herself for falling asleep . 
 there was no way this could be happening . 
 not to her . 
 not to rob . 
 the wind raged , kicking up a cloud of snow and obscuring her view . 
 she squinted to see through it , envisioning her husband 's body on the street . 
 he was injured . 
 she needed to get out and help him . 
 abby swiveled around the car , searching for anything she could use as a weapon . 
 the car was barren . 
 the only things in sight were a pile of soda cans and some paperwork . 
 she reached under the seats , hoping to find something -- anything -- but her hands came up empty . 
 she patted her pockets until she came across something solid . 
 her cellphone . 
 that was it . 
 she 'd call the police and get help . 
 hurry ! 
 dial ! 
 her mind raced as she pulled it out , tore off her gloves , and swiped the screen . 
 she pulled up the keypad , fingers shaking , and tapped out the numbers 9-1-1 . 
 she hit the connect button and waited . 
 nothing happened . 
 was the battery dead ? 
 frantic , she stared at the screen , trying to determine what was wrong . 
 the phone blinked at her , as if the device were confused . 
 it took abby a second to process what was happening . 
 the battery was fine . 
 the service was out . 
 just an hour earlier she 'd had several bars , but now there were none . 
 whether it was related to the storm or not , she was n't sure , but the phone could n't help her right now . 
 there was no sign of her husband . 
 was he lying in the snow , bleeding to death ? 
 would he die without her ? 
 abby was n't trained in any medical procedures . 
 she 'd seen cpr done on tv , but that was it . 
 still , she had to do something . 
 she had to help him . 
 where was the man who did this ? 
 snow had blanketed the windows again , obscuring her surroundings . 
 her neighbor could be anywhere . 
 waiting . 
 although it was possible the man had left her husband for dead , there was a chance he was still in the area . 
 he 'd seen abby . 
 he 'd seen them both . 
 he knew she was in here , for god 's sake . 
 i even waved to him . 
 the thought chilled her bones . 
 she thought of the way the man had stared at her , the way he 'd refused to return her gesture . 
 she 'd known something was off about him . 
 she should n't have sent rob out there alone . 
 oh god , what have i done ? 
 but it was too late . 
 she threw on her gloves and reached for the door handle . 
 hurry ! 
 rob 's bleeding and he 's dying and he 's on the ground . 
 you need to get to him before that man does . 
 resisting every instinct in her body , she hit the unlock button . 
 the doors clicked . 
 for a brief , terror-filled second , she was certain the man who had attacked her husband would fling open the doors and pull her from inside , but no one did . 
 the man 's gone . 
 he 's probably running right now , thinking i 've called the police . 
 she tried to convince herself of the idea as she pushed open the door . 
 the hinges creaked as the door swung open . 
 the snow whipped all around her . 
 abby threw herself into the storm . 
 the chill bit into her bones , finding its way through the crevices of her jacket . 
 she scanned the street , but saw nothing . 
 rob was n't in front of the car . 
 that meant he 'd fallen on the passenger side . 
 she took a tentative step . 
 then another . 
 the wind heaved , and she held up her hands to shield her eyes . 
 `` rob ? '' 
 she called out , her voice cracking . 
 she glanced around frantically , but there was no one else in sight . 
 she trudged forward , making slow progress against the wind . 
 she cleared the tire . 
 then the front quarter panel . 
 then the hood . 
 a few more steps and she 'd see the passenger side of the vehicle . 
 keep going . 
 a puff of snow blew from the roof of the car , temporarily blinding her . 
 she battled the whipping white flakes with her sleeves . 
 when her vision finally cleared , she crept to the front of the car , then leaned forward past the hood . 
 rob 's body was gone . 
 all that remained was a puddle of his blood in the snow . 
 abby spun in a circle , hoping to discern her husband 's whereabouts . 
 she saw several tracks in the snow , but most of them were caved and filled in , and it was impossible to tell which direction they were going . 
 some were going up the pierces ' driveway ; some were going up the street . 
 to make matters worse , there were also the tracks they 'd made around the vehicle . 
 the snow was coming down harder than ever , obscuring her vision . 
 it was as if the storm had taken her husband and was intent on covering its tracks behind it . 
 but rob had landed here . 
 she knew it . 
 she was n't crazy . 
 the proof was in the snow -- bright splashes of blood that colored the white powder red . 
 she looked back at the windshield and traced the cracked pane with her eyes . 
 rob was out here , and he needed help . 
 she needed to call the police . 
 she needed to get to the landline . 
 abby ran for the house . 
 her throat felt tight , as if someone was restricting her windpipe , and she struggled to breathe . 
 though she was terrified , she knew she needed to focus . 
 in order to help rob -- to save him -- she 'd need to pull it together . 
 every second he was missing could mean the difference between life and death . 
 the neighbor was out there somewhere , and so was her husband . 
 rob 's probably dead right now . 
 stop it . 
 do n't think that way . 
 the snow slid into her boots , creeping around her socks and skin , and the wind whipped at her cheeks . 
 she ran faster , certain that hands would appear and grab her , but she continued unimpeded . 
 she was almost at the front door when she heard a muffled cry from behind her . 
 abby spun , her eyes darting to the pierces ' driveway . 
 the sound was coming from their backyard . 
 `` rob ! '' 
 she screamed . 
 no answer . 
 she turned back to her house . 
 she needed to call the police . 
 but what if rob died before they arrived ? 
 what if she could help her husband now ? 
 dammit ... what do i do ... ? 
 the cry rang out again , fainter this time . 
 swallowing her fear , she changed direction and raced for the pierces ' property . 
 she was n't sure what she could do , but she had to do something . 
 she could n't let her husband die . 
 her heart beat in a frantic rhythm . 
 she tried calling for rob again , but her voice was weak and winded , and she could barely produce a sound . 
 she charged up the pierces ' driveway . 
 she could see more evidence of rob 's whereabouts now -- intermittent splotches of his blood in the snow heading toward the backyard . 
 in her panic , she must 've missed them . 
 there were footprints , as well , but it was impossible to tell whose or how many . 
 she followed the tracks , her boots twisting sideways on the snow-covered ground , surveying the area with frantic eyes . 
 soon she 'd reached the edge of the house . 
 still no rob . 
 if she did n't find him soon , she 'd head back to her house and call the police . 
 but she had to check . 
 she had to see where the noise had originated . 
 she could n't leave him out here to die . 
 the backyard slowly revealed itself to her . 
 as she reached the end of the driveway , she saw the tree line , the pierces ' snow-covered shed , and then the deck . 
 then she saw the body in the middle of the yard . 
 rob 's clothing was gone -- torn off and missing . 
 his chest cavity was open and exposed , his ribs jutting out from the center . 
 his face was caved in . 
 destroyed . 
 she could n't even make out where his beard ended and his neck began ... my husband ... she clasped her hand over her mouth , her eyes roaming to the thing above him . 
 something was crouched over him , feasting on his remains . 
 part two -- the chase chapter six abby did n't even realize she was running until she was halfway across the snow-covered street . 
 the snow hit her face like pellets , cutting into her cold skin , and her eyes watered from the sting . 
 something was behind her , and whatever it was was n't human . 
 she 'd barely gotten a glimpse of it before her legs had started moving . 
 and yet the sight of it was already imprinted on her brain . 
 the animal -- thing -- was the size of a man , but its body was covered in coarse dark hair . 
 when it 'd caught sight of her , it 'd sniffed the air , eyes blazing , then loped toward her on two legs . 
 that 's when she 'd run . 
 and now she could feel it behind her as she closed the gap between her and the front door . 
 she kept her eyes glued to the doorway , as if the blue-painted door were a portal to safety . 
 she could hear the thing snorting behind her , breathing through a nose too long to be human , and her heart felt like it was going to burst . 
 what the fuck was it ? 
 what the hell was going on ? 
 there was no time to sort through her feelings , no time to reconcile what she 'd seen . 
 whatever it was , something was behind her , and she knew that stopping would mean death . 
 the thing was ready to tear into her , to rend her limb from limb , just like it 'd done to rob minutes earlier . 
 rob is dead oh my god ... she dashed up the single stair leading to the front door , her boots sliding on a conglomeration of ice and snow , and crashed against the frame . 
 the key . 
 she needed the key . 
 her hands fumbled in the pocket of her sweatpants , where she 'd stashed her keychain . 
 something snarled behind her . 
 hurry ! 
 dammit ! 
 hurry ! 
 she had no idea why it had n't reached her yet , but she knew better than to look . 
 a second 's delay would mean the end . 
 suddenly the key was in her hand and she was sliding it into the cold metal lock , her gloved hands barely able to coordinate with each other . 
 she bashed her thumb against the knob and pushed . 
 the door gave way , and abby tumbled inside . 
 she spun , and as she slammed the door shut , she caught one last glimpse of the thing behind her . 
 eyes red . 
 snout pointed skyward . 
 waiting for her . 
 she engaged the lock and sank to her knees against the door . 
 sobs burst from her mouth like water from a broken dam . 
 she pressed her hands against her face , unable to hold back the sound . 
 her husband was outside . 
 dead . 
 and she was next . 
 even though abby had gotten inside , the thin door had only bought her a measure of time . 
 she had no doubts that the thing would be coming for her . 
 she needed to pull herself together . 
 she needed to call for help . 
 she wiped the tears from her cheeks , her eyes still bleary . 
 the house was dark and cold . 
 she pulled herself to her feet . 
 her coat rustled against the single windowpane in the front door , and she jumped at the sound . 
 was the thing still out there ? 
 she swallowed the lump in her throat , wanting nothing more than to climb the stairs in front of her . 
 but she had to look . 
 she had to . 
 abby could feel the blood pulsing through her neck . 
 she turned , propping her gloved hands against the door . 
 her fingers felt numb and detached , and so did her brain . 
 she peered through the pane and held her breath . 
 the yard was empty . 
 she could still see the civic in the road . 
 the hood and roof were spackled white , the windows misted . 
 rob 's blood still stained the snow . 
 bile crept up abby 's esophagus . 
 it was her fault . 
 she 'd done this . 
 she 'd let her husband go off alone . 
 she sank to her knees , fighting off alternating waves of guilt and sickness . 
 her legs felt like rubber , and she could n't fathom moving . 
 but she had to . 
 or she 'd be next . 
 she needed to call for help . 
 the landline . 
 abby turned and mounted the stairs , her legs unsteady . 
 when she reached the kitchen , she snatched the receiver from the wall and jabbed the power button . 
 but there was no dial tone . 
 she mashed all the buttons , plugged and unplugged the cord . 
 it was no use . 
 the line was dead . 
 probably disabled by the storm . 
 no . 
 dammit . 
 no . 
 frantic , she patted the pocket of her sweatpants , searching for her cellphone , but it was n't there . 
 it must have fallen out . 
 probably while i was running . 
 rob would 've had his cellphone on him . 
 it was as if every option available to her had been eliminated . 
 the only way to get help was to go back out there , where the thing was waiting for her . 
 she crept over to the living room window , heart knocking . 
 through the windowpane , she could see the snow still bursting from the sky , as if intent on burying her inside . 
 she had the sudden vision of the house encased in snow with the windows pasted shut , and she swallowed . 
 she scanned the front of the house for the creature 's tracks -- some evidence that it had been there -- but could n't discern much through the storm . 
 rob 's blood already held a thin coating of snow . 
 if it were n't for the pink splotches , she might be able to convince herself that all of this was a nightmare , a hallucination . 
 she 'd give anything for this all to go away , for her to wake up and discover it 'd been a dream . 
 but she knew it was n't . 
 she scrambled across the room and back to the kitchen , her mind racing . 
 as she did so , she felt the sudden urge to keep quiet . 
 even though the thing knew she was inside , she had the sudden , irrational sense that she could escape detection . 
 if she stayed silent , it would go away . 
 right ? 
 she crept along the counter . 
 something flashed by the kitchen window , and she ducked next to the sink . 
 she squinted into the backyard . 
 the deck and property were exactly as she remembered them -- covered in snow . 
 no sign of the creature . 
 but it was out there . 
 probably circling the house . 
 she slid open one of the kitchen drawers . 
 no matter what happened next , she needed a weapon . 
 a way to defend herself . 
 her hands shook as she dug through the utensils : a whisk , a wooden spoon , and the beaters for a mixer . 
 finally she located a large kitchen knife , and she pulled it out and wielded it in front of her . 
 the pale light of the windows glinted off the blade , and she fought the sick feeling in her gut . 
 abby had never killed anything before . 
 she was a goddamn vegetarian , for christ 's sake . 
 but the thing outside was n't . 
 whatever it was , she knew that much . 
 it 'd already devoured rob , and she was next . 
 her body shimmered with fear . 
 just minutes ago , she 'd been in the house with her husband , making plans to go to the hotel . 
 they were going to get warm and get some sleep , and they were going to forget all about this snowstorm . 
 how could this have happened so fast ? 
 how could the world have spiraled out of control in just a few hours ? 
 she closed the kitchen drawer . 
 she was about to peer out the window again when a crash emanated from downstairs . 
 abby went stock-still . 
 her hands shook on the knife . 
 she heard the sprinkle of glass on cement , then the sound of feet hitting the floor . 
 ohmygod ... it 's in here . 
 it 's coming for me . 
 she lunged for the back door , but quickly stopped herself . 
 the creature had entered through one of the back windows ; if she went out that way , she 'd be in close proximity to it . 
 instead , she padded into the living room , scanning for places to hide . 
 her mind flitted from one room to the next , picturing the places she could go : the closet , the bathroom , the attic ... where should i go ? 
 downstairs , a piece of furniture clattered against the wall . 
 her heart leapt like a springboard . 
 she could n't stay here . 
 it was n't safe . 
 she needed to get out of the house . 
 her cellphone was somewhere outside . 
 go , abby , go . 
 she crossed back into the living room , grabbing one last peek out the front window . 
 the scene was unchanged . 
 she leapt down the stairs , balancing the need to be quiet with the need to move . 
 when she reached the landing , she twisted the door lock . 
 she could hear the beast breathing downstairs below her , moving through the basement . 
 the path to the pierces ' backyard was straight -- about a few hundred feet or so . 
 if she could avoid being seen , she could reach her cellphone in under a minute . 
 all she had to do was find it . 
 heart crashing against her ribcage , she snapped open the lock and flung open the door . 
 cold air rushed in to greet her . 
 she clutched the knife , then ran out into it . 
 chapter seven abby ran until her breath heaved , her lungs burned , and her legs were sore . 
 the snow crunched beneath her boots . 
 even though she 'd traveled the yard just minutes ago , it seemed to stretch on forever , as if she were trekking across some great plain , passing from one existence to the next . 
 that was the way she 'd felt all night . 
 nothing seemed real , and yet she was horribly certain that it was . 
 the neighborhood was silent and calm , but she could hear the sounds of the creature behind her , making its way through the basement . 
 she had n't shut the door . 
 had n't had time . 
 her eyes flew across the neighborhood , praying someone else would appear , but the landscape was desolate and white . 
 it was as if the entire world was gone and buried , and abby was the last person alive . 
 for all she knew , she might be . 
 the morgans and the pierces were gone . 
 she knew that much . 
 there was no sign of the hamiltons . 
 the only other person she 'd seen was the man at the end of the road , and she assumed he was dead or eaten . 
 unless he was the creature behind her . 
 it seemed impossible . 
 but given the world she 'd been thrust into , she had no choice but to consider it . 
 but not right now . 
 she had to focus on getting to that cellphone . 
 even if she had no service , she might be able to find bars somewhere . 
 her eyes flew back to the pierces ' driveway . 
 she bounded forward , her boots grappling with the snow beneath her , and scanned the ground for her phone as she ran . 
 there was no sign of it . 
 she kept her head down as she passed the civic , immersed in her mission , terrified to look behind her . 
 below her were the tracks she 'd made on the way in , as well as tracks from the beast -- she could see them now , and the prints were larger than those of any animal she 'd seen . 
 both sets of prints were coated with a fresh layer of snow . 
 soon she 'd reached the backyard . 
 she rounded the house , following her path , and came upon pieces of rob . 
 she immediately gagged . 
 abby fell to her knees and retched into the snow . 
 she continued until her stomach was empty and her throat burned . 
 when she was finished , she wiped her face with her glove . 
 ohgodohgod ... . 
 a crash sprang from somewhere behind her . 
 she scrounged through the snow , making arm-shaped impressions across the pavement , searching frantically for her phone . 
 the snow parted with ease . 
 the same way rob 's body parted for the creature . 
 but she could n't think about that . 
 not now . 
 she kept her focus on the ground , ignoring the grisly scene in front of her . 
 if she did n't find help , abby was as good as dead . 
 all at once , the noises behind her stopped . 
 she shot a harried glance back down the driveway . 
 the area was vacant . 
 no sign of the creature . 
 where the hell was it ? 
 was it fucking with her ? 
 the moment she let her guard down , it 'd be on her . 
 she could feel it . 
 she had to keep moving . 
 if she could n't call for help , she 'd run to find it . 
 she 'd try the hamiltons ' house , the other neighbor 's . 
 somewhere . 
 anywhere . 
 she was about to flee when her hands came across something solid . 
 she dug the frozen carcass of her phone from the snow , then held it up and swiped at the screen . 
 her gloves were in the way . 
 frantic , she ripped them off , dropped the knife in the snow . 
 her fingers flew over the screen , but the device would n't register . 
 the screen stayed dark and cold . 
 the cellphone had either frozen or gotten wet . 
 in any case , it was dead . 
 the hamiltons . 
 she 'd get to the hamiltons . 
 there was still a chance they might be home . 
 she had n't seen them leave . 
 maybe they 'd heard the commotion and remained inside . 
 maybe they 'd called the cops . 
 she retrieved the knife and got to her feet , then started to run . 
 despite the cold , she was sweating , and her skin felt clammy and hot underneath her coat . 
 when she got back to the road , she stared at the open door of her house , certain something would come barreling out after her , but nothing did . 
 where the hell was the thing ? 
 it must be biding its time . 
 tracking her . 
 stalking her like an animal in the wild . 
 but what the hell could it be ? 
 it 'd been on two legs , for god 's sake . 
 what the hell was it ? 
 abby fought for breath , refusing to slow her pace . 
 her body was torqued on adrenaline , fueled by fear and shock , and she flew through the snow with speed she did n't know she had . 
 the hamiltons ' property was lined with tall , wiry hedges , and their house was set back from the road . 
 the driveway was fifty feet farther down the street . 
 she forged through the brambles until she reached the yard . 
 the garage door was closed . 
 no way to tell if a car was inside . 
 she prayed that they were home . 
 maybe they were hunkered by the window , watching her approach . 
 she pictured the tall , sinewy frame of leon hamilton , perhaps with a cellphone in his hand , and felt a surge of hope . 
 both leon and his wife adeline were retired . 
 she 'd had only a handful of conversations with them , but they seemed like nice people . 
 no matter what the hour , they would n't turn her away . 
 the front door was shut and the windows were dark . 
 if there was anyone behind the glass , they remained hidden . 
 she reached the doorstep without incident and mashed the doorbell . 
 the chime rang through the house -- a dissonant tone , as if the batteries needed replacing . 
 there was no answer from within . 
 a few seconds later , she resorted to her fists . 
 the sound of her knocking filled the air , bouncing off the neighboring houses . 
 she pressed her ear against the door , hoping to hear voices , but the building was silent . 
 come on ... a sob crept into her throat . 
 she jiggled the doorknob , hoping to find it unlocked , but the lock was snug . 
 dammit , dammit , dammit ... her attention flew to the house at the end of the cul-de-sac . 
 the yellow jeep sat in the driveway . 
 could she take it ? 
 could she find the keys ? 
 she fled the hamiltons ' doorstep and headed toward it . 
 the snow was well past her ankles , like superglue trying to hold her back . 
 a minute later she was in the street . 
 the new neighbor 's house was still several hundred yards away . 
 she continued on , the ice and snow wriggling their way into her boots . 
 what had rob 's last moments been like ? 
 had he already been dead when he hit the windshield ? 
 had he felt himself being torn apart ? 
 stop . 
 do n't think about it . 
 do n't think about -- a tree branch plummeted to the ground in front of her , and abby cried out . 
 she veered around the fallen limb as she progressed from road to driveway . 
 a few more branches cracked from somewhere above her . 
 if the creature did n't get her , the storm would . 
 she was almost at the jeep . 
 maybe it was open . 
 maybe the man had left the keys inside . 
 maybe , maybe , maybe ... she prayed for a miracle . 
 soon she 'd reached the vehicle , and she searched for the door handle , casting aside snow to find it . 
 the door was locked . 
 she tugged several times , but to no avail . 
 she tried each of the other doors in turn , but encountered the same result . 
 the jeep was secure . 
 no way inside . 
 she backed up a step , her heart racing so fast that she could barely think . 
 the house . 
 try the house . 
 she looked up at the silent building , expecting to find a light on , but the structure was dark . 
 she made her way past the jeep and toward it . 
 she 'd only gotten a few feet when she stopped . 
 something was gliding through the trees on the left side of the property . 
 she saw a black object against a white backdrop , then caught a glimpse of eyes and teeth . 
 the thing had found her . 
 abby turned on her heel and ran . 
 chapter eight the beast watched her through the trees . 
 it could smell her scent from several hundred yards away -- the odor of fear and sweat , cutting through the air like the sharp edge of the knife she was holding . 
 it did n't care about knives . 
 there were a lot of things it did n't care about . 
 it did n't have to . 
 it could heal from most of them . 
 ever since the start of the storm , the neighborhood had become the beast 's playground , its hunting quarters , and it would do whatever it pleased . 
 the snow was little more than a prop in its game , a backdrop for the kill . 
 it had waited for this moment for what seemed like forever , and now that it was here , the beast could barely contain itself . 
 but it would . 
 for the moment . 
 the beast was getting better at controlling its rage . 
 it had lived with it for so long that it 'd been forced to . 
 the man inside had learned to keep the beast 's secret , knowing that exposing itself would lead to persecution . 
 but soon all restraint would come to an end . 
 the beast waded through the snow , the steam of its breath moistening its teeth . 
 it could still taste bits of flesh on its tongue , remnants of the man it had killed . 
 it would go back for the rest of him when it was finished with the girl . 
 but right now the girl was more important . 
 it had plans for her . 
 it watched her stagger through the trees , retreating the way she had come . 
 the beast kept its distance , letting her get ahead . 
 letting her think she was safe . 
 pellets of snow pummeled its fur , but the beast kept moving . 
 its tail sliced the air behind it . 
 all around the forest , it could hear the padding of paws , the sound of creatures burrowing into holes . 
 the beast was the largest and the strongest , and they all knew it . 
 none of them would contest its presence . 
 the world has opened itself up to the beast , and it planned to take full advantage . 
 the storm had come at last . 
 it bared its teeth , letting the hunger build . 
 chapter nine abby was n't positive if the creature had seen her . 
 was n't sure if she 'd been spotted . 
 but she knew she had to get away . 
 even if she had to run forever , she 'd keep going until she found help . 
 between the new neighbor 's house and the hamiltons ' was a wall of trees and brush . 
 she dove through it , grateful for the cover . 
 the thing would find her easily on the road . 
 her best bet was to stay hidden . 
 she had n't even heard it slipping through the trees . 
 the thing looked like it was built for the elements , built for the hunt , and the sight of it made her legs feel like liquid . 
 for all she knew , it was right behind her now , though she did n't dare look . 
 she tried to control her emotions , but she could hear a whimper in her throat , the sound of everything she 'd seen threatening to erupt . 
 stay quiet . 
 do n't let it hear you . 
 her boots scuffed the snow , and she did her best to dampen the sound . 
 she wove through the thickets and brush , knocking the snow off thin branches . 
 a hundred yards ahead was the side of the hamiltons ' house . 
 she fought her way back to it . 
 after several minutes of snagging on wiry brambles , she broke free of the underbrush and dashed out into the open backyard . 
 the property consisted of a small yard . 
 beyond it was a shed and the forest . 
 movement sounded from somewhere behind her . 
 she heard the crunch of a footstep , the hiss of something inhuman . 
 it was getting closer . 
 she glanced over her shoulder , but saw nothing . 
 the snow continued to fall , sticking to her eyelashes and obscuring her vision . 
 she glanced at the rear wall of the house , discerning a wall of windows and a set of sliding glass doors . 
 the thing would overtake her before she could get in the woods . 
 she needed to get in the house . 
 she flew past the windows until she got to the sliders . 
 the double doors were sealed , frosted over from the cold . 
 she slid her gloves down the glass until she found a handle , then tugged on it . 
 the doors held firm . 
 fuckohfuckohfuck ... she continued along the house , passing several more windows , approaching the back door . 
 what if she could n't get inside ? 
 her heart pounded as she considered the outcome . 
 if the door was locked , she 'd be trapped . 
 out of options . 
 she 'd have made the wrong decision . 
 the one that had gotten her killed . 
 she swallowed as she reached the door , then blinked twice to ensure she was n't dreaming . 
 the door was open . 
 abby half staggered , half fell into the house . 
 her legs ached from running , and her face was lined with sweat . 
 when she got past the threshold , she spun and shut the door behind her , fumbling for the lock . 
 the deadbolt clicked into place . 
 all at once she was thrust into quiet . 
 the appliances were off , and the lights were out . 
 outside , she 'd had the occasional gust of wind to contend with , but here there was nothing . 
 she stared around the room . 
 at first everything was dark , but after a few seconds , she could identify the outlines of countertops and cabinets . 
 it appeared she was in the hamiltons ' kitchen . 
 she 'd never been in their house before . 
 she peered out the back window , waiting for the dark-furred creature to pound against the pane , sending the door reeling inward , but the yard was as desolate as she 'd left it . 
 to the left , she could see the path she 'd taken from the neighbor 's house . 
 straight ahead was the shed and the tree line . 
 there was no sign of the creature . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 she hissed . 
 she stepped deeper into the house . 
 were the hamiltons still here ? 
 she considered calling out louder , announcing her presence , but fear held her back . 
 any noise could alert the creature . 
 instead she crept across the room , looking for signs of life or a phone . 
 her knife clanged against a countertop , and she recoiled . 
 the house was a myriad of lines and shapes . 
 to her left was a room that looked like a den . 
 she saw a couch , a recliner , and a flat-screen television . 
 to her right was the living room . 
 in the absence of heat , the house had taken on a bitter chill , and she could smell the faint remnants of an earlier meal . 
 she finally saw a dark object on the wall that looked like a phone , and she made her way toward it . 
 abby maneuvered around a set of table and chairs , eyes locked on the shape she 'd seen . 
 her feet crunched objects on the floor . 
 she could n't determine what the mess she was stepping on was , but it felt like pasta or some other dried foods . 
 the hamiltons must 've left in a hurry , judging by the open door . 
 when she finally reached the phone , she grabbed hold of the receiver and placed it against her ear . 
 nothing . 
 her heart dropped in her chest . 
 she tapped the button , hoping for a dial tone or a person , but the line was dead . 
 dammit , dammit , dammit ... just to be certain , she bent down and followed the cord to the wall , scurrying to locate the jack . 
 her feet bumped against something on the floor . 
 abby stopped . 
 what was that ? 
 she bent down and peered into the darkness , trying to identify the shape in front of her . 
 it took her a second to determine what it was . 
 she immediately gagged . 
 below her was a pair of eyes . 
 a nose . 
 a mouth . 
 a body . 
 the smell of copper stung her eyes , and abby stumbled back , barely keeping hold of the knife . 
 she dropped the phone , and it smashed against the floor . 
 `` leon ? 
 adeline ? '' 
 the body did n't answer . 
 her eyes darted to the back door , but it was still closed . 
 the beast had been here . 
 she stumbled into the living room , trying to distance herself from the scene . 
 even though she could n't make out the details , she knew the person she 'd stumbled across was dead . 
 probably had been for a while . 
 but that was only one of the hamiltons . 
 where was the other ? 
 abby swallowed the acidic taste in her throat . 
 she held the knife in front of her , as if something might leap out from the shadows and grab her . 
 her heart beat in frantic rhythm . 
 if someone was still here , maybe she could find the person . 
 maybe they 'd escape this madness together . 
 although she was n't familiar with the layout of the hamiltons ' house , she could see a hallway and a set of stairs to her left . 
 in front of her was more furniture . 
 the sliders were on the right wall of the living room . 
 she swiveled in all directions . 
 her eyes flew from furniture to floor , searching for a human form . 
 she was about to press on when something drew her attention to the sliders . 
 a dark shape lurked on the other side of the pane . 
 chapter ten abby froze , watching the figure through the condensation in the glass . 
 the thing was standing upright , elongated nose in the air , arms held in front of it . 
 it appeared to be looking sideways , staring at the door she 'd entered . 
 it knew she was in here . 
 her body screamed at her to move , but she stayed rooted in place . 
 the smell of blood filled her nose . 
 ever since she 'd discovered the body , the odor seemed to have grown stronger and more pungent . 
 she fought the urge to heave , even though she had nothing left to expel . 
 the creature tilted its head toward the glass doors . 
 the movement was animalistic , but she could detect a trace of something human . 
 without warning , it snorted a wisp of hot air onto the pane . 
 its breath cleared a spot in the glass , and it peered inside , its red eyes surveying the room . 
 abby felt a scream build in her throat . 
 her hands shook violently , and she clung to the knife . 
 stay still , stay still , staystill ... the thing was twenty feet away . 
 even though it was through a window , abby could n't help but feel like it was right next to her . 
 it raked at the window with a furred arm , testing the strength of the glass , and then stepped back . 
 it 's coming inside . 
 abby steeled herself to run , her right hand clasped around the blade . 
 as soon as the thing spotted her , she 'd turn and flee for her life , however short her life might be . 
 her eyes darted from the creature to the hallway , frantically determining the path she 'd take . 
 she watched the beast 's eyes through the glass . 
 for a second , she was positive they 'd stopped . 
 without warning , the thing turned its head , gave one last chuff , and loped from sight . 
 abby expelled the breath she 'd been holding . 
 had she escaped detection ? 
 had it missed her ? 
 she relaxed her grip on the knife . 
 it did n't see me ... it did n't see me . 
 she repeated the words in her head , still unable to believe them . 
 her body was still shaking , and she fought to contain her panic . 
 somehow she 'd avoided its attention ... somehow she 'd gone unnoticed ... somehow she 'd get away ... the back door shook . 
 she heard the rattle of the doorknob and the scratch of claws , then the squeak of wood in the doorframe . 
 this time abby did n't wait . 
 she bolted in the opposite direction , heading for the front end of the house . 
 the hallway was only ten feet long , and in less than a second , she 'd reached the foyer . 
 ahead of her was the front door . 
 to her right was a set of stairs . 
 which way ? 
 whichway ? 
 the door would lead her back outside . 
 but upstairs , she might be able to hide . 
 she 'd already tried running , and she had n't gotten far ... she grappled with the decision . 
 the back door shook . 
 at any second , it would topple inward and admit the creature . 
 she grabbed the front door and felt wildly for the locks . 
 then she undid the deadbolt , turned the handle , and flung open the door . 
 cold air and snow spat from the outside . 
 the back door exploded from behind her . 
 abby turned tail and raced up the staircase . 
 she ran on the balls of her feet , praying the stairs would n't squeak underfoot . 
 one excess noise would alert the thing to her plan , if it had n't smelled her already . 
 her hope was to throw it off long enough to hide . 
 the image of rob paraded through her head . 
 he 'd been powerless against the thing , and so had the body in the kitchen . 
 she did n't even know who the body belonged to . 
 whether it was leon or adeline , she could only guess . 
 even with the lights on , she doubted she 'd recognize the body , if it was as mangled as rob 's had been . 
 she skimmed up the steps , listening to the crash of objects below her . 
 the thing was in the kitchen . 
 ripping up fabric . 
 tearing at the walls . 
 making its way through the house in a rage . 
 all stealth had been cast aside . 
 its mission now was to find and destroy her . 
 she tripped on something unidentifiable , sending her sprawling on all fours , and she used her hands and feet to scramble up the remaining steps . 
 once on the landing , her eyes darted left and right , trying to make sense of the darkness . 
 the pale wash of the outdoors filtered through several uncovered windows , and she strained to absorb the light . 
 she could see doorways on either side of her . 
 on a whim , she veered right . 
 a dark doorframe beckoned , and she headed straight for it . 
 at the last second , she caught a glimpse of the beast in the foyer . 
 the thing was standing next to the front door . 
 it reared up on its haunches , head swiveling beneath a low-hung chandelier . 
 it was seven feet tall . 
 maybe more . 
 she pitched herself into the dark room , her body surging with adrenaline . 
 the room was black and impenetrable . 
 she waved her hands in front of her , catching hold of nothing but empty air . 
 she got the sense it was a bedroom or an office . 
 something large . 
 wherever she was , the shades were drawn . 
 she maneuvered deeper inside , her hands outstretched , hoping to detect any obstacles before she bumped into them . 
 her fingers encountered a bed , and she grabbed frantically at the bedspread , looking for a way underneath . 
 the thing was still in the house . 
 she could hear its breath and the clack of its jowls . 
 at any moment it would ascend the stairs and come after her . 
 she grappled with the sheets , lost in the folds . 
 dammit ! 
 come on ! 
 suddenly she 'd created an opening , and she wriggled her way underneath . 
 the bed was about a foot off the ground -- barely high enough to wedge herself under . 
 as she slid under it , she could n't help but feel she 'd be trapped , claustrophobic . 
 if the thing found her , there 'd be no getting out easily . 
 she was buried underneath the mattress . 
 the house had fallen silent again . 
 there was no longer any noise from downstairs -- the breathing and sniffing had stopped . 
 she held still . 
 her heart hammered against the floorboards . 
 had the beast left ? 
 had it taken the bait ? 
 she waited a full minute , certain she 'd hear a scrape or a scuff , but the quiet prevailed . 
 abby swallowed a breath . 
 she inched out from beneath the bed . 
 the house remained silent . 
 even if it had gone , she knew it would be back . 
 once it did n't find her outside , it would return . 
 she needed to get out of the house . 
 in her head , she formulated an escape plan : out the back door , into the woods . 
 help might be waiting on the other side of the forest -- a house with a working phone , a neighbor who could provide refuge . 
 she knew her chances were slim , but at the same time , she could n't afford to stay . 
 she slid back into the open , careful not to drag her knife on the floor . 
 once upright , she glanced around the room . 
 her eyes were still adjusting , and she could see shapes around her , objects lurking in the dark . 
 every one of them looked like the beast . 
 what if it was in here with her ? 
 she swallowed back the thought and got to her feet , wincing at the soft rustle of her jacket . 
 across the room , she could see the faint outline of a window . 
 she crept toward it , intending to look outside . 
 she needed confirmation that the creature had left . 
 some proof that she was alone in the house . 
 her boots creaked ; her socks pressed against her toes . 
 her limbs were raw and cold . 
 when she reached the window , she found the corner of the shade and lifted it up . 
 the glow of the outdoors crept past her , illuminating the room . 
 she kept a safe distance from the glass to avoid detection . 
 the neighborhood was emblazoned in white . 
 from her position on the second floor , she had a bird 's - eye view of the road , and she inspected the area with fear-soaked eyes . 
 to her left was the faint outline of her raised ranch ; on the road was her snow-covered honda . 
 the creature was nowhere in sight . 
 all she could make out was a red trail in the middle of the street . 
 it looked like the last pieces of rob had been dragged out and consumed . 
 chapter eleven abby covered her mouth with her hand . 
 the only thing worse than knowing her husband was dead was the knowledge that the creature had eaten him . 
 she clenched her eyes shut , trying to dispel the image . 
 rob was dead . 
 she 'd known it before , but now it was final . 
 there 'd be no burial , no saying goodbye . 
 the tears began to flow again , and her eyes flicked to the house next door -- hers and rob 's . 
 she could make out a hint of vinyl siding , bits and pieces of the snow-covered roof . 
 it had been rob 's idea to move here , and she 'd followed him . 
 if they 'd stayed in georgia , this never would 've happened . 
 she remembered her mother 's words when she 'd left for connecticut . 
 the change will be good for you , sweetheart . 
 it 's good to have new experiences in life . 
 six months ago , georgia had been the only home she 'd ever known , and abby had been reluctant to leave . 
 but her mother had instilled confidence in her , assuring abby that she was making the right move . 
 and so abby had taken the plunge . 
 now she was starting to regret it . 
 but she needed to trust her instincts now . 
 she needed to get out of here . 
 the life she 'd had with rob was over . 
 she glanced behind her , using the brief light of the window to determine her path . 
 it was then that she noticed the body in the room . 
 in the darkness , she had n't detected it before . 
 she seized up . 
 a woman was lying on the bed . 
 she could just make out adeline 's portly frame on the bed , her wiry hair . 
 her head was tilted too far back , and one of her slippers was missing . 
 on her lap was a pistol . 
 abby let go of the shade and darted to the woman 's side . 
 she whispered the woman 's name , but there was no response . 
 abby checked the woman for a pulse . 
 the body was lifeless and still . 
 she swallowed and reached for the gun , taking it in her hands . 
 the barrel was cold . 
 metallic . 
 was it even loaded ? 
 she did n't know . 
 she could only assume adeline had n't gotten the chance to fire it . 
 if she had , abby would 've heard it . 
 the creature must 've gotten to her first . 
 abby reeled back from the bed , suddenly positive that she was alone . 
 the pierces and the morgans had left . 
 the hamiltons were dead . 
 the only person left was the man at the end of the cul-de-sac , and the beast -- and she suspected the two were one and the same . 
 getting to another neighborhood was her only bet . 
 abby put one foot in front of the other , clutching the knife and the gun , and treaded across the room . 
 before long , she 'd cleared the bedroom and re-entered the hallway . 
 she peered over the railing . 
 the front door was still open . 
 beads of snow drifted in from outside , covering the foyer like an icy welcome mat . 
 the world outside was white and silent , betraying nothing about the events that had transpired . 
 abby kept her eyes glued to the doorway . 
 with each step , she could see more of the neighborhood -- snow and gray sky and houses with their shapes twisted and deformed . 
 when she reached the top landing , she took a breath . 
 the stairs seemed to unfold before her . 
 for a moment , she convinced herself that the carpeted steps were the only things separating her from the monster , that when she started down them , she 'd give up her only advantage . 
 but she had to move . 
 had to continue . 
 staying would mean death . 
 she stared down the steps and out the front door , ready to take the first step . 
 she was about to move when she saw a mass of fur barreling toward the house . 
 abby stepped back . 
 her heart leapt in her chest . 
 the thing glided across the terrain , soundless except for the crunch of paws on powder . 
 she spun and grabbed for the nearest door handle , then ducked into a small bathroom . 
 although her instinct was to slam the door shut and barricade herself inside , she closed it to a crack instead . 
 through the opening , over the top of the railing , she could see the foyer , the open door , and the advancing beast . 
 she 'd waited too long . 
 she should 've left sooner . 
 she felt around in the dark , locating a counter and a sink , and placed the knife on top of it . 
 then she placed both hands on the gun and held it at chest level . 
 she 'd never fired one before . 
 she knew where the trigger was and how to hold it , but nothing more . 
 she prayed the thing had bullets , that it was ready to fire . 
 the creature had reached the front step . 
 she watched it switch from four limbs to two , standing upright and huffing the air . 
 her breath caught in her throat , and she backed away from the bathroom door , taking aim through the crack . 
 once it climbed the stairs and came into view , she 'd shoot . 
 she hoped it would n't . 
 she hoped it would leave . 
 but the fact of the matter was that it had already come and gone once . 
 if it was back , it was back for good . 
 the beast stepped through the front door . 
 it extended its nose into the air , wagged its mane . 
 she could make out its eyes in the semi-darkness -- red and piercing , and they seemed to swallow the room with each pass , as if willing her to emerge . 
 its body darkened the doorway , and she saw the outlines of bristled fur . 
 claws . 
 teeth . 
 she could smell it , too . 
 the musk of the outdoors , the odor of a fresh kill . 
 abby said a silent prayer , her lips moving soundlessly . 
 the beast took one plodding step , then another , establishing the house as its own . 
 she aimed her weapon through the crack , wondering if she 'd have the chance to use it . 
 adeline had meant to . 
 and now she was dead . 
 the creature hit the first stair . 
 abby heard the muffled thump of a foot , the hiss of hot breath gliding through teeth . 
 she stared through the crack in the door , afraid to blink . 
 because the opening was small , the creature had slipped from view ; the only clue she had to its whereabouts was the sound of it ascending the steps . 
 she could only guess at its location . 
 the footsteps continued . 
 thump . 
 thump . 
 abby strained to recall how many steps there were . 
 ten ? 
 twelve ? 
 how many until the creature was right in front of her ? 
 the open front door seemed to beckon her . 
 for a moment , she considered darting out into the hallway and throwing herself over the railing . 
 would it be worth the risk of injury ? 
 would she survive long enough to escape ? 
 she swallowed , but held her position . 
 the gun was heavy in her hands . 
 what if there were no bullets ? 
 what if she missed ? 
 what if -- abby paused , noticing a break in the noise . 
 the beast had either reached the landing , or it had heard her swallow . 
 did it know where she was ? 
 could it sense her ? 
 her hands trembled . 
 the beast snorted . 
 abby jumped , barely keeping hold of the gun . 
 nothing appeared . 
 the sliver of hallway in front of her was vacant . 
 but she could sense the thing 's presence . 
 it was right behind the door . 
 it chuffed again . 
 the stench of blood and beast was overwhelming , drowning out her other senses . 
 she repressed the urge to be sick . 
 the thing 's head appeared . 
 at first , all she could see was the tip of its nose , but then she saw an eye , the matted fold of an ear . 
 the thing was only a few feet away -- close enough to reach out and grab her . 
 in the time she 'd been running , this was the closest she 'd been to it . 
 the closest she 'd come to death . 
 she held the gun and prepared to squeeze the trigger . 
 the thing continued down the hallway . 
 abby exhaled . 
 her body felt like it was stretched taut , and her mind spit rapid-fire . 
 she heard the faint creak of a floorboard from down the hall . 
 the thing had gone into the bedroom . 
 move . 
 the word popped into her brain as if it had been planted there , and suddenly abby was pulling open the door and slipping into the hallway . 
 there was no time to question what she was doing . 
 there was only time to act . 
 she glanced left , glimpsing the creature 's shadow . 
 although she could n't be certain , it looked like it was facing the other direction . 
 without hesitation , she crept down the hallway , heading for the stairs . 
 the carpet kept her cover , and soon she was departing the landing and making her way down the stairs . 
 her body moved as if it were on autopilot ; she could n't feel her legs . 
 it was as if some outside force were propelling her down the stairs , guiding her to safety . 
 she fixed her eyes on the open door , fighting the urge to look behind her . 
 only five more steps . 
 she was going to make it . 
 the beast was still occupied . 
 it had n't gotten a look at her . 
 she 'd survive , even though all the others had died . 
 she 'd get help and then -- something struck her from behind , and abby toppled down the remaining stairs . 
 the gun and the knife flew from her grasp , skittering into unseen corners . 
 she hit the foyer hard , deprived of air , and cried out as blood sprayed inside her mouth . 
 claws grabbed her head and slammed her into the ground . 
 part three -- the kill chapter twelve abby awoke with a start . 
 she was n't sure how long she 'd been out , but it could n't have been long , judging by the fact that she was still alive . 
 but something was on top of her . 
 the creature had her pinned . 
 she struggled and writhed under the weight of its body , and its breath threatened to smother her . 
 if it did n't rip her open , she 'd die from being crushed . 
 from what she could tell , she was still in the foyer , lying on her stomach . 
 in the corner of her eye she could see the open door ; behind her were flashes of movement . 
 her vision was still bleary from passing out . 
 she pushed with all her strength , but the thing had her immobilized . 
 was this how rob had felt ? 
 tears savaged her eyes , and before she knew it she was crying and fighting , spitting and lashing out . 
 the thing behind her snarled , as if hoping to subdue her , but she ignored it and began to scream . 
 `` stop ! 
 get off me ! '' 
 she knew the words were useless , but her mind was ramped up on adrenaline , her synapses firing at breakneck speed . 
 abby 's instincts had taken over , and she 'd do anything she could to stay alive . 
 she had the sudden realization that she was cold , and she ceased screaming . 
 i 'm cut . 
 he 's torn me open . 
 she waited for the unbearable pain to overtake her , but it never came . 
 it took her a second to realize that only her coat had been ripped . 
 abby wriggled back and forth , sloughing off her jacket . 
 the beast tore at the fabric , and she could feel the tips of its nails digging into her skin . 
 suddenly she was free , and she ignored the pain and pushed herself off the carpet . 
 she began to crawl . 
 she tried to forget the creature behind her , concentrating instead on gaining distance from it . 
 at any moment it would pounce on her , but right now , at this second , she was free . 
 if she could maneuver her way to the door , maybe she could escape . 
 even though the logistics were against her , abby 's brain kept her moving . 
 before long , wet snowflakes kissed her skin . 
 she was outside . 
 the cold around her intensified , but she pressed on . 
 blood trickled down her cheeks . 
 her head must 've been cut open when the thing slammed her head against the ground . 
 but that did n't matter . 
 she might be injured , but she was alive . 
 if she could just keep moving -- the beast took hold of her legs and ripped her backward , as if she were little more than its plaything . 
 she slid over the threshold of the house and back inside , her stomach scraping against the snow and carpet . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she shrieked . 
 but her words were weak and unheeded . 
 her leg exploded in pain as something tore into it . 
 abby had been foolish to think she could escape the beast . 
 it was faster . 
 stronger . 
 inhuman . 
 any advantage she 'd had had been given up when she 'd been spotted . 
 without weapons , she was as good as dead . 
 the thing tugged her again , and abby slid sideways like a wet mop , her bloodied leg sliding across the floor . 
 the room was starting to spin . 
 the beast had her in its grasp , and she was powerless to stop it . 
 she speared the floor with her fingernails , but they scraped uselessly against the hardwood , and she was unable to find traction . 
 her eyes flitted from corner to corner . 
 searching for something -- anything -- that could help her . 
 then she spotted the gun . 
 it was little more than a glint in the darkness , but she could make it out across the foyer . 
 the creature shook her back and forth , trying to shake the fight out of her , but she kept her eyes focused on it . 
 the gun was ten feet away . 
 butted against the far wall . 
 if she could reach it ... the beast lifted her by the leg , intent on flipping her over , but abby lashed out and kicked it in the chest . 
 the thing lost its grasp , and she started to move . 
 it grabbed onto her boot , but abby slid her foot free . 
 all of a sudden she was crawling on hands and knees , faster than she 'd ever crawled before . 
 her clothes hung in tatters , threatening to slow her down . 
 but abby held fast to her mission . 
 she kept her eyes fixed on the gun , her mind on what she needed to do . 
 before she knew it , the piece was in her hands . 
 abby turned and squeezed the trigger . 
 the shot was deafening , ripping through the foyer of the house and echoing up the stairs . 
 she heard a yelp -- not the snarl of a predator but the cry of outwitted prey -- and the creature fell to the floor . 
 the storm howled , throwing a gust of wind through the open doorway . 
 was it dead ? 
 abby did n't wait to find out . 
 she grabbed her missing boot and ran into the night . 
 the snow had stopped . 
 she slipped on her boot , heart still pounding , and trudged across a neighborhood that now resembled a wilderness . 
 abby kept on , despite the gnawing ache in her leg and the pain in her skull . 
 several times she looked behind her , expecting to find the creature in pursuit , but all she could see was the pink trail of blood from her leg , dripping like a slow leak from a rusty hose . 
 she needed help . 
 she needed medical attention , and she needed the police . 
 the snow was now about eight inches deep , and she trudged through it with all the speed she could muster . 
 her sweatpants and shirt were ripped ; her coat was gone . 
 the cold bit at her exposed skin . 
 she passed by her house , then by the stranded civic . 
 the puddle of her husband 's blood was covered over in white , the vehicle a monument to his existence . 
 she was hit with a sudden thought , and she paused and tugged at the rear door handle . 
 the door opened with effort , groaning on half-frozen hinges . 
 her bags were in the trunk , but there was a hoodie on the backseat . 
 she retrieved it and pulled it on . 
 the fabric was n't the thickest , but it warmed her several degrees . 
 there was no use delaying any longer . 
 the car was stuck , and she needed to get out of here . 
 she slammed the door shut and kept moving . 
 the intersecting road was several hundred yards away . 
 if she could reach it , she might find help . 
 although she had n't seen a car pass in several hours , the road was her best chance at escaping the neighborhood . 
 the wind had died down , plunging the neighborhood into a new depth of quiet . 
 all abby could hear was the puff of breath from her lungs and the occasional whimper that escaped her lips . 
 she listened for sounds around her -- the crunch of a footstep , the wheeze of a second set of lungs -- but the area was mercifully silent . 
 she did her best to rid her mind of the beast , concentrating instead on a new set of odds before her : getting herself help before she bled to death or the cold consumed her . 
 whichever came first . 
 though she was covering ground , abby 's pace was uneven . 
 her head was swimming and she felt off balance . 
 even so , she was able to make progress , and after a few minutes she 'd traversed the length of the street . 
 the intersection of jameson and pickney was marked with a stop sign . 
 next to it was a metal pole with two road markers . 
 in better weather , abby could expect to see a car every few minutes or so . 
 tonight , the street was empty . 
 she looked to her left and to her right , finding nothing but trees and snow . 
 normally she appreciated the rural setting , but tonight it filled her with desperation . 
 the nearest neighborhood was n't for a mile in either direction . 
 help seemed light years away . 
 she staggered out onto the roadway , scouring the road for tire tracks . 
 her hope was to see indentations in the snow , some evidence that a car had recently passed . 
 it was possible one had gone by while she 'd been at the hamiltons ' , maybe even while she 'd been passed out . 
 the snow looked untouched . 
 if someone had driven by , it 'd been a while . 
 in any case , she needed to keep moving . 
 the longer she remained in place , the dizzier she became , and abby had the sinking feeling that she was about to lose consciousness . 
 before plowing ahead , she scanned the road in both directions . 
 there was no sign of headlights . 
 the road to her left led to the center of town . 
 she bore in that direction . 
 as she cleared the intersection , she gave one last glance behind her . 
 she caught sight of her house in the distance and fought the sickening feeling that now came with the image . 
 keep moving . 
 as she walked , she wiggled her fingers and toes , hoping to restore some of the circulation she 'd lost . 
 although the snow had ceased , the cold had intensified , and it adhered to her like a new layer of skin . 
 the trees on either side of the road loomed over her like a platoon of many-armed guards . 
 each footstep was more difficult than the last ; her muscles felt like rubber . 
 she 'd been on these roads numerous times , but never on foot . 
 abby tried to envision the neighborhood in front of her , but could n't gauge how far she 'd traveled . 
 without landmarks to guide her , the road seemed to stretch on forever , and each patch of forest seemed identical to the last . 
 come on , abby . 
 she had to make it . 
 she had n't come this far to die . 
 rob would 've wanted her to continue . 
 she gritted her teeth , holding back tears , and charged ahead . 
 after a few minutes , she noticed something glowing on the trees ahead . 
 she squinted and wiped her face , but the light was still there . 
 it took her a minute to identify the source . 
 a car was coming up from her rear . 
 abby spun . 
 in the distance , she could make out the silhouette of a vehicle . 
 it seemed to glide across the snow , its form illuminated in the backlight of its high beams . 
 the engine purred louder as it approached . 
 this was it . 
 help at last . 
 abby raced out into the road , heart racing , and then collapsed . 
 chapter thirteen headlights threatened to blind her . 
 abby tried to sit up , but her body refused to cooperate . 
 she 'd fallen on her side , facing the vehicle , and she peered through the glare . 
 despite her efforts , she was unable to make out anything but lines and shadows . 
 after a few seconds , a voice sprang from the light . 
 `` are you all right , ma’am ? '' 
 she opened her mouth to answer , but her lips were frozen . 
 she wiped her face with a gloved hand . 
 she was still holding the gun . 
 she lowered it to her side and pulled herself into a sitting position . 
 snow clung to her sweatpants and hoodie . 
 she brushed at it with an unsteady hand , eyes bleary . 
 a car door opened and shut , and footsteps crunched the snow . 
 a few seconds later , a man knelt beside her . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 the man was wearing a knit cap and a coat . 
 gray hair sprang from the sides of his hat , and his face was creased with worry . 
 `` i-i think so , '' abby managed . 
 she tried to get to her feet , but gravity pulled her back to the ground . 
 `` wait a sec , i 'll help you up . '' 
 the man held out his arm , and she took hold of his sleeve . 
 she staggered to her feet , noticing a puddle of blood where her leg had landed . 
 `` christ , you 're bleeding ! '' 
 the man observed . 
 he stared at the snow where she 'd been lying , then caught sight of the gun . 
 he immediately backed away . 
 `` we do n't want any trouble , miss . '' 
 `` i was attacked ... please ... '' the man eyed her nervously . 
 `` there 's something out there . 
 it got my husband ... my neighbors ... '' she pleaded . 
 the man glanced back at the vehicle , and abby saw another person sitting in the passenger seat . 
 `` we can help you , but you have to put that thing away , '' the man said . 
 abby tucked the pistol in the lip of her jeans . 
 once it was out of sight , the man helped her over to the suv and into the backseat . 
 she slid across the cushions , wincing at the pain in her leg . 
 she was immediately hit with a blast of warmth . 
 she closed her eyes and absorbed the heat . 
 when she opened her eyes , a woman with curly gray hair was staring at her from the front seat . 
 `` i 'm lorena sotheby , and this is my husband tom . 
 it looks like you 're bleeding pretty badly . 
 let me help you . '' 
 the woman climbed into the backseat while her husband took the driver 's seat . 
 abby noticed the woman was holding a t-shirt in her hand , and she began to wrap it around abby 's leg . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but we do n't have a first aid kit . 
 how long have you been outside , sweetheart ? '' 
 `` a few hours , i think , '' abby guessed . 
 `` you must be freezing . '' 
 abby attempted to answer , but her teeth were chattering too hard . 
 the suv hummed as tom put it into drive , and before long they were rolling over the snow-covered road . 
 from the front seat , she heard the sounds of numbers being dialed on a cellphone . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 lorena asked , still tending to her leg . 
 abby opened her mouth to speak , but could n't find the words . 
 for the past few minutes , she 'd been so caught up in her survival that she 'd been able to repress what she 'd seen . 
 now the images came flooding back , like a nightmare long forgotten . 
 `` there was something in my neighborhood . 
 s-some kind of animal or something . 
 it attacked my husband , my neighbors , and it almost got me . '' 
 lorena gave her a long look . 
 `` where are you from ? '' 
 `` i live on jameson street . 
 the one you just passed . '' 
 the woman 's eyes , which had already been filled with worry , seemed to darken . 
 her gaze flitted to the front seat . 
 tom was looking at her in the rearview mirror . 
 `` what did this thing look like ? '' 
 `` you 're not going to believe me , but it looked sort of like a -- '' `` a wolf ? '' 
 abby swallowed and nodded . 
 `` but bigger . 
 the size of a man . 
 how 'd you -- ? '' 
 she looked from the rearview to the woman next to her . 
 lorena 's eyes were wide and sympathetic . 
 `` they 're everywhere , honey . 
 we 've been trying to call the police for hours . '' 
 abby 's heart knocked against her ribcage . 
 from the front seat , she could hear the sound of a busy signal on speakerphone , then the sound of tom cursing again . 
 although she had n't noticed it before , there was a rifle lying on the passenger seat . 
 `` this ca n't be happening , '' she whispered . 
 lorena shook her head . 
 `` that 's what we 've been saying . '' 
 abby 's gaze flew around the road , but the outside was dark and glossy , as if they were traveling across the arctic tundra . 
 she had the sudden fear that the tires would lock up , that they 'd get stuck in a patch of snow the way she and rob had earlier , but the car continued . 
 they 're everywhere , honey ... lorena 's words rattled in abby 's head like a penny in a tin can , and try as she might , she was powerless to dismiss them . 
 she instinctively felt for her own weapon , even though she had little faith that it would protect her . 
 the car had fallen silent , but she could hear the faint sound of static through the radio as tom adjusted the dials . 
 a few of the stations were playing music , and he flipped by them , searching for a voice . 
 `` where are you from ? '' 
 abby asked . 
 `` we live in the neighborhood back there , '' lorena said , pointing to the road behind them . 
 `` one of the things broke into the house , and tom shot at it . '' 
 `` did you see anyone else in the neighborhood ? '' 
 `` a lot of people left when the storm got bad , but we decided to stick it out . 
 tom and i have a generator . 
 after that thing broke in , we got the hell out of there as fast as we could . '' 
 a gust of wind blew again from outside , lifting currents of snow over the hood . 
 tom hit the windshield wipers , and abby watched as they slogged back and forth over the snow , grinding it against the windshield . 
 `` dammit , '' tom spat . 
 `` if we can get to town , maybe we can track down help . 
 i just wish these wipers would cooperate . '' 
 she heard the whir of a motor , and then saw a streak of washer fluid hit the pane . 
 the wipers were stuck . 
 tom hit a lever , increasing their speed . 
 finally the snow gave in , toppling to the side . 
 `` you said the thing attacked your husband ? '' 
 he called back . 
 `` yes . 
 he ... died . '' 
 abby could barely formulate the words . 
 once she 'd spoken them , she lowered her head and cried into her hands . 
 lorena reached over to console her . 
 `` it 's ok , honey . 
 we 're going to get you out of here . '' 
 progress on the road was slow . 
 because of the snow 's depth , the tires of the suv fought to keep traction , and tom fought to control the wheel . 
 the vehicle swayed back and forth , as if they were aboard an ocean liner , fighting the current of a stormy sea . 
 abby resumed her watch out the windows , alternating her gaze between the road and the forest . 
 although they 'd been driving for several minutes , she was hard-pressed to determine their location . 
 the trees were swathed in snow , and she recognized none of the landmarks that would 've been apparent to her in drier weather . 
 heat blasted from the vents around her . 
 `` is that too much for you ? '' 
 tom asked . 
 `` no , i 'm fine . 
 thanks . '' 
 her body was starting to warm to the vehicle 's temperature , but her mind was still numb . 
 detached . 
 she blinked hard , letting her eyes close . 
 if it were n't for the adrenaline coursing through her veins , she might 've succumbed to exhaustion . 
 her mind wandered the events from the previous hours , replaying them over and over , as if they were stuck on a loop . 
 her husband 's body ... the battle with the creature ... it was hard to imagine continuing life without rob . 
 they 'd been together for four years , and married for one , but already it felt like an eternity . 
 they 'd sworn to spend their lives together , and now it was over . 
 even if she escaped the neighborhood -- even if she never went back -- the memories would haunt her forever . 
 she was n't positive of much , not anymore , but she was positive of that . 
 `` hang in there , '' lorena said from beside her . 
 `` we 'll get through this , honey . '' 
 `` i hope so , '' abby whispered . 
 when abby opened her eyes , there was a large , snow-covered object parked diagonally on the road front of them . 
 it took her a few seconds to determine it was a car . 
 the exterior was glossed in white , but she could see patches of green paint sticking out from underneath . 
 the taillights were still lit . 
 tom flashed the high beams , but there was no response from the driver . 
 `` i 'm going to pull up next to them , '' tom said . 
 `` do you think that 's a good idea ? 
 maybe we should just keep going , '' lorena said . 
 the woman was trying to remain calm , but abby could hear her voice shaking . 
 tom glanced at her . 
 `` whoever 's inside might be stuck . 
 we ca n't leave them out here . '' 
 abby studied the stalled vehicle . 
 the driver 's side window was rolled down a crack , and she could make out a faint glow from somewhere inside . 
 tom applied the brakes , and she felt the tires of the suv slide on the slippery snow . 
 she watched the forest on either side of her , expecting something to spring from the trees , but nothing did . 
 she turned her attention back to the vehicle . 
 the suv 's headlights bounced off the driver 's side mirror , and she thought she glimpsed a person 's silhouette inside . 
 tom pulled up next to the car , letting the suv idle . 
 then he hit one of the buttons to lower the passenger side window . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 tom yelled across the car . 
 the person in the vehicle was little more than a shadow . 
 tom leaned farther and called out again . 
 lorena swiped at the condensation on the glass in the back window . 
 abby peered over , trying to get a better look through it . 
 after a minute of silence , tom turned around , craning past the headrest . 
 `` it looks like there 's someone in the driver 's seat , '' he said . 
 he threw the suv into park . 
 `` i 'll hop out and check . 
 i 'll only be a minute . 
 keep the doors locked . '' 
 both abby and lorena opened their mouths to argue , but before they could stop him , tom grabbed the rifle and ripped open the driver 's side door . 
 he hopped into the snow , then closed the door behind him . 
 the doors locked . 
 abby heard the crunch of his boots on powder , then saw his illuminated figure in the glare of the headlights . 
 in spite of his bravado , he seemed afraid . 
 abby and lorena swiveled in all directions , their heads turning in unison . 
 since stopping the vehicle , the sky seemed to have grown darker . 
 the snow continued to fall from overhead , blotting the windows and evaporating on the hood like melted butter . 
 abby swallowed , fighting the feeling of panic that threatened to overtake her once again . 
 she kept her eyes glued to the windows , her hands clutched on the back of the driver 's seat . 
 when tom reached the driver 's side of the vehicle , he rapped on the glass , his rifle under his arm . 
 `` do n't worry , we 're here to help ! '' 
 he called out . 
 there was no answer . 
 for a brief , selfish moment , abby wanted nothing more than to leave the scene behind , for tom to come back and for them to keep driving . 
 but if the person was in trouble , she knew it 'd be wrong to leave them behind . 
 if it were n't for tom and lorena , she 'd be out there alone herself . 
 tom knocked on the window again , but there was still no response . 
 he waited another moment , then tugged on the door handle and swung the door open . 
 he immediately stumbled back in the snow . 
 `` holy jesus ! '' 
 he cried . 
 he raced back to the suv , struggling to keep his footing . 
 the rifle bounced in his hands . 
 when he reached the vehicle , he jumped into the driver 's seat and slammed the door . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 lorena asked . 
 tom did n't answer . 
 his eyes were blazing , and his face was ashen . 
 he threw the vehicle into drive and hit the accelerator . 
 without a word , he propelled the suv forward . 
 the wipers dragged across the windowpane . 
 lorena put her hand on her husband 's shoulder . 
 `` it 'll be ok , honey . '' 
 abby heard him swallow , but he still did n't reply . 
 as they passed the stalled vehicle , abby 's eyes wandered to the open door . 
 her stomach immediately soured . 
 the driver was a man in his forties . 
 his throat had been ripped out , and his organs were spilled across his stomach . 
 she clutched her hands over her mouth , fighting the urge to vomit . 
 her mind sputtered . 
 she blinked several times , trying to rid her mind of the image she had seen , but it was already planted in her memory . 
 in the past few hours , abby had seen more bloodshed than she 'd seen in a lifetime , and she wanted nothing more than to leave it behind . 
 for the next few minutes , the car plunged into a somber silence . 
 the suv hummed over the roadway as it picked up speed . 
 abby kept her eyes glued to the trees , her eyes skimming the dark , snow-laden branches . 
 town was only a few miles away . 
 soon they 'd reach it , and soon they 'd find help . 
 there had to be other people out there , people who could assist them . 
 as awful and unbelievable as the whole night had been , there had to be safety somewhere . 
 they 'd only gone a half-mile when the windshield wipers stalled again . 
 `` dammit ! '' 
 tom swore , his voice cracked and broken . 
 he hit the lever , turning the wipers on and off again , and finally got them moving . 
 `` that 's better , '' he murmured . 
 he sighed and returned his hands to the steering wheel . 
 the wipers cast the snow aside , clearing the pane . 
 when the windshield came clean , all three of them froze . 
 something was standing in the road in front of them . 
 lorena began to scream . 
 chapter fourteen tom hit the brakes , and the vehicle swerved . 
 the headlights glanced off the shape in the road , giving it a split second of illumination . 
 abby saw a host of familiar features : a protruding nose , jagged fingernails , and a mouth opened into a roar . 
 in the middle of the creature 's chest was a blood-encrusted wound . 
 a remnant from when she 'd shot it . 
 she fished for her gun , bracing herself with one hand on the back of the driver 's seat . 
 the suv had lost traction , and it spun soundlessly in the night , unable to find purchase . 
 the headlights speared the landscape -- illuminating trees , then road , then beast . 
 when the car finally stopped , abby 's pulse spiked . 
 the creature was bounding toward them . 
 tom let go of the steering wheel and lunged for his rifle . 
 before he could reach it , the thing landed on the hood and started pounding on the glass . 
 one of the headlights went out , pitching the road into further darkness and obscuring the creature 's form . 
 the windshield spiderwebbed under furred hands . 
 abby retrieved her gun . 
 she tried pointing it over the headrest , but tom was in the way , and he cried out as she bumped into him . 
 lorena was still screaming , and the sound filled the interior of the car . 
 something keened below them . 
 it took abby a moment to realize it was the sound of tires , spinning without traction . 
 she stared at the door next to her , unsure whether to stay inside or get out . 
 both decisions reeked of danger and death , and neither screamed out as the solution . 
 before she could act , she heard the click of a lock , and lorena flung open her door and stumbled out into the night . 
 `` no ! '' 
 abby screamed . 
 but she was too late . 
 the woman was still shrieking , and she fled through the snow and out of sight . 
 wind whipped through the open door , catching abby in its draft . 
 in the front seat , tom had recovered his rifle , and he aimed it at the creature on the windshield . 
 he fired off a round , punching a hole in the glass , but not before the beast leapt from sight , climbing over the hood of the car and after lorena . 
 `` lorena ! '' 
 tom screeched , his face a frightened mess . 
 pieces of glass cascaded in from the windshield . 
 the car was compromised . 
 the only thing left was to get out . 
 tom ripped at the driver 's side door handle , muttering words that abby could n't understand . 
 she glanced behind her , hoping to catch a glimpse of lorena and the creature , but she could see little in the darkness . 
 rather than depart through the open door , she unlocked her own and pitched it open , stepping back out into the cold . 
 she aimed her gun in front of her , uncertain whether she had bullets , uncertain whether it would fire . 
 her luck had held out once , but she had little confidence that it would continue . 
 tom exited behind her . 
 he swung the rifle in front of him , frantic , staring past abby . 
 they surveyed the white landscape , but the road was empty . 
 somewhere off to their right , deep in the forest , they heard screams . 
 `` i 'm going after her ! '' 
 tom huffed , his breath white and visible . 
 `` i 'm coming , too ! '' 
 despite abby 's weakened state , the prospect of leaving these people alone -- especially after they 'd helped her -- did n't seem right . 
 tom did n't argue , and before she knew it , they were traipsing into the woods in the direction of the screams . 
 the snow in the forest was thicker than on the road . 
 whether it was the underbrush or the drifts , abby was n't sure , but the powder was well past her knees . 
 she forged ahead , ignoring the bite in her legs and skin , knowing this might be her final journey . 
 even if she got out of this -- even if she did n't die from frostbite or pneumonia or blood loss -- her prospect of survival was slim . 
 if these things were everywhere , there 'd be no escaping them . 
 she gritted her teeth and tried to focus . 
 `` lorena ! '' 
 tom shouted , the word echoing through the tree trunks . 
 lorena continued to scream , but her words were indecipherable . 
 in spite of that , it sounded like tom and abby were getting closer . 
 had the creature caught up with her ? 
 abby could only imagine the beast had had no trouble narrowing the gap . 
 from everything she 'd seen , the thing was fast -- the snow would n't have proved an issue . 
 tom and abby stumbled on , following the tracks in the snow through the somber light of the sky . 
 she could hear the ragged breathing of the man next to her , but neither of them spoke . 
 it was as if breath were their only commodity , and neither wanted to waste it . 
 she looked over her shoulder . 
 abby could still see the one working headlight of the car , shining into the woods without purpose or direction . 
 since they 'd entered the forest , the landscape seemed to have grown darker . 
 with each passing step , it felt like the tree limbs were reaching down to them , ready to pluck them from the ground . 
 abby swiveled her attention to the foreground . 
 it took her a moment to realize lorena 's cries had stopped . 
 `` lorena ! '' 
 tom yelled . 
 tom stopped in the snow , scanning the trees in all directions , and abby pointed her pistol at the shadows . 
 `` where the hell is she ? '' 
 tom screamed . 
 he swiveled his head in panic . 
 `` lorena ! 
 answer me , dammit ! 
 where are you ? '' 
 abby felt a sense of helplessness creep over her . 
 it was the same feeling she 'd had earlier , when she 'd found rob 's body ripped apart . 
 it was as if the world around them had swooped in , tightening a noose around their necks , and there was nothing either of them could do to stop it . 
 all they could do was wait for the end . 
 chapter fifteen a noise rang out from their left , and abby and tom spun , shifting their aim to a patch of trees . 
 the forest creaked and swayed ; several branches shed their snow . 
 abby watched as the white powder filtered to the ground . 
 there was no sign of the beast . 
 no sign of lorena . 
 but the sound had to have come from somewhere . 
 she glanced over at tom . 
 the rifle bobbed up and down in his grasp . 
 `` lorena ! '' 
 he screamed , his cries more desperate by the second . 
 he waved the rifle at the trees , as if demanding an answer . 
 abby 's teeth chattered . 
 the cold bit at her skin , working its way into every nook and orifice . 
 now that they 'd stopped moving , she had one less thing to distract her , and the pain in her leg had intensified . 
 her leg felt like it was burning . 
 she glanced down at her calf , but could only see the outline of the makeshift bandage lorena had applied for her . 
 without treatment , the injury would get worse . 
 but there was nothing she could do at the moment . 
 `` let 's head that way , '' tom said , beckoning to the trees where the noise had originated . 
 he took a step forward , and abby followed . 
 they 'd only gone a few feet when something flew through the air . 
 the object landed with a thud about five feet in front of them , and abby screamed . 
 tom stumbled backward . 
 it took them only a second to determine what it was . 
 lorena 's mangled body lay in front of them in the snow . 
 her head hung like a dovetail joint , nearly twisted from her neck . 
 her chest cavity had been flayed open , and several ribs spilled from inside . 
 `` no ! '' 
 tom fell to his knees beside her , his body wracked with sobs . 
 abby 's pulse climbed . 
 she pointed the gun through the trees , waiting for the beast to emerge . 
 every shadow appeared to be moving , and her eyes flitted from one shape to the next , waiting for something to stick out . 
 the forest had taken on an eerie silence , as if the world had stopped breathing . 
 suddenly a pair of glowing eyes appeared in front of them . 
 she saw the creature gliding toward them , its oversized limbs crunching snow . 
 she squeezed off a shot from her pistol , but the shot went wide . 
 she fired again , but missed . 
 the beast continued , unfazed . 
 tom sprang to his feet and aimed his rifle . 
 she heard a grunt as he squeezed the trigger , then the explosion of the gunshot . 
 this time the beast reeled backward . 
 tom had struck his mark , but the creature kept coming , shaking the wound off like a bee sting . 
 it was only a hundred yards away . 
 closing fast . 
 abby struggled to aim her pistol , but her grip faltered . 
 her head was starting to pound , and she felt dizzy and hot . 
 sweat leaked from her brow . 
 the world around her was spiraling out of control , and she was caught in the tempest . 
 was she in shock ? 
 dying ? 
 her leg pulsed , radiating heat . 
 she tried to cry out , but her tongue did n't seem to work . 
 she heard several more gunshots from tom 's rifle . 
 through the haze , she saw the beast sway . 
 a few of the bullets connected , slowing it down , but it refused to stop . 
 she tried to aim her pistol , but could n't . 
 the gun slipped from abby 's hand . 
 her ears were ringing , and she clasped her hands over her head , trying to plug the noise . 
 the creature was only feet away from tom . 
 she saw him thrust the tip of the rifle at its head and fire another shot . 
 pain rippled through her head like a migraine . 
 she fell to her knees and clutched her temples . 
 another gunshot . 
 another burst of pain . 
 she called out for tom , but he did n't answer . 
 the world had gone black , and she could n't see . 
 all at once , the forest was quiet . 
 the pain subsided . 
 abby could hear herself breathing again , her lungs gasping for air . 
 she opened her eyes and unfurled her hands from her head . 
 tom was standing a few feet away , clutching the rifle . 
 he was staring at her . 
 `` are you ok , abby ? '' 
 `` i-i think so . '' 
 she nodded . 
 she followed his gaze to the beast , which had fallen to the ground in front of him . 
 the creature looked smaller than it had before . 
 she stared at the shadow for several seconds before determining the difference . 
 it was n't the beast anymore , but a man . 
 the man began to stir . 
 tom circled around it , pointing the rifle . 
 `` stay the fuck down ! '' 
 he ordered . 
 the man sat up , clenching his head in his hands . 
 his clothing was almost nonexistent ; his body was littered with wounds . 
 when he removed his hands from his face , abby let out a gasp . 
 `` rob ? '' 
 `` abby ? '' 
 her husband pushed himself off the ground , staggering to his feet . 
 tom stepped back in the snow , still pointing the rifle . 
 `` who the hell is this ? '' 
 `` my husband ! 
 do n't shoot ! '' 
 abby regained her footing and took a step toward him , but her eyes stopped when she caught a glimpse of his face . 
 the man standing before her was her husband , but his face was still wrong . 
 fur still clung in patches to his face , and his ears jutted off his head . 
 `` rob ? 
 i-i thought you were dead , '' she whispered . 
 `` i saw your body ... '' rob wavered from side to side . 
 she saw a glimmer of jagged teeth in his mouth , and when he spoke , his voice was low and guttural . 
 `` that was n't me , abs , '' he said . 
 the image of the body flashed in front of her . 
 she pictured the mutilated remains in the pierces ' backyard -- clothes gone , body ripped to pieces . 
 at the time , she 'd been certain it was her husband . 
 but now she realized it could n't have been . 
 `` who was it , then ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` our new neighbor . '' 
 `` from the end of the road ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` but i thought something was wrong with him ... he was n't moving ... he would n't wave ... '' `` he was in shock . 
 he 'd already seen one of us feeding . '' 
 that meant rob had -- `` y-you killed him . 
 you killed leon and adeline ... '' tom sprang from the shadows , jabbing his rifle at rob 's head . 
 `` and you killed lorena ! 
 you son of a bitch ! '' 
 rob bowed his head , refusing to meet the man 's gaze . 
 abby stared at her husband , still in shock . 
 was he sick ? 
 diseased ? 
 maybe this was n't his fault . 
 maybe something had taken hold of him that he could n't control , and he was as much a victim as anyone else . 
 there had to be an explanation ... `` what 's going on , rob ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` this is the great storm , abs . 
 the one we 've been waiting for . '' 
 `` the one who 's been waiting for ? '' 
 `` us . 
 all of us . '' 
 he lifted his hands in the air . 
 something howled in the distance , and abby 's hands tightened on the pistol . 
 she looked over at tom just in time to see him squeeze the trigger of the rifle . 
 her heart crashed in her chest . 
 the gun clicked , empty . 
 `` goddamit ! '' 
 tom yelled . 
 he backed away , losing his grip on the rifle . 
 `` what the hell are you ? '' 
 abby whispered , tears streaking her face . 
 `` i 'm what i 'm supposed to be . 
 the same thing you 'll be soon . '' 
 rob 's head cocked to the side , studying her . 
 she followed his red eyes down to the wound on her leg . 
 the wound he 'd given her . 
 he bared his teeth . 
 `` i told you i 'd always take care of you , abs . 
 and i meant it . '' 
 `` no , '' she whispered . 
 `` why do you think we moved up north ? 
 we made it just in time . '' 
 she pictured the beast chasing her through the neighborhood . 
 she 'd always been one step ahead , one step from death . 
 but only because he 'd allowed it . 
 he 'd wanted her alive . 
 he 'd wanted to change her . 
 `` i ca n't , '' she said , tears forming in the corners of her eyes . 
 `` i ca n't do this . '' 
 `` we 'll start over , for real this time . 
 we 'll be free . '' 
 abby pointed the pistol at his face , searching for signs of the man she 'd loved , but all she could see were reminders of the beast . 
 her eyes wandered back to lorena 's gutted body , and she felt sick once again . 
 `` you 're disgusting , '' she said . 
 rob growled . 
 `` how could you kill these people ? '' 
 `` to be fair , i did n't kill leon or adeline . 
 that must 've been one of the others . '' 
 rob 's head twitched . 
 `` but i would have . 
 if i 'd gotten to them first . '' 
 `` you 're sick . '' 
 `` i am what i am . 
 i 've accepted it . 
 so should you . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she took a step forward , solidifying her aim . 
 the tears were flowing again , and she blinked them back . 
 rob 's body was unmarked . 
 it was as if the gunshot wounds tom had inflicted had already healed . 
 she might not be able to kill rob with the gun . 
 but she 'd sure as hell try . 
 she was about to squeeze the trigger when her body went into convulsions . 
 abby staggered in the snow , trying to keep her balance . 
 the gun slipped from her grasp , hitting the ground with a thud . 
 this time her entire body felt hot , as if some foreign matter was consuming her . 
 she noticed tom was still backing away from them . 
 his hands shook , and he was barely able to hold the rifle . 
 `` go ! '' 
 she screamed . 
 `` run ! '' 
 rob took a step toward tom , but abby moved to intercept him , placing her body in the way . 
 her head was filled with pressure . 
 her skin felt raw and elastic . 
 she opened her mouth to warn him to stay back , but all that came out was a snarl . 
 tom fled through the trees . 
 before rob could pursue him , abby leapt at her husband , fangs bared . 
 chapter sixteen two furred bodies collided . 
 in the instant abby leapt at rob , he 'd shifted into the beast as well , and he emitted a glottal roar as they collapsed into the snow . 
 abby 's mind was filled with a string of images and noise . 
 although she could still think , her body felt like it had been usurped by some higher power , taken over by some instinct she could n't understand . 
 her senses overwhelmed her as she grappled . 
 she could smell lorena 's blood in her nose . 
 tom 's sweat as he fled through the forest . 
 the musk of her transformed skin . 
 and above it all , she could smell rob 's breath , laced with the blood of the people he 'd killed . 
 the stench was on his breath and his claws , and she huffed it in as she fought against him , reminding herself of the things he had done . 
 they rolled across the snow in a heap , each of them clawing and tearing , each trying to get a handhold . 
 the pain in abby 's leg had subsided into the background , allowing her to focus . 
 several times she tried to speak , but nothing came out -- only a growl . 
 her body was larger , different than before , and she had to work to control it . 
 after several seconds of struggle , she managed to roll on top of rob , and he bucked and writhed beneath her . 
 she pressed against him with the weight of her body . 
 she glared at the beast below her . 
 his eyes blazed red , and he stared at her as if she were nothing more than prey . 
 although abby was bigger than she 'd been before , rob was stronger , and he hurled her backward and onto the snow . 
 abby sank into the powder , her fur matted white . 
 ice clung to her fur and paws . 
 she realized she was no longer cold . 
 the sting of the elements had disappeared after her transformation , as if she was born and bred for the snow . 
 a snarl drew her attention . 
 she rolled to the side just in time to avoid rob 's lunging body , and he sank to the earth next to her . 
 she could hear his heartbeat in his chest , and the thump was so loud that for a second she thought it was her own . 
 she took to her feet and faced him , but rob had already regained his balance . 
 the two wolves circled each other , hands outstretched , maws open , as if adhering to some ancient ritual . 
 abby 's eyes penetrated the darkness , searching for an opening . 
 across from her , her husband did the same . 
 the snow parted and churned beneath their feet . 
 rob took a menacing swipe , and she ducked to the side , narrowly avoiding it . 
 she returned with a swipe of her own . 
 they continued the dance for almost a minute , testing each other , each of them waiting for the opportunity to lunge . 
 abby 's mind was consumed by the battle . 
 in just a few minutes , she 'd forgotten about the people her husband had killed , and her mind was fixated on the opponent across from her . 
 it was as if her brain had made the decision to kill , and all that was left was for her body to carry out the orders . 
 somewhere in her subconscious , she could smell burned rubber . 
 tom had reached the car , and was doing his best to free the tires . 
 rob sniffed the air , as if he , too , sensed the man escaping . 
 out of nowhere , abby 's eyes flitted to lorena 's corpse . 
 the coppery odor of blood filled her nasal cavity , drifting into her mouth . 
 this time , instead of making her sick , the scent made her hungry . 
 she stared back at her husband . 
 although his claws still hung in the air , she noticed he 'd taken a step backward . 
 no words had passed between them , but his message seemed to hang in the air . 
 join me . 
 her nostrils flared , and suddenly she could smell the scent of a dozen other wolves lurking through the forest . 
 it was as if they 'd been hovering close by , waiting for her to accept his invitation . 
 her mind spun , a revolving wheel of thoughts that spanned the length of her life . 
 she saw her first kiss , her high school graduation , the day she 'd met rob . 
 her mind hung on that last memory , and she felt something stir deep within her . 
 this did n't have to be the end . 
 it could be the beginning . 
 join me . 
 join us . 
 abby felt a swell of emotions building inside her . 
 despite her best efforts , she was losing the battle . 
 her fists clenched and unclenched , and her claws dug into her skin . 
 the scent of lorena 's body next to her was driving her to madness , and she needed to act , needed to do something . 
 abby let out a guttural roar , bellowing into the air and into the trees around her . 
 her husband took a step toward where tom had fled . 
 abby 's eyes wandered back to his , but she did n't move . 
 she could n't do this . 
 she could n't be this . 
 with a snarl , she lunged at her husband . 
 abby put her full weight into the pounce , and suddenly rob was beneath her . 
 she tore at her husband , ripping into his face , his skin , hoping to peel back what she 'd become . 
 she felt the hot spurt of blood hit her face , but instead of recoiling , she reveled in it , biting and scratching and tearing until the thing beneath her was little more than a pulp , a tattered carpet of fur and skin . 
 she could taste the texture of flesh in her mouth , and she rolled it on her tongue , then spat it out , fighting the impulse to swallow . 
 she continued tearing at him even as the rest of the pack sprang from the trees around her , ripping into her sides and shredding her skin . 
 she was surrounded . 
 no way out . 
 she tried to fight them off , but the creatures had her flanked on all sides . 
 she saw blobs of fur and eyes , glimmers of teeth and claws , and pain exploded through her body . 
 her limbs were useless and limp . 
 despite her struggle , abby 's consciousness began to slip . 
 with the last of her energy , she let out one final roar -- for herself , for her husband , and for all the people she was powerless to save . 
 the last thing she heard was tom 's car in the distance . 
 the tires whirred as it sped off down the road . 
 at least one of us got away ... read on for a preview of outage 2 : the awakening available now ! 
 preview of outage 2 : the awakening prologue tom sotheby pounded the wheel of the suv , his eyes alternating between the forest and the road . 
 he revved the accelerator , listening to the tires scream , but the vehicle remained hopelessly stuck in the snow . 
 he was n't safe . 
 not yet . 
 `` come on , you piece of shit ! '' 
 growls and commotion spit from the trees , reminding him of the grisly scene he 'd just escaped . 
 he let his foot off the gas pedal , then stomped it again . 
 the wheels spun . 
 even if he survived the night , he had no idea what would become of him . 
 his wife lorena was dead . 
 gutted like a piece of meat . 
 and he was next . 
 i ca n't believe lorena 's gone ... and so was abby . 
 he felt a pang of sorrow for the girl he 'd rescued . 
 she 'd been one of them . 
 she 'd been bitten , and she 'd turned . 
 in the throes of her transformation , she 'd thrown herself into the fray and traded her life for tom 's . 
 he could n't let that be in vain . 
 he dried his tears and glanced at the passenger 's seat , eyeing the rifle he 'd managed to salvage . 
 the gun was empty . 
 even if it were loaded , it 'd be useless against the creatures in the forest . 
 he 'd already spent his ammunition and failed . 
 he had no extra rounds . 
 what the hell were these things ? 
 he 'd never seen anything like them . 
 from what he could tell , they used to be human , but they 'd become something else -- beasts with claws and fur , elongated noses , and pointed teeth . 
 animals birthed for hunting . 
 he toggled between reverse and drive . 
 the suv lurched back and forth . 
 the road was bathed in snow -- eight inches , if he had to guess . 
 it 'd been difficult to drive a half hour ago , and it was even harder now . 
 he stared through the cracked windshield , watching snow spit from the sky . 
 the wipers scraped back and forth over fractured glass . 
 squeak ... squeak ... `` come on ! '' 
 the four-wheel-drive was engaged . 
 even with the extra power , the suv would n't move . 
 tom peered through the driver 's side window , certain the beasts were almost upon him . 
 the noise in the forest had ceased . 
 the things had already succeeded in ripping apart abby , the only other survivor he 'd met . 
 they 'd be coming for him next . 
 tom revved the gas again . 
 if he could n't get the suv moving , he 'd head out on foot . 
 there was little hope he 'd outrun the beasts , but he 'd damn well try . 
 sweat trickled from his brow and adhered to his face . 
 he could see his breath in front of him . 
 even with the heat on , the vehicle was freezing -- the cold pored through the cracks in the windshield , and it fought against the warmth . 
 the tires spun . 
 tom gritted his teeth and grabbed for the empty rifle . 
 he reached for the door handle , ready to flee . 
 he stopped when he saw what was waiting . 
 a pack of shadows had emerged from the forest . 
 he saw a glimmer of red eyes , the glint of teeth and claws . 
 the beasts raced toward him . 
 he drew back and mashed the door lock button , then shifted into drive . 
 he dropped the rifle in his lap . 
 slammed the gas pedal . 
 move , you son of a bitch ! 
 the vehicle climbed and stopped , climbed and stopped . 
 the beasts were three hundred feet away , spewing from the forest like ants from a dirt mound . 
 he watched as they loped faster , gaining ground . 
 tom pushed the pedal to the floor . 
 `` goddammit ! 
 if this thing would just -- '' the vehicle lurched . 
 miraculously , the tires grabbed the snow and stuck , and suddenly the suv was rolling down the snow-blanketed street . 
 tom 's heart pumped faster with each rotation of the tires . 
 holy shit ... the things veered from the woods to the road . 
 closing in . 
 tom could n't tell how many there were . 
 at the moment , they were nothing more than a myriad of shadows , a legion of creatures that seemed like they 'd come from hell to take him . 
 maybe he was in hell . 
 he could think of no better explanation . 
 the world had transformed from something he knew to something he did n't . 
 gone were the familiar , paved streets that he 'd known ; all that was left was this barren white tundra -- the perfect killing ground for the beasts . 
 the suv gained momentum , but not fast enough . 
 tom heard a scraping sound along the driver 's door , and he looked over to find a furred hand at the window . 
 he cried out and let go of the steering wheel , instinctively protecting his face . 
 the thing clawed at the pane , raking its nails along the slippery glass . 
 `` get away from me ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 he snatched the empty rifle from his lap . 
 he knew it would n't do him any good , but his instincts had taken over , and they screamed at him to do something . 
 he held the weapon against the window , as if the mere sight of it would dissuade the beast , but the thing continued to scratch the glass . 
 its eyes were red and inhuman . 
 the vehicle picked up momentum , and tom fought to stay on the road . 
 the thing growled at him through the window . 
 after a few more moments , the beast slipped from the car . 
 the rest of the creatures lagged behind . 
 he stared at them in the rearview mirror -- dark demons with red eyes . 
 watching . 
 waiting . 
 their motives were simple : they would n't rest until they got to him . 
 and when they did , they 'd rip him apart . 
 available now ! 
 about the author : t.w. piperbrook was born and raised in connecticut , where he can still be found today . 
 he is the author of outage and the contamination series . 
 in addition to writing , the author has spent time as a full-time touring musician , touring across the us , canada , and europe . 
 he now lives with his wife , a son , and the spirit of his boston terrier . 
 ** reviews ** if you enjoyed outage , please leave a review on your favorite retailer 's site . 
 leaving a review ensures your favorite sports team will make the playoffs . 
 okay , that 's not true . 
 but i 'd really appreciate it ! 
 if you have any questions or comments , you can connect with me at the places below . 
 i 'd love to hear from you ! 
 thanks so much for reading ! 
 email : twpiperbrook@gmail.com website : www.twpiperbrook.com add me on facebook : t.w. piperbrook want to know when the next book is coming out ? 
 sign up for new release alerts at : http://eepurl.com/qy_sh also available by t.w. piperbrook : contamination zombie series : contamination prequel contamination 1 : the onset contamination 2 : crossroads contamination 3 : wasteland contamination 4 : escape contamination 5 : survival contamination 6 : sanctuary werewolf suspense series : outage outage 2 : the awakening 
