 my name is karmyll . 
 i 'm adopted . 
 i knew i was adopted from the day we had a school play and i saw how pretty my sister was with her vibrant blue eyes and soft black hair flowing on her back . 
 i have green eyes and brown hair . 
 but , it was nice of my family to try and keep it a secret , my sister , though , insists that we are sisters and i love her for that . 
 my adoptive parents told me my real parents just gave me to them and ran away . 
 when they asked why , they said it was for my safety . 
 i thought i would understand someday but , i still wonder what they are protecting me from ? 
 and there i had a gut feeling there 's something bound to change me . 
 who am i ? 
 by krystianne diane labay smashwords edition copyright © 2014 krystianne diane labay smashwords edition , licensenotes this ebook is lisenced for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be resold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 dedication to karmyll , you have inspired me to make this book . 
 without you i would have never done it . 
 chapter one class sucks , i think everybody knows that except the teacher . 
 the clock moves and every time it ticks it 's like time is moving slower and slower . 
 professor baldin , is so boring with his lectures . 
 it 's like it will never end , his bald head and chubby frame made him a new nick name in class as professor baldy . 
 it seems funnier when he responded to his nick name like he did n't hear it wrong . 
 bell rings and i hurry to the door until the speakers of the school went on . 
 it 's the principal again , using her fancy microphone to make another announcement . 
 `` i would like to call ms. karmyll debonair to the office . 
 thank you . '' 
 my whole body twitches and my whole week replays in my mind looking for any happening that would 've bought me a ticket in her office . 
 i stood staring at nothing while my mind works its replays . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 then there 's a bump on my hip when my best friend came . 
 `` hey diane '' i say in a i 'm - ignoring-you kind of way , my mind was too busy replaying . 
 `` hey , do n't over think it . 
 it 's probably your turn in the ` new student help him find his class system ' just relax i 'm thinking of going there with you just as she said karmyll '' she said it with all ease . 
 i love her for this . 
 did i forget to mention she 's also my sister . 
 well just because she 's my sister does n't mean she ca n't be my best friend now , can she ? 
 `` yeah you 're probably right . 
 let 's go '' . 
 we walked through the hallways like we were being chased . 
 when we finally came in front of the door i suddenly became nervous that actually almost hyperventilated on the spot . 
 diane gave me my inhaler , held my shoulders so i would stop shaking and looks into my eyes . 
 `` you did n't do anything wrong . 
 delinquents could 've probably but you ? 
 never , so relax and i 'll wait out here okay ? '' 
 i stare at her blue ever-so-clear eyes full of concern , love and worry . 
 `` all right . 
 do n't leave me okay ? '' 
 i 've always had her beside me that i do n't remember a single day , after i confirmed that i was adopted , that she left me high and dry . 
 she became my safety wall . 
 my barrier . 
 my guard . 
 she never once let me down and she promised she never will . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'll be right here observing those teachers who harass us students by giving us quizzes , seat works and the exhausting exams . '' 
 she says with the ugh sound ending it all . 
 i walk inside the office and found madam principal sitting on her leather chair while another student is occupying the left guest seat . 
 i figured diane was right it is the nss , i feel so relieved knowing that . 
 i stood in front of her desk . 
 `` you would like to see me madam principal ? '' 
 i ask and she gestures me to sit down . 
 `` your name was on the nss program and it 's your turn to help him . 
 his name is blake winters . 
 he 's from luxembourg and i hope you would make sure he 's well acquainted with the school . '' 
 `` yes madam '' . 
 his brown shaggy hair , white complexion and broad frame made me look so tiny beside him . 
 `` a pleasure '' he says as he gives me his hand for a hand shake . 
 i took his hand and his grip was firm , very manly i would say . 
 `` you too '' i say `` lead him to his class and go to yours after . '' 
 `` yes madam '' and we 're off . 
 chapter two blake and i left the office . 
 i see diane sitting on the bench completely paranoid with the teachers around her . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i said with full relief . 
 `` hey , what did the dragon want this ti - ... well hello there . 
 have n't seen you before , what 's your name ? '' 
 oh yeah , i forgot about him . 
 but really diane you could 've noticed him first you know . 
 `` oh yeah , blake winters this is my friend and sister diane debonair . 
 she 's here to help you too in case you ca n't find me or grow bored of me '' i giggle at the thought . 
 `` hi blake , welcome , i hope you 'll do well here . '' 
 they shake hands like civilized people and i can see in diane 's eyes that she 's so not interested in him , but i on the other hand am different story . 
 `` a pleasure to meet you too '' , he looks at her too closely like he 's inspecting her face . 
 `` have we met before ? '' 
 i stare at her and she looks as bewildered as i am . 
 i mean , what in library 's name was that ? 
 ` have we met before my butt ' she does n't even have a clue . 
 well this might be interesting . 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't quite catch that . '' 
 `` you look oddly familiar , have you been to luxembourg ? '' 
 what kind of question is that ? 
 i 'll just stay calm and watch them work it out when we get home she need a lot of explaining to do . 
 `` no , i have n't '' `` well have you been in shakespeare workshop ? '' '' 
 omg , yes , how do you know that ? '' '' 
 i knew it , you were juliet in the play , i was benvolio but it seems you have forgotten . '' 
 what ? 
 i ca n't really grasp what this dude 's game here . 
 they were in the same workshop , so what , diane looks like her brain is going to explode trying to remember , by the way she 's the people pleaser type so she wo n't make you feel bad , like ever . 
 i think it 's time for me to butt in . 
 `` okay , we better get going before were late in our classes . '' 
 diane gives me the thank-you-for-saving-me look , well the least i could do today for her anyway . 
 she likes to fuss over me . 
 `` very well . 
 i 'll see you ladies later after class then ? 
 do n't get me wrong , its to accompany me to my next class . '' 
 `` yeah i got it . 
 let 's go '' i push him towards the hallway to his class and diane follows , after the next turn we wave goodbye and went to our own classes . 
 at least i 'm sure i wo n't sleep on this class its math class . 
 i have to make sure i do n't sleep or else either i 'll fail and never graduate or get a stuck up tutor . 
 either way i 'm good with numbers but i just loose it when there 's a timer . 
 well whatever , let 's just get this over with . 
 chapter three here comes professor genivive . 
 she 's a really good physics and math teacher , also effective i may say . 
 she gives us a lot of consideration and she 's also a cool mom to her kids . 
 she 's like one of us teens . 
 she dislikes some of the faculty we do n't like , she knows all the `` typical-teen-problems '' , she hangs out with us , it was weird at first but we got her point anyway , what i like the most , she has experienced more than any of us . 
 in short , she gives us advice , sometimes useful and sometimes nonsense . 
 `` ms. debonair , care to join back from dream world ? '' 
 huh ? 
 was i day dreaming ? 
 that never happens in her class ... what 's happening to me ? 
 maybe if i eat chocolate , i 'll go back to normal . 
 `` sorry ma'am . 
 i wo n't do it again '' and i mean that . 
 bell rings , signalling lunch time , off to the cafeteria and get all the details out from diane and blake . 
 oh which reminds me , i got ta get him from class . 
 but does n't he know how to make friends ? 
 i mean c'mon , the dude 's a high school senior not a kindergarten . 
 well better check anyways , the dudes my responsibility . 
 i walk down the hall , text diane to wait in our usual table and we 'll just share lunch , by the way we do n't eat much . 
 i do n't know why but that 's what we do , ever since we were playing and for some childish reason she bit me , that 's when our diet became like just all meat , if there 's no meat we do n't eat . 
 but we try as much as possible to eat anything other than meat , such a weird diet for two somehow not-so-skinny yet visible bodied girls . 
 i walk down the halls and found blake he looks socially comfortable with the jocks around him . 
 he 's probably recruited for varsity already . 
 he sees me and waves at me , i looked behind me and wave back . 
 ca n't be too sure he 's waving at me or some other person behind me . 
 he jogs to where i am , `` i was going to grab lunch with the guys . 
 that okay with you ? 
 i mean , i 'm your responsibility and all just wan na check in if its alright with you . '' 
 wow . 
 seriously , this guy has it going on . 
 asking for my permission or at least that 's what it looks like . 
 maybe i should make my move , you know to keep in touch with him . 
 but how do i do it like i do n't really care but i do kind of way ? 
 `` oh , yeah its alright with me . 
 just text me when you need help with your classes . 
 that 's if you have a phone . '' 
 `` i have a phone , mind you , i 'm a new student not a caveman . 
 here , give me your phone i 'll put it in . '' 
 i got ta hand it to him , he 's pretty funny with the new student-caveman thing . 
 i give my phone to him and i see , for what its worth , i 'm super surprised we have the same phone ! 
 he types super fast , probably a texting maniac where he came from . 
 he gives me back my phone kinda sweaty , must be hard typing all those numbers . 
 one finger per number . 
 i giggle at my own joke , mentally of course . 
 `` now you can call , text and email me . 
 i even placed my address there i case you need it . '' 
 i wo n't say creepy with the last one but did he really need to give me all his info just to contact him ? 
 `` okay then . 
 here 's my number , wait i 'll put it in for you . '' 
 `` sure , here you go . '' 
 our phones may be the same but i still think mine is better . 
 `` there you go . 
 now you can only call or text me . 
 that 's as far as i go . 
 see you then '' i turn around going to the cafeteria when this jock who was , i do n't know behind me while i was talking to blake or he just popped out of nowhere , blocked my way and hit my head on his chest , its kinda sturdy if you ask me . 
 coach must be really proud on how built this guy is . 
 `` sorry '' i said in a soft voice . 
 i kinda do n't ever wan na see this dude ever again . 
 `` its alright karmyll . 
 hey blake let 's go ! '' 
 my eyes widened , caught in surprise again . 
 i walked around him and left , after a few steps away from them i looked back and saw jay bolt . 
 he 's the quarter back of the football team , the leader in their team and a lady - killer , not literally but a casanova kind , and he knows my name . 
 we 've been classmates since middle school yet this is the very first time he talked to me . 
 and he freakin knows my name , got ta tell diane about this . 
 oh shoot i almost forgot about her . 
 i ran super fast down the halls to the cafeteria , i look at the digital clock in my phone , it has the hours : minutes : seconds thing . 
 what ? 
 30 seconds ! 
 that 's impossible , what in library 's name is wrong with me ? 
 i saw diane sitting in our usual , as i walked going to her , her eye color changed from those sparkling blue to dangerous ruby . 
 i stopped and looked at her again , she saw me this time smiled and waved at me and her eye color was blue again . 
 chapter four there was obviously something wrong in my life . 
 so we had lunch , i had to let the eye colouring thing slide this time . 
 i want to talk about it so bad but we might fight about it or i 'll freak her out . 
 lunch ends and off to gym class . 
 my phone buzzes , i check who texted and what do you know , its blake 's first text to me . 
 `` i have gym class next , i have no idea where to go . '' 
 we have the same class together ? 
 sweet ! 
 `` i thought you were hanging out with a bunch of guys . 
 ca n't they help ? '' 
 i text back . 
 i want to help him a lot but it might look fixated . 
 `` they had their own classes to run to . 
 i 'm by my locker its locker a29 '' he replies . 
 he expects me to pick him up ? 
 fine . 
 i got nothing better to do anyway . 
 `` sure i 'm on my way there . 
 be sure you have your gym clothes with you . 
 we have basketball for p.e. '' i reply `` okay , got it . 
 i 'll just wait here . '' 
 i texts back ending our conversation . 
 i got to his locker and what the ?! 
 `` what are you wearing ! 
 i said be sure to have your gym clothes , why are dressed like that ? '' 
 i shout in a whisper since classes were already going on except p.e they give at least 10 minutes for the student to change . 
 he 's wearing his black undershirt , from the looks of it , its cotton for sure , jogging pants , rubber shoes and his duffel bag . 
 `` i got bored waiting for you so i changed before you even got here . '' 
 huh , that makes sense . 
 well even though , he should be imprisoned already ! 
 he 's way too good looking for the law . 
 maybe the law could even exempt him from punishment , for being too hot . 
 his biceps are toned , broad shoulders , attractive brown tousled hair , heart - melting green eyes and a height that could intimidate anyone . 
 `` well there 's a shower room here we can use after gym . '' 
 `` i 'll use that later then . '' 
 `` let 's go i do n't want to be late . 
 coach julian might make us do suicides . 
 i hate running around like an experiment . '' 
 we got to class on time . 
 i even changed clothes super fast even i did n't think was possible . 
 coach julian makes consideration for us girls , since his wife had breast cancer ; he made sure we were protected in areas that were easily targeted . 
 the guys however , he was pretty strict with them always . 
 `` choose your partners and begin the ball passing exercises '' i was going near holly to make her my partner when i felt a hand on my wrist . 
 i looked back and saw blake holding me . 
 `` sorry , i do n't know anyone here . 
 will you please be my partner ? '' 
 i see something in his eyes i 'm not really sure what it is but he looks kinda cute begging like this . 
 ah , i think it 's the puppy pout . 
 it kinda suits him well . 
 `` sure , no one would partner me anyway '' it 's true . 
 i was always the weakest one , slowest one , the one that would bring the team down . 
 unlike diane she was always the leader . 
 she made strategies to make her team win . 
 she supports all her team mates and treats them equally . 
 we began the passing then dribbling and shooting then the ever so useless skill of mine , defence . 
 we had a slow pace when something inside me wanted to jump to the sky like when hancock flies to the city . 
 i moved so fast , it was amazing how blake kept up with me . 
 when i stopped i was n't even breathless . 
 it even shocked me ; my asthma was n't kicking in at all . 
 blake on the other hand was dripping with sweat ; he looks so sweaty yet so hot , like the ones in coca-cola ads . 
 he knelt down trying to relax . 
 i walked up to him to give him some of my water . 
 i kneeled down and looked into his eyes . 
 crap ! 
 his eyes were yellow ! 
 like amber yellow ! 
 first there were diane 's ruby eyes now its blake 's amber eyes ! 
 what in library 's name is happening ? 
 he raised his head and looked back at me , his eyes were green again . 
 how did they do that ? 
 what are they ? 
 that 's so not contacts ; if they were i could 've ordered from them a long time ago . 
 but this , it all looks too natural . 
 if they wo n't tell me when i ask properly i 'll find it out myself . 
 i 've spent my days locked up in the library and searched and searched and searched about eye color changes . 
 i got nothing . 
 nothing , nada , zero . 
 chapter five a month passes and nothing new came out to be . 
 school officially ends , for the day at least . 
 diane picks me up from my locker . 
 `` hey ! 
 ready to go ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` yeah , i just got ta meet blake for awhile . '' 
 `` do you have a date with him ? 
 omg ! 
 why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 `` no not a date , i 'll just check up on him for tomorrow if he 'll be alright . '' 
 wait , why am i explaining myself to her ? 
 `` yeah yeah sure go ! 
 i 'll wait here . '' 
 `` okay . 
 but we need to talk seriously later okay ? '' 
 i have to know what her eyes had going on . 
 `` okay you got me i took your ipod and got it a little wet when i was washing dishes , but i placed it back ! 
 i swear i did n't break it . '' 
 she confesses . 
 `` it 's not ab - you what ? 
 whatever , you 're forgiven . 
 just talk . 
 later . 
 okay ? 
 wait here . '' 
 she did say sorry , but that 's not important right now . 
 i need to know what happened to her eyes . 
 but before that i need to check up on him . 
 i ran through the hallway and saw him . 
 my heart thumped as soon as i walked up to him . 
 will i always be like this whenever i see him ? 
 gosh , i need to sort out the eye thing first before i fall hard for this dude . 
 `` hey , blake ! '' 
 i walk to him and saw something in his locker . 
 crap ! 
 is that my picture ?! 
 what 's that other picture ? 
 a wolf ? 
 angel ? 
 vampire ? 
 what the hell ? 
 he just got here still fresh from the outside territories and he 's pimped his locker already ? 
 `` hey there '' he says . 
 in a hurry closing his locker . 
 okay , that 's weird . 
 he 's got a secret and i wan na find out , but i 'll take it easy on him first . 
 `` you okay going alone tomorrow ? '' 
 i ask cause with school and the mysterious eye thing i 'll probably still bury myself in the library , but i 'm not gon na explain myself to him . 
 `` yeah , i asked your friend if she can help me around when you 're busy '' he said . 
 `` my friend , meaning , diane ? '' 
 i queer `` yeah , that 's her name ! '' 
 he says and with that i suddenly became angry , frustrated and that gut busting feeling is consuming me . 
 oooh , the green monster in me is taking over . 
 `` oh really '' she 's not interested but she might end up liking him . 
 i liked this guy as soon as i saw him and i 'm not letting that chance go . 
 `` if you need me just call or text me . 
 you can always find me in the library '' what the heck did i just say ? 
 am i offering myself to him ? 
 gross karmyll ! 
 pull yourself together girl ! 
 `` i 'm sure i 'll find you . '' 
 what ? 
 what does that mean ? 
 ugh , this is so confusing . 
 stupid heart with its stupid i-know-this-guy feeling . 
 `` so , i 'll see you around ? '' 
 i say making my voice less obvious that i like him . 
 `` yeah , i 'll see you around . 
 oh i forgot , i 'm new in this town and i need a few more things at home . 
 could you show me around town ? '' 
 is he asking me on a date or to chaperone him to town ? 
 oh , stupid me just say yes ! 
 `` sure , when ? '' 
 `` tomorrows friday , is that cool with you ? '' 
 friday ? 
 i 'm not busy , i do n't have a social life beyond my classes a few others and diane . 
 so what the heck , the research thing could wait . 
 i could even observe them for more eye transforming thing . 
 `` sure , i 'll go ... with you . '' 
 am i blushing ? 
 crap , no ! 
 `` nice , i 'll see you then . '' 
 he walked past me and left . 
 he seems so weird and sweet . 
 i went back to my locker where i made diane wait , she 's looking in her mirror and as soon as she saw me she kept her mirror and hid her eyes . 
 i ran to her and check up on her . 
 her eyes are red again ! 
 oh my god , i 'll just pretend i did n't see it so she wo n't freak out . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` no , uh , yeah , i uh , just go home first . 
 i 'll - just , i 'll ... bye ! '' 
 with that , she ran out with , what ? 
 what the ? 
 blake is running after her ! 
 i run out of the school and saw no one . 
 i did n't even realize night had fallen already chapter six its friday morning , diane did n't come home last night . 
 i 've waited and waited till it was 3 in the morning and still no sign of her . 
 i 'm both worried and angry with her . 
 angry for ditching me yesterday and worried for not coming home . 
 but either way , i have to go to school , so i got up from the sofa bed in the living room and ran to my room . 
 i bathed and slipped on a black t-shirt , jeans and my over used rubber shoes . 
 grabbed my backpack and slid into my car . 
 i got to school in time , hurried to my locker and ran to diane 's locker . 
 i open her locker and her bag is here , that means she 's here ! 
 i close her locker , turned around and i felt heavy breathing behind me . 
 god ! 
 its blake ! 
 he 's wearing the same thing as me . 
 `` hey , uh are we still on for today ? '' 
 he 's asking if we 're still going , dang it heart would you stop beating too loud ? 
 `` yeah were good . 
 hey have you seen diane ? 
 she did n't come home last night . '' 
 i ask hoping there will be a reasonable answer . 
 `` uh ... i did n't see her since yesterday . '' 
 crap , he hesitated ! 
 he knows something . 
 `` okay then . 
 see you later . '' 
 with that said i left him and got to class . 
 thank god , i did n't have any gym today . 
 i did n't see diane all day , i call her phone and another person answers . 
 `` hello , diane ? '' 
 i ask cautiously . 
 `` she is n't well right now , can you leave a message ? '' 
 another female voice answers , she does n't even sound familiar . 
 `` may i know who 's speaking ? '' 
 `` this is olivia hemmington , may i know who this is ? '' 
 who the heck is olivia hemmington ? 
 i scan my brain for my classmates and schoolmates . 
 none . 
 `` its karmyll debonair , her sister , could you tell me where she is ? '' . 
 this polite gig is starting to get annoying . 
 `` she 's somewhere safe , please do n't worry . '' 
 she ends the call , just like that . 
 i need to know where she is ! 
 is she bleeding ? 
 crying ? 
 sulking ? 
 what does ` she is n't well ' mean ? 
 this is so annoying , i need to go home schools done anyway . 
 i forgot , its `` accompany blake to different furnishing stores '' today . 
 `` blake ! '' 
 he 's standing right behind me , i did n't even hear him or anything ! 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 he asks , i really want to say ` ready to look for my sister ? 
 yeah let 's go ! 
 but furniture ? 
 i 'll let the elderly pick for you . ' 
 `` yeah let 's go . '' 
 i say unenthusiastically . 
 he reaches for my hand and i stare at it . 
 i freakin stare at it . 
 i do n't know what he wants to do ! 
 hold my hand ? 
 we barely know each other but he feels just so familiar . 
 the heck i 'll just ask . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i 'll carry your bag or if you 're not comfortable without it , its fine by me . '' 
 oh , my bag ... i did n't expect that coming . 
 `` huh , seems like chivalry did n't die in the eighteenth century '' i give him my bag and walked with him out of the school building . 
 i start heading to my car , he follows me , i open my car and he immediately places my bag in the back seat . 
 `` so , got a ride to town ? '' 
 i asked wondering if he has a car . '' 
 nope , i usually just walk . '' 
 really ? 
 no wonder his legs are toned . 
 `` hop in . 
 we 'll go with my car '' oh my gosh a hot guy is with me in my car ! 
 dream come true , how i wish diane was here to fan girl with me . 
 `` sure no prob . '' 
 he goes in when my phone rings . 
 its diane . 
 chapter seven `` where in libraries ' name are you ? '' 
 i shout at the phone , ignoring the fact that blake is there with me . 
 `` i 'm home now , i called mom and dad . 
 told them where i was and i 'll tell you later after your date . '' 
 i can feel it through the phone she 's winking at me . 
 `` we 'll finish up early , i need a really long talk with you starting with ` who the heck is olivia hemmington ' . 
 see you . '' 
 `` see you '' she hang up just like that . 
 what is it with people hanging up on me ? 
 seriously i need some answers here . 
 her bag is in school but i did n't see her the whole day , now she 's home and did n't even give me any heads up she 's going home ahead ? 
 this is so messed up . 
 i need her to tell me things and so does blake . 
 `` was that diane ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` yeah , she 's safe at home . '' 
 `` well that 's good to hear , its kinda stressful seeing you all stressed . '' 
 oh my goodness ! 
 is he doing what i think he 's doing ? 
 is he flirting with me ? 
 wait , i might be just assuming the kindness in his deep baritone voice . 
 snap out of it and say something ! 
 `` thanks , let 's go . '' 
 we end shopping early as i promised my sister to get home fast . 
 we bought a white leather sofa-bed that could have at least 3 average sized people on it and a glassed round table for his living room apartment . 
 he 'll have it delivered tomorrow since it will be saturday , tgif for that . 
 i drove him to a seriously creepy street , it was foggy and filled with dead trees and through it all was his house . 
 his house looked beyond normal than the street itself . 
 his house was a simple bungalow styled house on a hill , coloured sky blue wooden all over covered by tiled roof , a manicured lawn and bushes on the sides . 
 its too astonishing just to look at it , inside the house would be a mystery . 
 when we reached the iron gate he told me to stop while the gates opened by themselves , i drove past it and reached the main entrance of the house and dropped him there . 
 `` so i 'll see you in class ? '' 
 he says as if unsure he 'll see me again . 
 `` yeah i 'll see you in class , bye '' i say . 
 i drive back home , still creeped out with blake 's street i pull my sweater , that i got in the back of the car , closer to my chin to at least warm me a little . 
 when i reach our drive way i easily sensed diane inside the house . 
 she was n't alone . 
 i was alarmed at who it was inside with her in the house . 
 i turned the engine off , ran to the door and kicked it open . 
 there she is ! 
 on the leather sofa-bed sitting so casually and across her seat was a girl , jet - black hair , super pale skin and unbelievable red ruby eyes . 
 i saw her eyes then immediately pulled diane away from her . 
 `` stay away from her ! '' 
 then it hit me , she also had red ruby eyes ! 
 i let her arm go and ran toward the kitchen counter grabbed a knife and pulled it out in front of me . 
 `` who the hell are you ! 
 what have you done to her ? 
 diane , are you the real diane ? 
 answer me ! '' 
 diane had her eyes back to normal and she came towards me , `` karmyll , calm down . 
 she has n't done anything to me . 
 she 's my friend '' she gestures towards the knife for me to put it down . 
 `` yeah ? 
 if you 're the real diane , what am i craving for ? '' 
 only the real diane would know how to answer that . 
 whenever i ask that she would say , `` you solemnly swear that you are up to no good . '' 
 my eyes widens to how she knew it . 
 with that i believe her , i reluctantly put the knife down but held my grip on it . 
 `` you , '' i glare at the pale girl , `` who the hell are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm olivia hemmington , we spoke before '' . 
 her voice was very calm , not even worried i 'm angry and still holding onto a knife . 
 `` why are you here ? '' 
 i growl . 
 i kept the most important question for last , just one more and i 'll burst my frantic questions like a machine gun at her . 
 her eyes are my only clue to know if she has my wanted answers . 
 `` i came here to keep your sister company . 
 and since you 're here i will take my leave , but you are in hysterics , i will stay so you would not harm anyone with that . '' 
 she looks at the knife i was still holding . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i kept pushing her questions to keep me a bit sane . 
 `` i told you , i am olivia hemmington . 
 a friend of your sister 's . '' 
 a friend of diane was either my friend too or just an acquaintance . 
 but either way i would know them , i look at diane who was nodding her head in agreement as to who she was . 
 `` what are you then ? '' 
 i asked diane finally , if she does n't answer this directly i will seriously lose it . 
 with all the worries and anger i feel right now , its all bulking up in me . 
 `` i am not what you believe to be , but i 'm a supernatural . 
 a ... a black dog . '' 
 i stare at her looking directly at her clear blue eyes , looking for a hint of a joke or sarcasm or anything false . 
 but there were n't any . 
 she held her ground and stare back . 
 `` what part are you in this madness ? '' 
 i accused olivia . 
 i unbelievably said so calmly . 
 `` karmyll , i do n't know if you 'll ever understand but i 'm like her . 
 a supernatural being but i 'm a seer . '' 
 what the hell ? 
 she 's a black dog ?! 
 diane 's a freakin ' black dog ?! 
 now that i seemed to sink the information in , i finally realized why she always craved meat but never got fat , which by the way is the coolest thing ever , and why she could hear from afar and run the fastest among the kids . 
 `` does mom and dad know ? '' 
 i warningly ask , but this means if they knew or not i had to know about it . 
 `` they ... '' she trails of not knowing how to answer me . 
 i grew impatient . 
 `` diane ! 
 do mom and dad know or not ! '' 
 i shout , she shifted her seat and looked straight in my eyes . 
 `` karmyll , they ... they were , i mean , are like us . '' 
 they 're not normal too , why am i just knowing this now ? 
 maybe i was n't suppose to know . 
 maybe they were afraid of me to know or maybe they did n't trust me . 
 i stare at them mindlessly and wanted to sort it all , take it all in but i just ca n't . 
 i would believe the supernatural crap but the thought that they could n't trust me just because i 'm adopted , that really hurt me . 
 `` whatever diane , just glad you 're home . 
 as for you , i do n't even know what to say to you . '' 
 i turned and left them . 
 chapter eight i climbed into my car and started driving to nowhere in mind . 
 as soon as i reached an unknown road i pulled over to a cemetery . 
 i climbed out started to walk through it and suddenly came to a stop to a grave that had an angel that with two wide wings spread out . 
 i hunched down and brushed the leaves away from the grave stone . 
 i stared at it for a really long time and finally woke up as to where i am . 
 ` melany and reynark higgins ' ` to true happiness , you shall meet it in the heavens ' i saw a small plot , maybe its for their kid , and saw its engravings . ' 
 karmyll higgins ' ` to a daughter who will save us all ' karmyll huh ? 
 must be nice to have a friend with the same name . 
 i traced my fingers through the carvings of her name and felt a tremble in my body . 
 from my toes curling up as if in shock , my hands numb and useless as i clawed myself into something to keep my pain , my head swelled up with memories of my real parents . 
 i 'm karmyll higgins . 
 i 've no idea what was happening , i had a body possessed by something i do n't know . 
 lights were coming out of my eyes and i was ... flying , wait more like levitating . 
 i came crashing down and was unconscious . 
 i woke up in a slightly lit room . 
 it was night fall already and i was ... where the hell am i ? 
 i tried to move around but my body felt numb . 
 i still felt the soft sheets against my skin and my head on a soft pillow . 
 i heard a door close , and pretended to sleep . 
 there are two people in the room , i sensed it . 
 `` where 'd you find her ? '' 
 a lady spoke as if she knew me . 
 `` i found her by her parents grave . 
 i ca n't believe she even knew where it is . '' 
 the guy said . 
 i need to see who these people were , but i ca n't move my body or even lift my eyelids , its as if i were in a coma . 
 i tried to analyze who 's voices they belonged to and still could n't put my tongue into it . 
 `` she looks just like her mother when she 's sleeping . 
 god , how i hate them . 
 curse them for killing them . 
 her father did everything he could so it would n't harm her and his wife . '' 
 she sighs in despair . 
 `` how i wish '' she continued `` i could have just gotten there in a nick of time to save them but it was too late . '' 
 what the heck were they talking about ? 
 i know i 'm karmyll higgins but that 's as far as the memories i 've unlocked for the past ... hours ? 
 minutes ? 
 i do n't know how long i 've been out , it could be days . 
 i wiggled to move the sheets as soon as i heard them leave . 
 i sat up , feeling dizzy , i pulled myself out of the bed and started to look around the room . 
 if i leave the room would they hunt me down ? 
 judging from how they talked earlier i do n't think they mean any harm . 
 i touched the walls looking for the light switch and finally opened it . 
 i was in who 's house ? 
 i walked to the near shelf where there were pictures and i stared at them . 
 i picked one picture up and ... my eyes widened , i 'm in blake 's house ! 
 why the hell would i be here !? 
 `` nice to see you up '' startled with his voice i jumped about 10 ft off the ground ! 
 well that 's an exaggeration i just jumped an inch of the floor and returned the picture frame . 
 `` why am i here ? '' 
 i asked without even realizing i said those words . 
 dang it mouth , why ca n't you and my brain ever seem to work together most of the time ? 
 `` i found you asleep in the cemetery , you know i do n't think that 's the best place to camp mostly when you 're unprepared . '' 
 he said while his hands were shoved in his front pocket pants . 
 `` what ? 
 you thought i was camping ? '' 
 i said before i could even process why i 'm here . 
 dang it mouth ! 
 we need a little combo work here okay ? 
 `` sorry , that did n't come out right . '' 
 good mouth , now work well with brain , he might sometimes be a smart-ass but just for today please . 
 `` you should rest '' he said . 
 he did n't even walk to me , he stayed his post on the door frame . 
 he looks so irresistible with the open collar long sleeved shirt and jeans . 
 `` i want to go home . '' 
 i said which is a 50-50 lie and truth . 
 i want to go home because i know i 'm safe there but i also do n't want to go home because of what i just put up with . 
 `` sure , your car 's on the drive way . 
 i brought it home with me when i found you . '' 
 he brought it ? 
 he does n't have a car , that i remember . 
 `` you drove my - wait how 'd you find me ? '' 
 i asked dying to know how . 
 i was in front of the grave stone of my long lost parents how in the freakin universe did he find me ? 
 `` well , i was on my way home and i just found you . '' 
 he 's said avoiding eye contact . 
 he 's hiding something , i can feel it . 
 `` whatever . 
 i need to go now . 
 thanks '' i said as i brushed him off and went down stairs to leave . 
 it was n't that hard to find the exit door . 
 i do n't have time to wonder in his house too . 
 i like him but i need time to know who the hell am i. and all my answers are at home . 
 i pull the door open and strut myself to the drive way . 
 hey , who said i was a shy person ? 
 i only make my fabulous nature pop out when i 'm alone . 
 i got in my car and realized his house is in the middle of now where . 
 chapter nine i remember dropping him off in the creepy street and the supremely normal house but i have no idea where i am . 
 i give up , the gps is n't working and my cell does n't have any signal . 
 i walk right back into the house , now that i stare at it , it looks like a house that was teleported back from the victorian era . 
 `` nice crib '' i say to myself . 
 i knock on the door and found blake standing like guy who really likes door frames . 
 `` knew you 'd come back . '' 
 he says as he gestures me to the living room . 
 when i say living room , it looks like my dream living room . 
 burgundy carpet pooling the floor , a grand piano by the fire place , a wall paper same color as the carpet that looks seductive , a funny term but true , a white leather couch with two same seats at each side and a what 's that ? 
 an ancient painting of ... wait a minute . 
 my eyes widen at the painting beside a window , that 's me and blake . 
 i move around the living room and came directly at the painting . 
 what the hell ? 
 i do n't remember posing for any jane austen painting . 
 suddenly my side becomes warm and i turn to see blake by my side . 
 `` you like it ? '' 
 he says , completely unaware that i 'm super shocked ! 
 in the painting i 'm wearing this elegant dress , it looks like pocahontas 's dress when she went to england to meet the king and blake 's wearing something a king would wear . 
 `` is-uh-is that , '' i hesitated to ask but he interrupts and says `` us ? '' 
 i nod to confirm my end of the question . 
 `` would you believe me if i said yes ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i think after knowing my sister is a supernatural and so is her friend i think the reincarnation bit will make sense , instead i just said `` yes . '' 
 he moves his hand to the small of my back but my instincts kick in i crunched down pulled my swiss knife hidden on my ankle brace and pointed at him , he stared at me . 
 `` i know were suppose to be friends and all , but i have no freaking idea if i should trust you right now . '' 
 he stared and placed his hands up surrendering whatever there is to surrender . 
 `` put that down karmyll higgins ! '' 
 a voice that came from the kitchen that started getting closer and closer . 
 a lady in a simple house dress , well she just broke my if-there 's - a-guest-dress-nicely rule , she looks around forty five in age , all in all looks like an ordinary woman with bad taste in dresses but the cloth looks comfy though . 
 i stare at her and she just stares back pleading for me to put the knife down . 
 i know now ! 
 she 's the other voice in the room earlier . 
 `` how do you know my real name ? '' 
 i shiver when i asked cause i know for certain even my adopted parents do n't know my real name . 
 `` oh sweetie , we know who you are , and what you are . '' 
 she comes to my side but i move away from her reach , wait what does she mean what i am ? 
 oh no , i 'm one of the supernatural beings ? 
 i suddenly remember the lights that came out of my eyes and the sudden numbness of my arms like they were being mold into shapes . 
 `` what do you mean what i am ? '' 
 i finally say , my mouths on a roll . 
 `` i 'm normal , i 'm an average super ordinary adopted girl . 
 i 'm not some reincarnated person '' i say pointing at the painting `` she just looks like me but that 's not me . 
 i 'm normal and i need you to tell me how to get home . '' 
 wow that felt awesome ! 
 but i kinda feel bad flooding out my anger like that to an old woman . 
 she looks at blake then back to me . 
 i stare at both of them , huh i do a lot of staring today do n't i ? 
 `` karmyll '' , she uses my given name this time , i hate endearments unless i got a bf . 
 `` sit down and we 'll talk okay ? 
 put the knife back on your brace and we 'll tell you everything . 
 we 'll answer your questions and blake will drive you home . 
 i 'm your auntie lory blake 's mother '' i sensed mother love all around her like i can read her aura . 
 `` okay . '' 
 i said still freaked out but at least they have answers i 'm begging to know . 
 she leaves and heads for the kitchen , i assume , blake comes to my side and i do n't move he pulls me by my waist and suddenly i just crashed . 
 like my body just broke down on its own when he touched me . 
 `` whoa there , '' he said . 
 my inner punk would have shouted at him and said `` i 'm not a freakin horse dude '' but i chose to keep quiet . 
 i did n't know how exhausted i was till i sat down . 
 auntie lory came out with chocolate chip cookies and a hot choco . 
 she placed them in front and told me to help myself , blake picks one up and gestures me to eat . 
 if he feeding me ? 
 in front of his mom ? 
 true boldness , i see . 
 i shook my head to save myself from embarrassment and just held the hot choco near me . 
 he draped a blanket on my shoulders to keep me from shivering . 
 `` okay dear , '' ugh `` i mean karmyll , '' did she read my thoughts ? 
 or did my face gave it away . 
 `` now that we have you calm , we 'll tell you who and what we are . '' 
 she said straightening her posture , `` we are werewolves . 
 we transform into a wolf , we control it as you should be aware of . '' 
 she explains , `` my husband and i have been very good friends with your parents but sadly they were killed a long time ago . 
 your adoptive parents , faye and herald , have also been our friends for a long time . 
 but they are n't wolves like us they 're - '' `` seers ? '' 
 i interrupted , she looks at me confused . 
 `` yes they are , they foreshadow things to come like destruction , deaths and all tragedy . 
 how did you know ? '' 
 my mind goes blank at the memory but my mouth seems to work `` i confronted diane earlier . 
 she said she was a black dog and her friend 's a seer . '' 
 i managed to say , good work mouth . 
 `` oh she has awakened . 
 that 's good for her , now we need you to awaken too . '' 
 she said staring deep in my plain green eyes . 
 her eyes look like my hot choco , that looks funny . 
 `` what do you mean awaken ? 
 what am i ? '' 
 i say finally convinced with her story . 
 `` well darling '' ugh `` i mean karmyll '' what ? 
 i swear i think she can hear my thoughts . '' 
 no i 'm not reading your thoughts karmyll your face just tells it all . '' 
 oh that explains it . 
 `` i meant to say earlier was , you are the most unique in all of us . 
 you 're either any creature in the world . 
 you 're not only a werewolf but you can shape shift too , you can transform yourself to anyone 's image you desire , most of all you 're a nymph '' okay so i can be a wolf and any human and i 'm most of all a nymph ? 
 holy guacamole i did n't know i was that awesome . 
 `` you only have these 3 gifts which you inherited from your parents , '' i suddenly turned hollow inside when she said ' your parents ' . 
 `` your father was a werewolf and shape shifter , and your mother was a forest nymph . '' 
 oh so they had a love story going on ? 
 man falls for a fairy and shows her his magic and fell in love ? 
 sounds like a book i 'd want to read . 
 `` okay . '' 
 i grabbed two cookies and ate them in one bite . 
 blake looked at me like it was n't a thing a girl would do . 
 i glanced at him and said `` what ? '' 
 with my mouth half full , so not girly . 
 `` nothing , you just seems so relax with all these information coming into you . '' 
 relax ? 
 i 'm freaking out and i do n't know who the hell i am anymore . 
 `` it 's a thing i do . '' 
 i said coolly good i still have my wits with me . 
 seriously the cookies are delicious ! 
 soft and chewy you actually have to chew so slow just to savour the chocolate chip and the soft dough . 
 i grab another couple and ate and ate and ate . 
 i finished my hot choco and blake picked up the empty plate and mug and left . 
 aunt lory moved to my side and suddenly i felt her familiar like i 've been with her all my life but at the same time i just met her . 
 she combs my hair with her fingers and says `` karmyll , you should be cautious about what you are . 
 you ca n't tell anyone what you are , not even your family today , by that i mean the debonair . '' 
 i froze . 
 how will i live in a house keeping a very dark secret . 
 `` yes , auntie lory '' i say continued to a question . 
 `` if you 're a long time friend of my mother , do you know any of my other possible relatives ? '' 
 she looks down and sighs . 
 `` karmyll , the night your parents died was the same day all your relatives were taken by the darkness '' . 
 from my satisfied slight happy mood i turned depressed . 
 `` what 's with my family that they all had to be taken ? '' 
 i asked worried about the answer . 
 she held my hand which was okay since i can trust her , well not fully but i 'll come around one of these days . 
 `` there was a prophecy told by one of the seers that one of the higgins bloodline will destroy the darkness and save all of us . '' 
 that 's gon na be me is n't it ? 
 i recall the grave stone my name was in and auntie lory continued . 
 `` your parents knew about it before darkness told about it . 
 melany gave birth to you 3 days ahead without any problems . 
 she and your father took care of you , loved you with every bit of their hearts . 
 a day before darkness came , your parents sought out a seer for guidance , that seer is your adoptive father , he said they are all in doom . 
 darkness will feed on their souls and leave no one alive . 
 worried as they were they asked us to help them fight the darkness . 
 they left you under a haribanger so that they could avoid all the dangers that lead to you . 
 when the day came that darkness came to your village my family fought for your parents ' sake but it was all too late . 
 i thought we lost you forever . '' 
 she said sobbing beside me . 
 it must have been hard seeing her friends be taken by death and leaving no hope to cling on . 
 that 's just sad . 
 i placed my arm around her to comfort her , i know i would cry now but i ca n't , not with them . 
 blake came and started comforting his mother but placing his arm around her too . 
 `` c'mon mom i think its getting late . 
 karmyll and i have classes tomorrow . 
 i 'll take her home . '' 
 auntie lory stands and wobbles at first then straightens . 
 `` oh , alright then . 
 well off you go then '' she says pulling herself back together , `` karmyll , '' she says `` come back tomorrow okay ? 
 i would greatly appreciate that . '' 
 she says and gestures us to leave . 
 `` i will . '' 
 i promised knowing i have more questions to ask . 
 we leave the house , walked several feet away and i look back again and it looks like the simple bungalow styled house again . 
 `` confused ? '' 
 he says and i nod . 
 `` well normally people would see a simple bungalow house but its just a spell covering the house . 
 its actually a really huge mansion . 
 only the supernatural beings see it . 
 now get in before it gets super late and your parents will worry . '' 
 i step closer to the house and i do see it ! 
 cool ! 
 i hopped in my car and blake drives me home . 
 `` you still did n't tell me how you found me . '' 
 i said to break the silence . 
 `` i told you already . '' 
 he says with less conviction . 
 `` you 're not telling the whole thing . '' 
 i say a little pissed off . 
 `` okay , you really wan na know ? '' 
 he asks and i nod . 
 `` i knew you would be there at that exact place at that time of day . '' 
 i stayed silent , when we reached the house and we saw police cars everywhere . 
 chapter ten i got off my car , ran to the front door with blake holding my hand . 
 wait-what ? 
 he 's holding my hand , if the situation was different i would be fan girling right now but i have to see my parents first . 
 blake pulled me to his side when we finally reached the front door . 
 `` what 's all this ? '' 
 he whispers to my ear , that is a very distracting move young man . 
 `` i do n't know , but i need to see my parents first . '' 
 i said and with that we walked into the house , saw my parents on the sofa weeping like i just died or something . 
 my mom sees me and rushes to hug me . 
 `` oh my goodness ! 
 you 're back ! 
 we 've been worried sick about you , we called the police for help but they could n't track your phone , gps or anything ! '' 
 she looks at my face and hugs me tighter again , my dad just stood there relief washing over his features and came to me and hugged me as well . 
 `` i 'm sorry , this was all my fault . 
 i should 've never ... '' diane speaks behind my dad and trails off , she stood frozen and wrapped herself with her arms to warm her cold freaked out blood . 
 dad places an arm around her assuring her it was n't her fault . 
 mom sees blake and looked at me and him . 
 `` and who might this young man be ? '' 
 shoot ! 
 what am i gon na say ? 
 brain ? 
 mouth ? 
 any excuses ? 
 `` he found me . 
 and brought me home . '' 
 nice one brain ! 
 were totally getting ice cream later for that . 
 mom looks at him and gives him a hug too , `` thank you ! 
 thank you ! 
 bless you my dear boy '' blake just stood there , motionless looks kinda funny though . 
 everything at home settled down , the police were gone , the was dinner waiting for me in the dining room and for some reason blake has n't left yet . 
 mom and dad went to bed , followed by diane , which leaves me and blake at the dinner table . 
 i 'm eating and he 's staring , my phone makes low volume music while i ate and i just need to break the silence . 
 `` so ... why have n't you left yet ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` eager to get rid of me , aye ? '' 
 he said , such a smart-ass . 
 `` we do have school tomorrow , why do n't you just go home and rest . 
 i 'm home and alive . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 did he just say no ? 
 what 's wrong with him ? 
 `` no ? '' 
 i echoed . 
 `` no . '' 
 he said a little too firm on the voice . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 i said a little pissed off right now . 
 `` i finally found the girl meant for me . 
 who 's been coming and going from my dreams . 
 the girl who is my destined mate . 
 you might not know it , but i do . 
 it 's a canine thing y ' know . 
 why do you think there 's a painting of you at home ? 
 you probably thought that was from our past lives , well it was n't , i painted that . 
 i did n't know when or where we 'll ever meet but i swore to myself that on the day i find you and i 'm sure it was really you , i 'm not leaving your side . '' 
 he looks straight into my eyes with the spoon still hanging from my mouth . 
 totally moment wrecker but its less awkward like this . 
 `` okay , so let me get this straight , i 'm your `` destined mate '' and that painting you made was from your dreams only ? '' 
 i looked away from his eyes and stared at my water . 
 `` yes '' now he 's looking through my face , like he 's looking for some approval from me based on what he just said . 
 `` in our supernatural world , i would think that 's amazingly romantic . 
 but blake hear me out , here in the real world those lines belong to a movie . 
 if you look at it real-world way , your just a new kid in school who i was assigned to help . 
 i do n't want to date-date you so fast . 
 and i do n't want to look like i threw myself at you because you 're new . '' 
 i breathed in deep and exhaled . 
 `` look , its a lot to take in and i need to sort something out . 
 and you said you would n't leave my side on the first day ? 
 i do n't think that can happen , you brought me home with my family knowing you 're my hero but it will never settle on them that you stayed with me in my room . '' 
 i sucked in my courage and look in his now green eyes . 
 looks hot ! 
 `` we may be supernatural beings but there 's still a human part in us . '' 
 `` i understand . '' 
 was all that he just said . 
 he took my hand in his , i do n't feel violated in this physical contact , and i felt his warmth wash through me . 
 our hands intertwined and he kissed each knuckle . 
 i feel like crying . 
 this wolf part of me , which is starting to make its presence know to me , wanted to give in and just hug him . 
 i finished washing dishes and walked him out to the door . 
 `` i wish i did n't have to go . '' 
 he said holding onto my hand and looking past over my head . 
 `` then do n't . '' 
 mouth ! 
 what the hell mouth ? 
 you trying to ruin my plans on sleeping pure ? 
 he chuckled and said , `` maybe i will , maybe i wo n't . 
 i 'll still be your mate thought no matter what you do . '' 
 he kisses the top of my head . 
 `` you had a tiring day . 
 i 'll let you sleep now . 
 see you . '' 
 i stared at him as he walked away . 
 but some instinct of mine over powered me i found myself running to him . 
 threw myself at him , hugged and i kissed him . 
 i felt electricity flowing through out my body , he held a firm yet gentle hand on my cheek the other holding onto me like i was going to disappear any moment . 
 i wrapped my arms around his neck , i pulled back . 
 i stared at his amber glowing eyes looking so hungry for my touch . 
 `` wow , that was n't what i expected for our first kiss , but it will do . '' 
 he hugged me tighter wrapping both arms on my waist as i did the same . 
 i rested my forehead on his chest . '' 
 i did n't , i uh ... i 'm sorry . '' 
 i stammered as to what to say . 
 i have no idea what to say . 
 he tucked my hair behind my ear , felt his hand move through my jaw line and finally held on my chin for me to look into his glowing eyes . 
 i saw happiness in them , i was happy too . 
 `` hey its okay . 
 we were gon na do that anyway sooner or later but its great you did it now . '' 
 he pressed his lips against mine but now , more gentle . 
 i love this guy . 
 i do n't know how or why . 
 my other instinct tells me he 's the one . 
 my heart and mind are n't battling each other , they 're actually surrendering to him . 
 this . 
 is . 
 bad . 
 `` hey '' his voice broke my train of thoughts . 
 `` let 's go inside okay ? 
 it 's cold out here . '' 
 he asks still holding on me like i 'll disappear from his dreams . 
 `` okay . '' 
 i heard myself saying . 
 we went to my wonderfully not so messy room . 
 its big and spacious . 
 a bed in the far left side , a small book shelf filled with all y.a. novels next to it . 
 my desk and chair which i like to call my `` office '' sat near the window . 
 my papers covered the desk and my laptop was half open . 
 obvious that i was n't done with my work . 
 scanning my room , he scooped me up and placed me to my bed . 
 he sat on the floor beside me and held my hand . 
 `` hey blake ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 are you going to love me even if i was n't a supernatural ? 
 would you hate me if i killed someone out of my transformations ? 
 is this all just a very bad nightmare ? 
 why do i love you when all i know about you is that you 're a wolf and your name ? 
 i wanted to ask him all that but i 'll keep it to myself till ' i 'm ready . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 my eyes closing and he kissed my forehead . 
 `` good night '' . 
 and with that we drifted off to dreamland , holding hands throughout the night . 
 chapter eleven crap ! 
 its 7 am already , school starts in an hour and blake is still sleeping on the floor ! 
 oh my gosh ! 
 how will i ever explain this to my parents ? 
 i moved to his side and shook his shoulder . 
 `` blake , blake , blake . 
 wake up , its already seven and we have 45 minutes to get ready and go . '' 
 he reaches out his arm and pulls me beside him . 
 oh my ! 
 i 'm blushing like a wild fire that was caused by lava . 
 my hearts beating 5 times faster than normal . 
 i pushed him but his hold is too tight . 
 `` blake !!! '' 
 i shouted in a whisper . 
 `` get up ! 
 my parents would n't like this . 
 not even diane . 
 get up ! '' 
 he got up and i ran and grabbed every essential for showering and after . 
 i got out after 5 minutes , wow world record , i was fully ready all i had to do was grab my bag and leave . 
 when i got back to my room to put perfume and grab my books and bag , blake was gone and the window was half open . 
 he left a post it on my full body mirror and it said `` see you in school . 
 drive safely . 
 ♥ ∞ '' i 'm touched , seriously , but really ? 
 he 's the only guy i know who would draw a heart like a girl on a note . 
 however i do n't really know this guy well yet he seems too good to be true . 
 i grabbed my bag and books headed to the kitchen to grab an apple and a bottle of water when i saw diane talking in whispers to our ` parents ' . 
 i stayed in a corner and kept quiet while i listened . 
 `` when did you evolve fully dear ? '' 
 mom said . 
 `` during the weekend kar was gone . '' 
 diane whispered . 
 `` does she know ? '' 
 dad said , a little too worried . 
 `` yes . '' 
 diane firmly stated . 
 `` how ? '' 
 dad seems angry now . 
 `` she saw my eyes change colours , she was worried about me . 
 i could n't leave her unanswered . 
 she was scared , 10 ten times more than i was . 
 she demanded answers from me , olivia and i gave her answers . 
 after that she just drove away and nothing . '' 
 silence flowed in the kitchen and i think it was my time to come out from hiding . 
 `` you should n't have done that dear . 
 you could 've left it to us . '' 
 mom said , i think she 's crying . 
 `` diane , next time . 
 do n't . 
 just do n't say anything . 
 leave her to us . '' 
 dad 's firm voice left me cold and scared . 
 `` that was n't the only reason i told her . 
 i saw something , the day before i left , i saw kar , doing something , and someone rescued her . 
 i thought if i told her the truth my vision would n't have happen . 
 i was wrong . '' 
 diane was sobbing now . 
 i counted 60 and waited 30 more seconds to settle everything down . 
 i walked back up the stairs quietly and ran down . 
 `` hey diane were gon na be late if you do n't move your butt to the car . '' 
 the kitchen was startled by my voice and even if they think i 'm acting too normal for the day , they probably wait a week for me to freak out fully . 
 i went to the kitchen , moms face dried but her eyes were wet with tears , dad covered his face with the news paper and diane , well , she always looked pretty whatever circumstance she was in . 
 i grabbed an apple and a bottle of water and kissed both parents bye . 
 diane was super quiet in the car , worried was the word of her day . 
 it was written all over her face . 
 `` hey '' i said lowering the volume of t. swift 's song `` ours '' in the car . 
 she looked at me and tried to plaster a fake smile . 
 i appreciated her effort but the jigs up . 
 i know her in and out . 
 she ca n't fool me . 
 ever . 
 `` its okay . 
 it was n't your fault i left . 
 i just could n't take it all at once you know . 
 i needed space . '' 
 she looked at me again but this time her smile is real and full of relief . 
 i can see it in her eyes that she wants to ask something . 
 `` say it . '' 
 i said with a smirk . 
 `` say what ? '' 
 she looks like a smart-ass right now and i just want to rub that grin off her face . 
 i glanced at her for a split second and returned it to the road . 
 `` fine . 
 where were you ? '' 
 her worried face came rushing back in uglifying her facial expression . 
 what will i say ? 
 auntie said not to tell anything to them . 
 c'mon any good comeback ? 
 `` i was with blake . '' 
 i said dryly . 
 oh nice one ! 
 `` so are you like dating now ? '' 
 she grins again . 
 wow , i do n't care if she 's worried but i so want rub that grin of her face . 
 `` something like that . '' 
 i said not giving much info . 
 `` how did the furniture hunt go ? '' 
 she teases . 
 `` looked like he did n't need it . 
 he just wanted to get to know me . '' 
 i lied . 
 so what ? 
 its not my first lie , she just does n't need to know much about me now . 
 i lied to her a thousand times and she buys them all . 
 i lie to her to keep me safe and secured . 
 my reasons for my lies do n't change it just makes things easier to survive the stupid questions . 
 `` ooh , very interesting . '' 
 she teases again . 
 i park by my usual spot near the third tree near the building and from that spot i see blake standing near the entrance waiting for me . 
 he sees me and waves . 
 i waved back and diane 's teasing rage on . 
 when this blows over i 'm so blaming her for not trusting me when she was changing . 
 we walked over to the doors and diane says she 'll go ahead to the office . 
 blake walks over to me and kisses my cheek . 
 i stared at him and punched his arm . 
 `` dude ! 
 not here ! '' 
 i said . 
 he just chuckles and takes my hand . 
 i punch him again and he lets go . 
 `` i said not here , not even now . 
 blake slow steps . 
 like baby steps . 
 super slow . 
 two weeks and well start okay ? '' 
 i looked in his eyes filled with mischief and excitement . 
 `` okay . 
 can i at least wait for you like what i did just now ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yeah . 
 its fine . 
 hey how 'd you get home ? 
 your house is like a country away ? '' 
 i queered . 
 he just laughed a little too loud and some stared at us . 
 he moves his face near my ear and whispered `` i 'm a werewolf , remember ? '' 
 oh yeah , i forgot what he was called . 
 well at least school 's going keep me sane for a while . 
 i headed to economics class and he headed to physics . 
 we do n't have any classes together , yey concentration . 
 i sat near jeryn nathanson and daniel timmons . 
 besides diane and blake , they 're actually my real friends . 
 we 've known each other since diapers . 
 we attended the same elem and mid school . 
 when it was my last day of middle school year , we moved away . 
 i do n't know why but we did , my parents do n't know them but my nanny knew better . 
 that time was the time i started lying to diane . 
 i did n't what her to befriend them . 
 she 'll just steal them away , i hate that about her but she will never know . 
 `` hey dork '' daniel says while ruining my hair . 
 `` hey yourself '' i giggled and fixed my bag on my chair . 
 `` i heard you went missing for the weekend . '' 
 jeryn whispers . 
 `` true that . '' 
 i said , too urban do n't you think ? 
 `` where 'd you go ? '' 
 daniel adjusts his seat to face me while the teacher was n't here yet . 
 `` guys house . '' 
 i plainly said . 
 they 're eyes widen and mouths gaped like ` what the hell ' face . 
 `` you did n't tell us who ! '' 
 jeryn breaks the omg phase . 
 `` why should i ? '' 
 i teased `` you did n't tell me you guys were dating so i wo n't say his name after 2 weeks like what you guys did . '' 
 i continued . 
 `` that 's not fair kar . 
 we did n't tell you cause we thought you might like him too and things would get awkward around us . '' 
 she explains like we were in an interrogation room . 
 i love seeing her squirm . 
 daniel just shakes his head and laughs . 
 `` i said 2 weeks did n't i ? '' 
 i insisted `` yeah '' jeryn 's face relaxes . 
 `` then wait till then . '' 
 i teased . 
 she pouts and faces daniel for help in extracting info from me . 
 he just shook his head and kissed the air and winked at her . 
 `` fine . 
 2 weeks . 
 that 's all . 
 but if a day passes those weeks we are going to your house and meet this ` sister ' of yours . '' 
 that meeting is a threat to me . 
 i do n't want to ever happen . 
 `` fine . '' 
 i smiled and looked front the teacher came in and students flooded the classroom . 
 lesson time . 
 after school , diane came to me and told me she would n't be going home with me anymore . 
 saying she has some ` training ' to do . 
 i went to my car and waved bye to jeryn and daniel as their truck drove away . 
 i hopped in my car and saw blake running to me . 
 i rolled my window down and he popped his head in and kissed my cheek again . 
 `` hey , mom wants you to come over . '' 
 he said still bending to my car window . 
 `` sure , mom and dad are probably still out by then . '' 
 i said looking at the steering wheel . 
 he snapped his fingers at me and i faced him . 
 `` its gon na be fine . '' 
 he assures me . 
 he moves to the passenger 's seat and settled in . 
 he held my hand and i turned on the engine . 
 i drove to his house following his directions again but this time there 's another car beside the house . 
 i looked at blake and he just shrugged . 
 he came out and opened my door . 
 i leaned to his ear `` who 's car is that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` dad 's car . '' 
 he said plainly a chill crawled down my spine and he placed a hand on the small of my back and we walked to the house . 
 we walked in and saw his dad sitting on the couch . 
 he places the book he was reading down and moves towards us . 
 he looked like blake but more mature and , no offence , more manly . 
 he has almond shaped green shimmering eyes , a not so crooked nose and full of stubble . 
 he has the average father figure going on but blake is taller than him . 
 `` hi . 
 i 'm george . 
 his father . '' 
 chapter twelve he gestures for a hand shake and i did like a normal civilized human being . 
 well , not completely normal , but you get my point . 
 his grip was firm , totally fatherly . 
 he told us to sit down and we did , sitting on the couch adjacent to his seat . 
 `` so i heard you 're the higgins child , is that true ? '' 
 he says in more interrogation kind of voice . 
 `` yes it is . 
 i 'm sorry for coming uninvited by you , but your wife asked me to come over . '' 
 i said nervously but i fortunately got my voice all controlled . 
 `` i came in late this morning you see , and i 'm a busy man so i do n't get a chance to talk to my family often . 
 i 'm a meteorologist and i work out of town . 
 we are n't allowed to tell where we work but last weekend my wife called and said they found my best friend 's child . 
 i dropped everything and came home . 
 i was actually the one who invited you tonight . '' 
 i sat there listening attentively until i heard the last part . 
 my eyes grew wide and blinked at blake . 
 he knew it was his dad that invited me yet he said it was his mom . 
 i 'll give him hell later , right now this guy , man i mean , is the best friend of my father or mother . 
 i 'll ask which one . 
 `` mr. winters - '' i say but interrupted by him . 
 `` please call me george . 
 you can call me uncle george . '' 
 he insisted . 
 `` okay , uh ... mr. george . '' 
 wow i sound so awkward `` were you best friends with both my parents ? 
 or my father only ? '' 
 `` i was best friends with your father and my wife was best friends with your mother . 
 before they were killed , we vowed to your parents to protect you . 
 we wanted to take you in too but they gave you to his seer friends . 
 they wanted to make extra precaution . 
 we did n't like the decision at first but we were n't the ones who had the say . '' 
 it somehow made sense now . 
 i suddenly remember my `` mom '' staring of into nowhere , her eyes were pitch black . 
 i thought it was only a shadow before but now its all coming into place . 
 before i could even reply to george , auntie lory came in with heavy looking grocery bags and we all turned our heads to her . 
 `` hello boys . 
 oh karmyll its so great to see you again ! 
 blake would you be a dear and help your mother . 
 hi honey '' blake took the grocery bags to the kitchen and she kissed her husband . 
 i was awed by their affection for each other , i wonder if i 'll end up marrying blake . 
 the thought made me giggle a little and blake came back to my side . 
 `` what so funny ? '' 
 he asks confused by my delusional behaviour . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 i said , i 'm not gon na admit to him that i thought of marrying him . 
 that 's just ridiculous we just met a few days ago . 
 and with everything happening its gon na take us , i mean me , a long time to adjust . 
 auntie lory 's voice ran through the air . 
 `` karmyll please stay for dinner . 
 i 'll make your mothers specialty '' my mother 's specialty ? 
 i 've never met my parents but i can feel their unconditional love for me every day as if they 're truly right beside me . 
 `` yes , ma'am '' i finally answered . 
 drill sergeant much kar ? 
 george excused himself and went to his study room leaving me alone with blake . 
 super awkward . 
 i feel my body tense , not a single muscle in my body was n't tense . 
 anxiety started washing over me when blake placed his hand on my knee . 
 surprising my body , it stop tensing . 
 i stood up so fast that i felt a little dizzy . 
 i moved away from him , my human personality did what it did best . 
 run . 
 i went to the door and bolted out . 
 i panicked and ran , i did n't care that my feet hurt or my heart beat like i 'm about to have a heart attack . 
 my body went on like the auto-pilot was switched on . 
 that only happens when my emotions were too overwhelming and i needed to just scream it out of my system . 
 i finally came to a stop . 
 i ended up in front of my parents grave again . 
 i stared at their grave and kneeling as i cried my heart out . 
 `` why ? 
 why were you killed ? 
 why did n't you just run ? 
 you could 've done that , you know . 
 why do i feel so human when i 'm not ? 
 why did n't you just let me die with you ? 
 i do n't know what to do , what will happen to me , what will make me sane . 
 i 'm losing it . 
 i feel like this is all just a creepy dream . 
 father , you could 've left a letter for me , telling me you protected me and loved me and how wonderful mother was . 
 - i sighed deeply making my breathing even - mother , i know you love me , i feel it every day . 
 you and father had a happy-ever-after till i came in the picture . 
 you loved me but you had to die because of it . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm just ... i 'm ... i do n't know ... i 'm lost . '' 
 i cried niagara falls in front of my real parents . 
 i could n't help it . 
 i did feel lost . 
 i do n't know who i am anymore , what i am , what my purpose is , no one would understand it except my real parents . 
 they would cuddle me together till i calmed down and make everything all right , that 's what i think they would do . 
 i stopped crying and evened out my breathing . 
 i took a deep soul-cleansing breath and pain on my skin emerged . 
 i felt something being engraved on my skin . 
 i bit my lips till it bled to muffle my pain . 
 the engraved markings on my back felt deep , it was far worse than getting a tattoo or a piercing . 
 it kept cutting me like butter for pancakes . 
 i finally screamed my lungs out and felt weight on my back . 
 i breathed raggedly like i ran a marathon 10 times without any break for 3 days straight . 
 i touched my back and felt soft velvet . 
 my eyes grew big , with realization striking me . 
 i. have . 
 wings . 
 i screamed in horror and a presence i knew came near . 
 blake ran to me and stared in disbelief . 
 i crumbled to the floor crying feeling the after effects of my wings . 
 it felt a little heavy like carrying 3 hard bound 900 paged books in a backpack with packed lunch and 5 bottled waters . 
 `` karmyll are you all right ? '' 
 he asks cautiously he starts to move near me when my wings spread wide and flicked him off . 
 he flew into the air like a booger flicked into nowhere . 
 i screamed in high pitch and saw his car windows crack . 
 i want this to stop ! 
 i 'm panicking again and started hyperventilating . 
 `` calm down my darling . 
 you can get through this . 
 we believe in you . '' 
 a voice from nowhere yet familiar calmed me down . 
 tears streaked down my cheek and i screamed a soundless cry , i started calming down . 
 i whisper knowing the voice . 
 `` thank you , mother . '' 
 chapter thirteen my wings kept in me . 
 i ran to blake 's side and gave him first aid . 
 which he probably did n't need because his scars started healing themselves . 
 his leg was even impaled by a branch and when i helped him pull it out its like it was never there . 
 well that 's one of the perks of being not full human . 
 helping him stand up he held on to me to keep his balance . 
 `` are you fully okay ? 
 i can take you to a hospital for safety measures '' i worriedly suggested . 
 he chuckles and hugs me . 
 he removes his jacket and drapes it on me . 
 warmth covers my body , i did n't know i was that cold . 
 `` your back is bare . 
 you better go home and rest . 
 i 'll tell my parents you are n't feeling well . '' 
 he looks me in the eyes and kisses me gently . 
 his lips on mine felt unreal , even if it was just a short kiss , sparks in me just lose control and goes boom like a firework . 
 we move to his car and he opens the passenger side for me . 
 he climbs in the driver 's seat and starts the engine . 
 `` hey , uh , i 'm sorry about your windshield . '' 
 i bashfully tell him . 
 my high-pitched screams caused that and its kinda embarrassing . 
 like the fat lady painting in harry potter movie but she broke it on purpose not by her voice . 
 he takes my hand in his and kisses the back of it . 
 `` its okay . 
 as long as you 're safe , that 's good enough for me . '' 
 his words made my heart skip a lot of beats . ' 
 i ca n't believe this guy is all mine . 
 and he calls me his mate like we belong together forever ' . 
 he drops me to my house and he drives home . 
 i went inside and only nanny maryn was home . 
 i make my way to the mid-forties looking lady in my house . 
 she has that petite yet adorable figure . 
 her round slightly lumpy tummy of hers makes her look charming . 
 i wo n't call her fat cause that 's just disrespectful , but her body is full of pure kindness . 
 `` hi maryn ! 
 i missed you so much how was your vacation ? '' 
 nanny maryn has been my nanny since diaper years . 
 diane had a different nanny , kept changing every now and then since she kept getting them fired . 
 maryn knows me like i 'm her own daughter . 
 she knows about jeryn and daniel , my lies and everything else . 
 i love her like a mother . 
 i never asked her if she knew my parents , i know my boundaries about questions i just wanted her to stay in my life . 
 my ` parents ' gave her a vacation for 2 weeks as a gift for her hard work . 
 `` my vacation was magnificent dear . 
 oh my ! 
 what happened to you dear ? 
 you ripped your clothes and is this a man 's jacket ? '' 
 she 's so adorable when she 's worried about me . 
 her white hair made no sense since she looked young . 
 she 's in her 40 's , i think . 
 her motherly figure gave the word love a meaning . 
 she has little wrinkles on her forehead but it only shows when she 's worried . 
 her chocolate eyes tell every emotion she has in her heart . 
 `` i grew wings and it ripped my shirt out and this is my semi-boyfriend 's jacket . '' 
 i do n't lie to her cause she 's never done anything to me to deserve my lies . 
 my last sentence made me giggle a lot cause there 's no such thing as a semi boyfriend . 
 she looked at me bewildered with my weird response . 
 she must think my humour is growing too wild since she left . 
 `` you and your words . 
 they mess my head a lot sometimes , you know that ? '' 
 she messes my hair and pulls me into a hug . 
 `` i missed you so much ! 
 my husband gave me something to give you . 
 he adores you ! '' 
 she laughs and reaches for her bag . 
 she brought out a black box and pulled out the most beautiful necklace in the world . 
 she hands it to me and i absorb its beauty in . 
 it had a yin-yang pendant enveloped with really small diamonds in it . 
 words were engraved at the back of it . 
 ` have faith & never give up ' tears started to flood my eyes and she took the necklace from me and put it on me . 
 she hugged me and i hugged back . 
 `` you 're like a daughter to me and this is just a small gift from me and my husband . 
 we love you dear . '' 
 `` i love you too maryn . 
 so when 's uncle tommy coming to see us ? '' 
 i giggled . 
 uncle tommy is her husband . 
 he comes by to see her every weekend . 
 their cute together . 
 i asked uncle tommy once how they met and he told me every detail . 
 he never gets tired telling me , i love them both . 
 i ca n't imagine them gone . 
 ever . 
 `` he 'll be here next week , visiting little ole ' me and you . 
 he 's been wanting to see you but work keeps him busy . 
 you know how it is in the business world . 
 head to your room now dear , its very late and you still have classes tomorrow . '' 
 she kisses my forehead and makes me move to the stairs . 
 i miss uncle tommy dearly . 
 i remember , he came to visit maryn and told me his fate turned when he found the love of his life . 
 even thought they were young , you can never tell when you 're gon na meet the one . 
 it started in school , they were passing notes and were caught every now and then . 
 they planned schemes , pranks and all the naughty things kids do . 
 one day , when they were sent to the office , being caught passing notes , he passed her a note it said : `` wan na hangout after school ? '' 
 she wrote back `` sure ! 
 what plans do we have this time ? '' 
 he wrote `` tp . '' 
 two letters that had tissue papers draping a certain someone 's house . 
 they kept their pranks going and they were never caught . 
 when they were in middle school maryn declared them best friends for life . 
 they kept that and when high school entered he announced to everyone that they were a couple . 
 they even went to the same collage . 
 different course but lived in the same apartment . 
 they 've been together so long that they can predict each other 's movements and read each other 's mind . 
 on their schools reunion party he proposed . 
 they had a simple yet intimate wedding and lived happily ever after . 
 i never mind how many times uncle tommy tells me this story . 
 i always end up awed by their love story . 
 sure , they did have their fair-share of fight but it only kept them loving each other more and more . 
 when will my romeo ever come ? 
 oh wait , he did . 
 just transferred in from luxembourg in a wolf 's body . 
 wait a minute , how come i never thought of this ? 
 if maryn has been my nanny since forever should n't she know about my family 's secret ? 
 if she did , why did n't she tell me ? 
 if she 's a part of this whole mess , what would that become of her ? 
 a witch ? 
 wolf ? 
 fairy ? 
 if not then maybe she 's just an innocent in all of this mess . 
 i caress my necklace as i head up to my room . 
 chapter fourteen i woke up groggy . 
 i stared at the ceiling and glanced at my alarm clock , 4:47 am . 
 great , what am i suppose to do this early in the morning ? 
 i dragged myself off of my bed , started heating some hot water , and began stripping from last night 's nightmare . 
 as i pull off my shirt i saw it through the mirror . 
 right there on my back . 
 it looks like fairy wings engraved on my back , it looks more engraved than a tattoo that 's just ink on skin . 
 i try touching it but its like there 's this invisible force field protecting it from outside contact . 
 i finished showering and prayed that when i put on my shirt the force field wo n't bulk up and make me look like a hunch back . 
 thankfully it did n't . 
 i glance at my clock , 5:26 am . 
 ugh ! 
 ca n't time go anymore faster than this ? 
 i creep out of my bedroom and start to head down stairs for some breakfast . 
 i pass by diane 's room with her door room a little open , she 's not there . 
 her bed looks like no one even slept there . 
 i pass by my parents room and huh , what do you know , same . 
 no one 's there . 
 i wonder where they are ? 
 maybe they have a secret seer society meeting . 
 the thought makes me giggle at its stupidity and shiver fear at its reality . 
 i 'm only wearing a tank top and sweats since at home the temp is pretty warm . 
 i head for the kitchen and a note was stuck on the fridge . 
 `` we went for a meeting and we 'll be back in a while . 
 maryn is in charge so no parties , no lolly gagging and no fooling around . 
 we love you . 
 mom , dad & di '' note looks kinda ridiculous to me , and yet it has sweetness in it . 
 even though our secrets are out they still treat me like a kid . 
 at least that makes me a little sane . 
 i head out to the backyard , its just all space , grass and a single tree at the far left of the fence . 
 i breathed in , somehow this is making feel free . 
 i spread my arms out and just felt the wind blow to my face . 
 i started to smile when my wings burst out like boom ! 
 my back suddenly heavy with the wings weight but lighter than before when it first came out of me , they feel like 9 notebooks and recess , i tried touching it , its soft velvet feel made me want to hug them but instead it hugged me . 
 i feel warm in its embrace . 
 if there were ` how to fly with wings 101 book ' i would buy it in a heartbeat but there are n't any , so i looked for the muscle that would control my wings . 
 it was n't that hard i mean its on your back . 
 i start off with the basic movement , the up and downs , usually seen done by the birds . 
 then the taking off , which was stupid of me to do outdoor without any landing mat or safety equipment like knee pads , shoulder pads or at least a helmet ! 
 i got the taking off thing quite easily and staying up in the air was a piece of cake . 
 my landing is a train wreck , maybe in this case a plane wreck . 
 i turn to the door to get myself ready for school when i got a clear view of my wings in the glass-one-way-mirror door . 
 it looks heavenly . 
 petal-like shaped wings with little swirls surrounding its inner lines . 
 it does n't look like the typical moth wings , it looks like a part of a flower . 
 i stared at it a little longer and finally realized my wings look like the violet-forget me not flowers . 
 its all so overwhelming , my wings actually took shape of my favourite flowers . 
 i did n't notice the kitchen light turn on , i knew i did n't turn it on for sure , maryn was moving around the kitchen when i stood just a few feet away from her with wings . 
 i tried to calm down . 
 she glanced at the door and saw me . 
 her eyes widens , i do n't know how to explain to her my wings . 
 but i 'll have to be honest with her . 
 she ran to the door and slid it open . 
 `` what are you doing out there ?! 
 you 'll get sick ! 
 and to think your parents and sister are out , you go staying out in the cold wearing just that . 
 ayaiya , go get ready for school . '' 
 i stare at her , why is n't she freaking out ? 
 why did n't she ask me about my wings ? 
 and since when did it start drizzling ? 
 i glanced at the clock 7:00 am . 
 really ? 
 time does fly when you 're learning how to fly , pun intended . 
 i kiss maryn 's forehead and rush to shower again and head for school . 
 as i grab my things for school i started thinking , maybe my wings disappeared before she even saw them . 
 maybe she saw them and thought it was a costume . 
 maybe she saw and just did n't react to it . 
 or better yet she just saw nothing but me in the cold . 
 my best theory was , she did n't have time to think or ask about my wings because she 's more concerned about me and my well being than just something she does n't even know that exists in me . 
 my last guess made me feel better and my day went well without any incident . 
 blake came home with me and made introductions to maryn and uncle tommy , since he came waaay ahead of schedule . 
 we had a wonderful dinner and nothing bad happened . 
 my luck seems to be turning around . 
 things calmed , blake went home , aunty maryn and uncle tommy stayed to watch netflix and i went to bed . 
 i close my eyes to snooze into dream world . 
 dreams do n't usually come to me but when they do they 're a nightmare . 
 i see diane , mom and dad driving home when a deer jumps out of nowhere and blocks their way . 
 they swerve and they crash into a tree but at least they got out alive , but severely injured . 
 diane 's calling someone and i see the date and time on her phone . 
 that 's tomorrow night ! 
 i wake up dripping in cold sweat . 
 i have to get to them before that deer hurts them . 
 funny how that deer looks like , as if it were ... human . 
 chapter fifteen i got up and raided my drawers i pulled out the clothes i could grab first and shoved them in the duffel bag . 
 panic started to rise from me but i did n't want it controlling me right now . 
 i inhaled and exhaled slowly to calm me a little . 
 when i got my composure back i changed my clothes to a super flexible one . 
 i grabbed my nike jogging pants and nike sports bra , put them on and topped it with a matching sweat shirt . 
 i flew down the stairs and wrote a note to aunty maryn . 
 `` i went for an early work out . 
 wo n't be back till after school . 
 love yah ! '' 
 this is my very first lie to her and just writing it is making me guilty . 
 well , what should i write ? 
 `` out early , saw my family in crash from a dream . 
 gon na save them , love yah '' ? 
 hell , that sounds crazy but i 'll just write it and put it under the first note . 
 she might think i 'm just messing with her . 
 i stuck my notes on the fridge and took off . 
 i was locking the door when i felt a presence behind me . 
 `` where do you think you 're going ? '' 
 he queered . 
 scowling at me like i 'm some teen , which i am , sneaking off to a party . 
 `` i do n't have time for this . 
 i have to go . '' 
 i said , all in one breath . 
 `` you 're not going anywhere till ' you tell me what the heck is going on ! '' 
 he barked at me . 
 he blocked my way with his big figure . 
 ugh ! 
 i do n't have time for this ! 
 `` blake ! 
 i do n't have time to answer either let me through or get you angry ass in the car ! '' 
 frustration working up on me . 
 i did n't need him protection now maybe later , my family needs me . 
 `` fine ! 
 but i 'll drive . '' 
 he growled at me . 
 i actually hear him truly growl while making our way to my car . 
 we peeled off the drive way and when i glanced at the house i was so sure i saw uncle tommy by the window just watching us . 
 but then again maybe i 'm just too worked up to focus on anything . 
 we were on the highway when blake broke our frustrated silence . 
 `` where we headed ? '' 
 i suddenly realized , i do n't even know where they are . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` what do you mean you do n't know ? 
 you 're the one who crazily up and left the house . '' 
 his anger boiling again and i did n't want to argue anymore . 
 `` just stop at the side for a while . '' 
 i calmly said . 
 we need to find my family fast but i need to tend this bruise first . 
 he stopped on the deserted highway and i climbed out of the car . 
 i began making whining sounds to make me a little less a cry baby . 
 he moved to my side a foot away from me . 
 `` karmyll , you have to tell me what happened . '' 
 his concern for me made his eyes glow yellow , but the way he looks at me made me see he is worried about me . 
 i breathed raggedly and finally broke down in sobs . 
 `` i know i 'm a fairy-slash-wolf-slash-human but i saw a vision of my family in a car accident and the wolf that caused it was n't the usual ones . 
 he looked human . '' 
 he took me in his arms and just stayed put for a while . 
 he was rubbing circles on my back , he kept doing it till i evened out my breathing . 
 he pulled me away at arm 's length and stared into my eyes . 
 `` kar , i can tell that you want to save them but we have to know first where they are . '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i was about to sleep when this vision came to me . '' 
 anxiety is one of my weaknesses and panic usually causes it . 
 hyperventilating made blake more nervous than i was . 
 i pulled out my inhaler and started breathing normally again . 
 `` you 're the only wolf i know that will never win in a race . '' 
 that statement caught me off guard . 
 the situation is so serious and he makes a bad joke . 
 he 's probably just lightening up the mood . 
 then again , he knows other wolves ? 
 that got me intrigued . 
 did he think that some of his other wolf friends was his mate ? 
 i pushed that last thought in the recess of my mind . 
 i closed my eyes to relax and the vision came again . 
 i felt my knees buckle and blake 's arms wrapped on my waist to steady me . 
 i see the sign `` welcome to sheen 's bed and breakfast '' and behind it was a small cottage that had 9 other , but similarly looking , cottages . 
 about a half mile away was a barn . 
 a red big ole ' farm you 'll see from old mcdonald . 
 i zoomed in the barn and see my ` parents ' and sister along with other different people . 
 the scene looks like a ritual . 
 diane 's wearing a black velvet , by texture , robe and a hood over her head along with other teens too . 
 my ` parents ' on the sides of a circle wearing the same robes without the hoods . 
 an old book sat in the middle of the room and circle . 
 i see things in a dark light but the candles made it visible to see . 
 suddenly a man in a mask somehow , amazingly , saw me and covered my eyes . 
 and everything went black . '' 
 i felt my body warm in blake 's hold and my knees regained its composure . 
 how did that man see me ? 
 did he see `` see '' me ? 
 or that was just totally coincidence ? 
 i 'll get to the bottom of this , i 'll raid every library for answers if i ca n't get any answers for my parents . 
 `` karmyll , kar ! 
 look at me ! 
 are you alright ? '' 
 he scans my face for abnormalities and i look at him amused . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i know where they are now . 
 just a few miles from here there 's a bed and breakfast , we stop there pretend were a couple - '' interrupting me . 
 `` pretend to be couple ? '' 
 he added `` whatever works for you . 
 we settle in a cottage and we sneak off to the barn half a mile near it . 
 that 's where they are . 
 i bet the owner of the b&b has something to do with the barn or was paid to shut up . 
 but anyway that 's the plan . '' 
 i concluded . 
 `` works for me . 
 here - he hands me a plain silver ring - wear and we 'll be in full covered op '' `` okay . 
 wait , is this one of those couple rings ? '' 
 i asked totally annoyed . 
 remembering the couples in school wearing all matchy-matchy makes me vomit with their pda . 
 like seriously the whole school knows you guys are dating , why display your inappropriate school behaviour in public ? 
 i shudder in disgust just thinking about it . 
 `` yeah , its just for show . 
 to keep our cover safe . 
 you can just wear it when we get there . 
 do n't take it off until the mission is over . '' 
 he seemed more thrilled with this as i am . 
 and since did he became the boss of me ? 
 he climbed in the car and so did i making our way to the b&b . 
 `` do n't worry , i 'm on my way . '' 
 i whispered to myself . 
 chapter sixteen we got to the b&b incident free . 
 i look at the bungalow styled house in front of my car . 
 it looks quite pleasant for a coven . 
 we got out of the car and headed to the receiving area . 
 moments ago in the car , things between me and my semi-boyfriend were pretty awkward , but its just me anyway . 
 blake took the plain silver ring from me during the drive . 
 i was nonchalant about it , when he gave me a zircon ring , brilliantly cut and it looks like some heirloom . 
 i sighed in admiration for it then quickly recovered . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you did n't like the matchy rings so , i 'm giving you that '' he gestures his chin to the ring . 
 `` okay , but do n't you think a married couple for a cover works ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the ring does fit and looks pretty on my hand but ... it feels weird . 
 `` i do n't think so , i 'm thinking an engaged couple who went for a road trip . 
 brilliant eh ? '' 
 he smart-assed his way again . 
 `` fine . 
 i get to say all the wedding details if someone asks and you just nod like a good soon-to-be husband . '' 
 two can play the smart ass game . 
 i 'm not stupid , he looks like he 's really enjoying this covered op . 
 or is he just making fun of me ? 
 and i almost forgot how he growled at me at my house . 
 almost . 
 whatever ticked him must be pretty personal . 
 i bet my whole tissue collection that its about me . 
 ugh , this is why guys irritate me . 
 well actually the whole society irritates me . 
 blake was on the front desk getting us a room . 
 wait , was that ? 
 oh hell no , did he just pay via credit card ? 
 and it looks like the i 'm - part-of-the-rich-society kind of card . 
 i 'm not rich , well according to my piggy bank i 'm so not rich . 
 ordinary-type girl . 
 but that , is something worth grilling him for . 
 ` omg , karmyll ! 
 get your head in the game ! 
 you 're not here for a vacation ! 
 you 're here to rescue your family ' . 
 you are so right , brain . 
 i got ta keep listening to you more . 
 blake got the keys and carried my bag . 
 we got the sweet-teen-suite . 
 say that 10 times fast . 
 he placed my bag on the floor near the tv and plopped on the bed . 
 well it looks like a cottage outside but inside its a suite . 
 more like a one storied apartment . 
 the walls are painted ocean blue and the arch shaped windows wonderfully with the pale blue curtains . 
 the carpet is a fluffy white cloth on the floor , to be honest , this room has a nice color-combination flavour . 
 the cabinets are built in wooden white , the kitchen is like a big toy set of stainless steel and well the bed is a king sized puff of cloud . 
 i took the suite inn and closed my eyes to make the room blend in my mind . 
 `` what are you doing there , honey ? '' 
 his voice broke my blend . 
 did he just call me honey ? 
 weird . 
 even for him , oh wait , its the cover . 
 i get it now . 
 but were alone , no one can hear us . 
 why push it ? 
 `` blake no one can hear us , why push the act ? '' 
 `` well , i do n't know , the room might be bugged . 
 and i like it . 
 sit down sweetheart you look tired . '' 
 insert cocky smile here . 
 he stands up from the bed and leads me to the bed and makes me sit like a puppy . 
 if he tells me to roll over i 'm gon na deck him . 
 i 'm far too stress to handle his wicked mind . 
 he stands and gets me water . 
 huh ? 
 i do n't remember installing manners in this guy , maybe auntie lory did it . 
 i lie down and close my eyes . 
 the visions got clearer this time . 
 like i 'm actually there . 
 my eyes roll back to my head and the vision began . 
 ` the barn is dark all over . 
 not much candles were lit , though it looked pretty bright before . 
 the room is filled with people in robes , gathered in a circle chanting something . 
 i see diane in the inner circle . 
 it looks like there are some in the inner circle and the rest are n't part of the ritual . 
 the leader , oh my goodness ! 
 is that professor baldin ? 
 what 's he doing here ? 
 is he a seer too ? 
 omg , this is too much to take in . 
 as professor baldin circles the teens , he pulls their hoods and reveal each of their faces . 
 hey , that guy looks like my lab partner , harry . 
 he 's a seer too ! 
 several more teens ' hoods were pulled and its finally diane 's turn . 
 she has ruby eyes again . 
 i glance at everyone in the barn , everyone has red eyes . 
 the woman beside me started whispering something to me . 
 my vision faded to nothing . 
 i knew it , it was a spell . 
 she was casting a spell on me . 
 i opened my eyes again and saw blake looking very worried about me . 
 he 's worry lines are gon na increase if he keeps looking out for me . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 you know you got ta stop fainting on me . 
 its making me feel weird . '' 
 `` feel weird ? '' 
 that sounds a bit too girly , even for him . 
 `` sorry . 
 i just got another vision . 
 the ritual is starting , professor baldin is leading it . 
 even my lab partner is in there . 
 this is getting crazier and crazier by the minute . '' 
 `` and how do you know this ? 
 i thought only seers knew the future and apparently you 've been seeing the present through a person 's different point of view . 
 like you 're entering their bodies just to have a look . '' 
 he explains . 
 my eyes grew wide with the awakening statement of blake . 
 how do i know this ? 
 how do i keep doing this ? 
 and if i were a seer i 'm suppose to see the future not the present in another 's eyes . 
 oh no , have i been possessing people and i do n't even know it ? 
 how am i going to control this ? 
 i tried to keep myself from panicking , instead blake held me and i calmed down . 
 he passed me a bottle water and a biscuit with chocolate filling . 
 i took it mindlessly and he kept hold of me till i was finished . 
 when i got myself together he did n't let go of my hand . 
 `` okay here 's what 's gon na happen . 
 the ritual started at 12 in the morning and probably end at 4 since the people there have lives . 
 we have to follow my parents ' car till they get home . 
 the drive will at least take an 2 hours and we 'll drive to school like nothing happened . 
 after school they 'll probably resume the ritual at night around 11 , maybe , since there are many of them . 
 we come back here again and we follow them home . 
 during their drive home that wolf comes out and hurts them . 
 we have to get that wolf away before it hurts anybody . '' 
 `` wow that 's a lot . 
 how do you know so much about this ritual ? '' 
 he says staring at the floor listening to me . 
 `` movies and ya books . 
 do n't judge , those writers have a base where they got them . '' 
 `` how about one step at a time , hm ? 
 first you rest up since you 've been in complete stress since we left . 
 i 'll stay up and stand guard , from this window you can see if anything happened there . 
 second when they start leaving i 'll wake you up and eat a little then you drive . 
 does n't that sound less stressful ? '' 
 he calmly ends . 
 since he put it that way , it does sound like a good and less stressful plan . 
 `` okay . 
 but no funny business while i sleep . 
 no pictures or anything bad from you . 
 got it ? '' 
 i needed the sleep but even though this guy is my mate . 
 he 's still a guy . 
 `` can i at least hold your hand ? '' 
 he pouts his way to please me . 
 why does that look so adorable on him ? 
 i give in to his irresistible face . 
 `` fine . 
 but that 's it . 
 good night . '' 
 i hit my head on the soft feather-stuffed pillows and dozed off dreamless . 
 moments later i woke up to a shaking motion . 
 `` karmyll , kar wake up ! 
 they 're burning the barn . '' 
 chapter seventeen blake started shuffling our stuff and i got straight up . 
 the vision was n't gon na happen tomorrow night , its gon na happen right here and now . 
 oh my gosh , what am i gon na do ? 
 i did n't plan any of this through . 
 `` kar ! 
 stop sitting around and tell me what 's the plan ? '' 
 he waited for my instructions but i 'm at a loss . 
 `` we get out of here now and come back after school . 
 i do n't think they 'll leave it like that . '' 
 i managed to say . 
 we got out as fast as we can from the cottage . 
 we locked it shut since some of my stuff were still in there . 
 we hurried to the car and drove slightly near the burning barn . 
 it did n't look like ordinary fire , the flames were blue . 
 its not every day you see a burning barn with blue flames . 
 weird . 
 the people who were in it just a few minutes or hours ago are n't running away from the fire , instead they 're staring at it . 
 usually , when you see a barn burning you run away as far as possible and save those who you can save . 
 but this one , no one 's moving a muscle . 
 i do n't see diane or my parents anywhere . 
 suddenly i hear tires screeching the asphalt road , its them ! 
 i know that car anywhere ! 
 the old toyota corolla dashing away from the fire . 
 diane 's at the backseat while my parents are in front . 
 `` blake ! 
 blake ! 
 there they go , follow them . '' 
 `` you sure that 's them ? '' 
 `` surer than anything '' blake stepped on the gas and we peeled ourselves away from the barn 's area . 
 the old toyota corolla was quite too fast for the speed limit . 
 its like they 're running away from something or trying to get to something before someone gets it . 
 `` do n't you think they 're too much in a hurry ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` yeah , they are . 
 i have a bad feeling about this kar . '' 
 i sit quietly while we chase my sister 's car . 
 i did n't close my eyes , cause i knew a vision was coming up . 
 they kept increasing speed as if they knew we were behind them . 
 clouds start rolling in and thunders clash out from nowhere . 
 rain falls as heavy as it wanted it to be , the windshield started to fog up so i turned the heater for us . 
 lightning strikes on a tree a few miles from us , blake sees it right away with his wolf eyes . 
 `` kar you have to take over , i 've got to get that tree out of the way before it hurts anybody . '' 
 blake says . 
 `` okay , pull over to the side so i can move and you can go . '' 
 i suggest . 
 `` we do n't have time for that ! '' 
 blake opens his door and pulls me to the driver 's seat . 
 he jumps grabs on to the edge of my car while its going a hundred miles per hour . 
 i move with nervousness , i just have to keep driving , while my semi-boyfriend jumps out and becomes superman for the night , `` i love you , always . '' 
 he assures me and jumps off . 
 he did n't even give me a chance to say it back to him . 
 am i ready to even speak it out ? 
 i can think about it , but say it ? 
 i do n't think so . 
 i 've driven a few kilometres already and it seems my family is n't about to slow sown . 
 lightning strikes again , this time it hits the tree right in front of me , i hit the brakes and swerve into a drift , panic and excitement flooded my mind . 
 i survived that first obstacle but i lost sight of my family . 
 i drove faster to catch up , finally i see them . 
 i kept my distance and steadied my sight on them . 
 why is n't the wolf coming out ? 
 is it suppose to happen tonight or tomorrow night ? 
 this is so confusing ? 
 a wolf appears in front of my car and i hit the brakes and swerve more than i could count , the rain flooded road slips my car to never land . 
 the air bag deployed and saves my head from further injuries but i felt dizzy . 
 i got out and see my family on the side of the highway . 
 `` no . '' 
 did i fail them ? 
 no , this ca n't be happening . 
 i was suppose to save them . 
 i wobble myself to them , they do n't look hurt . 
 well the car looks fine and undamaged . 
 i reached the car and no one 's inside . 
 `` what ? 
 where are they ? '' 
 i scramble back to my car and got my phone . 
 the rain made it impossible to have any signal . 
 after a few minute i got signal and called them . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` mom ? 
 mom ... mom ! '' 
 `` yes , karmyll . 
 what is it dear ? 
 where are you ? 
 i can barely hear you ? '' 
 `` never mind me , where are you ? 
 where 's dad / where 's diane ? '' 
 `` dear we should ask you that . 
 were all at home . 
 we came home from the meeting a few hours ago . 
 when we got here i did n't see you in your room . '' 
 i was struck speechless . 
 they ca n't be home , their car is right there ! 
 what ?! 
 their car 's gone ! 
 this ca n't be happening . 
 this should be a dream . 
 i closed my eyes tight and pinched myself . 
 nothing i still stood under the harsh rain . 
 `` karmyll ? 
 dear ? '' 
 my phone echoes my mom 's voice . 
 `` mom are you really home ? '' 
 i asked to make sure . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` do you see the note i left ? '' 
 i hear some shuffling in the phone . 
 `` yes , dear . '' 
 `` what does it say ? '' 
 i 'm getting a bad feeling about this . 
 `` i 'll be out early , see you in a few , that 's what is says here . '' 
 what ? 
 i think that 's gon na be my expression for the year . 
 that 's not what i wrote . 
 breathe karmyll , breathe . 
 `` okay , i 'll be home in a few . '' 
 `` be safe darling , the rain here is quite hard . '' 
 `` yes , mom . '' 
 anger floods my mind . 
 how could they lie to me ? 
 what in libraries ' name was that vision then ? 
 just a frikkin bad dream ? 
 i scream with everything i 've got in the carless , empty road . 
 my wings threatened to come out but i controlled it . 
 `` blake ! 
 blake ! 
 where are you ?! '' 
 in other 's eye , i might look like a crazy lady in the road , fortunately there are n't car anywhere . 
 i look at my phone , 6 am , i do n't care about school anymore . 
 this is too much for me . 
 suddenly an umbrella and a huge jacket covers my body , blake carries me to the car . 
 `` kar , i 'm sorry i did n't mean to block your car . '' 
 i nuzzle into his jacket for warmth and he sets me on the passenger 's seat . 
 `` we go back to the cottage . 
 we 're going to school today . 
 let 's get our things back and go home . '' 
 he nods without any complains . 
 i 'm too tired to argue with him , if we did i just might agree to anything he says . 
 he drives my damages car back to the cottage and took care of everything else . 
 i drifted off to sleep . 
 `` karmyll can see our possible futures '' , mom says . 
 `` where is she mom ? 
 is she okay ? '' 
 my sister 's worried face tattoo 's my heart . 
 we have n't seen much of each other since confrontation day . 
 `` she saw what was supposed to happen to us '' dad says . 
 `` it 's a good thing diane saw her through another 's body '' . 
 chapter eighteen i shot straight awake right after my dad spoke . 
 blake turns off the engine , were home . 
 his home that is . 
 he moved to face me and brushes his hand to my face , i lean into his gesture . 
 i 'm exhausted and i ca n't even moved my hand to do the same gesture . 
 i close my eyes again and i felt his arms around me as he carried me into the house . 
 i hear auntie lory say something about me , but i only got bits and pieces of it . 
 `` where have you been ? 
 i 've been worried si - what happened to her ? 
 is she okay ? '' 
 he moves me on the sofa in the living room . 
 he covers me with a warm blanket , auntie lory starts a fire in the fire place . 
 i felt super warm and slowly feeling human again . 
 `` blake , may i see you in the kitchen ? '' 
 auntie lory says . 
 `` i 'll talk to you later mom . 
 i 'm worried about her . '' 
 he hugs me tighter and it just revives my broken heart . 
 `` in an hour then boy , i know you love her but at least look out for yourself . '' 
 she squeezes his shoulder for comfort . 
 auntie lory disappears into the kitchen , and blake starts to loosen his grip on me . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , karmyll . 
 i did n't mean to hurt you . 
 i think you should go on without me . '' 
 no , i do n't want to hear that crap . 
 i love this guy but how come my mouth wo n't move ? 
 `` do n't . '' 
 i manage to say . 
 `` do n't say that '' tears betray my eyes and flow down to my face . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he whispers closer to me . 
 he wipes my face with his hands . 
 i do n't understand why he thinks this is all his fault ? 
 what did he do to hurt me ? 
 the wolf in front of the car , that was n't him . 
 even though it was a wolf , i saw its eyes . 
 it was n't him . 
 he looked different . 
 `` karmyll , i 'm sorry . 
 i got you hurt . '' 
 tears streamed down my face and i felt myself tear apart . 
 my wings they want to come out . 
 let me summarize my day , my family lied to me , my supposed mate is breaking up with me and there 's school in less than a minute . 
 yeah this must be it , my life sucks . 
 i took a deep breath and got up , not caring how tired i am . 
 blake holds on to my hand but he eventually let go . 
 i willed myself out of the house . 
 i went through the back door , i removed my shirt and stood in the middle of the yard only wearing my sports bra . 
 i could feel auntie lory 's eyes on my back . 
 i screamed at the top of my lungs and my wings finally broke free . 
 i felt free . 
 my wings took shape and it felt wrong , they were sagging . 
 they looked like they were dying . 
 wilted flowers . 
 i saw them through the lake right behind the house . 
 they were dying . 
 i could n't add this to my sucky life . 
 the rain had stopped and the lake looked welcoming . 
 without any second thought i drowned my sorrows in the freezing cold . 
 i got in the water deep as possible . 
 `` why ! '' 
 i shouted up into the heavens . 
 a wolf comes to the edge of the lake . 
 i see it through her feminine eyes , its auntie lory . 
 i have to get away from them . 
 all of them . 
 i rose up into the air , my wings fully hydrated . 
 they looked as magnificent as before , i felt the wind under my wings . 
 tears have dried up my eyes and had drained out from my heart . 
 i took in my humanity personality in and panicked . 
 i flew home . 
 i flew too high in the air unable to be seen by the naked eye . 
 as soon as i saw my house i dropped down like a bomb but my wings broke my fall . 
 mud filled my nails and my hair , bruises formed on my body , bones seemed broken but i do n't really know . 
 i crawled myself to the backyard porch and let my wings disappear . 
 aunt maryn found me after a few hours . 
 they called the ambulance , they paramedics carefully placed me on a stretcher . 
 i finally blacked out . 
 chapter nineteen weeks passed after my very bad dream about my family , confrontation of my life and my transformation . 
 everything went back to the way it was , before i met blake , before i knew i was more than a human and before i changed . 
 blake 's been ignoring me for weeks and i do n't know why . 
 i did n't do anything to hurt him or his family . 
 diane too , she 's been distant from me . 
 it hurts to see them together . 
 i do n't own him or anything and she has her right to date anyone she wants . 
 i see them walk together to their classes and rumours are spreading that , they 're dating . 
 my inner hulk , i mean green monster will someday lose its control and breakout . 
 i sulk my way to the cafeteria when a big broad body blocks my way . 
 i sigh deeply not wanting to argue who this jerk is . 
 he 's not moving at all , meaning he is blocking me . 
 i slowly looked up , from the nike air shoes rising to his denim jeans topping off with fit gray t-shirt . 
 `` hey '' he says . 
 finally landing my eyes on the school 's casanova . 
 `` hi , jay . '' 
 i say dryly `` not so happy to see me , huh ? '' 
 seriously ? 
 why would this guy even talk to me ? 
 just cause i got blake 's attention weeks ago does n't mean i 'm datable . 
 ugh , let 's just get this over with . 
 `` not really . 
 what do you want ? '' 
 `` a date . '' 
 my eyes grew in stupidity and shock . 
 `` i 'm sorry , what ? '' 
 `` i want to date you . '' 
 he says as if it were normal . 
 for him anyway it is . 
 `` why would you even want that ? 
 did you hit your head or something ? 
 you probably have a concussion in your brain . '' 
 this guy is so annoying but hey , he 's pretty hot . 
 toned muscles , nice beach blond hair , charming blue eyes and killer smile . 
 `` well , i 've been wanting to ask you since freshman year but chickened out a lot . '' 
 seriously ? 
 he waited all those years ? 
 this just keeps getting more and more interesting . 
 `` yeah , sure you did . 
 then what ? 
 you became this cool football jock and thought better of me ? 
 i do n't think so . '' 
 sorry brain , but my mouth 's on a roll today and i do n't think i 'll let you interfere . 
 `` hey , just one date and we 'll see where it heads from there . '' 
 i think i 'll read magazines starting today , i 'll look for the article `` how to turn down a hot guy '' . 
 he 's getting annoying . 
 `` no . 
 i know how you pump-n-dump girls . 
 get over it . '' 
 the look on his face looks like it 's the very first time a girl has turned him down . 
 i do n't want to pity him and there 's always the tiny pain of rejection at first sight . 
 `` i 'm not giving up that easy ! '' 
 he shouts in the hallway right after i brushed pass him . 
 a week later , i 've started taking school seriously , my sudden `` break '' got my grades to drop . 
 since then , i come to school as early as possible . 
 i sit in a secluded area on the quad . 
 a tree stood behind me and i brought my small blanket to sit on . 
 i plan on sitting here for the rest of the school year . 
 no one else sits here with me except jeryn and daniel . 
 i told them about this place and they wanted to be with me . 
 i sit quietly and wait for my friends to come when i hear this guitar playing . 
 the guitar sounds so heavenly to my ears , it came nearer and nearer till i hear this sweet , majestic voice . 
 i close my eyes to savour his lovely voice . 
 i know that song . 
 it 's my favourite brighten song . 
 take a chance on a wounded heart pick a time , pick a place to start there 's no better time than now you say you 're waiting for someone to save me what 's the worst that can happen baby ? 
 just let love work it out who am i ? 
 who are you ? 
 what are we supposed to do ? 
 there is more to love then what we 're making who are we to complicate it ? 
 who do you want me to be ? 
 what do i think i need ? 
 true loves not fabricated who are we to try to make it ? 
 if there 's going to be a you and me we can just let love be people started to gather around me , so much for being secluded . 
 i notice they were n't looking at me , but the one who was playing . 
 jeryn and daniel look at me with this expression they use to one another when they 're lost in trance with each other 's eyes . 
 so easy , yet so hard to approach baby yes you are but i will give it one more try we could be together love longer than forever was we can give it one more time who am i ? 
 who are you ? 
 what are we supposed to do ? 
 there is more to love then what we 're making who are we to complicate it ? 
 what do you want me to be ? 
 what do i think i need ? 
 true love 's not fabricated who are we to try to make it ? 
 if there 's going to be a you and me we can just let love be i turn to look at the person playing . 
 i 'm struck breathless . 
 a sleek looking guy playing a guitar looking at me . 
 i stood up as he knelt down . 
 his dress pants crumple with his dress shirt as he kneels , his loafers did n't agree with the motion but complied . 
 and i try to be the one the one i 've never been with patience and an open heart and i will never run down the road again i 'm tired of being torn apart there is more to love then what we 're making who are we to complicate it ? 
 what do you want me to be ? 
 what do i think i need ? 
 true love 's not fabricated who are we to try to make it ? 
 if there 's going to be a you and me we can just let love be a tear escapes my eye , how did this happen ? 
 he 's the most obnoxious guy i 've ever met yet he still pulled this off . 
 i 'm not emotionally prepared for this . 
 `` karmyll debonair , i have never met any other girl who brushed me off just to eat lunch '' i have no idea where this is going but i 'll just keep listening hoping this ends well . 
 `` i know this is too late for me , but please will you give me a chance to prove to you i 'm better than what you think i am ? '' 
 whoa , there buddy . 
 i 'll date you but i 'm not gon na fall in love with you . 
 a smile crept up to my face i finally got my wits back . 
 `` all right . '' 
 i say quietly . 
 is that guy filming this ? 
 oh no , i 'll be exposed to the internet world and they might see this super star face and recruit me . 
 ha-ha . 
 like that will ever happen . 
 compared to this guy who came to me all-out-formal , i 'm wearing my all time low shirt , jeans and biker boots , oh and the yin-yang necklace with leather bracelets . 
 i really got it all wrong for him . 
 `` all right ? '' 
 a wide grin spread his face . 
 he slid his guitar on his back and picked me up by the thighs and carried me with a twirl . 
 i hold on to his shirt so i wo n't fall . 
 he sets me back down and hugs me endlessly . 
 `` finally ! 
 i 've been waiting for this day since freshman year ! '' 
 he exclaims . 
 and that ladies and gentlemen caught me completely off guard . 
 he was n't lying before , that 's a nice change for once . 
 the crowd cheers for his achievement and i blush in embarrassment . 
 he picks up my bag and my other stuff from the tree trunk and holds my hand . 
 `` where do you want to go for our first date ? '' 
 he asks as we enter the school . 
 they 're all looking at us . 
 if they 're not cheering on us , they 're gossiping about us . 
 i see blake and diane in my peripheral vision , they look pretty mad . 
 well , paybacks a smack in the head with a hard bound book . 
 i can feel blake 's eyes on me . 
 i can feel every ones eyes on me . 
 i think this is a very bad idea . 
 `` karmyll , are you okay ? '' 
 his voice broke my trip down guilt road . 
 `` oh yeah , i 'm okay . 
 let 's go to the amusement park on saturday . '' 
 i reply feeling a little stupid . 
 `` that sounds like a great idea ! '' 
 he holds on to my waist and tugs me closer to him . 
 i glance back and i see diane and blake 's eye colours glowing red and yellow , scowling at me , fury burning in them . 
 i think to myself , so what ? 
 as if they did n't leave me useless . 
 yes , i left his house in panic but did he chase me to make sure i was alright ? 
 no . 
 did he say he 'll always love me ? 
 yes . 
 did he visit me in the hospital after having broken ribs , a small concussion in my brain and a lot of bruises ? 
 no . 
 how about diane , did she lie to me ? 
 yes . 
 did she visit me ? 
 no . 
 did both of them leave me high and dry ? 
 hell yes . 
 with that concluded i feel guilt free . 
 chapter twenty saturday rolled into the week . 
 i 'm very excited with my very first date with jay . 
 i still do n't trust him though , i built my barriers ten times sturdier than before . 
 my guards are up , since i know what kind of guy this is . 
 i hope he just keeps date incident free . 
 last night jay and i texted , it was the usual ` how are you ' then after a while he called . 
 when we both fall asleep , underneath the same sky to the beat of our hearts at the same time so close but so far away she sleeps alone my heart wants to come home i wish i was , i wish i was beside you she lies awake i 'm trying to find the words to say i wish i was , i wish i was beside you he sang another of my favourite songs . 
 how can this guy be the same guy who 's been known as the casanova of the school ? 
 i 'm definitely not falling for this guy but it so hard to do that when he keeps doing this amazing things for me . 
 last week monday he sang to me to give him a chance . 
 tuesday , a bunch of guys keep giving me an arrangement of forget-me-not flowers each arrangement had notes in them like , '' i fell for you at first sight and i do n't mind falling all over again '' , `` is there something better than chocolate ? 
 answer : yes there is . 
 you . '' 
 and my personal favourite `` if literature is to shakespeare and science is to einstein . 
 my love is to what ? 
 answer : is to you . '' 
 they all might be corny but let 's be honest , they 're all incredibly funny and adorably touching . 
 wednesday , he got permission to use the fancy microphone of our principal , he announced : to the most wonderful girl i have ever loved , karmyll . 
 you made me the happiest guy in this cruel world of ours . 
 i feel myself blush whenever i remember that . 
 thursday , i opened my locker and found two tickets to the cab concert happening next week and they 're front row ! 
 a black tc shirt sat in the back of my locker and another note stuck on it . 
 out of the 7 billion people in this world , there 's only you . 
 friday , i found a huge box on top of my locker . 
 a pale rose pink box with a white ribbon sealing it . 
 another note stuck to it but its not the pickup lines he usually uses . 
 : please wear this on our date . 
 i know girls have a hard time dealing with this . 
 so here , a burden i gladly would take from you . 
 i do n't want to admit it but i 'm secretly falling for him or maybe its just a silly crush . 
 i stand in front of my full length mirror , wearing his gift . 
 he seems to be a dream boyfriend , huh ? 
 he gave me nude coloured leggings , knowing i 'm conservative , with denim shorts -lrb- appropriately cut on the thigh -rrb- , matching it with a white semi-long sleeves and blue rubber shoes . 
 the sleeves seem right and the shoes fit perfectly . 
 i wo n't wonder where he got my sizes cause i can bet one of the girls inspected me , out for his request , and got it right off the bat . 
 diane passes through my room and doubles back when she sees what i 'm wearing . 
 i forgot to mention i even placed some make up on my face and fixed my hair to look as feminine as i could be . 
 i dabbed light lipstick and brushed my lashes with a mascara . 
 i even drew on my eyebrows , but i failed on it epically . 
 they looked like rock lee 's eyebrows from naruto . 
 she inspects me head to toe gives me this unusual expression and walks away . 
 i wonder what happened to the girl who kept insisting we were sisters , the girl who stood by me as i to her , the girl who i love as my sister . 
 she 's gone . 
 like blake , the guy who says i 'm his soul mate yet ignores me and lets me go because of some unknown reason . 
 i sigh the depressing thoughts out of me , i faked a smile to myself in the mirror . 
 you 've got a hot date today so do n't let those depressing thoughts control you . 
 the door bell rings and i rush to the door to see if my date came early . 
 i grab the matching denim back pack and pull the door open . 
 my smile flies away and my day just got ruined . 
 `` hi , you look beautiful '' he says . 
 looking at me head to toe , just like diane . 
 `` whatever , what do you want ? '' 
 i growl . 
 `` we need to talk . '' 
 `` oh now we need to talk , just before my date starts , puppy brain wants to talk ? 
 fat chance buddy , '' he stood there silently absorbing my rants . 
 `` sorry blake , i have a date . '' 
 i brush past him and went to the waiting shed right across my house . 
 `` he 's not coming . '' 
 wow . 
 just wow , this guy comes to me asks me to talk to him right before my date and says he 's not coming ? 
 what 's his deal ? 
 he abandoned me , well i ran away , but that does n't mean you should stop caring about your friends . 
 i pull out my phone and start calling jay . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i say excitedly `` oh hey ! 
 i 'm getting ready , are you ready ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` yeah , i 'm just waiting for you here in the shed alone . '' 
 i emphasize on the word alone so blake would get the point but he did n't . 
 `` i 'm coming ! 
 do n't wait there alone someone might get you . '' 
 his worried voice makes me smile . 
 awe , at least someone cares . 
 `` okay ! 
 i 'll wait for you in the house . 
 bye ! '' 
 `` bye kar , i love you '' i click the end call and continue to ignore blake . 
 `` he 's lying you know . '' 
 blake says . 
 `` will you just go away ? '' 
 i growl . 
 `` no . 
 we need to talk . '' 
 `` we just did , and i 'm ending it . 
 good bye . '' 
 i step on the pedestrian lane , ready to cross the street when a car comes running towards me . 
 i do n't stop walking and eventually the car passed me incident free . 
 blake on the other hand was ready to push me off the road , i proved him wrong . 
 i glance back to the shed , he 's gone . 
 good . 
 i turn toward my house and there he is on our front porch . 
 `` what do you want from me !? '' 
 i shout at him . 
 `` i want to talk to you . 
 jay is n't what you think he is ! '' 
 he shouts back . 
 `` oh like you know everything ! '' 
 i roll my eyes to him . 
 `` i do n't care anymore blake , you and diane left me high and dry that night . 
 i do n't give a damn about what you say to me now or ever . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , okay . 
 i am . 
 i did n't know what to do so i asked diane for help and she just told me to keep away from you . 
 it 's killing me to see you with him . '' 
 `` blake , i do n't know whether to trust you or not with what you 're saying . 
 i ca n't do this now . '' 
 i walk past him and he grips my arm . 
 he pulls me to him and kisses me , demanding my lips to kiss back . 
 i push him away , but kept still in his arms . 
 `` blake ... '' i say but i ca n't find the words to say . 
 he loosens his grip on me and walks away . 
 i stand there stupidly for a few minutes and a midnight blue cayman race porsche sat on my driveway . 
 `` karmyll , you look so nice '' jay emerges from his car and comes to hugs me . 
 reality seeps in my head . 
 your date starts now . 
 if you make a fool out of yourself you 're done . 
 get it together kar ! 
 `` thanks . 
 it 's amazing how you got my sizes right . '' 
 he holds my hand and leads me to his sexy car . 
 he opens the passenger side like a gentle man and moves to the driver 's side . 
 `` so , i was thinking ... '' he starts . 
 `` you do n't want to date me . '' 
 i say flatly . 
 `` no , i was n't gon na say that . 
 wait let me rephrase that . 
 no , i 'm never gon na say that . '' 
 `` oh , okay good . 
 cause i went through a lot of trouble to look feminine to impress you . '' 
 i say , to lighten up my incredibly sulky life . 
 he chuckles and continues what he was supposed to say . 
 `` i was thinking we should go to a park before the amusement park . '' 
 `` oh , okay . 
 that sounds fun . '' 
 and we finally leave . 
 chapter twenty one we drive in silence , well not really silent . 
 music played during the drive to the park , jay was super cool and hot at the same time while he drove but i felt super awkward . 
 its like the radio knew how i was feeling about him . 
 i hung up the phone tonight something happened for the first time deep inside it was a rush what a rush 'cause the possibility that you would ever feel the same way about me it 's just too much just too much why do i keep running from the truth ? 
 all i ever think about is you you got me hypnotized so mesmerized and i 've just got to know i wish jay would just change the station and have rock music blare his speakers but he looks like he 's enjoying the song and i do n't want to ruin that . 
 or do i ? 
 i left the radio be when the chorus came i felt something inside me spark . 
 not the same spark that i keep getting from blake . 
 this one is a little weak but still made itself known . 
 do you ever think when you 're all alone all that we could be ? 
 where this thing could go ? 
 am i crazy or falling in love ? 
 is it real or just another crush ? 
 do you catch a breath when i look at you ? 
 are you holding back like the way you do ? 
 'cause i 'm trying , trying to walk away but i know this crush ai n't going away going away i 'm starting to think that this was chosen by jay . 
 but its just a crazy idea anyway , by the time the date starts i have to relax myself and not think about what 's - his-name said , bitter much ? 
 yeah . 
 we parked three reserved parking lots away from the gate . 
 we went in and told myself `` let the fun begin . '' 
 we walked along the park and even rode a carriage going to the amusement park . 
 i felt all princessy in the carriage , like cinderella ! 
 oh , no , wait , that carriage became a full pumpkin in the end . 
 oh , like fiona ! 
 no , her carriage was shaped like a garlic , probably smells like it too . 
 well , whatever , i still felt like a royalty . 
 jay never left my side , he was either holding my waist , hand or shoulder . 
 it 's nice having someone handle you with care , unlike the big bad wolf who strategically blamed himself for hurting me when i was fine and ignored me for my safety . 
 thinking of blake made me furious and depressed . 
 i wish he was the one i was with today not jay . 
 jay is nice and all but he 's not blake . 
 its so weird that i 've only been with blake for a few months and i feel like we 've been together for a long time . 
 jay pulls me to the knock over the bottles booth and i get myself back into the game . 
 i smile at him , he looks so excited to play . 
 he looks like a little boy who wants that stuffed toy so badly . 
 he gives the man a ticket and he gives him 3 too soft to be even called tennis balls . 
 `` get one karmyll , i 'll have the other two . '' 
 jay says . 
 awe he 's so sweet but i think i should just let him play this one . 
 since we 've already lost so many games because of me and my brilliant stupidity . 
 `` no , its okay . 
 i 'll let you have this one . '' 
 i smile back to him , reassuring him it 's fine for him to play this alone . 
 `` okay , but if i win that bear i 'm not sharing it '' he teases and flashes me his million money smile . 
 he 's sweet but he 's still the arrogant jay that i know . 
 during those courting time , by that i mean the open-heart conversations we 've been having , he 's just normal . 
 he was never a casanova , people only said it cause he looked like one . 
 i felt bad for him , his play boy reputation made him look like a popular air head jock . 
 when in fact he 's really a poet by heart and a great all-manly guy you could imagine . 
 i see myself falling for this guy but what about blake ? 
 what about him ? 
 he hurt you and left . 
 move on people ! 
 life sucks but there always a better end to it all . 
 jay throws the first ball and missed . 
 i think he did that on purpose , he pouts like an adorable puppy and pulls me to him for support or comfort . 
 i hug his waist which is entirely sexy since i can feel his toned abs from his shirt . 
 karmyll ! 
 gross ! 
 do n't you even dare think of anything stupid ! 
 i snapped from self scolding and jay tosses the second ball and hits the top bottle . 
 i squeal in excitement since he got it . 
 he flashes me a million money smile and grabs the last ball . 
 he adjusts his stance , with me on his back , he stretches back and throws the ball right into the bottles . 
 in that short second i do n't know what i saw if it was real or not but i think jay 's arm grew big in muscles and had a claw wrapped on the ball . 
 i blink to make sure i was just hallucinating , i look back to his arm and its completely normal . 
 this makes it official , i 've totally lost it . 
 `` here you go '' the man in the booth says as he gives jay the stuffed pure white bear . 
 `` oh , thanks . '' 
 he says and takes it from him . 
 `` you 've got a good arm there boy . '' 
 `` thanks '' jay says as he studies the bear . 
 `` you 've got a fine young man with you missy '' the man tells me . 
 oh yes , i do . 
 `` i 'm a lucky gal . '' 
 i managed to say , i can feel jay smiling at me as i said it . 
 i turn to him and he looks so proud that he got the bear and have me give a say to the compliment . 
 `` here '' he pushes the bear to my face . 
 i blinked so fast i 'm not even sure i did blink . 
 `` i thought you said you never share . '' 
 i say holding onto the bear . 
 `` i said i never shared but i did n't say i never give '' he grins to me . 
 `` smooth move there , jackson but i 'll just take it as a remembrance for our date . '' 
 i said coolly . 
 nice ! 
 i still have my wits with me ! 
 all i have to do now is to not swoon on him . 
 `` you 're beautiful , you know that ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 did one of those tennis balls hit your head and made you talk like that , or you 're saying that to have the bear back ? '' 
 `` karmyll , just say thank you so we could move on now . '' 
 he teases me . 
 i feel so stupid right now , the only ones who told me i 'm beautiful were my family , to me it seemed like a requirement for them to say it . 
 `` fine , thank you . '' 
 i shove him playfully and he wraps his arm around my waist even tighter . 
 he nuzzles into my hair and whispers in my ear . 
 `` you 're very much welcome . '' 
 i feel these butterflies in me rage but it felt less weaker . 
 my heart beats twice fast but it did n't skip much beats like how blake does it . 
 weird . 
 the date ends and we go back to his car , while we walked i could sense someone watching me , watching us . 
 maybe its just a feeling but as we kept moving the watcher seemed getting closer and closer . 
 i groaned internally and pulled jay as i lead him to the source of my discomfort . 
 we came up to a big tree and saw a couple in coats , hats and sunglasses . 
 so not suspicious . 
 i stood in arms length from jay as we approached the odd couple . '' 
 what do you guys think you 're doing ? '' 
 i say in an annoyed mother tone . 
 the girl turns around and pushes the guy with her in front of her to become a human shield . '' 
 we 're sorry ! 
 it was my idea to follow you . 
 we 'll it was both of our ideas , you know how it works . '' 
 she explains . 
 `` jeryn seriously ? 
 if you just wanted to come we could have had a double date . '' 
 i say as a matter of fact . 
 jay comes to my side and holds my waist like a possessive guy he is . 
 `` oh , hey what 's up man ? '' 
 jay nears daniel and gives each other the traditional bro hand - hug shake . 
 `` nothing , just playing spy on our best friend '' he says nonchalantly . 
 jeryn closes the space between us and hugs me like a teddy bear that was just won from a game . 
 `` i 'm really sorry kar . 
 we did n't mean to ruin your date . 
 we just wanted to make sure you had fun and you were safe and okay and , oh gosh , i should 've just called . 
 we 're really sorry kar . '' 
 my heart melts with her genuine concern for me . 
 i love my best friend-slash-little sister and big brother . 
 siblings who i grew up with knowing even if diane was a sister to me , these two will forever be my favourite siblings by bond . 
 `` its okay , jeryn we were just heading home when i felt you watching me . '' 
 i giggle and tickle her a bit . '' 
 i was just so concerned you know , i was worried you gon na have a bad day with him . '' '' 
 i 'm right here , jeryn , right here '' jay says . 
 he 's so cute when he looks clueless . 
 `` since you 're still in one piece i 'm taking this girl away from your business kar . 
 see you ! '' 
 daniel effortlessly slings jeryn in his arms and walks away with jeryn facing the back . 
 `` see you , take care you two ! '' 
 waving to my siblings-by-bond made me complete . 
 the two of them always filled the unhappy gap in my heart and leave me smiling . 
 `` they sure do love you like i do . '' 
 jay states as he looked into the direction the two just left . 
 `` whoa there pretty boy , do n't go all mushy on me tonight . '' 
 i tease as i held on to his waist , which i enjoy touching , and lead him back to the car . 
 we drove back with another awkward song for me yet totally normal for him . 
 i knew how dates ended , based from all the teen movies , music videos and ya novels , i just did n't expect any of this to happen . 
 in the music 's beat i just hope jay wo n't do what i fantasize him to do . 
 cause when i 'm kissing you my senses come alive . 
 almost like the puzzle piece i 've been trying to find falls right into place you 're all that it takes my doubts fade away when i 'm kissing you when i 'm kissing you it all starts making sense and all the questions i 've been asking in my head like , `` are you the one ? 
 should i really trust ? '' 
 crystal clear it becomes when i 'm kissing you he walks me up to my front porch and said our good nights . 
 he did n't , unfortunately , kiss me . 
 he hugged my tight and gave a peck on my cheek . 
 he left and i waited for his car to fully disappear . 
 i sensed another being in the area . 
 not human . 
 my guards were up and i carefully walked around the house . 
 i sensed it go to the east side of the house . 
 but that side leads to the forest . 
 i kept walking and walking till suddenly two large arms cover my shoulders and a small hand muffles my terrified scream . 
 chapter twenty two '' sshhh , be quiet . '' 
 diane whispers . 
 what in libraries ' name was going on . 
 blake carrying me like i 'm some kind of human sized doll , and diane has her handkerchief cover my mouth , we move slowly away from the being i was following . 
 i 'm freaking out with what they 're doing at the same time the presence i felt a while ago disappeared . 
 blake drags me to the back porch entering the kitchen with diane still covering my mouth . 
 `` its gone . '' 
 she exhales in full relief . 
 i bite her hand and she gives out a small yelp and steps back . 
 `` karmyll , really ? 
 biting , there 's got ta be something wrong with you . '' 
 blake says . 
 `` could somebody tell me what the hell were you just doing to me ? '' 
 i raise my voice to emphasize my freak out moment is still imprinted on me . 
 `` a darkling was sent to kill you . '' 
 blake casually says like ` how 's - the-weather ' kind of crap . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 darkling ? '' 
 `` i saw that darkling this morning before you left . 
 i did n't know how to handle it . 
 i asked blake to come because i though he knew how to handle it . 
 i was scared to tell you this morning and i panicked in my room . 
 mom and dad told me to leave it to them when they , themselves are mia '' her voice cracks in all her words . 
 diane crumbles to the kitchen floor . 
 my sister . 
 she 's back . 
 i knew she would come back . 
 i kneel to her and comforted her like when we were kids again . 
 if i were in here shoes i 'd be panicking myself but this is a side totally different for the both of us . 
 we sat there held on to each other like our life depended on it and i listened to her agonizing cries . 
 blake head to god-knows-where and left us be . 
 when diane fell asleep in exhaustion , right in time blake comes back to carry my sister into her room . 
 an hour later auntie maryn comes out from her quarters and prepares dinner . 
 i convinced her that i 'll do it all and she should rest , she took the bait and left me with blake . 
 we idled in the living room . 
 tension ran in our silence till ' he broke the trance . 
 `` karmyll , i 'm sorry i ignored you . 
 i 'm sorry i 've hurt you . 
 just please listen . 
 jay is not what you think he is . 
 he 's one of us , a supernatural being . '' 
 something in me snaps . 
 `` oh yeah , prove it ! '' 
 i turned to leave him be , instead i thought this would be a chance to finally tell him how i feel . 
 `` karmyll , please . '' 
 he begs . 
 `` blake , we 've been friends for over a month . 
 within those months , we spent it all in each other 's company . 
 you taught me that i 'm not human . 
 i was born with some crazy-fairy tale dna . 
 knowing this things in me , scares every single cell out of me . 
 i grew up not knowing these things and you pop into the picture and just throw this `` you 're a supernatural '' bomb at me . 
 after weeks of sinking all these information in my head i finally collapse . 
 when i broke down you did n't do anything . 
 you told me you loved me but left me in the hospital feeling abandoned . 
 heartbroken . 
 and useless . 
 and when i recovered you what did you do ? 
 you ignored me even started dating my sister . 
 then what ? 
 a friend of mine finally asks me out who gives and does amazing things for me then you come back barging in treating me like i 'm yours to own . 
 why blake ? 
 why ? 
 i had the most amazing 2 months being your friend . 
 and was hoping just more than that . 
 what happened blake ? '' 
 he stands in the corner of the room helpless , shameful , defeated and regretful . 
 i feel awful . 
 wait more than that . 
 i feel like a heartless witch . 
 but how can i not be one ? 
 he broke my heart and left . 
 a good guy walks into the picture and rescues my broken heart . 
 then he comes back telling me to betray the guy who saved me . 
 `` karmyll , please i do n't want you hurt . 
 i 'm sorry everything i 've done . 
 i 'm not even dating diane . 
 i go to her and ask her if she sees your future , she said no . 
 she ca n't see your future which terrifies me a lot . 
 i did n't leave you to rot in the hospital , you healed not rot . 
 i just thought you would need time to get better . '' 
 blake drops down on his knees completely broken down . 
 i look at him and feel his pain . 
 i can feel his pain ? 
 his sorrows flow throughout my body and the heart ache he carries hurt me too . 
 my body betrays my mind and bends to hold him . 
 i cradle his head in my arms and he holds onto me so tight that i might not be able to breathe . 
 `` i ca n't lose you now that i finally found you . '' 
 his breathy words made me crumble in surrender . 
 he was scared to the unknown to my future being . 
 he knew nothing of my future . 
 even that scares me . 
 i should have known better . 
 we sat there for an hour or so till ' we came back to our senses . 
 blake 's human even if some fairytale dna flowed through his veins . 
 and so is ever one else . 
 just because those who can wield a wand , turn into animals , see the future or even fly ca n't be what they are without having a human heart . 
 that heart carries emotions to either encourage you to a better life or corrupt your mind into malice . 
 we move to the big leather sofa bed and got ourselves rested . 
 he rested as for me , the nightmares just keep getting worse and worse . 
 `` i almost got her ! 
 curses , we should have taken her from the park when we had the chance . '' 
 a woman in a black over-all said . 
 `` patience , we will get her . '' 
 a voice from nowhere answered . 
 his voice echoes in my head . 
 he sounded like a creepy slytherin housed dark vader . 
 `` we will get her . '' 
 chapter twenty three i woke up held in blake 's arms , the kitchen lights were on and someone was moving around . 
 oh my gosh , i slept in the living room with blake , no privacy , and some witnesses will ask what i did with him . 
 i got up and rushed to the kitchen , worried it might be my parents but it was only aunt maryn who was there . 
 `` good morning sweetie '' she greets . 
 her smile relieves me from my worries . 
 `` g'morning '' i reply . 
 i sit by the counter and just observe her . 
 `` that 's a good looking man , you have there '' she cheerfully teases . 
 i blush knowing what she knows . 
 how do i explain the hot , sexy boy sleeping so adorably on the sofa ? 
 she 's met blake already though , but only once . 
 mouth ? 
 brain ? 
 help ! 
 before i could say anything she continues . 
 `` its okay karmyll , you do n't have to explain . '' 
 smiles at me while she mixes the pancake batter . 
 `` so , details my dear . 
 you know i love your uncle tommy , but it just makes me feel younger hearing about your love affair . '' 
 i giggle at her , she 's so open to me . 
 will i be able to tell her the truth ? 
 am i ever gon na find the guts to tell her ? 
 i stood up and hugged her . 
 `` i love you aunt maryn . '' 
 she sets the batter aside and hugs me back . 
 `` i love you too , dear . 
 what 's gotten in your head ? '' 
 she playfully teases me by pretending to take my temperature with her hand . 
 `` i got fairies ' and wolves dancing in my head . '' 
 i say . 
 which is telling the truth somehow . 
 she playfully hits my bottom and makes me go back to my seat . 
 `` sit . 
 wait for the pancakes to be ready . 
 oh , tell me how your date went . '' 
 i tell her the whole story . 
 from the sweet serenade in school to the sexy awkward drive home . 
 of course i only told her the parts where jay was involved . 
 i spoke silence about blake . 
 she squeals in some parts and blushed more than twice . 
 she 's so adorable . 
 i hope she does n't asks about ... `` so if the date and courting days went very well , why are you in dream world with blake ? '' 
 too late . 
 she asked about my unwanted part of life . 
 might as well pour my heart now than later . 
 `` the dates went great but it 's just ... '' `` jay is not blake . '' 
 she got my full point right of the bat . 
 how 'd she do that ? 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i weakly replied . 
 i 'm an emotional wreck , wait no , i 'm titanic . 
 the ice berg is life and the humourless workers of the ship are my feelings . 
 chaotic . 
 `` karmyll , do n't worry . 
 before i officially became you uncle 's , i had crazy crushes with the back street boys . 
 i thought i 'd marry one of them one day . '' 
 i laughed really loud . 
 i finally laughed , for a long time now i thought i forgot how to do that . 
 i missed laughing so much that the silly tale just made me want to come up for air from laughing . 
 `` oh , dear . 
 do n't laugh at my girly crush . 
 when you were a little girl i remember you telling me you were so in love with channing tatum . '' 
 i laughed louder and had tears streaming down my cheeks . 
 `` hey , i still do love him ! '' 
 i defend . 
 `` like seriously auntie maryn ? 
 how can you not like him ? '' 
 channing tatum is incredible . 
 his dance moves in step up , his dramatic side in dear john , his over-all awkwardly cuteness in she 's the man and last but never the least his action-pack movies that just got him going ! 
 `` dear , all i see in that boy is testosterone and masculinity . 
 no charms . '' 
 she defends her side . 
 `` okay , but i 'm telling you , when you see one of his movies you he 'll charm your pants off '' i state to her . 
 as she places the first batch of pancakes on the table . 
 `` we 'll see . '' 
 she smiles mischievously . 
 `` kindly wake up blake and your sister for breakfast . 
 your parents have n't been home lately . 
 such a bad habit since they 're raising two teenage girls , and the other has a boy with her . '' 
 she winks at me and i feel myself heat rise through my body . 
 i 'm in ultimate full body blush mode ! 
 i move to the living room and wake blake up . 
 which is as usual , an epic fail . 
 waking up guys are so difficult ! 
 `` blake , blake , blake , wake up ! '' 
 i nudge his elbow but to no avail . 
 i push him to wake up and he squints to my direction . 
 his eyes widen and sits straight up and holds on to me . 
 `` i thought it was just a dream . '' 
 he breathes into my hair . 
 i hug him back to calm his increasingly beating heart . 
 `` i thought i lost you to that darkling , it was just a bad dream . '' 
 `` its okay blake , i 'm right here . 
 i 'm here . '' 
 i comb his hair with my hand . 
 his hair is so soft even though his clothes are all ragged from what ? 
 running in the forest ? 
 tree climbing ? 
 zip lining from the mountain 's peak to the foot of it ? 
 that last one seems fun . 
 he relaxes and i see auntie maryn over his shoulders and she 's smiling at me wickedly . 
 i stick my tongue out and smile warmly back . 
 she just laughs and continues the second batch of pancakes . 
 `` hey , '' i look into his eye full of pain and fear . 
 `` auntie maryn is in the kitchen making breakfast . 
 you should go there . 
 i 'll just wake up diane and come back , okay ? '' 
 his eyes are so pure with concern that i feel like i do n't want to let him go . 
 with every problem of ours resolved last night , i 'll be careful with how i handle situations worse than this . 
 he looks like a lost little boy who just found something more incredible than life . 
 love . 
 he stands slowly and took his time walking to the dining table . 
 i watch him slumping his shoulders and getting it all together and walking straight like he did n't break down moments ago . 
 men . 
 they act all tough and masculine but when a certain time comes they just lose it all . 
 i make my way up the stairs to wake my sister . 
 she 's still sleeping like an innocent puppy , black dog , that she is . 
 i move into her fairy-puked room . 
 rose pink walls , bed with purple comforter surrounding my sister hanging above it are green , blue , purple , pink and white soft tulle cascading from the ceiling . 
 a white and robin blue desk on the side with her ` office ' , she calls it office too like me , a full body mirror on the fast south-east of the room near the bathroom door . 
 a huge closet in the west wing of her fairy palace . 
 i sit on her bedside and just look at her face , so innocent and pure . 
 but looks could be deceiving nowadays , i missed her so much . 
 i move closer to wake her up but something utterly disturbing caught my eyes . 
 she 's handcuffed to the bed frame . 
 i open the drawers of her bedside table to look for the key . 
 none . 
 i quietly moved every single thing in her room for the key , but i ca n't find it . 
 diane wakes up from the small noises i 've been making . 
 `` hey , good morning to you too . '' 
 she says , i flinched by her voice like i was caught doing something really , really bad . 
 i did n't want to play dumb and let this pass so i asked directly . 
 `` diane , where are the keys to those hand cuffs ? '' 
 my panicky voice giving my charade to not caring off . 
 `` oh this ? '' 
 she raises her cuffed hand `` you do n't need a key for this . '' 
 she explains . 
 `` then how will you get out of bed ? '' '' 
 i 'll need someone to whisper to it . '' 
 i stare at her completely clueless about what she just said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i need another person to release me . 
 how do i explain this to your level ? 
 uh ... '' she thinks deeply to solve the problem on how to dumbify the solution for her cuffs . 
 an idea pops into her head and asks me to come closer . 
 `` just say , da mihi amorem . 
 hurry cause i need to use the bathroom badly . '' 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 i quizzically ask . 
 `` it means ` release my love ' in latin . '' 
 i move closer to her handcuff and whisper the words fed to me . 
 the handcuffs disintegrated when i said it and disappeared into thin air . 
 not a single proof left that it was there . 
 cool ! 
 but freaky . 
 `` thank you ! '' 
 she squeals and rushes to the bathroom . 
 i could hear it all , gross . 
 better hearing than smelling , i should say . 
 `` hey ! 
 come down for breakfast okay ? '' 
 i shout to her bathroom door . 
 `` i will ! 
 tell auntie maryn to make hot choco for me ! '' 
 she yells right after i hear toilet flushing . 
 `` i do n't think so , she 's my nanny and yours have gone missing ! '' 
 i tease . 
 i run down stairs and finally have breakfast . 
 blake seems to be reviving himself with the nth helping . 
 the pancakes are not entirely gone but only three pieces are left . 
 better leave that for diane . 
 auntie maryn started cooking hotdog , bacon and fried rice , my tummy grumbles for it . 
 `` i think somebody is too eager to eat what i 'm cooking . '' 
 she teases me . 
 was it that loud ? 
 did blake hear it ? 
 i glance at blake and he seems smiling at himself like hiding his chuckle . 
 omg , he heard it ! 
 embarrassing !!! 
 diane comes to the room and eats like a truck driver . 
 wow , she 's hungry . 
 we have that family aura flowing in the house and we laughed , teased , enjoyed each other 's company . 
 uncle tommy came hours later and joined in the happy mood . 
 embarrassing stories were topped off by the other , silly jokes were thrown to each other . 
 this . 
 this are the people i want to protect . 
 to love . 
 to have in my life . 
 once i can control my powers , i have to discover them first though , i 'll do everything i can to keep them safe . 
 nothing , no one could demolish my faith in them . 
 the day flies so fast that uncle tommy has to go and work and blake has to go home . 
 diane and i stay and just have the normal teenage girl bonding moment . 
 except she had me cuff her back to her bed , this time she told me to whisper concludens in carcerem , servum meum . 
 meaning `` imprison my slave . '' 
 `` where 'd you ever get this kinky handcuff ? 
 wait , no , why are you even handcuffed ? '' 
 `` it keeps me from going wild from changing . '' 
 she says dryly . 
 `` where 'd you get it ? '' 
 i do n't want to sound suspicious but i just ca n't help but ask . 
 `` a family friend gave it while you were gone . '' 
 `` gone ? 
 ah , the weekend in blake 's house . '' 
 `` yeah , which by the way you have n't gushed up about '' teasing rages on , but i 'm too tired . 
 `` i 'll tell you , when friends start season 11 . '' 
 i giggle since there wo n't be any , hopefully . 
 `` ha-ha . 
 whatever karmyll , '' she throws a pillow to me `` good night . '' 
 `` good night , sleep sweet . '' 
 i smile as i close her door . 
 the sun has gone to bed and so must i. i kiss aunty maryn good night , since my parents are mia . 
 i sought sleep in my room , i plopped down on my never-before fixed bed and closed my eyes . 
 `` i will get you ! '' 
 that slytherin housed dark vader comes back in my head . 
 `` you can never lay a hand on me ! '' 
 i shout back into nothingness . 
 `` i can , my dear . 
 do n't push your luck . 
 you will die in my hands . '' 
 the shadow reaches for my arm and i jump back to a wall . 
 it grabs my arm and claws scrape me . 
 `` aaahh !!!! '' i scream in my dream and feel all the pain surge on my arm . 
 i shoot up from my bed and ran to the other side of the room still screaming , i stare at my arm . 
 claws dug deep in my skin and engraved death on it . 
 chapter twenty four this secret life must stop , i have to tell someone about this . 
 i ca n't keep hiding them what i feel about this whole thing . 
 i go to the bathroom and splash water on my face to wake myself . 
 i took a shower too just to really wake myself up . 
 after i 've finished i wipe the steam from the mirror . 
 a solid shadow stood behind me , it rushed to me . 
 i gasped and fell on the floor , an instinct of mine grabbed the silver scissors in a box i kept all this time below the sink and stabbed the solid shadow . 
 it disappeared right after i stabbed it , i reluctantly moved out of the bathroom to my room , wearing only my bath robe . 
 `` karmyll !!! '' 
 i hear diane 's ear screeching scream in her room , screaming in terror . 
 i left all my fears , that does n't include the bathrobe , and ran straight to diane 's room . 
 `` karmyll ! '' 
 she breathes as she sees my face emerge from the door . 
 relief washes through her face and the almost faints when i came close to her . 
 almost . 
 `` diane ! 
 da mihi amorem ! '' 
 i shout while moving to her . 
 the handcuffs disappear and she hugs me like i could anchor her from the strong waves . 
 `` i - i saw a darkling in your room ! 
 he was there , i saw him ! 
 h-how , how 'd you ? 
 never mind ! 
 i 'm so , i do n't know , he came too close to you . 
 and even at a time a girl does n't want to be seen yet . '' 
 she jokes weakly . 
 `` i 'm fine , diane . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 i reassure her , but i 'm not . 
 how could i be fine ? 
 when some unknown shadow just tried to kill me in my bathroom and half nude too ! 
 i hug her back to comfort her when her bedroom suddenly shatters . 
 `` karmyll ! '' 
 blake swoops down from the frame and hugs me just like diane . 
 `` oh , my god ! 
 how-why did you do that ? '' 
 i exclaim , how will i explain how the window broke ? 
 he releases me and stands within arms ' reach . 
 `` i felt wrong when i left , i knew something was wrong . 
 what the hell is this on your arm ? '' 
 oh crap ! 
 i forgot about that , i was suppose to hide that or at least draw on it with a black marker to make it look like a tattoo . 
 too late , i have to explain myself now . 
 before i could say anything i hear running on the stairs , aunt maryn ! 
 i turn to blake to tell him to hide but he 's gone . 
 diane gestures to her bed . 
 under her bed . 
 how 'd he fit there ? 
 `` girls ! 
 i heard screaming and a broken glass ! '' 
 aunt maryn rushes to our side and hugs us like no tomorrow . 
 `` i screamed cause my window broke . '' 
 diane reasons out . 
 `` i heard you scream before the window broke . '' 
 aunt maryn sweeps her hand on diane 's face . 
 `` no , auntie maryn , she screamed after her window broke '' i push . 
 `` i 'm just so worried with the two of you , i do n't know which came first . '' 
 worry washes through her face . 
 i feel so sorry for lying to her . 
 but i hope someday i will come clean to her . 
 `` we 're really sorry for worrying you . 
 we 'll get someone to fix that tomorrow . '' 
 i hug her sincerely , i feel guilt locking up in my chest . 
 `` diane , why do n't you stay in karmyll 's room while your window is n't fixed yet ? 
 i 'll close up the curtains , you go . '' 
 aunt maryn suggests . 
 tears burn my eyes and i hugs her again . 
 `` okay , anything for you auntie maryn . '' 
 diane replies and wobbles in fear to my room . 
 i help diane walk to my room and she request me to cuff her again , i complied . 
 she took the bed and i sleep on the floor , `` good night girls . '' 
 aunt maryn says from my door frame . 
 `` good night . '' 
 diane and i say in unison . 
 i hear her head down stairs and i sneak into diane 's room to collect the boogie man under her bed . 
 `` it 's clear . '' 
 i whisper , he crawls out like a militant and i giggle at him . 
 his huge body somehow fit in there . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he says as he follows me to my room . 
 `` it 's just a wonder how you fit under her bed . 
 do n't answer that , or i 'll never get to laugh again '' he sits on my office while i took a seat beside the bed . 
 `` how 'd you do it ? '' 
 diane whispers . 
 `` do what ? 
 lie to aunt maryn ? 
 not that easy , i can feel guilt eating me . '' 
 i breathe . 
 `` not that . 
 how 'd you get rid of the darkling ? '' 
 that got blake 's attention . 
 `` you got rid of a darkling ? 
 i 'm more than glad you survived it . '' 
 `` yeah , you and me both . '' 
 i say , recalling the epic bathroom battle . 
 i totally forgot i 'm only wearing a bathrobe ! 
 i rush to my drawers and grab underwear and whatever i got . 
 i ran to the bathroom and dressed lightning speed . 
 i kept the scissors in its jewellery box and i came out , he looks at me bewildered while she looks at me wickedly . 
 `` what was that about ? '' 
 he says . 
 like he does n't know ! 
 `` i was wondering when you were gon na dress up '' she giggles . 
 `` you could 've told me , you know . 
 he '' i point at blake '' could have seen my unmentionables ! '' 
 blake flinches and acts all innocent , wait , its not an act . 
 he really did n't know . 
 cute , but no points for gryffindor . 
 `` she was bare under her bathrobe '' diane teases him . 
 he stares at like why-didn ` t-you-tell-me kind of look . 
 `` you , go to sleep . 
 you 're the reason i forgot . '' 
 i face diane , now blake . 
 `` you , we just made up last night and now you smash into windows , you fix that . '' 
 i demand . 
 `` i wo n't go to sleep unless you tell us how 'd you get rid of that darkling . '' 
 she 's so stubborn . 
 ugh . 
 `` i agree , you should tell us . 
 we could use this to our advantage . '' 
 i sigh at their stubbornness . 
 i went back to the bathroom and brought out the jewellery box . 
 i opened it and pulled the silver scissors out from it . 
 i did n't even notice the elegant engravings on it . 
 diane sits up and move 's back to the head board of my bed and blake moves back as well . 
 `` where 'd you get that ? '' 
 diane cautiously asks . 
 `` i do n't really remember but i 've always kept it . 
 when i saw the darkling i grabbed this and stabbed it . 
 it disappeared right after i did it . '' 
 i say casually . 
 `` well , keep it . 
 right . 
 now . '' 
 blake 's commander voice alarms me and i placed it back safely in my cabinet . 
 `` okay , but would you please tell me why you guys are freaking out ? '' 
 i move back to my seat on the floor near the bed . 
 `` karmyll , that thing you have can kill us . '' 
 diane whispers in fear . 
 a tear even escaped her eye . 
 i blinked , confused . 
 the scissors can kill them ? 
 `` like duh diane , any sharp object could kill anyone . '' 
 `` no , kar . 
 we heal easily from everything but that , that can permanently get rid of our lives . '' 
 blake 's words scare me , can permanently get rid of our lives . 
 `` i ca n't keep stabbing darklings without any training . '' 
 i say `` i need more than just the motion of pushing the scissors to their bodies and pulling it out to repeat on another darkling . '' 
 i say to lighten up the dark and serious mood around us , it worked . 
 diane and blake laughed a little and i think this is gon na be an interesting life to live . 
 `` i know a guy who knows martial arts , but i do n't think this is going to be a good news as it should be . '' 
 i think i know who this guy might be . 
 we look at each other and as i shook my head she nodded hers . 
 `` who ? '' 
 blake interrupts our eye-conversation `` jay . '' 
 diane plainly says as i wince for his reaction . 
 `` why him ! '' 
 he shouts quietly , i 'm in trouble for this . 
 `` why not him ? '' 
 diane insists `` look we get it , you do n't like him since you do n't want him around my incredibly irresistible sister but let 's face it . 
 you know how to fight these darklings in your wolf form and i do n't think karmyll will ever transform to a wolf even though her father 's a wolf . '' 
 i sit there completely shocked how did she know about all this ? 
 `` how 'd you know diane ? '' 
 i ask feeling betrayed . 
 `` karmyll , those weeks we , well stayed away from you . 
 blake filled me up on your back ground and i needed some time to sink it all in . 
 then i concentrated on finding out on your future and controlling my powers but i do n't see anything till ' you allow me to . 
 your barriers are n't figurative anymore kar , they 're seriously blocking me too . 
 a while ago you let it down , which made me see it too late . '' 
 i sink it all in and think this is all normal . 
 it should be normal by now , since i can fly home . 
 hey , at least i do n't need to drive anymore and i could save money and save mother earth ! 
 yeah , that 'll work , i do n't have to pay from car repairs , gas or anything related to my car . 
 i can even sell it ! 
 `` okay , so why do n't you think i 'll never be a wolf even though my father was one ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` well , its been how many days that its been full moon and you 're not changing at all . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 that makes sense , maybe i got my mom 's powers instead . 
 `` fine , but i get to pick and drop her off . '' 
 blake growls like an angry dog . 
 `` how 'll you do that ? 
 you do n't have a car . '' 
 i playfully tease him to ease that puppy growl . 
 `` how 'd you think i got here fast ? '' 
 he smirks at me . 
 `` i do n't know , turned into a wolf and ran here . 
 huh , now that you mention it your clothes are n't torn and you have your shoes all in one piece . 
 you drove here . '' 
 `` damn straight i did . 
 its great that my car 's engine is exactly compatible with people like you . '' 
 he teases me . 
 people like me ? 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 i kneel and playfully shove him off the chair . 
 `` emergencies . 
 and sudden appearances of darklings . '' 
 `` oh . 
 yeah okay . '' 
 i absorb all these things in one big inhale , which is wrong since my room smells like well , perfume with cookies and chocolate . 
 `` so what type of car is it ? '' 
 i curiously ask , maybe its a porsche like jay 's . 
 `` this conversation is making me sleepy , good night weirdoes '' diane yawns and snuggles to the comforter . 
 blake moves to my side and pulls me into his side and nuzzles into my neck . 
 `` its a porsche 911 gt2 rs '' and with that he fell asleep . 
 what about me ? 
 chapter twenty five `` karmyll ... '' a lovely voice calls out to me , she sounds familiar at the same time i 'm afraid to approach this voice . 
 `` karmyll , do n't be afraid . 
 come . '' 
 she says i walk up the hill in where she stands . 
 she has beautiful brown hair flowing on her back , wearing a silky white dress , she 's ... beautiful . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i whisper , afraid i might scare her . 
 `` you , will know who i am soon . 
 but now , you must face the challenges the darkness assaults you with . 
 be strong my dear . '' 
 she holds my hand and electric current flows in me like power being passed on to me . 
 `` we know you can do this . 
 control . 
 focus . 
 you will be able to beat the darkness '' i do n't understand who is this lady ? 
 it 's one thing to dream about hot guys but its a completely different story when a beautiful lady warns you about your life . 
 before i could answer her i wake up in blake 's arms and in diane 's company beside me , still hand cuffed . 
 sunday morning beams through my curtains threatening to blind me with its sun rays . 
 winter season comes upon the weather , that 's kinda funny since blake 's last name is winters and he 's right beside me ; winter is near . 
 i crack myself up sometimes it amazes me . 
 i wiggle out of blake 's arms and i bend down to diane 's hand to remove the handcuffs , so when she wakes up she wo n't need anyone to remove it for her . 
 i leave the room and head downstairs , i already hear aunty maryn and uncle tommy in the kitchen . 
 `` good morning '' i lazily say , i do n't usually say good in the morning , but in this case since i had worried auntie and uncle tommy looks worried about her and us , i 'll make an exception . 
 uncle tommy practically lives here for his wife but they have a house in the neighbouring city . 
 they only use it for vacations or day offs . 
 `` good morning sweetie '' btw , i do n't mind it when they uses the endearments , she 's family . 
 `` i 'm sorry about last night . 
 we did n't mean to make you worry . '' 
 i apologetically say . 
 `` oh , honey '' she moves to my side `` it was n't you fault lunatic kids like to throw rocks to your sister 's window '' rock ? 
 what rock is she talking about ? 
 `` okay . 
 i 'm still sorry though . '' 
 about lying to you and all . 
 the day passed by peacefully . 
 blake 's parents even came here for dinner . 
 the family vibe was all around , the only ones missing were mom and dad . 
 it saddens me and diane that they 've been mia for a week now . 
 i hope nothing bad happens to them , or maybe i could watch them . 
 no , too risky , i do n't know how to control it yet . 
 monday morning came and as usual , school days . 
 diane and i walk like mummies in the halls and were supposed to attend classes half asleep . 
 the weekend tired us out when we did n't do much . 
 i went to my first period class when i felt this hand wrap around my waist and a peck on my cheek , jay . 
 `` hey there jay , '' i say putting on my i-should-get-through-this-day-with-no-problems mask . 
 `` hi . 
 so , i did n't hear from you after the date . 
 i was pretty nervous you did n't want to see me again . '' 
 really ? 
 is n't that what the girl is supposed to worry about ? 
 but in this case does this make me the boyfriend but being dominant in the relationship making me the girlfriend too ? 
 wow , this is confusing . 
 `` sorry , my family went through a lot of problems . 
 i kinda broke down in the process . '' 
 i semi-lie . 
 he makes me face him , now were face to face in front of my first period door . 
 `` oh , is there any way i could help you or your family ? 
 i would love to put your misery to rest . '' 
 he gently caresses my face with his star-player hand . 
 i flinch at first but then lean into the gesture . 
 i 'm dating the hottest guy in school i should get used to it . 
 blake will just have to wait . 
 i suddenly remember the idea diane gave . 
 `` actually there was this news that girls are being attacked at night , i was wondering since you know martial arts and your father teaches them i could have some lessons too ? '' 
 i suck at this . 
 `` that 's a great idea , that way we can be together more . 
 okay , i 'll ask my dad if i could borrow the studio after school and i can teach you . '' 
 he says excitedly . 
 he looks too giddy for the morning . 
 `` that 's awesome ! 
 when do we start ? '' 
 i think the ` awesome ' bit pulled it off . 
 `` i 'll tell you on your way to fourth period , okay ? '' 
 he kisses my forehead and runs off `` love yah ! '' 
 i sigh , when will i ever say that sentence ? 
 i can easily say it to my sister & siblings and family , but i can never say it to anyone else . 
 mr. baldin ! 
 he , he was part of that ritual i saw . 
 he was leading it , chanting a bunch of dead languages and he removed those kids ' hoods . 
 i eyed him suspiciously while he gives the lesson . 
 nothing , he did nothing that could give away that he 's a supernatural . 
 he 's droning voice pushes me to doze off . 
 i ca n't be caught like this , i pull up my book and hide behind it falling half asleep . 
 the bell rings and i escape his prison cell . 
 jay waits for me by the door and kisses my cheek again . 
 my gosh , i 'm so lucky ! 
 `` dad says he wants to meet you first before he lends me the studio after classes for 2 months . '' 
 `` wow , i get to meet mr. hotshot 's parents , should i dress up like a malibu barbie or you 'll handle that again ? '' 
 i tease him as i came to my second period class . 
 `` well , i think they should meet the ` you ' that you want to be . '' 
 he shrugs the compliment . 
 `` is that a yes or a no ? '' 
 i continue my teasing . 
 hey if you 're gon na meet the parents of the hottest guy in school might as well be sure if i dress up like a barbie or a hobo . 
 `` you really know how to push my button 's do n't you ? '' 
 he shows me his pearly whites and kisses my cheek . 
 for a guy he 's got a lot of body contact . 
 `` what buttons ? '' 
 i flutter my eyes and beg the powers on high that no one sees my stupidity in action . 
 `` i 'll take care of you , okay ? 
 i 'll see you after class . '' 
 he waves as i walk in class , jeryn and daniel look at me impishly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i innocently ask , but i really know what 's going in their crazy head . 
 `` no lip action from mr. hotness , no offense daniel . '' 
 she pats his hand `` nope , and do n't say i 'm denying it . 
 he really has n't kissed me yet . '' 
 i honestly rant . 
 `` i 'm so sorry for you kar . 
 but as a guy , we wait for the girl to be alright before we do it . '' 
 daniel explains . 
 `` who placed a brain in that head of yours and uploaded an iq too ? '' 
 `` ha-ha kar , i have actually started taking school super serious since i want to get into a great collage . 
 and jiminy cricket here makes me study non-stop . 
 i swear i 'd rather be a puppet in the sound of music than study under her watch . '' 
 he complains to me , i rub his back as comfort . 
 `` do n't worry , dan . 
 when we were sophomore she made me memorise all the vocabularies she threw at me and we were doing our nails at the same time . 
 you know how hard it is to concentrate putting nail polish and trying to remember all those words ? 
 a lot . 
 its like she 's hitler of academics . '' 
 we gang up on her by staring at her while we shook our heads in disapproval of her teaching skills . 
 `` i 'm right here ! 
 and you should thank me , because of that you became top of our class . 
 and dan , your mom keeps on asking to do something with that iq of yours . 
 i 'm basically doing guys favours . '' 
 she stick out her tongue and faces front when the teacher came in . 
 `` kar , will that make you die unkissed ? '' 
 seems like daniel 's idiocy is still intact , good . 
 `` no , i have actually had my first kiss already . '' 
 jeryn 's eyes widen in disbelief . 
 `` what ? 
 and you did n't tell me ? '' 
 she bemusedly asks . 
 `` will it make you stop torturing us with your teaching method if i said who ? '' 
 `` kar , we know how it ends anyway '' right , you wo n't stop . 
 ever . 
 `` fine , it was blake . '' 
 i thoughtlessly said . 
 `` like the great basketball player of our school , new student blake winters ? '' 
 he plays basketball ? 
 `` yeah . 
 now will you turn to face forward and shut up before we get into trouble . '' 
 i scold her . 
 `` fine but lunch time i would like details . '' 
 `` if it makes you shut up now , fine . '' 
 bell rings and i head to my locker to drop off my books , when i see the big bad wolf leaning on it . 
 wearing jeans and t-shirt while i wear the same thing but with an arm warmer on my right arm to hide death 's scratch . 
 `` hey , what are you doing by my locker ? '' 
 i got to my point and bumped him with my hip to make him move so i can open my locker . 
 `` i do n't like this plan . 
 you , with him '' he got to his point too . 
 `` blake , i 'm dating him . 
 get used to it , when things go off then take your turn then . 
 you can date him after me . '' 
 i want to laugh but his seriousness makes me feel like an omega begging the alpha for my life . 
 `` not funny , you got a future with me so deal with it . '' 
 he strides out of the hallway and into somewhere in school . 
 i pull out my blanket and a couple of things i need for my period after lunch . 
 i head out to my spot in the quad and lay it out there . 
 minutes later jay comes with his million money smile and chips . 
 jeryn and daniel came a little after jay came . 
 we enjoy the hour and it seems like everything is normal again . 
 i spoke too soon , i feel the hair on the back of my neck stand and i know i saw jay flinch . 
 i looked around and saw two darklings on the edge of the school building . 
 i let my barriers down for a short while to make diane aware of what 's here and tell blake about it . 
 i stand to follow it , a hand intertwines mine and pulls me out of jeryn 's and daniel 's ear shot . 
 `` do n't , you do n't know what they 're capable of . '' 
 jay warns me . 
 `` you see them too do n't you ? '' 
 i glare at him . 
 `` yes , please do n't kar . 
 they came here to lure you to a corner and kill you . '' 
 he pleads . 
 `` i know how to kill them . 
 do n't tell me that crap , i just found out your a supernatural and this proves it . '' 
 `` you knew before ? '' 
 `` yeah on our date . 
 your arm changed shape and you had a claw on the ball . 
 so what are you then ? '' 
 `` no wonder you did n't call . '' 
 he looks down and smiles to himself . 
 `` so , what are you then ? 
 fairy ? 
 wolf ? 
 elf ? '' 
 before i could go on he responds . 
 `` shape shifter . '' 
 he stays silent for a while . 
 `` does this mean you wo n't meet my dad anymore ? '' 
 `` i will , we 're still dating according to school gossip . 
 but just so you know we maybe ` dating ' in school but you 'll just train me to kill those darklings . '' 
 `` fine , in one condition , i can still treat you like my girlfriend in school '' sounds risky but . 
 `` fine , that 's a deal . '' 
 chapter twenty six the week finishes and school is just another junk on my desk in my office . 
 jay drives me home from school and gives me a tote bag with clothes in it . 
 friday night is n't what i 'd call a ` meet the parents ' kind of night but i think getting out of the house besides school will be a little good of a distraction . 
 i open the bag he gave me a simple haltered black dress , black pumps and a military style wool jacket . 
 i look deeper into the bag and found , is that a cd of the lock me up album of the cab ? 
 i smile at the treasure i found under the pile of gifts . 
 `` you sure know how to spoil a girl . '' 
 i state still staring at the unusual clothes . 
 i do n't wear these kinds of clothes . 
 well one is because i have low self-esteem and second most of the clothes i wear are for comfort not style . 
 `` as long as i get to keep you with me , i will keep spoiling you till you rot . '' 
 is that a compliment ? 
 or an insult ? 
 either way i think its funny . 
 i do n't know if i should still date this guy truly or just let my heart decide in this complicated arrangement . 
 `` well , if you put it that way , i 'd rather live than rot . '' 
 i laugh at my own joke . 
 `` i 'll pick you up at 7 then ? 
 since you need to get ready and all . '' 
 `` sure , i 'll see you then . '' 
 my body surprises me with kissing him on the cheek . 
 he freezes at my action and i got myself out of the car as quickly - yet not visible - as possible . 
 i reach my door step when he calls out . 
 `` karmyll ! '' 
 he rushes to me and swoops me into a tight hug , places me down and kisses my ever-surprised lips . 
 his lips were warm and gentle unlike someone i know who demands and conquers the whole of me . 
 he pulled back , looked me in the eyes `` i 'm so glad i can still call you my girlfriend . '' 
 he smiles and kisses me again . 
 this time i pull back . 
 `` jay , not now . 
 i have to meet your parents in two hours . '' 
 i remind him . 
 okay so even though blake is wondering all about if i love him or not , they should consider the fact that i 'm still a girl . 
 a girl who has not that much needs but when kissed she still gets lost in the moment . 
 `` fine , we 'll do this again some other time . '' 
 he kisses my forehead and lets me go inside . 
 i close the door and slide behind it , like all the other typical movies do . 
 `` i see you 're enjoying the day so far . '' 
 aunt maryn ! 
 she saw that ? 
 oh my gosh , i should explain . 
 and tell her what ? 
 `` yeah , its gon na be an interesting to-be-continued day . '' 
 i smile to myself , am i falling for him ? 
 `` now dear , i know you 're parents are not here but i 'm going to warn you about safe se - '' `` la la la la la ~ '' i cover my ears and sing an out of tune melody . 
 `` auntie maryn i know ! 
 i will never do that till ' i get married . 
 i vowed that to myself . '' 
 i holler going up the stairs . 
 i hear her laugh so loud that i can still hear it in my room . 
 `` what are you doing in here ? '' 
 i stare up at blake standing in the middle of my room . 
 `` i just wanted to see you before you went into the shape shifter 's lair . '' 
 he moves close to me and i move back to close the door . 
 `` that 's it ? 
 you just wanted to see me ? 
 you saw me in school is n't that enough ? '' 
 i brush past him to get my shower things ready . 
 `` no , i also needed to give you this . '' 
 he brings out a bracelet version of a dream catcher . 
 `` what do i need this for ? '' 
 i took it from him and admired the creative weaves on it . 
 `` its acts like a repellent from seeing shapes shifters beyond their true form . '' 
 `` so , i get to see what they really look like ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 oh my gosh , what if jay was a pale looking guy with weak muscles and all the rejected parts of a human placed all on him ? 
 i 'll be a total wreck if that happened . 
 i even kissed him ! 
 whoa , shallow much ? 
 he 's been a good guy and that 's all that matter right ? 
 right . 
 `` okay . 
 now get out of my room i have a meeting to get to . '' 
 i push him going to the window . 
 `` fine , i 'll leave just do n't remove that bracelet and ring i gave you . '' 
 ring ? 
 oh this ring , the one he gave me during our covered op . 
 i forgot this was ever on my hand , how 'd that happen ? 
 `` fine . 
 i wo n't , now get out before someone else sees you here . '' 
 `` w-wait ! 
 i 'll go through the door , auntie knows i 'm here . '' 
 she does ? 
 no wonder she warned me . 
 `` get out now , she almost lectured me about doing that . '' 
 i shove him to the doorway . 
 `` did she , now '' his amused face tells me he 's up to no good . 
 `` yeah , bye . '' 
 i slam the door at him and hear him going down talking to auntie maryn . 
 they were behind this insanity . 
 ugh , how can an old lady push my buttons so easily ? 
 i head for the bathroom and cleaned the school 's grease away and dressed like a bratz doll for the night . 
 hey , i look good . 
 i check myself out in the full body mirror , diane 's passes through my door and sees what i 'm pathetically doing . 
 `` please tell me you were n't checking yourself out . '' 
 she tiredly leans on the door frame and verify my outfit and what i was doing . 
 `` i was and this is what i 'll wear to meet jay 's parents . 
 how do i look ? '' 
 i turn while moving to her direction . 
 that 's dizzying , ha-ha . 
 `` honestly , you look too feminine that i ca n't even distinguish if you 're still my sister or not . '' 
 `` ha-ha . 
 be thankful i still look feminine at all . '' 
 i poke her side which wakes her up and thus a tickle war rages on ! 
 minutes passed and i hear the door bell ring . 
 `` oh my gosh , he 's here . 
 how do i look ? 
 `` i ask again , brushing my clothes into sanity and combing my hair to look human again . 
 `` great . 
 now go , before your boyfriend slams into a window like the other one . '' 
 she teases loudly . 
 `` ha-ha . 
 do n't wait up . '' 
 i head out of my room and diane hollers from my room , she runs the stairs down and almost slipped on the last step . 
 almost , too bad . 
 `` karmyll , put your barriers up but when you feel something bad is gon na happen let it down , okay ? '' 
 serious sister strikes my alert-brain strings . 
 `` okay , i will . '' 
 i hug her in assurance that i will do that . 
 i open the door and the lustrous looking man stands on my front porch . 
 huba-huba . 
 how will i be able to resist this sexy looking guy ? 
 powers up there in the heavens , help me ! 
 he looks extremely fantastic with his suit and tie . 
 he looks like he just stepped out a hugo boss ad and he even smells heavenly with that minty forest cologne . 
 he looks at me like i should be placed on a pedestal . 
 do n't mind if you do . 
 `` wow , you look so ... perfect . '' 
 body blush on maximum turn ! 
 heart beat on a hundred beats per minute ! 
 i should be in the hospital already with these feelings going on . 
 and he ! 
 he should be arrested for being very sexy . 
 `` wow yourself too '' i breathe . 
 he 's too much for my poor innocent eyes . 
 he walks to me and kisses me gently again . 
 if we do n't go now blake will surely come out anytime now . 
 `` sup , man '' too late . 
 ca n't this be any more awkward ? 
 `` who 's ' there honey ? '' 
 auntie maryn yells from the living room coming to us . 
 `` its ' karmyll 's date ! '' 
 blake shouts behind . 
 i rush to jay 's side and push him to his car . 
 `` we 're going now ! ' 
 i yell . 
 `` bye ! 
 do n't wait up ! '' 
 i swing the car doors open and shoved jay in and ran inside . 
 `` why are you in such a hurry ? 
 why is he there ? 
 and who 's that ? '' 
 he pushes the questions to me . 
 `` we are in a hurry cause i do n't want to make your parents waiting and we 'll never hear the end of their teasing soon . 
 he 's there , cause he gave something to me and helps in the kitchen . 
 that was my auntie maryn . 
 will you just drive ? '' 
 `` okay , beautiful . 
 whatever you say . '' 
 the engine purrs like a kitty and peels out of the drive way . 
 the radio plays in our quiet drive and plays an expected awkward song . 
 but at least this one is one of my favourite ones to sing . 
 i know that you are something special to you i 'd be always faithful i want to be what you always needed then i hope you 'll see the heart in me i do n't want another pretty face i do n't want just anyone to hold i do n't want my love to go to waste i want you and your beautiful soul you 're the one i wan na chase you 're the one i wan na hold i wo n't let another minute go to waste i want you and your beautiful soul your beautiful soul , yeah i sing along while jay drives , i stare off to the distant skies when i feel jay 's hand intertwine with mine , he lifts it up and kisses the back of it . 
 i blush at the warm sensation the gesture gave me . 
 `` hey , jay . 
 do your parent 's know what i am ? '' 
 i said out of curiosity . 
 `` i do n't think so , i only told them you 're my girlfriend , the best one , and i 'm bringing you to dinner in this restaurant my father booked for all of us . '' 
 he explains without taking off his eyes from the road . 
 safe driver . 
 `` oh , its a good thing you took responsibility of the wardrobe again . 
 i might have gone with you in jeans and over-worn t-shirt and sneakers . '' 
 `` well , i like dressing up my girl . '' 
 he smiles and kisses the back of my hand again . 
 `` you 're girl ? '' 
 i hit my head on the window side as the car swerves into nowhere . 
 a darkling appears in front of the car . 
 it looks like a man with ` the scream ' mask and a black familiar robe . 
 oh my go - its not a mask ! 
 it 's their face ! 
 jay lays unconscious on the driver 's seat . 
 his head bleeds from the impact he had on the steering wheel . 
 i pull out a handkerchief and wiped the blood off of him . 
 i climbed out and took out the scissors turned into a dagger from my dress . 
 i kept it on my belt inside the dress . 
 this is not a good time to play combat in a pretty dress , not to mention in heels . 
 i kick the shoes off and the darkling launches to me . 
 he 's not alone ! 
 i lugged for the first darkling as he rushes to me too i raised my weapon and stabbed the right half of my scissor-dagger to its stomach and dragged it up to its neck . 
 the other darkling goes over my back and i ducked making him miss his target , which is me . 
 my wings came out and blasted air on the darkling , it fell back a few steps and i dashed to it and slashed its neck with the left half of my weapon . 
 i feel another couple of darklings lurking around . 
 i flew up , searching for them and saw them trying to drag jay out of the car . 
 i flew like a bullet , in one swift spread of my arms i sliced the heads of the darklings . 
 all the darklings disappeared but ... i 'm wounded . 
 when was i stabbed on the shoulder ? 
 my wits crash down to the reality world , i run back to the car and snatch my phone from the floor . 
 i dialled 911 and waited for the answer . 
 `` hello 911 , what 's your emergency . '' 
 the operator says calmly . 
 `` we have a car accident , uh , my boyfriend 's unconscious and i have a deep cut on my shoulder . 
 were on the main road going a few kilometres to suave restaurant . '' 
 i rushed my words , all in one breath . 
 anxiety almost took over my body and quivered the whole time . 
 almost . 
 `` okay , miss please calm down . 
 help is on the way . '' 
 she replies from my rush sentence . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i hung up the phone while we waited for help to come . 
 jay groans in pain , oh my god , his foot is stuck . 
 i crawl back into the car and sat by his side . 
 i proceeded with first aid that i learned during camp when i was in middle school . 
 `` karmyll ? '' 
 he groans , blood gushes out of his arm and i tear the hem of my dress , which was so easy by the way , i wrap his bleeding arm with my cloth and carefully moved so my wound would n't feel as terrible as it is . 
 the dagger on my shoulder is actually a really sharp rock . 
 that darkling must 've had a lot of time sharpening this . 
 i return my attention to jay who looks more in pain than me . 
 unfortunately we did n't have the healing perk when we became supernaturals . 
 `` sshhh , help is on the way . '' 
 i continue to wipe the blood from his face . 
 his head is n't bleeding much but his nose is . 
 my phone rings and the caller i.d. says its diane . 
 `` hello '' `` oh my god ! 
 i 'm so glad you 're still alive ! 
 where are you ? 
 never mind blake and i are coming . '' 
 she hangs up , a few minutes a really loud roar of engine comes to us and stops abruptly . 
 the doors swing open and blake hurries to open jay 's side . 
 he carries him out of the car and diane comes to my side and helps me walk in front of the car . 
 i twisted my ankle again , when did that happen ? 
 i pass her my scissor-daggers , wiped the dirt off and hid it under her clothes . 
 `` i should 've told you to put your barriers down the whole time so i could 've save you from this . '' 
 she wipes the dirt off my face and stood up surprised by my new accessory sticking out of my shoulder 's flesh . 
 just right then the ambulance and police came , the paramedics took jay on the stretcher . 
 i ran to his side and the paramedics were also shocked on my accessory . 
 they took me with the ambulance . 
 diane and blake gave their statements to the police saying they were driving by when they saw our car and helped as much as they can and was surprised to know the one in the accident was her own sister . 
 i held on to jay 's hand as his grip grows tighter and tighter . 
 his grip sends pain to my whole body , like i 'm somehow absorbing his pain . 
 he slowly releases my hand after he was given anaesthesia . 
 pain jolted in my head like i was shot , i fell unconscious in the ambulance . 
 jay was in the o.r. when i was being stitched up , blake and diane waited in the lounge while we 're being put back together . 
 i got a bandage wrapped around my foot , i only sprained it nothing serious . 
 my shoulder was stitched up four times , the doctors said when they stitched it for the first time it keeps tearing like it did n't want to be touched at all . 
 that spooked the genes out of me . 
 one of the nurses even complimented my extreme tattoo and wanted to know where i got it , i said the shop closed a long time ago and i have no idea where they are now . 
 lying should be my hobby now , since i have not said anything more than a lie these past few weeks . 
 when i got off the hook or should i say out of the iv , ha-ha , i met up with diane and blake . 
 blake is relentlessly shaking his knee up and down while my poor sister is biting her nails out . 
 i should be locked up in the safety house so i do n't have to cause these two trouble . 
 i walk to them and they look up with relief . 
 `` hey , '' diane breathes `` they 've contacted mom and dad , and jay 's parents . 
 his parents will be here , ours just got home . 
 apparently they 've been out of the country to look for something . '' 
 i nod mindlessly , blake just stood there sinking in the situation all in one breath . 
 `` jay 's in room 105 , let 's go and wait for his parents there . '' 
 blake states . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 diane pulls me down the hall and move to his room . 
 gosh , i hate hospitals , but right now it might be jay 's only saving grace so i should be thankful . 
 we got in and sat in the corner , he 's hooked up with iv , bandages on his head , his foot is raise in the air but all in all he 's stable . 
 ` who keeps sending these darklings to me ? '' 
 i broke the trio 's silence . 
 `` the darkness wants you dead . '' 
 diane said matter-of-factly `` i already know that . 
 but why ? 
 i mean the one he wants dead is my family . 
 they 're gone already what more does he want from me ? '' 
 seriously , he already killed my whole clan . 
 `` he thinks you 're a threat . '' 
 blake says . 
 `` what else do we know about this darkness ? '' 
 i ask . 
 we need more information than me being a threat and wanting me dead . 
 before anyone could even answer me the doors slide open and his parents come rushing in . 
 i come up to them and explain the whole thing . '' 
 `` thank you , thank you karmyll for saving him . '' 
 mr. bolt says . 
 as mrs. bolt cries beside her son `` were glad you came out fine '' still wearing the bracelet blake gave me , i see no differences . 
 but either way its safe . 
 i want to ask about the shape shifter abilities and everything about them however i think its time to leave them be with their son . 
 `` we should go now , i 'm glad he 's doing fine . '' 
 this is not how i imagined meeting his parents . 
 `` take care all of you , there are far worse things out there . '' 
 mrs. bolt warns before we leave . 
 what does that mean ? 
 she knows about the darklings and soon i 'll be dead because of it . 
 chapter twenty seven when i got off from the hospital diane , blake and i drove home , the day just keeps getting worse and worse . 
 i was about to unlock the door when it creaked open , someone else is home , this feels wrong . 
 i pushed the door open , surprisingly we found our parents by the living room watching a movie . 
 it 's been like forever since they came home , finally . 
 diane and i walked hand in hand through the house auntie maryn came up and hugged us both , my family started to gather in the living room . 
 i got off from her hugs cause she squeezed us too much . 
 i backed up and moved to the coat room smiling knowing my family has finally gotten together , i started peeling off my jacket when i opened the door . 
 `` diane ! 
 that 's not them ! '' 
 i scream , auntie maryn is tied up and was shoved in the coat room and so were my parents . 
 diane moved as quick as possible when , each of them morphed into darklings . 
 diane 's head caught into a head lock , blake , in wolf form , which by the way does not scare me at all , breaks down the windows and snarl at the darklings . 
 all the darklings turn to his direction and i run to help my parents and auntie . 
 i removed the tape from my dad 's mouth and untie him , `` karmyll pull out the box under that coat and fight out there , i 'll handle them . '' 
 i pull out the box my dad had instructed me to do . 
 i hear roars and howls in the living room , glasses breaking , cloths tearing and more smashing on the tiled floors . 
 i rip the plastic open as fast as i can and shoved the cover of the box to the side . 
 in it lies a pair of swords , like an elongated version of the bc-41 but it owned a different kind hilt . 
 the hilt is leather enrobed with words i do n't understand . 
 i stopped admiring it , for now , and ran out . 
 blake , growling at the darklings holding my sister captive , lugged at them to release her . 
 i launched forward to kill the unwanted guests . 
 and to think we even hugged the creature ! 
 i ran to diane , darkling no. 1 blocks my path and i automatically dodge at its sword . 
 i ducked and sliced its stomach . 
 blake is handling darkling number 2 , so i head to darkling no. 3 , i jumped from the sofa , at the same time it rushes towards me . 
 i slash my blades on its head with my left arm and cut its torso with my right . 
 it disappeared just like before , just black ashes on the ground . 
 i did n't notice it before since the last one happened outside and the first one gave me a heart attack . 
 blake tears the head of the head locker and throws it up and down like a toy . 
 diane runs to the side still shocked with the happenings . 
 i did n't particularly have any training at all , i just play video games and act it in my room . 
 i 'm glad all those stupid moves i 've been messing around in the room paid off . 
 thank you video games ! 
 `` is it safe ? '' 
 my mom whispers in fright . 
 dad , holding her tightly , almost fainted when she reached the couch . 
 auntie maryn also in fright had her phone pressed very close to her heart . 
 probably calling uncle tommy to get her . 
 i put my blades on the table and lie down on the carpet . 
 exhaust filling me up , heart beat still going fast from my adrenaline and my arms hurt ! 
 i stare up in the ceiling thinking how in the world did they get to me ? 
 do they watch me ? 
 follow me ? 
 i shudder at my thoughts . 
 i should stay away from them , my instinct says but before i could rest quietly on the floor a question popped into my head and i bolted up straight . 
 `` where have you been ? 
 its been a week and you did n't even leave any messages to us . '' 
 i criticize . 
 `` you finally show and et thrown in the closet . 
 then instruct me to kill those things with this unbelievable blades ? 
 mom . 
 dad . 
 i , i mean , we would like some answers please . 
 `` i beg . 
 suddenly the doorbell rings and uncle tommy walks in calm while auntie maryn runs to him with a bag and sobs . 
 dad nods at uncle tommy sending a silent message that they should leave . 
 mom sits in silence on the couch while dad straightens up to explain . 
 `` your mom and i are seers . 
 we are witches or wizards who could predict the future . 
 we 've seen this ahead of time so we left . 
 we knew you knew about the supernatural world , so we started making preparations to things like this . 
 we flew off to go meet our daughter to help us find a weapon that could be held by you . '' 
 he breathes in and out slowly , his answers are taking him too long as if choosing the right words in his mind . 
 wait , rewind and freeze . 
 did he just say daughter ? 
 they have a daughter in another state and they left her ?! 
 un-be-lie-va-ble . 
 he breathed in deep and looked at me , diane and blake . 
 `` we saw this . 
 all of this and it still caught us off guard . '' 
 he bowed and shook his head in shame . 
 he saw it all this time and he even knew i knew about the supernatural world and yet they did n't tell us anything . 
 i could n't believe this , i love them but the trust that i gave them never returned . 
 diane moves to mom and dad 's side and blake wraps an arm around me . 
 i felt safe in these arms yet with my parents i feel deceived . 
 `` mom , dad , diane , you guys should go to bed . 
 blake and i 'll just clean up here . '' 
 i coldly stood up and went for the supply closet . 
 blake right behind me i pass the broom , dustpan , mop and everything else from the closet . 
 he follows me back to the empty living room , he drops the equipment and i started cleaning . 
 after a lot of silence has passed i sat down on the couch and started to sob . 
 all of these have been just so exhausting that i just need time to cry , warmth suddenly cuddle me and i just released it all on him . 
 he started whispering things to me , `` it 's going to be alright karmyll . '' 
 i sit and listened quietly . 
 `` you were great with the swords a while ago . 
 you were hot . '' 
 we both chuckle . 
 `` yeah ? 
 lots of video games '' i said stiffly . 
 `` video games huh ? 
 that 's pretty hot too . '' 
 `` hot like the sun or hot like pizza ? '' 
 `` that 's a tricky question . '' 
 i look up and smile at him , he looks to me and smiles too . 
 i look deep into his ever green eyes and just try to understand how i got into this whole mess . 
 we stood to finish up the cleaning , i took the broom and he just picked up the turned up furniture . 
 i teased him a little with the broom . 
 `` here , `` i hold the broom against him . 
 `` no way , i 'm touching that . '' 
 he ignores the broom . 
 `` why not ? 
 too manly to sweep the floor ? '' 
 i tease . 
 `` no , i just do n't know how . 
 my mom gives me the vacuum cleaner all the time . '' 
 `` ah , no actual man labour . '' 
 `` so ? 
 what wrong with that . '' 
 he shrugs `` nothing , want me to teach you ? 
 or you 're too manly to handle it . '' 
 `` not now . 
 kar , you 're tired and so am i '' `` ca n't handle it i see . '' 
 i nod as i continually tease his he playfully punches my good arm i shove him back . 
 we finally finish and head to my room for some sleep . 
 of course we did n't sleep together . 
 he took the floor with the mattress i asked him to bring out from my closet and slept there . 
 i plopped on my bed and slept dreamlessly . 
 i woke up many times but i always felt blake 's hand squeezing mine to comfort and keep me sane . 
 i tossed and turned , read e-books till it reached 6 . 
 i got up from my bed carefully removing his hand from mine and headed for the window . 
 i pulled the curtains to the side to see the rising sun , instead i found a darkling waiting for me . 
 ` blake ! '' 
 i shouted and he bolted up right , pulled away from the window shoved in my bathroom and turned into a wolf . 
 he lugged and pulled the darkling in breaking my window and crashed into my bedroom floor , the darkling looked much different in day light . 
 it does n't look like the scream mask anymore . 
 they look more human . 
 they have a zombie appeal to them but like a clean zombie . 
 they 're a shade ! 
 undead beings never put to rest , i read about them . 
 the darkness must have killed them and kept they 're souls . 
 blake rips the head off of the darkling and it disappears leaving the black dust behind . 
 i run to him after he transforms back to human . 
 `` they 're shades '' i say to him . 
 `` a what ? '' 
 i explain to him what i 've read and observed . 
 `` we have to tell them . '' 
 we got out avoiding the broken glass and woke everyone up for a family meeting . 
 blake 's parents came and everyone including aunt maryn and uncle tommy . 
 let the meeting begin . 
 chapter twenty eight its seven in the morning and my family and blake 's family is gathered in the newly cleaned living room . 
 when i mean my family i meant auntie maryn , uncle tommy , mom , dad , diane and blake 's family . 
 they did say they have been close friends , truth is they are . 
 they look like they 've been hanging out together for all these years . 
 `` what 's this all about dear ? '' 
 auntie lory says . 
 i breathe in to steady my feelings and spoke . 
 `` it 's about the darklings . '' 
 i glanced at them and i have all their attention . 
 i closed my eyes too nervous to speak , i looked down and just blurted my theories and plans . 
 `` the darklings are shades . 
 they 're undead beings . 
 their souls are lost in the darkness , they just follow whatever the master is asking of them to do . 
 they 're still one of us but they do n't have any souls in them . 
 they 're hollow . 
 the only thing that can kill them are anything silver . 
 silver knives , swords , bullet even arrows . 
 but , i read the only thing that could save them is to go to the darkness ' lair and kill it . 
 when darkness dies , the souls will be freed . '' 
 i opened my eyes , found them looking intently at me . 
 a smile crept up george and lory 's face and saw auntie maryn and uncle tommy 's face looking at each other tears burning her eyes . 
 i looked at blake and diane and they smile enthusiastically at me . 
 i smile back and felt nervous all over again . 
 `` brilliant ! '' 
 george exclaims . 
 `` you raised an amazing kid , herald . '' 
 george slaps dad 's back and rubs it , maybe trying to remove the impact on his shoulder . 
 `` thanks , george . 
 but i think she solved all of this on her own . '' 
 my dad gawks at me making me feel conscious . 
 `` thank you for listening , '' i awkwardly say and moved sideways like a crab trying to remove the attention i gathered `` how bout we all have some breakfast then ? '' 
 i suggest . 
 auntie maryn stands up , wipes her eyes and clasps her hands together . 
 `` great i 'll get started in the kitchen '' auntie maryn leaves and i follow . 
 `` dears , '' mom gestures to me , blake and diane `` please help maryn in the kitchen . '' 
 we nod all together and headed out . 
 i stayed close behind to listen , their whispers made my curiosity rising . 
 what are they talking about ? 
 even uncle tommy is included . 
 i grimace to the pain i still have on my shoulder and realized i have to get back to jay ! 
 i turned leaving them clueless as to where i 'm headed . 
 i ran to my car still in pyjamas , well yoga pants and lose shirt and some slippers and headed straight to the hospital . 
 my phone rings , so glad i did n't forget it , and i answer it on speaker . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 blake barks on the phone . 
 `` i 'm heading for jay . '' 
 `` why the hell would you do that ? '' 
 he seems more tense than usual , leaving them clueless must have pissed him off bad . 
 `` i have to get to him , i have a bad feeling about this . '' 
 i hang up and continued driving . 
 when i got there , i got weird gazes from the patients there . 
 they should n't do that , i 'm not the weirdest thing that enters the room , lots of scarier things have entered those doors . 
 people with axes sticking out of their chests , burn marks on their clothes and skin and my all time fear , blood pooling out of their bodies and groaning in agony . 
 i went straight to jay 's room , i stopped by his door , stupidly hesitated , knocked quietly and entered . 
 `` come in '' jay says . 
 `` hey , there . '' 
 i whisper . 
 `` hey , how 's my girlfriend ? '' 
 he smiles as he gestures for me to sit beside him . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 still alive and in one piece . '' 
 i joke , i hold his hand and he rubs circles on the back of it . 
 `` i 'm sorry this happened . '' 
 he looks down and shook his head . 
 `` hey , '' i hold his chin up gently `` its not your fault . 
 the darkling ruined our date . 
 and worst part is i met your parents half naked . '' 
 i laugh quietly and he follows along after some time . 
 `` half naked ? 
 but your dress was at the conservative length . '' 
 he looks at me quizzically . 
 `` i had to rip the bottom part of my dress to cover your wounds . '' 
 i smile shyly . 
 `` hey , '' copying my actions a while ago `` thanks to you , i did n't lose much blood . '' 
 he smiles gloriously at me and warmth just crept up in my chest . 
 he moves closely to me and i lean in to his kiss . 
 i pull back remembering that we were still in the hospital . 
 `` hey , where 'd your parents go ? '' 
 i ask while he tries to steady his breathing . 
 `` they went home . 
 i told them to get some rest , told them my girlfriend will come . '' 
 he beams at me . 
 `` ha-ha , well it was nice of you to make them rest . 
 they looked like hell last night . 
 they were so worried about you . 
 i stayed till they came , i was worried about you too . '' 
 i touch his face and he leans into it . 
 he kisses my hand our mushy-lovey-dovey moment continues . 
 i wo n't give details anymore , its too private for me to reveal the juicy secrets . 
 i lay beside him in my house clothes feeling more and more in love with this man . 
 `` hey '' he says breaking our not-so awkward silence . 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 `` what 's up with the blue tent shirt and rainbow yoga pants ? '' 
 `` oh , i totally forgot i was wearing this . '' 
 not . 
 it took so many guts to leave the house looking like this . 
 i just forced myself not to remember . 
 `` do n't lie kar , you 're blushing . '' 
 dang it ! 
 he got me . 
 `` well , i had a meeting this morning and when i remembered you i went straight here . '' 
 my voice cracks at the end . 
 he hoots at my concern for him . 
 `` i 'm so lucky to have you '' he pulls me closer to him and his warmth spreads in my body like a virus . 
 `` what was the meeting about ? '' 
 i breathed in his musky smell and some chemicals and braced for his reaction in my plans . 
 i sat up faced him and let it all out . 
 `` so you figured it all out ? '' 
 he says after i explained to him everything i 've learned , observed and experienced . 
 `` not all of it , but the way you put sounds like i made a great mathematical equation but you disagree cause i do n't look smart enough to actually make one . '' 
 i playfully frown at him and he reaches out to my hand and squeezes it . 
 `` sorry , i did n't mean it like that . 
 we have to tell my parents this . 
 they 're also supernatural so i think we should be part of this too . '' 
 he suggests . 
 `` you sure ? 
 your parents are nice but being seen half naked last night and showing up looking like this is going to tell me that they do n't want their son dating some freak of nature . '' 
 `` you 're no - , yeah you probably are . '' 
 he grins at me . 
 `` i 'm not risking that now . 
 i 'll get going , you 're fine here anyway . 
 i 'll be back after i wash this '' i gesture to the all of me , `` up . 
 see you . '' 
 i lean to him and give him a peck on the lips . 
 i moved away from him fast before the kiss turned deeper . 
 i waved bye and headed to my car , i sense darklings surrounding the hospital moving towards me slowly . 
 i got in and drove like fast and the furious home . 
 i reached the driveway when a darkling smashes on the roof of my car . 
 i scream in surprise and got out as fast as i can . 
 i looked my way and i pulled my weapons out . 
 i stabbed the creature carelessly but successfully . 
 i ran inside , closed the door and slid behind it . 
 i catch my breath by taking it super slow . 
 diane comes to me and shouts for dad . 
 he comes and scoops me to my room . 
 i rested dreamlessly but felt someone watching me the whole time . 
 probably diane or blake keeping guard on me . 
 these darklings wo n't stop till i 'm dead . 
 i have to plan ahead and make these plans possible to win this fight . 
 i need an army if these darklings keep increasing in number . 
 even better i have to find the source where they come from , how they came to be and stop them once and for all . 
 plans , defences , attack and what their powers are come into my head . 
 i have to be a step ahead of this stupid darkness . 
 i open my eyes and look to the window . 
 its quite nice having everything calm down even for a minute . 
 i start to get up when diane comes crashing to my door . 
 `` karmyll ! '' 
 `` what ? 
 its too early for your yapping . '' 
 i sleepily got up from my bed . 
 `` did you not hear ? 
 no , ca n't you see what 's happening outside ? '' 
 i turn to look at my window and furry shmokes ! 
 there 's a blizzard outside , the weather will always be unpredictable . 
 how will i gather armies when its snowing hard outside and i do n't know more of my kind . 
 i move to the window and press my hand against the freezing glass . 
 `` we 're trapped '' i blurted out , even i 'm surprised with my own words . 
 a sudden realization came to me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she gawks at me bewilderedly . 
 `` were trapped in this house . 
 if a darkling attacks us today we 'll be helpless . 
 if we ca n't go out we 'll die in here . '' 
 my cold voice runs fear in my head , tears sting my eyes and i know i have to prepare for battle . 
 it would n't matter even if its freakin ' cold outside . 
 `` what do you propose we do sergeant ? '' 
 she sarcastically asks . 
 is she making fun of me ? 
 if not i like the way that sounds . 
 sergeant karmyll . 
 nice . 
 `` we should stay indoors , but when a darkling comes we fight . 
 grab all the silver we have and kill it . 
 we can save them if we know where the source is , but for now we kill . '' 
 i may seem to strong but this is what we have to do if we want to stay alive . 
 `` okay i got that . 
 but just hold on a sec kar , what about graduation ? 
 its like 3 months from now . '' 
 my reality and fantasy world have been colliding with each other that i actually forgot about graduation ! 
 stupid ! 
 i wanted to go into state university and get a degree in english . 
 teach children how the world is being corrupted by junk words , get married have a family and happily ever after . 
 those are just my silly wishes . 
 there 's no way it will ever happen now . 
 `` oh yeah , what month is it already ? '' 
 `` start of december . '' 
 what ?! 
 its already december , and i did n't even notice ? 
 weird . 
 `` oh my gosh ! 
 the christmas party ! 
 i have n't bought anything yet ! '' 
 `` who 'd you pick anyway ? '' 
 `` blake . '' 
 i said plainly . 
 `` oh , i know ! '' 
 she gets up excitement and head towards me and clasps her hands to mine . 
 `` what do you think i should give ? '' 
 i asked totally freaked by her movement . 
 `` i 'm looking at it . '' 
 she winks , slaps my arm and runs to the door . 
 `` hell , no . 
 you think that 's funny ? '' 
 i run to her and she runs to her room , closing her door as soon as she got in . 
 she slams the door to my face but i pass through it . 
 i went through the freakin ' door ! 
 when i got in she looked like she 'd seen a ghost , pale with wide eyes . 
 `` do n't look at me like that , you 've seen a darkling before this door-pass is n't something to be surprised about . '' 
 i run my hand to the door again but it hit the wooden passage way to the hall . 
 `` how 'd you do that ? '' 
 she carefully walks to me and touches my arm . 
 `` i do n't ... really know . '' 
 i stare at my hand and did it again . 
 i slid it through the wall this time , and it went through ! 
 `` hoy sh ! '' 
 i hear from the other side of the wall . 
 blake comes rushing in the room and the door swings open . 
 i take my hand back and rush to the bed sitting not-so-suspiciously pulling a seventeen magazine . 
 diane copies my reflexive-defence-when-caught position and giggles at some article she flipped through . 
 `` who 's hand was that ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` and when did you start living here ? '' 
 i retorted . 
 spunky little me wants to play stupid . 
 `` we 're moving in tomorrow . 
 we talked about this when you were out . '' 
 he says . 
 i turn to diane and she shakes her head sideways fast telling me she knew nothing about it . 
 `` why are you moving in again ? 
 its bad enough that jay saw you here before now you 're living here . 
 so no suspicious . '' 
 i lie on the bed on my stomach and she 's copies . 
 i swing my feet up and down ignoring the hot guy in my sister 's room . 
 she giggles again knowing what i was doing , i wink at her and look over my shoulder glancing at the big bad wolf waiting for an answer on whose hand it was . 
 `` you girls are n't gon na tell me , huh ? 
 i 'll just go to the adults downstairs and tell them someone 's hand was sticking out of the wall . '' 
 he shrugs and turns away . 
 diane jolts up and grabs his wrist and immediately confesses it was my hand . 
 he looked at me and diane back and forth like some kind of volleyball in the eye ball . 
 i shrug and stand i try putting it through again , it did n't work . 
 `` i need to work on this . '' 
 i look at my hands again and put them down . 
 i make a face and try to leave the room . 
 i really need training and i need it pronto . 
 blake heads down the hall going into the 2nd guest room which is according to him , his room . 
 i go back to my room and sit on my desk chair . 
 i search high and low for my phone , i found it under the bathroom sink 's cabinet , not the usual place you 'd see a phone and messaged jay . 
 me : hey . 
 jay : hi beautiful , i miss you . 
 me : i miss you too . 
 how are you feeling ? 
 jay : i 'm missing my girlfriend . 
 me : that 's not what meant . 
 but , i 'll try and go to the hospital later . 
 = -rrb- jay : i 'm getting discharged today , so you could probably come to my house . 
 me : is that a way to lure me there ? 
 ; -rrb- jay : maybe . 
 ; -rrb- me : ha.ha . 
 i 'll try , the blizzard is crazy . 
 jay : what blizzard ? 
 its completely sunny outside . 
 sunny ? 
 i bewilderedly looked at my phone and placed it down for a while . 
 i move to the window and its still blasting snow . 
 i grab my phone and call him . 
 `` its a blizzard outside my room . '' 
 `` no way , i 'm in the parking lot of the hospital and its very sunny . 
 like hawaiian sun . '' 
 `` please pass through my house . 
 i have a bad feeling about this . '' 
 `` sure , we 'll pass by . '' 
 i paused trying to find the guts to tell him . 
 i pinched my shoulder and spit out the words . 
 `` jay , we need to talk . 
 with your parents . '' 
 `` are we breaking up in front of my parents ? 
 i do n't like the sound of that , kar . '' 
 `` not that , that 's silly . 
 we need to talk about the supernatural gig . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 he paused for a long time and i heard deep breaths and whispers . 
 he finally came back to the phone and i can feel him wince on his phone . 
 `` yeah , we 'll be there . '' 
 `` um , jay . '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 i breathe in and just break it all out . 
 `` i lo . . 
 i lov ... take care , okay ? '' 
 gosh ! 
 i 'm such a scaredy cat . 
 `` i lo-lo you too . 
 sure will do . '' 
 he hangs up obviously disappointed that i could n't say the word love yet . 
 chapter twenty nine jay and his family stands by the door . 
 i ran like flash to the door and warned my parents not to embarrass me in front of my boyfriend 's parents . 
 blake on the other hand wanted to take advantage of the opportunity of making me squirm . 
 i open the door and let them in . 
 i stepped out by the porch , looked up and saw snow everywhere . 
 what did jay mean when it was very sunny ? 
 diane leads them to the living room and i follow behind , jay holds my hand and warmth comes in my body . 
 he smiles and so do i . 
 in the living room everyone 's present . 
 jay , blake and diane 's family is there , i on the other hand might as well be uncle tommy and auntie maryn 's kid . 
 the adults greeted and conversed for a short while and they all seemed close . 
 they all look like friends from the past , probably high school friends . 
 but in this case i 'm thinking they all were my parent 's friends . 
 i need to restart this meeting . 
 i feel like the president but in a much worse scenario . 
 `` um '' i whisper . 
 `` hey everybody , karmyll has to say something ! '' 
 blake shouts over the heads of the adults . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i sarcastically told him and he just smirks . 
 `` i uh , i called everyone here to hear my plans against the - '' before i could finish my statement a think black cloud filled in the room . 
 i heard screams of my parents , aunts and uncles . 
 the cloud moves flawlessly into nowhere and the room clears . 
 all the adults are gone . 
 `` oh , my god ! '' 
 diane screams . 
 `` blake go to diane ! '' 
 i order out of impulse . 
 an arm wraps on my waist standing in a protective stance . 
 jay holds on to me like the cloud will come back and take me next . 
 `` karmyll , '' the slytherin housed dark vader echoes in the house , `` you think too highly of yourself . 
 you think killing me will be easy ? '' 
 it make three tsk sound . 
 `` poor little you , now you do n't have you daddy and mommy 's help anymore . '' 
 `` what do you want from me ?! '' 
 i shout to nowhere and my voice bounces back to me . 
 `` i want you dead ! '' 
 it shouted back to me . 
 it does n't sound like a dark vader anymore , it sounds more like a female version of it . 
 a screeching sound fills in the room and we all duck down covering our ears and pass out . 
 i found the four of us lying where we had fainted . 
 the house looks like a hurricane came in through the door and asked if we could let it trash the place . 
 i woke the others up and my initial personality weakly kicks in , it feels small but the its growing slowly in me . 
 i start hyperventilating and grabbed my inhaler from my pocket . 
 `` what do we do now ? 
 they took mom , dad , their parents , aunt maryn and uncle tommy . '' 
 `` we have to find them . '' 
 jay cold as antarctica says . 
 `` how ? '' 
 blake joins in . 
 `` we need a witch to track them down . '' 
 i suggest . 
 `` and where do we find one ? '' 
 diane exclaims . 
 `` mom and dad 's daughter who lives out of the state . 
 we 'll go to her and ask her to help us . 
 if she can , then we let her join in the search if not , we 're on our own . '' 
 `` okay then , we 'll fly tomorrow . 
 anything else . ? '' 
 `` someone has to stay and recruit help . 
 if we 're going to defeat the darkness then we need more help . '' 
 `` i 'll stay , i know a lot of people who have been preparing for this . '' 
 blake states . 
 `` i 'll stay too . 
 i know people . '' 
 jay states and they both stare at each other like having a mute conversation using telepathy . 
 `` diane and i 'll go to our other sister . 
 you guys stay and recruit then . '' 
 finally finding myself in control of my mind and body i realize this is much bigger than high school , christmas parties or anything else . 
 this is life and death . 
 `` we train before we charge to the darkness 's lair . '' 
 they all nod in agreement . 
 `` when i mean train , i mean that we need to be buffer than dwayne johnson , skilled in punching like manny pacquiao , faster than speedy gonzales and be braver than the soldiers of any country . '' 
 i pull everyone to a group hug , being overwhelmed by the feeling . 
 we squeeze each other tight and off we go . 
 if we 're going to defeat this darkness then we need to train hard , and have faith as much as possible . 
 author 's note i would like to thank my friends , ylora genesis sabile , jeremay micah vallado and giovanni martinez for supporting all the way from being such a scaredy cat to publish this to actually having to accomplish this , this is actually my new year 's resolution so , yey ! 
 for me . 
 the songs were so compatible to the situations so i used them . 
 i do n't own them at all . 
 i would also like to thank my family for being supportive of me , they have no idea how much they mean to me . 
 this book is more than just a fictional book , it is a world for those who love to read . 
 i created this world/book to expand my imagination and vocabulary . 
 thank you to those who 'll read this till the end . 
 i 'm currently working on the second book so please be patient . 
