 the wizard 's journal blood moon by t. j. hunter copyrighted 2014 fantasy realm press smashwords ebook edition www.fantasyrealmpress.com isbn paperback : 978-0-615-94898-0 no part of this book may be reproduced in any form , including electronic or mechanical means or storage or retrieval systems , except for brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews , unless obtaining written permission from the publisher . 
 this novel is a work of fiction . 
 all names , characters , places , and events are solely the product of the author 's imagination . 
 any resemblance to actual persons , either living or dead , establishments , events , or places is entirely coincidental . 
 the publisher does not have any control over the author 's work and does not assume any responsibility , including web-sites , other publications , or similar content . 
 a note from the author : thank you for downloading the wizard journal -- blood moon . 
 since being a kid , i have always enjoyed stories about the classic monsters that made me spill my popcorn in movie theaters . 
 who could resist bela lugosi as count dracula , lon chaney , jr. . 
 as the wolf man , or boris karloff as frankenstein . 
 in honoring these classic greats , i wrote a novel series that reflects our modern time and society for a new generation of monster fans . 
 i hope you enjoy blood moon available on paperback and ebook at quality book retailers . 
 best wishes , thadicus j. hunter https://www.facebook.com/thadicus.hunter https://twitter.com/thadicushunter the wizard journal series currently scheduled for publication -- copyrighted 2014 all rights reserved : blood moon -lrb- book 1 -rrb- -- first printing and ebook scheduled july 15 , 2014 isbn ebook : 978-1-311-53188-9 isbn paperback : 978-0-615-94898-0 vampiric curse -lrb- book 2 -rrb- -- first paperback printing and ebook scheduled for september 30 , 2014 witches brew -lrb- book 3 -rrb- -- first paperback printing and ebook scheduled for january 30 , 2015 darkzon endgame -lrb- book 4 -rrb- -- first paperback printing and ebook scheduled for june 30 , 2015 chapter 1 `` professor willington , how long do you plan on staying at the university this evening ? 
 i 'll be leaving the building soon and do n't want to lock you in accidentally . '' 
 `` hello tom . 
 it looks like i 'm going to be here for a while longer . '' 
 `` i thought you 'd say that professor , '' he said and paused for a moment knowing full well that the professor sometimes got locked inside . 
 `` you did n't forget your keys again did you ? '' 
 `` nope , got them right here , '' i answered while feeling my jacket pocket to be sure i actually did . 
 i glanced at my watch noting it was already 9:20 pm . 
 it was likely i was the last workaholic or diehard in the building , except for tom who was completing his security shift . 
 `` very well professor , '' tom said and then he smiled at sally . 
 `` you have yourself a good night too , and make sure the professor gets some dinner . '' 
 a tail wagged and thumped against my desk . 
 sally is my faithful assistant who happens to also be a golden retriever that thinks she 's human . 
 sometimes i think she is as well , or at least darn near smart as one . 
 i suppose everyone thinks their dog is the greatest thing since sliced bread . 
 i once described sally to my students as the perfect partner who always listens and never argues , which are two prerequisite traits for any serious laboratory intern . 
 this endorsement always drew laughs from students , despite it being very true . 
 i returned to studying my current puzzle of the day . 
 well , more like ten months to be exact . 
 puzzle is a comfort word i use when having no idea about what i 'm studying . 
 in this case , my puzzle is an artifact having unusual etchings from what appears to have originated across several ancient cultures . 
 i narrowed my eyes while turning the cylinder shaped object side to side . 
 some of the etchings on its surface were almost worn off , but it was still in great shape for being at least 2,000 years old . 
 `` damn it sally , when will this ever make sense ? '' 
 sally looked up and began thumping her tail against my desk again , probably thinking a snack was coming her way . 
 i reached down and scratched her behind her ear while continuing to stare at the object . 
 it looks like a toy rocket without fins , was light as a feather , and measured 12-inches long with a one inch radius . 
 the entire surface was smooth showing no indication of what tools might have been used to make it or the etchings . 
 my graduate student , jackie swanson , actually discovered the artifact last summer while assisting me at an archeological dig near st. peter 's monastery in egypt . 
 jackie had all the qualities of a top graduate intern : enthusiasm , intelligence , hard worker , and as a bonus , great looks . 
 thinking about her caused my mind to drift back to when she first saw the artifact sticking out the desert sand . 
 `` professor willington , i think i 've found something , '' jackie said excitedly , as if finding a gold mine or something even more valuable . 
 at the time , i was brushing sand off small pieces of pottery about twenty feet away . 
 i looked up and saw jackie pointing her finger toward a small mound of sand . 
 as i approached to examine what she was so excited about , i made the mistake of looking into her eyes while the wind blew her long blonde hair gently across her face , which was all it took for me to lose focus -- not my fault , not really . 
 jackie 's eyes are nothing short of amazing and would challenge any emerald for perfection . 
 a man would have to be dead not to take notice . 
 `` there professor , right there , '' she said , franticly pointing to something in the sand . 
 after a moment , i refocused my attention and saw what she was so excited about . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 i asked , thinking it looked like a stone rod sticking out of the sand . 
 i bent down to pick up the object and felt a slight electrical field . 
 the hairs on my hand rose up and a tingly sensation run up my fingers . 
 `` what the heck was that ? '' 
 jackie looked at me confused and her smile faded . 
 `` what is it professor ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 it felt like static electricity , like when you drag your feet against carpet and get a slight shock . '' 
 perhaps it was just my imagination or from being in the sun all day . 
 it would n't be the first time someone imagined things in the desert . 
 being in the hot egyptian sun all day can make anyone a little loopy . 
 `` how is that possible out here ? 
 are you sure you felt something professor ? '' 
 `` not really , '' i answered while bending down again to take a closer look . 
 i moved my hand slowly toward the object and this time did n't feel anything . 
 i lifted it out of the sand and jackie stepped forward for a closer look . 
 we were both curious and a little confused -- actually , a lot confused . 
 `` what do you think it is professor ? 
 is it important ? 
 this is so cool . 
 please tell me the find will qualify for my graduate project . '' 
 `` i think it just might jackie . '' 
 `` this is so cool , '' she said , jumping into the air and clapping her hands together . 
 i lost my concentration again . 
 there was nothing odd about my attraction to jackie . 
 she 's 23 and i 'm 32 , which is not a terribly big age difference . 
 on the other hand , she was my intern and a graduate student at one of the most prestigious universities in the united states , and that alone was enough to put away any serious thought of romance . 
 losing my tenure from being caught in a romantic scandal with an intern was about as close to taking a cold shower as it gets . 
 the sun was setting now , so we drove back to our base camp conveniently located just 20 minutes away . 
 the excitement from possibly discovering something of archeological importance kept smiles on our faces and the adrenalin flowing in our bodies made us a little giddy . 
 the plan now is to freshen up , eat some dinner , and get a good night sleep . 
 culinary experiences in the desert are not like sitting down at a five star restaurant . 
 if lucky , someone would have packed something tasty , like smoked sausages , but that was not the case this evening . 
 for tonight , our culinary delight was hot dogs and beans mixed with occasional grains of sand that the desert breeze graciously provided . 
 no complaints mind you . 
 after a long day in the hot sun , it was easy to image we were eating new york prime steak . 
 having satisfied our nutritional needs , we retired to our individual tents for a good night sleep . 
 as usual , morning came much faster than expected and the desert sun left little desire to remain inside a tent that was rapidly increasing in temperature . 
 the smell of breakfast cooking , however , provided additional encouragement for me to drag my butt outside to see jackie turning eggs in the frying pan . 
 like i said , she 's a great intern . 
 after a good breakfast , we drove to the cairo university to make good use of the best archeology equipment in the world . 
 if the object we found was important , we 'd find out there . 
 jackie and i were becoming increasingly anxious during the several hour drive , mostly because we were not sure if local authorities would welcome us . 
 to our pleasant surprise , egypt 's department of antiquities granted us full access to the university 's archeological lab . 
 evidently , my credentials were provided to the officials by harvard university before i even entered the country . 
 normally it 's not easy cutting through egypt 's red tape because so many thieves have stolen their national treasures throughout history . 
 the egyptians took no chances now , and i did n't blame them . 
 in fact , i fully support their cautious paranoia to keep national treasures in museums for everyone to admire . 
 too many antiquities have been tucked away in private collections or stolen by greedy thieves . 
 in archeology , such transgressions are unforgivable . 
 my initial test indicated the object was indeed an authentic antiquity . 
 strangely , the pentacle etching on the artifact was only visible under x-ray light , as though designed to be hidden from sight . 
 equally strange was the middle section carbon dated 931 to 973 b.c. during king solomon 's rule in israel while the two ends dated back 25,000 years ago . 
 neither end of the artifact had any visible seams , suggesting that advanced technology must have joined them together . 
 having two different carbon dates on a single stone was more than odd , it was archeologically impossible . 
 i have never seen anything like it before , not even in the many volumes of archeological research stored in harvard 's libraries . 
 how could a single stone have two completely different carbon dates ? 
 various etchings were also on the top and bottom of the artifact representing hebrew letters and numbers . 
 i recognized a few of the etchings scattered across various ancient symbols , but most i 've never seen . 
 different carbon dates , separate sections attached with no seams , hebrew letters and numbers , and all this sticking out of sand in the middle of an egyptian desert . 
 none of this makes any sense . 
 i did n't find any evidence linking the artifact to egyptian origin , and neither did the egyptian department of antiquities , which meant the country could n't place a national claim on it . 
 even so , they agreed only to loan it to harvard for further study . 
 a week later i returned to harvard with the artifact to solve its mystery . 
 my mind drifted back to the present day and i heard my stomach making all sorts of hungry noises . 
 `` well , that 's enough for today . 
 come on sally , let 's go home for dinner . '' 
 sally jumped to her feet and ran to the door . 
 i paused for a moment scratching my head thinking the artifact might remain an unsolvable mystery indefinitely . 
 sally woofed to get my attention and we finally left the lab to go home . 
 after having a good dinner made from the best microwavable entrees available , sally and i hit the sack . 
 sally always slept on the bed next to me no matter how many times i put her on the floor . 
 when the lights went out , thump , sally was back in my bed pushing against me for warmth . 
 `` alright sally , settle down now . 
 tomorrow 's a new day , and it 's going to come sooner than we might want . '' 
 harvard professors usually begin their days early in order to prepare for classes , however , today was different . 
 i decided to present my puzzle to a graduate antiquities class and see what the brightest minds in the country might come up with . 
 it was not uncommon for professors to challenge students on research work , so i began class by displaying pictures of my findings . 
 several students quickly recognized a few artifact symbols as reference to the great pentacle from king solomon 's key , but said nothing . 
 they all just curiously stared at the pictures showing hebrew numbers etched on the stone 's ends with conflicting carbon dates . 
 `` professor , how can there be two different carbon dates on the same stone ? '' 
 a student asked . 
 `` good question . 
 if what we see is real , it would seem that more than one set of hands worked on this antiquity , and did so separated by thousands of years . 
 somehow this stone was left undiscovered until found at a dig thought to have revealed its secrets long ago . 
 i 've been studying it for nearly a year now and am no closer to unlocking its mystery than i was on day one . '' 
 none of my students had any idea what all this meant . 
 they were dumbfounded -- just like me -- which i expected would be the case , but a fresh perspective never hurt anyone conducting research . 
 at the end of class , one student stayed behind at her seat unnoticed as i packed up my notes and pictures . 
 `` my grandmother has things with markings like those in your pictures , '' the student said . 
 `` oh , hello , i did n't see you there , '' i said . 
 `` i thought all the students left . 
 what 's your name ? '' 
 `` my name is carmela . '' 
 she was a petite girl with long dark hair and eyes , and she dressed as one would expect a young college student to look like : university sweatshirt , blue jeans with a hole on one knee , smartphone stuck in her pocket , and leather sandals . 
 `` i do n't recall seeing you in class before carmela . 
 are you a new student ? '' 
 `` yes , today was my first class . '' 
 `` where are you from ? 
 `` i was raised in the united states , but my family moved here from peru about 25 years ago . '' 
 `` well , welcome to class carmela . 
 you said you have seen something like this before ? '' 
 `` yes , professor , my grandmother collected things having similar markings like what you showed us today . 
 they are children puzzles in peru . '' 
 `` really , ? 
 how do you solve these puzzles ? '' 
 `` sometimes you can use mirrors and slowly move them at angles to see what the markings mean . '' 
 `` huh , i never heard of peruvian puzzles with these kind of markings . '' 
 `` it is an old custom passed down from families to entertain children , '' she explained . 
 `` my grandmother told me our ancestors would etch things on objects that showed where a hidden treasure was located . 
 only mirrors could reveal where the treasure was hidden . 
 she would hide presents and have me figure out how to find them , but i had to first learn how to use small pieces of mirrors to read her clues . '' 
 carmela put her backpack over her shoulder and headed out of the classroom . 
 `` see you tomorrow professor . '' 
 `` yes , see you tomorrow carmela . '' 
 after getting the class materials together , i headed down the hallway to my lab without giving much thought to what carmela had told me . 
 a child 's game ? 
 nothing is ever that simple . 
 i dismissed the idea as a local custom . 
 i opened the door to my lab where sally was waiting to great me with her tail wagging . 
 no matter how my day went , good or bad , sally was always in a great mood and cheered me up . 
 `` well , where should we begin sally ? '' 
 i asked , and she titled her head as if about to answer . 
 we walked over to my desk and she sat at her usual spot and i scratched my head while staring at the artifact . 
 sally always watched me with interest while i worked . 
 sometimes i thought she was taking mental notes and understood more than me . 
 like i said , she 's an excellent lab assistant , not to mention great company . 
 i started my evening as i have these past ten months by holding the artifact in my hand , as though the ritual might cause my mind to suddenly be enlightened . 
 einstein defined insanity as ` doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results ` . 
 yea , that pretty much describes my state of mind . 
 `` what in the world are you ? '' 
 i asked the artifact , thinking that somehow talking to an inanimate object might cause a cerebral revelation . 
 `` i guess we 'll have to wait for an answer because i 'm hungry . 
 how about you sally , want to go get some dinner ? '' 
 sally , who very well knows the meaning of the word dinner , or any other variation of food words , woofed in agreement . 
 `` okay , give me a few minutes for a quick shave and change of clothes , then we 'll find a greasy spoon restaurant that allows dogs . '' 
 i guess i was preoccupied about my lack of research progress when i accidentally knocked over a small shaving mirror onto the floor . 
 `` damn it , '' i said , causing sally to investigate what was going on . 
 `` no big deal sally , i was almost done anyway . '' 
 after wiping my face clean of shaving cream , i started to pick up the broken pieces of glass from the floor and recalled what carmela had told me earlier in class . 
 could it really be that simple ? 
 i took a larger piece of the broken mirror and carefully aligned it to one side of the etching . 
 nope , nothing made any intelligible sense . 
 i repeated the procedure , but this time took digital pictures of the images and uploaded them to my desk computer . 
 using a decipher program , the images on the computer screen began to look like something as they were turned in various directions and angles ... but what ? 
 the program continued to decipher the images while sally tilted her head side to side listening to the computer make clicking and chirping sounds . 
 `` okay sally , let 's go get something to eat . '' 
 i took a another look at the artifact and resigned myself to accepting that no progress would be made tonight . 
 sally jumped to her feet and followed me out of the lab . 
 as the door was being locked , the computer program ended and announced in an automated voice , `` program translation completed . '' 
 that 's odd . 
 usually decipher programs take days , and this time , it took only a few minutes without even fouling up or crashing . 
 sally and i reentered my lab and i saw six numbers with words ` location gate ' flashing on the computer screen . 
 location gate ... must be a program glitch after all , but the six numbers looked familiar and reminded me of map coordinates . 
 skeptically , i pulled a world atlas from the book case and looked up what i thought might be a longitude and latitude displayed on my monitor . 
 to my surprise , the location was at puerta de hayu marca , a mountain region 35 kilometers from the peruvian city of puno . 
 `` wait a minute , i know this place . 
 it 's the city of the gods . '' 
 puerta de hayu marca , also known as the city or gate of the gods , was exactly dead center on at the map coordinates my computer translated . 
 i looked back at the computer screen and read the words again . 
 `` location gate ... maybe it means gate of the gods , '' i mumbled . 
 i got online to video conference with my old friend manco who is a respected peruvian archeologist . 
 he must have been nearby his computer because he answered quickly . 
 `` willington , how are you my old friend ? 
 `` you know me manco , i get by . 
 how have you been ? 
 `` well as can be expected and more . '' 
 `` manco , tell me about your work at puerta de hayu marca . '' 
 `` why do you want to know about that place ? 
 there is nothing there but what everyone already knows . 
 i have been to the gate of the gods dozens of times . 
 it is boring research these days old friend . '' 
 `` manco , you saw the doorway ? '' 
 `` doorway ... perhaps , or just some ancient vertical sacrifice slab supporting an arch ... who knows for sure . '' 
 `` in the center there is a hole , correct ? 
 `` yes willington , but it is very worn and has no important meaning . '' 
 `` tell me manco , do you recall the radius of the hole ? '' 
 `` let me see , i have it in my notes someplace . '' 
 manco was not the most organized researcher . 
 he had paper piled up on his desk and maps with too many post-its to count stuck on the wall behind him . 
 manco may be disorganized , but he is also the most respected archeologist in south america , and an expert in ancient western civilizations . 
 manco pulled a piece of paper pinned to a corkboard behind his seat and placed it near his webcam . 
 `` ah , here it is . 
 it measures exactly 12 inches deep with a radius of one inch . '' 
 the measurements are exactly the same as the artifact . 
 it ca n't be mere coincidence -- there must be a connection . 
 i felt a surge of excitement that archeologists always get when a new discovery is about to be made . 
 `` manco , how soon could you meet me at puerta de hayu marca ? '' 
 `` how soon can you come to puno ? 
 `` as fast as the next available flight can take me . '' 
 classes at the university still had a couple of weeks before summer break , but i was able to make arrangements for a colleague to cover my early departure . 
 i gathered my traveling clothes and put everything inside a backpack along with the stone artifact . 
 without hast , i caught the first plane to puno peru to meet my old friend . 
 chapter 2 the long flight to puno peru gave me plenty of time to think about when manco and i were undergraduate students . 
 manco attended the university on a full scholarship while i delivered pizza at night and worked at various university jobs to help fund my education . 
 he was the pragmatist and i the dreamer . 
 i guess this is why i choose archeology so that i could live out my dreams by traveling to the many wonders of the world . 
 manco returned to peru after graduating and became an expert in central and south american history while i accepted an associate professorship position . 
 we were best friends in our college days , and still can count on each other despite living far apart . 
 as the plane rolled to a stop on the tarmac , i saw manco . 
 he was wearing a light colored suit and fedora trimmed with black ribbon . 
 good old manco . 
 he looked good , much like he did that last time i saw him ten years ago . 
 you know how some people always make you feel good to be around ? 
 well , that 's the kind of person manco is , and no matter who you were , or what station in life you had , he always made you feel important . 
 when i disembarked from the plane , manco began waving his fedora above his head , as if i might miss him . 
 i found this amusing since he was easy to spot from the waiting crowd totaling all of four people . 
 `` greetings dear friend , welcome to my country , '' he said with his arms stretched high above his head . 
 `` hello manco . 
 it 's great to see you again , '' i said , then we embraced each other as good friends do . 
 a few feet away stood a woman with children and manco turned to them and smiled . 
 `` willington , this is wanita , my wife , and these are my children . 
 and this wanita is my dearest friend jonathan willington . '' 
 `` wife and children ? 
 when did all this happen ? '' 
 `` you have not visited for some time willington , and as you can see , much has changed , '' he said , then let out a big laugh while wrapping his arm around my shoulder . 
 `` come , tonight you will feast on the finest peruvian delicacies and be a quest at my home . 
 after a full belly , good conversation , some tequila , and a restful sleep , we will go to the gate of the gods . 
 for what reason you want to go there , i ca n't imagine , but it is your wish , so we will go . '' 
 manco led me to his jeep where his wife and children had already piled into the back so i could sit in front . 
 `` just you wait manco . 
 i think i am onto something really big . '' 
 `` big you say ... good for you ... maybe good for me too . '' 
 it was a short ride to manco 's house from puno and the scenery looked much the same as it did when i last visited . 
 the dirt road was pocked with holes and cactus were blooming vivid colors of red , yellow , and white . 
 ahead i could see grassy hills and every now and then some local wildlife . 
 i had forgotten the natural beauty of this country . 
 manco was right . 
 ten years was too long of an absence from such a beautiful place , and certainly too long for us to have a reunion . 
 we arrived at manco 's house quicker than i expected . 
 upon entering , i stood quietly and looked around at what was a very clean and domestic interior . 
 my surprise must have been easy to notice because manco smiled and slapped me on the back . 
 `` ha , not the same place you remembered from your last visit , hey willington ? '' 
 `` things do look quite different now , '' i said , looking at native weavings , carved dolls and animals , and handmade wooden furniture neatly placed as his home decor , not to mention a lack of empty tequila bottles that use to litter his floor . 
 `` family life suits you well manco , and the touch of a beautiful woman has turned your hole in the wall into a real home . '' 
 manco laughed and wanita smiled showing she was happy to hear my compliment and seeing her husband so proud of his home . 
 `` i suppose it seems a bit alien to you my friend , being a lab rat at a harvard . 
 what can i say ? 
 being married and having children can change even the most stubborn of us , '' he said , then cuffed his hand near his mouth and muttered , `` to tell you the truth willington , i do miss my tools and antiquities that once adorned this humble place . '' 
 i nodded in agreement , then we laughed and slapped each other backs like we use to do after completing research projects at harvard . 
 `` it 's good to see you again manco . 
 really good . '' 
 `` yes , just like old times willington , '' he said and opened a door . 
 `` here is your room my friend . 
 put your things over there next to the bed and wanita will prepare a nice hot bath for you . 
 soon , dinner will be ready , and after dinner , we drink tequila , tell stories , and when our eyes are too heavy to keep open , we shall sleep . 
 at sunrise , may it not come too quickly , we shall go to the gates of the gods . '' 
 manco let out another loud laugh as he closed my bedroom door and began chasing his kids pretending to be a bear . 
 the children were laughing and shouting , `` no bear can catch us . 
 we are too fast . '' 
 for a moment , i felt a little old having no family , except for sally , who i suppose is my family . 
 i actually have no memory of my biological parents and only vague memories of being raised in foster homes . 
 i was told my parents died in an automobile crash when i was 12 , which caused a form of amnesia . 
 my childhood became less relevant once i became a student at harvard . 
 burying my head in books all day and delivering pizza at night did n't leave much time for thinking about my past . 
 `` señor willington , your bath is ready , '' wanita said . 
 `` come now while it is still hot . 
 dinner will be ready soon señor . '' 
 `` please , call me jonathan , and thank you wanita for being so hospitable . '' 
 `` you are most welcome señor willington ... i mean jonathan . '' 
 the bathtub in the center of room was larger than i expected and made out of copper sheets banged together in artistic fashion . 
 its edges were adorned with cactus , suns , moons , birds and various other things one would find in a desert wilderness . 
 there was no plumbing , except for a single pipe exiting from the bottom of the tub to a small metal grate in the floor . 
 the bathwater was hot , but not so hot for me to step in , albeit i had to do so slowly . 
 i got myself into a comfortable position and closed my eyes while listening to music playing in the living room . 
 the smell of fine home cooking kept me from falling asleep , but just barely . 
 `` willington , did you drown in that tub ? '' 
 manco asked . 
 `` it is time to eat dinner my friend and taste the delicacies of my country . '' 
 i was already drying myself off when manco told me dinner was ready . 
 perhaps i overstayed my time enjoying a hot bath , but i felt so refreshed that there was little room for feeling guilty . 
 `` be right there , '' i said . 
 when i came out from the bath , everyone was sitting quietly at the dinner table waiting for me to join . 
 i sat in the empty seat next to manco and gazed at a feast of vegetables and meats that nearly made me drool with anticipation . 
 manco made a couple of grunts like he was clearing his throat . 
 i looked at him and saw he was holding out his hand to me as was juan , his eldest son sitting at my other side . 
 everyone was holding hands , except me . 
 `` we will thank god for our many blessings , '' manco said , wiggling his fingers at me as a gesture to hold hands . 
 i placed joined hands with manco and his son while manco thanked god for a wonderful life , family , food , and the company of an old friend . 
 once the prayer was done , food began being passed around the table in an amazing orderly fashion , especially given such young hungry children . 
 the food was incredibly delicious and i ate enough for three full grown men . 
 it was the best food i 've had for a very long time . 
 after dinner , wanita got the older children settled down in their bedrooms and put the youngest in bed to sleep . 
 manco and i sat at a table next to a warm crackling fire and drank tequila and smoked cigars . 
 `` life is good , hey old friend ? '' 
 manco asked . 
 `` sitting here in your home , i 'd have to agree with you manco . 
 i doubt it could get any better than this . '' 
 after a few minutes of staring into the fire and making smoke rings from our cigars , manco looked at me with a familiar and curious archeology demeanor . 
 he had held back his curiosity since my arrival , which surprised me given what he already knew about the nature of my visit . 
 it was time to get down to business . 
 `` tell me all about this stone of yours and what you expect to find at the gates of the gods . '' 
 `` manco , you wo n't believe it . 
 the artifact has two different carbon dates . '' 
 `` two different carbon dates you say . 
 how is that possible on a single stone ? '' 
 `` that 's just it manco , it should n't be possible '' i said , then took the artifact out of my backpack to show him . 
 `` look , it 's as though there were three stones made into one . 
 there are no lines or indication of breaks anywhere . 
 it 's solid , has no magnetic characteristics , and weighs almost nothing . 
 here , let me show you , '' i said , placing the artifact onto manco 's palm and moving it slowly to the left , then to the right . 
 `` see manco , there is no feeling of weight displacement when the stone is moved . 
 have you ever seen anything like this before ? '' 
 manco did n't need to reply because the expression on his face said it all . 
 he moved the stone side to side and extended it out horizontally . 
 `` remarkable ... never in my life have i seen such a thing , '' he said and narrowed his eyes to inspect the artifact more closely . 
 `` some of these etchings are mayan . '' 
 `` yes , but these other etchings are something i have not seen before . 
 it does not appear to be from any language on record , and look , there 's more manco . '' 
 i took the x-ray pictures out of my backpack and handed them to manco . 
 `` look here , a pentagram with strange etches along the sides and ends , '' i said , pointing to a drawing , then to numbers on the ends . 
 i explained how the numbers appeared to be a map location for the gate of the gods . 
 manco 's eyes shifted back and forth from the artifact to the picture . 
 `` remarkable . 
 simply remarkable , '' he said , narrowing his eyes as though not believing what he was seeing . 
 `` what puzzles me manco is that i doubt any modern day technology could have made this stone , never mind thousands of years ago , and why was it discovered now sticking out of the sand in an egyptian desert ? 
 it should have been buried deep in the desert after all these years . 
 it just does n't make any sense . '' 
 `` willington , do you really believe this stone has something to do with the gates of the gods ? '' 
 `` i think it might be a code of some sort . 
 perhaps as the legends say , the gate is a portal to another dimension or world not of this earth . '' 
 manco looked at me very seriously for a moment and then laughed . 
 `` good , then you go to the gate first and i 'll wait here . '' 
 we laughed some more and then reminded ourselves how important the artifact might be if evidence could be found linking it to the gate of the gods . 
 tomorrow the artifact will be placed into the gate 's hole and hopefully bring us one step closer to solving the mystery . 
 manco looked tense . 
 `` who will place the stone into the gate ? '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` do n't worry manco , i 'll do it . '' 
 `` okay , if you insist my friend , '' he said and then relaxed while lighting up another cigar . 
 after manco 's children were all tucked away in their beds , wanita came out and joined us by the fireside . 
 she smiled , gave manco a kiss on his check , and began knitting . 
 `` it is a scarf for juan to keep him warm , '' she said . 
 `` the night will become cold in a few weeks . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` it 's a nice scarf . 
 your son will be proud to wear it . '' 
 manco began telling stories from mayan history . 
 as is the case with any archeological conversation , various interpretations of how and why the mayan calendar was created took us into late evening . 
 wanita excused herself and wished us a good night and told manco not to stay up much longer . 
 not long after , manco and i finally exhausted our theoretical interpretations and went to our rooms to sleep . 
 when morning arrived , rosters let everyone know sleep time was over . 
 i opened my eyes and saw manco 's two youngest children at the foot of my bed staring at me . 
 `` good morning , '' i said while rubbing and blinking my eyes . 
 with big smiles and giggles , the children replied in a cappella , `` good morning señor willington , '' and scooted out of my room shouting `` he is awake , señor willington is awake . '' 
 `` it 's about time . 
 i swear willington , working at the university has weakened your sense of adventure . 
 come on man , let 's get moving before the sun is gone . '' 
 `` gone , it still looks dark outside to me , '' i said , pointing to the bedroom window . 
 manco opened the bedroom room door wider , extended his arms in the air , and said in a loud voice with a big smile , `` let us go to the gate of the gods . '' 
 i asked manco , sarcastically , why he let me sleep so long if he was anxious for adventure . 
 manco raised his eyebrows and his smile faded . 
 `` me ... you say i let you sleep , '' he said and left the room muttering something in spanish . 
 `` come on willington , breakfast is ready and my jeep is packed . 
 the adventure you seek is waiting for us at the gate of the gods . '' 
 manco 's enthusiasm made me smile and wake up enough to get out of bed . 
 i looked toward the bedroom window again while buttoning my shirt and saw a roster on the windowsill staring at me . 
 `` what are you looking at ? 
 are you the one who woke everyone up ? '' 
 the rooster turned his backside to me , hopped off the windowsill , and made a long noisy crow -- just to tick me off . 
 as i exited my room , i saw manco packing up the last few things into his jeep . 
 wanita smiled and told me to take care of her husband and not be gone too long . 
 i promised to do as she instructed and went outside . 
 the sun was now rising from the eastern horizon causing the night chill to fade quickly . 
 it was going to be a great day . 
 juan , the oldest boy , was in the back of the jeep sitting on duffle bags . 
 `` look willington , my son juan is the next archeologist in the family . '' 
 juan smiled and stiffened his posture , showing pleasure in his father 's approval . 
 he was lucky to have a father like manco who understood the wonder of discovery . 
 not many children have the opportunity to learn about past civilizations from a renowned expert . 
 `` this is my first adventure señor willington , '' juan said . 
 `` you and papa must teach me everything . '' 
 manco paused before sitting in the jeep and looked at me with a big smile , then looked back at juan . 
 `` everything you say ? 
 that is a tall order my son , but we will teach you at least something today . '' 
 the drive to the gate of the gods took about two hours on a poorly maintained road . 
 all the bouncing around was enough to make me consider walking , but i survived and we reached our destination . 
 manco stopped the jeep at the top a hill overlooking a mountainside . 
 `` there is the gate of the gods , '' manco said , pointing toward the gate 's arch a few hundred feet away . 
 until now , i had only seen the gate of the gods in pictures presented in national geographic magazines . 
 it was less impressive and seemed smaller than what i expected . 
 a few moment later , manco started driving again and stopped about 20 feet in front of the arch . 
 juan stayed in the jeep while manco and i started walking to the gate , but manco stopped after a taking a few steps . 
 i guess he was a little spooked about the artifact and what might happen when it came into contact with the gate . 
 me on the other hand , i could n't wait to see what happened . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 manco asked . 
 `` now we see if the artifact is a key or a hole filler . '' 
 `` we ? '' 
 asked manco . 
 `` wait here . 
 i 'll check it out . '' 
 `` well , if you insist . 
 i 'll wait here as you say , '' he said , then took several steps back towards the jeep . 
 i took the artifact out of my backpack and moved it near the outside edge of the hole -- it looked like a perfect fit . 
 after brushing away some loose dirt , i moved the artifact closer and felt an electrical field , like the one at the dig site in egypt . 
 before i could react , the artifact jumped out of my hand into the hole . 
 a moment later i felt a vibration and the static field intensified . 
 i stepped back a few feet and kept my eyes fixed on the artifact , fascinated by what i just saw . 
 `` okay , it 's not a hole filler , '' i muttered . 
 `` willington , perhaps you should not stand so close , '' manco said . 
 `` something is not right here and we should leave this place . '' 
 my wrist watch then flew off my hand and stuck to the stone gate . 
 a moment later , the jeep began moving slowly toward the gate , its wheels locked and digging into the dirt . 
 manco 's mouth dropped open and he quickly stepped out of the jeeps way . 
 juan jumped out of the jeep and fell to the ground . 
 `` what sorcery is this ? '' 
 manco asked , then his metal medallion rose from under his shirt and pointed horizontally to the gate . 
 he pulled the medallion down , but when he let go , it snapped back toward the gate and pulled the chain around his neck , enough so that manco put his foot forward to keep from falling . 
 as quickly as everything began , it was over . 
 my watch fell to the ground , manco 's medallion fell to his chest , and the jeep stopped moving . 
 the three of us stared at the gate dumfounded by the experience , which was not yet over . 
 the artifact began to turn clockwise for a few turns and then counterclockwise . 
 the back and forth movement continued , increasing in speed , while a blue-white light on the tip of the artifact glowed brighter with each rotation . 
 `` willington ... we should go now , '' manco said as he and juan got back into the jeep . 
 the ground around us began to shake causing me to sway . 
 i extended my arms to balance myself and manco held both of his hand tight on the jeep 's wheel . 
 `` what the heck . '' 
 i said and a second later the artifact stopped turning , but the light emitting from the gate intensified so brightly i had to cover my eyes . 
 i took a few more steps backwards and a bolt of light shot out from the gate hitting me square center on my chest . 
 there was no sound and i felt no pain . 
 i brushed my hand against my chest thinking i might be on fire , but there was nothing . 
 no marks , burns , not so much as a wrinkle . 
 the artifact then fell to the ground and manco ran to me thinking i was injured . 
 `` willington , are you alright ? '' 
 `` i 'm okay manco , '' i answered and started walking to where the artifact fell . 
 as i got closer , i could see it was no longer a stone , but had turned translucent like glass . 
 the gate looked as it did before , except a larger opening appeared and revealed something inside . 
 `` what just happened ? '' 
 manco asked while staring at the new opening , noticing something was inside it . 
 `` willington , what in the world are those things ? '' 
 three metal tubes with elaborate etchings and artwork were resting inside the gates opening . 
 i removed the tubes and found three ancient scrolls inside each that measured eight inches square . 
 i put the scrolls back inside the tubes and handed them to manco . 
 `` first things first manco , '' i said and turned my attention back to the artifact , which was not only translucent , but also had many more etched symbols than before . 
 i rotated the artifact and saw that the etchings covered its surface in a spiral pattern . 
 there was no visible beginning or end to the pattern and it had multiple layers on the inside that were too small to distinguish . 
 as strange as it might sound , the artifact felt familiar in someway , like when almost remembering a dream just before it vanishes from memory . 
 `` manco , those tubes you 're holding were designed to preserve the scrolls inside the gate and this artifact is obviously a key . 
 i 've never seen anything like it and doubt anyone on this planet besides us has either . '' 
 `` nothing that has happened here today is natural willington . 
 many believe these mountains are cursed , and after all this , i am inclined to agree . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` many people also believe it is blessed . 
 this all means something manco . 
 it 's as if the artifact and scrolls were waiting for us to find them after being hidden for thousands of years . 
 whatever they are , there might very well be a connection to king solomon 's key . '' 
 manco 's eyes widened as he began to understand the possible significance of what we found . 
 `` let 's get back to puno , '' i said excitedly . '' 
 we have much work to do manco . '' 
 chapter 3 when we arrived back at manco 's house , manco swept his hands across the dinning table sending napkins and flowers to the floor . 
 he then spread all nine scrolls on the table for us to study , not noticing that wanita was looking at him as if he was crazy . 
 `` manco , what are you doing ? 
 please stop , do n't wreak our home , '' she pleaded . 
 manco grabbed wanita 's arms and began singing and dancing in circles with her . 
 she was shocked by her husband 's behavior and clearly frightened . 
 `` we are going to be rich and famous dear wife . 
 is n't that so willington ? '' 
 wanita pushed manco aside and took their children outside . 
 she said something in spanish , and by the tone , i was pretty sure it was n't polite . 
 manco stopped laughing . 
 `` huh ... i guess she thinks i lost my mind . '' 
 `` you think ? '' 
 i asked and began organizing the scrolls in various patterns , moving them back and forth as three rows of three so all nine scrolls were placed into one large square . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 manco asked . 
 `` i 'm not sure yet . 
 it looks like these scroll are a piece of a large single scroll . 
 look here , see how all the outside edges of each scroll have the same mayan symbols . 
 each symbol represents a classical element : this is water , this is fire , this swirling one is wind , and this one here is earth . '' 
 `` yes , i see what you mean , '' manco said , then pointed to the middle page . 
 `` what does this one mean ? '' 
 `` it looks like some sort of astrological pattern connected to our solar system . 
 most interesting is that the outer pages are written in mayan and some other language i 've never seen . 
 the center page is mostly in hebrew along with what looks like our sun and planets in alignment . 
 i 'm far from being sure , but i think these might be the missing pages from king solomon 's key . '' 
 `` what connection could there possibly be between the hebrews and mayans and these ancient scrolls ? '' 
 manco asked . 
 `` there should n't be any connection . 
 it makes no sense . 
 each civilization was separated by thousands of years and great geographical distances . 
 whatever this is , it appears to have somehow crossed over in historical record keeping . 
 manco , someone hid these scrolls at the gate of the gods to protect them , but for what purpose ? '' 
 `` someone you say ... who ? 
 `` i do n't know , but whoever it was , they did n't want just anyone to find them . '' 
 i began translating the writing and symbols on the eight outer scrolls . 
 they which described an ancient race of visitors who came to earth at the last galactic alignment 25,000 years ago . 
 `` the scrolls say these visitors traveled in great fire spitting birds as bright as our sun . 
 giants come forth from the birds possessing godlike powers . 
 the mayans called one of them itzam-yeh , meaning the celestial bird , and they made him their god . 
 itzam-yeh in return made the mayans his slaves to gather sacred elements from the earth . 
 strange beasts were set upon the mayans to make them work day and night mining precious elements . 
 some of the visitors also took mayan women as mates and produced offspring . '' 
 `` go on willington , what else do the scrolls say ? '' 
 `` evidently there was a big battle when benevolent beings came to earth and fought the visitors . 
 many mayans died and their cities were destroyed during the battle . 
 eventually , the visitors were driven from earth by the benevolent beings that became friends and protectors of the mayans , and lived with them in peace for many years . '' 
 `` folklore , '' manco said . 
 `` there is no historical records or evidence that the mayans were visited by aliens , at least nothing credible . 
 what am i saying ? 
 there is no evidence of aliens . '' 
 `` perhaps , but look here manco . 
 the inside edges on the eight outer scrolls tells a different story . 
 it says itzam-yeh would leave and return according to the position of a large and small sun . 
 the large sun indicates when he would return and the small sun when he went away . 
 and look here ... do you see the planets in this first circle with a sun in the center ? '' 
 `` i see eight and this little dot at the outer edge , '' manco replied . 
 `` just like our solar system , right ? 
 now look at this second ring . 
 it 's elliptical , like an egg , with a sun on the narrow tip of the elliptical ring . 
 there is a group of objects like planets clustered together on the far side of the ring . '' 
 manco scratched his head . 
 `` this makes no sense willington . 
 every school child knows there are only eight planets in our solar system , excluding pluto '' `` yes , but this cluster of planets is not in the same rotation pattern as our planets . 
 look at the scale of the rings . 
 our system is separated from the rotation of the outer ring for most of the time . 
 the outer and inner rings intersect here for what appears to be a shorter period of time . '' 
 `` what does it mean ? 
 `` i believe it means our sun appears small when the objects are outside our solar system rotation , and looks bigger when inside our rotation . 
 if my translation is accurate , and the scrolls are not folklore as you believe , it would suggest that we have neighbors . '' 
 `` neighbors ? 
 what kind of neighbors ? '' 
 `` according to what is written on these scrolls , the kind of neighbors nobody wants . 
 look here ... this word tanniyn means dragon or monster in hebrew and is repeated on the scroll here and also here . '' 
 manco pointed to other symbols . 
 `` i believe these represent time , '' he said . 
 `` if so , the first symbol here at the far edge of our solar system means one . 
 the marking at the top means thousand , which would suggest the first ring represents 1,000 years and increments by a factor of five . 
 this means the second ring is 5,000 and the third is 25,000 . 
 according to this map , the outer and inner rings intersect every 25,000 years . '' 
 manco eyes widened . 
 `` willington , this timeframe of solar rotations corresponds to the mayan calendar and their prophecy . '' 
 `` i think you 're right . 
 the mayans may be telling us that this other group of planets intersects our solar system every 25,000 years . 
 the mayan calendar completed its last cycle on december 21 , 2012 . 
 finding the scrolls now ca n't be a coincidence . '' 
 `` but willington , that date has come and gone and nothing happened . 
 i remember all the crazies hiding in the mountains thinking the world was coming to an end . 
 when they returned to their villages , thieves had stolen their possessions . 
 i kept my shotgun loaded the entire week and barricaded my house . '' 
 `` the mayan calendar represents a beginning and end , not necessarily armageddon , '' i said . 
 `` it is like an hour glass filled with sand . 
 when one side of the glass is empty , you turn it over and begin again . 
 the mayans thought of each cycle as a new beginning . '' 
 `` a beginning to what ? '' 
 `` that 's what we need to find out , '' i said while putting the scrolls back into the metal tubes . 
 `` i need to return to harvard and review everything with professor benjamin clarke . 
 he 's an astrophysicist and can verify our calculations and theory . '' 
 `` why wait willington ? 
 you can use my computer now to contact professor clarke . '' 
 i hesitated . 
 `` no , we ca n't use computers or cell phones , not here . 
 this is too important to risk using unsecure lines , and we do n't want to start rumors or a panic . '' 
 `` yes , of course . 
 i also do n't want to load my shotgun again worrying about more crazies . '' 
 it was a long day and the adrenalin from all the excitement had worn off making us tired , so i decided to wait until morning to schedule a flight back to the states . 
 meanwhile , manco went outside to comfort wanita and urge her to come back inside . 
 she was still upset and he needed to convince her that his sanity has not escaped him . 
 juan was not very concerned and peeked through the window to observe his parents . 
 manco and wanita needed time alone , so i decided to go to bed now and get a good night sleep . 
 it seemed like only a few minutes passed when manco woke me up to travel to the airport . 
 `` do you always get up so early ? '' 
 `` yes , of course ... do n't you ? 
 one should not waste the day willington . '' 
 `` the sun is not even up manco . 
 how can anyone waste the day before it begins ? '' 
 `` nonsense , '' he said , then looked over his shoulder to see if anyone else was up . 
 `` i think we shall skip breakfast this morning willington . 
 better not to wake wanita and the children . '' 
 that 's guy talk for manco being in big trouble with his wife . 
 i got dressed as quickly as possibly , trying not to wake anyone , then jumped into the jeep . 
 manco was n't the only one who wanted to avoid another family episode . 
 the ride to rodríguez ballón international airport in arequipa was an annoying and typical , bumpy ride . 
 the scenery , however , was spectacular making the 172 kilometer trip somewhat bearable . 
 manco figured since he was going to be in arequipa , he might as well visit his brother and sister-in-law in the city , so he was in a very good mood . 
 along the way , i purchased a one-way air fare using my cell phone because my current return ticket had a later departure date and could n't be used . 
 the airline was kind enough to issue me a full credit toward the new ticket because it was n't a direct flight . 
 there was , however , an overnight layover in las vegas , so i also booked a hotel on the strip . 
 i 've never been in las vegas and thought this was a good opportunity to check the city out and relax before restarting my busy life in boston . 
 `` willington , you will keep me well informed of what you learn back in the states , wo n't you ? 
 if something is going to happen , i would like to know about it . '' 
 `` you 're a dear friend and colleague manco , and you were with me at the gates of the gods . 
 not only will i keep you informed , but your name will appear on any publication should any of this ever make press . '' 
 manco made a big smile and began singing loudly in his deep voice . 
 he sung in spanish and every few minutes broke into english . 
 i tried to join in on the english verses the best i could , but my timing was off and the sounds i made could hardly be called singing . 
 we arrived at the airport and manco walked with me into the building near the security gate . 
 he grabbed both of my shoulders , squeezed them so tight i thought they would dislocate , and then embraced me . 
 `` stay safe old friend , '' he said . 
 when manco stepped back , i saw tears building up in his eyes . 
 this was a man i could always count on no matter what . 
 he was more than a friend . 
 he was a brother to me . 
 i smiled . 
 `` you stay safe too manco . 
 take care of your beautiful family . '' 
 `` yes , of course i will willington . '' 
 manco turned and began singing another local song again as he walked away . 
 he sang loud enough to cause people to turn , and a few tried to join in on a few notes as he passed by . 
 i was already beginning to miss him . 
 after getting my ticket at the airport kiosk machine , i stood in the security line and waited my turn to be scanned . 
 i understood the artifact in my backpack might cause concern , so i prepared myself to explain what it was . 
 sure enough , when my bag went through the scanner , a red light lit up and a buzzer sounded . 
 two security guards asked me to step aside while they looked inside my backpack . 
 i did as they instructed , smiling of course to not increase their concern , and watched a guard take the artifact out . 
 this will be interesting . 
 the guard examined the artifact with a confused expression . 
 `` what is this señor ? '' 
 the guard asked . 
 `` oh , that ... it 's a souvenir i purchased from an artist friend of mine in puno . '' 
 the security guard called a couple of his buddies over to take a look and they all began conversing among themselves in spanish . 
 even though i do n't speak spanish well , i could tell by their body language that they were not only confused , but also did n't know what to do with a 12 inch transparent rod being brought aboard an airplane . 
 one of the guards ran a metal detector wand over it a couple of times . 
 after a few minutes , and more discussion in spanish , the guard returned the artifact to my bag . 
 he thanked me for visiting his country , apologized for the delay , and waved me through the gate to board my flight . 
 it was n't long before the plane was airborne . 
 i decided to take a long nap , hopefully all the way to las vegas . 
 i must have been really tired , because when i opened my eyes , i was looking at the vegas tarmac -- that was a very long nap . 
 my legs felt like rubber from sitting so long . 
 i was n't sure if i could stand without falling into another passenger , but did okay , thus managing to keep my dignity . 
 the stewards said their typical , `` bye bye , enjoy your stay , '' and i was off to catch a cab . 
 when i stepped outside of the airport , there were five cabs lined up waiting for business . 
 unfortunately for me , i happened to get a cab with its air-conditioning not working -- not a lucky sign for being in vegas . 
 it was a hot night with enough humidity to soak an olympic sized pool . 
 all i could think of was air conditioning and an ice cold beer . 
 the cabby pulled up to the hotel entrance and said , `` stay cool if you can man . '' 
 i smiled , barely , and quickly paid the cabby so i could get out of the sauna posing as a cab . 
 when i walked into the hotel lobby , a sudden change in air temperature stopped me in my tracks . 
 i closed my eyes taking in deep breaths of the welcomed air conditioning when a hotel worker asked if i was alright . 
 `` i am now , '' i said and opened my eyes , then walked to the front desk where a middle-aged women greeted me . 
 `` good evening sir , do you have a reservation ? 
 `` yes , i do . 
 it 's under the name jonathan willington . '' 
 the clerk typed my name into a computer as i thanked the stars above for whoever discovered air conditioning . 
 `` room 1301 mr. willington , but maintenance is currently repairing your room air conditioner . 
 we were n't expecting you for several hours sir . '' 
 say it is n't so . 
 i felt a panic attack coming on . 
 `` it 's being repaired ? '' 
 i asked in disbelief . 
 `` and it 's going to take a couple of hours ? 
 are there any other rooms available ? '' 
 `` no sir , '' she replied . 
 `` please accept our apologies and free admission to the show beginning in the main theater at 8:00 . 
 it begins 45-minutes from now . '' 
 the desk clerk looked at the ticket and moved her eyebrows up , then smiled and handed it to me . 
 `` wow , a front row center seat sir . 
 how unusual given the show is also fully booked , '' she said , then handed me what looked like a poker chip . 
 `` please also accept this token for food and refreshments at the bar . 
 it 's complimentary , no charge of course . '' 
 not bad . 
 i get a dinner and show , all for a little bit of sweat -- actually , a lot of sweat . 
 i accepted the hotel 's consolation gifts and went to the hotel bar . 
 a cold beer sounded like what any good doctor would order for a man who lost five pound in sweat . 
 after i had a beer and a steak sandwich , i felt almost human again . 
 i thanked the bartender and gave him my token , then headed out to find the theater . 
 people were pouring in to a large open area having their tickets punched -- that was easy to find . 
 i fell in line with the human tide and entered an impressively sized theater able to hold 3,000 people easily . 
 i showed my ticket to one of the doormen who looked at the seat location . 
 `` vip , '' the doorman said and motioned to a young lady who would show me to my seat . 
 `` right this way sir , '' she said , then led me to a front row center seat . 
 `` enjoy the show sir . '' 
 i thanked her and sat in my seat while extending my feet outward like i owned the place . 
 i kept feeling the side of my backpack every few minutes to be sure the artifact was still there . 
 it 's not every day someone carries an ancient artifact and scrolls around in a backpack , especially in a city where a few drinks and a poker table could easily gamble it away . 
 the show began in a typical fashion , albeit my first , but i do occasionally watch television and understood the basics . 
 lots of girls were dancing in skimpy costumes , feathered hats , sequins glittering , and music filled the theater with sound only a live orchestra could produce . 
 the first half of the performance lasted about 30 minutes . 
 once the dancing girls exited , a tall lanky man came out from a side curtain . 
 he asked if everyone was enjoying the show and received enthusiastic clapping and several whistles from the audience . 
 `` well then , if you enjoyed the show thus far , you will love what is in store for you during intermission , '' the man said . 
 `` it is my pleasure to present to you , in his first ever performance , a man who defies the natural order of our world . 
 indeed , you wo n't believe your eyes . 
 please welcome jules the elementalist . '' 
 people began to clap as a man walked out to the center of the stage and stopped directly in front of me . 
 the performer was average height with white hair tied into a ponytail that fell nearly a foot below the collar of his dark colored suit . 
 he looked out at the audience with no expression whatsoever , which surprised me being because he was a performer . 
 you 'd think a little smile would be a standard procedure in vegas shows , but jules the elementalist was absolutely stone faced . 
 `` welcome , '' the performer said , then raised his hands above his head . 
 long sheets of colored silk shot out of the entertainer 's jacket sleeves and floated above his head . 
 a moment later , a gust of wind appeared from nowhere carrying the sheets over the audience , circling and dipping in every direction . 
 there must have been 100 sheets whipping around making a fluttering sound that were not more than 20 feet above us . 
 as fast as it started , the sheets returned to the performer and disappeared back inside his sleeves . 
 cool trick . 
 i wonder how he concealed so many sheets in such a tight suit jacket . 
 the audience erupted into a loud applause while the performer folded his hands and placed them in front at waist height . 
 `` you believe this was magic , '' he said . 
 `` as you understand such things , perhaps . 
 what you actually experienced was a manipulation of energy that exists in everything surrounding us . 
 the natural or classical elements as you might say . '' 
 ah , thus the name jules the elementalist . 
 is elementalist even a real word ? 
 `` another illustration , '' he said , then looked at a young girl about ten years old sitting two seats to my left . 
 `` child , i know what you dream of when sleeping . 
 you have drawn many pictures of what you wish to be true and pretend your dreams are real . '' 
 this is when i first noticed the performer 's brilliant blue eye color , which pierced the air with intensity without blinking . 
 the young girl smiled while looking at her mother and then back at the performer . 
 `` so be it , '' the performer said , maintaining his stone face gaze , then stepping back several feet . 
 jules the elementalist raised his right hand at shoulder height , muttered something too soft to hear , and a bright green sheet of silk flew out his sleeve . 
 it was a very large sheet and it circled him several times before moving to his right whirling in long circular motions . 
 the bottom of the sheet dragged across the stage and the top rose up twenty feet . 
 i once again wondered how he hid this in his jacket . 
 all of a sudden , the sheet shot up into the air out of sight revealing a white horse with a spiral horn coming out of his head . 
 it was a unicorn , or a horse with a styrofoam horn glued to his head . 
 the horse bobbed its head up and down snorting breathes while pawing the stage with one hoof . 
 the audience gasped and the little girl 's smile turned into a look of amazement with her mouth wide open . 
 jules looked at the young girl and said , `` see child , what you dream of is indeed real . '' 
 the girl began laughing and applauding as did the audience . 
 in a flash , the green sheet descended from above and danced around the unicorn , horse , or whatever . 
 after several fast circles around the animal , the sheet vanished up the performer 's sleeve from where it came and the horse was gone . 
 now that 's an impressive trick . 
 `` how many of you truly understand nature 's wonders or remember what you know deep inside is true ? '' 
 jules asked , then looked directly at me , his eyes even more piercing than before . 
 `` what do you believe sir ? '' 
 he asked me . 
 `` do you remember what you have always known to be true ? '' 
 okay , jules is a weirdo . 
 i tried not to blink in a vain attempt to stare him down . 
 it did n't work . 
 i blinked . 
 jules moved his gaze back to the audience and said nothing while a sheet , this time red in color , shot out from somewhere behind him and began circling him . 
 after a few moments , the sheet shot up into the air and disappeared , as did jules . 
 the audience again gasped in surprise , then fell into silence . 
 a few hands began to clap and the entire audience joined in while dancers flowed back onto the stage with music playing . 
 i bet there is a trap door on the stage , but if there was , i ca n't see it . 
 how in the world did he do that ? 
 too bad the magic act was so short . 
 i would have enjoyed watching jules show us more tricks despite him creeping me out with his stare . 
 it was getting late , so i decided not stay for the remainder of the show . 
 i needed a good night sleep since my flight to new york would be boarding at 7:30 am , which meant an early wakeup call . 
 after the front desk confirmed that my room was ready , i headed up the elevator and was please to easily find my room . 
 a sign posted on the hallway wall showed me that my room was to the left , and as one might hope after a long day , just a couple of doors down the corridor . 
 hotels all use electronic card locks now on their room doors . 
 i never trusted these things and thought some wiz-kid with a tablet and mission impossible code breaker might find a way in . 
 to make my paranoia even more acute , i reminded myself that i was carrying an ancient artifact pre-dating the history of modern man , and to combat the unseen enemy -- teenage wiz-kids -- i decided to keep the artifact in arm reach at all times . 
 as hotel rooms go , my room was exceptionally nice and clean . 
 it had a large king sized bed with a fresh pillow and new bed covers . 
 equally satisfying was seeing clean white towels neatly folded to welcome guests and a wall caddy filled with dispensable soap and shampoo . 
 the very thought of taking a long hot shower and having a clean bed to pass out on was almost too much to good to be true . 
 chapter 4 there are few things in this world as good as a hot shower , but at the moment , i could n't think of anything even remotely close . 
 without hesitation , i undressed and soaked myself in a long hot liquid piece of heaven for what had to be at least 40 minutes . 
 all the aches and pains washed away while my mind relaxed as best possible knowing what i discovered . 
 when i opened my shower curtain , i could n't see anything because there was so much steam -- it looked like a foggy bog . 
 i had to feel my way along the wall to turn on the ceiling fan and vent the steam out . 
 the artifact was still safe in my backpack sitting next to the towel rack , albeit a little wet from all the moisture . 
 `` arms reach ... keep the artifact at arms reach , '' i muttered . 
 after completing all the nighttime procedures one does before going to sleep , i grabbed my backpack , placed it next to the bed , and pulled the sheets up to my chin . 
 i was in a state of bliss and just closed my eyes when the phone rang . 
 i looked at my watch showing it was 11:30 pm . 
 really , someone is calling me now at this hour . 
 i considered whether or not i should answer , probably a wrong number , but i answered with obvious irritation in my voice . 
 `` this better be good . '' 
 `` um ... excuse me mr. willington , sorry for disturbing you at this hour . 
 there is a package at the front desk addressed to you marked urgent . 
 i thought you would want to know . '' 
 `` who is it from ? '' 
 `` i do n't know sir . 
 there is no return address or anything indicating who it is from . 
 you will need to signed for it sir . '' 
 `` alright , i 'll be right down . '' 
 i got dressed and stuck the artifact under my coat in the small of my back , like someone might do when carrying a concealed pistol , then headed to the lobby . 
 while in the elevator , i began thinking about the series of incredible events that occurred over these past couple of days . 
 what happened at the gate of the gods ? 
 are the scrolls a warning ? 
 how is the galactic alignment related ? 
 there was no armageddon or significant world event when the mayan calendar ended on december 21 , 2012 . 
 what does it all mean ? 
 `` lots of questions and no answers , '' i muttered , watching the elevator numbers count down to the lobby . 
 gaining an understanding of what the etched symbols on the artifact meant dwarfed all my other concerns . 
 until that mystery was solved , nothing else would make any sense . 
 the front desk clerk recognized me from checking in earlier . 
 `` mr. willington , please accept my apology again for placing a call to your room so late . '' 
 `` no problem , '' i said . 
 there was not much time before having to get up for my flight , so i was n't overly concerned about offending the clerk . 
 my mouth may have said no problem , but my mind was saying : get on with it lady . 
 `` please sign here sir . '' 
 i signed a form and the clerk handed me a small package . 
 it was one of those mailer envelopes with an inside layer of bubble wrap . 
 everyone says they hate hearing bubble wrap being popped , but everyone still does it , so in keeping with tradition i popped a couple bubbles myself . 
 the clerk looked up and smiled . 
 `` sorry , i could n't resist , '' i said , smiling back at the clerk . 
 `` it 's been a long day . '' 
 inside the envelop was a small quarter sized stone attached to a silver necklace . 
 for a second i thought the stone glowed and felt a slight static shock . 
 `` what in the world is this ? '' 
 i asked , again gaining the clerks attention . 
 `` is everything alright sir ? '' 
 `` are you sure that you did n't see who left this for me ? '' 
 `` i am sure sir , it just appeared on the counter top while i was keying information into my computer . 
 one moment the counter was clear , the next your package was on it . '' 
 `` okay , thank you . '' 
 i held the necklace in my hand as i rode the elevator up to my room . 
 it was intricately designed with a silver clasp on top of a deep blue stone and that six thin silver strips wrapped around it . 
 both the silver and stone looked high quality and there were strange markings on them . 
 maybe it 's more than a trinket . 
 nah , someone must be playing a gag on me , perhaps jackie my lab assistant ... but she does n't even know i 'm in las vegas . 
 after entering my room , i placed the artifact back in my backpack next to the nightstand and continued admiring the craftsmanship of the necklace . 
 whoever owned the necklace will be looking for it early tomorrow after realizing the package was addressed to me in error . 
 right now , finely crafted jewelry was not on the top of my list of things to be concerned about . 
 i placed the necklace on the nightstand next to my watch and was ready to call it a night -- again . 
 a do not disturb button on the phone caught my attention . 
 i thought about pressing the button so no additional calls could come through , but that would also prevent my wakeup call , so i left it alone . 
 after a good yawn , i decided everything could wait until tomorrow morning and resumed what i hoped would be a comfortable uninterrupted rest under warm bed sheets . 
 i reached over the bedside again , feeling into my unzipped backpack to reassure myself the artifact was still there . 
 yup , all is good , and seconds later , knock , knock , knock . 
 someone was at the door . 
 `` you 've got to be kidding , '' i said while thrashing my arms and legs , which tossed the sheet and blanket onto the floor . 
 i got up and peeked through the tiny glass hole on the door and saw a man standing on the other side . 
 it looked like the magician from the show . 
 `` you got the wrong room buddy , '' i said . 
 the man lifted his eyes up as though he could see me through the other side of the peep hole , which startled me and i instinctively stepped back . 
 `` sir , i need to speak with you about the amulet you picked up at the front desk . '' 
 `` amulet ... ah , the necklace . 
 yea , okay . 
 hold on and i 'll get it . '' 
 i put my pants on and picked up the amulet thinking again that i saw it glow a little . 
 i opened the door and there was no one there . 
 must be sleep depravation . 
 i closed the door and double locked it . 
 when i turned around , i saw the magician sitting in the chair facing the door . 
 `` what the hell ... how did you do that ? '' 
 i asked , pointing to the door . 
 `` my name is kyiel . 
 i am here to assist you in your journey of recognition , '' he said . 
 `` recognition ? 
 look pal , i do n't know what you 're selling , but i 'm not buying . 
 i also make it my policy to steer away from lunatics , especially those who break into my hotel room trying to sell me some motivation program , or whatever it is you 're selling . '' 
 granted , this guy has some talent on stage , not to mention accessing electronic door locks , but he must have a screw or two loose in his head . 
 i turned and opened the room door . 
 `` now , get the heck out of my room , '' i said and turned pointing to the hallway . 
 when i turned back around to where the guy was sitting , he was gone -- again . 
 i mean poof , no where to be seen gone . 
 i must be dreaming . 
 i slapped myself thinking it would wake me up if i was dreaming . 
 `` ouch ... not a dream , '' i muttered . 
 `` maybe i 'm hallucinating . '' 
 my room was small with nowhere to hide , except maybe under the bed , which is the first place i checked . 
 nope , no one there ... thank goodness , that would have been beyond freaky strange . 
 i checked the window , which was not really necessary because my room was on the 13th floor with no fire escape , but was n't taking any chances . 
 i scratched my head and thought a hallucination was the only rational explanation . 
 i heard the guy 's voice again and jumped tangling myself in the window blind pull cord . 
 the guy was not in sight and i could not determine where his voice was coming from . 
 it sounded like someone was speaking in a tunnel with an echo . 
 `` azul , you must keep the amulet with you at all times , '' the voice said . 
 `` wear it always . 
 only the amulet can protect you during recognition . '' 
 `` where the hell are you ? '' 
 `` they know you have returned azul and will try to destroy you , '' the voice warned . 
 `` who the heck is azul ? 
 oh , i get it . 
 this is one of those hidden videos pranks , right ? 
 am i on television ? '' 
 there was no response . 
 i stood still for a moment in silence thinking that jolt i got at the gate of the gods did some neurological damage . 
 first thing to do back in boston is see a doctor . 
 my heart was pounding and adrenalin raced through my system as though i drank a pot of coffee . 
 i checked the room again , even under the bed , and found no one anywhere in the room . 
 what did this guy call himself ? 
 kyle , cal ? 
 no , it was kyiel . 
 i thought his name was jules . 
 i was still holding the necklace in my hand and expected to see something weird happen , like more glowing , but it appeared completely normal . 
 not surprisingly , i felt the urge to get as far away from my hotel room as possible , so i grabbed my backpack and rode the elevator down to the lobby . 
 i tried to convince myself along the way i imagined the whole thing , or maybe i was sleep walking . 
 `` right , just my imagination getting the better of me , '' i muttered sarcastically . 
 `` okay then , it must be a gag . '' 
 i exited the elevator and walked over to the front desk where a man was now working . 
 `` can i help you sir ? '' 
 `` i hope so . 
 there was a stranger was in my room . '' 
 the clerk frowned . 
 `` a man was in your room sir ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 he called himself kyiel , but it was that jules guy from the magic act in your show earlier this evening . 
 his stage name was jules the elementalist . '' 
 the man raised his eyebrows . 
 `` a magic act ? . 
 i 'm afraid you must be mistaken sir . 
 we have not had any magic acts here at the sierra for sometime now , at least a year or two . '' 
 `` no , i 'm afraid you 're the one who is mistaken . 
 i saw his act from the front row during intermission . 
 he was introduced as jules the elementalist and did floating sheets with unicorns and stuff . '' 
 just then i realized how crazy i sounded . 
 the clerk cleared his throat and blinked several times . 
 `` you say this person was in your room and calls himself kyiel ? '' 
 `` that 's exactly what i 'm saying . 
 he was in my room a few minutes ago . '' 
 `` in room 1301 ? 
 uninvited ? '' 
 `` yes and yes , '' i answered , irritated with the line of questioning . 
 the clerk looked at me like i was at a dui stop with empty beer cans rolling around the backseat of my car . 
 `` please wait a moment sir while i check , '' he said , then keyed something into his computer . 
 `` i 'm sorry sir , we have no guests or anyone registered at the hotel named kyiel or jules . 
 perhaps you are mistaken . '' 
 i gritted my teeth . 
 `` i am not mistaken and i am not crazy . 
 a guy broke into my room . 
 it was the same guy doing all that hocus pocus crap in your show tonight . '' 
 the clerk frowned again . 
 `` should i call for hotel security sir ? '' 
 `` no , that wo n't be necessary . '' 
 the last thing i needed now was for more people thinking i was a crackpot . 
 it would be better to let the clerk believe i had too much to drink . 
 `` do you have any other rooms available ? '' 
 `` no sir , we are fully booked . '' 
 i shook my head and went back to my room . 
 if i was n't hallucinating and do n't have brain damage , that means i have a ghost or freaky magician stalking me . 
 i was a bit jittery and dropped the electronic card key trying to open my room door . 
 once inside , i again looked in the closet , bathroom , and of course under the bed . 
 no spooky guy was found . 
 i double locked the hotel door and peeked outside the peep hole to the hallway . 
 no one was there . 
 get a grip . 
 there are no such things as ghosts . 
 maybe a freaky magician stalker , but not a ghost . 
 this time i kept a light on and held the artifact in my hand . 
 i figured the solid artifact would knock kyiel 's teeth out should he return . 
 using an artifact as a weapon was , of course , a last resort . 
 i 'd hate to break something this old , especially if swinging at hallucinations and hit a wall . 
 my eyes remained wide open for about an hour , but i finally did fall asleep and began dreaming . 
 at first my dream was disjointed as usual . 
 you know , one moment walking down a street , the next sitting on a mountain top watching eagles fly by . 
 it was n't long before my dream got strange when everything went black . 
 i could hear myself breathing , but saw nothing . 
 a light began to emerge with clouds passing all around me . 
 it became brighter , like mid-day , and i realized i was flying through clouds at an increasing speed . 
 all i could see were clouds , then i heard a loud crack of what sounded like thunder followed by blinding light . 
 i found myself standing in ... well ... nowhere . 
 there were no doors , windows , clouds , or anything that looked real , just white all around me . 
 i could move around , and i saw my hands and feet , but there was no place to move to . 
 everything was the same white nothing . 
 i heard something from behind , and when i turned around , there was kyiel wearing the same emotionless expression and dressed in a white suit . 
 `` you again . 
 first you break into my room and now you 're in my dreams . 
 how about cutting me a little slack here pal and let me go back to flying in clouds and sitting on mountain tops . '' 
 `` azul , i am binded to you and am your guide . 
 i will assist you during recognition . '' 
 `` really ? 
 you 're my guide ? 
 let 's start with telling me why you call me azul . '' 
 `` that is your name . '' 
 `` okay , i 'll play along . 
 i 'm all ears pal . 
 fill me in on why you think you need to guide me anywhere , and then get the heck out of my dream . '' 
 kyiel told me his body perished after a battle on a planet called zeshtune and that his conscious mind has since been compelled to assist me until the end of days . 
 as he spoke , the whiteness around us began to take form and dark clouds with lightening filled the sky above with mountain ranges below . 
 we drifted to a large plateau where two men were finishing their ascent up a mountain path . 
 one of the men was kyiel , who looked very much the same as he did now , except for being dressed in a white robe draped with a blue sash . 
 the other man appeared much older with long white hair waving in the wind . 
 he wore the same garment and held a staff in his right hand . 
 as we got close enough to see details , i noticed both men had blue eyes that glowed with an unnatural brilliance . 
 kyiel was a few steps behind the older man when he stopped and called out to him . 
 `` azul ... i can go no further . 
 i am sorry , but i can not join you in this battle . '' 
 the other man turned to face kyiel . 
 `` you must not do this kyiel . 
 you will suffer tremendous consequences if you fail to join in battle . 
 you know this and must not make the wrong choice when our people need us most . '' 
 `` it is a choice already made azul . 
 you have sensed this and know it to be true . '' 
 at that moment a dragon carrying a rider dressed in black and red robes swooped down from the sky toward azul . 
 the rider lifted a large sword over his head poised to strike , and as the sword swung down , azul turned and blocked the blow with his staff . 
 an ear piercing crack of thunder sounded and sparks flew into the air when the staff and sword met , knocking azul off his feet . 
 he pointed his staff at the dragon and shouted , `` aknor stellara . '' 
 lightening fell from the sky onto the top of azul 's staff and he shouted , `` aktum , '' which redirected the lightening toward the rider and encompassed him and the dragon in bright blue-white light . 
 the dragon roared in pain , drowning out any sound its rider made , and both exploded in a flash creating smoke trails that fell to the ground . 
 azul turned back to kyiel , but he was gone . 
 he shouted out kyiel 's name while moving closer to the cliff 's edge where they had ascended . 
 there was no response nor any sign of kyiel as wind whipped furiously in the air and thunder and lightening grew louder in the sky . 
 azul called out again to kyiel , but there was still no response nor was his companion anywhere to be seen . 
 azul frowned , then he turned to face the battle waging at the center of the plateau . 
 his face stiffened and he charged into hordes of monsters of all sorts . 
 as he ran , azul rotated his staff in circles above his head while shouting words to difficult to distinguish over the battle cries and roaring wind . 
 bright blue-white lights flowed out of his staff and cut through the monsters , turning them to flames and ashes . 
 the images then faded and i was back in the white place feeling a little motion sickness . 
 `` you were right about the consequences of my decision , '' kyiel said . 
 `` i was ? 
 are you saying the old guy shooting those bolts of lightening out from his staff was me ? '' 
 `` that is correct azul . '' 
 kyiel explained how he no longer had any concept of free will and was compelled to serve me because of his decision on the zeshtune battle field . 
 `` i stood with others who watched the battle , choosing neither side , and have remained a construct without physical form even since . 
 i have served you azul during many recognitions over millenniums and will continue to do so until the end of days . '' 
 `` let me get this straight . 
 you have served me for millenniums , like in one-thousand year millenniums , and you say this recognition thing has happened before ? '' 
 `` that is correct . 
 the battle on zeshtune occurred long ago . 
 this in one of thousands of recognitions you have completed in years past . 
 your last recognition occurred 25,000 years ago . '' 
 i raised my eyebrows in disbelief . 
 `` so you 're saying we are thousands of years old ? '' 
 `` we are among many who have existed over eons of time . '' 
 `` really pal ? 
 i 'm only 32 years old , so if i 'm so old , where have i been all this time ? '' 
 `` you last lived on this planet for nearly 600 years during your last construct . '' 
 `` construct ... what is that ? '' 
 `` it is the coalescence of universal elements that give you physical form . 
 in between recognitions , you possess no physical form and your conscious mind sleeps in your amulet . 
 the form you have now was constructed 20 years ago . 
 you began aging at 12 years in age , which is why you have no memories of your existence prior to that age . '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` well then , since we have some sort of magical power , perhaps you would n't mind conjuring up a burger and fries ? 
 after all , this is some kind of crazy dream , so why not get us some fast food so i can enjoy the ride ? '' 
 apparently , my dream pal kyiel was not familiar with sarcasm because he did n't even smile . 
 kyiel then told me that the process of recognition would take time due to the limited capacity of human like brains , even it was a construct . 
 he also told me i would not be able to master the full knowledge that i once had in my original form . 
 `` you will become more aware of who you are and what your purpose is with each passing day , '' he said . 
 `` in time , you will reacquire more of your ability to protect yourself , mankind , and zeshtunians on this plain of existence . 
 the amulet that you carry was made by you on zeshtune and carries great power . 
 you must keep it with you always to protect you through recognition and thereafter . '' 
 `` wait a minute . 
 are you saying that there are others like us ? 
 `` there are many , but none possess your ability and knowledge . 
 while you are powerful azul , always remember that your physical form can still be destroyed . 
 should this happen , the inhabitants of this world will fall to the darkzon . '' 
 things went black and i was then surfing in hawaii . 
 one minute i 'm fighting dragons , the next i 'm shooting the waves off maui -- go figure . 
 maybe next time i might fight sea serpents while surfing and drinking a margarita . 
 i was beginning to enjoy this crazy dream , until the phone rang . 
 `` good morning sir . 
 it is 5:00 am . 
 as instructed , we will have hotel transportation waiting to take you to the airport in one hour . '' 
 i thanked the clerk for the wakeup call and stared at the ceiling thinking about my crazy dream . 
 normally , i do n't recall many details of my dreams . 
 the dream i had last night was fresh in my mind . 
 in fact , i could recall every detail and it seemed very real . 
 chapter 5 honestly , if anyone had magical powers , they 'd hit all the casinos and drain them dry at the poker tables . 
 okay , i probably would n't , but it 's a tempting thought and made me smile as i envisioned myself rolling in plies of money . 
 i picked up the amulet from the nightstand and stared at it . 
 if this amulet is authentic and as old as my dream pal kyiel says , i 'll be a wealthy man if no one claims it . 
 i 've seen many fakes in my time and this thing looked brand new and real . 
 after a good stretch , i got out of bed and took my backpack , artifact , and amulet with me to the bathroom . 
 arms reach , i reminded myself , then hung the amulet on the bathroom door hook and placed the artifact inside my backpack on the floor . 
 i was in my shower for only a couple of minutes when i heard what sounded like my hotel room door closing . 
 i turned off the water to hear better , but it was quiet . 
 `` hello , is anyone there ? '' 
 there was no response . 
 i looked out from behind the shower curtain and saw the amulet glowing on the door hook . 
 i rubbed my eyes , thinking i was seeing things , and when i looked again , the amulet had stopped glowing . 
 i wrapped a towel around my waist and opened the bathroom door and saw my bed mattress overturned , draws pulled out , and other things tossed around . 
 how could anyone get in with the door latched from inside , and what were they looking for ? 
 enough , i 'm getting the heck out of this place . 
 i got dressed , gathered my things , and exited the room to checkout . 
 about twenty feet down the hallway , i suddenly felt nauseous , so i went back to my room , kneeled on the bathroom floor with my face hugging the toilet ready to ... wait ... the nausea stopped . 
 i splashed some water on my face and then noticed the amulet 's reflection in the mirror -- it was glowing brightly , but dimmed when i turned to look at it . 
 i had accidentally left the amulet behind when i bolted out of the room . 
 it did glow . 
 i was n't seeing things and am not going crazy . 
 i placed the amulet in my pant pocket and again left the room , hopefully for the last time . 
 i did n't mention the condition of the room when checking out because of my complaint last night . 
 if they did n't already think i was crazy last night , they certainly would now if i told them someone broke into my room again while the door was securely locked . 
 hopefully , i would not get billed for anything since the room was only messy and not damaged . 
 `` thank you for your stay with us at the sierra mr. willington . 
 your limo is waiting out front sir , '' the clerk said . 
 i nodded and returned her smile thinking to myself this place would never see me again . 
 i 'm not superstitious , but things were a bit too spooky for me at the sierra . 
 `` what happened in las vegas , better very well stay in las vegas , '' i muttered , then exited the hotel where a long stretch limo was waiting . 
 alright , things are looking up . 
 as i approached the limo , i heard a voice call out from several cabs behind . 
 `` mr. willington , over here sir . '' 
 i should have known the sweet ride was n't for me -- too good to be true . 
 the driver of the cab was an attractive young lady , shoulder length chestnut colored hair , average height of about 5 ' 7 '' , and wearing black dress pants and navy blue jacket . 
 as i got closer , i saw she had the same brilliant blue eyes as my dream pal kyiel . 
 on second thought , the cab is not such a bad idea because the limo driver looked like he overdosed on steroids and belonged to the russian mob . 
 in any case , having a pretty driver with a great smile would do just fine . 
 `` how are you today sir ? '' 
 the driver asked . 
 `` i 'm okay i guess , thanks . '' 
 i sat down in the back and she closed the door . 
 when i looked out of the window i noticed someone wearing a hooded robe , like one of those monks wear in medieval movies . 
 the robe was a dark grayish color and covered the face , hands , and feet of whoever was wearing it . 
 the monkish character was just standing there staring at the cab and no one seemed to notice . 
 maybe he 's an entertainer for one of the shows . 
 `` just a few moments longer sir , the traffic lane is moving along now . '' 
 `` excuse me driver . 
 is that person standing next to the front entrance actually a monk or part of a show ? '' 
 `` who are you referring to sir ? 
 `` that guy over there , '' i said , pointing to the entrance , and when i turned back to look , the monk was gone . 
 `` never mind , whoever it was , he or she must have went inside the hotel . '' 
 `` how long will it take to get to the airport ? 
 `` about 30 minutes . 
 do n't worry sir , i promise you will get to your destination on time . '' 
 i could only see desert in any direction after riding in the cab for 10-minutes and began to think i 'd be late for boarding my plane . 
 `` are you sure this is the way to the airport ? '' 
 the driver looked at me from the rear view mirror and then took a sharp turn onto a dusty dirt road causing me to bang my head against the window . 
 `` hey , what are you doing driver ? '' 
 a moment later she stopped the cab suddenly and i lunged forward banging my head again , this time on the on the front seat . 
 `` damn it driver . 
 if you do that again , you 'll be taking me to the hospital instead of the airport . '' 
 almost as fast as i said this , i realized how stupid it was making threats to a stranger in the middle of a desert . 
 okay , do n't say anything more to tick off the crazy cabby . 
 i rubbed my head and the driver turned and looked at me . 
 `` azul , we knew you returned when you unlocked the gate of the gods . 
 kyiel and i have been sent to help you during your recognition . '' 
 `` what did you say ? 
 do you mean the same nonsense in my dream with the magic guy ? 
 and how do know about the gate of the gods ? '' 
 `` it was n't a dream azul . 
 everything you experienced last night was real . '' 
 `` look lady , the police do n't take kindly to kidnapping . 
 i 'm a university professor and have friends who are expecting me . '' 
 `` are you sure professor ? 
 i 'm afraid that part of your life is over now and there is no one waiting for you . 
 you must not contact anyone you have known prior to this moment . '' 
 `` the heck you say , '' i said and took my phone out of my pocket to call the university . 
 the driver turned and faced forward while watching me from the mirror . 
 seconds later , an automated machine answered my call . 
 `` good morning , thank you calling the harvard cambridge campus . 
 if you know your party 's extension , please enter it now , or stay on the line for someone to assist you . '' 
 i keyed in my office extension and was very happy to hear a familiar voice . 
 `` hello , this is jackie swanson . 
 how may i help you ? '' 
 `` thank goodness . 
 jackie , it 's great to hear your voice . '' 
 `` who 's calling please ? 
 `` jackie , it 's me , professor willington , '' i said , followed by a long pause . 
 `` jackie , are you there ? '' 
 `` is this some sort of cruel joke ? 
 what kind of sick creep would do this ? '' 
 `` do what ? '' 
 `` listen up creep . 
 professor willington died this morning on a flight out of las vegas and only a sicko would pretend to be him . '' 
 `` what ? 
 no , jackie it 's me . 
 i 'm still in vegas and have n't even got to the airport yet . '' 
 `` do n't call back again creep or i 'll contact the police , '' she said and hung up the phone . 
 i looked up at the cab driver who was still watching me from the rear view mirror . 
 she arched an eyebrow like someone does when saying or thinking that they told you so . 
 i frowned and narrowed my eyes in response . 
 `` what 's going on here ? '' 
 `` why do n't you check the news professor ? '' 
 `` the news ? 
 what for ? '' 
 `` just check it , '' she said . 
 i accessed the boston globe online from my phone and the front page had a picture of me with a headline announcing : ` promising young professor willington from harvard dies in plane crash ' . '' 
 my mouth dropped open . 
 `` that 's impossible . 
 we just left the hotel not more than 10 minutes ago . 
 my plane has n't even begun boarding people yet , not to mention i am right here and very much alive . '' 
 i looked at my watch which should have shown 7:10 am or so , but it was 5:10 pm . 
 ten hours had passed since i left the hotel . 
 that 's just not possible . 
 the driver turned around again and looked at me with a smirk . 
 `` the funny thing about time is how relevant it is . 
 is n't this what your einstein said ? 
 by the way , my name is alura and i 'm here to help you , '' she said and then muttered something i could n't hear . 
 wind began to swirl around the cab like a tornado . 
 i looked outside and saw blue-white light all around the cab as it lifted off the ground into the air . 
 seconds later the cab landed back on the ground and the wind and lights disappeared . 
 when i looked out the window , there was no desert . 
 i was now on a mountain plateau covered with snow . 
 the driver exited the cab and opened my door . 
 `` come on azul . 
 all your questions will be answered soon . '' 
 i must still be dreaming . 
 there 's no other explanation . 
 yea , this is all part of the same crazy dream and i 'm still sleeping in the hotel bed . 
 i smiled . 
 `` you 're part of my dream , are n't you ? 
 alura did n't respond , but extended her arm out to suggest that i exit the cab . 
 i stepped out , reluctantly , and followed her to a narrow pathway with walls of granite rising at least fifty feet into the sky . 
 the pathway led to a solid wall of granite about five feet wide and about 100 feet long . 
 alura looked at me over her shoulder and said , `` follow me '' , then she vanished through the wall . 
 okay , now i 'm certain this is a dream . 
 i heard alura speak from what sounded like inside the granite wall . 
 `` come on azul , do n't waste time , '' she said , then her hand came out of the wall , grabbed my shirt collar , and yanked me through the wall into a large opening on the other side . 
 dream or not , i was beginning to hyperventilate and felt like everything i ate the last 24 hours was about to exit my body . 
 i looked over my shoulder and the granite wall i was pulled through was still there . 
 `` relax , you 're among friends , '' she said and walked up stairs leading to another wall . 
 this wall one was much bigger and had two gigantic columns holding up a monolith slab . 
 after climbing fifty or more stairs , alura stopped and i noticed she also had a glowing amulet , but hers was on a ring instead of a necklace . 
 alura grinned at me and said , `` entrunezum keob , '' and the wall got fuzzy and then vanished revealing a large chamber . 
 she then walked through the opening , and this time i followed her without being asked -- but i did close my eyes . 
 the chamber was circular , about 50 feet across , and the ceiling was at least several hundred feet high . 
 at the center of the ceiling was a bright light that created a spotlight effect on the floor of the chamber . 
 sitting at a half circle shaped stone table were four men and three women . 
 there were also three empty seats to the left and two to the right of the last seated figures . 
 all of them had white hair at or below shoulder length , some pulled back in pony tails , others falling straight down . 
 the men also had white beards of varied lengths and they all had the same brilliant blue eyes as alura and kyiel . 
 the man sitting at the center smiled and greeted me . 
 `` welcome azul . 
 we have been waiting for your return , '' the man said , then he looked at my crazy cabby . 
 `` kysna almat alura . '' 
 `` grasna micha '' alura said , then she bowed and moved off to the side into shadows as micha spoke again . 
 `` the amulet you have in the small pouch of your garment must be kept with you always . '' 
 `` small pouch ... oh , you mean my pocket , '' i said , trying to appear confident and unafraid . 
 `` can someone please tell me what 's really going on ? '' 
 micha pointed to a similar amulet he was wearing around his neck and i noticed everyone sitting with him also had an amulet . 
 `` put your amulet on now azul , '' micha said . 
 `` do not be afraid . 
 you are among friends here . '' 
 i took the amulet from my pocket and placed it around my neck expecting a shock or something worse , but nothing happened . 
 okay , i 'm still alive . 
 `` you must unlock the amulet by speaking the words used when it was first made , '' micha said . 
 `` what words might those be ? '' 
 `` only you know the words azul . 
 you made the amulet long ago and only you can unlock its power . '' 
 `` sorry , but i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
 i think this is all some of a big mistake . 
 i 'm not azul . '' 
 micha joined hands with his companions and they closed their eyes . 
 i began hearing their voices in my head chanting something , but i could not understand the words . 
 my amulet began to glow blue-white and everything in the room darkened . 
 i felt as if i was alone and became very relaxed , then heard a new voice begin to take over the chanting . 
 it was faint at first , but as it got louder i began to hear some of the words ... icea ... isha , no it was ichsna . 
 i began to slowly distinguish other words flashing in my mind , and after a number of mispronunciations , i involuntarily shouted aloud , `` icksna , polaratoo , amulatay . '' 
 the room lit up again and the seven figures were smiling as blue-white streams of light encompassed me . 
 at first , the light traveled across my chest to my arms , then to my legs , neck , face , and head . 
 i closed my eyes again as chills covered me from head to toe . 
 in my mind i saw the same old man 's face from my vision of the battle on zeshtune with kyiel . 
 he appeared to be looking at me and spoke . 
 `` azul , do not be afraid . 
 we are the same you and i , and now exist on the earth plane once again . 
 there is much to do and no time to doubt who you are or why you 're here . 
 listen to the elders of the zeshtune council . 
 your sister alura will help you , as will your friend kyiel . 
 do n't despair and remain strong for the task at hand . 
 time is short azul , and the enemy is coming . '' 
 the image disappeared , and when i opened my eyes , no one was sitting at the stone table . 
 alura came out of the shadows and stood in front of me . 
 `` you 're my sister ? '' 
 alura smiled and tears filled her eyes . 
 `` dear brother , i waited so long for your return . '' 
 i smiled and felt a quiet peace come over me while alura embraced me , squeezing tightly . 
 `` welcome back azul , '' she said . 
 `` welcome back to keob . '' 
 alura led me out of the chamber into another room . 
 it looked modern with earth tone colored walls , hardwood flooring , leather furniture , and a large kitchen . 
 `` this is our home at keob . 
 it is also our safe place , especially while you continue recognition . '' 
 `` not bad , not bad at all . 
 sure beats my place back in boston by a long shot , '' i said and alura laughed . 
 there was a hot dinner prepared in various sized dishes neatly arranged on the kitchen table . 
 i took a deep breath to take in the sweet aroma . 
 `` something smells really good , '' i said , still not sure i was n't dreaming , but slowly coming around in understanding all this was real . 
 `` sarila 's assistant made us dinner . 
 she is somewhat of a culinary master , which comes in quite handy around here . '' 
 `` i bet it does . 
 did she use magic to make all this ? '' 
 `` no , magic was not used . '' 
 alura explained how magic must not be used for personal gain . 
 doing so creates some kind of bad mojo that weakens a wizard 's ability . 
 she told me wizards could do almost anything to help another person , even whip up nutritional meals if needed , but never for personal satisfaction or vanity . 
 the only exception is if a situation presented itself jeopardizing a wizard 's life . 
 `` so , you 're telling me that i 'm a wizard ? '' 
 `` yes , a very powerful one . '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` like merlin in the king arthur story ? '' 
 i said , thinking she was kidding me . 
 alura laughed . 
 `` yes , but you are a real wizard with extraordinary magical power . '' 
 i scratched my head . 
 `` are you sure you have the right guy ? 
 i ca n't even conjure up a microwave pizza . '' 
 `` oh , you can do a whole lot more than simple things like that . '' 
 `` this is a lot to take in alura . 
 i mean , a few hours ago i was a professor and now you 're telling me i 'm an all powerful wizard . 
 it 's the same kind of crazy stuff that kyiel told me , but up to now , i thought i was dreaming . '' 
 `` it 's all very real azul . 
 you are my brother and a powerful zeshtune wizard . '' 
 `` let me see if i got this magic stuff right . 
 i ca n't conjure up a pizza and six-pack while watching a movie , but if i 'm about to take my last breath in a hot desert , magically created water is okay ? '' 
 `` that 's right , you got it . 
 there are other rules we 'll discuss later , including rule number one . '' 
 `` rule number one ? 
 what might that be ? '' 
 alura poked her finger in my chest . 
 `` a wizard may never ever use magic to harm any human or other living beings . 
 this is rule number one azul and there are only two exceptions . 
 the first one is that creatures of the dark are not protected by zeshtune laws because they kill humans and beings of light . 
 also , if you have no other choice to preserve a human life , magic can be used to take a life , but there must be no alternative . '' 
 alura sat down at the table to eat and i joined her . 
 she then began to explain how the sole purpose of a wizard 's magic was to preserve and protect life . 
 destroying dark creatures are an exception because their sole purpose is to destroy life . 
 `` in short , killing bad guys saves good guys , '' she said . 
 `` what exactly happens to a wizard if he takes a life that is not dark ? '' 
 `` taking a human life , or any being of light , would cause all other wizards to have visions of the act . 
 eventfully , they would find and destroy the wizard responsible in order to restore balance in the magic continuum . 
 only the zeshtune council would be able to intervene , which is unlikely . 
 so big brother , unless you have no other choice and can prove it was absolutely necessary , never cause harm to any thing good . '' 
 alura and i finished our dinner and she excused herself to meet with someone named sarila , who was the person responsible for all this tasty food . 
 `` you clean things up brother . 
 next time will be my turn . 
 right now i have to catch up on things , but i 'll be back later . '' 
 i washed the dishes and placed them in a cupboard while trying to recall things about my past . 
 there were fragments of thoughts all jumbled up like when you almost remember a name or place but ca n't . 
 after i put the last plate away , i stretched out on the leather couch to relax and recount the events that have turned my life upside down . 
 a few hours ago i was a professor , now i 'm supposed to believe that i 'm some sort of ancient wizard . 
 it 's hard to explain , but it felt good having a sister and an important purpose in my life . 
 it actually feels very real and no longer like some mind melting hallucination . 
 i soon fell into a deep sleep and for the first time in days felt refreshed and energetic when i woke . 
 i was still alone , which provided me a good chance to explore my new home starting with the refrigerator . 
 a big smile covered my face upon seeing turkey , chicken , roast beef , and ... i blinked my eyes to be sure i was n't dreaming ... there were several six packs of my favorite domestic beer . 
 fantastic , i thought as my eyes widened . 
 even though i had eaten a few hours ago , my stomach was making noise telling me to eat more . 
 i loaded up a plate with various meats and grabbed a can of beer . 
 ahhh . . 
 life is good . 
 on the table in front of me was a note with the name azul written of the folded half . 
 i unfolded it and saw two words . 
 `` what the heck does ` aptier kyiel ' mean ? '' 
 no sooner than i said those two words , kyiel appeared sitting on the couch in front of me , which startled me enough to cause minor choking on my food and dropping a beer . 
 `` crap ... what the heck are you doing here ? '' 
 i asked him , jumping to my feet and wiping spilled beer off my pants . 
 `` are you going to keep popping in without warning ? '' 
 `` you summoned me , '' kyiel replied . 
 `` i summoned you ? 
 how did i do that ? 
 you mean speaking those words written on that paper called you here ? '' 
 `` yes , i am compelled to answer your summon . '' 
 i scratched my head again , which i seemed to be doing a lot today . 
 just when i was thinking things could n't get weirder , it does . 
 chapter 6 alura must have returned while i was sleeping and placed the note on the table . 
 funny girl ... she knew that kyiel popping out of nowhere would scare the crap out of me . 
 `` let me make sure i got this right . 
 what you 're telling me is that i can summon you anytime when i say aptier kyiel ? '' 
 `` yes , that is correct . '' 
 `` what do i say to get rid of you ? '' 
 `` you simply dismiss me . '' 
 `` who came up with this idea ? '' 
 `` you created the summon spell to preserve your privacy and maintain my counsel , '' kyiel said . 
 `` only you can use these words . 
 it will not work for anyone else because the spell is unique to your will and power and not germane to any language or other being . '' 
 pretty cool . 
 this should prove to be handy from time to time , especially with all the questions i have . 
 `` alright kyiel , grab some grub and a beer . 
 i have a thousand questions to ask you , '' i said and drank some more beer , but kyiel sat motionless on the couch staring at me . 
 `` hey , do n't you know it 's rude to watch someone eat , especially after being offered their hospitality ? 
 what 's wrong , are you a vegetarian or something ? '' 
 `` no azul , i am not a being of flesh and do not require sustenance . '' 
 i stopped chewing and raised my eyebrows . 
 `` really ? 
 what exactly are you ? '' 
 `` i am not a corporeal being and have no physical form . 
 i am imprisoned in a limited state of existence on this plane to serve you . 
 think of me as a collection of molecules arranged in a way to make sense while in the presence of physical beings . '' 
 i took another sip of beer emptying the can and thought kyiel was pulling my leg . 
 `` you 're a collection of molecules and not solid ? 
 seriously ? '' 
 `` not solid in the sense a corporal being thinks of such things , but i am real just the same . '' 
 i got off of my chair and walked closer to kyiel . 
 his eyes followed me as i looked closely at his face , only a few inches away . 
 `` you certainly look solid to me . '' 
 `` you are thinking you should be able to pass your hand through me if i am not solid , '' kyiel said . 
 `` proceed . '' 
 i narrowed my eyes and moved my hand slowly through his head . 
 swirls of light moved out like air displacing smoke and then reformed back to the shape of his head . 
 i returned to my chair and quietly stared at kyiel for a minute . 
 `` what exactly did you do to deserve this state of existence ? 
 i know the short of it , that something happened at this place you call zeshtune , but what exactly did you do ? '' 
 `` zeshtune is our homeworld where a great battle once took place . 
 it was where choices were made , sides chosen , destinies created , and punishment administered . 
 dark and light exist throughout the universe , and as with all living beings , zeshtunians have free will to decide for themselves either dark or light . 
 most chose light and battled the dark on zeshtune and have continued doing so through the ages in an eternal struggle of good against evil . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` imprisonment until the end of days seems a bit harsh for getting cold feet during a battle if you ask me . '' 
 `` you choose light azul , as did alura and countless others , but i chose neither light nor darkness . 
 i stood by watching the great battle on zeshtune unfold and was indifferent to any outcome . 
 the elders and their wizards drove out darkness from zeshtune to the void of empty space . 
 those who stood by were spared from the void , but we were condemned to exist in between light and dark until the end of days . 
 i am one of those condemned . '' 
 i was feeling a little sad for kyiel , realizing the punishment explained his lack of emotion and stone like appearance . 
 `` if those who stood by , sitting of the fence so to speak , were condemned to an existence between light and dark , how is it that you are here right now ? '' 
 `` a few had someone advocate for them to the elders of zeshtune for mercy and a pathway to undo their punishment . 
 you were my advocate and the council agreed to your plea . 
 i and the others who had advocates have been given a chance to overcome their indifference while existing between light and dark . '' 
 `` that 's a tall order , '' i said . 
 `` overcoming any shortfall of character would be a difficult task , if not impossible , without having free will . 
 so , you 're telling me that i have some clout with these elders ? '' 
 `` you are the council of elder 's most honorable colleague and a wizard possessing great power and knowledge . 
 it is because of you that i am here now to serve you . '' 
 `` are you saying i am one of those people i saw in the chamber room ? '' 
 `` yes , you are an elder and came to this world to protect it from the darkzon and all those who exist in darkness . '' 
 `` are you kidding me ? 
 i ca n't even ride a bike without a safety helmet . 
 i am nobody 's hero , believe me . '' 
 `` there is no other who is more capable than you azul . 
 you have saved this world many times from the darkzon and i have been with you for each battle . 
 it will take time for you to realize your destiny and importance in protecting this world . 
 first , you must complete recognition . '' 
 `` who exactly are the darkzon ? '' 
 `` they are beings from another world who harbor great evil towards all beings of light . 
 humans are insignificant to them and only slaves to do their bidding while they are here on earth . '' 
 this was a lot to take in . 
 i asked kyiel to leave so i could think about all he told me . 
 he bowed his head and dissolved into thin air . 
 feeling confused , i did what anyone else would do in my situation . 
 i grabbed another a couple of beers to engage myself in some serious thinking . 
 what the heck did i get myself into ? 
 `` a little overwhelming , is n't it ? '' 
 a voice asked . 
 i looked toward the kitchen and saw alura grinning . 
 she walked over and sat down on the couch and i tossed her a beer . 
 `` overwhelming is putting it mildly . 
 i was beginning to understand who i was back in the day , then kyiel tells me i am one of those spooky people i met earlier in the chamber . 
 if any of this is true , why ca n't i remember ? '' 
 alura reminded me how long full recognition may take before i could recall much of what has been forgotten . 
 she repeated what kyiel had told me about a human like mind being unable to store all my past knowledge , both mentally and physically . 
 my brain had to adjust and rewire itself slowly to accommodate even a fraction of my past knowledge . 
 `` be patient . 
 let 's first start with something simple , '' alura said . 
 `` okay , i 'll try almost anything at this point , but keep in mind the adage : ` the simpler the better ' . '' 
 `` great , that 's the spirit . 
 now , hold out your hand with palm up . '' 
 i did as she asked . 
 alura then focused on her palm and said , `` aknor firster . '' 
 a baseball sized blue-white flame appeared in the center of her palm . 
 she smiled and said , `` firster azul , '' and the flame jumped from her palm to mine . 
 i jerked a little in surprise , but kept my hand extended watching the flame which was neither hot nor cold . 
 sure seems real . 
 `` that 's because it is real , '' alura said . 
 `` what ... does everyone around here read minds ? '' 
 alura laughed . 
 `` you will too in time azul . 
 it 's quite simple really . 
 minds think first and then use words to express thoughts . 
 zeshtunians learn to hear the mind thinking words before speaking them . 
 it is more intuitive than actually hearing words . 
 anyone can do it to some degree , but zeshtunians are much better at it than other races . '' 
 `` i see . 
 so what are we going to do with this flame in my hand ? '' 
 alura smiled . 
 `` try moving it back to my hand . 
 you already know the words in your memory , and you heard me speak them , so it will be easy for to send the flame back to me . '' 
 i looked at the flame and said , `` firster alura , '' and the flame jumped back to alura 's hand . 
 `` see how easy it was . 
 now , create your own flame , '' she said , extending her other hand palm up , and i did the same . 
 `` aknor firster , '' i said and another blue-white flame appeared in my other palm . 
 i then said , `` firster alura , '' and the flame jumped to alura 's hand . 
 alura laughed and said , `` firster numerat , '' and the flames split into ten separate smaller flames resting on each of her fingers , then she said , `` firster azul alura , '' and the flames bounced back and forth to our fingers in a progressive wave . 
 we repeated the game until alura raised her hands up with all ten flames on her fingers and smiled . 
 she then placed her fingers in front of her face and blew them out like a child would on a birthday cake . 
 `` did that really happen ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes , and it was real fire . 
 it 's not hot to our touch , but if focused on a dark being in the right way , it can burn it to ashes . 
 magic that we create can not intentionally hurt us azul , which brings us back to rule number one ... '' `` i know , i know . 
 magic ca n't be used to harm any being of light , especially humans . 
 the only exception is when trying to protect yourself or other beings of light , which even then , will result in being called before the council of elders for trial . '' 
 alura reached over and tapped me on top of my head . 
 `` precisely , well said brother . 
 another thing you must remember azul is the amount of power conjured up depends on how much emotion is behind the spell . 
 you should avoid casting spells when angry because it could have very destructive consequences . 
 a wizard might want to scare away an agent of darkness with a simple fireball , but it could end up destroying an entire building or city block if the spellcaster 's anger is not controlled . '' 
 `` good to know , '' i said . 
 `` this is important azul . 
 you do n't realize it yet , but when you unlocked your amulet in the chamber room , all its power stored for thousands of years rejoined with your human form . 
 it is in you now and will remain there for as long as you live in this form . '' 
 `` okay , i got it . 
 that brings me to another question . 
 kyiel told me we have existed for eons . 
 if that 's true , where were we before coming to earth ? '' 
 `` zeshtunians have continued to place their conscientiousness inside their amulets ever since the great battle on zeshtune and return to physical form as needed . 
 since the great battle , wizards in particular have returned to human form every 25,000 years to battle against the darkzon . 
 before your last sleep , you left clues on earth to lead you back to start your current recognition . '' 
 `` i left clues ? '' 
 `` yes , that is why you chose to be an archeologist . 
 the profession prepared you to find your staff and the gate of the gods . 
 once your staff was placed into the gate of the gods , it announced your return to all zeshtunians . '' 
 alura also told me that i actually built the gate of the gods with the mayans for this specific purpose , which is surprising since i ca n't even build a house of cards . 
 my skillset was restricted primarily to academics . 
 `` so , how long do we actually live in physical form ? '' 
 `` zeshtunian souls are immortal , but being in human form is a fragile state of existence . 
 magic can heal many injuries , and wizards can live in human form for hundreds of years , but these physical forms will eventually die from either old age or battle wounds . 
 when that happens , our conscience mind is stored in our amulets until the next galactic alignment . '' 
 `` this is all very difficult to accept alura . 
 i mean , i feel very human and always believed that people only come around once to earth . '' 
 `` yea , i know how weird this all seems . 
 keep in mind though that your return to earth is not coincidental to the celestial alignment measured by the mayan calendar . 
 you already understand that the calendar announces a new beginning , or cycle , not doomsday . 
 the thing is , life on earth keeps repeating the same cycle galactic cycle every 25,000 years , starting with the powers of light and darkness doing battle . 
 it is our job , especially wizards , to make sure light forces darkness out from the earth . '' 
 `` when does this grand battle begin ? '' 
 `` the time is close upon us and we need to prepare . 
 humans and this planet will become part of the darkzon reign if we fail in our mission , but do n't worry . 
 there is plenty of time to prepare . 
 come on , let 's go outside and practice some magic . '' 
 it was early morning and much warmer than when i first arrived when snow covered the ground . 
 i stretched my hands into the air taking deep breaths and froze still when i saw two moons in the sky . 
 alura looked up to the sky where i was looking . 
 `` beautiful , are n't they ? '' 
 `` i thought we traveled to someplace on earth , such as the himalayan mountains . 
 guess we 're not in kansas anymore , huh dorothy ? '' 
 `` nope , not even close . 
 we 're on keob , a planet revolving around the sun directly opposite to earth and at the same speed . 
 scientists on earth ca n't see keob and are unaware of its existence . '' 
 `` we 're on another planet right next door to earth ? 
 wow , things just keep going from crazy to crazier . '' 
 `` we 're safe here azul . 
 keob has been our home for millenniums and earth is our sister planet under zeshtune protection . 
 come on , it 's time for your lesson . '' 
 alura reached into her pocket and pulled out a ring amulet like the one she was wearing and tossed it to me . 
 i smiled . 
 `` oh , you should n't have . '' 
 alura rolled her eyes . 
 `` it 's your ring azul . 
 you made it when you made mine , millions of years ago . '' 
 i held up the ring looking at the craftsmanship thinking a millions years is a very long time . 
 that may make this the oldest antique in the world , or worlds to be more precise . 
 `` stop glaring at it azul and put it on your right hand middle finger . 
 go on , it wo n't bite you . '' 
 i put the ring on and watched it glow . 
 a tingly sensation flowed through my body , sort of like pins and needles when your foot falls asleep . 
 my attention then drifted back to the two moons above reminding me i traveled to a different planet in a few seconds while sitting in a las vegas cab . 
 alura told me to summon kyiel . 
 i looked back from the moons and said , `` aptier kyiel , '' and he appeared standing a few feet in front of us . 
 `` good morning kyiel , '' i said . 
 `` long time no see . 
 how long has it been anyway ? '' 
 `` azul , you know such things are relative and i do not distinguish between linear expressions of what you call time . 
 however , using earth time as a measurement , you have been on keob for two days . '' 
 `` two days ? 
 how is that possible ? 
 i just got here last night . '' 
 `` keob rotates four times faster than earth , '' kyiel said . 
 `` a full rotation on keob is completed every six hours earth time . 
 `` for every day on earth , four days pass here ? 
 are you serious ? '' 
 `` one can not measure all time from sunrise to sunset . 
 time here and on earth is passing at a different acceleration . '' 
 six of one , half a dozen the other . 
 what 's the difference ? 
 `` so , if i heard you correctly , you 're telling me that in the 12 hours i 've been on keob , two days passed on earth ? '' 
 `` that is correct , '' kyiel said . 
 `` does n't make any sense to me , not to mention defying everything i learn about physics , but you know what ? 
 nothing that has happened to me since arriving in las vegas makes any sense . '' 
 i shook my head like one of those cartoon characters with their cheeks flapping in the wind and alura starting laughing . 
 being on a different planet was more than enough to deal with at the moment , so time and relativity will just have to wait for another day . 
 `` alright then , let 's keep moving along , '' i said , then pointed up to the sky and looked back at kyiel . 
 `` come on kyiel , even you ca n't be a rainy cloud on such a beautiful day . 
 look at the sunrise and those two moons . '' 
 kyiel looked to where the sun was rising and said , `` i suppose so . '' 
 alura laughed again and told me to stop teasing him . 
 `` azul , you know he does not understand these things . 
 even so , he has always been there for you and is a loyal friend . '' 
 `` yea , i suppose you 're right . 
 sorry for teasing you kyiel . '' 
 `` no need to be sorry azul . 
 i have no emotional component in my construct . '' 
 no kidding . 
 if kyiel smiled , i think his face would crack . 
 `` he can learn azul , '' alura said . 
 `` why do you think you advocated for him and he was compelled to serve you ? '' 
 `` he can learn ? 
 exactly how does that work ? '' 
 `` never mind for now . 
 we have to begin your training . '' 
 i looked at kyiel who had his eyes fixed on me as usual . 
 `` well buddy , perhaps one day we 'll share a beer together after all . '' 
 `` perhaps we will azul , '' he replied . 
 the three of us proceeded down the same path where alura and i ascended after she kidnapped me . 
 when we reached the bottom , i saw the same cab she used still sitting exactly where it fell out of the sky . 
 it looked out of place under two moons and would drive any scientist back home nuts if spotted from the hubble telescope . 
 who would ever believe it anyway ? 
 people would chalk it up to a photoshop makeover . 
 that 's certainly what i 'd believe . 
 chapter 7 `` do you remember the words you used to conjure lightning from the sky and destroy the dark rider on zeshtune ? '' 
 alura asked `` yes , it was ` aknor stellara ' . '' 
 `` very good . 
 try summoning lighting with just enough emotion to turn that bush over there into a fireball . 
 `` i looked at the bush alura was pointing to and raised my hand up toward it . 
 my ring amulet glowed , and i then shouted , `` aknor stellara . '' 
 a slight rumble of thunder followed , but nothing happened . 
 alura told me it does not matter how loud i say the words because , without the right emotion behind the words , it was just noise . 
 she raised her ring amulet to the sky and said in a normal voice , `` aknor stellara , '' which instantly created a bolt of lightening that bounced off her ring into the bush causing it to burst into flames . 
 `` show-off , '' i said and frowned a little . 
 `` remind me to never get you mad sister . '' 
 alura smiled . 
 `` yea , that is a good thing to remember brother . '' 
 `` hey , this magic sure beats playing bounce the fire from our fingers , do n't you think ? '' 
 alura grinned . 
 `` i suppose it does . 
 okay , now you try . 
 remember to focus on your emotion in proportion to the size of your target . 
 focus on the bush over there . '' 
 `` okay , here goes . '' 
 i pointed my ring at the bush and said , `` aknor stellara , '' in a more moderate tone . 
 a bolt of lightning raced down from the sky , bounced off my ring to the bush , and instantly turned it into smoldering ashes . 
 `` not bad hotshot , '' alura said . 
 `` yea , it was pretty good , '' i said , feeling strangely comfortable with using magic , certainly more so than what one might have expected . 
 `` indeed , an impressive beginning , '' kyiel said . 
 `` did kyiel just give me a compliment ? 
 kyiel , i do believe you expressed some emotion , albeit without a smile . '' 
 alura laughed and punched me in the shoulder . 
 kyiel just stared at me as if he had no idea what i was talking about . 
 `` come on , the light of day runs short on keob and we have much more to do , '' alura said . 
 `` follow my lead and do what i do . '' 
 alura pointed her ring at a small pool of water about 50 feet away and said , `` hydlama . '' 
 water began to rise swirling up into a cone high in the air . 
 she began making small circle motions with her fist closed and the cone of water circled above us . 
 when she stopped moving her fist , the water stood still except for some small splashes casing a drizzle . 
 alura then took a step to one side and lowered her arm in my direction causing the water to pour down and completely soaked me . 
 i stood there with my mouth open in shock while alura broke out in hysterical laughter , nearly falling on the ground from amusing herself . 
 she pointed her finger at me , then bent over and continued laughing . 
 `` not very funny and a bit immature , '' i said . 
 alura straightened up and stopped laughing , for a moment . 
 i could tell she was trying to hold her laughter back and her grin left no doubt she would fail . 
 she burst into laughing again . 
 `` oh , you want a water fight do you ? '' 
 fine little sister . 
 game on . '' 
 i pointed my ring at another pool of water and said , `` hydlama , '' causing the water to rise to a cone shape , then moved my hand in alura 's direction . 
 the water hovered over her head about 20 feet high , but she did n't seem concerned and arched her eyebrow in a way that told me , ` go ahead buster , i dare you ' . 
 i raised my eyebrow back at her and grinned , then let my arm fall to my side . 
 the water came rushing down , but before it could soak her , she raised her arm up creating a shield that deflected all the water back on top of me . 
 not a single drop of water touched her , but i got soaked again . 
 `` well brother , at least you wo n't need to take a shower today , '' she said , still laughing , but managed to regain her composure and explained . 
 `` our amulets recognize danger when present and will protect us if necessary . 
 this small amount of water can not harm us and our minds know it , thus so do our amulets . 
 the exception is when a wizard suddenly moves or acts in a reflexive manner , which raises our defense shield . 
 i guess i forgot to mention this , '' she said with a mischievous grin . 
 `` i guess you did . 
 what else have you forgotten to tell me ? '' 
 i asked , shaking water from my drenched clothes . 
 `` a girl does n't share all her secrets , especially with the grand wizard of zeshtune . 
 what fun would that be ? '' 
 over the next few days , my training included shooting lightening bolts from the sky , exploding rocks , moving water through the air , but nothing could prepare me for the monsters alura and kyiel described . 
 not just one type , but all the ones in every child 's worst nightmares : vampires , werewolves , witches , zombies , ghouls , and more . 
 alura told me that these monsters are agents of the dark and those who do battle with them are of the light . 
 makes sense . 
 dark versus light is the foundation of most human belief systems . 
 at first i believed alura were exaggerating , but she was n't . 
 the library on keob is filled with the history of monsters , including how they came to be and why they 're here . 
 what was most frightening is that these creatures have been among us everyday of our lives . 
 they work in offices as accountants , customer service reps , musicians , even at mcdonalds . 
 hmmm ... i wonder if that freaky paul guy who worked at the university library was a zombie . 
 he never said a word , was pale skinned , and moved like a tortoise . 
 i guess i 'll never look at people the same way from now on . 
 alura explained how some dark use glamour to hide themselves from humans , which is an illusion in appearance only . 
 while someone might see a perfectly healthy and attractive person , they could very well be a dark grotesque being that sucks the life out you during an office break . 
 she also told me that wizards can detect their presence when in close proximity , and when really close , glamour spells wo n't work . 
 amulets , as it turns out , are an extension of a wizard 's internal magic and warn of the dark by increasing apprehension , such as raising neck hairs or causing nausea . 
 once the dark are revealed , their auras can be seen when a wizard narrows his eyes to focus . 
 auras come in different colors depending of what the creature is : vampires are red , werewolves are yellow , witches are dark grey , and so on . 
 creatures of the light , such as yours truly , have an aura of blue and white light . 
 cool detection system , but the kicker is that seeing auras works both ways . 
 if you can see them , they can see you . 
 `` now comes the interesting part , '' alura said . 
 `` really ? 
 monsters from every possible nightmare are not interesting enough , in a really bad and scary sort of way ? '' 
 alura sat next to me on the couch and placed a large book on my lap . 
 it was old , leather bound , and smelt like a musty antique . 
 i opened it up at the first page and saw a drawing of a werewolf with fangs and long sharp nails extending from each finger . 
 at the top of the page were the letters liciavat , which made no sense to me until they began to swirl in a pattern of smoke that translated the letters to english . 
 the letters read ` lycanthrope ' , which essential means werewolf . 
 i would soon learn that lycanthropes are the ancient and most deadly of kind of werewolves . 
 `` how does this book work ? 
 i mean , those swirling letters . '' 
 `` it gets much better , '' she said . 
 `` wizards are able to see any word translated from any language , whether earthly or from other known worlds . 
 in your case , it translates to english , but there is a more efficient way for a wizard to learn . 
 reading the old fashion way , page by page , takes too long and is unnecessary . '' 
 `` what 's better than reading page by page ? '' 
 i asked in a reminiscent tone , being a university professor who poured over journals and books all day long . 
 `` it will be easier to show instead of explaining , '' she said and placed my hand on the book cover . 
 `` okay brother , close your eyes and say the word ` recalisa ' . '' 
 `` what 's going to happen ? '' 
 alura grinned . 
 `` do n't be a baby . 
 it wo n't hurt , i promise . 
 come on , close your eyes and say the word . '' 
 i closed my eyes , took a deep breath and said , `` recalisa . '' 
 seconds later , i saw a small speck of light in my mind which exploded into a cyclone of yellow lights swirling in all directions . 
 images of lycanthropes flooded my mind revealing transformations , killings of people , hunting villagers from medieval times , and a host of incantations . 
 the entire history and knowledge of lycanthropes was being downloaded into my brain . 
 as fast as the images started , they ended , and then there was only darkness . 
 i opened my eyes feeling dizzy and started to fall over to the side of the couch . 
 alura grabbed my arm and pulled me back up . 
 `` what just happened ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you learned all there is to know about lycanthropes in less than five minutes , all 836 pages in fact . 
 it 's a wizard 's speed reading method that only a professor like you can appreciate . '' 
 i still felt dizzy . 
 `` is my head going to explode ? '' 
 alura gave me that do n't be a baby look again and said , `` relax , it gets a lot easier with practice . '' 
 alura told me my speed reading ability was more impressive when i was a seated member of the council of elders on zeshtune . 
 during that time , i was able to walk into a library and acquire all the knowledge from every book simultaneously without touching anything . 
 alura reminded me that human brains are more delicate and i would have to settle for one book at a time , and not too many at once . 
 finally , my dizziness wore off and i could see more clearly . 
 `` so , what happens if i mind melt with too many books at once ? '' 
 `` mind melt ... really azul ? '' 
 `` hey , just asking . 
 after all , we 're talking about my head here . '' 
 alura smirked . 
 `` at first , you 'll just get a massive headache , then a nose bleed , and perhaps you 'd faint , '' she said . 
 `` do n't worry too much because fainting is how magic protects you from having your brain explode . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 `` let 's not find out , okay ? '' 
 okay then one book at a time it is . 
 alura got up off the couch and pointed to a wall , then said , `` there is your personal library . 
 now , go and learn . '' 
 i looked to where alura was pointing and saw nothing . 
 i walked over to the wall thinking it was an illusion and knocked on it -- yup , it 's solid . 
 `` okay smarty pants , what 's the trick with this one ? '' 
 alura grinned . 
 `` all you have to do is say the magic word to open the door . '' 
 i waiting a few moments for her to tell me the magic word , but she only stared at me with a cleaver grin . 
 `` not this time brother . 
 i used the word you need when we first entered the elder 's of zeshtune chambers . 
 if you do n't remember , you 'll have to search your mind for the word . 
 it is there , you only need to recall it from your sleeping memory . 
 concentrate . '' 
 i looked back at the wall and placed my hand on its surface , then closed my eyes . 
 almost instantly i began hearing sounds , not enough to distinguish at first , but soon could hear and see hundreds of words zipping by like i was racing in a car . 
 i heard alura telling me to concentrate on entering the library , and as i did , a single word emerged from hundreds off words . 
 i heard how the word should be pronounced . 
 i said , `` entrunezum , '' and my hand moved forward through air . 
 i opened my eyes and the wall was gone revealing a massive library . 
 there were at least 20 floors with multiple sections of walls that ran down isles filled with books as far as i could see . 
 at the center of the ground floor was a podium with a single book resting on it 's top . 
 finely crafted designs in gold adorned the book edges and spine . 
 it was exquisitely crafted , measuring two feet square , and i would not venture a guess as to how many pages were inside . 
 on the front cover was a drawing of a man with long white hair holding a staff up toward stormy clouds , clearly a wizard casting spells . 
 i opened up the book and the first page was blank . 
 when i reached to turn the page , i saw words appear as though someone was writing them in front of me , but no one was there . 
 normally seeing words appear on blank pages of a book would freak me out , however , this was pale in comparison to everything else i 've seen lately . 
 as the words appeared , i heard a man 's voice speak each word as if in a theatrical performance . 
 `` azul , this book is to complete the first of your many recognition phases here at keob . 
 remember , a complete recognition will take years , and when you finally achieve it , you will become the leader of your people in fighting against the darkzon once again . 
 magic is not enough to win the day , and you will need more than the knowledge in this library or that kyiel and alura can provide . 
 you will need courage , conviction , and purpose . '' 
 the voice went silent . 
 i turned to the next page and it was blank . 
 i skimmed past a few more pages and they too were blank . 
 i raised my eyebrows , disappointed that the writing had stopped . 
 that 's a lot of book for only a few words written on the first page . 
 maybe it 's broken . 
 `` no , azul , the book is not broken , '' the voice said as those same words appeared on the first page . 
 `` neat trick , '' i said . 
 `` no , not a trick , '' the voice said . 
 the voice responded to what i said or was thinking and were written inside the book . 
 must be some sort of interactive book . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i am you azul . 
 i am your memories , knowledge , and history . 
 we are one . 
 what you hear is not physical in nature , but a single conscience mind made of three parts : this book , your amulet , and your thoughts . '' 
 `` forgive me for saying , but all this kind of goes against what i was raised to believe . 
 you know , god being the creator , man suffering here on earth pending judgment , heaven , hell , being born , and dying . 
 there was nothing about other planets , universes , or dimensions . '' 
 `` the great creator is he who created all things in the beginning , '' the voice said . 
 `` we are merely servants who battle the dark to help preserve the light as best we can . 
 earth is where man is tested , protected , and prepared for the end of days , as are all living beings throughout the universe . 
 all what you have come to know , even the role of zeshtune and darkzon , is not new to earth history . 
 the battle continues without pause , and intensifies every 25,000 years according to earth time . '' 
 `` 25,000 years keeps coming a lot up these days , '' i said . 
 `` yes , the people you call mayans were taught many things about time , science , architecture , and more . 
 their calendar is one of the measurements used to determine when the darkzon return and depart from earth . 
 it was you who showed the mayans how to construct their calendar at the beginning of the last eternal cycle . 
 now listen closely azul . 
 the darkzon are coming once again and you must prepare yourself . '' 
 the voice continued explaining how the darkzon are pure evil in the darkest sense of the word . 
 these dark creatures only know conquest and placing other beings in slavery and will stop at nothing short of jeopardizing their own survival . 
 driven by conquest , the darkzon are relentless , show no mercy , and have many dark allies on earth who anxiously wait for their return . 
 `` these agents of the dark on earth will try to destroy you azul , '' the voice said . 
 `` okay , you see ... right there ... the whole thing about my mortality . 
 kyiel said he has known me for eons and a great battle occurred on zeshtune many millenniums ago . 
 how is that possible ? 
 what am i , some sort of reincarnated thing bouncing around the universe ? '' 
 `` not reincarnated , '' the voice replied . 
 `` all souls are forever whether in spirit or physical form . 
 wizards preserve their souls in amulets when outside their physical forms so the darkzon will not find them . 
 when they are awakened , wizards return to physical form to once again protect humans on earth . 
 time is relative azul , and when a wizard sleeps for many thousands of years , it is like man sleeping for one night on earth . 
 your soul has existed from the beginning when souls were first created . '' 
 `` the old guy with long white hair and beard fighting a dragon on zeshtune was really me ... i mean us ? 
 `` yes , the man you saw was your original physical form . 
 at the time of your first sleep , you were already many eons old . 
 you do age , but not in the way you currently understand time . 
 zeshtunians live for many millenniums on their homeworld before entering sleep . 
 on earth , however , the aging process occurs much quicker . 
 a wizard on earth may live hundreds of years , but they will age and die as do all men . 
 your amulet keeps you safe while awake or sleeping , and during recognition . '' 
 `` and i signed up for all this voluntarily ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` protecting the earth from the darkzon is the purpose you chose to undertake -- it was not forced upon you . 
 this has always been as it will always be until the end of days . '' 
 `` what about alura . 
 is she my real sister , and how old is she ? 
 `` alura is indeed your sister , born of the same spiritual union and has always been with you . 
 for these past 100 years , she has prepared for your return and will help you , as determined by the council of elders . '' 
 `` what about kyiel ? '' 
 `` kyiel is your friend and has been with you long before his fall at the great battle on zeshtune . 
 you can help him azul . 
 you can help him become what he once was and restore his free will knowing light from dark . 
 he is wise and possesses much knowledge about magic . 
 kyiel 's mind is also not restricted by the limited capacity of the human mind , as you are on the earth plane . '' 
 the voice and i continued in a series of questions and answers until my head started swimming again . 
 i began thinking how nice it was to have been clueless like everyone else on earth . 
 it was much easier getting up each day , going to work , enjoying simple things , and sleeping without knowing monsters existed . 
 that life is over for me now , and it looked like it could be over soon for everyone if things do n't go as the zeshtune prophecies predicted . 
 `` azul , it is now time for you to leave keob and engage in your first battle against the lycanthropes . 
 you already posses the knowledge to defeat them and alura will help you . 
 when the task is done , return to this room and say the words ` tranpla domas ' and your adventure will be recorded in this book . 
 fear not azul . 
 i am always here for you , and let 's not forget that you 're the most powerful wizard zeshtune has ever known . '' 
 the book closed and there was no further conversation . 
 i left the library with many unanswered questions , but also had more answers than before . 
 i knew what the voice told me was true -- i mean what my older self said . 
 it was a strange feeling to know jonathan willington was actually an alias for azul . 
 it 's even stranger being told i 'm a hero wizard destined to save earth . 
 like i said , life was much easier a few days ago . 
 chapter 8 the wall of the library reappeared after i entered the living area . 
 i placed my hand on it to be sure it was solid -- it was -- then turned to see alura comfortably sitting on the couch reading a magazine . 
 the fireplace had a nice fire going and i could smell the scent of burning wood . 
 `` how did it go ? '' 
 alura asked . 
 `` how do you think ? 
 nothing like finding out you 're the appointed protector of planet earth . 
 it was certainly a first for me , and how weird is it talking to a voice from a book large enough to crush a small car . '' 
 alura closed her magazine and grinned . 
 `` yea , i guess it would be a bit unsettling the first time . 
 do n't worry though , you 'll get the hang of it with more practice . 
 once you came into contact with the amulet in las vegas , your brain began to rewire itself . '' 
 `` rewire ? 
 what happens when a brain gets rewired ? '' 
 `` my goodness brother , you are a bag of nerves , are n't you ? 
 look , you will still be you . 
 professor willington is azul and vise versa , but i do remember you having a better sense of humor during your last recognition . 
 even so , what 's going on is that your brain 's ability to store information and develop greater capacity has begun to take shape . 
 with every passing day , you will become stronger and more comfortable with being a wizard . 
 trust me , i know my brother , professor or not , and we have traveled this path together many times . '' 
 not like i have a choice . 
 alura kissed me on my check and headed toward another room . 
 `` it 's going to be a big day tomorrow preparing to battle the lycanthropes and i 'm exhausted . 
 see you in the morning dear brother , or should i say ` great wizard ' , '' she said , then pointed to a door . 
 `` this is my bedroom . 
 yours is over there with the two big doors . 
 wizards always get the best accommodations . '' 
 i grinned . 
 if those doors reflect what the inside of my bedroom looks like , i 'm in for a treat . '' 
 alura chuckled a little as she closed her door , obviously knowing what i was thinking . 
 i opened the double doors expecting to walk into the waldorf astoria . 
 it was fairly large , but those mammoth doors were misleading for what was actually a less than humble setting . 
 the room had dark brown colored walls with wide wooden floorboards . 
 if that was n't gloomy enough , thick dark brown wooden beams were abundantly in place to support the ceiling , making the room look like something out of the middle ages . 
 candles arranged at several tables lit up as i entered the room , but did little to change the dreary decor . 
 there was a single leather chair in the middle of the room surrounded by a pentagram with strange symbols along the outside edges . 
 i walked over the circle surrounding the pentagram and was startled when it glowed . 
 i turned and stumbled backward several feet into the chair and the pentagram stopped glowing . 
 after calming down , i walked to the inside edge and jumped over the pentagram outline hoping that nothing would happen , and nothing did . 
 i took a closer look around the room and saw a wall lined with shelves with various sized jars , cans , and small boxes . 
 i did n't investigate any further what was on the shelves because i had enough adventure for one day , plus i was tired and wanted to go to bed . 
 wait a minute , where 's my freakin bed ? '' 
 i turned to face the living area and shouted , `` bet someone else i know has a nice bed , and probably down feathered too . '' 
 i scratched my head thinking i 'd have to sleep in the chair . 
 a second later , and without uttering a single word , the chair disappeared and an inviting bed appeared in its place , which meant i 'd have to cross over the aurora borealis again to reach it . 
 i moved to the edge of the pentagram , closed my eyes and hopped over it , then opened one eye a little . 
 the pentagram was n't glowing , so i opened my other eye and then checked out the bed by pushing my hand on it . 
 after assuring myself it was real , i flopped down on it and quickly fell asleep . 
 a few hours later i was awakened by what sounded like an animal inside my room . 
 when i opened my eyes , i saw a rooster sitting on a bedroom window watching me . 
 odd , i did n't notice the window before . 
 there was no sun yet , but enough daylight was beginning to light up outside the window to see chickens running around in a barnyard . 
 wait a minute ... i 'm sure there was no window here last night . 
 everything went silent and the window disappeared when i stepped out of bed . 
 no more rooster or chickens either . 
 at the same time , candles flickered on and the room filled with light . 
 very weird . 
 i felt fairly rested and decided to check out my bedroom more closely . 
 it did n't take long to decide the room must have been decorated using a spanish inquisition mail order catalog . 
 it was hard to believe i once liked dark gloomy decor , but here it is . 
 if it were not for the fact i was going to be sleeping here for who knows how long , i 'd definitely give it an 8 out of 10 on the creepy scale . 
 my bedroom wall got fuzzy and disappeared when i got a couple of feet in front of it . 
 i went into the living area and saw alura 's bedroom door still closed and wondered if she also had a crazy barnyard alarm clock . 
 not wanting to disturb her , i decided to use the time to ask kyiel some more questions . 
 after clearing my throat , i looked around to be sure no one was around and said , `` aptier kyiel . '' 
 `` hey buddy , did you get a good night sleep ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` azul , you know that ... '' `` yea , i know , you do n't sleep . 
 by the way kyiel , do n't you have any other colors in your wardrobe to choose from ? 
 i think dark grey is out of season . '' 
 kyiel did n't respond . 
 i think he was getting use to my sarcasm , even though he had a sense of humor akin to a store manikin . 
 it 's hard to think of someone as a close friend who never smiles or does n't crack a joke once in awhile . 
 `` today will be your first battle in many thousands of years , '' kyiel said . 
 `` you will need the tools from your wizard bag to help destroy the lycanthrope pack . '' 
 `` tools ... are we going to build cages for these wolves ? 
 `` no , not cages , '' kyiel replied . 
 `` your wizard bag stores a combination of spells , silver , and wolfsbane which you in the past have called tools . 
 you selected to use this word to avoid others overhearing you say magic or spells , especially when such things resulted in being burned alive or beheaded back in those days . '' 
 i grinned nervously . 
 `` okay ... not being thrown into fire and keeping my head sounds like a good reason to keep using the word . '' 
 more likely i 'd be shot today than burned at stake , which is not much better , but that 's beside the point . 
 `` most important are the water and fire spells , which as you now know , are formidable weapons against lycanthropes , '' kyiel said . 
 `` yea , i remember that from the book alura gave me . 
 you 'll have to show me where my tools are located . 
 i do n't remember anything about a wizard bag . '' 
 `` your memories will begin to return soon azul . 
 you must remain patient . '' 
 one would think that anyone in their right mind would be scared to death fighting werewolves , or lycanthropes to be politically correct . 
 strangely , the thought of coming face-to-face with these creatures did n't frighten , but it did fill me with anger . 
 the images i saw when downloading the wolfpedia book into my brain would make anyone angry . 
 what i saw -- men , women , and children being torn apart -- was beyond horrifying . 
 these creatures destroyed entire villages and turned innocent people into their kind . 
 real lycanthropes are worst than anything hollywood ever produced . 
 they are six to eight feet tall , 300 or more pounds , and have razor teeth and long claws . 
 they smell like roadkill and have heightened senses making them extraordinary hunters . 
 they 're also nearly impossible to kill without lethal doses of silver or having their heads cut off . 
 if that was n't enough , lycanthropes are able to regenerate damaged tissue quickly , including new limbs . 
 they have weaknesses though , such as not being able to cross running water , and wolfsbane throws their senses off . 
 what is most scary about lycanthropes is how they evolved . 
 there are two kinds now . 
 the first is the ordinary run of the mill four legged variety seen running free in the northwestern united states woodlands . 
 the second is a more cunning creature able to shapeshift and blend in with society . 
 shapeshifters live , work , and even eat fast food , albeit humans are their favorite dish . 
 they also use a glamour spell to hide their stench and true form in order to integrate into society . 
 `` ready hot shot ? '' 
 alura asked as she came out of her bedroom , wearing army fatigues , two swords cross strapped on her back , grenades strung across her chest , and a two desert eagles strapped to her legs . 
 i felt quite underdressed wearing jeans and an untucked t-shirt . 
 did i miss the war fashion memo ? 
 `` damn alura . 
 do you think you might be overdoing the war girl look a little ? 
 what about all that magic you have ? '' 
 `` dear brother , as you will soon learn , magic only can go so far . 
 magic requires concentration and focus , whereas my grenades filled with silver pellets do n't -- they just go bang and kill lycanthropes in all directions . 
 i also have my silver swords and hollow-point silver nitrate .44 mags as backup . '' 
 `` so you 're not going to use magic to fight the lycanthropes ? 
 you were awesome when training me . '' 
 `` unfortunately , my magic is quite limited off keob . 
 sarila invented a amplifier to boost my magic while here and close to her lab . 
 i can still do some basic stuff elsewhere , like transporting , night vision , shooting flares into the sky , but that 's about it on earth . '' 
 alura smirked . 
 `` not all of us have the natural magical power of master wizards like you azul , '' she said , placing her hands on her hips . 
 `` a little help with these toys do just fine , especially when caught between a rock and a hard spot . '' 
 `` where can i get some of those toys ? '' 
 alura took the artifact out of my backpack and tossed it to me . 
 `` here you go . '' 
 i caught the artifact and as it passed through the air , nearly dropping it because it suddenly grew two more feet in length . 
 it also had a stone on top similar to my amulet necklace and ring , but larger , that was held on top by the same six webbed silver strips connected to a band -- it resembled a gentleman 's cane . 
 `` hey , what did you do to my artifact ? '' 
 `` like it ? '' 
 she asked and grinned in anticipation of my response . 
 `` yea , it looks great . 
 seems it stretched out a bit , but the stone makes all the difference . 
 i guess while you 're blowing up and slicing wolves into tiny pieces , i can poke their eyes out with it . '' 
 alura grinned and kyiel chimed in to correct me . 
 `` azul , that is your staff , the same staff you used in the battle on zeshtune . 
 it channels magic much more powerfully than either the ring or necklace amulets you now wear . '' 
 i held it up closer and noticed the stone on top of the staff was glowing . 
 it then made a crackle sound and the staff expanded to nearly six feet . 
 i know this because i 'm six feet tall and was eye to eye with the stone . 
 i smiled . 
 `` it does look more menacing now , '' i said . 
 `` now i can whack a wolf on top of its head without getting too close . '' 
 alura laughed . 
 `` pretty cool , huh ? 
 it works the same way your ring amulet does , but better and at greater distances with many with more spells . 
 when you hold the staff in the same hand as you ring amulet , your power increases 10 fold , so be careful not to blow yourself or us up . 
 as an extra bonus , it can change to any thing you wish , such as a cane , pencil , or whatever . '' 
 kyiel instructed me how to make my staff change using the magical word ` unclass ' , such as ` unclass pencil ' or ` unclass staff ' . 
 i tried a few sizes and shapes and became convinced that it was indeed very cool and would come in handy during covert situations . 
 still , having grenades filled with silver pellets seemed pretty cool too and i decided to get me some one day . 
 i practiced one more time using my new toy . 
 `` unclass coin , '' i said and watched my staff change into a quarter , then flipped the coin into the air , caught it , and placed it into my pants pocket . 
 alura grunted and shook her head . 
 `` boys will be boys . '' 
 `` what ? 
 you do n't like coin tricks ? '' 
 i asked . 
 alura responded with a smirk and said , `` come on houdini , we have just enough time to find the lycanthrope pack , '' she said while walking to a wall filled with books , then turned to wait for me . 
 `` okay , i got this , '' i said and faced the bookshelves , then using a confident voice said , `` entrunezum . '' 
 nothing happened . 
 i noticed alura had her hand covering her mouth trying to keep from laughing . 
 `` what , this wall has a different magic word ? '' 
 alura raised her hand and tilted a book from a shelf outward . 
 i heard a click and a door on the wall opened . 
 `` very funny , '' i said . 
 `` so , some things are low tech around here . '' 
 `` a few things , but most are magic or high tech . 
 wait a minute and you 'll see for yourself . '' 
 we entered a long hallway leading to a large steal door . 
 alura turned a bank vault style wheel several times and pulled the door open revealing a massive cave . 
 `` whoa , how big is keob anyway , '' i asked . 
 `` big , '' kyiel answered . 
 he was n't kidding . 
 this area of keob looked a lot like the batcave . 
 all kinds of electronic equipment were humming , blinking , and it was all hooked into the internet . 
 news networks displayed on gigantic screens and satellite images were tracking who knows what . 
 up to now , everything i experienced was mostly related to magic , so all this technology seemed out of place . 
 there were three people wearing white lab coats who had long white hair pulled back into ponytails . 
 as we got closer , i noticed they all had the same brilliant blue eyes that alura and kyiel have . 
 apparently i was the odd man out having the only brown eyes on keob . 
 alura smiled and said , `` greetings sarila . '' 
 `` alura , i am happy to see you , and you have brought a friend . '' 
 `` this is azul , '' alura said , placing her hand on my shoulder to make me feel more at ease . 
 `` ah , the long awaited brother and wizard , '' sarila said . 
 `` i hope alura has not exaggerated your importance in the zeshtunian prophecy . '' 
 you 're not the only one . 
 i smiled , but kept my thoughts to myself while checking the place out . 
 sarila looked young , about twentyish i 'd guess , and carried herself with the confidence normally found in a much older person . 
 she had beautiful features and radiated with intelligence . 
 after staring at me for a few moments , she smiled . 
 `` welcome dear wizard . 
 all you see here is at your disposal . 
 we are , so to speak , your employees . 
 but we are employees who are not paid , get very little sleep , and have a fondness for certain foods , '' she said and with a wide grin , pointing to a few dozen empty pizza boxes . 
 my eyes widened . 
 `` wow , you certainly do like pizza . 
 i can most definitely appreciate your appetite . '' 
 sarila curled her arm under mine and led me to what looked like a helicopter pad with a large pentagram . 
 alura and kyiel followed . 
 `` i see you have one those circle things too , '' i said . 
 `` i had the pleasure of sleeping with one surrounding my bed last night . 
 is it nap time already ? '' 
 sarila looked over to alura and back to me . 
 `` he has a sense of humor . '' 
 alura smirked . 
 `` yup , but i 'm not sure i 'd call it humor . '' 
 sarila grinned . 
 `` good , you will need a sense of humor after tonight , '' she said and gestured with her hand for us to enter the pentagram . 
 alura and kyiel went inside first and i reluctantly followed . 
 sarila arched her eyebrow and grinned again , which made me feel like a mouse being trapped by a cat . 
 `` happy hunting , '' she said . 
 `` be sure to stay inside the pentagram wizard . 
 we do n't want you to lose any limbs . '' 
 `` lose limbs ... what does that mean ? '' 
 `` well wizard , you keep your arms inside while riding a roller coaster , do n't you ? '' 
 `` sure , but what does that have to do with this ? '' 
 `` let us not find out , '' she said and winked at alura , who grinned as though i was the most gullible wizard alive . 
 alura took a blue coin shaped object from her pocket and placed it in the center of the pentagram . 
 she closed her eyes and crushed the object under her foot , then said , `` transmati pack . '' 
 blue-white streams of light began flowing out from under her foot and encircled us in swirling motions , then shot up to the cave 's ceiling . 
 i felt a static electrical field as wind whipped around us , then everything went dark , except for something resembling a wormhole from a science fiction movie . 
 there was a sudden pop and lots of bright daylight appeared causing me to squint . 
 i looked around and realized we were transported to the middle of a desert with nothing but sand and rocks as far as i could see . 
 roller coaster ... now i get it . 
 sure hope sarila was only kidding about losing limbs with the whole ` stay inside the pentagram ' warning . 
 `` what was that coin shaped thing you stepped on ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` it 's a variety of herbs and natural elements used to contain spells . 
 we actually do call them magic coins because of how they look . '' 
 alura handed me one of the coins . 
 it felt weightless and brittle like an anti-acid tablet . 
 `` you will find them useful while undergoing recognition , especially since they have a long shelf-live and are easy to carry . '' 
 alura noticed me studying the etched symbol on the coin and further explained . 
 `` each coin has a unique color with a symbol on its sides for specific spells . 
 they can only be used once by crushing them and speaking the correct ancient words , which amplify the magic within us to cast specific spells , such as transporting us here . '' 
 alura pulled out two more blue coins showing different symbols etched on top . 
 she handed me one and i recognized the symbol was the same as on both pentagrams back at keob . 
 `` i assume this one is for getting back to keob . '' 
 `` you are so cleaver brother , '' she said and handed me the second coin . 
 `` what does this symbol mean ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` that 's for another place in new york , '' she replied with a sly smile . 
 `` do n't ask brother , i wo n't tell you because it 's a surprise . 
 another thing ... if you need to use a coin to return to keob , first construct a pentagram out of stones , sticks , or even a drawing in the dirt . 
 place the coin in the middle and say the words ` transmati domas ' while thinking of your destination to transport to either keob or manhattan . 
 you can also say ` transmati keob ' and you will transport to sarila 's lab . '' 
 `` is a pentagram always needed to transport ? '' 
 `` no , not for everything , but we will cross those bridges as they come . 
 think of pentagrams as a way to channel your magic and keep it localized so you do n't end up inside a cactus or rock . '' 
 `` that can happen ? 
 are you kidding ? 
 `` it happened once when a young new wizard sneezed while casting a transportation spell . 
 all that was left of him was one foot sticking out of the side of a mountain . '' 
 `` what happened to the rest of him ? '' 
 `` solid rock , '' she replied . 
 `` what do you think happened ? '' 
 she asked , watching for my reaction , and got one when my mouth fell open . 
 alura laughed . 
 `` i 'm just kidding azul . 
 that never happened , but it could and that 's the point . 
 magic is not to be taken lightly , so stay on your toes buster , and whatever you do ... never , never , never ... sneeze . '' 
 `` ha-ha , you are a real riot among comics , '' i said , feeling a little silly having believed her in the first place , but joined my sister in the moment and laughed -- albeit a nervous laugh . 
 `` azul , be sure you only use the coins when needed . 
 you can construct new spells later , but it takes time . 
 that coin you now have is needed to get us back to keob . 
 having just one will help prevent making a mistake by using the wrong coin and ending up who knows where . '' 
 `` okay , good to know , '' i said and put the keob coin in my pocket , then gave her back the other one . 
 `` so , here we are , '' i said while looking around at the strange landscape . 
 `` and where exactly is here ? '' 
 `` we 're in iraq , '' alura replied . 
 my mouth dropped again . 
 `` iraq ? 
 maybe a heads up about the travel plans would have been a good idea . 
 did we really travel back to earth in less than five seconds ? '' 
 `` yup , we sure did , just like your first trip from earth to keob . 
 get use to it brother because time and distance is not what you think it is . 
 you will get the hang of it soon enough , so do n't get your draws in a bunch . '' 
 `` do n't get my draws in a bunch ? 
 the humor never stops with you , does it funny girl ? 
 we 're both lucky that i do n't have to change my draws , never mind bunching . '' 
 alura shook her head . 
 `` yea , that would be much worse . '' 
 `` hey , did n't kyiel transport with us ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no , he 's a collection of molecules and has no physical mass . 
 he only entered the pentagram on keob to help build your confidence . 
 do n't forget , he is tied to the power of your amulet and you can summon him anytime and anyplace . '' 
 `` well , let 's not leave the guy out of all the fun , '' i said and summoned kyiel who appeared several feet in front of me , still wearing his same dark suit . 
 i was actually happy to see my stone faced friend , even given his dreary sense of fashion . 
 `` come on kyiel , join the party , and remind me to discuss some dress for success tips with you later . '' 
 chapter 9 while mind melting with wolfpedia on keob , i learned the middle eastern deserts were one of a few isolated places where lycanthropes found refuge and bred fighters . 
 they 're like ant colonies having specific roles and duties and included guardians , which are like the half-human-half-wolf beast pictograms found inside egyptian pyramids . 
 guardians protect lycanthrope lairs and will take your head off should you wander to close . 
 there are also the four legged woodland type wolves created from a lycanthrope bite or deep scratch . 
 none of these are deadlier than the third kind , shapeshifters , who blend in among humans . 
 shapeshifters are very intelligent predators and feed on human flesh for sport . 
 given the opportunity , they 'll tear your throat out as quickly as their less evolved cousins will , but you are more likely to be surprised when they do it . 
 the doctor , accountant , or teacher living next door could be waiting for an opportunity to eat you . 
 believe me , alura and i are doing the world a huge service hunting these monsters , and i was looking forward to putting some of the fur balls down tonight . 
 alura began walking up a rocky path and stooped down near the top . 
 she turned back to me motioning to be quiet by pressing her finger to her lips . 
 i looked around , but only saw stars above . 
 there is no ambient light in deserts , at least not this one , and i could barely see my hand in front of my face . 
 alura leaned in to me and whispered , `` close your eyes and say ` clarisim ' . '' 
 i did as she instructed , and when i opened my eyes , the darkness had peeled away . 
 i could see outlines of cactus , rocks , brush , and even a bat that flew by . 
 alura grabbed my chin turning it to a direction at my right . 
 they were large shapes moving around and guarding a perimeter . 
 i squinted my eyes a little and could actually see the outlines of wolves , some walking on two feet , others on all fours . 
 at least twenty of the creatures were patrolling around a large single bedouin tent . 
 `` be quiet , '' alura said . 
 `` we are downwind , so they ca n't smell us , but they can hear almost anything at this distance . 
 remember your training azul , especially the lightening and water spells . 
 focus your energy through your staff and hold it in your amulet ring hand . '' 
 alura looked concern , uncertain about how i might perform during my first battle . 
 `` brother , while you are a wizard , you are not unbreakable . 
 you can die if injured bad enough . 
 do not hesitate , no matter what . 
 we must destroy them all or they will kill us . '' 
 i should have been frightened , at least a little . 
 instead , i felt the same anger when i mind read wolfpedia . 
 the hairs on the back of my neck stood up and adrenalin began flowing through my body . 
 i felt strong and confident as kyiel and i followed alura down the backside of the cliff . 
 i still had my night vision and noticed the wolves were acting differently . 
 they were now pacing back and forth more quickly and in shorter runs . 
 a few had their noses pointed in the air as though smelling something , and as we got about 300 feet in front of the bedouin tent , the wolves started circling it in a tight pattern . 
 more growls and yellow eyes blinked in the dark , which sent chills down my back . 
 alura looked at me with a coy smile , and without warning , charged towards the wolves while tossing a pouch into the air . 
 she drew a dagger from her belt and threw it into the pouch to disperse its contents , then shouted , `` aska illuminata . '' 
 several balls of white light emerged from whatever was inside the pouch and floated above the wolves ' camp . 
 clouds formed over the bedouin tent and thunder rumbled across the sky as the dark desert became as bright as midday . 
 is she nuts ? 
 what am i suppose to do now ? 
 several wolves started running towards me from both sides readying themselves for a kill . 
 i raised my staff up to the sky and shouted , `` aknor stellara , '' causing the amulets in my ring and staff to glow bright blue-white . 
 clouds above swirled like a hurricane and a crack of thunder followed by a lighting bolt connecting to the top of my staff . 
 i pointed my staff to where the first wolf was closing in said , `` aktum . '' 
 three lightening bolts shot out from my staff setting the wolves into white burning flashes . 
 i quickly turned and pointed my staff to the other wolves nearly upon me . 
 another loud crack of thunder and more bolts rushed from my staff , obliterating the other wolves . 
 easy enough , but these were the four legged wolves . 
 the bigger and meaner ones were up ahead . 
 i ran forward and saw alura somersaulting and dodging in various directions while slicing wolves and guardians into piles of bloody arms , legs , and heads . 
 a white light trailed each swing of her silver swords striking wolves coming from all directions . 
 alura squatted down on one knee , pulled the pins out of two grenades , and threw them out to each side . 
 a bright flash and two loud bangs sent silver pellets flying into the air piercing through wolves and turning them into a fiery ash . 
 i raised my staff to the sky , swirling it in a circular motion above our heads and again shouted , `` aknor stellara . '' 
 loud thunder erupted and formed a circle of blue-white light around as i continued rotating my staff . 
 i then shouted , `` aktum , '' sending bolts of lightening outwards into wolves and guardians in wide sweeping attacks . 
 a few more howls and bright flashes , and then there were only piles of fiery ash around us . 
 i quickly drew a pentagram in the dirt using the end of my staff . 
 if any more wolves came at us , i wanted us to be ready to get the heck out of here . 
 i reached into my pocket and took out the blue coin alura gave me , but before i was able to use it , someone starting clapping from the bedouin tent . 
 we turned and faced the tent where a medium height man was smiling and clapping his hands together . 
 he was about five and a half feet tall , broadly built like a wrestling steroid freak , and wore an expensive three piece brown business suit . 
 his hair and eyes were jet black and he had a neatly trimmed beard . 
 `` very good , and very entertaining , '' the man said . 
 alura pointed both desert eagles at his head and i pointed my staff at his chest . 
 `` please , no more violence , '' the man said . 
 `` my children would not understand . 
 they are very protective , and as you can see , are many in number . 
 too many for you to kill them all should i be harmed and unable to keep you safe . '' 
 alura and i looked around and saw hundreds of yellow blinking eyes . 
 we were surrounded . 
 `` who the heck are you '' ? 
 i asked . 
 `` my name if lupzarro . 
 this is my home which you have come uninvited . 
 nonetheless , it would appear your arrival is good timing just the same . 
 i know who you are wizard and sensed your presence at the gate of the gods . 
 do not be alarmed . 
 if we wanted you dead , you would not have made it this far . '' 
 `` so says you , '' i said . 
 `` he 's a shapeshifter , '' alura said as she tightened her grip on her pistols . 
 the wolves around us were circling , growling , and showed us their long white teeth with noses pushed up in snarls . 
 `` alura , there are too many . 
 we ca n't win this battle . '' 
 alura kept her pistols fixed on lupzarro while shifting her eyes side to side . 
 she then lowered the pistols slowly from lupzarro 's head and held them steady at an intimidating angle . 
 having two .44 mag caliber desert eagles pointed at his manly goods got lupzarro 's attention , but he showed little concern . 
 `` that 's much better , '' lupzarro said . 
 `` we should look at this misunderstanding as an opportunity to negotiate a truce . '' 
 `` truce ... what kind of a truce does anyone make with a man-eating wolf ? '' 
 i asked . 
 lupzarro smiled showing what looked like perfectly normal teeth , but his eyes turned yellow . 
 `` you know wizard , my lords will soon be here and your kind will once again serve them as will all the inhabitants on this planet . 
 i offer you safe passage from certain death here this night if you agree to stop pursing us , and how do you say ... ah , ` burry the hatchet ' . 
 in return we will not hunt your kind . '' 
 alura raised one pistol and pointed it at lupzarro 's head while keeping the other locked on his wolf jewels . 
 `` what about the others ? '' 
 she asked , her fingers pulling slightly on the pistol triggers which caused lupzarro to stop smiling . 
 `` man is our food . 
 you know this . 
 we can not simply stop hunting our food , it 's not natural . 
 the truce i offer is for your kind only . '' 
 `` that 's not much of a deal , '' alura said . 
 `` if i 'm going to die here and now , i think i 'd like to take you out with me . '' 
 `` do n't be too hasty , there is more . 
 if you agree to this truce , we will not harm your warrior . 
 he is not well and could use your help . 
 i can tell you where to find him , or if you continue being disagreeable , my children can make him a visit . '' 
 `` what warrior do you think you have '' ? 
 alura asked . 
 `` do n't worry , '' lupzarro said . 
 `` you will be pleased to know he is safe for the time being . 
 fortunately for him , he does not remember who he is . 
 we are keeping a close watch so he does not get into trouble or hurt himself . '' 
 `` you 're a liar '' alura said . 
 `` even if you were able to hold one of us briefly , we would fight to the death before being a hostage . '' 
 `` ah , but that would mean such a warrior knew who he was , am i correct ? '' 
 alura stared hard at lupzarro while he grinned . 
 it was a tense few moments and i wondered if alura was going to blow lupzarro 's brains all over the bedouin tent , but she showed surprising restraint . 
 maybe the boss wolf did have one of our people after all , which would explain why alura had not already shot lupzarro . 
 the wolves were gathering in greater numbers and began growling louder while moving closer . 
 during the verbal exchange between alura and lupzarro , i managed to drop the blue magic coin on the ground inside the pentagram and crushed it , then shouted , `` transmati keob . '' 
 blue-white light instantly encompassed the pentagram sealing the edges and rose up to the clouds . 
 lupzarro 's smile turned to anger and he growled showing his long teeth , but still remained mostly human . 
 several wolves that jumped up to attack us and were turned into fiery ash as they touched the light emanating from the pentagram . 
 hundreds of wolves howled as everything went black inside the pentagram and we were transported back to keob . 
 `` greetings , and how was the hunting trip ? '' 
 sarila asked . 
 alura 's face was filled with anger and she went directly to a computer without acknowledging sarila . 
 she typed something , placed her hands on her hips , and stared at the monitor . 
 `` i see , '' sarila said . 
 `` not very well i guess . 
 what happened wizard ? '' 
 `` we were outnumbered and this lupzarro shape shifting creep said he had a zeshtune warrior . 
 he wanted to make a deal . '' 
 `` lycanthropes do n't make deals wizard . 
 they have no sense of honor and eat people for fun . '' 
 i walked over to alura and asked her if is she was alright . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' she said angrily , then took a deep breath and spoke more calmly , `` i 'm alright azul . 
 do you think lupzarro was telling the truth about knowing where one of our warriors is ? '' 
 `` i do n't know alura , but if he is telling the truth , we 'll find him . 
 i promise . '' 
 alura put her arm around my waist and tilted her head on my shoulder . 
 her eyes carefully watched the monitor as names scrolled by in white and red colors . 
 `` what does all this mean ? '' 
 i asked , watching the names scroll by . 
 sarila was now standing at alura 's side and explained how the computer was listing names of zeshtunians who returned to earth and have gone missing . 
 the names in red are those who were scheduled for recognition and remain unaccounted . 
 `` we have scouts looking for them , '' sarila said . 
 `` and not all have been found , '' alura added , her voice shaking . 
 `` azul , we know all these zeshtunians . 
 they are our brothers and sisters and some have not been seen or heard from for many years . 
 they are alone , maybe even dead . '' 
 `` dead ? 
 i thought zeshtunians went into a spiritual sleep if their bodies are destroyed . '' 
 `` that is true wizard , provided recognition has been completed , '' sarila said . 
 `` the power of zeshtunians resides in knowing who he or she is , not just their amulets . 
 this awareness guides them to sleep after their bodies die . 
 if on the other hand a zeshtunian fails to complete recognition , or believes he or she is someone else who can die , their conscientiousness will remain in empty space until the end of days . '' 
 i looked at alura and saw tears falling down her checks . 
 this was the first time i saw her become so emotional , which was not part of her warrior repertoire . 
 `` one can only assume the many names you see here are zeshtunians who are lost , do not know who they are , or have died , '' sarila said . 
 `` wizard , if you had died before going to the gate of the gods , you too would exist only in space until the end of days . 
 once you placed your staff into the gate and unlocked your mind , your recognition began . 
 now you are aware of who you really are , so if your body dies , your spirit will sleep in your amulet waiting for the next recognition . '' 
 i took alura 's hand . 
 `` come on alura , let go home and i 'll make you a nice cup of hot tea . '' 
 alura smiled a little . 
 `` that sounds good . 
 by the way brother , your first transportation spell worked out well . '' 
 `` i guess so , given we did n't materialize inside a rock , '' i said , causing alura to make a bigger smile . 
 we silently headed down the tunnel into our home . 
 alura tried her best to hide her sniffles and wiping tears from her eyes . 
 as soon as we got inside , she stretched out on the couch while i made hot tea . 
 a few minutes later , i carried a tray with two cups of hot herbal tea and placed it on the table next to the couch . 
 `` there you go little sister , the best tea keob has to offer . '' 
 alura was sound asleep , so she did n't hear me . 
 i sat on my chair and thought about how quickly this fierce warrior had turned into a tearful girl . 
 warrior or not , she 's an incredible person and i was lucky to be her brother . 
 even though i have n't known her long in this recognition , i knew we had each other 's back and would always be there no matter what came along . 
 that 's what families do -- they look out for each other and are there for them when it counts . 
 lupzarro was probably telling the truth . 
 why lupzarro is interested in this zeshtune warrior , and who the warrior actually is , falls on my mysteries to solve list . 
 i am going to find this warrior . 
 i had to because i promised alura we would . 
 my mind drifted back to what alura said earlier when talking about magic coins . 
 she said one of the coins was a surprise and had something to do with new york . 
 i assumed manhattan , because this is what new york is to most people , and manhattan would be a good place to start looking for a lost warrior . 
 chapter 10 manhattan is no different than any other large metropolitan city . 
 it has a large population , people ridding subways to and from work , and at the end of each day its city dwellers went home or clubbing . 
 then there were the not so visible city dwellers who for whatever misfortune came their way , have no jobs , homes , or family . 
 many of these unfortunate souls find abandoned buildings , out of the way alleys , or corners behind commercial trash containers to call home . 
 some of the more physically fit homeless find their way each night to an overpass connecting to interstate 95 off the housatonic river . 
 heat generated from passing motorist made living under the overpass more hospitable . 
 the local homeless called this place ` oz ' because its long time resident lou told everyone his tent was protected by a good witch from the north . 
 no one actually believed anything lou said , but his story about his tent falling from the sky on top of an evil witch never seemed to get old among the transient homeless . 
 lou 's makeshift tent was littered with what one might expect to see : needles , syringes , and empty whiskey bottles . 
 large cardboard boxes provided shelter to several neighbors who went unnoticed except for the occasional grunt or series of snores . 
 lou , once a proud navy seal serving his country , was like many other vets returning home to find no job or place to live . 
 he had no family , no money , and no one who cared if he even existed . 
 oz was lou 's home for the past five years , and while not much , it was his home . 
 while only thirty years old , he looked much older from living on the streets , at least twice his real age . 
 he was tall and thin with grey hair and a grey beard . 
 his skin was riddled with deep wrinkles and leathery in appearance from exposure to year round weather . 
 on most days , when he was not passed out from alcohol or drugs , lou was a friendly man who had not let his soul become hardened by bad luck . 
 he would pass people on the street and smile saying hello , even though most people ignored him . 
 as part of lou 's daily routine , he collected empty cans and bottles to cash in for deposit refunds . 
 today was a particularly good day because he collected enough cans and bottles earning him nearly fifteen dollars . 
 he looked into his large plastic bag as if it were a pot of gold and smiled . 
 `` today was a great day . 
 yesiree , it was a great day indeed . 
 there is enough here for a hot coffee and sandwich and i 'll still have money left over . 
 it does n't get any better than this -- hot coffee and a sandwich . '' 
 after receiving his deposit refund from a local store , lou hurried to a nearby delicatessen . 
 `` please good sir , a roast beef sandwich with all the dressings and a cup of hot coffee . '' 
 the server behind the counter looked at lou 's clothes , eyeing him up and down , and asked , `` do you have money ? '' 
 a big smile came to lou 's face as he reached into his pocket and pulled out a fist full of dollar bills . 
 `` yes sir , today i have money , and i ca n't wait to taste your wonderful roast beef sandwich and hot coffee . '' 
 the server grinned and said , `` roast beef with everything and a hot coffee coming right up . '' 
 lou 's eyes opened wide as he watched his sandwich being made , and the smell of coffee drew his attention to several pots simmering near the cash register . 
 finally , the person manning the register handed lou his order and change . 
 lou smiled . 
 `` have yourself a very good evening young lady . '' 
 the cashier smiled and replied , `` you too , and enjoy your food . '' 
 lou paused outside the delicatessen to take a sip of coffee and closed his eyes . 
 his stomach growled with hunger as he smacked his lips savoring the sweet taste of sugar and cream . 
 `` yes sir , nothing like a good cup of hot coffee to brighten up the day . '' 
 it did n't take long for lou to finish his meal and head back to oz . 
 it was getting dark , but the moon providing light and made the walk home more interesting than usual . 
 lou always enjoyed seeing moonlight reflect off the rippling water . 
 it was soothing and the lapping water always washed away his troubles . 
 most days , any number of people traveled this route , and the absence of people caught lou 's attention . 
 `` it 's odd that no one has come along this way , '' he muttered . 
 as lou got closer to oz , he smelt the familiar scent of wood burning and could see ambers shooting up into the night sky from a rusted steel drum . 
 he squinted his eyes to see who might be standing near the fire , but no one was in sight . 
 it was too quiet . 
 lou cautiously entered the camp and an eerily chill came over him . 
 when he got closer to the fire , lou froze in terror . 
 `` oh no , what ... what happened here ? '' 
 he said , grimacing at an horrific sight . 
 still frozen and unable to move , lou 's eyes scanned the camp and saw pools of blood with body parts strewn about everywhere . 
 several bodies had only torsos with big chunks missing as if something had eaten them and his tent was shredded . 
 lou took several steps back and tears filled his eyes . 
 `` my home ... my friends ... no , please no , '' he said , his voice trembling with fear . 
 lou froze again and his knees began shaking . 
 a low growl then sounded from above and he looked up toward the steel beams of the overpass . 
 he saw two yellow dots shinning in the dark that blinked . 
 a second growl , this time much louder , sent chills down lou 's back . 
 there in the shadows , the yellow dots get bigger and began to move . 
 `` those are eyes ... not human ... not human eyes , '' lou muttered , his own eyes bulging as his knees almost gave in from shaking . 
 another loud growl erupted and two more sets of eyes appeared . 
 lou turned and ran screaming , `` no ... no ... please no , please no . '' 
 several thumps sounded from behind lou . 
 he knew whatever was hiding in the darkness under the overpass had jumped down and was now chasing him , and he knew whatever it was , it killed everyone in the camp . 
 run , run , run , is all he could think as angry growls raced toward him `` no , do n't hurt me , please do n't hurt me , '' he shouted , then tripped over an abandoned tire and fell into the river . 
 the splash surprised him and he thrashed his arms and feet in confusion . 
 a few moments later , lou realized that he was in shallow water and still alive . 
 `` i 'm alive , '' he said . 
 lou regained his footing and was standing chest deep in the river 10 feet away from shore . 
 he rubbed the water from his eyes and heard more growling behind him . 
 lou quickly turned and saw the silhouettes of three large creatures with yellow eyes pacing back and forth , watching him , their teeth dripping with drool and blood . 
 he rubbed his eyes again , not sure if what he saw was real or a hallucination . 
 the creatures had long teeth and hands with long black nails . 
 he rubbed his eyes a third time , hoping he was just seeing things , but the creatures were still there watching him . 
 `` werewolves ... they 're werewolves , '' he muttered . 
 one werewolf looked down at the edge of the water and back at lou . 
 it howled , pointing its nose up to the sky , and the other two werewolves joined in making long bloodcurdling howls . 
 the werewolves kept looking down at the water , then back at lou , but would not enter it . 
 after a few minutes the werewolves fell to the ground on all fours like a dog and disappeared into the darkness . 
 lou stayed in the water . 
 hours passed while he shook from the cold and remained motionless from fear . 
 meanwhile , alura and i transported to a ground floor office with an apartment in the textile district of manhattan . 
 evidently , my little sister used chalk to make a temporary pentagram , and the sneak never told me . 
 instead , she told me that we were going on a training mission . 
 now that we were standing in a city apartment , my suspicious nature kicked in . 
 `` what kind of training is this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` are we going to untangle paperclips and sharpen pencils ? '' 
 alura smirked . 
 `` go ahead , knock yourself out . '' 
 typically , the textile district saw a lot of hustle and bustle from commercial activity during the day . 
 night time , on the other hand , was always quiet and almost desolate except for a few homeless people and occasional drug activity . 
 `` like it ? '' 
 alura asked . 
 `` sure , whose place is this ? '' 
 alura smiled . 
 `` it 's yours big brother . 
 welcome to your other home . '' 
 `` other home ? 
 wow , i guess some perks come with being a wizard . 
 how many homes do i have ? '' 
 `` do n't get too greedy brother . 
 this one and the one on keob are yours officially , but zwc does have offices and apartments all over the world should we need one . '' 
 as an added bonus , the apartment is conveniently located a few blocks away from shops and restaurants making for easy city living . 
 it included a front office , nicely balanced with new and older architectural features . 
 large wood beams ran across the ceiling complementing brick walls and a persian rug stretched across wide plank floorboards . 
 a comfortably sized office desk and leather chair was unobtrusively placed along one wall . 
 as an additional bonus , a large bay window and painted bench and coffee table offered a decent view of the neighborhood . 
 to make the place homey , a large solid mahogany half wall separated the office from the living area . 
 the apartment was also nicely decorated in a masculine style , but nothing overpowering like a man cave . 
 best of all , the refrigerator and pantry were stocked with all kinds of goodies , and most importantly , it was stocked with plenty of beer . 
 all in all , my new york apartment is a great place to call home , or my home away from home if taking into consideration the one on keob . 
 `` alura , this place is amazing . 
 is it really my apartment or are you playing a cruel joke on me ? '' 
 `` it 's all yours brother . 
 try not to burn it down with your magic newbie , '' she said while walking to the door . 
 `` hey , where are you going ? '' 
 `` i 've got an apartment too and it 's much less cluttered than yours . 
 it 's simple , just the way i like it . 
 i 'll come back tomorrow and check up on you . '' 
 for the first time in several weeks , i found myself alone and it felt strangely weird . 
 things just seemed a little out of place not having alura around to keep me on my toes . 
 we make a good team on the battlefield and have a chemistry that only family could have . 
 still , having a place completely to myself might be good for lowering my stress level . 
 fighting lycanthropes halfway across the world does take a toll on the old nervous system , so i 'm good with having some downtime . 
 before alura left , she told me my apartment is protected by magic called wards . 
 only the two of us can pass through the wards without being harmed , but she did n't get into any details . 
 apparently , the wards glowed around the door and window frames when they armed and disarmed . 
 having a security system is a good idea , especially when living alone in a new neighborhood . 
 my first morning started out as usual with a couple eggs , bacon , toast , and coffee . 
 it was my first day as a new yorker and having an empty stomach simply would not do . 
 smelling the bacon cooking reminded me of what francis bacon once said : ` a bachelor 's life is a fine breakfast , a flat lunch , and a miserable dinner ' . 
 true enough . 
 no matter what , i just have to start each day with a great breakfast . 
 i never felt comfortable when visiting manhattan in the past . 
 boston was smaller and always felt more manageable . 
 large cities seemed to swallow me up , but here i am . 
 i guess an adjustment period is to be expected , which should n't take too long having a great apartment . 
 i had only eaten half of my breakfast when someone knocked on my back door facing the alley . 
 `` wake and shine brother , '' alura said . 
 `` there is no time to be a bag of lazy bones , '' she added and again banged on the door . 
 `` are you going to open up or should i let myself in ? '' 
 i opened the door and welcomed her inside . 
 the door and window frames glowed with a blue-white color and then dimmed , just as alura said they would . 
 the same thing happened when i closed and locked the door . 
 cool security indeed , i thought as i watched the light show . 
 while i was momentarily distracted , alura darted to the kitchen table and began eating my toast . 
 `` hey , i was n't finished with that . '' 
 alura laughed . 
 `` snooze and you lose buster , '' she said while licking her fingers . 
 `` so , how was your first night in your new city home ? '' 
 `` not bad at all . 
 first quiet night i had for ... say , how long has it been exactly since azul came into the picture and turned my life upside down ? '' 
 alura tossed a newspaper that she brought with her and told me take a look . 
 i checked the date . 
 `` not too bad . 
 just a few of weeks have passed like i guessed . '' 
 the front page headline stated that a daniel zane was appointed chief field reporter of zane worldwide communications . 
 `` lucky guy . 
 do you know this zane ? '' 
 `` sure do , he 's you , '' alura said . 
 `` yea , i wish . 
 he must be loaded with money as the top field reporter . 
 seriously , do you know him ? '' 
 alura grinned . 
 `` he 's you azul . 
 daniel zane is your new identity and you are now the top reporter at zane worldwide communications . 
 everyone calls the company zwc , it 's much easier to say and you are top dog there . '' 
 a new identity makes sense since jonathan willington died in a plane crash . 
 at least that 's what everyone thought . 
 daniel sounded good for a first name , but zane reminded me of some cowboy riding off into the sunset in an old western movie . 
 `` not sure if i like the name zane . 
 can i change it ? '' 
 alura rolled her eyes . 
 `` daniel zane is the grandson of peter zane founder of zwc , who is now officially your grandfather , at least on paper . 
 by the way , we own the majority of zwc common stock , so technically you are a very man rich even though we never see actually see paper money . '' 
 alura explained how having credentials as a reporter from zwc has a lot a clout . 
 no one , not even the police , can keep a reporter like that away from anything he or she might wish to poke their nose into . 
 private property , well , not so much clout there , but most people know zwc and would rather talk than become a byline in a newspaper or cable news . 
 `` chief field reporter . 
 huh ... i guess that makes me your boss . '' 
 alura smirked . 
 `` keep wishing hot shot . 
 step out of line and i 'll teach you what a zeshtune warrior can really do when angry . '' 
 i smiled at the thought , but then again , alura could kick some serious butt . 
 it was better to never find out . 
 `` okay then , what 's on the agenda for ... '' before i finished my sentence , both our cell phones rang and the id screen displayed sarila . 
 we answered the call making it a three way conversation . 
 `` good morning children , '' sarila said . 
 `` we have a possible situation for you to investigate . 
 i am sending you both the gps coordinates now . '' 
 apparently those folks back at the batcave do n't sleep after all . 
 i still had sleepy sand in my eyes and sarila sounded exactly as she did the last time i saw her -- all bright eyed and bushy tailed . 
 she expressed concern for an increase in ` unnatural chats ' with cell phones in the city . 
 apparently , there has been talk about animals roaming the riverbanks and screams near the interstate . 
 obviously , sarila and company had some serious eavesdropping technology , which is good to know for when i use my own phone . 
 `` okay , we 're on it , '' alura said . 
 we put our phones away and alura headed out the door ahead of me . 
 i quickly changed my staff into a coin and placed it in my pocket . 
 while i was putting on my shoes and stumbling out the door , alura had already started her car and had the passenger door open . 
 `` you have a porsche ? 
 your day job must pay well . '' 
 i slid into the front seat barely getting my legs in with my knees tightly pressing against the dash . 
 i was still trying to buckle up when alura took off like a rocket , pushing my head back against the seat . 
 my eyes widened , my mouth dropped open , and my knuckles turned white from squeezing the door handle tight . 
 `` darn it alura . 
 let 's try to get where we going in one piece . '' 
 `` relax . 
 we 'll be there in a few minutes , and i 'll have you know brother that i 've never been in an accident . '' 
 `` yea , but how many have you caused ? '' 
 alura smirked . 
 `` would you like to walk ? '' 
 `` i might if i knew where we we 're going . 
 you do know where we 're going , right ? 
 i do n't think i can tolerate your driving much longer , so let 's not get lost . '' 
 alura looked at me and arched her eyebrow and scowled at me . 
 `` keep your eyes on the road , please , '' i said , which only made her drive faster and smirk more . 
 `` we 're going to a homeless camp under an interstate overpass , '' alura said . 
 `` we 'll be there in a few minutes . '' 
 the police radio in alura 's car sounded out a call for any nearby patrol officers to check out complaints at the oz camp . 
 `` the oz camp ... like in the wizard of oz ? '' 
 i asked as alura made a sharp turn , nearly scaring the you know what out of me . 
 `` similar to the wizard of oz , but it has a history all its own , '' she said . 
 `` i 'll explain later . '' 
 alura was now driving between cement columns . 
 i looked up to the highway from the windshield and wondered how many deadly tons of asphalt and steel might squish us like bugs . 
 the excessive speed became more tolerable once i closed my eyes . 
 childish perhaps , but it helped to keep my white knuckles from splitting out of my skin . 
 a few minutes later her car came to a screeching halt and nearly ran into a new york police car . 
 `` do n't worry , i know this cop , '' alura said , then she and the police officer exited their cars . 
 the officer placed his hands on his hips and shook his head . 
 `` a little early to be chasing fires , do n't you think alura ? '' 
 `` hey pauly , how 's it going ? '' 
 `` well , up to this moment not too bad , but the day is young . '' 
 i was still in the car trying to pry my white knuckled hand free of the door when alura look over at me and grinned . 
 `` daniel , come on out and meet the best cook in the city who also happens to be one of our finest officers . '' 
 at first i just sat in the car , then realized she was calling me by my new alias . 
 pauly smiled and tipped his hat as i stepped outside . 
 i nodded and smiled back to make a good first impression , trying real hard not to lose my breakfast from alura 's daredevil ride . 
 `` what do you think all the hoopla is about ? '' 
 pauly asked . 
 `` perhaps the locals partied too much last night , '' alura answered , but knew that would be the best and most unlikely case . 
 the officer nodded in agreement . 
 it would n't be the first time parties were broken up down here , mostly at night . 
 if there was a crazy party last night , this would be the first time pauly investigated it during daylight . 
 the three of us began walking toward the riverbank . 
 it was 8:20 am , so most of the partied out homeless would still be sleeping . 
 as we got closer , there was a distinct smell of something rotten , like bad chicken kept too long in a refrigerator . 
 alura looked at me and frowned from recognizing the smell . 
 we covered our noses and mouths as we came around a corner to an opening , then froze staring at body parts and pools of blood . 
 `` what the hell happened here ? '' 
 pauly asked , and then picked up the mic hanging from his shoulder and called in the scene . 
 `` central , we have a 187 down at oz . 
 multiple casualties . '' 
 `` roger that 21 . 
 patrol officers in the vicinity of interstate 95 near the river , officer reports 187 under overpass at oz . 
 report locations . '' 
 several patrol officers reported they were on their way to assist pauly . 
 seconds later the good officer 's face turned pale as he bent over throwing up . 
 `` come on , let 's check it out , '' alura said . 
 i followed her while we both still held our hands over our noses and mouths . 
 the smell was horrible . 
 i never smelt anything like it before . 
 pauly looked up and said in an officer 's voice , `` hey , make sure you two do n't touch anything . 
 this is crime scene , so be careful not to get anywhere near those bodies , or whatever is left of them . '' 
 `` sure pauly , i know the routine , '' alura said . 
 it seems alura 's press clearance sure did have clout , at least with pauly . 
 wasting no time , we walked along the edge of the river front and alura noticed large animal footprints . 
 we stopped walking when we saw a man standing in the water , which even for new york , seemed a bit weird . 
 `` wait here azul , '' she said and waded into the water . 
 `` hey , are you alright ? '' 
 the man did n't respond . 
 when she got closer , she asked again . 
 `` mister , are you okay ? 
 what are you doing in the water ? '' 
 again there was no response . 
 the man stood motionless with his eyes staring towards shore . 
 `` alura , are you sure you should n't wait for the police to handle this ? '' 
 `` something is wrong here azul , and this man knows what that something is . '' 
 alura gently took hold of the man 's arm and began leading him to shore , then she jumped and pulled her hand back . 
 `` what 's wrong , '' i asked . 
 `` this man ... he 's a zeshtunian . 
 he 's one of us . '' 
 `` what ? 
 are you sure ? '' 
 `` yes , i 'm sure . 
 our amulets glow and give us a sensation when coming in physical contact with zeshtunians . '' 
 i looked at my amulet which was n't glowing , but i had n't touched the man . 
 alura grabbed the man 's arm again and her amulet glowed even brighter than the first time . 
 moments later she had him safely ashore , but the poor guy looked like he was in some sort of zombie trance . 
 he stared without blinking and did n't make a sound . 
 not surprising given at all the bloodied bodies laying around . 
 `` wait here and i 'll get the car , '' alura said . 
 `` you 're going to leave me here alone with this strange and scary man ? '' 
 alura frowned . 
 `` he 's not a stranger . 
 he 's zeshtunian , '' she said in a scolding tone and sprinted to her car . 
 `` okay then , i 'll stay here then with our scary new friend . 
 hurry back . '' 
 i asked the man if he was alright . 
 he looked at me and i noticed his blue eyes . 
 yup , probably a zeshtunian . 
 the man grabbed my arm without saying a word . 
 suddenly , i was in some sort of a vision and could not move or speak . 
 images began to flow in my mind and i was once again back on zeshtune in battle . 
 just like i experienced in my first vision , i was the old version of me when first seeing kyiel . 
 i saw myself on the ground facing up towards an ape like creature that was wearing armor . 
 it had a gigantic ax raised above its head ready to drop on me , and right before the ax dropped , a blue-white light glowed through the middle of the ape 's chest and stuck out about 12 inches . 
 the ape gasped , tilted its head back and rolled his eyes , then fell to ground barely missing me . 
 a tall muscular man with long white hair and beard stood in front of me with blood dripping from his claymore sword . 
 he also had the same zeshtunian blue eyes . 
 `` wizard , good thing for you i was near , yes ? '' 
 it was thyzil , one of the elite zeshtune warriors who had saved my butt by shish-kabobing the ape . 
 i grabbed his hand and he pulled me up and laughed . 
 `` indeed my old friend , '' i said . 
 `` your timing is impeccable , as always thyzil . '' 
 we embraced each other as zeshtune warriors do after killing monsters in battle . 
 thyzil was six inches taller and 100 pounds heavier than me , so when he put his arms around me in an embrace , it felt like my body would break . 
 `` makes 83 for me wizard . 
 how many you destroyed ? '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` lost count my friend . 
 plenty i suppose , but not as many as you . '' 
 `` come wizard , we fight more . 
 no time to babysit , '' he said , lifting his claymore above his head and ready to charge into the battlefield . 
 `` babysit you say . 
 well , let us see who destroys more enemies this day old friend , '' i said and we ran to where the main battle was being fought . 
 in a flash i was back under the overpass in manhattan . 
 the man smiled at me and spoke . 
 `` you 're the wizard of oz , '' he said , his voice coarse and barely audible . 
 `` wizard of oz ... hey , is your name lou ? '' 
 for a brief moment the man appeared lucid , but then his eyes clouded up again with confusion and he turned away staring at the river . 
 in a quieter voice , but still audible , he managed to again say , `` you are the wizard , '' and then passed out in my arms . 
 my amulet was glowing as bright as alura 's , who sped around the corner and jumped out of the porsche . 
 `` hurry azul . 
 we have to get him out of here before the other police show up . '' 
 `` what about pauly ? '' 
 i asked , `` he 's busy wiping sweat from his brow and still throwing up . 
 the rest of the police will be here in minutes . 
 hurry , let 's get him in the back seat . '' 
 you call that a seat ? 
 porsches are not really designed for carrying a third passenger . 
 this is especially true for a tall man who has passed out and had to be stuffed inside . 
 even so , we managed to get him in the back and alura sped off kicking dirt and pebbles into the air . 
 `` we 'll have to take him to your place for the time being , '' alura said . 
 `` sure . 
 will he be alright ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 'll take a closer look when we get him out of the car . '' 
 `` i think he may be connected to a zeshtune named thyzil . '' 
 alura looked surprised . 
 `` thyzil ... are you sure ? '' 
 `` i think so . 
 he grabbed my arm and put me in some sort of mind blowing zeshtune battle vision . 
 but , the man in my vision had long white hair and a beard , and he was extraordinarily large as in schwarzenegger large , only bigger . 
 this puny guy ca n't be the same warrior i saw , so i figure he might know this thyzil guy . '' 
 chapter 11 alura glanced back at the man and her face filled with stress and confusion . 
 i think she was equally doubtful that the man in the backseat could be the same thyzil in my vision . 
 `` did he say anything to you when i was getting the car ? '' 
 `` yea , he called me the wizard of oz , so i thought he might be that lou guy you told me about . 
 after that , he grabbed my arm and put me into a mind blowing vision where this thyzil guy killed a giant ape creature trying to take my head off . '' 
 alura told me that thyzil was a great warrior on zeshtune and thought to be still sleeping , not yet returned to an earthly existence . 
 no one has seen or heard from him for many thousands of years . 
 `` it 's possible azul , '' alura said . 
 `` it could be thyzil . '' 
 `` what ? 
 if this guy is thyzil , what was he doing under the overpass looking like a bum , and what happened to all his muscles ? '' 
 `` thyzil 's name here on earth might be lou . '' 
 `` lou , as in the same homeless lou from the land of oz , who is now passed out in the backseat of your car ? '' 
 `` yes , this man might actually be thyzil . 
 if he is , something very wrong happened during his recognition . '' 
 i looked back at the man . 
 `` yea , i would say something went wrong . 
 this guy does n't look anything like the fighting machine i saw in my vision . '' 
 alura swerved around several cement columns under the overpass , and finally we were back on regular streets . 
 she then slowed down to avoid being pulled over by patrolling police cars . 
 thank goodness . 
 i finally relaxed my grip on the door handle . 
 `` if he is thyzil , he must have become confused and lost most of his memory , '' alura said . 
 `` if this happened , his reconstruction into human form did not complete . '' 
 `` yea , about this reconstruction business . 
 how exactly does a zeshtune become reconstructed into human form ? 
 is it by possessing another body ? '' 
 alura grimaced . 
 `` goodness no , do n't be ridiculous . 
 zeshtunians take the form of a human , but we retain our original birth appearance . 
 we have our same bodies , organs , blood , and can die like any human , but we are reconstructed by magic stored in our amulets . '' 
 `` i was constructed from magic and not actually born ? 
 are you saying i look , talk , and act like a human , but just not really one . 
 is that about right ? '' 
 `` yes , zeshtunians are born only once in a natural physical form similar to our human cousins . 
 we lived in our first state for many millenniums . 
 like humans , our bodies age and die , but we have a much longer physical lifespan . 
 you and i now look as we did when we were young zeshtunians millions of years ago , however , we will age much quicker here on earth . 
 on this planet , our physical lifespan is only a few hundred years before we enter sleep again . '' 
 `` so i 'm a copy of the famous old zeshtune wizard in my visions . 
 i guess that would explain the lack of childhood memories , as kyiel already alluded to . '' 
 alura pulled into the ally behind my apartment and we hauled the man inside , placing him on the couch . 
 she then called sarila and put her phone on speaker mode so i could hear the conversation . 
 `` sarila , something important has happened . '' 
 `` do tell . 
 wait , let me guess . 
 lycanthropes are running around the city killing humans ? '' 
 `` yes , we found evidence of lycanthropes , but ... i think we also found thyzil . '' 
 `` thyzil the great warrior ? 
 how do you know ? '' 
 `` both of our amulets glowed when we touched him , and azul had a vision . '' 
 `` send me his profile right away . 
 we need to know for sure . '' 
 alura disconnected the call and held her amulet and the man 's hand . 
 her amulet began to glow while she closed her eyes and muttered a few words , then i heard a small crack sound and saw a puff of smoke as her amulet stopped glowing . 
 `` did you just blow out your amulet ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no , i sent his bio information to sarila . 
 it 's a simple spell . 
 i 'll teach it to you someday . '' 
 the man began to move his head side to side and opened his eyes . 
 he looked more lucid and relaxed . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 alura asked . 
 the man looked us , but did n't reply . 
 a few moment later alura 's phone made a sound indicating she had a text message . 
 she read it and then looked at me with tears in her eyes . 
 `` azul , it 's him . 
 it 's thyzil . '' 
 we both looked at the man and he looked back at us . 
 tears continued to swell in alura 's eyes and she began shaking . 
 `` come on azul , let 's get him to your lab pentagram . 
 sarila wants us to transport him to keob right away . 
 hopefully , she will still be able to complete his recognition and save him . '' 
 alura was shaking so much she could barely help lifting the man . 
 granted , thyzil was one of us , a zeshtunian , but alura 's reaction seemed more personal to me . 
 tears kept running down her face and i did n't know what to do or say to comfort her . 
 still , i was curious about recognition , especially since i was going through it myself . 
 `` alura , what happens if sarila ca n't complete his recognition ? '' 
 `` if recognition is not completed , he will never know who he really is , where he 's from , and what purpose he has on earth . 
 he will live out his days as lou from oz , and once his body dies , he 'll exist in the void of space until the end of days . 
 if that happens , he will never be able to return to earth or anyplace else , not ever . '' 
 crap , that does n't sound good at all . 
 `` you said we have to move him to my lab pentagram . 
 where exactly is the lab ? '' 
 alura pointed to a solid brick wall as we pulled thyzil up from the couch . 
 `` come on azul , hurry . '' 
 i looked forward and said , `` entrunezum . '' 
 the wall blurred and then vanished revealing a room similar to my bedroom back at keob . 
 the adjoining wall to the room where i slept in last night -- apparently a guest bedroom -- also vanished . 
 we placed thyzil in the center of a pentagram located in the middle of the lab floor , then alura took my arm and pulled me outside of it . 
 `` only thyzil can be inside for the transportation this time , '' she said , then took a blue magic coin from her pocket and handed to me . 
 `` you must perform the transportation spell because it your pentagram . 
 break the coin in your hand and throw it into the pentagram , then point your amulet ring at thyzil and speak the magic words . '' 
 i did as alura instructed and said , `` transmati keob . '' 
 a ring of blue-white light rose from the pentagram edges along the floor up to the ceiling . 
 thyzil turned transparent and disappeared and the light from the pentagram abruptly went dark . 
 alura continued staring at the pentagram without saying a word . 
 `` alura , are you alright ? '' 
 `` i will be . 
 give me a few moments . '' 
 `` sure , of course . 
 i 'll wait for you in the living area , '' i said and the brick wall reappeared behind me as i left the lab . 
 feeling a little shaken from the experience , i decided to start a fire in the fireplace to warm things up . 
 once i got the kindling going , i sat on the couch and kept looking at the brick wall , wondering how my sister was doing . 
 a few minutes later alura came out and sat next to me placing her arm around mine . 
 she rested her head on my shoulder and gazed into the fire which was now burning nicely . 
 we said nothing and sat still for what seemed like an eternity , at least for me given all the questions i had . 
 about 20 minutes later alura fall asleep , so i gently got up and placed a pillow under her head and a blanket on top of her to stay warm . 
 it 's been a hell of a day . 
 after that enlightened thought , i went to bed hoping tomorrow would find alura as her old self . 
 when my bedroom alarm went off in the morning , it was n't an annoying roster crowing in a window . 
 this time it was much more subtle and tasteful . 
 the pentagram circling my bed glowed ever so slowly while music began to fill the room with sounds of running water , gentle breezes , and a pan flute . 
 nice ... very nice . 
 i stretched my arms over my head and jumped out of bed . 
 well , more like nearly falling from muscle fatigue . 
 the music stopped when my feet hit the floor and candles around the room lit up . 
 there were no electrical switches , plugs , lamps , or anything post benjamin franklin era in my bedroom , so i was curious how all these things worked . 
 i moved closer to the adjoining lab wall , said `` entrunezum , '' and watched it disappear along with the wall leading to the living area . 
 when i moved back , it reappeared . 
 cool ... a two-way magical doorway that connects all three rooms . 
 alura had told me that only i could enter my lab because the magic is linked to my amulet as are the wards protecting the front and rear entrances . 
 anyone my wards did n't recognize who tried to enter would get zapped by a magical taser , or worse . 
 i decided not to say anything to alura about thyzil . 
 she was shaken up badly yesterday and things could wait until she was ready to talk . 
 my only memory of thyzil is from the brief vision of a battle on zeshtune . 
 the old beaten up man we found standing in the housatonic river meant something special to alura . 
 what she felt was something more than finding a lost zeshtune warrior , but what ? 
 alura was still sleeping comfortably on the couch when i began cooking breakfast : eggs , toast , bacon , and coffee . 
 once the smell of coffee began filling the living room , alura turned on her side and rubbed her eyes . 
 `` me too big brother . 
 double up on the eggs , '' she said and pulled the blanket over her head . 
 i was about to respond with one of my wisecracks when i heard something move outside the front door . 
 i listened closely and watched the door ... there , i heard it again . 
 sounds like something moving or scratching . 
 armed with a stainless steel spatula , i went to the window next to the door and looked out through the edge of a blind . 
 there was nothing there , so i turned back to the kitchen and heard the noise again . 
 it 's probably just my imagination , or rats -- i hope it 's not rats . 
 i turned the deadbolt and opened the door a crack . 
 when i looked down , i saw a dog curled up near the doorway . 
 `` oh my gosh , sally . '' 
 sally jumped up and knocked me to the floor with her paws pressed on my shoulders . 
 she was barking and wagging her tail furiously and slobbering all over my face . 
 alura sat up on the couch with a big smile and then moved to the floor where sally had me pinned down . 
 `` alura look , it 's sally . '' 
 `` good girl sally , '' i said . 
 `` how in the world did you ever find me ? '' 
 i heard about pets traveling great distances to find their owners . 
 boston was not far from manhattan , but the city is a navigation nightmare , at least for me . 
 jackie , my lab assistant at harvard , had been taking care of sally since i disappeared off the grid . 
 `` no fake obituary will fool you , huh old girl , '' i said and sally woofed in agreement . 
 after a few minutes , sally ran to the front door and made a low growl . 
 `` what 's the matter sally ? '' 
 i asked . 
 alura got up and looked out the front window and said , `` it 's a watcher . '' 
 `` it 's a what ? '' 
 alura waved her hand for me to come see . 
 i looked to where she was pointing and saw a black crow resting on top of a street light . 
 it was staring at us , and if not for an occasional flicker of one of its wings , i would have thought it was a toy placed there as prank . 
 i mean , really , who has ever seen a crow in new your city ? 
 `` do n't worry , they wo n't harm us , '' alura said . 
 `` i sure hope not . 
 hate to start the day fighting off a creepy black bird . 
 why is it sitting on a light pole outside watching us ? '' 
 alura closed the window shade and sat back at the kitchen table . 
 i followed closely to make sure she did n't eat all the toast this time . 
 `` here , let me get your breakfast and a cup of coffee , '' i said while she explained . 
 `` watchers are darkzon spies . 
 they show up occasionally where beings of light are to keep an eye on them , especially zeshtunians . 
 they are naturally drawn to and sense magic , such as your wards . 
 most likely lupzarro owns this watcher and already knows where you live . '' 
 `` i do n't like the thought of having a spy snooping around where i live , even if it 's only a dumb bird . '' 
 `` not to worry azul , we have sarila , and a she 's a better spy than any dark creature we 'll come across . '' 
 `` what does sarila do besides call us to battle monsters ? '' 
 alura smiled while continuing to eat more eggs . 
 `` well , for one thing , she 's connected to all the satellites orbiting the earth and retrofitted all the keob technology to track the dark . 
 she probably knows exactly where lupzarro is right this minute . '' 
 not bad . 
 sarila seems to have landed the most covert job in america . 
 i felt a little jealous , but only for a moment . 
 after all , sarila does n't have magical ability or a cool staff capable of throwing lightening bolts from the sky ... or does she ? 
 sally finally settled down at a spot next to the fireplace after eating a few hot dogs and drinking a large bowl of water . 
 she kept her usual keen eye on me like when we were at the university lab . 
 `` i know what you 're thinking , '' alura said . 
 `` you do ? 
 how could you possibly know what i 'm thinking when i rarely know myself . '' 
 `` azul , your being a professor and archeologist was all planned by you long ago . 
 it was the life you needed to protect yourself and lead you to your staff . '' 
 alura reminded me how i buried my staff in the egyptian desert and built the gate of the gods thousands of years ago before entering my last sleep . 
 `` your staff -- the artifact you found -- was hidden by you to keep it safe . 
 do you think finding and placing it in the gate of the gods was mere chance ? 
 it was all planned by you , '' she said and added with a smirk , `` you already know all this azul . '' 
 true , but that story never gets old . 
 normally , i 'd be impressed hearing a story like this about someone else , but it was about me , and that made the story both interesting and worrisome . 
 strangely , the first thought i had was about how much time and money i invested in my education , which had nothing to do with being a wizard . 
 it seemed to me that a tuition refund would only be fair . 
 nice thought , but it was n't ever going to happen . 
 alura must have guessed what i was thinking because she started to laugh . 
 `` are you reading my mind little sister ? '' 
 `` not actually reading your mind . 
 remember ? 
 i 'm only sensing the impressions your mind is creating . 
 you will see into my mind too after learning to focus your abilities . 
 after all , you are the greatest wizard ever to rise from the ranks of magical realms , even though you sometimes act like a dork . '' 
 `` dork you say . 
 i 'll show you who 's a dork . '' 
 i grabbed a tube of ketchup from the kitchen table , opened the cap , and aimed it at her . 
 alura stopped eating and froze . 
 `` you would n't dare , '' she said with her eyebrow arched as a sibling dare . 
 i smiled and raised the ketchup bottle in line of sight , and without hesitation squeezed the bottle , which shot a stream of red liquid splattering all over alura 's face . 
 she jumped up out of her chair and her mouth dropped wide open in shock . 
 i then did what anyone having a battle advantage would do . 
 i shot another stream of ketchup at her as a second preemptive strike , but this time she ducked and it splattered on the wall . 
 `` you are so dead mister , '' she said . 
 alura darted the refrigerator and armed herself with her weapon of choice : a tube of mustard . 
 she raised her eyebrow while pushing ketchup off her hair and face . 
 `` my turn buster , '' she said , then shot a long trail of yellow yuk at me . 
 luckily , i managed to get out of the way and the mustard went over my head hitting the wall . 
 not bad , one to zero , my advantage . 
 sally also got in on the fun by licking up all the condiments she could find . 
 more streams of red and yellow condiments filled the air as alura and i covered each other until the tubes emptied , then we laughed while licking our fingers . 
 it was good to see alura happy again after last night . 
 we both needed a break from our reality . 
 alura raised both eyebrows again and looked at the bathroom door in a sneaky way not to give away what she was planning . 
 i did the same , but she was quicker and got to the bathroom first , then locked the door behind her . 
 `` getting old brother ? 
 hard to keep up with your little sister ? '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` it does n't matter because i won . '' 
 it might have been fun having a food fight , but everything was smelly and sticky where sally could n't reach . 
 not so much fun now , but totally worth it . 
 i placed a towel on my chair and sat down waiting for my turn to shower . 
 after resting a few minutes , i decided to clean up what sally missed . 
 `` i do n't think i 'll be eating anything with ketchup or mustard again for a long time sally . '' 
 sally burped while her tongue continued licking her nose free of the tasty spoils of war . 
 i 'm sure she was hoping condiments would stay on the menu , even if only by way of food fights . 
 a few minutes later , alura exited the bathroom clean as a whistle . 
 `` all yours brother , '' she said and poured herself another cup of coffee . 
 `` next time i 'm going to use the mustard , '' i said , causing alura to grin and shake her head . 
 `` go on , take your shower azul . 
 you look like a diseased sunflower . '' 
 i got a good look of my condiment face in the bathroom mirror and had to agree with alura . 
 i did look like something diseased , flower or otherwise . 
 i chuckled at the sight . 
 mustard face and all , i began thinking again how strange it is being some sort of a great wizard from another planet -- who would n't ? 
 i felt too normal and ordinary . 
 i was n't really human having been created as some sort of magical construct , but my heart beats , i breathed air , and i have red blood . 
 i can even catch the flu like anyone else . 
 still , i was not exactly human in the way science would determine . 
 i guess i can live with this -- not like i have a choice . 
 i finished showering , put on some clean clothes , and entered the living area cautiously in case alura was planning to ambush me with more kitchen goods . 
 instead , she was putting on her leather jacket and holding her car keys . 
 `` going somewhere ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i 'll see you later today for dinner . 
 i have to run some errands and do some errands . 
 why not do some shopping for yourself ? 
 perhaps buy a car ? 
 i left a zwc credit card for you on the table and it has no credit limit , so have some fun , '' she said , then blew me a kiss and walked out . 
 more alone time . 
 i guess now would be a good time to continue sorting out all the crazy stuff that happened yesterday . 
 on second thought , trying to sort out anything crazy is crazy in itself -- my new reality i suppose . 
 chapter 12 sally was sprawled out on the floor next to the fireplace and she looked fat and happy . 
 let no one can ever say my dog does n't know how to take it easy when she puts her mind to it . 
 i admire that and am somewhat jealous of her relaxing capabilities . 
 `` hey sally , think we should summon kyiel for a question and answer session ? '' 
 sally slowly thumped her tail on the floor once without lifting her head . 
 i guess traveling all the way from boston has finally caught up to the old girl . 
 if it were me , even if i had four legs , i 'd be in a comma from exhaustion . 
 i summoned kyiel using the words , ` aptier kyiel ' and he appeared . 
 sally lifted her head , but did n't show any concern over someone who just magically appeared out of thin air . 
 sally is friendly , but her reaction was not what i expected . 
 `` good morning kyiel . 
 this is my dog sally who will be living here with me . '' 
 `` greetings creature , '' he said and sally tilted her head and perked her ears up . '' 
 `` do n't worry sally . 
 kyiel never smiles , but you 'll get use to him . '' 
 `` where do i begin ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` at the ... '' i interrupted kyiel . 
 `` yea , i know , at the beginning . 
 yesterday , alura and i found a lost zeshtune who calls himself thyzil . '' 
 `` yes , i know . '' 
 `` oh yea , you know what i know . 
 i forgot . 
 seems like everyone around me already knows what i know these days . '' 
 kyiel made no response and maintained his usual emotionless expression . 
 not that i was expecting a response from my stone faced pal , having now know him for a while , but his prior explanation about his cosmic link to my underdeveloped wizard brain still perplexed me . 
 `` okay then , tell me all about thyzil . 
 who was ... i mean who is he , and why did alura act the way she did last night when learning his identity ? '' 
 `` thyzil is a zeshtune warrior unlike all others . 
 he possesses superior battle skills and abilities and is fearless . 
 he also is a champion of light , a good friend , and is engaged to alura . '' 
 `` he 's engaged to my sister ? 
 wow ... that sure explains things . 
 when did that happen ? '' 
 `` the day before the battlefield at zeshtune , he and your sister planned to be joined in marriage at the rising of zeshtune 's sister planets , which occurred three months later . '' 
 `` so they 've been engaged for millenniums ? '' 
 `` yes , however , such timeframes were not relevant when living in our original forms on zeshtune . 
 a millennium is as though living one moment on earth . '' 
 `` i would guess that since thyzil was engaged to my sister that i knew him pretty well . '' 
 `` yes , you and thyzil are very good friends . 
 he was at your side when you defeated the darkzon on zeshtune . 
 he has also been at your side during the many galactic alignments since then and is willing to fight to the end on your behalf . 
 even with your great magic , the darkzon might not have been defeated if not for the battle skills of thyzil and others like him . '' 
 `` what happened to him and why does he look so worn out ? '' 
 `` thyzil 's body was destroyed by dark magic as the darkzon departed earth after the last galactic alignment . 
 a dark evil was released that threatened alura 's life and thyzil stood in her place before a fatal blow could befall her . 
 the last thing thyzil saw before his body died was alura lying in her own blood . 
 he died not knowing she had survived and this memory has remained with him while his conscience mind slept . 
 upon awakening from sleep , his body reconstructed while still tormented by this dark memory , which interfered with completing his recognition , thus his mind and body did not properly develop . '' 
 `` how long has thyzil been back on earth ? '' 
 `` most likely not longer than a normal human lifespan . 
 thyzil does not possess the knowledge of who he truly is , and now exists in a fragile state of guilt and pain while he ages as humans do . '' 
 `` will he be okay ? 
 can he complete recognition now ? '' 
 `` no one knows for sure azul . 
 ordinary zeshtunians normally recover and complete recognition , but thyzil is not ordinary . 
 he has great power , strength , and loves alura very much . 
 there has never been a zeshtunian warrior who possessed such a powerful love and not able to sort out their feelings before sleeping . 
 this situation is most unusual . '' 
 `` thank you kyiel . 
 i need some more alone time to think about all this , '' i said and dismissed him . 
 poor alura ... no wonder she was so upset . 
 what am i going say if the subject comes up ? 
 i decided to get some fresh air to clear my head . 
 i gave sally a pat on her head and told her to watch the place while i stepped out to explore the neighborhood . 
 it will take a few days rest to get her strength back , so taking her on a long walk was out of the question . 
 sally wagged her tail , but stayed put on the floor in silent gratitude for my not suggesting she accompany me . 
 i put the credit card alura left for me in my wallet and looked up at the light pole where the watcher was sitting earlier . 
 it was n't there , which made me feel less creepy about the whole bird stalking thing . 
 things were quite busy for a weekend morning . 
 people were carrying shopping bags , eating lunch at sidewalk cafes , and cabbies drove too fast while constantly honking their horns at anything with two feet . 
 best of all , there was warm sunshine and a perfect blue sky . 
 i saw an old shoppe about a block from my apartment . 
 it looked out of place among skyscrapers and cement architecture . 
 i crossed the street to get a closer look , barely missing being run over by a couple of crazed cabbies . 
 one cabby even made a point to call me a jerk and raised his middle finger to emphasize his sincerity . 
 i smiled and waved . 
 `` have a wonderful day . 
 try not to run over anyone ... jerk . '' 
 the shoppe had real charm and displayed a hunter green colored wood sign hanging above the front door . 
 gold lettering with the words magical herbs and colored stars surrounding a blue moon adorned the top and sides . 
 the window display had various colored glass jars in different sizes and shapes filled with herbs . 
 several books titled up from small pedestals showing exquisite leather binding and artwork . 
 a bell rang from above the door when i opened it . 
 it was one of those small old fashion metal bells with a spring mechanism that rings when the door pushes it . 
 nice authentic touch . 
 incense laced the shoppe 's air , but it was a pleasant scent , not like the strong smells in candle shops at malls . 
 several round tables arranged in the center of the floor displayed products and bookcases at the back lined up like a library . 
 both sides of the room displayed more jars , cans , books , and jewelry . 
 a long enclosed glass counter was neatly placed along one wall and it reminded me of an old fashion candy store . 
 underneath the counter were all types of herbs neatly labeled and added more scents to the room . 
 on top was an antique cash register with numeric key levers to record sales . 
 a few customers were casually eyeing items on the round tables and another was completing a purchase . 
 an attractive girl wearing a peasant style outfit with a white bun hat tied in a bow under her chin added to the authentic atmosphere . 
 she had long wavy red hair pulled back into a pony tail and possessed a perfect smile and had gleaming emerald eyes . 
 `` come back again soon ma’am , '' the girl said , handing her customer a bag and sales brochure , then she greeted me . 
 `` hello sir , may i help you ? '' 
 `` well , this is my first time here . 
 my name is daniel , '' i said and extended my hand to shake . 
 `` hi , i 'm melony , '' she said and shook my hand , her face beaming with a big smile . 
 `` i have never been in a place like this before melony . 
 perhaps you could suggest a gift , but i only have a credit card , '' i said , looking at the antique register which predated anything electronic . 
 melony took an electronic card reader from under the register and said , `` technology is a friend to us city merchants , '' then laughed . 
 `` perhaps your friend would enjoy some organic herbs to make tea . 
 everything you see here is all natural . 
 there are no pesticides or anything bad . '' 
 `` i 'll buy of whatever you suggest . '' 
 melony placed a colorful bag on the counter and said , `` i think your friend will love this one . 
 it 's my favorite tea . '' 
 i handed melony my credit card and she ran it through the electronic reader . 
 a few seconds later told me that i had an open account with no restrictions . 
 `` really ? 
 an account , and with no restrictions ? '' 
 `` yes , it was set up a few weeks ago by someone named alura . 
 she has your name listed on the account also , so you do n't even need to use your credit card . 
 all your purchases get billed to a bank clearing house for payment . '' 
 melony reached behind the counter and pulled out a shoe box sized package neatly wrapped with colored ribbons . 
 `` this package is for you daniel , and it 's already paid for . '' 
 i moved my eyebrows up in surprise , took the box , and shook it . 
 melony was amused by my behavior and giggled . 
 `` i guess you have a secret admirer . '' 
 `` looks like , '' i said . 
 `` well , thank you melony , and it was a pleasure to meet you . '' 
 `` the pleasure 's all mine daniel . 
 please come back again soon . '' 
 after leaving the shoppe , i stood on the sidewalk inspecting the box more closely and shook it again while listening if a ticking noise could be heard . 
 i guess i 've been a little paranoid lately , especially with wolfs trying to eat me . 
 not likely someone would put a bomb in a box of herbs , but then again , i never thought i 'd ever fight lycanthropes in an iraq desert . 
 i shook the box again , just to be sure . 
 my attention shifted to a light pole where i heard a caw . 
 sitting on the pole was that creepy crow tilting in its head and starring at me . 
 it reminded me of one of edgar allen poe 's stories , but i could not recall which one . 
 no matter , spooky is spooky , whether in a book or on top of a light pole . 
 i thought for a moment to zap the bird with a bolt of lightening , and might have done it too if there were n't so many people around . 
 i wonder if there is a city ordinance prohibiting stoning crows that loiter around on city property , which would be less attention grabbling by a passersby than bolts of lightening . 
 nah , perish the thought . 
 maybe it 's not a watcher and just a lost bird ... yea , right . 
 what was also strange is that no one seemed to notice the bird or a six foot 190 pound man looking up at a light pole from the middle of a sidewalk . 
 i guess new yorkers are use to seeing weird things . 
 this sight was probably mild to nothing on the meter of strange things in manhattan . 
 anyway , alura did say watchers were harmless despite looking like some sort of hell pet . 
 as i got closer to my apartment , i felt my necklace amulet emit a slight vibration and the hairs on my neck stood up . 
 i pulled my amulet out from under my shirt and saw it was glowing . 
 that ca n't be good . 
 i stopped about 100 feet from my apartment where a black mercedes with dark tinted windows was parked . 
 i kept an eye on the sweet ride while approaching my front door and the passenger side window of the car rolled down . 
 a young man leaned forward and called out to me . 
 `` mr. zane . 
 please , a moment of your time sir , '' the man said . 
 i walked closer to the car and got a whiff of wolf , and remembered that magical clamor does n't work in close proximity to wizards . 
 `` mr. zane , my name is robert moon . 
 i represent a client who i believe you recently meant . '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` oh , let me take a wild guess ... lupzarro ? 
 moon smiled and nodded his head . 
 `` you should advise your client concerning laws about stalking people , especially by the wolfy kind . '' 
 `` stalking ? 
 hardly mr. zane . 
 we are simply having a polite conversation on a public street among many of the fine residents of this great city . 
 there is no reason for any hostility to occur . '' 
 `` so , what does your client want to tell me ? '' 
 `` mr. lupzarro wishes to express his sincerest apologies for the recent misunderstanding that occurred in iraq . '' 
 `` misunderstanding ? 
 oh , you mean when he and his wolf buddies tried to eat me ? '' 
 `` nonsense mr. zane . 
 you clearly have misinterpreted my client 's wishes . 
 all he wants is to be left alone and enjoy this great city without being harassed . '' 
 `` lupzarro is here , in manhattan ? 
 well that 's the worse news i 've heard all day . '' 
 `` come now mr. zane . 
 surely your kind and ours can live in peace . 
 it would be in your best interest to have an understanding with my client . 
 he worries for your safety and that of your sister should things get out of control . '' 
 `` my sister ? 
 it 's bad enough that you come to my place of business uninvited , and now you threaten my sister ? '' 
 moon frowned while his eyes lit up yellow and whoever was driving let out a low growl . 
 moon looked forward and instructed the driver to be still , like one might do when a dog sees a postman delivering mail . 
 moon looked back at me and his eyes returned to a grayish color . 
 `` think about my client 's proposal mr. zane . 
 everyone would benefit from an understanding that promotes peace among our kinds , however , i must inform my client of your answer before the end of business hours tomorrow , say 5:00 pm . '' 
 moon held out a business card for me to take , but i stood back from his car . 
 he grinned , then dropped his card on the sidewalk . 
 `` very well mr. zane . 
 i 'll wait for your decision . 
 remember , no later than 5:00 pm tomorrow . '' 
 moon sat back in his seat and instructed the driver to leave . 
 i noticed the license plate spelled out law-win . 
 i half expected bite-me , or more appropriately , bite-u as a vanity plate . 
 i picked up the business card from the sidewalk and it read : robert moon , senior partner of moon , stillman , and kragen . 
 figures , the freakin wolf being chaffered around in a $ 100,000 mercedes is a lawyer . 
 i thought moon 's car would be more appropriate for a vampire because the look of luxury and dark tinted windows just did n't suit these fur balls . 
 maybe a gypsy wagon would provide a more authentic look , given how werewolves are often portrayed in hollywood movies . 
 after the air cleared of wolf stench , i opened my apartment door and saw sally sitting hunched over looking right past me where moon was parked , as if planning to attack . 
 i locked the door and a blue-white light glowed along the frames of the door and window rearming my wards . 
 `` hey sally , did you miss me ? 
 you did n't like those nasty wolves , did you ? '' 
 sally wagged her tail while rubbing her head on my hand . 
 i bent down and gave her my usual hug and she proceeded to slobber all over my face with her usual affection . 
 `` do n't worry sally , the bad guys are gone , '' i said , then told her how much better she smelled than those stinky fur balls . 
 i settled down on my couch and opened the box from magical herbs . 
 it was filled with purple flowers that smelled like marijuana . 
 not that i use the drug -- i do n't -- but i occasionally came across a student who reeked of it at the university . 
 must be wolfsbane . 
 the herb had a much stronger smell and different color than what we used when fighting lupzarro 's flea bags . 
 sally sneezed and went to her usual spot next to the fireplace not wanting anything more to do with the herbs . 
 `` yea , i know what you mean sally , '' i said and covered the box , then placed it on the floor . 
 it was already after 4:00 pm and normally i 'd be hungry by now , but felt a short nap was needed first . 
 i stretched out on the couch to relax for a few minutes , but soon fell asleep . 
 sally woke me with a muffled bark and was wagging her tail at the front door . 
 my watch showed it was 6:50 pm , which meant that i was asleep for almost three hours . 
 i heard the deadbolt on the door turn and saw my wards disarm . 
 alura walked wearing a big smile and was carrying several large shopping bags . 
 `` looks like someone had a nice day shopping ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` everyday is a nice day when shopping , '' alura replied with a big smile and a glow about her . 
 `` hey , your eyes are puffy . 
 were you sleeping ? 
 i hope you did n't waste the entire day lying on the couch . '' 
 i did n't want alura to know the extent of my outside venture was one shop around the corner , so i told a small fib . 
 `` of course not , i actually did a lot of things toady . '' 
 `` really , like what ? '' 
 she asked and sat next to me on the couch . 
 `` well ... a lot of things . '' 
 alura smiled and held up her phone showing a message : ` package picked up , come again soon , magical herbs shoppe ' . 
 she stood up and let out a big laugh while taking things out of her bags . 
 `` wonderful , i not only have a creepy bird following me , but apparently my sister as well . '' 
 `` relax azul , your phone does the same thing . 
 we both have sarila designed smartphones , remember ? 
 they have a built in gps and either of us can see where the other is anytime , and we get each others messages . '' 
 i pulled my phone out of my pocket , and sure enough , i had the same message from magical herbs . 
 `` funny , ha-ha , '' i said and alura grinned . 
 `` now that you had your fun , perhaps you can tell me about the law firm of moon , stillman , and kragen ? '' 
 alura stopped shuffling things in her shopping bags and made a sour face . 
 `` lycanthropes , and they own one of the most prestigious law firms in the city . '' 
 i held moon 's business card up and alura said , `` ah , had a visitor did you ? '' 
 `` yup , sure did . 
 moon wanted to deliver a message of peace from lupzarro . '' 
 alura grinned . 
 `` that was to be expected azul . 
 moon represents all the lycanthropes in the city and most on the entire eastern seaboard . 
 he can be a dangerous enemy if paid enough , otherwise , he and his partners are content becoming rich by getting criminals acquitted for murder , drugs , prostitution , and all sorts of evil things . '' 
 `` well , apparently i have until 5:00 pm to tell him if i agree to a truce with lupzarro , or else . '' 
 `` or else what ? '' 
 `` wolf boy did n't say , but he mentioned your name in an implied threat . '' 
 `` ha , he 's threatened me before . 
 moon prefers to avoid our kind whenever possible because he knows we can dust him . '' 
 alura tapped the top of the box of herbs i placed on the floor and said , `` hence the wolfsbane dear brother , '' then informed me that there would be a full moon tomorrow night . 
 `` lupzarro will make his move when the moon is up -- that 's when lycanthropes are strongest . 
 he will be more discrete in manhattan than he was in iraq , which unfortunately puts us at a disadvantage . 
 a lycanthropes greatest power is remaining allusive and existing only in nightmares of children , so he 'll be able to move around freely and pick where and when he attacks . '' 
 `` yea , i wish they were only nightmares , '' i said . 
 alura laughed . 
 `` you ai n't seen nothing yet brother , not even in your dreams . 
 lupzarro will send a handful of lower level soldier wolfs under the control of one or two shapeshifters . 
 it wo n't be here at your apartment -- that 's too obvious . 
 maybe at a mall or office building , but definitely someplace where the police and media can whip up a story about terrorists being responsible . 
 we wo n't know where he attacks until it begins , or if sarila comes up with some intel in advance . '' 
 `` great ... does that mean my house warming is over ? '' 
 alura smiled and took my hand . 
 she reminded me that lycanthropes have been among us for nearly as long as man first walked on the earth . 
 `` it has always been this way azul -- dark versus light -- and we do what we can to keep the world from spinning out of control . 
 evil acts are going to increase as the darkzon lords get closer to earth , as it does at the beginning of every 25,000 year cycle . '' 
 alura smiled , then pulled me toward the shopping bags . 
 `` come on brother . 
 take a look at what i bought for you . '' 
 she shuffled around inside one of the bags and took out a bomber style leather jacket and indiana jones type felt hat . 
 both fit perfectly and were a style i could easily become accustomed to wear . 
 i confess though that i thought the hat was somewhat a cliché , being a former archeologist , and could n't say when i last saw anyone wearing one outside a dig site , including . 
 even so , the hat looked great with the jacket , and i was never one to abide by strict fashion trends . 
 `` do you like them ? '' 
 she asked , watching my expression for a sign of approval . 
 i smiled and hugged her . 
 `` yes , i like them a lot . 
 you 're the best . 
 thank you . '' 
 `` i knew you would , and that 's not all . 
 tonight we are going to dine on the best home delivered chinese food in the city , '' she said while taking out several containers of spicy treats . 
 alura and i ate our dinner while sally sat patiently for anything that fell to the floor . 
 nothing did , so we each took turns sharing pieces of tasty morsels with her , and she expressed her gratitude with a thumping tail . 
 the evening passed uneventfully , thank goodness , and we decided to get some rest for the upcoming fight . 
 tomorrow night would be when lupzarro makes his move and we had to be at our very best . 
 chapter 13 i 'm getting use to my medieval style lab and find it more relaxing . 
 the city sounds of cars honking and buses rolling by are completely blocked out making uninterrupted sleep a welcomed retreat . 
 when i wanted to really chill out , i 'd sit in my lab , close my eyes , and let the troubles of the day melt away . 
 the pentagram was had become an ordinary fixture now and fit in with my wizardry lifestyle . 
 my lab had an alarm too , and waking up was an entirely different experience than in my bedroom . 
 instead of environmental music gradually building up with amber light , the wall adjoining my bedroom disappeared and another magical window appeared . 
 this time there was no roster like back on keob . 
 instead , there were horses galloping outside what sounded like the sioux nation in a battle with general custer . 
 honestly , what in the world was i thinking when creating these annoying alarms ... and what happened to the wonderful music from last time ? 
 granted , alarms are designed to be somewhat annoying to get sleepyheads like me out of bed . 
 no matter , because rosters and horses are on the delete list when i figure out how it works . 
 the smell of eggs and bacon cooking got my attention , so i knew alura had let herself in . 
 she told me her apartment was located a short distance uptown . 
 i have n't yet seen it , but it 's on my list of things to do . 
 being my sister , it seemed only right to have big brother check her place out , and eat her food for a change . 
 sally was waiting for me when i came out from the lab . 
 she jumped up placing her paws on my shoulders , nearly knocking me over , and starting licking my face . 
 the pleasant smell of breakfast that had filled the air turned into bad breath reeking from dog biscuits and a variety of other less than appealing foods . 
 `` remind me to teach you how to use a tooth brush sally , '' i said , which only made her lick my face harder . 
 `` hey there lazy bones . 
 if you 're nice , i 'll let you have some breakfast , '' alura said , pointing a ketchup tube at me . 
 otherwise ... '' `` i surrender el capitán , '' i said with my hands raised in defeat . 
 `` glad to see you 're in such a happy mood given that lupzarro is planning to have us torn into pieces tonight . '' 
 alura smiled . 
 `` okay , be that way if you want , but i 'm going to enjoy this breakfast with or without you . '' 
 alura lifted a plate in the air moving it side to side and closed her eyes while taking a long deep sniff . 
 `` yummy ... a healthy body is a healthy mind , '' she said and then sat at the table grinning at me . 
 `` i believe you got that backwards sister . 
 it 's a ` healthy mind is a healthy body ' . '' 
 alura smirked . 
 `` whatever professor , but if you do n't sit down and eat , i 'm giving your share to sally , '' she said , causing sally to wag her tail and watch more intensely for an opportunity to eat my breakfast . 
 `` sally , tell your papa to give you some of his breakfast . '' 
 i gave sally a piece of bacon . 
 `` be patient with your auntie alura . 
 she 's a known instigator and disturber of the peace . '' 
 alura smirked again and pushed her tongue against her check , about to respond , but i got the jump on her . 
 `` you see sally , some people have little manners when visiting the home of others . 
 not everyone uses hungry animals as a wedge to make a point . '' 
 i waited for alura 's comeback , but instead of witty sarcasm , she put her thumb to her nose , stuck out her tongue , and waved her fingers at me . 
 i pretended not to see her and put sally 's breakfast into her bowl . 
 when i sat down at the table , i stared at the food without eating . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 alura asked . 
 `` nothing i hope . 
 i 'm just waiting to see if sally survives your cooking before risking it myself . '' 
 alura arched her eyebrow . 
 `` are n't you the funny wizard this morning . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` well , sally is still standing , so i guess i 'll give it a try , '' i said and alura replied with another stuck out tongue and wag of her fingers . 
 huh ... not bad . 
 food always does seem to taste better when someone else cooks it . 
 `` so , what 's the plan ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` same as last time . 
 load up and kill the lycanthropes . '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` okay , that 's a simple but good plan , despite having no specific plans and an element of likely doom . '' 
 `` you 'll need to replenish your wizard bag . 
 kyiel can help you with the needed spells . 
 it wo n't take more than a couple hours to make them . 
 we 'll also need wolfsbane , which is why magical herbs had that package ready to go . '' 
 `` how did you know i 'd stop at magical herbs ? '' 
 `` come on azul . 
 a shoppe around the corner from your apartment with a large celtic sign saying magical herbs ... duh , what wizard could resist such a place ? '' 
 she had a point . 
 the shoppe was unique and near impossible to miss . 
 alura was cleaver and had a sense of humor only a brother could love , but predicting where i 'd walk is a bit too cleaver . 
 how did she know i would walk in the direction toward magical herbs ? 
 `` wizards tend to travel north when having do directional preference , '' she said . 
 `` something to do with magnetic fields . 
 no one knows for certain . 
 i 'm sure you were just thinking about that , right ? '' 
 `` maybe , and maybe not '' i said , stiffening up my posture , unwilling to give alura the pleasure of knowing she was right , but she knew she was and grinned . 
 we finished our breakfast and alura filled me in on lupzarro 's history . 
 she told me he had his hands in many businesses , especially in manhattan , ranging from restaurants to multibillion dollar corporations . 
 he even owned some stock of zwc , not enough to have any influence , but still owned some just the same . 
 in other corporations , however , he owned substantial shares of stock and had lycanthropes sitting on boards and others in powerful political positions . 
 recently , the various lycanthrope packs had begun to jockey for dominance by making headlines reflecting their vicious nature . 
 alura told me several times before that things would get worse as the darkzon lords got closer to earth . 
 once here , the darkzon would destroy all of their dark agents except for the strongest , those who demonstrated dominance above all their own kind . 
 as bad as lycanthropes are , there are more dangerous dark creatures that soon would respond to the influence of the darkzon -- i suppose that creates job security for wizards . 
 lupzarro is a relatively young member of his pack . 
 records show he is only a couple thousand years old and born from royalty , at least among wolf types . 
 this was his time to prove himself among all the packs , or be killed by them . 
 failing to eliminate alura and me tonight would be seen as weakness and his furry pals would kill him . 
 if this happened , the packs would start warring among themselves for dominance and leave behind countless human casualties as a new alpha rose to the top of the fur ball heap . 
 contrary to myths , lycanthropes are not created from a wolf bite as are their lower level four legged soldiers . 
 being a lycanthrope meant you were born a lycanthrope . 
 these creatures actually have babies , or pups , that learn shape shifting as early as 12 in human years . 
 until then , young fur balls are raised by their packs in remote corners of the world while learning how to blend in with mankind . 
 lycanthropes do n't consider humans only as a primary food source like vampire clans do -- they also killed for sport . 
 to avoid detection , they developed an appetite for store bought meats to help supply their dietary needs . 
 during full moons , however , lycanthropes ca n't hold back their animal instincts and will hunt , mostly homeless or isolated people living in remote areas . 
 `` this fight will be different from the one in iraq , '' alura said . 
 `` lupzarro may have human mercenaries with ak-47s and other military hardware to back up his wolf soldiers . 
 the whole point tonight is to draw us out and kill us in a very public way . 
 everything else is just collateral damage . '' 
 alura grimaced . 
 `` azul , people will die tonight brother . 
 all we might be able to do is try to stop a lot of people from dying , '' she said , then paused for a moment while nervously tapping her fork . 
 `` sarila is tracking all known lycanthropes and any unusual activity among their packs . 
 we need to be ready for her call because everything will happen fast once lupzarro begins his hunt . '' 
 being an agent of light bore a heavy weight of responsibility , especially for wizards . 
 i understood this and how important wizards are to humanity . 
 still , the unknown element of what was coming stirred up fear in me . 
 anger was also present , and i 'd be counting heavily on it tonight to keep me motivated . 
 `` summon kyiel and get the spells prepared . 
 each time you use magic , your memory of who you are will strengthen , '' alura said , then headed toward the front door . 
 `` i 'll be back before sunset . 
 for now , i need to get a few things and check in with sarila . '' 
 sally gave a gentle woof while thumping her tail against the floor , causing alura to smile . 
 `` bye sally , see you soon sweetheart , '' she said and shut the door . 
 sally must have seen alura 's departure as an opportunity to go for a walk . 
 she got up and stretched , then walked over to her leash hanging on a wall peg . 
 i clipped the leash to her collar and she led the way outside to take care of her business . 
 as i locked the door behind me , i checked to see if the hell pet crow was watching . 
 nope , no annoying bird in sight . 
 things appeared normal , as far as normal goes for a city filled with monsters lurking in shadows . 
 after walking a couple of blocks , sally and i headed back to our apartment and passed the magical herbs shoppe . 
 i looked into the shop and saw melony smiling and waving at me . 
 i smiled and waved back as she finished ringing up a customer purchase . 
 melony motioned with her hand to come in , so i poked my head into the shoppe . 
 `` can sally come in too ? '' 
 melony looked down at sally and let out a soft laugh , like when people sometimes do when seeing a new baby . 
 `` oh my gosh , how cute . 
 sure sally can come in . 
 you both are always welcome here . '' 
 for a brief moment , i thought i saw an unusually large white aurora surrounding melony , but decided it was probably a reflection from the sun light coming through the window . 
 sally 's tail wagged as she towed me behind the counter to greet melony . 
 `` oh my , you are such a beautiful girl , are n't you ? '' 
 melony said and hugged sally . 
 `` yes you are . 
 you 're a sweet girl , and i see you 're taking daniel out for a walk . '' 
 i smiled and nodded while melony gave a herbal treat to sally , who showed her gratitude by making a couple woofs . 
 `` i have something for you daniel . '' 
 `` another package so soon ? '' 
 `` yes , but this one is from me welcoming you to the neighborhood . '' 
 melony handed me a small package of white colored powder . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 `` it 's for you and sally . 
 just sprinkle a pinch into your coffee , water , or on your food each day to promote good health and long life . 
 my customers love it and it 's our most popular product . '' 
 `` thank you melony . 
 we 'll give it a try , '' i said . 
 `` magical powder you say , '' i said , then gave it a couple of sniffs . 
 `` good health is always magical daniel . '' 
 another customer walked up and placed some items of the counter . 
 i smiled and said goodbye , not wanting to take any more of melony 's time while she worked . 
 `` how about that sally . 
 looks like we both made a new friend . '' 
 sally looked back through the shop window and woofed to concur with my assessment . 
 a few minutes later we were back at my apartment and i unlocked the door , disarming my wards . 
 i realized then that sally would also need an amulet to protect her in case she ever crossed the threshold without me one day . 
 i 'll put this task on top of my list should i survive the werewolf fest tonight . 
 given the situation , i was relatively relaxed . 
 with about six hours of daylight remaining , i had plenty of time to complete the spells and replenish my wizard bag for the fight . 
 `` aptier kyiel , '' i said and my molecular buddy appeared . 
 `` shall we get started , '' kyiel asked . 
 `` what , no hello or how was your day ? '' 
 `` how was you day azul ? '' 
 he 's learning . 
 i knew kyiel had no emotions , but alura was right , he can learn . 
 `` fine , thank you kyiel , and yes let us get things ready . '' 
 kyiel , not having a solid form , walked straight through the wall leading to my lab . 
 i followed him after saying , `` entrunezum , '' which made the wall disappear for corporeal beings like myself . 
 `` okay , where do we begin ? '' 
 kyiel told me i needed four spells : one for invisibility , one for transporting , one for freezing time , and one to charge up my defense magic . 
 charging up my defenses sounded like a darn good idea . 
 invisibility and freezing time ... well , that 's way beyond cool . 
 `` the powers in your amulets are limitless -- your mortal body is not , '' kyiel said . 
 `` you will become exhausted if too much magic is used during your current state of recognition . 
 when this happens , only a long rest or casting a defense spell will restore energy to your body for channeling magic . 
 understand azul , spells only work for the wizard who creates them , so if you can bring anyone with you during a transportation spell , they must be in physical contact with you -- otherwise , they will be left behind . '' 
 too bad kyiel has no physical form , because if he did , i could watch him make the spells . 
 the last time i worked with anything like this was in a high school chemistry lab , and after blowing out the windows and creating a small fire , i swore off working with anything that involved such experiments . 
 but that was then and this is now . 
 i guess there 's no substitute for a hands-on approach to things , even magic , and hoped my new lab would not be destroyed . 
 kyiel pointed out which items to take that were stored in various jars . 
 first was a single clear crystal about the size of a dime . 
 he instructed me to place the crystal in a small bowl on the table and slowly crush it . 
 `` wow , i have n't seen a morter and pestle like this since watching old movies as a kid . 
 it 's an antique you know . '' 
 `` i suppose it is , and it works as well as it did thousands of years ago , '' kyiel said . 
 `` i stand corrected . 
 it 's much older -- an artifact actually . '' 
 after grinding the crystal down into powder , kyiel instructed me to add three drops of liquid from another jar and mix it into the powdered crystal . 
 when this was done , he then told me to search my mind for the correct magical words to use . 
 i closed my eyes and concentrated while images of words and letters streamed past in my mind . 
 slowly the images faded leaving three words , and when i opened my eyes , i said , `` trans parda viota . '' 
 a blue-white light emerged from the center of the mixed powder and began swirling with increasing intensity . 
 a few seconds later , there was a crackle sound and flash of light , then the powder transformed into a coin shaped object . 
 `` so , this is how those magic coins are made , '' i said . 
 there was a symbol on the center of the coin that i did n't recognize . 
 i asked kyiel what it meant and he told me it represented the magic spell for invisibility . 
 `` magic symbols are part of the ancient zeshtunian language and are drawn out from universal elements of a wizard 's internal magic , '' kyiel said , and then he instructed me to place the magic coin in my wizard bag . 
 the items needed to complete the next three spell came from different jars containing various small crystals : blue for transporting , green for strengthening defenses , and grey for freezing time . 
 `` about freezing time ... is n't such magic against one of the rules ? 
 it seems to me anything affecting a timeline could have dire consequences . '' 
 `` one may not alter temporal time azul . 
 it is , as you say , against the rules . 
 you may not risk undoing what has already been done . 
 any attempt to alter the past will destroy the wizard who attempts such magic , however , this spell does not change or interfere with time . 
 when cast , the spell speeds up a wizard 's relationship to time by making everything near him appear to be standing still . 
 while the spell only lasts for a few seconds , it is those seconds when life and death decisions might be made . '' 
 `` really ? 
 everything around me stands still ? '' 
 `` that is correct . 
 your body , staff in hand , and personal items on your body will be unaffected by the spell within a short range of space . 
 other objects near you will remain frozen , unmovable , and unchangeable . '' 
 `` sounds like a rather handy spell should i get myself into a pinch . 
 okay , not a real time spell . 
 it 's a freezing things around me spell -- got it . 
 how does the defense spell work ? '' 
 `` simply place a green defense coin on the ground and crush it while saying the word ` relesa ' . 
 when the coin breaks , it immediately channels magic through your amulets to provide maximum defense and energy . 
 keep in mind that spells are temporary and that magic stored in coin form last only for a few months of the shelf . '' 
 apparently , my amulets were like super batteries . 
 the more i used magic , the quicker the power drained . 
 i recalled feeling very tired after battling lupzarro 's wolfs in iraq , and that involved only night vision and one transportation spell to keob . 
 `` so , the defense spell is used when i feel like falling asleep ? '' 
 `` you will know when the time comes as such decisions are instinctive to wizards , '' kyiel replied , then he noted there was an exception . 
 `` transportation spells works much like a gps . 
 to cast the spell , you must first make a pentagram and place the coin in the middle before crushing it . 
 the pentagram can be made from anything , such as sticks , rocks , drawing , or anything else able to form a circle . 
 once completed , it acts like a compass . '' 
 that explains the chalk i have in my wizard bag , which seemed odd until now . 
 `` yea , i know about this spell . 
 back in iraq , i drew a pentagram in the dirt with the end of my staff and it worked fine . 
 alura and i were able to transport back to keob before lupzarro 's wolf soldiers had a chance to tear our throats out . 
 okay , what 's next ? '' 
 kyiel instructed me to repeat creating the spells two more times so i 'd have a total of three coins for each spell . 
 i did as instructed and he asked if i had any questions . 
 `` actually , i do have one question . 
 why is it that everything involving magic results has a blue and white light ? 
 why not yellow , purple , or green with red stripes ? '' 
 `` do you recall what we were wearing in your visions of zeshtune ? '' 
 `` sure , we wore white robes and with blue sashes . 
 see , that 's my point . 
 why is everything blue and white ? '' 
 `` these are the zeshtune colors for peace and friendship . 
 what other color combinations do you think would be chosen by a race that discovered magic ? '' 
 `` zeshtunians discovered magic ... for real ? '' 
 `` our race was the first to harness white magic for promoting peace and friendship . 
 is there anything else i can do for you azul ? '' 
 `` nope , that covers everything for now . '' 
 `` very well , '' kyiel said , then he bowed and disappeared . 
 with twelve magical coins tucked away in my wizard bag , i headed out into the living room to wait for alura . 
 sally was still lying at her favorite spot and found enough strength to wag her tail twice , but did n't move her head . 
 i said good morning and let her continue resting . 
 only a few hours of daylight remained and alura said she 'd be back before sunset . 
 there was nothing to do now but wait , so i took a can of beer from the refrigerator and wondered how the night might unfold . 
 i began to draw a mental image in my head of what moon would look like with my staff pushed up his nose -- that thought put a big smile on my face . 
 hmm ... i wonder if the fur ball is sharpening his teeth and grooming his tail . 
 chapter 14 sally finally showed some life and wagged her tail while looking at the door , so i knew alura was back . 
 the deadbolt unlocked and my wards disarmed . 
 `` hey brother , ready to play whack the wolfy ? '' 
 `` hello there , i was hoping you would be here sooner than later . 
 do n't really want to face the beasties all by myself . '' 
 alura was dressed in dark fatigues without weapons , which meant her porsche was chock-full of things that go boom . 
 `` is this your casual war-day look ? '' 
 `` just for a couple more hours , '' she said , went to the kitchen for an apple , and then sat next to me on the couch . 
 `` so , what did you find out from sarila ? '' 
 `` nothing yet , only typical chatter on cell phones , and things have gotten much quieter in the past hour . 
 i assume kyiel has tutored you in the fine arts of spell casting ? '' 
 `` you know it . 
 i have 12 magic coins tucked neatly away in my magic bag of tricks , '' i said with an accomplished smile and tapped my wizard bag `` good boy , you 're such a good wizard . '' 
 `` when do you think lupzarro will make his move ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` it might take a few hours after the moon rises before we receive any actionable information . 
 time is clearly on lupzarro 's side , and he 'll choose when , where , and his victims . 
 there is nothing we could do but wait . '' 
 i reached over to the coffee table and picked up moon 's business card facing it toward alura . 
 `` why wait ? 
 want to go for a ride ? '' 
 alura smiled . 
 `` heck yea , beats sitting around waiting for lupzarro to make the first move . 
 if nothing else , we can shake things up by letting him know we 're ready . '' 
 `` well alright then little sister , let 's roll . '' 
 alura grinned all the way as she drove to moon 's office building . 
 i could see the wheels turning in her head making battle plans , or maybe fantasizing about kicking moon 's fury butt . 
 twenty minutes later we arrived in swanky uptown manhattan . 
 meh ... not impressed . 
 alura parked her porsche in a lot of a tall modern skyscraper . 
 it was one of those typical sterile buildings , probably designed by a rising star architecture , but to me it looked like a tall shoebox with lots of windows . 
 `` we need to hide our amulets out of sight because of the silver , '' alura said . 
 `` moon 's security will not let anything that is unusual or with metal properties get through . '' 
 makes sense having a deadly allergy to silver would make wolves jittery . 
 alura pulled her necklace amulet out from under her shirt and held it in her hand , palm up at me . 
 `` you need to cast a clamor spell azul . 
 my magic is not strong enough , not even on keob . '' 
 `` you mean invisibility ? '' 
 `` no , not an invisibility spell . 
 we want them to see us coming , just not our amulets . 
 a clamor spell will hide objects that you touch , including our amulets . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid kyiel did n't teach me that one . '' 
 `` that 's because he does n't need to teach it . 
 it 's like riding a bike . 
 once the spell is learned , you never forget it , except perhaps during very early stages of recognition , but you can recall how to cast the spell by concentrating . '' 
 `` magic without a magic coin ... okay , if you say so , but do n't get mad if one of your fingers disappears , figuratively speaking of course since you i wo n't be able to actually see your fingers . 
 alura smirked . 
 `` spare me the dry wit brother . '' 
 i placed one hand over alura 's amulet and another over mine , then closed my eyes to concentrate on the right magic words to use . 
 images and letters streamed across my mind and coalesced into two words that i spoke : `` cova nutra . '' 
 when i opened my eyes and loosened my hand , the amulets could not be seen , but i could feel them . 
 alura and i were completely visible , or non-clamored to be more precise . 
 `` cool trick , '' i said . 
 `` sure will be handy for hiding my beer and toast from you know who . '' 
 `` i still have a nose to smell toast and fingers to feel beer cans , but go ahead , knock yourself out mr. cheapo . '' 
 my staff was inside my pocket in coin form , so i guess we were ready to go . 
 alura stepped out of her car and walked toward the building , but i paused to look at the trunk . 
 `` hey , are n't you going to arm up with something ? 
 at least a wooden baseball bat , squirt gun filled with holy water , or anything pointy and sharp . '' 
 `` nope , it wo n't help here . 
 we 'll never get any of that past moon 's security . 
 only your innate magic can help us if we get into trouble , '' she said and added , `` at least i hope it will . '' 
 alura shook her head . 
 `` holy water ... really azul ? 
 there are no vampires here . 
 news flash brother -- holy water also does n't work on vampires either . '' 
 `` what about wooden stakes ? 
 do stakes kill vampires ? 
 `` ca n't kill something already dead . 
 if you stake a vampire , you 'll only leave a big hole in its chest and really piss it off . '' 
 i looked back again at alura 's porsche as we walked toward the building 's entrance . 
 `` hey , remind me to get a nice car when all this is over . '' 
 living in the area my apartment was located did n't really justify owning a car because everything was only steps away . 
 having my own car , on the other hand , would grant me easy access outside the city , like getting away from all the monsters to breathe fresh air in the countryside . 
 besides , my sister has a porsche and supposedly works for me at the zwc empire , which i have n't even visited . 
 it seems like my apartment and magical herbs has been the full extent of my exploring manhattan these past couple of days , but hey , i might get a chance to use a car one day -- who knows . 
 as we got closer to the front entrance , i saw at least a dozen surveillance cameras mounted on lamp posts and at corners of the building . 
 cameras were not the only thing watching us . 
 on a lamp post was my unwelcomed and annoying hell pet glaring at us . 
 it spread its wings and cawed , and i responded by giving the bird a bird , making sure my middle finger was high above my head so everyone watching could see . 
 `` what are you looking at you annoying pest ? '' 
 i said , resulting in a nudge from alura . 
 `` stay focused azul . 
 we 're about to enter a lycanthrope den . 
 most certainly it will be a trap . '' 
 `` yea , i figured it would be . 
 do we have health insurance at zwc ? '' 
 alura smirked . 
 `` get real . 
 if we ever need health insurance , it will be too late . '' 
 `` why is that ? '' 
 `` because dear brother , we 'll be dead . '' 
 `` well that 's not a very good health plan . 
 i 'm guessing there is no dental either . '' 
 alura gave me one of her looks that essentially said ` duh ' . 
 we entered a revolving door leading to a metal detector where two armed security guards and an unfriendly dog were waiting . 
 it was a real dog , german sheppard , not a wolfy beast . 
 i narrowed my eyes to see if either guard had a non-human aura around them and was pleased to see a thin veil of white light around them -- good , they 're human . 
 one of the guards placed a plastic tray on a table in front of us . 
 `` please place all your metal objects into the try and walk one at a time through the detector , '' a guard instructed . 
 alura and i placed our watches and phones into the tray and proceeded through the detectors while i held our clamored amulets . 
 after passing through satisfactorily , alura and i gathered our things from the tray and proceeded to a front desk where another armed guard was watching security monitors . 
 he also was human . 
 `` who are you here to see ? '' 
 the guard asked . 
 so far so good . 
 the guards were polite and professional . 
 i wondered if they knew their employer was a big bad wolf . 
 probably not , because if they did and still worked here , that would make them polite , professional , and completely nuts . 
 `` we 're here to see mr. moon , '' i said . 
 the guard looked back and forth at us and asked if we had an appointment . 
 `` no appointment , but moon will want to see us . 
 tell him that daniel zane from zane worldwide communications is here . '' 
 the guard gave alura a look up and down several times , undoubtedly curious about her military fatigues . 
 i smiled . 
 `` she works at the office in shipping , '' i said , causing the guard to raise his eyebrows as if he just heard the biggest lie ever , but he picked up the desk phone anyway to announce our presence . 
 `` mr. zane from zane worldwide communications is here with a young lady to see mr. moon . 
 yes sir , i 'll tell them . '' 
 the guard gave us another once over look , but did n't appear overly concerned . 
 `` someone will be down shortly to greet you both , '' he said , then told us to sit on a bench next to a wall . 
 while we were waiting , i noticed there was no company directory hung on any of the lobby walls . 
 there was , however , large chrome letters bolted to a wall spelling out moon , stillman , and kragen as attorneys at law . 
 i leaned in to alura and said , `` this entire building for a single law firm . 
 business must be very good . '' 
 alura arched her eyebrow and said , `` it would appear so , '' then grinned and shook her head in contempt . 
 several minutes passed before a man dressed in expensive business attire walked out of an elevator . 
 i could see a yellow aura around him and he smelt like a wet dog , so i knew it was one of lupzarro 's shapeshifters . 
 `` good evening mr. zane , '' he said . 
 `` mr. moon has been expecting you . 
 please , follow me , '' the fetch dog said , gesturing with his hand toward the elevator . 
 expecting us ? 
 that 's interesting ... and scary . 
 alura gave a look letting me know she was thinking the same thing . 
 moon had set a 5:00 pm deadline for me to accept a truce with lupzarro , and it was now 7:45 pm , way pass the deadline . 
 why was he expecting us ? 
 maybe he thinks i was stuck in traffic ... or maybe alura and i are on his dinner menu . 
 moon 's fetch dog walked pass the elevator he had previously exited to a door on the other side of the hallway . 
 it looked like a supply closet until he opened it revealing an electronic keypad and private elevator . 
 the lycanthrope entered a code and the elevator door opened . 
 we had to squeeze in because it was not big enough for the three of us , and instead of going up as i expected , the elevator went down . 
 `` where is this fire trap taking us ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` please be patient sir . 
 mr. moon 's office is located a few floors below the lobby . 
 he often conducts conferences there with clients and guests to provide the highest level of security . '' 
 yea , and to silence all his victims screaming . 
 i checked inside my pocket to be sure my staff was still there -- it was -- and i kept my hand on it ready to go as the hairs on the back of my neck stiffened . 
 when the elevator door opened , moon 's fetch dog gestured for alura and i to exit into a narrow and tastefully decorated hallway . 
 two more beasties wearing thousand dollar suits joined the pet parade . 
 these two were gorillas , not the kind in a zoo , but the kind you see at gyms and wonder how much steroids they took to look like gorillas . 
 we now had three lycanthropes leading us down the hallway to a certain trap . 
 alura 's magic skills were only modest at best , but she could fight like no one i 've ever seen , not even in movies . 
 hopefully she watched all those old bruce lee flicks and learned some hand-to-hand combat because all her weapons were left in the porsche . 
 what am i saying ? 
 these are werewolves ... large , ugly , smelly beasts with razor sharp teeth and a never ending appetite . 
 what chance do we have for surviving if they go all out on us ? 
 my feet kept walking , but my brain was telling me to run as we came to the end of the hallway . 
 moon 's fetch dog opened one of the two large doors with long brass handles and asked us to make ourselves comfortable . 
 `` mr. moon will be you shortly , '' he said and closed the door . 
 `` i 'd bet my last dollar , if i had one , those two gorillas are standing outside the door , '' i said . 
 `` i suppose it does n't matter much . 
 it 's not like we would get very far even if they were n't . '' 
 alura ignored my pessimism and began checking out the room . 
 it was a typical corporate business room with a long rectangle table surrounded by expensive leather chairs . 
 there was one chair at the head of the table where an insanely large photo of moon with two other legal eagles hung on the wall . 
 alura sat down on one of the chairs , put her feet up crossed on top of the table , and folded her hands behind her head staring at the portrait . 
 `` attorneys stillman and kragen i presume , '' alura said . 
 `` moon we already know . '' 
 `` comfy alura ? 
 does n't it bother you knowing three or more lycanthropes are outside those doors getting ready to make us their dinner ? '' 
 `` actually , i 'm wondering which of them i 'm going to kill first , '' she said , looking at me with a serious face until we both burst out laughing . 
 `` really ... is that the plan ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` we wait in this room , with no possible way to escape , and you 're contemplating which fur ball to kill first . '' 
 alura stood up and kissed me on my check . 
 `` come on brother , we 've been in tighter situations than this . 
 at least i think we have . 
 i mean we have survived for millenniums , so we must be pretty good at killing bad guys . '' 
 `` or , we got sliced , diced , and served as some wolf delicacy thousands of times , '' i said . 
 i heard a sound of metal clicking and knew the doors were being locked . 
 i tried to turn the doorknob -- yup , they 're locked . 
 i banged on the door and told the gorillas outside it was against the law to detain people , not to mention very rude . 
 a moment later , a large flat screen monitor lowered from the ceiling and turned on . 
 `` very nice to see you again mr. zane , but i am curious as to what your intentions are since my client 's truce proposal expired several hours ago . 
 please tell me why you have come to my office uninvited . 
 it would seem such a decision could be , well let us say , an unhealthy choice at this late hour . '' 
 `` well , you know what they say moony boy : it 's never too late to tidy up loose ends . '' 
 `` an interesting thought mr. zane , but please tell me what you believe will be the result of this predicament you have gotten yourself and your sister into . '' 
 moon was grinning , the kind of grin that tom the cat had when trapping jerry the mouse . 
 i 'll admit , the situation was grim and moon knew it , so i responded in the most careful possible way . 
 `` i was thinking of asking you to speak with lupzarro , you know , wolf to wolf , and stop any plans involving harming innocent people . 
 if that does n't work , well , i guess i 'd settle for blowing up your shinny new building and killing you fur balls . '' 
 moon 's eyes lit up bright yellow and his voice became deep and course . 
 perhaps the fur ball was caught off guard hearing a threat from someone he considered a trapped rat . 
 i grinned back at him and maintained eye contact hoping he might take me more seriously . 
 `` you are fifty feet below the surface . 
 no one can hear you nor can anyone save you . 
 this will be your last few moments on earth mr. zane , '' he said , his eyes turning back to grey , and his voice sounding more human . 
 `` please excuse me mr. zane , i digress . 
 it would be impolite for me to allow harm come to you and your lovely sister before my client has had a chance to bid you both farewell . '' 
 with those final words , the screen blinked showing the one and only , king of the manhattan lycanthropes , lupzarro . 
 `` hello ... hello there mr. zane . 
 i ca n't tell you how wonderful it is to see you again . 
 we departed so quickly the last time we met , i did n't have a chance to say goodbye . 
 too bad you would not accept the truce i wished to have between us . 
 it would have been the easy way to settle our differences , but since you have come to mr. moon 's office , you present me with a better choice . 
 better for me of course , not so good for you i 'm afraid . '' 
 `` look lupzarro , i 'm here only as a professional courtesy , a last attempt to see if you 'll listen to reason . 
 it 's quite simple . 
 if you back-off your plans for tonight , i 'll pretend we never met . 
 this assumes of course you remain a good wolf in the city . 
 the alternative is not as pleasing , i assure you . '' 
 `` yes , yes , i heard your threats issued to my attorney . 
 such nonsense is of no consequence , especially since you are ... how do humans say ... oh , yes ... trapped like rats in a cage . 
 but not all is lost mr. zane , not for a little while at least . 
 i have some entertainment for you and your sister to enjoy before things get messy in mr. moon 's board room . 
 please enjoy the show . 
 goodbye mr. zane . '' 
 the screen went black . 
 the ` show ' ... that does n't sound good . 
 i took my coin from my pocket and said , `` unclass staff . '' 
 the coin lifted into the air and turned into a blue-white swirl of color , and then changed into my staff . 
 the amulets on top of my staff , necklace , and ring all began to glow . 
 alura jumped off the chair and faced the door . 
 about ten seconds passed , which seemed like hours when waiting for monsters to kill you , then the monitor flickered . 
 we saw what looked like a train or underground subway terminal . 
 the image quality was grainy and in monochrome showing people moving around with others sitting on benches . 
 a subway car soon appeared from the tunnel and passed a platform . 
 alura looked at me and i saw fear in her eyes . 
 she then looked back at the screen and made tight fists . 
 `` he 's going to attack people in that subway , '' she said . 
 `` lupzarro 's going to kill those people . '' 
 `` do you know where this place is alura ? '' 
 `` no , but i know how to find out . 
 we need to call sarila . '' 
 `` call ... as in call using a cell phone needing a signal ? 
 we 'll never get any reception this deep underground . '' 
 alura took her phone out of her pocket and , sure enough , there was no signal . 
 she moved the phone close to her lips and said , `` keob . '' 
 the phone 's screen glowed brighter and began to ring . 
 `` not a normal phone brother , remember ? 
 sarila made these from magical elements . 
 they will work anywhere . '' 
 `` alura , fill me in my dear , '' sarila said . 
 `` later sarila . 
 right now i need you to lock in on the satellite feed coming from where i 'm located . 
 it 's probably a metropolitan subway camera somewhere in the city . '' 
 `` yes , certainly , '' sarila said , clearly hearing the urgency in alura 's voice . 
 `` give me a second ... got it . 
 it 's at terminal 57 at 32nd 50 west broad street . '' 
 `` azul and i are at moon 's office 50 feet below ground and things are about to get ugly . 
 we need boots on the ground at the terminal as soon as possible . 
 no time to waste . 
 people are about to be killed sarila , so please hurry . '' 
 chapter 15 sarila told alura she would get help right away and the phone transmission ended . 
 at that moment , alura 's eyes opened wide and she gasped . 
 i looked at the monitor where alura 's eyes were fixed and saw several wolves attacking people . 
 they were not shapeshifters , but the four legged wolf soldiers like those we fought in iraq . 
 people were screaming and running in a panic . 
 a few managed to get up the stairs leading out of the terminal , but several poor souls were being mauled to death . 
 a few moments later the victims stopped moving while the wolves continued dismembering their bodies . 
 alura hid her face in my chest , but i kept watching , feeling anger building up a swell of magical power in me . 
 alura must have sensed it because she stood back and stared at me . 
 `` azul , your eyes ... they 're blue . 
 they 're zeshtune eyes . '' 
 images and memories surged in my mind like a hurricane . 
 i was remembering things : zeshtune , battles , kyiel , thyzil , and the mayans . 
 i could remember everything now , at least what i believe was everything . 
 wind began to swirl around the room and tossed chairs into the air . 
 alura took shelter under the conference table . 
 i pointed my staff toward the doors and shouted words not used for thousands of years : `` raza zitum . '' 
 circular saws of blue-white light leapt out of my staff and spinned with razor sharp edges that hissed as they circled the room . 
 i moved my staff forward and shouted , `` aktum , '' and the saws exploded through the locked doors . 
 the lycanthropes on the other side were shredded into pieces and turned into burning ash so quick , they barely had a chance to yelp . 
 the saws buzzed around the hallway , and after not finding any more fur balls to chop up , they disappeared . 
 alura came out from under the table , still stunned by what had happened . 
 she gently placed her hand on my chest . 
 `` azul , '' she said , her voice quivering . 
 i was still looking ahead , eyes bright blue and my amulets were glowing . 
 i could n't hear alura because my mind was overwhelmed with anger and powerful magic . 
 `` azul , '' she said a little louder , and again i did n't respond . 
 `` brother , can you hear me ? '' 
 the wind began to quiet down as i turned to look at her . 
 my eyes turned brown again and my amulets stopped glowing . 
 i had released my anger without causing unnecessary destruction . 
 alura smiled . 
 `` azul , you did it . 
 you 've completed recognition . '' 
 we embraced . 
 `` i know alura , i know . '' 
 `` can you remember ? 
 do you remember zeshtune ? '' 
 `` yes , i think i remember everything . 
 come alura , we have work to do . 
 first we kill the wolves , and then we kill lupzarro and his attorneys . '' 
 i placed the tip of my staff on the elevator door , which caused a bright flash and snapping sound . 
 the door opened and we entered , then i looked at the ceiling and said , `` aktum . '' 
 my eyes turned blue again and my amulets glowed as the elevator moved upward . 
 it occurred to me that when the doors opened at the lobby , alura and i might be facing a couple of human guards who probably were just doing a regular job . 
 i reached into my wizard bag strapped under my coat and took out one of the white coins to cast an invisibility spell . 
 i took hold of alura 's hand and crushed the coin on the floor saying , `` relesa . '' 
 alura and i watched ourselves fade and disappear in the metal reflection of the elevator door . 
 when the door opened , the guards were at their post and only glance at what appeared to be an empty elevator . 
 alura and i quietly walked pass the guards and out of the building unnoticed until the revolving door spun . 
 the two guards close by looked at the spinning door and then at each other with blank expressions . 
 they could n't see us . 
 alura and i got into her porsche and the invisibility spell began to wear off . 
 i could see the outline of my hands and feet , but we were semi-transparent like a ghost . 
 alura raced her porsche to the west broad street subway terminal faster than i have ever seen her drive , but this time i did n't have any white knuckles . 
 i was as anxious as she was to take out lupzarro and his wolf pack . 
 `` lupzarro will be there watching somewhere in the dark , '' alura said . 
 `` he will join in on the hunt after his soldiers have their fill . 
 pack leaders are sadistic and find great pleasure watching their prey suffer before they themselves begin killing . '' 
 `` we 'll find lupzarro alura , i promise , and we 'll find his lap dog moony too in due time . 
 they will pay for what they have done , every last one of them . '' 
 alura screeched her car to a stop and double parked outside the subway terminal entrance . 
 the police had already cordoned off the area and several police officers were managing onlookers who gathered to see what all the commotion was about . 
 another officer was interviewing a witness and more police cars pulled in behind us . 
 we showed our press passes and were allowed to get as far as the officers guarding the stairs to the platform . 
 there were two more officers at the corner of the first stair platform peeking around corners with their guns drawn . 
 `` ca n't go down there , press or not , '' one officer said . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` some kind of animal , or more likely a nutcase who thinks he 's an animal . '' 
 `` really , how do you know that ? '' 
 `` the perpetrator keeps howling up and down the tunnels . 
 it 's some kind of freaky crazed killer loose down there . 
 witnesses say wolves attacked them . 
 you know what i think ? 
 it 's some kind of hypnotist freak playing with peoples minds . 
 one thing for sure , there is at least one victim below . 
 that 's all i can tell you . '' 
 `` thanks officer . 
 we 'll get out of your way , '' i said . 
 alura and i headed back to her car which was now blocked in by a number of police cars . 
 we sat inside to discuss what our next step would be realizing time was not on our side . 
 `` alura , do you know another way to the platform ? '' 
 `` no . 
 police will have cordoned off all the entrances up and down from this one by now . 
 we need to find a way in from here . '' 
 `` okay then . 
 we 'll get inside to the platform just like we got outside of moon 's office building . '' 
 `` hold on , '' alura said , then turned and kneeled on the drivers seat . 
 she pulled the rear back seat section off revealing an arsenal of weapons in a storage compartment and began grabbing the usual items : swords , pistols , grenades , and more . 
 `` these weapons must be on me when you cast the invisibility spell so they will be hidden . '' 
 it was interesting seeing just how flexible my little sister was as she maneuvered around inside a small car . 
 she quickly strapped the desert eagles to her legs , the grenade belt across her chest , and packed her pockets with .44 magnum clips . 
 then something interesting happened . 
 alura 's choice of weapons is her double edged 36 '' long silver swords . 
 there was not 36 '' of room in the entire porsche , and to my surprise , she twisted and turned in all kinds of ways that i thought humanly impossible . 
 alura let out an exhausted breath and said , `` i have to open my window to put the swords on my back . '' 
 the car windows were tinted dark to prevent outsiders from seeing inside . 
 if the window was opened , we 'd risked being discovered carrying a whole lot of weapons not covered by any weapon permit . 
 i mean , how many new yorkers carry grenades strapped across their chest ? 
 on second thought , do n't ask -- do n't tell . 
 alura reached inside the magical herbs gift box and took out some wolfsbane . 
 `` here , put this in your coat pocket , '' she said . 
 i decided to put wolfsbane in both pockets , to be double safe . 
 wolfsbane had the unique ability to throw off a lycanthrope 's sense of smell . 
 we used it when fighting against lupzarro in iraq and it drove his wolf soldiers crazy . 
 they kept pointing their snouts in the air , unable to figure out what they smelled . 
 for a natural herb free of magic , wolfsbane is a must have for anyone hunting werewolves . 
 `` wait until i tell you the coast is clear , '' i said and alura nodded as i watched several police officers walk by the car . 
 `` now alura , '' i said and she lowered the window a few inches , then moved the swords out and back inside to the straps on her back , and did this within a couple of seconds . 
 she did n't even look , and no cuts . 
 very impressive . 
 we both looked around to see if anyone noticed -- no one did -- so i reached into my wizard bag and took out a white magic coin . 
 i placed alura 's hand into mine and broke the coin in my free hand , then said , `` relesa . '' 
 the inside of the porsche lit up with bright blue-white light as alura and i became semi-transparent and then invisible . 
 `` think anyone saw that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` hope not , but if they did , all they 'll find is an empty car should they check it out . '' 
 we had to exit my door keeping our hands held together for the spell to remain intact . 
 i got out first , then alura slid over and out from the passenger door . 
 we looked around again to make sure no one had noticed anything unusual . 
 two officers were about 20 feet in front of us , but they were facing toward the subway entrance and unaware of our presence . 
 satisfied that no one noticed the crazy lights emitting through the windshield , i gently closed the car door and breathed a sigh of relief . 
 `` let 's turn the hunt on the hunters , '' i said as quietly as possible , and although i could n't see alura , i knew she was smiling with delight at the thought . 
 as was the case when at moon 's office , no one noticed as we walked past the police and down the subway stairs . 
 it was n't long before i smelt wet dog , leaving no doubt what was ahead . 
 we turned a corner passing the two officers who had their guns drawn and quietly walked down the last stairs leading to the final platform . 
 the wolf smell intensified , but there was also something else in the air -- it was blood . 
 i read somewhere when enough blood is gathered in a small area that it took on an unmistakable order . 
 blood was a smell you never forgot and i immediately made the connection with the blood spilled at the iraq desert fight . 
 the smell was making me nauseous , but that was nothing compared to how i felt when we turned the last corner . 
 there were pieces of human bodies and pools of blood all over the platform . 
 i heard a dripping sound and saw splats of blood hitting the floor in front of us . 
 when i looked up , i stepped back pulling alura with me and almost unclasped our hands . 
 above was a human leg in blood soaked jeans and a sneaker dangling from electrical conduits . 
 our mouths dropped open and we grimaced . 
 a few moments later , growls sounded out from the dark tunnel and we saw six yellow dots moving closer to our position . 
 three lycanthropes came into view with their snouts curled up , showing long sharp teeth , and began scanning the area . 
 they stopped about thirty feet ahead of us and began sniffing in the air , indicating our wolfsbane was doing its job . 
 the fur balls knew something was near , but were confused and unaware that we were only feet away . 
 alura squeezed my hand to get my attention and whispered , `` get ready . '' 
 the lycanthropes began moving forward again as we readied ourselves to let go of each others hand . 
 alura grabbed the handle of one sword with her free hand and i reached in my pocket and held my staff coin in my hand . 
 with one hard squeeze of our hands telling each other it was time to fight , we let go and the lycanthropes saw us . 
 before any of the fur balls got a chance to react , alura had already pounced on one , and with a furious swoop of her sword , she severed its body in half . 
 a second lycanthrope ran toward alura while a third started toward me . 
 i took the coin out of my pocket and said , `` unclass staff , '' changing it into its full length staff . 
 the lycanthrope targeting me leaped into the air growling with teeth as big as they come . 
 just before it got close enough to chew my face off , i clubbed it with my staff which sent it smashing into a concrete wall . 
 the lycanthrope yelped and fell to the ground . 
 alura was swinging her sword and dodging the other wolf attacks while the one i clobbered got up and started back toward me . 
 i pointed my staff at it and shouted , `` aknor firster , '' producing a thick stream of wizard fire that consumed the beast into flames . 
 i looked back at alura who kicked the burning head of a wolf like a football and grinned . 
 `` hey there blue eyes , '' she said and started walking toward me , not noticing a very large lycanthrope was about to pounce on her . 
 `` alura , watch out , '' i shouted , but it was too late . 
 the 300 plus pound seven-foot tall lycanthrope had caught alura by surprise and knocked her into a concrete pillar . 
 she hit the pillar hard , cracking several tiles before falling limp to the ground . 
 `` alura , '' i shouted again , but she did n't move or respond . 
 the shapeshifter stood there staring at me . 
 i think it was grinning -- as much as an ugly werewolf face could -- and it began walking slowly toward me on its hind legs . 
 it was lupzarro in his natural smelly wolf skin . 
 he spoke to me a coarse almost intelligible voice . 
 `` time to die wizard , '' he said , then pointed his head at me with both arms extended outward ready to strike , and i pointed my staff at him . 
 `` aknor firster , '' i said , sending forth another stream of wizard fire . 
 lupzarro managed to jump out of the way and the fire burst into a wall scattering blue-white light in all directions . 
 i only saw a blur of movement and he was gone . 
 destroying lupzarro was not going to be easy . 
 he was fast for targeting with my magic , at least with any degree of accuracy . 
 a few seconds later , i was on the ground with lupzarro on top of me trashing away with his claws . 
 my eyes widened in surprise , not because he wanted to slice me apart with his six inch claws , but because he was not really on top of me . 
 he was a couple of inches away on top of a transparent green shield that protected my body . 
 sparks shot out from the shield each time lupzarro 's claws struck . 
 the shield was my defense magic kicking in , automatically , and it was keeping me alive . 
 both my ring and necklace amulets were glowing and heating up rapidly . 
 my strength was draining , so i reached for a green magic coin , but my wizard bag was no longer strapped to my belt . 
 along with my staff , my wizard bag was on the subway floor out of reach . 
 the strap must have broken when lupzarro hit me from behind . 
 i thought for a moment to use my amulet ring to cast a spell , but remembered that was n't an option . 
 magic could not be used while my shield was active . 
 i 'd have to drop it , and even then using magic might only squish me like a bug at such a close range . 
 not that it mattered much either way because my shield was beginning to close in on me with each strike lupzarro made . 
 he kept trashing his claws wildly while staring into my eyes with a very hungry look . 
 lupzarro 's might actually win the fight . 
 i looked helplessly over to alura who was still motionless . 
 is she still alive ? 
 i never told her how much she meant to me , and now may never get the chance . 
 bang , bang , bang . 
 i heard gunfire and saw muzzle flashes coming from the dark tunnel . 
 lupzarro jumped up facing the gun fire and stretched his head in the air howling . 
 this time his howl sounded like he was in pain as bullets exited his back and struck a nearby wall . 
 streaks of liquid silver dripped out of the bullet holes is his chest surrounded by trails of smoke . 
 lupzarro gave me another look with pure hatred eyes in his eyes , and then disappeared down the tunnel to escape more gunfire . 
 five armed men wearing special force type military outfits with ak-47s ran past me to chase lupzarro . 
 their helmets had white letters painted across the brim : keob . 
 they were our guys sent by sarila . 
 a little late , but late is always better than never . 
 i managed to stand up as my defense shield flickered and died out . 
 `` alura , '' i shouted and ran to her , kneeling at her side and putting her head on my lap . 
 `` alura ... alura , '' i said with tears in my eyes , as her eyes slowly opened and a small smile formed . 
 `` hey there blue eyes , '' she said . 
 i smiled and brushed my hand across her check . 
 alura 's eyes then widened in fear as another growl came from behind me -- it was lupzarro -- he doubled back . 
 his growl startled me and i fell next to alura . 
 unfortunately , i did not think to get my staff and wizard bag before rushing to alura , so magic was not an option and lupzarro knew it . 
 he raised one arm up slowly to let us know we were about to become his dinner . 
 just as his arm got above his head ready to strike , a blue-white light stuck out from lupzarro 's chest . 
 lupzarro howled in horrible agony , dropped his arm to his side , and looked at the light coming out of his chest . 
 he then looked once more at me , but this time he was dying and the bright yellow eyes dimmed into a dull dark grey as life left his body . 
 lupzarro was dead , but he did n't fall to the ground . 
 he went limp and just hung in the air until being tossed onto the middle of the subway tracks and engulfed into flames . 
 alura and i looked up and saw a tall muscular built man wearing a metal breastplate . 
 his was holding a large claymore sword that glowed with blue-white light and dripped with blood . 
 it was thyzil , as he looked during the great battle on zeshtune , but much younger . 
 the skinny worn out man alura and i found in the river at oz was no more and now stood seven-feet tall with broad shoulders and arms that could crush a volkswagen . 
 his long black hair was pulled back with a leather headband and he had a friendly smile . 
 `` wizard , good thing for you i was nearby again , yes ? '' 
 i grabbed thyzil 's arm and he pulled me to my feet . 
 `` now , where have i heard that before ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes dear friend , i am very glad you were nearby . '' 
 thyzil roared in laughter while bending down on his knee next to alura . 
 `` thyzil , '' alura said in a soft breath and smiled . 
 `` it 's you . 
 you completed recognition . '' 
 `` yes my princess , and i once again saved the day . '' 
 the three of us began to laugh as thyzil helped alura to her feet . 
 her legs gave out and she almost fell , but thyzil picked her up like a baby into his arms . 
 `` not this times my princess , not this time . 
 i will never let you go , '' thyzil said and he gently kissed her cheek . 
 alura smiled as she wrapped her arms tightly around thyzil 's neck and rested her head on his shoulder . 
 `` do n't worry wizard . 
 my princess will be fine . 
 i have seen many battles and know when someone is badly hurt . 
 she has healing magic in her . 
 soon , she we be healed and killing more big doggies . '' 
 the five military men that chased lupzarro down the tunnel returned and looked over at the pile of smoldering ashes on the tracks . 
 one of the soldiers then looked at thyzil and made a slight grin . 
 `` sir , all quarters have been secured . 
 no enemy present , '' the soldier said . 
 `` a good battle and good exercise , yes ? '' 
 thyzil asked , and the soldier smiled , then ordered his men to return to base . 
 thyzil walked over to my staff and wizard bag and tossed both to me using the toe of his boot . 
 `` see wizard ... no hands . '' 
 `` showoff , '' i said and thyzil let out another boisterous laugh while alura squeezed him tighter . 
 i took out the chalk from my wizard bag and drew a pentagram big enough for all three of us to stand inside on the platform floor . 
 i dropped a blue coin on the floor and crushed it , then placed my hand on thyzil 's shoulder and said , `` transmati keob . '' 
 the pentagram lit up with a wall of blue-white light rising to and pouring across the ceiling above . 
 seconds later we were back at keob facing a smiling sarila . 
 `` well done wizard , '' sarila said . 
 `` i see by your blue eyes that recognition is complete for you as well . '' 
 `` yes wizard , you are officially zeshtunian , '' thyzil said , then slapped me on my back , nearly knocking me to the ground . 
 `` come my friend , first beer is on me . 
 of course , it is your beer , so maybe on you , yes ? '' 
 it 's good to be back on keob . 
 it 's better yet to have a sister and old friend with me , who by the way are the best wolf butt kickers ever . 
 this night was for celebration . 
 even sarila and her lab assistants joined in as we ate pizzas and opened a keg of beer . 
 we even summoned kyiel to join us , even though he just stood there watching us like a party pooper . 
 `` to the victor go the spoils , '' thyzil said and raised his mug of beer . 
 `` here , here , '' alura replied , still very much banged up , but healing nicely . 
 it was the best night of my entire life . 
 i felt love , friendship , and a real sense of belonging to something bigger than myself . 
 we were all safe now and lupzarro was dead . 
 while many more bad guys were out there waiting for us to stomp them , tonight was for us . 
 it 's amazing that alura and thyzil 's love stayed alive after all these millenniums . 
 if that by itself was not enough , i gained a family , which until now was not complete . 
 life is good . 
 chapter 16 keob felt like a real home and things were beginning to make sense to me , at least until the bedroom alarm went off . 
 seconds later my magic window was shinning bright and the roster was back with his annoying wakeup crow . 
 i threw my pillow at him and he flew away , shooting feathers into my room . 
 interesting ... a hologram roster afraid of pillow fights . 
 good to know . 
 my memory had improved significantly , but i was drawing blanks in about why a roster alarm clock was ever created . 
 i must have had too much to drink when coming up with this crazy idea . 
 still , i have to admit the annoying thing did wake me more quickly than other traditional types of alarms . 
 i entered the living area and was surprised to see everything in immaculate order . 
 while we did n't have a wild party last night , the place did get messy with empty pizza crust and spilled beer . 
 who cares , at least it 's clean . 
 i decided to cook some breakfast as alura and thyzil were coming out of her bedroom . 
 `` are we having company for breakfast ? '' 
 i asked . 
 alura rolled her eyes . 
 `` if you 're cooking , we 're eating . '' 
 i was about to make another wise crack when my phone rang . 
 `` mr. zane , i suppose congratulations are in order . '' 
 `` moony , is that you buddy ? 
 tell me where you are so i can come there and kick your furry butt . '' 
 i put my phone of speaker so alura and thyzil could hear the conversation . 
 `` mr. zane , there is no need for a personal vendetta . 
 after all , i only provide legal representation to powerful individuals . 
 i have no interest in increasing hostility between us . '' 
 `` it 's a little late for that now fur ball . 
 you may not have killed those people with lupzarro , but you helped nonetheless . 
 in my eyes you 're just as guilty , and the next time i see you , i 'm going to turn you into dust . '' 
 `` as you wish mr. zane , however , there is something you should know . 
 my new client wishes for me to express his curiosity about your activities in the city . 
 he believes it would be in everyone 's best interest for you to leave before other people get hurt , such as loved ones or other innocent people . '' 
 `` more threats , huh moony ? 
 it did n't work out so well for you last time , nor did it for your pack leader lupzarro who is now a pile of burnt out ashes in a city subway . '' 
 i must have struck a nerve because there was a long pause , and then moon surprised me . 
 `` mr. zane , or should i call you azul ? '' 
 moon knew my real name . 
 how does he know my name ? 
 `` how about not calling me at all . 
 there are better things for me to do than have meaningless conversations with a soon to be dusted flea bag . '' 
 `` i will come to the point mr. zane . 
 my client has informed me that you both last saw each other a very long time ago , about 25,000 years to be precise . 
 he tells me it was a glorious time in those days among the mayans and other lost civilizations . '' 
 `` cut to the chase fur ball . '' 
 `` my client told me you would recognize his name . 
 those of us in my pack call him by his ancient name ah chuy kak . 
 he hopes not to see you anytime soon , but should things work out differently ... well , i think you will find the outcome quite different from what you experienced last evening . 
 good day mr. zane . '' 
 ah chuy kak was the mayan title for god of war . 
 i knew this name from manco 's archeological research in peru , but that was it . 
 recognition or not , i do n't remember anything about meeting ah chuy kak . 
 legends say ah chuy kak was a bloodthirsty killer with supernatural powers who preyed on innocents . 
 some believe he was responsible for destroying the entire mayan civilization . 
 no one knows much about his reign of terror because the mayans vanished without leaving a trace of what caused their disappearance . 
 if ah chuy kak has been hanging around on earth for 25,000 years , one could safely assume he has had a hand in large scale enterprises involving wars and misery . 
 `` why would ah chuy kak stay behind while his darkzon superiors left earth long ago ? '' 
 i asked alura . 
 `` we know some underlords among the darkzon stayed behind after the last battle on earth , but no one has heard anything from them all these years . 
 if moon is telling the truth about ah chuy kak , then the rules of this game have changed . '' 
 alura looked concerned , and given her fighting skills , if she was concerned about a monster , so was i. `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` to remain secretly in the dark for so long means ah chuy kak has risen into power among the nations of earth . 
 it will be difficult to find him , and even more difficult to destroy him if found . '' 
 `` that may explain all the corrupt politicians and wall street bankers , '' i said in a sarcastic tone . 
 `` no , that would be too obvious . 
 these monsters hide in the dark out of view from people . 
 politicians and businessmen may be their puppets , but their masters operate in the shadows . 
 they are secretive and powerful enough to destroy entire nations without ever leaving their hidden chambers . '' 
 `` great , now i have to worry about beings that can destroy entire nations . 
 does n't matter , i 'm still going to turn moony into dust no matter how many bad guys are out there . '' 
 alura smiled . 
 `` of course you are dear brother , and i 'm going to help . '' 
 thyzil took a bite out of an apple and said , `` me too . '' 
 i was anxious to get back to manhattan and take care of sally , who was probably hungry and needed a walk . 
 i excused myself and went to my bedroom for my wizard bag and staff . 
 the bed was gone from inside the pentagram and did not appear when i stepped inside the circle . 
 must be on a timer . 
 i took a blue magic coin from the wizard bag and twisted it under my foot saying , `` transmati domas . '' 
 moments later i was back in my manhattan apartment lab . 
 when i entered the living room , sally pushed me to the floor and slobbered all over my face . 
 it reminded me of dino on the flintstones cartoon tackling fred when he came home from work . 
 `` yaba-daba-do to you too , '' i said . 
 `` come on , give me a break sally . 
 okay , okay , i missed you too . '' 
 sally ran to the door and pulled her leash off the wall peg with her teeth . 
 this routine was showing some stress on her lease , judging by all the teeth marks , but hey , no big deal . 
 if new leashes had to be purchased occasionally , it 's worth every penny because she never left me guessing when nature was calling . 
 `` okay you win . 
 let 's go for a walk . '' 
 my wards rearmed as i locked the apartment door behind us . 
 it was nice day with a cloudless blue sky and lots of sun . 
 best of all , the full moon cycle had completed . 
 frankly , i was all wolfed out and needed a break from the flea bags . 
 sally walked over to her favorite light pole , relived herself , and then headed right back to the apartment door . 
 she must be hungry . 
 i put my key into the front door lock and heard a caw . 
 great ... just when things were looking up , the creepy watcher bird was back and sitting on a sign across the street . 
 for a moment , i was tempted to extend one of my fingers , but thought doing so might only encourage the nasty hell pet . 
 sally looked at the bird and growled . 
 `` come on girl , the day is too nice to let that dirty bird annoy us , '' i said , then scowled at the bird as we entered the apartment . 
 `` bet you 're hungry , huh girl ? '' 
 sally woofed , then sat next to the kitchen table watching me cook up twice the normal size breakfast of eggs , beacon , and toast . 
 i tossed a few sausage links into the frying pan as a treat . 
 the food could n't cook fast enough for us , and once it was ready , we both ate like it was our last meal . 
 a few minutes latter , i stretched out on my couch and sally flopped down next to the fireplace . 
 we both let out a satisfying exhale . 
 i got a little antsy after awhile and decided to do some shopping -- maybe even for a new car -- but first wanted to do a special errand . 
 i left sally in the apartment and waived down a cab to take me to the motor vehicle department . 
 it occurred to me that vanity license plates would make excellent gifts , especially if they reflected the recipient 's personality . 
 alura 's plate read : bak-off to reflect her heroine fighting skills . 
 thyzil 's plate read : war-man for obvious reasons . 
 for me , i got one to help motivate my interest in buying my own car -- it read : magic . 
 moon got the best plate of all . 
 i wrapped his up after placing a sticky note inside with the words ` very soon fur ball ' written on it . 
 what i would n't give to see his face when he opens the package . 
 instead of bite-me as i first thought when watching him drive off in his mercedes , his vanity plate gift read : dust-me . 
 a fitting plate that predicted his future . 
 on my way home , i got to thinking about what it would be like being stuck inside a car during city business hours . 
 traffic jams in manhattan are as close as it gets to being stuck in a wal-mart cashier line during the holiday shopping season . 
 hmm ... perhaps owning a car could wait for the time being . 
 i decided that i would hang my vanity plate on the apartment wall and continue using city transportation , at least the next few months . 
 after all , being able to snooze while someone else was driving is a big plus . 
 sally was snoozing away herself when i returned home , but did wag her tail a little . 
 she was doing well as a new yorker and needed no adjustment period . 
 her life for the most part consisted of going for walks , sleeping , and eating . 
 by far , eating was her favorite thing to do and she made no qualms about it . 
 her appetite was extraordinary . 
 after eating her own food , sally always focused her attention on my breakfast , lunch , dinner , or anything in between . 
 she does n't beg for food -- she demands it -- and uses annoyance strategies , such as pushing her head into my arm when i raised a fork to my mouth . 
 not hard enough to poke out my eye , but enough to throw food from the fork onto the floor . 
 i planned ahead today for lunch and fed sally first thinking it might help to solve the problem -- it did n't . 
 by the time i got my own lunch to the kitchen table , sally had already finished hers and was waiting for a sympathy snack . 
 `` darn it sally , just because you wolfed down your food does n't give you a right to have mine . '' 
 sally titled her head and gave a lazy look pretending not to understand . 
 i did my best to eat in peace , but she managed to nudge a few pieces of food to the floor . 
 some things just never change . 
 not much time passed before i got to thinking about moon and his new client ah chuy kak . 
 i wanted to teleconference with manco , who knows everything about mayan lore , but alura warned me not to contact anyone from my past . 
 i could n't take the chance of putting manco or his family in danger under any circumstances . 
 kyiel or yochi were the obvious choices because they knew everything about my past . 
 i figured i 'd be checking in with them about ah chuy kak sooner or later , but for now was feeling nostalgic about my old profession . 
 instead of taking the easy ` tell me all about ah chuy kak ' tutoring lesson , i decided to spend some time at the new york city library . 
 not being in any particular hurry , i rode a bus to the library and was looking forward to spending quality time with what use to be a big part of my life -- books , and lots of them . 
 after hauling as many books as i could carry to an obscure corner of the library , i spent several hours pouring over mayan lore and various legends and myths about ancient deities . 
 surprisingly , there was n't much information about ah chuy kak other than short descriptions and a few drawings . 
 the one drawing that caught my attention showed itzam-yeh sitting on a throne with several beings kneeling at his footstool . 
 itzam-yeh is the mayan god whose name was written on the scrolls manco and i found at the gate of the gods . 
 one of the creatures kneeling at his footstool was ah chuy kak , and his being in the presence of itzam-yeh meant he was important in the darkzon hierarchy . 
 it also meant he was an overlord under itzam-yeh 's rule . 
 overlords did not rise to such a rank without reflecting the same dark characteristics of their superiors , so ah chuy kak is as nasty as they come . 
 the picture of ah chuy kak was a black and white representation of a stone drawing manco discovered years ago in central america . 
 it showed itzam-yeh dressed in a large head mask with his hands pulled together inside the sleeves of a ceremonial robe . 
 there was enough detail in the picture to see that itzam-yeh was adorned with precious stones and jewelry . 
 the three overlords at itzam-yeh 's feet each wore a single necklace and loin cloth . 
 two of them had their heads bowed , but ah chuy kak appeared to be intentionally looking away from itzam-yeh , perhaps as a sign of having less reverence . 
 ah chuy kak was ugly if you go by the drawing in a literal way . 
 his eyes were enlarged , mouth wide showing sharp teeth , long boney fingers and toes , and he was covered in splotchy matted fur . 
 i never placed much emphasis on taking ancient stone drawings too literally . 
 for all i knew , the artist could have been an ancient picasso putting together an abstract version of his nightmare after eating too many peyote plants . 
 if ah chuy kak was also a shapeshifter , i guess he could look like anything he wanted , including the ugly beast in the drawing . 
 there is no doubt in my mind that many lycanthropes continue roaming the earth . 
 ah chuy kak probably had a wolf harem filled with hairy concubines on every continent adding to the ugly ranks of shapeshifters . 
 the very thought of these things engaging in procreation sent shivers up and down my spine . 
 yuk ... i think that 's enough research for one day . 
 i placed all the books onto a cart that had a sign written in bold letters : place books here -- do not return to shelves . 
 i smiled , thanked the cart for being close by , and headed outside to catch a bus back to my apartment . 
 lucky for me , there were n't too many people standing in line waiting for the bus . 
 my new wizardry senses encouraged me to sit at the back of the bus and keep my eyes open . 
 if danger presented itself , i could jump out of the emergency exit , get hit by a cabby , or smash my head on the pavement , but at least i 'd escape the jaws of a monster . 
 my cleaver strategy seemed less sound when someone sat next to me . 
 once that happened , i began looking at everyone wondering if they were about to shapeshift . 
 thank goodness the ride home took only 20 minutes . 
 any longer , my eyes would have dried out from not blinking . 
 i unlocked my door , disarming my wards , and to no surprise saw sally waiting with her leash in her mouth . 
 she obviously did n't want me to settle down before taking care of her needs first . 
 fair enough . 
 i smiled . 
 `` okay , i get the message . 
 at least you could learn to snap your own leash on for me , '' i said . 
 once outside , sally made a predictable left turn heading for magical herbs . 
 i kept looking up at the lamp poles along the way , but did n't see any sign of the neighborhood hell pet , so i turned my attention back to walking sally . 
 when we arrived at magical herbs , melony was opening the shoppe door . 
 she had her hair pulled back in a pony tail as usual , but was dressed in blue jeans and a light colored t-shirt with something printed on the front . 
 `` hello melony , '' i said , catching her off guard . 
 `` sorry , we did n't mean to startle you . '' 
 `` oh , daniel ... hello , how are you ? 
 i have n't seen you for days and wondered if you moved away without saying goodbye . '' 
 i could now see the front of her t-shirt . 
 it read : herbs are better than sex . 
 not exactly what i expected to see , but it did fit melony 's natural look and appeal . 
 she stooped down and gave sally a hug . 
 `` sally , has daniel been treating you well ? '' 
 what i would n't give to be sally right now . 
 melony was beautiful when dressed in her celtic shoppe outfit , but in those tight jeans and t-shirt , she was more than beautiful -- she was incredible . 
 a few moments later i pulled my jaw back up and closed my mouth . 
 `` leave without saying goodbye . 
 no , nothing of the sort . 
 i was out of town on business . '' 
 `` i 'm glad you 're still here . 
 come on in and i 'll make you a cup of my special tea . 
 on sundays the shoppe opens at noon , so customers wo n't be showing up for a half hour or so . 
 it will be nice spending some time with you and sally , even if only for a few minutes . '' 
 sally and i sat at one of the tables while melony went behind the counter and wrote special prices on the on sale white board . 
 she then smiled and headed to the back room . 
 `` give me a minute to change and i 'll make that tea . '' 
 `` we 'll be right here . '' 
 sally looked at me , then at melony , and back at me again . 
 `` what ? '' 
 sally let out a barely audible woof and laid down next to my feet with drooping eyes . 
 `` so now you think you 're a match-maker do you ? 
 give me a break . '' 
 melony returned in her celtic costume as beautiful as ever . 
 sally kept shifting her eyes back and forth at us . 
 `` there , that did n't take long , '' she said . 
 `` i 'll make some tea now and you can fill me in on what you two have been up to all week . 
 have you checked out the city yet ? '' 
 i flashed back to when alura and i destroyed moon 's office basement and dusted lupzarro . 
 if only she knew . 
 `` um ... no , not yet . 
 i 've been busy ... you know , getting settled in . '' 
 melony smiled . 
 `` poor thing , you should have asked for my help . '' 
 `` i should have ... i mean , sure , help would have been nice . 
 maybe next time . '' 
 what a stupid response . 
 a beautiful girl shows a little interest in me , and what do i do ? 
 i get flustered like a school boy with a crush . 
 `` there were n't a lot of things to move and unpack , '' i said . 
 `` i was mostly keeping busing at work . '' 
 `` what kind of work ? '' 
 `` i 'm a journalist and field reporter at zwc here in the city . '' 
 melony raised her eyebrows . 
 `` zwc ... as in zane worldwide communications ? 
 are you related in some way to the zane family ? '' 
 `` sure am . 
 well , i 'm not the only one . 
 there are a lot of us working there . '' 
 melony laughed and i began feeling nervous . 
 most of my life was wrapped up in books and research . 
 having conversations with a beautiful woman , especially small talk , was not something i handled well . 
 even so , melony was easy enough to talk to until i looked into her emerald eyes and my knees started shaking . 
 okay , here i go with all the covert identity crap . 
 `` the company was named after my great grandfather . 
 it started out as a small family newspaper and now is a publicly traded company . 
 i 'm new there and still learning the ropes , so to speak . '' 
 `` wow , i 'm impressed . 
 i 'm not a zwc customer , but am impressed just the same . '' 
 melony sat down at the table and asked sally if i was giving her a daily sprinkle of the herbs she gave us last week . 
 sally woofed and wagged her tail knowing the conversation was all about her . 
 `` sure am , '' i said . 
 `` good . 
 it will keep you both healthy and promote long life , '' she said , then smiled and walked back to the counter . 
 `` hey , i have an idea , '' she said and held up two tickets in her hand . 
 `` a customer gave me these the other day . 
 it 's for the new broadway show everyone 's talking about . 
 i was n't planning on going because i hate seeing shows by myself , but thought it would be nice to have your company . 
 want to go and see the show with me on saturday ? '' 
 `` me ? 
 yea , sure would , i 'd like that very much . '' 
 melony 's smile widened . 
 `` alright then , it 's a date . 
 meet me here at the shoppe no later than 6:00 pm . '' 
 huh ... only in the city for a few days and i 've already met a nice girl . 
 manhattan is showing some promise . 
 the bell on the shop door rang and a woman straight out of the victorian era walked in . 
 she wore a dress covering everything from the tip of her shoe to the top of her neck . 
 her grey hair was wrapped up in a bun under a black hat . 
 the fabric of her dress was dark grey and she carried a black purse . 
 she was average height and weight , had pale white skin , and probably in her late 60s judging by the deep wrinkles on her face . 
 `` mrs. greyson , how are you ? '' 
 melony asked . 
 `` i have your package wrapped and ready to go ma'am . '' 
 greyson gave me a disapproving glare , the kind an overbearing parent gives a boy on a first date with their daughter . 
 `` thank you dear . 
 i was nearby and thought i would stop by . '' 
 melony went behind the counter for greyson 's package while i tried my best not to notice the parental glare . 
 i could only imagine what the victorian gal was thinking and again nodded my chin in a greeting gesture . 
 she made no response . 
 i did n't take it personal and chalked it up to a generation gap -- more like a few generation gaps . 
 `` everything all right dear , '' greyson asked , stiffening her glare at me as if i was an intruder . 
 honestly , she was acting like a chaperone at a high school homecoming dance . 
 not now , but back a few centuries when kissing was punishable by being burned at the stake . 
 `` yes mrs. greyson , everything is fine , '' melony replied and then introduced me . 
 `` this is daniel who lives in the neighborhood . 
 he 's new to the city . '' 
 mrs. greyson tilted her chin up arrogantly at me and said , `` i see , '' then walked to the counter without so much as a simple hello . 
 sally looked at me and let out a whimper . 
 i reached down and lightly scratched behind her ears , almost whimpering myself . 
 the old nag was not only unfriendly , but also very strange , not to mention having no fashion sense whatsoever , and for a second i thought of kyiel . 
 the door bell rang again and other customers entered the shoppe , so sally and i got up to leave . 
 `` thanks for the tea melony , '' i said and sally woofed wagging her tail . 
 `` bye daniel . 
 bye sally . 
 do n't forget about saturday . '' 
 `` i would n't miss it for the world '' , i said , then frowned when looking back at greyson . 
 grayson gave me one final ice cold stare that was more than disapproving , it was outright disdain . 
 if it were not our first encounter , i would say her stare was pure hatred . 
 it felt as if she punched me with her eyes . 
 sally had her nose at the door and was anxious to leave . 
 once outside , i pat her again and said , `` do n't blame you old girl , not one bit . '' 
 there was something very odd about greyson . 
 whatever it was , it gave sally and me the heebie-geebies and we were happy to be out of range from her piercing glare . 
 chapter 17 on a positive note , there was still no watcher outside the shoppe -- maybe the damn thing flew south . 
 if nothing else , the hell pet had made me more alert and increased my natural state of paranoia . 
 i 'm okay with paranoia , especially when considering all the things going bumpity-bump in the night ... and day . 
 `` okay , the coast is clear . 
 let 's go home . '' 
 sally stopped walking when the apartment was in sight and growled while looking down an ally across the street . 
 at first i did n't see anything , but a moment later someone wearing a hooded robe appeared . 
 it looked like the same monk character standing outside the sierra back in las vegas . 
 moments later a bus drove by and blocked my view . 
 when it passed , the hooded person or thing was gone . 
 sally relaxed and started wagging her tail again , so i knew the danger she sensed had passed . 
 was this the same character who messed up my hotel room in vegas ? 
 i was about to unlock my front door and noticed scratches in the paint . 
 four long lines ran down the door that looked like they were made with claws . 
 my wards were still armed , so if someone or something tried to break in , they got the shock of their life . 
 `` looks like we had a visitor sally . '' 
 i looked around the street and did n't see anything unusual , but that does n't mean nothing was there . 
 sally also surveyed the street and appeared unconcerned . 
 `` seems safe enough sally , but let 's keep our eyes open just the same . '' 
 i locked the door behind us and my wards rearmed causing the door and window frames to glow for a few seconds . 
 i smiled . 
 `` that light show just never gets old , does it sally ? 
 not to mention giving us peace of mind . '' 
 sally woofed and went to her favorite spot to sleep while i started up the fireplace . 
 it was a long day and it did n't take long before i fell into a deep and welcomed sleep . 
 my phone rang and woke me up . 
 it was only 5:15 am , which is still night time in my book . 
 the caller id showed it was sarila calling , and when i answered her call , i naturally had a sleepy and sarcastic tone . 
 `` good morning sarila . 
 do you know what time it is ? '' 
 `` do n't you have a watch wizard ? '' 
 `` yes , i ... never mind . 
 who or what do i owe the pleasure for having a keob wakeup call ? '' 
 sarila made no response . 
 `` sorry sarila , what 's up ? '' 
 `` hopefully nothing wizard , but i have been trying to reach alura at her apartment without success . 
 how about running over there to check things out ? '' 
 i had not yet been to alura 's apartment and was curious what her place looked like . 
 she could take care of herself , so i was n't worried that anything happen to her , but it was unusual for sarila to call me directly . 
 `` sure , i 'll go there right now . 
 um ... where exactly am i going ? '' 
 `` select alura on your phone contact list and the gps will lead you to where she is . 
 her apartment is only a few blocks from you and it wo n't take more than ten minutes to get their on foot . '' 
 `` yea , it will certainly be by foot . 
 do you know why it will be by foot sarila ? 
 because everyone has a car in this city except for me . '' 
 `` and this is something that needs to be addressed now wizard ? '' 
 `` okay , okay , i 'll call you when i get to alura 's apartment . 
 bye . '' 
 once outside , i selected alura from my contact list and the screen showed a blue dot and a red dot on a satellite image of manhattan . 
 the blue dot showed where i was standing , so i figured the red dot was for alura . 
 all i had to do was follow the dotted line to the red dot . 
 easy enough , even for me . 
 sarila was right . 
 it took exactly 10 minutes to reach alura 's apartment building . 
 the front door to the building was locked , so i waited a couple of minutes until someone came out and then slipped in before the door closed . 
 my phone now displayed the building layout . 
 it also showed alura 's apartment was on the top floor in a corner unit overlooking the street . 
 cool phone , but it does put into question the role of privacy . 
 i suppose if i were cornered by a lycanthrope , i would n't care much about maintaining privacy , so i filed the issue in my ` who gives a darn ' mental file . 
 i took the elevator up to the tenth floor and approached alura 's apartment door cautiously when i sensed her wards . 
 i knocked several times in a respectful manner -- no need to wake any neighbors or cause alarm . 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 `` it 's your brother who you have never invited over , '' i said , then paused for a response , but there was none . 
 `` sarila sent me because she ca n't reach you . '' 
 alura opened the door wearing a sheet wrapped around her and looked surprised to see me . 
 i smiled and raised my eyebrows . 
 `` toga party ? '' 
 i asked , and then a voice roared from inside the apartment . 
 `` wizard , is that you ? '' 
 `` thyzil ? '' 
 i asked as a blushing alura scowled at me . 
 `` oh , i see . '' 
 `` i do have a life you know , '' she said . 
 `` there is absolutely nothing wrong with taking a break from all those dark battles . '' 
 i tried to not laugh . 
 `` no , not at all , '' i said while clearing my throat . 
 `` nope , there is nothing wrong with taking a break ... not at all . '' 
 the door opened wider and thyzil stood there also wrapped in a sheet . 
 he began laughing loudly again -- and to think i was worried my knock on the door might wake neighbors . 
 `` wizard , it is you , '' he said and embraced me . 
 not cool . 
 i looked down the hallway to see if anyone had noticed a naked giant wrapped in a sheet hugging a visitor . 
 alura stepped to thyzil 's side , arched her eyebrow , and shook her head at me . 
 she was embarrassed and now so was i. `` come in my friend , '' thyzil said . 
 not like i had a choice . 
 thyzil was a foot taller than me and a whole lot stronger . 
 he actually lifted me off my feet pulling me inside . 
 there i was with my sister and thyzil who were dressed in sheets . 
 alura frowned and looked like she got caught with her hand in a cookie jar . 
 she also looked like a child standing next to a giant , and on top of that , she looked at me as if this was my last day being alive . 
 the tension did n't go unnoticed by thyzil as he looked back and forth at alura and me . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 thyzil asked . 
 `` i have been engaged to your sister for millions of years . 
 do not act surprised , '' he said and kept laughing while wrapping his gigantic arms around alura `` come my princess , let us get dressed before our wizard faints . '' 
 alura whacked thyzil in the arm and gave him a shut-up look . 
 thyzil just roared again laughing . 
 `` see wizard . 
 look what trouble you make , '' he said . 
 alura pushed thyzil into what i assumed is her bedroom . 
 there was only one door inside the large studio apartment , so unless it was another batcave , it had to be a bedroom . 
 in the center of the room was a pentagram showing standard wizard design , except it had different symbols drawn at the pointed tips . 
 there was no furniture , no kitchen , nothing but the pentagram . 
 efficient living in an efficiency apartment makes sense i guess , but i would suggest at least a painting or picture be hung on a wall to liven up the place . 
 a few minutes later alura and thyzil came out of the bedroom fully dressed . 
 thyzil , still smiling , announced he needed to return to keob to meet with sarila . 
 he stepped into the pentagram and crushed a blue magic coin between his thumb and index finger causing the powder to sparkle . 
 `` princess , want to blow out light and make wish ? '' 
 thyzil spoke in a colloquial manner that would drive any english teacher crazy . 
 english was his second language , and besides , the way he spoke actually increased his charisma and overwhelming charm . 
 alura rolled her eyes and shook her head at thyzil 's offer , but she was holding back from laughing and he knew it . 
 `` very well princess , '' he said , then turned his hand letting the sparkling powder fall to the floor . 
 `` wizard , you take care of my princess , yes . '' 
 `` sure will , '' i replied . 
 alura smiled and said , `` transmati thyzil keob , '' causing her apartment to fill with light and transport her warrior back to sarila 's lab . 
 so this pentagram was made for alura , and like mine , only works for the one who designed it . 
 that 's why it has different symbols . 
 i now realized why alura had n't invited me to her apartment . 
 thyzil was not visiting -- he was sharing the apartment with alura . 
 okay , i may be slow to catching on to the obvious , but i 'm on board now . 
 alura did n't intend for me to see her smile , and when she looked at me , i scratched my head acting like nothing happened . 
 she punched my arm , hard . 
 `` do n't give me any sly looks buster , '' she said with her eyes narrowed . 
 `` come on you , let 's go outside and get some fresh air . '' 
 i barely could hold myself from laughing . 
 `` sly look ? 
 what sly look ? '' 
 alura smirked and locked her apartment door behind us rearming her wards . 
 she had her phone in her hand and called sarila who was less than happy about alura not having her phone ready to answer calls . 
 albeit togas do n't have pockets , sarila expects everyone to be on call 24/7 . 
 i could not hear the conversation except when alura got in the last few words . 
 `` sorry sarila , you 're right . 
 it wo n't happen again , '' she said , then looked at me as if i did something wrong and placed the phone inside her pocket . 
 i raised my hands in the air and shrugged , trying to look as impartial as possible , which i actually was . 
 alura was n't going to see it that way no matter what i told her . 
 `` let 's go , '' she said in a scolding tone . 
 `` sarila wants us to check out something along the waterfront at sunset park in brooklyn . '' 
 `` oh well , there goes our nice stroll on a sunny day , '' i said , which alura completely ignored , obviously still miffed that i arrived unannounced at her apartment . 
 sunset park is located in brooklyn on the western waterfront shore . 
 now abandoned for decades and in complete disrepair , it was once a booming business centerpiece of manhattan . 
 the dutch first developed the park back in the 1600s , but it did n't take off until the early 19th century when scandinavian and irish immigrants arrived . 
 once the bush terminal was built -- no relation to the former president , or more importantly , our domestic beer -- manufacturing and warehousing took advantage of nearby railways and water transportation , making it a significant business hub in the city . 
 while driving to sunset park , i told alura about my hooded monk friend standing in the ally across from my apartment . 
 i also told her that i saw the same character outside my vegas hotel when she picked me up in her cab . 
 `` they 're hunter demons who are drawn to magic like a moth to flames , '' alura said . 
 `` they are not particularly harmful unless someone gets in their way or too close , which is why they have survived so long . 
 we never paid much attention to them because they lurk quietly in the shadows . '' 
 `` are they like kyiel ? 
 i mean no real physical form ? '' 
 `` no , they are solid and use clamor to hide themselves . 
 wizards can see them easily because their clamor is a very low level magic , like a chameleon that camouflages itself in its natural environment . '' 
 `` damn creepy buggers . 
 is that all i should know ? '' 
 `` there is one more thing to consider . 
 if you see a group of them , watch out . 
 this is when a competition chromosome kicks in and they become like sharks on a feeding frenzy . 
 if this happens , they will attack everything in their path , including their own kind . '' 
 `` let 's see . 
 there are watcher birds stalking me , lycanthropes trying to kill me , an ancient race of beings called the darkzon racing to earth to enslave all mankind , and now hunter demons that dress like monks who want to steal my magic . 
 does that sound about right ? '' 
 alura laughed . 
 `` heck no , not even close . 
 did you forget what i told you before ? 
 how do humans put it ... it 's the tip of the iceberg . 
 soon enough , as the darkzon get closer to earth , we 'll be fighting vampires , ghouls , zombies , witches , and all sorts of dark demons trying to mark out their territory . 
 the party has yet to begin dear brother . '' 
 `` some party , '' i said . 
 `` sounds like every nightmare possible . '' 
 alura grinned . 
 `` yup , and it 's a party where our kind are always the guest of honor , in a horrific blood thirsty sort of way . '' 
 i looked out the car window and remained quiet for the rest of the drive . 
 the thought of being a main course at a banquet for dark creatures was unsettling and would take some time to digest -- no pun intended . 
 we arrived at sunset park about a half hour later . 
 i have ridden by the park on a train many times , but never saw it up close . 
 there are a couple dozen abandoned warehouses overgrown with bushes and weeds , giving the park an eerie ghost town look . 
 alura stop her car near the end of the park outside an old building and checked her gps . 
 `` this is the place , '' she said . 
 `` let 's go check out what the big fuss is all about . '' 
 a rusty steel door at the front was the only entrance into a turn of the century brick structure . 
 what were once windows are now bricked over and covered with dead vines giving it that special monster like appeal . 
 as we approached the door , the hairs on my neck stood up telling me something was wrong . 
 alura felt the danger too , but kept her sense of humor . 
 `` well brother , are you going to be a gentleman and open that door for a lady ? '' 
 i took my staff coin out of my pocket and raised it toward the door , then said , `` unclass staff , '' turning the coin into my staff . 
 the amulet stone on top glowed blue-white , and with one gentle tap on the rusty chained lock , it turned white hot and dripped molten steel onto the ground . 
 i slid the door open and graciously gestured for alura to enter . 
 `` beauty before age , '' i said , bowing my head in a chivalrous manner . 
 `` you got it backwards old man . 
 it 's age before beauty . '' 
 i thought about it for a second . 
 yup , she 's right , but i was n't about to admit it . 
 `` well then , i guess your going in first makes sense then , '' i said while grinning . 
 `` i mean , you 've been on earth 100 years longer than me sister , so ... '' `` you wish , '' she said , smirking and shaking her head . 
 `` you were on zeshtune long before i was born . '' 
 the inside of the building had boxes and broken furniture piled up next to old machinery covered with cobwebs and dust . 
 it was dark and difficult to see coming out of the sunlight , so i focused on my staff and said , `` aknor firster , '' creating a bright blue-white flame from my staff amulet to illuminate the inside . 
 we worked our way around piles of junk to a stairway leading the basement . 
 thick air with the smell of death caused me to gag and cover my nose . 
 alura stopped and pulled out a magical coin of her own and said , `` unclass blade , '' turning it into a double edge razor shape weapon with a handle to wrap your hand around . 
 `` huh , pretty fancy for someone that does n't possess much magic . '' 
 alura smiled . 
 `` do n't worry brother , you still have a monopoly on all the good magic . 
 unlike your staff , this spell only works once per coin and is considered low level magic . '' 
 `` well , if you want my opinion , that weapon is certainly easier to conceal than two swords strapped on your back . '' 
 `` perhaps , but i like my swords , '' she said and began leading the way down the stairs . 
 `` keep your staff close so i can see where we are going . 
 i do n't want to bump into anything , dead or alive . '' 
 i followed alura down the stairs hoping we would n't encounter more lycanthropes . 
 instead , we saw something much worse . 
 `` what the heck ? '' 
 i said , looking at dozens of human bodies piled up along the walls . 
 alura grimaced . 
 `` lycanthropes did n't kill these people . 
 if they had , these bodies would be torn apart with blood everywhere , '' she said , then narrowed her eyes . 
 `` look how thin they are azul . '' 
 i took a closer look and saw they were n't thin at all . 
 their bodies were dried out like prunes with only a thin layer of skin covering their bones . 
 ribs were poking out of the bodies and some fingers were nothing but bones . 
 i moved my staff higher to light up the room better and saw a man staked to a wall . 
 he was several feet off the ground with stakes through his hands and feet stretched out as though almost pulled apart . 
 his clothes were drenched in blood and shredded as if claws ran up and down his body . 
 i grimaced . 
 `` there 's a lot of blood here . 
 do you think lycanthropes kill this man ? '' 
 `` not likely . 
 it 's not their style , '' alura replied , then looked at something written in blood on the wall . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` it 's mayan and translates to ` we come soon ' . '' 
 `` we come soon ... who 's we and when is soon ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i do n't know , and i 'm not sure i want to . '' 
 there were also symbols written in egyptian and various other languages . 
 `` this man died a horrible death , '' i said and raised my staff closer for a better view . 
 `` why was this guy killed differently than the others ? '' 
 `` it 's a feeding ground . '' 
 `` feeding ground ... for what ? '' 
 `` that man is a territorial mark . 
 whatever did this wants anyone who sees this to know they 're trespassing . '' 
 alura was right . 
 this poor guy looked as though he had recently died . 
 he was n't turned into a shriveled prune like the other bodies and his blood was still wet . 
 this man was tortured beyond what most people could even imagine . 
 alura took pictures of what we found using her phone and sent them to sarila . 
 `` a feeding ground ... and we 're standing right in the middle of it ... trespassing , '' i said . 
 `` whoever or whatever did this got in here without using the front door , which means there must be another way in and out , which means we could become trapped likes rats down here . '' 
 realizing the potential danger , alura began scanning the room with her blade raised to strike . 
 `` over there , '' she said , pointing to the stairs . 
 there was a large hole in the wall behind the stairs , about four feet wide and tall . 
 i stuck the top of my staff inside and saw an old drainage pipe a few feet inside the opening . 
 a rusted steel grate had been torn off the wall and was half buried in broken pieces of mortar . 
 the drainage pipe was three feet in diameter and probably led out into the river . 
 `` let 's get the heck out of here , '' i said . 
 `` if something comes from upstairs and this drain pipe at the same time , we 're screwed . '' 
 `` yea , let 's go , '' alura said . 
 `` i have surveillance equipment in my car . 
 we can place a miniature infrared camera inside to keep an eye on this place . 
 if anything with a body temperature comes down here , it will trigger a video stream to sarila . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` putting a camera inside here means we have to come back into this death trap . 
 what part of getting the heck out of here do n't you understand ? '' 
 `` it will only take a couple of minutes . 
 i can place a camera on the side of the top step . 
 we do n't have to come back down into the basement . '' 
 it took a lot less time exiting the building than it took getting to the basement -- big surprise . 
 adrenalin and fear , mostly fear , is a good friend in scary places . 
 i stood by the steel door while alura went to her car to get the infrared camera . 
 she came back with two cameras and tossed the first one straight up over my head , sticking it to the outside roof overhang . 
 alura then stuck the second camera on the first step of the basement stairs . 
 `` what if the thing that did this has no body temperature ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no problem . 
 we will still hear it moving , '' she said , then linked her phone into sarila 's satellite feed . 
 chapter 18 the cameras were working well . 
 i could see the porsche parked in front on one side of alura 's cell phone screen and the basement in complete darkness on the other side . 
 i waved my hand outside the window and saw it on the phone 's screen . 
 now that 's the way i like to track monsters -- far away where it 's safe . 
 alura took off at her usual wheel screeching speed while i again held on to the door handle for dear life . 
 i was about to ask her if she wanted to come over to my apartment for dinner , but before i had the chance , she answered . 
 `` sure , dinner sounds great . 
 i 'm famished . '' 
 `` will you stop doing the mind reading thing for pete 's sake ? 
 it 's a little nerve racking . '' 
 alura smiled and kept her eyes focused on the road . 
 she had told me back on keob that her skill was n't actually mind reading . 
 as she puts it , ` it 's a heightened sense of awareness predicting thoughts ' . 
 what 's the difference ? 
 this gift of prediction seemed to have skipped over my gene pool . 
 i had enough difficulty predicting my own thoughts , never mind someone else 's thoughts . 
 when we got back to my apartment , sally was sitting next to the door with her leash in her mouth as usual . 
 alura wasted no time hugging her and saying how much she was missed . 
 i scratched my head wondering if sally had some innate mind reading talent of her own . 
 `` looks like you 're not the only mind reader around here , '' i said while taking the leash out of sally 's mouth . 
 alura laughed and sally woofed . 
 `` alright , let 's go for a walk before dinner . '' 
 the three of us started headed out to the magical herbs shoppe . 
 it was 5:30 pm and i knew melony would be closing up soon . 
 i think sally also knew this because she dragged me along faster than usual . 
 `` maybe sally 's trying to tell you something brother . '' 
 `` yea , like she wants an herbal snack . '' 
 `` maybe something else too , '' alura said with a mischievous grin . 
 `` what ... oh come on , do n't be silly . 
 melony and i are only friends . '' 
 alura arched her eyebrow and cleared her throat , then muttered something under her breath . 
 `` give me break alura . 
 melony and i are just friends . '' 
 alura laughed . 
 `` sure you are . 
 i did n't say anything otherwise , did i ? '' 
 `` no , but you were sure thinking it . '' 
 `` nonsense . 
 who am i to interfere with the personal life of my big brother ? '' 
 `` exactly , '' i said , then alura laughed again , shaking her head as i smirked at her . 
 `` fine , believe what you want , even though what you believe is nonsense . '' 
 `` ' may be nonsense , may be true . '' 
 she said . 
 `` whatever , '' i replied and said nothing more about it , but alura grinned the entire way to magical herbs -- annoying . 
 melony was wiping down the counter top when we arrived . 
 i tapped on the window and waved . 
 she looked up and motioned with her hand to come in , which made sally woof . 
 alura began browsing right away and held sally 's leash so i could say hello to melony . 
 `` hi daniel . 
 back so soon ? 
 you must want another cup of my special tea . '' 
 `` not right now , but thank you . 
 i 'm taking sally for a walk and i think she believes magical herbs is her second home . '' 
 melony laughed and looked over to alura and sally . 
 she did n't say anything , but i could tell by her expression she was curious who alura was . 
 `` oh , let me introduce you to someone , '' i said , then waved at alura to come over . 
 `` melony , this is my sister alura . '' 
 melony 's smiled and her eyes sparkled . 
 `` i did n't know you had a sister daniel , '' she said and extended her hand to greet alura . 
 `` it 's nice to meet you alura . '' 
 `` same here melony , '' alura said , then she smiled at me like i did when finding her and thyzil at her apartment dressed in togas . 
 `` now i know why my brother keeps coming here and started dinking tea , '' she said , causing melony to laugh and blush while a customer called out for assistance . 
 `` do n't go away . 
 i 'll be right back , '' melony said and went to help an elderly lady read some labels on products . 
 `` you know she 's a witch , right ? '' 
 alura asked , grinning ear to ear . 
 my mouth dropped open . 
 `` a witch , are you kidding ? '' 
 `` nope , she 's a real witch . 
 do n't worry brother . 
 she 's a white witch , a daughter of the earth . '' 
 i had no idea what alura was talking about and she was amused at my reaction . 
 `` she 's a good witch azul . 
 if she were a bad witch , her aura would be a dark grayish color . 
 you know that . '' 
 `` a good witch does n't sound so bad , '' i muttered . 
 `` good is good , right ? '' 
 i narrowed my eyes to focus and took a hard look at melony . 
 her aura was definitely white and swirling around in gentle motions . 
 `` do n't stare azul . 
 she does n't even know she 's a witch and is under our protection . 
 we hired her to keep an eye on things so nothing could harm her . '' 
 `` we hired her ? '' 
 alura grinned and winked at me . 
 `` did i forget to tell you zwc owns the magical herbs shoppe ? '' 
 she asked while thumbing through pages of a book . 
 `` oops , it must have slipped my mind . '' 
 i looked at sally and shook my head . 
 `` i suppose you knew this too , did n't you ? '' 
 sally wagged her tail , which was in effect an admission of guilt . 
 it figures . 
 alura placed a couple small boxes of herbs on the counter . 
 melony , still wearing a beautiful smile inspected alura 's selection and tapped on top of one box with her finger . 
 `` i see you have good taste and are familiar with special herbs , '' melony said . 
 `` my customers ca n't get enough of these . 
 you must be very much in love with someone . '' 
 alura smiled and nodded her head . 
 i picked up the box that melony tapped and read anise and balm on the labels . 
 never heard of them . 
 i lifted the box to my nose and took a whiff , then sneezed . 
 alura and melony laughed and gave each other one of those looks that girls give when saying something about guys without using words . 
 `` smells like trees , '' i said . 
 `` do n't worry daniel , '' melony said . 
 `` the herb i gave to you and sally was just anise . 
 no love herbs were included . '' 
 `` brother , i like this girl , '' alura said , then butted her fists with melony . 
 great , now i have two wise gals in my life , three if counting sally . 
 things appear to have gotten more complicated . 
 it was 6:00 pm and melony prepared to close the shop . 
 alura looked at me with a coy expression so i knew she was up to something . 
 at first i thought she was just teasing me , but then she spoke . 
 `` hey melony , would you like to have dinner with us ? '' 
 alura asked . 
 `` why yes , dinner sounds wonderful . 
 give me a moment to lock up . '' 
 alura moved her head side to side while pretending to bite the tip of her tongue . 
 i expected her to stick her tongue out at me in retaliation for finding her and thyzil wrapped in sheets , but she continued smiling like a cat holding a mouse by its tail . 
 sally then led alura and me outside where we waited for melony . 
 `` well , are you going to thank me azul , i mean daniel ? '' 
 alura asked , still smiling like a cat . 
 `` ha ha ha , thank you very much . '' 
 `` you 're welcome , '' alura said , happy that she had the chance to play matchmaker . 
 `` why is melony under zeshtune protection ? 
 is that like some sort of new identity program ? '' 
 `` you have been watching too much television brother , but we do keep a close eye on her . 
 she needs our protection because many dark creatures would cause her harm if they knew what she was . '' 
 `` how does someone become a witch ? '' 
 `` all witches are born human and most are black witches that practice dark magic . 
 every now and then a white witch is born , but they are very rare . 
 white witches are pure in heart and commune with the earth . 
 they exist in harmony with nature and many of them learn to use magic for healing and protecting living things . '' 
 `` how many white witches are there ? '' 
 `` melony is actually the first of her kind that we know of for many years , and when discovered , she was put under zeshtunian protection . 
 she lives in an apartment above the shoppe making it easy to guard her using magical wards . '' 
 `` that 's good . 
 i 'm happy that she 's under our protection . '' 
 `` azul , melony is a precious treasure and dear to all natural living things that are good . 
 you especially must watch over and protect her . 
 otherwise , i 'll have to kick your butt back to las vegas where i found you . 
 got it mister ? '' 
 `` yea , i think so . '' 
 i started to frown a little and the amazing mind reading alura chuckled while pushing into my side . 
 `` you can still date her silly . 
 she wo n't break or turn you into a toad . '' 
 `` a toad ? 
 can she turn someone into a toad ? ' 
 alura let out an exhausted breath and shook her head . 
 `` really azul , for being such a great wizard who has survived for eons , you know nothing about women . 
 it 's like you 've been living under a rock . '' 
 `` more like inside a rock , my amulet to be precise , '' i said . 
 it 's true that i knew very little about women . 
 i knew even less about witches , which i decided to remedy the next chance i get when visiting the library on keob . 
 until then , i was going to enjoy a nice dinner with my sister and the good witch melony . 
 melony locked the shoppe 's door . 
 i could tell she was excited and nervous at the same time because she fumbled with her keys . 
 a moment later , the three of us with sally began walking to my apartment while engaging in conversation , mostly about how melony 's day went . 
 i kept a eye open for anything unusual , such as watchers or hunter demons , and was thankful these pests seemed to be taking a break . 
 alura was grinning at me . 
 i narrowed my eyes , not knowing what she was thinking , and her grin widened into a smile -- then the hammer dropped . 
 `` oh my goodness , i just remembered i have a business appointment , '' alura said . 
 `` sorry guys , you 'll have to have dinner without me tonight . '' 
 right ... a business appointment . 
 i should have seen this one coming . 
 i smirked at alura and she pretended not to see , but i knew she did . 
 `` oh no , that 's too bad , '' melony said . 
 `` do n't worry alura . 
 we 'll make sure to save you some dinner and you can join us later . '' 
 alura continued smiling and was on the verge of laughing . 
 she was quite pleased with herself at the moment . 
 `` sure , that sounds great . 
 i 'll see you two later . 
 have fun . '' 
 `` bye now , see you soon , '' i said with some anxiety in my voice . 
 normally i 'm not the shy type , but there is something about melony that makes me nervous . 
 i do n't know why i get flustered and wobbly at my knees , but i do . 
 having alura dine with us would have been a comforting first date security blanket . 
 it 's easier to hold a conversation with three people , but now , i was on my own . 
 in addition , i had to cook something tasty and not poison melony with my unhealthy diet . 
 if all this was n't enough , my knees began shaking as i pondered all the ways the night might turn into a disaster . 
 `` well daniel , i guess we are on our own . '' 
 `` looks that way , '' i said , my voice crackling a little . 
 a few minutes later we were in my apartment and i started up the fireplace . 
 melony sat on the couch and sally situated herself next to the fire . 
 i was shuffling around in the kitchen trying to quiet my nerves and acted like i actually knew what i was doing . 
 `` i 'm sorry melony , but i only can offer you water or beer for a beverage . '' 
 `` a beer would be great . 
 no glass . '' 
 my kind of girl : beautiful , charming , and she likes beer -- without a glass . 
 what more could a man want ? 
 melony politely watched me fumble around trying to be a good host . 
 it was painfully obvious that i never really cooked a real meal before . 
 after dropping a pan , some utensils , and spilling vegetable oil all over the kitchen counter , melony came to the rescue . 
 `` daniel , let me help you cook dinner . '' 
 `` only if you insist , '' i said , realizing that i was saved in the nick of time . 
 i cleaned up the mess i made while melony went into action demonstrating her experience in culinary art . 
 she could easily become a chef if the witch thing does n't work out . 
 in what seemed like no time at all , melony had prepared a nice salad and veggie burgers . 
 veggie burgers ? 
 hmm ... i suppose that goes with the territory of being a white witch and herb guru . 
 i did n't mind healthy food for a change and it actually tasted good . 
 the two of us enjoyed our dinner and shared stories about living in manhattan . 
 my stories were of course censored quite a bit because fighting werewolves was n't a great first date conversation , or on any date for that matter . 
 no need to scare her away . 
 besides , having a conversation with melony was easy because she had an energetic personality that was contagious . 
 even sally was interested and wagged her tail when one of us looked at her or laughed . 
 time passed by quickly , and before we knew , it was nearly midnight . 
 melony had to open the store early in the morning , so i walked her back to the magical herbs shoppe . 
 her apartment has a rear entrance , but she told me it was scary at night and she 'd prefer using the stairs inside the shoppe . 
 we then stood in the shoppe doorway smiling without saying anything for what seemed like an eternity -- those awkward moments of first dates . 
 should i kiss her , should i shake her hand , should i run home and take a cold shower ? 
 `` i had a wonderful night daniel . 
 do n't forget about the broadway show tomorrow . '' 
 `` i had a great time too melony . 
 goodnight , see you tomorrow . '' 
 melony knew i was nervous and she smiled while kissing me on my cheek . 
 she then unlocked the shoppe door and went inside while blowing another kiss from her hand to me . 
 wow , what a great date . 
 i was smiling all the way back to my apartment until i saw something standing in the shadows across the street . 
 i narrowed my eyes to focus and saw a hunter demon . 
 it was standing there watching me . 
 no problem . 
 alura said these demons were harmless unless in a group . 
 `` you 're still a creepy date buster , '' i muttered . 
 i continued walking to my apartment and watched the demon keep his gaze on me . 
 i could n't see its eyes , only the dark space under a garment hood . 
 as i got further down the street , the demon stepped out of the shadow and my neck hairs stood up . 
 i put my hand into my pocket cuffing the staff coin in my hand . 
 when i looked again , the demon was gone and my neck hairs relaxed . 
 i checked behind me several times to be sure nothing was following , and nothing was . 
 okay then , back to thinking about my great date with melony . 
 good things never last for long , not even recaps of great dates . 
 as my apartment came into sight , i saw the demon standing a few feet in front of my door and it was making a hissing sound . 
 i then heard more hissing sounds and saw two more hunter demons , which officially constitutes a group , and now potentially dangerous . 
 `` look guys , i do n't want any trouble . 
 why do n't you three mosey on back into your shadow world like good demons , okay ? '' 
 the demons hissed louder . 
 i took my staff coin out of my pocket and said , `` unclass staff , '' causing it to change instantly with blue-white lights swirling in and out of its amulet . 
 the demons seemed to be unconcerned and even attracted to the light . 
 each demon lifted their hooded head higher and pointed their boney fingers forward as they moved slowly toward me , hissing louder with each step . 
 `` you know , i had a really great night up to now . 
 how about we do a rain check and sort out our differences at another time ? '' 
 there was no response , unless you consider louder hissing a response . 
 i thought maybe they ca n't hear or do n't understand . 
 who cares , they 're still coming . 
 `` really , you 're going to make me do this tonight ? '' 
 i focused on my magic and said , `` aknor firster , '' which ignited my staff amulet with a large fire torch . 
 i waved the staff side to side warning the demons not to advance , but they kept coming . 
 i increased my concentration and made the blue-white fire roar out ten feet like a blow torch , and then something unexpected happened . 
 the demons pointed their hands at each other and became angrier , no longer interested in me . 
 one demon lunged forward attacking the other while the third stood still hissing . 
 the two demons tore each other apart with their long razor sharp fingers . 
 their hoods fell back and i saw deformed faces as though burned by fire or acid . 
 after clawing each other and ripping large pieces of their bodies apart , one demon fell to street and stopped moving . 
 the third demon that was watching the other two rip each other apart lunged forward , and in a single swing of its long fingers , cut the other demon 's head off sending it tumbling across the street . 
 a few moments later the dead demons melted from their inside out into a deep purple goo color , then disappeared as vapor into the night air . 
 only one left now ... much better odds . 
 `` hey , why do n't we just call it a day and move on ? '' 
 the demon turned toward me and placed its hands together under his garment sleeves , then lowered his head . 
 it stopped moving and did n't appear to be a threat , but i kept my staff pointed at it just in case . 
 the demon turned slowly to keep its gaze on me as i unlocked my apartment door . 
 the creepy thing was only 20 feet away and my heebie-geebies meter was all the way into the red . 
 `` how about finding a new neighborhood far away from here to hang out ? '' 
 the demon hunter made no responses to anything i said and only stared at me . 
 `` the farther the better you creep , '' i muttered . 
 i extinguished the fire on my staff and locked the door behind me arming my wards . 
 when i looked out from my window , the demon had disappeared . 
 there was a time when i did n't think anything was more annoying than mosquitoes , but then lycanthropes came along , and now hunter demons are stalking me . 
 seems to me that since magic is in my life , i should be able to use a demon repellent spell to get rid of these things , or at a minimum , hide the field of magic emitting from my apartment . 
 i summoned kyiel to learn if he had a solution . 
 `` good evening azul . '' 
 `` glad to see you buddy . 
 what can you tell me about watchers and hunter demons , and more importantly , how to get rid off them ? '' 
 `` watchers are harmless and come and go as the spell caster pleases . 
 you also can cast spells to create your own watchers . 
 hunter demons , on the other hand , are the result of darkzon gene manipulations . 
 basically , they are discarded laboratory mistakes . 
 they barely are aware of their existence and operate instinctively like a honey bee constantly seeking nourishment from flowers . 
 the magic in your amulets and apartment wards are nourishment for these demons , and they will constantly seek it out . '' 
 `` okay , so how do i get rid of them ? '' 
 `` you can not be rid of hunter demons or watchers unless you abandon all magic . 
 if one is destroyed , another will take its place . '' 
 they 're like cockroaches . 
 `` well , i do n't plan of squashing one every time they cross my path , so what other options do i have ? '' 
 `` you can also accept a hunter demon and use them to your advantage . '' 
 i arched my eyebrow . 
 `` oh ... do tell kyiel . '' 
 `` if you make a light crystal having the same magical signature as your amulets and offer it to a hunter demon , and if it accepts your gift , the demon will be binded to you . 
 the crystal has no power and only produces a harmless light that satisfies the demons hunger for magic . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` binding does n't sound like a good option . '' 
 `` it can be azul . 
 while the hunter demon is bound to you , it will guard the area where the crystal was given to him . 
 if it senses any danger may fall upon you , the demon will fight to its death to protect you . '' 
 `` how long does this binding last ? '' 
 `` bindings will end given any of three conditions : the crystal no longer emits a magical signature ; the demon returns a similar gift of equal or greater value ; or the demon is dismissed by the spell caster . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` my own demon pit bull could come in handy guarding the back alley , provided it does n't bring along any buddies . 
 what about watchers ? 
 can i shield the magic emitting from my apartment so neither watchers or hunter demons show up in the first place ? '' 
 `` yes , a shield will work . 
 however , they will not prevent them from following you home , and unlike inanimate objects , such spells placed on yourself will last only for a few minutes . 
 even a shield placed on your wards is temporary and requires maintenance every few months . '' 
 `` i should have asked you about this earlier kyiel . 
 better late than never , right ? '' 
 `` it would appear so great wizard . '' 
 `` why kyiel , i do believe you 're developing a sense humor . 
 saying good evening and making a sarcastic response is , how should i put it ... almost human . '' 
 `` perhaps you are correct azul . '' 
 hmm ... kyiel is continuing to learn . 
 chapter 19 okay kyiel , let 's do this . 
 i took one the white crystals from my lab and invoked an incantation according to his instructions . 
 the crystal glowed like my amulets , minus the magic of course . 
 i hung the crystal on the outside door knob of the ally door and hoped it would work . 
 `` that takes care of that , '' i said and dismissed kyiel . 
 a few minutes later i started thinking about the vanity plate i mailed to moon . 
 surely my message that he was next to get dusted irked him , at least a little , especially since of lupzarro was taken out . 
 maybe not ... moon is probably the new alpha now , unless some other uppity fur ball has n't yet introduced itself to me . 
 my curiosity got the better of me and i had to call his office . 
 `` moon , stillman , and kragen . 
 how may i direct your call ? '' 
 `` this is daniel zane . 
 is your boss in ? '' 
 `` please hold sir . 
 i will see if mr. moon is available to take your call . '' 
 a few moments later moon picked up his phone . 
 `` good afternoon mr. zane . 
 i was just thinking about you . '' 
 `` hey moony-boy , did you like my present ? '' 
 `` yes mr. zane . 
 i found your gift to be helpful for sharpening my teeth . 
 unfortunately , the materials used in the manufacturing process must have been below standards because it tore up rather easily and i swallowed it . '' 
 `` oh yea , well i hope you choked on it fur ball . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you do mr. zane , but there is more urgent business for us to discuss at the moment . 
 apparently you have engaged in trespassing and breaking and entering at one of my client 's properties near the waterfront . 
 i do n't need to tell you such actions are illegal . '' 
 i instantly felt anger rush inside me and had to focus on not letting it get out of control . 
 alura told me that wizards need to be careful about mixing anger with their magic because the wrong mix could level a building . 
 since sally and i live here , i did n't want to find out is she was right , so i gritted my teeth and tried to relax . 
 `` i should have known you had something to do with those bodies at sunset park . 
 i would n't be surprised if you orchestrated the whole thing yourself . '' 
 `` mr. zane , i assure you that i 'm a businessman and very successful lawyer in this city . 
 to step outside the boundaries of law is not something you will find me doing . '' 
 `` what you really mean is that you believe i wo n't catch you in the act of doing something outside the law . 
 unfortunately for you , i operate on a different set of laws that do n't work in your favor . 
 you see , i do n't need to catch you doing anything to dust you . 
 you 're one of the bad guys , and that 's all it takes . '' 
 i never liked attorneys and thought of a line in shakespeare 's king henry vi : ` the first thing we must do is kill all the lawyers ' . 
 sure , there are some lawyers who are probably decent human beings and we all know stereotyping in not a good thing to do . 
 in my own defense , no pun intended , i simply have never met a decent attorney . 
 in fact , moon was the only attorney i have had the misfortune of dealing with , so it 's not surprising i developed some bias towards lawyers . 
 `` hey moony , have you ever read any shakespeare ? '' 
 `` i hardly see what a dead writer has to do with our business mr. zane . 
 but if you must know , i found my conversations with him somewhat boring . '' 
 moon had conversations with shakespeare ? 
 if true , moon would be at least 400 years old , and since shakespeare 's cause of death is somewhat a mystery , i bet he might know something about it . 
 `` i will get to the point mr. zane . 
 my client is becoming increasingly concerned about your continued interference in his business . 
 he feels it is unlikely you will listen to reason and leave the city , and as a result , believes a new approach is necessary to convey his concern . '' 
 `` moony-boy , your song keeps getting older each time you sing it . 
 by the way , is n't threatening someone also against the law ? '' 
 `` i do n't make threats mr. zane , nor does my client . 
 think of it as free advice , a courtesy extended among professionals such ourselves . 
 of course , you could avoid any negative outcome if you would simply leave the city . 
 i encourage you to take this advice mr. zane . '' 
 `` it 's not going to happen moon , so go tell ah chuy kak if he wants to keep breathing air , he should find a cozy cave to hide in and leave people alone . '' 
 `` yes , i have already informed my client knowing what you would say . 
 very well mr. zane , this concludes our business . 
 one more thing , my client wants to know if you would recommend being a customer of the magical herbs shoppe . 
 he plans on visiting soon to sample their products . '' 
 moon was making an implied threat to harm melony . 
 a chill ran down my spine and i nearly lost my temper again . 
 `` moon , if you ... '' the phone disconnected . 
 i raced out of my apartment to melony 's place while trying to call her . 
 no answer . 
 damn it . 
 i swear , if anything has happened to melony , i will skin moon his two partners alive . 
 i leaped up the stairs to melony 's apartment and pounded on the door . 
 `` melony , are you alright ? 
 it 's daniel . 
 are you alright ? '' 
 i heard the door unlock and melony appeared in a bathrobe and had a towel wrapped around her head . 
 `` daniel , what 's the matter ? '' 
 `` are you alright ? 
 i thought you might need help . '' 
 melony became confused and frightened . 
 i could see she was not in immediate danger , but that did n't mean trouble was n't coming . 
 `` help ? 
 what kind of help ? 
 i just got out of my bath daniel , what 's wrong ? '' 
 melony invited me in and we sat of the couch . 
 she was visibly shaken by my freaking out -- who would n't be ? 
 what should i tell her ? 
 would she even believe me ? 
 anything about lycanthropes or the supernatural would not only make her more frightened , but if she did n't believe me , i 'd become the village idiot in her eyes . 
 `` melony , do you trust me ? '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` yes daniel , of course i trust you . 
 please , tell me what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` we have to leave right now , this instant , and no questions . 
 can you do this melony ? '' 
 `` i guess so , but i do n't understand daniel . '' 
 `` i 'll explain later . 
 right now you need to get dressed quickly and we have to go to my apartment . 
 hurry melony . '' 
 melony got up without saying a word to get dressed . 
 she was shaking and had tears in her eyes . 
 i had to protect her . 
 something bad was coming soon , tonight i 'm sure . 
 ancient mayan gods and their overlords are known throughout history for horrific acts against mankind , and whatever was coming , it would be much worse than any lycanthrope . 
 melony finished putting on her jeans and a maroon hoodie while i called alura for help . 
 before i could select her number , my phone rang . 
 it was alura . 
 `` azul , you and melony need to get out of there right now . 
 sarila is tracking something very dark coming your way . 
 you have less than five minutes to get back to your apartment . '' 
 `` we 're leaving right now . 
 meet us at my apartment alura . '' 
 `` keep your phone on azul and engage the global satellite tracker . 
 sarila is sending the satellite feed showing where this thing is as it approaches . 
 i 'm on my way . '' 
 i touched the global tracker icon on my phone and saw a real-time satellite image of the neighborhood . 
 whatever was coming for us was moving fast . 
 i took melony 's hand and we ran down the stairs and street as fast as we could move . 
 `` hang on melony , we 'll be safe in my apartment . 
 just keep running as fast as you can . '' 
 melony was terrified , shaking , and crying , but remained quiet . 
 we were running as fast as possible and i hoped it was good enough to reach my apartment in time . 
 as we turned the last corner , i looked up and down the street and everything appeared normal . 
 my apartment was in sight now and i thought we would make it . 
 `` okay , just a few more yards melony . '' 
 what was that ? 
 i saw something at the end of the street moving towards us . 
 it was a dark green mist about the size of a bus and moving quickly . 
 only a few more feet now . 
 i took my keys out of my pocket to unlock the apartment door . 
 we did n't look back , but there was something very close , moving fast , and almost upon us . 
 i did n't have time to think , only act . 
 get the door open ... get the door open . 
 `` daniel , '' melony said in a shaken voice . 
 the lock on my apartment door turned and melony and i pushed forward falling to the floor . 
 i looked up and saw the dark mist just a few feet away before i kicked the door shut rearming my wards . 
 the mist hit my door hard enough to shake the walls and floor as my wards delivered a punishing array of energy . 
 blue-white bolts of light shot out from the door and window frames , like a tulsa tower . 
 whatever chased us was being struck repeatedly by my wards . 
 it made horrible agonizing noises , unlike anything i 've ever heard before . 
 a minute latter , the attack stopped and there were no more sounds . 
 melony was lying next to me with her face pushed in my chest crying and shaking uncontrollably . 
 sally barked furiously the entire time , but then laid down next to melony and i after the attack ended . 
 `` melony , are you okay ? '' 
 `` i ... i think so . 
 i think i 'm alright . 
 is it over ? '' 
 i rocked melony in my arms . 
 `` yes , it 's over . 
 we 're safe . 
 it 's okay now . '' 
 `` what was that thing daniel ? 
 why was it chasing us ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , but whatever it was , it 's something really bad . 
 it 's okay now melony , we 're safe here . '' 
 sally got closer to melony 's face and gave her a couple of slobber kisses . 
 melony put one of her arms around sally and hugged tight . 
 a car screeched to a stop outside and a moment later my door lock turned -- it was alura . 
 melony , sally , and i were still laying on the floor hugging each other . 
 alura pushed the door open and stood in the doorway staring at us with her two swords in hands pointing to the ground . 
 `` is everyone alright ? '' 
 alura asked . 
 `` yea , i think so , '' i replied . 
 alura closed the door rearming my wards and placed her swords into the straps on her back . 
 i helped melony get to the couch and alura placed a blanket around her for comfort . 
 sally put her head on melony 's lap while i sat in my chair , exhausted , heart pounding , and shaking with fear . 
 `` alura , she ca n't go back to the shoppe . 
 she 'll have to stay here . '' 
 alura nodded . 
 `` how about making some tea while i get melony more comfortable ? '' 
 `` yea , good idea , '' i said . 
 alura put her arms around melony and rocked her , trying to make her relax as best possible . 
 `` we need to get her to keob , '' alura said . 
 `` she 'll be safe there until we can sort things . 
 right now though , i 'll ask sarila to have one of our doctors come here and make sure she 's alright and give her a sedative . 
 the tea your making will help relax her until the doctor arrives . '' 
 alura called sarila and filled her in on what had happened . 
 what did just happen ? 
 what the heck was that thing chasing us ? 
 a dark mist without physical form , and it was alive . 
 when it hit my door and triggered the wards , it screamed in pain . 
 the only thing i know for certain is that it felt pain , and if it feels pain , it probably could be killed . 
 my wards are designed to compensate for kinesthetic energy and returns it with greater force . 
 basically , if something goes against my wards , it will kick back 10 times as hard . 
 whatever that thing was , it was definitely hurt and retreated faster than it had pursued melony and me . 
 after pouring two cups of tea for melony and alura , i grabbed a cold beer for myself and sat back down on my chair . 
 alura still had her arms around melony 's shoulder and was softly rubbing her back . 
 melony stopped crying , but she had a distant look on her face that was filled with fear and confusion . 
 i knew now that she would have to be told about me , alura , and her being a white witch . 
 the truth is the only way melony can be protected now . 
 how do you tell someone you 're a wizard and they 're a witch ? 
 how can anyone explain the existence of dark creatures in the world that would eat your face off given a chance ? 
 melony had an innocent spirit , until tonight , and now she 'd never be the same . 
 it was n't fair . 
 a moment later my thoughts were interrupted by a knock on the front door followed by a man 's voice . 
 `` hello , i am doctor herick . 
 sarila sent me here . '' 
 i opened the door to find an old man with white hair and thick glasses . 
 i knew he was n't zeshtunian because his eyes were n't blue , and also because he wore glasses . 
 zeshtunians have excellent vision and do n't need glasses . 
 i invited him and locked the door , but this time the door and window frames did not glow as brightly . 
 the wards must need to be recharged after tonight 's attack , but this can wait until melony was better and safe of keob . 
 doctor herick performed a brief examination and then gave melony a sedative to relax her . 
 `` your friend has mild shock and needs plenty of rest . 
 it 's alright to send her to sarila though , and i encourage you to do so . '' 
 `` are you a regular doctor ? '' 
 i asked . 
 herick smiled . 
 `` yes , i certainly am . 
 sarila uses my services whenever special circumstances came up in the neighborhood . 
 i work for zwc , so i am your employee azul and available any time you need me . '' 
 `` how much do you know about what we do ? '' 
 `` details of your work are not normally discussed at the office , but i am aware of what you do and am most certainly happy to help when needed , '' he said , then looked at melony . 
 `` your friend will sleep like a baby through the night and wake feeling much better . '' 
 `` thank you very much for everything doctor , '' i said . 
 `` mr. zane , you are aware there is a fully equipped medical facility on keob with technology far superior than anything here on earth ? '' 
 i did n't know , but thought i 'd sound foolish saying so and replied , `` yes ... of course i know . '' 
 doctor herick smiled in a way telling me he knew i did n't know . 
 `` very well then , i bid you all a good evening , or i should say a better evening , '' he said , then exited the apartment . 
 having a personal on-call doctor is something i did not expect . 
 good thing though because it would be difficult explaining to the police and hospital staff how some injuries come about . 
 better to keep our business on the low as much as possible . 
 i smirked at alura . 
 `` medical facility ... when was i going to be told about that ? '' 
 `` when you needed to know , '' alura replied . 
 `` we have a bowling alley too azul , but knowing about it now is not a top priority . '' 
 why is there a bowling alley on keob ? 
 i do n't bowl , or maybe i do and do n't remember . 
 alura was right . 
 there were more important matters to deal with at the moment . 
 for now , i was grateful the night did n't end in a worse way . 
 `` come brother , help me get melony up and to your pentagram . 
 we need to transport her to keob for safekeeping and medical care . 
 sarila is expecting her and has things set up to attend to her needs . '' 
 for a petite girl , melony felt like a ton of bricks and we barely managed to get her to my bedroom without throwing our backs out . 
 while still wrapped snuggly in a blanket , we put melony in the middle of the pentagram and alura took a blue coin from a jar on a shelf and handed it to me . 
 `` remember azul , only you can make your pentagram work . '' 
 i took the coin and crushed it on the floor , then stepped out of the circle and said , `` transmati melony keob , '' and melony was transported safely to sarila 's lab . 
 alura and i returned to the living room and i noticed something on the couch . 
 when i got closer , i saw that it was the two broadway tickets for the show melony and i was going to see . 
 they must have fallen out of melony 's pocket . 
 i picked up the tickets and placed them on the end table knowing such a date wo n't be happening anytime soon . 
 our lives are now forever changed , especially for melony . 
 we sat on the couch watching flames flicker back and forth in the fireplace . 
 alura tucked her arm under mine and placed her head on my shoulder . 
 sally also felt sad and put her head on my lap as she often did when seeking comfort . 
 i stared into the fireplace in silence . 
 it was n't long before alura fell asleep . 
 i placed a pillow under her head and a warm blanket over her . 
 sitting in my chair watching her sleep , i reminded myself how fortune i was to have alura in my life . 
 she is always there for me no matter what trouble comes along , and knows i 'll always be there for her . 
 in every way , alura looked like any ordinary young woman one might meet at a coffee shop or college campus . 
 that 's what made it hard to believe she could turn into a monster killing machine in a blink of an eye . 
 she 's a perfect sister and battle proven warrior , which is a bonus in our profession . 
 i not only trusted alura with my life , but i 'd give it up in a second to protect her . 
 our bond is more powerful than any dark creature could ever imagine . 
 i began reminiscing about my old life as a professor . 
 it was a lot easier teaching , hanging out at pubs near harvard square , and studying things that were long dead and not trying to kill me . 
 somewhere in the universe many millenniums ago , i apparently decided to be a hero and beat up bad guys to save the earth from destruction . 
 now , when i finally meet a girl who i liked being around , a dark mist tried to eat us . 
 does n't seem fair , but no one ever said life was fair . 
 it should fair be though , especially for people like melony . 
 exhausted , i fell asleep in my chair and woke up to the smell of beacon and eggs . 
 when i opened my eyes , i saw alura smiling as she moved a plate of food under my nose . 
 `` rise and shine brother . '' 
 sally already had her face in her own dish chowing down breakfast and wagging her tail in delight . 
 i sat at the kitchen table with alura who was eating more food than anyone could imagine possible . 
 i was n't actually hungry , which was a first for me . 
 my mind was unfocused and all i could do was stare at my plate . 
 alura looked at me for a sign of life , but after a minute of silence , she started a conversation . 
 `` so big brother , what are we going to do today ? '' 
 i kept staring at my breakfast and muttered , `` shakespeare had the right idea . '' 
 alura stopped eating and narrowed her eyes , not sure she heard me correctly . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 `` the first thing we must do is kill all the lawyers . 
 it 's a line from king henry vi , and it 's exactly what we 're going to do , kill all the lycanthrope lawyers at moon 's office . '' 
 `` now that 's the spirit of a master wizard , '' she said and slapped her hands on the table causing sally to bark . 
 `` you see , even sally thinks it 's a good idea . '' 
 melony was now safe on keob so that 's one less thing to worry about . 
 i had a score to settle with moon and his fury pals . 
 moon 's lineage automatically qualified him for a silver bullet , especially after what happened last night . 
 i felt more than happy to help him along to his final destination . 
 in fact , that is all i could think about . 
 `` moon will be expecting us to come after him , '' i said . 
 `` it wo n't be easy . 
 we 'll need a plan because his building surely has been fortified since our last visit . 
 we 'll also need a lot of weapons and magic . '' 
 we looked at each and both said , `` we need thyzil . '' 
 `` thyzil is always ready to beat up bad guys , '' alura said , then she wiped the corner of her mouth with a napkin before calling sarila . 
 `` finish your breakfast azul . 
 you will need all your strength more than ever . '' 
 the thought of having thyzil help us dust moon 's furry pals was enough to restore my appetite . 
 it also put a big smile on my face as i imagined thyzil counting off his kills . 
 `` sarila , have thyzil put together an arsenal to take out moon and his lycanthrope pack , '' alura said . 
 `` we also need to destroy his building , so make sure thyzil has plenty of c4 explosives and crystals . '' 
 i waved my fingers gesturing for alura to give me her phone . 
 she finished listening to sarila for a minute and then handed it to me . 
 `` how is melony ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` do not worry wizard . 
 your dear witch is being cared for by her own kind . 
 soon , she will understand what has happened and who she is . 
 it wo n't be long before you will see her again . '' 
 `` thank you sarila . 
 thank you very much . '' 
 `` it is what we do wizard , but you are welcome just the same , '' she said and the call ended . 
 `` are you ready to go fry some wolf butt ? '' 
 alura asked . 
 `` as ready as ever , '' i replied while stuffing wolfsbane into my pockets . 
 `` we 're not in any particular hurry are we ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i mean you do n't have to rush to moon 's place in your porsche like a bat out of hell , right ? '' 
 alura smirked . 
 `` you 're not going to start complaining about my driving again , are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm just saying , it wo n't kill you to obey the speed limit for once . 
 besides , i 'd like to keep my breakfast in my stomach . '' 
 `` close your eyes you big baby , '' she said , then shaked her head and smirked . 
 `` what 's the point of having a porsche if you ca n't rev it up a little ? '' 
 along the way , alura and i discussed ideas about gaining entrance into moon 's building . 
 none our ideas were particularly encouraging because we knew moon had fortified his building with mercenaries that would be on high alert . 
 we fully realized it was n't going to be as easy as the last time we paid moon a visit , which come to think , was n't all that easy . 
 alura parked her porsche a block away out of sight and we found our way to a nearby rooftop . 
 we kept low and moved to the roof edge facing moon 's building to check his defenses . 
 luckily , the edge of the roof had a three foot wall section that kept us concealed from view . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` now we see what we 're up against , '' alura said while pulling out a small spyglass from her pocket to scope out the perimeter . 
 `` he has two snipers on the roof and five armed men patrolling outside . 
 there are probably more i ca n't see and definitely more inside . '' 
 `` lycanthropes ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` doubt it . 
 military trained human mercenaries most likely . 
 the bad kind who got dishonorable discharges or did time at leavenworth penitentiary . 
 the lycanthropes will be holed up together somewhere inside the building . '' 
 chapter 20 sarila sent a text message saying thyzil was ready to transport pending our return to alura 's apartment . 
 i easily imagined the big smile on thyzil 's face when sarila told him about our battle plan . 
 `` we kill every last doggy , '' i said in broken english , impersonating thyzil 's accent and causing alura to laugh . 
 `` hopefully , moon is holed up somewhere in his office building , '' she said . 
 `` yea , let 's hope . 
 if he is , this will be the last night on earth he 'll ever see . '' 
 everything was moving fast and little daylight remained , so alura drove to her apartment like she was racing in the indianapolis 500 . 
 i must be getting use to her driving because my knuckles did n't turn white . 
 in fact , i actually kept my eyes open the entire way and wondered if her car had some sort of magical charm , or maybe the police just gave up chasing her down . 
 `` hey , how is it that you never get a ticket for the way you drive ? '' 
 i asked . 
 alura smiled , then pushed a button on her dash that opened a glove compartment . 
 dozens of tickets fell out . 
 `` just part of the job , '' she said . 
 `` it 's not like we have much time to respond to emergency situations , so a heavy foot on the pedal is justified , and it helps save the day more times than not . '' 
 `` there must be thousands of dollars of unpaid tickets here , '' i said and added , `` and they still let you drive ? '' 
 `` sarila makes sure the tickets are deleted from the police database . 
 i guess i 'm a little behind in cleaning out my car . '' 
 `` huh ... is n't deleting tickets illegal little sister . '' 
 `` and monsters killing people is n't ? 
 really azul , we are no different than fire trucks or the police , and as i have always said , you can always walk if you do n't like the way i drive . '' 
 fair enough . 
 we are the first responders of the supernatural world , so i should n't complain . 
 alura parked the porsche in her usual spot and we hurried to her apartment . 
 once at her front door , she paused before placing her key into the lock . 
 `` you do it azul . 
 both our keys open each others doors and our amulets protect us from our wards . '' 
 i used my key to unlock the door and her wards disarmed . 
 `` does this only work with keys ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no , you can also touch the lock with any of your amulets , or place your hand on the door and say ` entra azul ' . 
 we actually use keys only to appear normal in case someone is watching . '' 
 `` we can use a magic word ? 
 that would have been nice to know before i fumbled with my keys when that green mist tried to kill melony and me . '' 
 `` who would have thought something might chase you down that you could n't obliterate ? 
 but yea , sorry for not telling you sooner . '' 
 alura sent a text to sarila letting her know we were ready , and a minute later , her pentagram lit up shooting blue-white light from the floor to the ceiling . 
 thyzil appeared dressed in his medieval battle gear with two large cases , and of course , wearing a huge smile . 
 `` someone call for strong good looking warrior ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` good looking , perhaps , '' alura said and jumped into his arms . 
 `` we 'll see about the warrior part later tonight hot shot . '' 
 thyzil roared in laughter . 
 `` yes , tonight i battle again my princess . 
 i look forward to splitting hairs with big doggies ... their hairs , not mine . 
 wizard , i see you are ready to fight our enemies , yes ? '' 
 obviously , thyzil was speaking in terms of my state of mind when saying i appeared ready . 
 there was nothing new about my wardrobe . 
 i was dressed in jeans , a navy blue t-shirt , and the brown leather jacket and hat alura bought me . 
 the whole military fatigue thing was not my style . 
 my wizard bag was ready enough though and filled with a variety of magic coins . 
 `` good to see you thyzil . '' 
 `` of course wizard , '' he said , still laughing with his baritone voice echoing throughout the apartment as he lifted alura into the air . 
 alura laughed and jabbed thyzil in the ribs . 
 he pretended to feel it , rubbing his side and making a fake frown . 
 `` working out alura ? '' 
 he asked . 
 alura rolled her eyes while thyzil winked at me , singling his pleasure in getting a reaction . 
 rolling eyes was alura 's way of protesting egotistical self-complements . 
 needless to say , she often rolled her eyes at thyzil who was anything but humble . 
 `` okay you two , '' i said . 
 `` grab what you need so we can get this show on the road . '' 
 alura went into her bedroom to put on her own battle gear and emerged a few minutes later wearing black fatigues , two swords strapped to her back under grenade belts , and desert eagle pistols holstered to each of her legs . 
 i still had difficulty understanding how someone so petite could carry so many weapons or even fire a .44 caliber magnum pistol . 
 the gunfire noise alone sounded like a stick of dynamite exploding . 
 it did n't seem to bother alura in the least because she fired those canons like they were toys . 
 `` so , we remain inconspicuous by using keys to unlock your door , but walking in plain sight armed to the teeth does n't cause you any concern ? '' 
 i asked alura . 
 she grinned and said , `` nope , not at all . 
 if anyone should ask , we just say that we 're on our way to a costume party . 
 do n't forget , we 're in manhattan . '' 
 i looked at thyzil , and yeah , he certainly did look like he was heading off to a costume party -- as atilla the hun . 
 the three of us walked to the garage where alura kept a white van to use when traveling with thyzil , due to his physical size . 
 i guess in a way the van was actually thyzil 's ride , which makes me the only one in this trio carless . 
 `` just go buy one azul and stop complaining , '' alura said . 
 `` how about you stop listening in on my thoughts ? '' 
 `` i wish , '' she said . 
 `` honestly , how do you live with yourself with all that trivial nonsense going on in that head of yours ? '' 
 `` it 's not trivial to me . 
 you know what ? 
 i 'm going to wrap my head in aluminum foil the next time i go someplace with you sister . '' 
 alura laughed . 
 `` go right ahead . 
 if you want to look like a baked potato , be my guess . '' 
 thyzil smiled . 
 `` i would like to see this wizard . 
 how much foil will wrap your head ? '' 
 alura laughed again . 
 `` it would take a lot given his ego . '' 
 `` sticks and stones alura , sticks and stones , '' i said . 
 my curiosity about what thyzil was carrying in the two cases was getting the better of me . 
 after he put the cases into the van , i took a look inside one and saw thyzil 's mammoth claymore and an assortment of silver weapons , such as darts and daggers . 
 there was also something i have not seen before -- two crystals about the size of cucumbers . 
 one crystal was a deep ruby color and the other yellow . 
 the second case had the usual arsenal of silver laced grenades and silver filled hollow point bullets . 
 there were also large blocks of c4 the size of melons , enough to level moon 's building to the ground , and perhaps half the city . 
 `` what are the crystals for ? '' 
 i asked thyzil . 
 `` big surprise for doggies . 
 first we kill doggies we see , then put crystals together and boom , '' he said , moving his hands in a large circle . 
 `` no more doggies not seen . '' 
 cool weapon . 
 maybe we should throw it inside moon 's lobby and sit back to watch all the fun . 
 of course , alura knew what i was thinking . 
 `` we have to place the crystals as close to the middle of the building as possible to have maximum effect , '' she said . 
 `` the blast is not an explosion and wo n't harm the building or humans , but it will shake the ground . 
 it produces a wave of high molecular energy that destroys living cells of anything not human or zeshtune with an effective range of an entire city block , so all the lycanthropes should become crispy critters . 
 the downside is that we must be at least 300 feet away from ground zero or the molecular wave could put us in a comma . '' 
 `` no problem . 
 i can run 300 feet pretty darn quick when i have to , '' i said . 
 `` do n't forget that moon has heavily armed mercenaries , '' alura said . 
 `` we 'll may have to fight our way into the building and place the crystals at the center of the 10th floor . 
 it wo n't be easy , '' `` it never is , easy that is , '' i said . 
 even so , it was a simple plan . 
 lot 's of shooting , sword slicing , and magic . 
 the crystals are a nice touch , like icing on a war cake . 
 when we leave moon 's building this time , i wanted to be sure i 'd never have to think about the irritating little fur ball ever again . 
 so far , he has been like a bad rash that wo n't go away . 
 `` what if he is n't there ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` has anyone thought about the possibility moon may not even be in the building ? '' 
 `` sarila is 99 % positive he has been in the building since lupzarro was destroyed , '' alura said . 
 `` it 's the safest place for him because he knows that anyplace else might make him an easy target . 
 he also knows we 're coming for him and believes he 'll win this fight , especially on his own turf . '' 
 the reality of having to fight our way through mercenaries and lycanthropes was setting in , but we have thyzil this time . 
 all magic aside , nothing beats having a great warrior , two counting alura , who will watch your back in the thick of things . 
 alura and thyzil were incredibly fearless and fought monsters like they were taking a walk through central park . 
 they counted on each other to survive and will never know how much i counted on them for my own survival . 
 it was dark outside by the time we arrived where alura and i first conducted our reconnaissance . 
 we parked the van and went to the same rooftop to meet someone sent by sarila . 
 like the good dr. herick , these allies pledged to help fight against the dark despite being exposed to great risk . 
 our ally waiting for us today was a tall man in military uniform . 
 `` good evening . 
 my name is lieutenant mack . 
 i have a team standing by as backup should you need help . 
 we are not authorized to kill any humans as you already know , but we can stick them with tranquilizers , effectively taking any mercenaries out of play . '' 
 the lieutenant handed each of us a two-way radio ear piece set on a military frequency and pointed to where snipers were stationed on moon 's roof . 
 he told us to signal when we were ready to breach the building perimeter and his own snipers would take out the enemy outside the building , including moon 's rooftop snipers . 
 `` if you get into a jam , say so and i 'll send in the troops , '' mack said . 
 things were looking better . 
 two zeshtune warriors , a master wizard , and a team of special forces make the odds of surviving the night much more favorable . 
 i wondered how deep sarila 's organization reached . 
 maybe tomorrow i 'll ask her , assuming there is a tomorrow , but now it 's time to kick fur ball butt . 
 after a few minutes reviewing our battle plan with lieutenant mack , we headed to position ourselves at the perimeter of moon 's building . 
 we had the cover of night as an advantage , but could not pass the corner of the adjacent building without being seen . 
 alura took the lead . 
 `` are you two ready ? '' 
 alura asked . 
 i took my staff coin out of my pocket and turned it into a staff , then said , `` yup , sure am . '' 
 thyzil nodded in agreement and alura pushed the com-link on her ear piece telling lieutenant mack to take out moon 's security . 
 phew , phew , phew . 
 a series of tranquilizer darts flew over our heads and we saw the mercenaries outside the building drop like flies . 
 now was our chance to breach the building . 
 i gathered the magical energy inside me and could feel it surging through my body . 
 my necklace and ring amulets began to glow as did the amulet on top of my staff . 
 thyzil had his claymore stretched out to one side and alura 's desert eagles were in her hands ready to fire . 
 we ran across the parking lot to the front of the building and looked through the glass doors -- there was no one in the lobby . 
 `` where are the security guards ? '' 
 i asked . 
 alura shrugged . 
 `` hiding and waiting most likely . '' 
 i touched the door lock with my staff and it liquefied into molten steel , hissing as it hit the cool ground . 
 alura moved inside first , slowly keeping her eyes open for a trap , but nothing happened . 
 thyzil and i followed her watching with equal attention . 
 once inside , we noticed the elevator doors were open . 
 alura and thyzil shook their heads side to side recognizing the convenient death trap . 
 alura pointed her finger at thyzil and then to the rear stairway door . 
 thyzil nodded and he darted off to it . 
 she then looked at me and pointed toward the front stairway for us to go up . 
 the stairway was very dark , except for the small amount of light generated by my staff amulet . 
 i concentrated and my amulet provided more light for us to see 10 feet ahead . 
 we continued up the stairway until alura raised her hand up in a fist to signal stop moving and looked down the stairwell . 
 she then put her finger to her lips telling me to remain quiet . 
 there was something coming up the stairs and not far behind us . 
 a few moments later i smelt wet dog hair and knew lycanthropes were near . 
 alura motioned to start up the stairs again , but this time , we were running as fast as we could while growls got closer from behind us . 
 when we reached the 8th floor and looked back , there were four yellow eyes glaring at us from about twenty feet down the stairway . 
 alura tried to open the 8th floor door , but it was locked . 
 we then saw the outlines of two lycanthropes as they moved towards us . 
 alura pushed me aside and shot both desert eagles at the same time hitting each lycanthrope dead center in their heads . 
 the fur balls yelped and fell down the stairway as they burned into ashes . 
 a few moments later , only dim ambers could be seen flickering in the dark , so we continued up to the 9th floor . 
 `` we 're close alura . 
 i can sense it . 
 let 's check out this floor first so nothing follows us up to the 10th floor . '' 
 alura checked to see if the door was locked -- it was . 
 i touched the handle with my staff and melted the lock causing both the inside and outside handles which dropped on the floor . 
 alura looked through the hole and did n't see anything , then slowly pushed the door open with the tip of her pistol . 
 we walked into an office setting filled with cubicle workstations and five foot tall sectional walls . 
 each cubicle had the standard office furniture : desk computer , phone , and usual assortment of nine-to-five underpaid workplace charm . 
 the ceiling lights were off , but low watt lights were working inside emergency exit signs above both stairway doors . 
 there was not much light , but enough so someone would not break a leg tripping over something . 
 the smell of lycanthropes filled the room and my neck hairs stood up , warning me of eminent danger . 
 there was an eerie stillness , like the calm before a hurricane blows up your house while you 're making a sandwich . 
 alura paused , and then looked at me to check if i was aware of what was coming . 
 i pointed my staff forward and she had both her pistols extended straight out ready to fire . 
 as we passed each cubicle , alura pointed one pistol to her side while keeping the other aimed straight down the corridor . 
 i kept my staff fixed on the other side , ready to release a flurry of magic , and its amulet began making swirls of blue-white light that moved in and out like solar flares . 
 magical energy was surging through my body , increasing my sense of awareness as the smell of lycanthropes intensified . 
 we reached the center of the room , and even though we did n't see any fur balls , we knew they were there . 
 alura and i stood in place back-to-back and continued scanning the room . 
 `` they 're here ... very close , '' i whispered , tightening my grip around my staff and ready to smoke anything that moved . 
 the stairway doors at each end of the room opened slowly and something entered . 
 i could n't see what it was because the cubicle walls obstructed most of my view , but i did n't need to see . 
 a low growl sounded in front of me and another from behind where alura was facing . 
 more growling then sounded out from all directions in the room -- we were surrounded . 
 my heartbeat raced and adrenalin raged through my bloodstream . 
 i was ready , focused , and barely able to hold back the magic swelling inside me -- bring it on . 
 in a single coordinated attack , cubicle walls began being tossed into the air as lycanthropes leapt towards us . 
 three were coming at me and i assumed as many were heading towards alura . 
 boom , boom , boom . 
 alura 's pistols fired off hollow point silver bullets in rapid succession . 
 i moved my staff side to side and said , `` aknor stellara , '' sending bolts of lightning that struck the three approaching lycanthropes . 
 they howled in pain and turned into balls of fire . 
 i heard alura reloading new clips into her pistols as the spent ones dropped to the floor . 
 `` got three here , '' she said . 
 `` me too . '' 
 `` keep your eyes peeled azul . 
 there are a lot more nearby , and do n't forget , they 're shapeshifters . 
 the older ones know how to take inanimate forms , or make you think they have , so do n't pass a water cooler or vending machine thinking what you see is real . '' 
 a water cooler ? 
 she 's got to be kidding . 
 the stairway door we came up from had debris blocking the door from the office wreckage , so that was n't an option for escaping . 
 in slow deliberate steps , we moved toward the unblocked stairway door , still scanning the office for any movement . 
 alura reached for the door handle , but it moved open several inches before she touched it . 
 clawed fingers began curling around the door edge and we heard a deep angry growl . 
 alura jumped back from the door and nearly broke my nose when her head hit me . 
 `` oooouch , '' i said in a soft voice , rubbing my nose with one hand and keeping my staff steady with the other . 
 alura continued pushing her back against me , moving us both back several feet as we both prepared to let armageddon loose on whatever came through the door . 
 we did n't have to wait long when a large metal object glowing with blue-white light pierced through the center of the door . 
 the angry growl turned to a loud whimper and as the door slowly opened . 
 i could n't believe my eyes . 
 thyzil was holding a lycanthrope on his blade through the door with one hand . 
 he smiled like he won the oscar , and then kicked the door forward , pushing the fur ball off his blade . 
 a few seconds later the dead lycanthrope turned into a fiery dust ball . 
 alura lowered her pistols and grinned . 
 `` took you long enough , '' she said . 
 thyzil looked around the room seeing the havoc and six piles of smoldering wolf meat . 
 his victorious smile turned into a frown as he lowered his claymore as though defeated . 
 `` you started party without me ? '' 
 `` snooze and you lose mighty warrior , '' alura said . 
 thyzil looked at me for support as alura and i headed up the stairway to the 10th floor . 
 there was nothing i could say to contradict my sister , not this time anyway , so i raised my eyebrows and shrugged while looking back at him . 
 `` okay selfish people , but next doggie is mine , '' he said and pushed his way ahead of us . 
 `` that 's fine with me , '' i said . 
 `` you can take them all on if you want . '' 
 `` do n't encourage him azul . 
 you know how he keeps score . '' 
 true enough . 
 thyzil was always in a compete mode and counted each kill like a roman solider put notches in his belt . 
 i should n't encourage the big guy because i 'll only have to pay for it later , most likely with another beer can head-crushing contest . 
 the 10th floor stairway door was already opened revealing an office floor in pitch darkness . 
 thyzil reached into his pocket and took out three glow sticks , snapped them , and tossed each into different areas to provide light . 
 this floor had a modern style decor with offices lined up along the outer walls . 
 the glow sticks did n't provide much light , but we could see well enough to make out potted plants , a sitting area with couches and chairs , and what looked like a conference room at the far end of a corridor . 
 everything looked like what one might expect to find on wall street . 
 i smiled . 
 `` the lap of luxury . '' 
 `` not my style , '' alura said . 
 `` it seems a bit sterile for lycanthropes , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` it 's all about image , money , and power sister . 
 too bad for them it 's all coming to an end . '' 
 alura grinned . 
 `` maybe you 'll see something you like and take it home as a souvenir . '' 
 `` i do n't think any of this stuff would fit in with my apartment decor . 
 perhaps a wolf tooth or a paw like a rabbit 's foot , you know for good luck . 
 now that would be cool . '' 
 alura smirked . 
 `` not if you want me to ever visit you . 
 a bit creepy , do n't you think ? '' 
 i shrugged and said , `` perhaps . '' 
 the smell of lycanthropes was not as heavy in the air as the floor below , but it was there , and we knew that fur balls were watching us . 
 none of this bothered thyzil who smiled knowing his scorecard would soon have a new total . 
 as thyzil pondered the upcoming battle , he sat down on a rich leather chair and stretched his feet over a table . 
 `` what are you planning to do thyzil , take a nap ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` not bad wizard . 
 sad we must blow up cushy seats , '' he said . 
 `` do n't waste time thyzil , '' alura said . 
 `` the sooner we use the crystals , the less lycanthropes we will have to deal with to get out of here . '' 
 chapter 21 thyzil took the red and yellow crystals out of his bag and held one in each hand , and then smiled . 
 `` crystals touch , then boom in about 10 minutes , '' he said , making a large circle with his hands to illustrate an explosion . 
 `` about ten minutes ... as in maybe seven or eight minutes ? '' 
 i asked . 
 thyzil laughed . 
 `` do n't worry wizard . 
 we have plenty of time . '' 
 `` wait , wait , wait , '' i said excitedly . 
 `` what if one of moon 's lap dogs comes along and throws the crystals out a window , or worse , it throws them at us ? '' 
 `` this is not possible , '' thyzil said . 
 `` crystals weigh more than building . 
 except for us zeshtunians , doggies can not pick up . '' 
 `` but only ten minutes ? '' 
 thyzil laughed again . 
 `` you worry too much wizard . 
 ready ? '' 
 alura nodded . 
 i hesitated and then nodded , hoping we would get out of the building in time . 
 granted , the weapon was designed to not harm humans or zeshtunians , but i still had to contend with my natural paranoia which told me 10 minutes may not enough time to get clear of the crystals , especially if we encountered fur balls along the way . 
 the very idea of having molecules race through my body and possibly put me in a comma was not a pleasant thought . 
 `` okay , here we go , '' thyzil said , then put the crystals on the floor and pushed them together . 
 there was a snap of electrical energy and the crystals melded together . 
 a couple seconds later , the crystals started to pulsate with red and yellow light in synchronization to a humming noise . 
 `` now we leave wizard , yes ? '' 
 thyzil did not need to ask a second time . 
 we headed for the nearest stairway , but stopped after opening the door and hearing lycanthropes running up the stairwell . 
 alura jumped into action grabbing two grenades from one of the belts strapped across her chest , pulled the pins , and tossed them down the stairwell . 
 the grenades thumped down the stairs and exploded setting off whimpers and howls , but more lycanthropes kept coming . 
 not satisfied with the results , alura took both belts off holding eight more grenades , pulled all the pins , and threw them into the same stairwell . 
 we closed the door and quickly stepped back . 
 seconds later , a massive explosion collapsed the stairway and completely sealed it off with large sections of concrete and steel . 
 `` so much for that exit , '' i said . 
 `` anyone have another suggestion , because i think more fur balls are coming up the other stairway across the room . '' 
 `` yes wizard . 
 i say we fight , '' thyzil said . 
 why did i even bother to ask ? 
 the lycanthropes reached the stairway door . 
 i pointed my staff toward the ceiling and said , `` raza zitum , '' releasing blue-white saw discs hovering above the top of my staff . 
 i moved my staff forward toward the stairway door and shouted , `` aktum , '' sending the saws through the door into the lycanthropes . 
 the saws ripped through their arms , legs , heads , and swirled in circles for repeat attacks . 
 as more lycanthropes appeared , the saws also attacked them in fierce rapid motions tearing them to pieces until all in sight were burning piles of ashes . 
 smoke and ambers rose from what was moments ago 20 or more angry fur balls . 
 more growls continued coming from the stairway , but no lycanthropes came near the door . 
 i guess they understood the consequences and decided to hold their ground out of sight . 
 the magic saws swirled in circles above the ash piles , and with nothing nearby to chop up , they flickered and disappeared . 
 exiting the building through the one open stairway was no longer an viable option , at least not if we wanted to stay alive . 
 using magic in such a tight area would destroy the lycanthropes , which was fine , but it might also kill us , which was not so fine . 
 hand-to-hand combat would also be difficult and risky with fur balls crawling over each other to get us . 
 if the thought of battling more lycanthropes was n't bad enough , one only needed to listen to the crystal weapon pulsating faster from behind us . 
 we were to close and time was running out . 
 great , we get to decide between being fur ball dinners or risk having a crystal induced comma . 
 the more i thought about it , the more i felt that fighting fur balls was a better choice , but wanted to get a consensus just the same . 
 `` okay , do we wait for the crystals to fry our brains or take the stairway and fight hordes of fur balls ? '' 
 i asked . 
 we looked at each other and said , `` stairway , '' and moved toward the door , but stopped when the office lights and computer monitors turned on showing moon 's face . 
 `` i hope that 's only a creepy screen saver , '' i said . 
 `` mr. zane , you certainly can be a persistent complication . 
 it would appear what has developed into a personal matter between us will have to be settled tonight . '' 
 `` well , well , if it 's not my old pal moony . 
 are you ready to get dusted ? '' 
 `` i believe my correct response should be : ` do n't count your chickens before they hatch ' . 
 is this the correct expression to use mr. zane ? '' 
 `` what do you want moony-boy ? 
 we 're a little busy here , so make your point and buzz off . 
 do n't worry though , we 'll soon see each other face to face , or fur to face in your case . 
 i 'm guessing you 'll be a pile of burning ashes in a few minutes from now . '' 
 `` very well mr. zane , as you insist . 
 as i see the situation you are in , you have two choices . 
 the first choice is to take your chances using the stairway to escape . 
 the second choice is to take the elevator which will bring you to a specially designed hunting area buried 500 feet below the surface of this building . '' 
 a bell rang and an elevator door opened from behind a hidden wall panel . 
 at the same time , all the computer monitors began displaying a large underground area the size of at least five football fields . 
 it had trees , rocks , and a number of structures resembling the 16th century . 
 the area was dimly lighted like what might be produced by a full moon . 
 `` this hunting arena is where my partners and i get in touch with our ancestry , '' moon said . 
 `` many have visited us here , but sadly , no one has ever left . 
 i very much would like you and your friends to join us for a game of survival . 
 should you win the game , you will be free to leave as you came , hopefully not too badly damaged . '' 
 lousy choices . 
 i looked back at the pulsating crystals knowing time was not on my side . 
 after a long pause , moon grinned and spoke again . 
 `` mr. zane , please do n't be concerned about your interesting toy . 
 the discharge may very well destroy my pack , but it will not reach my partners and me here . 
 since you have come to my place of business to share quality time and to get better acquainted , this is the opportunity to fulfill that purpose , however , you must make your decision quickly mr. zane . '' 
 now we have three options : brain fry , stairway slicing and dicing , or playing in a lycanthrope reality show . 
 `` decisions , decisions ... what should we do ? '' 
 i asked , rubbing my chin as a sign of indifference and to tick off moon . 
 `` perhaps this might help you to make a decision , '' moon said . 
 the camera at the arena panned to an area showing three human hostages chained to a wall . 
 there was a man , women , and young child . 
 moon has hostages -- that certainly narrows down our options . 
 anger built up in me triggering a reaction on my staff amulet that created sparks and intense illumination . 
 i again recalled what alura told me about controlling my emotions with magic . 
 i concentrated on calming down and my staff amulet became less intense . 
 moon presented us with no real choice . 
 if we did nothing , our brains might turn into mush . 
 if we chose the stairway , we 'd likely become wolf chow , the hostages will die , and moon would escape to kill more humans . 
 if we chose the hunting area , it is also likely we 'd become wolf chow , but there 's a chance to destroy moon and maybe save the hostages . 
 we had to go to the hunting arena . 
 `` the crystals will destroy the lycanthropes inside the building and lieutenant mack will be sure none escape , '' alura said . 
 `` we must take this fight to moon and finish it . '' 
 thyzil raised his sword . 
 `` i never fought inside an arena . 
 sounds exciting ... count me in . 
 besides , you need my protection , yes ? '' 
 alura rolled her eyes . 
 `` who 's going to protect you from me ? '' 
 thyzil laughed . 
 `` my warrior princess is ... how you say ... a tough cookie , yes wizard ? '' 
 `` she sure is , '' i replied and alura smiled , then i pointed my staff at moon 's face on the monitor . 
 `` we 're coming for you fur ball . '' 
 `` an excellent decision mr. zane . 
 i look forward to our sharing quality time on a more personal level . '' 
 the computer monitors went dark and we entered the elevator . 
 there was only one button , obviously programmed to bring us to the arena . 
 or maybe just blow us up . 
 moon was a hunter and had us trapped . 
 it 's not likely he would find much enjoyment blowing us up when he can hunt us on his own grounds , traps and all . 
 even so , i still considered the likelihood we were being taken to an underground tomb with no arena . 
 if there was an arena , it did n't mean moon would actually be there . 
 the last time alura and i were in this building , moon appeared on a monitor that could have been broadcasted from anywhere in the world . 
 this time was different . 
 moon had a plan , and as any evil dark lawyer would do , he puts his business first . 
 plus it was more personal now . 
 he wanted to rip out my heart and eat it while i watched . 
 moon will definitely be at the arena . 
 alura kept both desert eagles ready to fire and i tightened my grip on my staff as we entered the elevator . 
 thyzil , on the other hand , was checking out his smile on the side of his shinny claymore blade . 
 `` really thyzil ... we 're about to be torn apart and you 're worried about your smile ? '' 
 i asked . 
 thyzil kept checking his teeth like a dentist and was unmoved by my insinuating he was vain . 
 `` one never knows when time is up , '' he said . 
 `` if my time is up , i shall look good when zeshtunians gather to honor me . '' 
 `` they are not going to see your teeth thyzil , '' alura said . 
 `` your mouth and eyes will be closed at your funeral . '' 
 thyzil lowered his sword to his side and frowned . 
 `` is this so ? 
 too bad , i have good looking teeth . '' 
 alura rolled her eyes and shook her head at me . 
 `` you got ta love the big clutz . '' 
 thyzil laughed . 
 `` yes , i am lovable , like big teddy bear , '' he said and pulled alura close to his side . 
 a bell rang and the elevator door opened . 
 it took a few moments for our eyes to adjust to dimmer light as we stepped out onto a wide ledge about fifty feet above a forest . 
 i looked up at the ceiling that was a couple hundred feet higher from where we stood . 
 the ceiling had stars and a moon that created artificial light . 
 crickets were making noise and the sound of a distant owl could be heard . 
 there was even a gentle breeze blowing making the leaves in trees rustle . 
 everything looked very real . 
 `` this is good place to die , '' thyzil said , taking in a deep breath of air as if today was like any other day . 
 i raised my eyebrows at thyzil from being surprised to hear this renowned zeshtune warrior may have a death wish . 
 thyzil noticed and grinned . 
 `` not me wizard , those big doggies . '' 
 `` oh ... yeah , that 's a much better way of putting it . '' 
 a moment later the area shook . 
 `` the crystals went off , '' alura said . 
 `` any lycanthropes inside the building above us are now dust . '' 
 `` good to know , '' i said . 
 `` at least we wo n't have to fight our way out of the building above , assuming we ever make it out of this hell-hole . '' 
 as i thought about our possible doom , a light turned on behind us . 
 we turned to see where the light was coming from and there was moon with two other lycanthropes dressed in their expensive business suits . 
 i recognized moon 's companions from a large portrait in his conference room during our first visit . 
 they were his law partners and the three of them were now standing in a skybox about thirty feet above us . 
 i thought for a moment to blast them out of the box with magic , but moon spoke before i decided . 
 `` good evening and welcome to our special hunting arena . '' 
 moon must have known i was thinking about blasting him to smithereens because he told me not to waste my wizardry talent . 
 evidently we were seeing only his reflection coming from behind a fortified wall where the three fur balls actually stood . 
 `` i did n't take you for the cowardly type moon , '' i said . 
 `` are you and your partners afraid to come out and fight like big boys ? '' 
 `` on the contrary mr. zane , my partners and i are very much looking forward to joining you in the arena -- you can count on it . 
 first , however , you will need to consider the other invited guests you saw earlier . 
 should you and your friends survive and find the humans , we will be close by to engage you in a final resolution . 
 be quick mr. zane . 
 there are dangerous things in this arena . '' 
 the skybox dimmed and blended into the background . 
 i turned back facing toward the arena and saw a path leading from the ledge down to the forest floor . 
 `` looks like that 's the way down , '' i said . 
 `` come on , let 's go find the hostages . 
 i doubt moon will keep them alive very long , so we best not waste even a second of time . '' 
 `` we will find them azul , and save them , '' alura said . 
 `` and when they 're safe , we 'll put an end to moon and his partners . 
 this very day is the last those beasts will live . '' 
 we began the descent from the ledge on a narrow path of solid rock . 
 it was n't steep , but jagged at spots required careful balancing to avoid falling . 
 a few minutes later we reached the forest floor and looked up at tall evergreens that created a thick canopy . 
 there was only one path visible through the trees , leaving us no choice but to take it . 
 the moonlight sprinkled through the tree canopy creating a chilling effect and reminded me of one of lon chaney jr. 's old black and white werewolf movies . 
 i expected to the actor to jump out from every corner we turned . 
 damn spooky place . 
 there were sounds of things rusting in bushes , causing us to raise our guard up , at least for alura and me . 
 thyzil looked like he did n't have a care in the world . 
 it was times like this when i truly appreciated thyzil 's confidence and lack of fear . 
 if he were surrounded by a pack of lycanthropes , i 'd expect him to wave them forward to attack while laughing and swinging his sword in the air as a taunt . 
 we soon came to a small clearing with a log cabin with a fenced in section that looked as though it housed livestock at one time , but now was empty . 
 our eyes had now fully adjusted to the moonlight and we could see well ahead in all directions up to the tree line . 
 i started to move forward and thyzil put his hand on my shoulder stopping me . 
 `` let me go first wizard . 
 could be trap . '' 
 `` okay , if you insist big guy . 
 alura and i will cover your back . '' 
 alura 's had her desert eagles pointing at an angle toward the ground and i gripped my staff tightly in both my hands ready to release the magic i stored up . 
 when we reached the front porch of the cabin , thyzil stopped . 
 `` wait here , '' he said . 
 `` i will check little house , '' he said . 
 thyzil exited the cabin a few moments later and leaned against a porch post with his head hanging down . 
 his face was pale and he had a distant look about him . 
 something in the cabin frightened him . 
 thyzil frightened ? 
 not possible . 
 no , his look was shock , not fear . 
 `` what is it thyzil ? '' 
 alura asked . 
 thyzil did n't reply and kept looking down at the ground with his head hanging . 
 `` thyzil , what did you see ? 
 alura asked and still there was no response . 
 alura and i looked at each other knowing that whatever thyzil saw , it had to be horrible . 
 alura and i went inside the cabin and our eyes widened in horror . 
 three dismembered heads were on a table next to their skeletal remains sitting in chairs . 
 it was as if the bodies were a warning to anyone entering entering the cabin . 
 alura gasped when she recognized the bodies were dressed in the same armor thyzil was wearing . 
 `` they are zeshtune warriors , '' she said . 
 `` they are our people azul . 
 it is likely thyzil knew these men , perhaps as close friends . 
 look , they each have the same tribal insignia on the hilt of their claymores . '' 
 `` how long have they been here ? '' 
 `` a very long time , '' she said as her eyes filled with tears . 
 `` there is no record of any zeshtune warriors who have gone missing for thousands of years . 
 these men died here long ago . '' 
 `` what about thyzil ? 
 he went missing , did n't he ? '' 
 `` yes , but not after achieving recognition . 
 these zeshtunes warriors are from days long past and died after recognition . 
 there should have been some record of their disappearance . '' 
 we left the cabin and saw thyzil still leaning against the porch post and looking at the ground . 
 alura went over and hugged him with tears running down her checks . 
 they stood there in silence as i sat on the porch floor and stared out into the forest . 
 what happened here ? 
 how could three zeshtune warriors be defeated ? 
 i 've seen alura and thyzil take out dozens of lycanthropes as if they were nothing more than annoying flies . 
 three zeshtune warriors defeated and killed like this seemed impossible . 
 alura wiped her tears away and looked up at thyzil . 
 `` we need to go thyzil . 
 we 'll come back for them , i promise . 
 we will bring them back to keob and one day to zeshtune . 
 they will be remembered as heroes and honored by our people for all time . '' 
 thyzil lifted his head and looked into alura 's eyes . 
 he wiped a tear off her check and nodded , then looked back at me . 
 `` come wizard , we will destroy the beasts that did this terrible thing , '' he said , then looked at the cabin door . 
 `` our children 's children will tell stories of your courage brothers . 
 we will avenge your deaths and come back for you soon . '' 
 thyzil turned and began walking toward the new path at the tree line . 
 his walk was clearly more determined and i had to pick up my pace to keep up . 
 alura remained quiet and in full alert mode ready to take action , her tears now replaced by anger . 
 thyzil stopped just before the tree line and looked around . 
 alura did the same and i felt the hairs on my neck and spine tingle . 
 thyzil then raised his sword above his head . 
 `` what are you waiting for ? '' 
 he shouted . 
 `` we are here . 
 come forward and die . '' 
 not exactly the strategy i would have used . 
 `` thyzil , do you think you should be yelling out like that ? '' 
 `` they watch us wizard , from behind trees since entering this place . '' 
 i looked to the tree line and saw two yellow eyes blinking . 
 then there were four more , then ten more , and then dozens of wolves watching us . 
 growls and howling sounded off along the tree line . 
 we started backing up while keeping our eyes on the trees and more growling sounded off from behind us -- we were surrounded . 
 one large wolf walked out from the trees and stopped twenty feet in front of us . 
 it was a regular alaskan type wolf on all fours , not a lycanthrope . 
 these guys were at the bottom of the lycanthrope pack hierarchy and once human . 
 a single bite or deep scratch by a lycanthrope turns humans into solider wolfs that become slaves to their pack alpha . 
 since lupzarro was dusted , it was most likely that moon is the new alpha who pulled the strings of these wolves . 
 chapter 22 it was n't long before more wolves emerged from the trees . 
 they stared us down with their backs hunched forward , noses curled , and teeth ready to attack . 
 we formed a defensive circle in the center of the clearing readying ourselves for their attack and did n't have wait long . 
 the wolf leader began walking slowly and stopped ten feet in front of thyzil . 
 `` little boss doggy scared to play ? '' 
 thyzil asked , taunting the wolf while shifting his claymore from hand to hand , all the while grinning . 
 the wolf snarled and lunged forward . 
 thyzil stood still and swung his sword in one quick motion pivoting in a circle . 
 his sword was glowing blue-white and dripped with blood as two halves of the wolf fell to the ground . 
 thyzil had severed the charging wolf clean through its mid section . 
 the lifeless head of the wolf still had its eyes open and showing its teeth . 
 each halve then turned into fiery ambers . 
 the other wolves went silent and looked at their former leader burning into ashes . 
 a few started growling and soon the others joined in . 
 here it comes . 
 i pointed my staff it at the closest wolves and said , `` raza zitum . '' 
 blue-white saw discs swirled around my staff stone and i pushed it forward and said , `` aktum . '' 
 the saws shot into the wolves with deadly force , and like a hot knife cutting through butter , the saws zigzagged in and out of the wolves dismembering their heads and limbs . 
 the wolves howled in agony as they turned into piles of ashes , and after a couple dozen were dusted , the saws flickered and disappeared . 
 alura continued firing sliver hollow point bullets in rapid succession until all her clips were empty . 
 she holstered the pistols and pulled both swords out from her back strap while somersaulting in the air , slicing away into the pack . 
 more ambers rose into the sky and the wolves cut by alura 's glowing swords piled up on one another , all of them burning to ashes . 
 she landed on her feet and started running into more wolves slicing and dicing them without so much as getting a single scratch . 
 wolves were howling trying to retreat as thyzil swung his claymore mercilessly in all directions cutting down anything in its path . 
 he could move almost as quickly as alura , which surprised me given how large he is . 
 while thyzil may be a little slower than alura , and not as agile , he was a wrecking machine that could not be stopped once started . 
 he cut through two and three wolves with single blows throwing their burning body parts into the air as if they were weightless . 
 the remaining wolves still breathing disappeared quickly into the forest and thyzil raised his glowing claymore above his head in victory . 
 `` not easy fighting zeshtune warriors . 
 come back soon doggies . 
 i bring death to you . '' 
 `` did i ever tell you how much i appreciate you thyzil ? '' 
 i asked . 
 thyzil laughed . 
 `` yes , always wizard . 
 well , not in words , but i know how you feel . '' 
 alura and i laughed so hard our eyes teared up as the three of us came together and placed our hands on each other 's shoulder to form a victory circle . 
 `` not bad . 
 not bad at all , '' i said , impressed with our team work , and happy to still be alive . 
 `` you have come a long way since harvard brother . '' 
 alura was right . 
 being azul was much more exciting than professor jonathan willington , albeit considerably more dangerous . 
 azul was also easier to say and sounds cool . 
 i smiled and said , `` azul ... master wizard of zeshtune , brother of alura , and friend of the great warrior thyzil . 
 now that 's an introduction no one could refuse . '' 
 at first alura and thyzil just looked at each other grinning . 
 a moment later we all burst out laughing again . 
 `` okay ` master wizard ' , let 's get going before those wolves double back on us . '' 
 alura said , still laughing , but in a more sarcastic tone . 
 `` there are more stars ahead than behind us , '' i said . 
 `` that means we have a way to go before reaching the center of the forest . '' 
 i looked ahead to the tree line and saw two paths . 
 divide and conquer came to mind . 
 moon obviously created the paths to separate his visitors , or more accurately his captives , and make them more vulnerable to being hunted . 
 `` wizard , you and alura take right path . 
 i take left path . 
 simple plan , yes ? '' 
 simple perhaps , but was it smart ? 
 it would have been unlikely thyzil could have survived the attack we just won if he was alone -- none of us would . 
 if separated , we would be doing exactly what moon wanted us to do . 
 on the other hand , moon has demonstrated a capacity for making errors in his calculations before , so maybe it 's not as dangerous as it appears . 
 after all , i 'm sure moon never faced off with two zeshtune warriors and a wizard during his hunting experiences . 
 even if he did , taking both paths increases the chances of finding the hostages , and this was a priority . 
 hmm ... moon did have three headless zeshtune warriors inside the arena . 
 maybe i 'm being too confident , but there was no real choice , so onward and forward to victory or death . 
 `` okay thyzil , we 'll do it your way . '' 
 i noticed thyzil was looking strangely at me and he frowned . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` wizard , you look not so good . '' 
 my magical energy was nearly depleted and i suddenly felt weak . 
 i leaned on my staff trying to catch my breath , but to no avail , and the amulet on top of my staff barely emitted any light . 
 i took out a green magic coin from my wizard bag and crushed in on the ground and said , `` relesa . '' 
 green light rose from the ground , swirled around me from head to toe , and replenished my strength . 
 i felt magical energy surging through my entire body . 
 my necklace and ring amulets glowed brightly for a few moments before dimming as the green light disappeared . 
 my staff amulet was glowing brightly again and the exhaustion i had felt left me . 
 `` wow , that was interesting , in a very odd way . 
 it was like drinking a gallon of espresso . 
 no ... it was better than espresso . '' 
 my eyes popped out as if i had too much caffeine and alura and thyzil laughed . 
 `` you look better wizard , '' thyzil said . 
 `` keep a check on your energy level brother . 
 all this magic is still new to you and your body is adjusting . '' 
 that was the first time i used one of the green magic coins . 
 i needed one when fighting lupzarro , but was separated from my wizard and could n't get to it . 
 luckily , thyzil destroyed the fur ball , and after a few hours of rest on keob , i was as good as new . 
 `` yea , i 'll keep a check on things . 
 by the way , the light from the coin was green . 
 i thought everything involving magic had a blue-white color . '' 
 `` the green coins are a healing power and derived from the earth , '' alura said . 
 `` the magic collects power and delivers it to your organic system , thus restoring your strength . 
 only pure zeshtunian magic has a blue-white color since it originates from the entire universe . '' 
 `` will it work on you and thyzil ? '' 
 `` nope , it only works on you mr. wizard . 
 since you are filled with natural magic , there is not much distinction between your organic and magic composition , thus your body strengthens and your magic restores . '' 
 `` nothing is simple , is it ? '' 
 alura smirked . 
 `` get over it brother , you think too much . 
 at least you can restore your energy . 
 thyzil and i have to check into sarila 's medical facility if hurt badly enough , so count your blessings . '' 
 good point . 
 i had instant get up and go magic , so green , blue , or any other color was irrelevant . 
 as an extra bonus , i now have a backup should i ever run out of coffee . 
 `` alright then , shall we part company and venture forward ? '' 
 i asked . 
 we embraced each other and agreed to meet back at the clearing in six hours . 
 if the hostages have been separated , it would be more difficult to find them in this maze of trees and traps . 
 six hours may not be enough , but we had to stay positive and believe we 'd find the hostages . 
 destroying moon and his fur ball partners was a high priority , but it was n't as high a priority as saving three humans from death , or worst , from being transformed into wolfs . 
 once the hostages were safe , we would find and destroy the freakin fur balls , even if it was the last thing we ever do . 
 thyzil ran down the path he had chosen . 
 the path alura and i took was covered with less treetops and the moonlight from above produced enough light to see without help from my staff . 
 `` sure looks like a real moon , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` keep quiet azul . 
 we do n't want to give away our position . '' 
 like the wolfs do n't already know where we are . 
 i bet moon was watching us on a monitor right now and placing bets with his partners on who will die first . 
 the tall trees and thick bushes on each side of the path presented some risk because it would be difficult to get through it if needed . 
 only forward or backward on the path was possible and that made for an ambush all the more a real possibility . 
 alura followed my lead with both swords held at her sides . 
 i guess the narrow path made it difficult to manage her desert eagles , but then again , she did like to mix things up to keep her skills sharp . 
 the further along the path , the more she cautiously swept her eyes side to side . 
 we walked quickly , but not carelessly . 
 rustling in the brush meant what was left of the wolves were still following us . 
 they would probably have attacked again if not for thyzil killing their wolf leader so easily , not to mention seeing so many from their pack dusted . 
 thinking this , however , did not make me any less diligent to remain on guard . 
 as alura and i rounded a bend in the path , we saw another small clearing with a cabin , which was different from the first one . 
 this cabin had smoke coming from the chimney and a light shinned from inside , meaning that someone or something was home . 
 we approached the cabin with the same caution as before and peered into the window . 
 there was someone rocking in a chair facing a fire burning in the fireplace . 
 it looked like an old women with long white hair . 
 `` how in the world is someone still alive down here ? '' 
 i muttered . 
 `` probably not human , '' alura said . 
 we opened the unlocked door and slowly entered . 
 the cabin had only one room with a rocking chair . 
 a long chain bolted into the stone fireplace strung across the floor and was shackled around the old women 's ankle . 
 she was rocking back and forth making what sounded like soft crying sounds . 
 alura and i approached the old women from opposite sides . 
 when we got in front of her , we saw she had physical deformities : pointed ears , nose extended , fingers elongated with black nails , and yellow eyes . 
 there was blood all over her shoulder where deep puncture marks were oozing with a yellowish liquid . 
 she was transforming into a wolf . 
 `` ma’am , can you hear me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the women did n't show any sign that she knew we were in the cabin . 
 she kept rocking back and forth as her yellow eyes reflected brightly against the light from the fire . 
 `` ma’am , we are here to help you ? '' 
 i said and the old women stopped rocking , then she moved her eyes up to meet mine . 
 `` help me ? 
 no one can help me , '' she said with an almost inhuman voice . 
 `` no one can help you either . 
 there is only death here ... only death ... only death . '' 
 the women turned back to the fireplace and began rocking again . 
 `` she does not have much more time before transformation is complete , '' alura said . 
 `` there is nothing we can do here azul . 
 we must go . '' 
 `` there must be something we can do . 
 anything . '' 
 `` no azul , the bite from a lycanthrope is incurable for humans . 
 once bitten , transformation into a wolf is completed very quickly . '' 
 `` death ... there is only death here , '' the old women kept repeating . 
 `` alura , we ca n't just leave her here like this . '' 
 `` yes , we can . 
 we ca n't kill her because she is still partly human and you know our law and obligation to never harm humans . 
 we have no choice but to leave her here . 
 stay focused brother , there are hostages to think about and little time remains before we are to meet thyzil back at the clearing . '' 
 looking at the women transforming into a wolf was surreal . 
 who was she and how did she get here ? 
 did she have loved ones , children , and a home ? 
 there are no words to fully describe how these poor victims must suffer . 
 zeshtune law prohibited harming humans in any way -- i knew that . 
 if the old women completed the transformation , we could kill the wolf , but full transformation may be a couple of hours away . 
 even so , if there was any chance to save the three hostages from a similar fate , we had to leave . 
 alura and i stepped out of the cabin and shut the door behind us . 
 she put her hand on my shoulder and told me it 's never easy to see such horrible things . 
 `` brother , every time i see something like this , i want to end their torture . 
 laws of our people have survived through the ages and are protected by our high council . 
 our laws draw a line between good and evil , the light and the dark . 
 if we break any of the laws , the dark wins . 
 it is not easy , but very necessary if humans and zeshtunians are to survive . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` yea , it 's not easy at all , but i understand . 
 let 's get going . '' 
 alura and i stepped off the cabin porch and a light turned on a few feet ahead of us . 
 it was a small notebook computer and the screen had numbers counting down in hours , minutes , and seconds . 
 i picked the notebook up and the screen flickered showing moon and the young girl hostage . 
 `` ah , mr. zane . 
 i see you have meet mrs. williams who is also one of my honored guests . 
 forgive her appearance . 
 my partner lost control earlier in the day , and as you can see ... well , she is a good example of what might happen to this young child should you not save her in time . '' 
 `` moon , if you harm a single hair on that child 's head ... '' `` really mr. zane , you have already announced your intentions to destroy me on more than one occasion . 
 you do n't believe another threat will make any difference , do you ? '' 
 moon was holding all the cards . 
 he was a monster and killing a little girl would mean nothing to him . 
 she was only a pawn in his sick game to lure me into a trap . 
 `` alright , what do you want ? '' 
 moon smirked and his image grew larger on the computer screen . 
 `` you already know mr. zane . 
 i want you . 
 your friends , this girl , and her parents are merely my desert . 
 you are the main course mr. zane . '' 
 `` why do n't you just tell me where you are so we can settle this once and for all ? '' 
 `` i am afraid that would not be very sporting of me , and i do enjoy our little game . 
 after all , i did promise you a chance for survival , as small as it might be . 
 i even left you this computer showing exactly how long you have before this child falls to the same fate as mrs. williams . '' 
 moon 's image disappeared and the timer continued counting down on the computer screen . 
 it showed two hours and 23 minutes . 
 moon 's voice then sounded from behind the countdown screen . 
 `` tick tock mr. zane , tick tock . '' 
 i synchronized my watch to match the computer countdown and then threw the computer it into a tree , smashing it to pieces . 
 only a couple of hours to save the girl and her parents . 
 i do n't know where to begin ... she could be anywhere . 
 alura walked over to the smashed pc and said , `` i have an idea . 
 moon probably was n't the one who handled this pc , but someone near him did . '' 
 `` and that is important ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 `` maybe , if the handler was n't using gloves and touched the computer , there might be dna residue on it . 
 if there is enough , you may be able to create a tracking spell . '' 
 `` tracking spells were not part of my training back on keob . 
 do you know how to make one ? '' 
 `` no , but kyiel does . 
 he can show you . '' 
 with all the fighting , i had forgotten all about kyiel . 
 he could be summoned anywhere , anytime , even down in this hell-hole . 
 i focused my mind and said , `` aptier kyiel , '' and he appeared a few feet in front of me . 
 `` man , am i glad to see you , '' i said and nearly fell on my face after trying to embrace him and spreading his molecules into the air . 
 `` sorry , i forgot . '' 
 kyiel always knew what was going on since his conscience was linked to mine , so i skipped over all the details . 
 `` kyiel , i need you to show me how to cast a tracking spell . 
 all we have is this broken computer and we 're hoping moon or someone near him left some dna on it . '' 
 kyiel told me to gather a handful of dirt and cover the computer with it . 
 after i did this , he told me to place my right hand on the dirt and say trako three times . 
 he said i would have to concentrate hard because dna from mere touching something was not a strong connection , like a personal item or blood would be . 
 i placed my hand on top of the dirt and said , `` trako , trako , trako , '' and nothing happened . 
 `` try again azul , with greater concentration , '' kyiel instructed . 
 i took a deep breath , closed my eyes , and again said trako three times . 
 i was startled when an electrical charge made a white flash and then watched as the dirt gathered into a small pile on top of the broken computer . 
 after another flash , the dirt turned white and glowed as bright as my staff amulet . 
 `` it is done , '' kyiel said . 
 `` now , pick up the dirt and put it in your wizard bag except for a small amount to begin tracking . '' 
 `` okay , now what ? '' 
 `` raise the dirt in your hand to you mouth and blow it toward the trees . '' 
 i did as kyiel instructed and the dirt sparkled as it lifted up in a stream and slowly moved toward the trees . 
 there were three paths this time and the dirt moved down the center path vanishing out of sight . 
 `` you can repeat the same procedure as needed until the dirt is gone . '' 
 wow , pretty cool magic . 
 i use to get in trouble as a kid when playing in dirt , but right now , dirt was my best friend . 
 i thanked kyiel and told him he could go . 
 he bowed his head ready to disappear , but then paused and looked at the cabin . 
 `` the old woman is no longer human , '' he said . 
 `` she is still chained to the chair and has some human features , but her spirit is gone . 
 only the wolf remains . '' 
 alura grimaced . 
 `` i 'll take care of this brother . 
 wait here . '' 
 alura went inside the cabin and closed the door . 
 i heard growls and the chain thrashing on the wooden floor . 
 there was a swoosh sound and then complete silence . 
 alura exited the cabin and placed her sword in the sheath on her back , then walked toward the center path without saying a word . 
 her eyes did n't have any tears because she was filled with anger . 
 `` thanks again kyiel , '' i said and he bowed his head and disappeared . 
 i pointed my staff forward and followed alura to the center path while thinking how she always came through in dire situations -- she is amazing . 
 alura looked back at me with a big smile letting me know my thoughts were understood . 
 there she goes again with her mind reading . 
 she shook her head and let out a little laugh . 
 we came to a few more paths along the way and i repeated the tracking spell sending sparkling dirt to point the way . 
 my watch showed the counter had only 12 minutes remaining , but i sensed we were getting closer . 
 moon 's continued ability to miscalculate combined with my tracking spell will give me the advantage . 
 how much of an advantage i may actually have or need was unknown . 
 more rustling in the woods continued on both sides of the path as wolfs watched and followed . 
 as long as moon was n't being tipped off by his four legged friends , he 'll be surprised when i show up -- i was counting on it . 
 the element of surprise could be the difference between being the hunter or the hunted , and there was no doubt which one i wanted to be . 
 we continued walking for ten minutes before coming to another clearing . 
 as we got closer , i saw a barn next to a cottage and stone well with a crank handle and wooden pale . 
 i have to give credit to moon for being able to accurately reproduce 16th century english settings , which is nothing compared to the engineering required to create an arena 500 feet below the surface . 
 who would have thought that lycanthropes were so capable ? 
 we pushed forward . 
 everything was eerily still , even the crickets were silent . 
 the hairs on my neck warned me certain danger lurked ahead , so i was hopeful the two minutes we had remaining might just be enough to save the day . 
 alura pointed to me and then the barn . 
 i nodded and headed toward the barn and alura entered the cottage . 
 an old kerosene lantern hanging from a post lit up most of the barn 's inside revealing bales of hay and animal stalls . 
 i checked each stall , ready for an ambush , but they were all empty . 
 as i was leaving to join alura in the house , i thought i heard something and stopped to listen . 
 there , i heard it again . 
 it sounded like rustling , but this time it was n't coming from the trees -- it was coming from inside the barn . 
 i slowly moved toward the back of the barn and the noise stopped , but i kept moving to where it had originated . 
 something was definitely here . 
 chapter 23 i heard more shuffling sounds to my left and pointed my staff ready to blast anything with fur or yellow eyes . 
 instead of lycanthropes , there was a man and a woman chained together and gagged . 
 the woman began screaming , but her gag only let muffled sounds escape . 
 i raised my finger to my lips telling them to be quiet and they stopped making noise . 
 `` can you understand me ? '' 
 i asked as quietly as possible and they both nodded . 
 `` i 'm here to help you . 
 i 'm going to take you somewhere you 'll be safe . '' 
 the tension in their bodies relaxed , obviously relived to see something that was n't going to eat them . 
 i tapped my staff on the lock holding their chains and it melted to the ground . 
 i did n't try to remove the wrist shackles because the man and women would get burned . 
 i also left their gags on in case they got frightened and made more noise . 
 moon 's countdown ended several minutes ago and i sensed that something dark was nearby . 
 i could feel it , and it was more dangerous than solider wolfs . 
 the young girl must also be nearby -- alive i hope . 
 i thought now would be a good time to see if alura could hear my thoughts , so i spoke to her in my mind . 
 < alura , if you can hear me , i found two of the hostages in the barn . 
 leave the house now and i 'll meet you at the well . 
 > the hostages and i walked quietly to the barn door and stopped . 
 i opened it a few inches and saw alura running out of the cottage to the well . 
 guess she heard me . 
 once i opened the barn door all the way , the three of us ran as fast as we could toward the well where alura was waiting . 
 maybe we were going to get out of here alive after all . 
 out of nowhere , moon appeared standing next to the cottage still in human form , but his eyes were glowing bright yellow , and he was growling at us . 
 we froze in our steps and the women began screaming through her gag . 
 alura and i exchanged looks and her chin and eyes moved to the well . 
 i was still new at being a wizard and my mind was not yet able to hear alura 's thoughts . 
 she repeated the gesture and i looked at the well . 
 it was the water -- she wanted me to see the water . 
 kyiel and alura taught me how to manipulate water during my training on keob . 
 i had only cast a few water spells working with small puddles , but the volume should n't matter . 
 if there was enough water in the well , and because fur balls ca n't cross moving water , i might be able to make a barrier between us and moon . 
 i pointed my staff at the top of the well and shouted , `` hydlama . '' 
 my staff amulet glowed with intense blue-white swirls of light and a small spurt of water burst out of the well . 
 a few seconds later water came roaring out and up into the sky . 
 i slid my hand to the bottom of my staff and began swinging it around my head . 
 the water followed my motion like a hurricane , and in one quick move , i pointed my staff at moon and said , `` aktum , '' and the water raced forward enclosing moon in a swirling 30 foot tall liquid prison . 
 moon made a ferocious howl and turned into his natural wolf self almost instantly . 
 he was huge standing eight feet tall and probably weighed 500 pounds . 
 he panicked at first , being caught off guard by the swirling water , and then turned several times in full circles before fully realizing what just happened . 
 when he stopped turning , and he glared at me and narrowed his eyes while making a vicious snarl . 
 the fur ball was trapped and he knew it , but not for long . 
 keeping my mind focused on moving the water was draining my strength and magical energy . 
 a minute or two longer and the wall of water would fall to the ground , and then there would be no magic left to fight him . 
 i had to think of something fast . 
 moon lifted his head and let out a series of ear piercing howls . 
 he was calling out to his partners and any other wolves still alive to come to his aid . 
 yellow eyes began appearing along the tree line behind him and howling sounded out from all directions . 
 moon glared at me again and smirked in a way that tells someone they 're screwed . 
 my options were limited . 
 i could swamp moon in water , but not much more given the drain on my magic . 
 hopefully i 'd catch him off guard again and be able to summon some lightening . 
 if i failed ... well , i do n't even want to think about what might happen if i failed . 
 i moved my staff downward and the water surrounding moon collapsed with enough force to knock him off his feet . 
 he trashed his arms and feet as the water flowed over him , but it did n't last long , and he got up on all fours coughing and spitting out water . 
 that was when alura sprinted into action and leaped over moon dragging both her swords across his back . 
 moon arched his back and howled in pain . 
 i focused my mind on all the magic i had left to summon lighting from the sky and shouted , `` aknor stellara . '' 
 clouds formed near the arena ceiling with thunder and flashes of light , but no lightening bolts . 
 i could barely stand from being drained both physically and magically . 
 alura was about to attack moon a second time when i again shouted , `` aknor stellara . '' 
 i then pointed my staff at moon just before he leapt at alura and bolts of lightening rained down from the sky . 
 the first bolt hit moon and tossed him up in the air . 
 a second bolt pushed him back on the ground yelping in pain , and to my surprise , took his arm off . 
 this gave alura a few seconds to ran back near the well and raise her swords to continue fighting . 
 moon was hurt badly with his arm completely severed from its shoulder . 
 he hobbled into the barn and the wolves along the tree line disappeared after seeing their alpha take such a beating . 
 i took my last green coin from my wizard bag and crushed it under my foot , then said , `` relesa . '' 
 green mist once again swirled up from the ground covering me from head to toe and magic flowed back into my body . 
 my staff amulet glowed blue-white and the exhaustion i felt was gone . 
 `` alura , i 'll go after moon . 
 you stay here and protect these people . '' 
 `` be careful azul . 
 the beast you chase will not die easily , wounded or not . '' 
 i ran into the barn where moon had gone and saw drops of blood along the way . 
 the blood trail led to a bale of hay that was turned over exposing an opening in the floor -- it was a tunnel . 
 i looked down and saw a closed metal door with an electronic keypad . 
 damn it . 
 moon escaped ... again . 
 `` that son of a mangy dog , '' i muttered . 
 `` well , you wo n't be coming back this way fur ball . '' 
 i pointed my staff toward the tunnel and said , `` aknor stellara , '' sending a bolt of lightening into the opening that destroyed the tunnel entrance , and the recoil from the blast knocked me on the ground . 
 i already hated moon and now i hated him more . 
 he was cleaver , no doubt , which is why he has survived so long . 
 chasing him in the tunnel was my fist thought , but i had a better way to find him . 
 i had his blood , and as kyiel pointed out earlier , blood was a great source for casting a tracking spell . 
 wherever moon escaped to , i was going to find him and finish the job . 
 i gathered some of his blood drops and placed them in a small container inside my wizard bag . 
 `` catch you later fur ball , '' i muttered while looking back at the destroyed tunnel . 
 alura had freed the hostages from their shackles and gags by the time i got back to the well . 
 the women was crying and pleading to find her child . 
 `` my baby girl , where 's my baby girl ? '' 
 `` we will find her , i promise '' alura said . 
 i could n't hide the frown on my face because moon 's countdown expired 20 minutes ago . 
 the girl may have already been killed or bitten . 
 most of the arena remained unexplored and she could be anywhere . 
 alura looked up at me . 
 i knew she wanted me to confirm her promise , as did both parents . 
 i hesitated for a moment , feeling such a promise would not likely be kept . 
 `` of course we 're going to find your daughter , '' i said . 
 alura smiled and continued comforting the women . 
 it was late and moon 's partners were still roaming the arena . 
 for now , we had to head back to the clearing to meet up with thyzil as planned . 
 hopefully , we would find the girl unharmed along the way . 
 a couple hours later we arrived at the clearing . 
 there was a small camp fire where thyzil and the young girl were sitting and singing songs . 
 you 've got to be kidding me . 
 alura beamed with a big smile and the mother ran to her daughter , her arms spread out in the air , shouting , `` baby , my baby girl . '' 
 `` thyzil , you son of a gun . 
 how in the world did you find the girl , '' i asked . 
 `` well , '' thyzil said , uneasy about answering my question . 
 `` you see , i found two big doggies , then lightening fell from sky . 
 was that you wizard ? '' 
 `` yes , it was me . 
 i put a couple bolts into moon and tore one of his arms off . '' 
 `` this is good , yes ? '' 
 thyzil asked , but did n't answer my question , so i repeated it . 
 `` how did you find the girl ? '' 
 `` when doggies saw lightening , they ran toward it . 
 did you see them ? '' 
 `` no , but i know where they went . 
 moon escaped through a tunnel . 
 bet you my last dollar his partners escaped through another hidden tunnel . '' 
 `` so ... thyzil , how did you find the girl ? '' 
 i asked , knowing he was intentionally delaying a response . 
 the young girl giggled . 
 `` i sneezed and he tripped over a log into the bushes where i was hiding . '' 
 thyzil 's blushed . 
 i never thought i 'd see the day when the great zeshtune warrior would be embarrassed . 
 i grinned . 
 `` do tell , '' i said , trying not to burst into laughing . 
 `` old warrior trick wizard , '' thyzil said . 
 `` fake falling to make enemy think they won . '' 
 `` poor baby , '' alura said , also trying her best not to laugh . 
 `` do not worry my princess . 
 i am not injured . '' 
 alura rolled her eyes . 
 `` not you knucklehead . 
 i was talking to the girl . '' 
 everyone bust into laughter , including thyzil , and for a moment we forgot about the horror inside this arena . 
 it felt good to know we saved three human beings from a horrible outcome and lived to talk about it . 
 as a special bonus , i could now track moon any time using his blood , which pleased me to no end . 
 i kept grinning thinking about moon hiding in a hole somewhere licking his wounds . 
 all things taken into account , today turned out to be a very good day . 
 we all walked up the path to the ledge where the elevator was located . 
 it was too small for all of us to ride up together , so thyzil and i stayed behind while alura and the happy family rode up to the surface . 
 `` do n't forget to send the elevator back for us , '' i said in a joking manner . 
 alura arched an eyebrow and shrugged . 
 `` oh , you 're real funny alura . 
 just do n't forget to send it down for us . '' 
 the elevator door closed and thyzil and i sat down with our backs leaning against a large boulder . 
 `` not fair wizard . 
 you and alura killed most doggies today . 
 i think you both owe me . '' 
 `` sure , next time you take the lead thyzil . 
 you know that i 'd be more than happy to watch you deal with the bad guys . '' 
 thyzil smiled . 
 `` we have deal wizard . '' 
 it was n't long before the elevator door opened . 
 i stood up and brushed dirt off my pants while thyzil looked back out at the arena . 
 `` i will miss this place wizard , '' he said . 
 i laughed . 
 `` really ... well do n't worry my friend , they 'll be many more battles and little time for you to miss this hell-hole . 
 do n't forget , we still need to destroy moon and his partners . '' 
 thyzil laughed and slapped me on my back . 
 `` yes wizard , many more battles . 
 this is good . '' 
 we rode up the elevator to the surface and shared our different versions of what happened along the way . 
 it was like a telephone game where a person says something into the ear of another person and by the time what was said passed through a number of other people , the last person heard something completely different . 
 such is life i suppose . 
 when the elevator door opened , i saw lieutenant mack and alura reviewing an architectural map of the building . 
 the good lieutenant had made the tenth floor into a command station and his soldiers were already packing up the electronic equipment . 
 mack waived for us to come over . 
 `` glad to see you two made it out okay , '' mack said . 
 `` yea , me too . 
 what 's all this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` standard operating procedure sir . 
 sarila had us sweep the building for possible threats and now everything is clear . '' 
 i looked around and saw alura speaking to three zeshtune men wearing familiar military style fatigues with a keob insignia , and of course , they had brilliant blue eyes . 
 interesting ... these are the first male zeshtunians i 've seen , except for thyzil . 
 i wonder where these guys came from . 
 one of the zeshtunians picked up a silver case and followed thyzil into the elevator to return to the arena . 
 `` i can guess what 's inside that case . 
 crystals , right ? '' 
 i asked alura . 
 `` you are correct dear brother . 
 the crystals will destroy any remaining wolves attempting to flee through tunnels that we do n't know about . '' 
 `` what about the three zeshtune bodies ? '' 
 `` thyzil will retrieve them . 
 once everyone is back on the surface , he 'll set off the crystals in the area . 
 lieutenant mack 's men will then setoff the c4 explosives to collapse everything and seal this place off forever . 
 `` does ` everything ' include the building we are standing in ? '' 
 alura winked . 
 `` that 's the idea azul . 
 we 're going to level this place to the ground . '' 
 having thousands of tons of rock and cement crash down on the arena would certainly make it disappear for good . 
 i hope lieutenant mack brought enough c4 because i 'd hate to think any wolves might get loose in the city , which leads me back to finding moon . 
 the building was shielded , so sarila would n't be able to lock onto moon 's dna signature . 
 no matter because i have his blood . 
 if the fur ball was anywhere in the building , my tracking spell would lead me right to him . 
 i found my way to a small kitchen where there were packages of sugar next to a coffee machine . 
 perfect , powdered sugar will do just fine . 
 i poured a half dozen of the sugar packs onto the counter and mixed in some of moon 's dried blood . 
 i then placed my hand over the sugar and said , `` trako , trako , trako . '' 
 the sugar began to sparkle and swirl on the counter until it gathered into a neat pile . 
 i used a coffee cup to collect the sugar and blew away what little was left off the counter . 
 instead of spreading out and disappearing from sight , it coalesced and moved out of the kitchen to the unblocked stairway . 
 `` moon was here inside the building , '' i muttered . 
 the tunnel moon escaped through must lead back here and he slipped by lieutenant mack 's sweep to avoid detection . 
 gotcha now fur ball . 
 alura and lieutenant mack were still looking over the building schematics when i interrupted . 
 `` alura , we got a problem , or an opportunity depending how you see it . 
 moon ... he 's here inside the building somewhere above this floor . '' 
 alura 's eyes widened and mack went silent . 
 `` what ? 
 how do you know ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i poured a small amount of the sugar into my hand and blew into the air . 
 alura and mack watched as the sparkling sugar moved across the room and up the stairway . 
 alura grinned . 
 `` alight , let 's go get him , '' she said while pulling the slides back on her pistols to load each chamber . 
 `` i am fully loaded with a fresh supply of grenades and a desire for revenge . '' 
 `` hold on , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm going after moon alone this time while you and lieutenant mack stay here and guard the stairway . 
 we ca n't risk moon getting away , not this time . '' 
 alura hesitantly agreed and told me i had 15 minutes before she would come looking for me . 
 i was about to question the little amount of time , and she repeated it with emphasis before i could say another word . 
 `` 15 minutes brother , not a second longer . 
 i mean it . '' 
 i frowned a little , then reluctantly nodded and moved to the stairway entrance . 
 alura is not accustomed to sitting on the sidelines , but this was now my fight . 
 i wanted to be the one to dust moon . 
 it was personal . 
 `` good luck sir , '' mack said . 
 `` thanks lieutenant . 
 hopefully this will be the last time any of us have to deal with moon or his partners ever again . '' 
 i started walking up the stairs with my staff in one hand and the cup of sugar in the other . 
 this was the first time i would be facing a lycanthrope entirely alone , and more than one if moon 's partners were also in the building . 
 once at the 11th floor door , i took some sugar from the coffee cup and blew it into the air . 
 the sugar continued moving up the stairway and i followed , blowing more into the air at each floor . 
 upon reaching the 20th floor stairway , i was completely out of breath . 
 perhaps an exercise routine might be a good idea . 
 then again , just getting through each day without being eaten alive was probably more than enough exercise for anyone . 
 i blew the rest of the sugar into the air . 
 with nowhere to go but the rooftop , the sugar traveled under the door . 
 thank goodness . 
 fighting a lycanthrope on a roof without walls to stop my body from falling 20 floors was about as bad as it could get . 
 `` okay guys , '' i said , pushing the button on my com-link . 
 `` looks like moon is on the 20th floor . 
 stay put and keep an eye open for his partners -- they could be anywhere -- and i 'll let you know what i find up here . '' 
 `` roger that , '' mack said . 
 `` 10 more minutes azul . 
 if i do n't hear back from you in 10 minutes , i coming up there . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` i made it up 10 flights of stairs in five minutes . 
 not too shabby , huh ? 
 what do you think about your big brother now ? '' 
 `` only 9 minutes now , so stop wasting time chatting . '' 
 i did n't have to see alura to know she smirked and rolled her eyes . 
 but hey , getting a reaction from her was half the fun even if i was n't able to see it first hand . 
 the other half was to help me relax as best possible . 
 i opened the unlocked door and was surprised to see bright light everywhere . 
 the exterior walls were all glass and daylight flooded in from all directions , which i considered a fighting advantage . 
 offices lined the walls and typical corporate furniture filled work areas in the middle of the floor . 
 there were a lot of places to hide and i knew each office and cubicle i passed might be an ambush . 
 moon was here somewhere and he had no place to run -- so i kept telling myself while trying to forget he had escaped twice before . 
 sure , he could go up to the roof , but lieutenant mack 's snipers would pick him off as soon as he stepped out into the open . 
 unless he could grow wings , he 's trapped here and one of us was going to die today -- hopefully not me . 
 hold on , moon is a shapeshifter . 
 he probably could grow wings and fly away . 
 i hope mack is planning on shooting anything leaving this building , with wings or anything else . 
 blood drops on the carpet -- moon 's i hope -- provided a perfect tracking trail . 
 normally a blood trail is a fighting advantage , but being injured could make moon more dangerous , which is a disadvantage . 
 alura was right ... i do think too much . 
 with each step i took , the smell of wolf got stronger , but the blood trail led further down the corridor . 
 one or both of moon 's partners had to be nearby . 
 off to my right was a sitting area that had some chairs , a couch , tables , and vending machines with assorted junk food all neatly lined up along a wall . 
 there was no one there , but i sensed increased danger and the wolf scent got much stronger . 
 i turned to look out across the open office area to my left and did n't see anything there either . 
 a moment later a reflection on a computer monitor appeared , and when i turned around , the last vending machine was missing and in its place was a lycanthrope . 
 you have got to be kidding me ... a vending machine ? 
 alura did say that the older lycanthropes learned how to take on the form of inanimate objects , but i was n't sure if appearing as a vending machine was actually a transformation , or merely an illusion . 
 this is the fur balls home turf and where their clamor would be strongest . 
 in either case , that was my last thought before the fur ball was on top of me . 
 my defense shield kicked in , thank goodness , and surrounded my body with a green transparent field that did n't bother the fur ball in the least . 
 after trying to bite my head off , he lifted me up by my throat with one hand and moved me close to his teeth . 
 then , in one quick jerk , it threw me like a bag of feathers into a cement column which nearly knocked me unconscious . 
 man , these fur balls are stronger than i had thought . 
 the damn thing tossed me across the room like i was a rag doll . 
 thankfully my defense shield kept my bones from breaking , but everything still hurt like heck nonetheless . 
 it felt like i hit a brick wall while driving a car , and while the seat belts might protect your skull from being smashed like a halloween pumpkin , stopping suddenly on solid cement takes your breath away in a big way . 
 nonetheless , i was still alive and happy to have a magical version of a seat belt . 
 i looked up as the fur ball was on top or me again wildly thrashing with its arms and trying to bite my face off . 
 there was n't anything i could do to fight back while my defense shield was up , which was the downside of the shield -- nothing gets in , and nothing gets out , not even magic . 
 the fur ball paused every few seconds to lift its head toward the ceiling and howl -- this was my window to attack . 
 when the fur ball lifted its head again , i gathered my magic energy , and as it lowered its head from a long howl , i pushed my staff through the defense shield into the fur balls mouth and shouted , `` raza zitum . '' 
 my defense shield collapsed as magic rush out as the fur ball went silent and stopped thrashing . 
 its eyes grew large from being surprised , and then it happened ... blue-white saw discs began swirling around inside its head and exited in a number of directions . 
 the fur ball was still staring at me with big yellow eyes as sections of its head slid onto the carpet . 
 i pushed myself away using my feet and watched the lycanthrope burn into a pile of ashes . 
 `` wow , that was extreme , '' i said , not entirely believing what happened , and checking myself for broken bones . 
 the fur ball i dusted had white markings on its ears and nose making it one of moon 's partners . 
 moon was larger and had a solid black coat , and smelled worse . 
 one down , two to go . 
 i got up off the floor and thanked the stars above for still being alive . 
 despite feeling like a bus ran me over , i was good to go because i knew moon was only steps away from getting dusted . 
 chapter 24 i reached for my com-link to contact alura and lieutenant mack , but it was gone . 
 must have fallen off during the fight . 
 no time to waste looking for it . 
 if moon and his other partner attack together , i may not be able to beat them with magic alone . 
 it could be lights out for good if i 'm caught off guard . 
 i began to think that leaving alura behind was may have been a bad idea . 
 i continued tracking moon 's blood trail and it led me to a large door with a bronze plate mounted on it that spelled out ` robert moon , attorney at law ' . 
 the blood drops stopped at the door , so i was fairly certain he was in his office . 
 i pointed my staff forward and slowly opened the door and there he was , in human form sitting at his desk . 
 his head was drooping and his right side , still missing an arm , was drenched in blood . 
 he had n't enough time to regenerate from such a wound , which meant he was n't at full strength , and in turn gave me the advantage . 
 i grinned . 
 `` hey moony , not feeling so well ? '' 
 moon lifted his head and looked at me . 
 he did n't have his usual cocky grin telling the world how superior he was . 
 instead , he looked drawn out , weak , and pale as a ghost . 
 `` mr. zane , i must compliment you on your fighting and survival skills . 
 i was told of this , but one has to experience such things personally . 
 would n't you agree ? '' 
 he asked , taking slow measured breaths . 
 `` i guess so . 
 did your pal ah chuy kak tell you this ? '' 
 `` yes , he and others have said as much . 
 mr. zane , you and i are merely pawns in a game that is far beyond our control . 
 we are nothing more than puppets that do what our masters wish . 
 this is how things have always been . '' 
 `` looks to me like ah chuy kak has cut your strings moony . '' 
 `` it would appear so , but not unexpectedly mr. zane . 
 ah chuy kak does not respect any form of weakness , and as you can readily see , my strength is leaving me . 
 this brings me to the one proposal you might find acceptable mr. zane . 
 if i were permitted to leave this building without further harm , i would help you find ah chuy kak . 
 finding him should be more of interest to you and the zeshtunians than destroying me . '' 
 `` oh really ... why is that ? '' 
 `` you see mr. zane , ah chuy kak is the the first lycanthrope . 
 my kind were originally bred to protect ah chuy kak and his regions of power , which since the last great war has been confined to this world . 
 so long as we serve him , he allowed us to pursue a small portion of wealth and power , such as this law firm . 
 ah chuy kak 's reach is deep and far mr. zane . 
 he owns the very thoughts of your most powerful politicians , businessmen , and secret organizations . '' 
 `` and i 'm suppose to believe that a lap dog like you is going to help me destroy his master ? ' 
 `` i want to live mr. zane . 
 the help i am offering you is far more valuable than my death . '' 
 `` i 'm not so sure about that . 
 i mean , i 've been looking forward to dusting you for so long , days i think , '' i said sarcastically . 
 `` besides , i 'll eventually find your fur ball master without your help , so you can understand my reluctance in making a deal . '' 
 `` perhaps you will find him mr. zane , however , there are more powerful masters coming soon who may destroy ah chuy kak . 
 before this happens , ah chuy kak will call upon his legions to do terrible things in an attempt to gain pleasure with those who would seek his destruction . 
 many humans will die in the wake of his quest to build an army to fight on his behalf . '' 
 `` you 're talking about the darkzon . '' 
 `` yes mr. zane . 
 only i can help you find ah chuy kak before it is too late . '' 
 `` tisk tisk , naughty wolf , '' i said , wagging my finger side to side like a scolding parent . 
 `` making deals with fur balls does n't seem to be a good idea to me . 
 what deal did you make with the little girl in your arena or those zeshtune warriors before removing their heads ? 
 i think i 'm going to decline your less than generous offer moony . 
 no offense ... well yea , there is some offense intended . 
 actually , there is a lot of offense intended . '' 
 moon took a deep breath of air and stiffened his body . 
 `` very well mr. zane , very well . '' 
 in an instant moon transformed and smashed through his desk . 
 he was fast , too fast for me to react as he grabbed my throat and tossed me through the wall to the next office . 
 my defense magic kicked in keeping me in one piece and i was able to get up and ran down the corridor . 
 moon was not far behind running on all fours -- well , less one arm of course , so all threes -- and considerably faster then i was using my two legs . 
 i knew out running moon was not going to happen and that he was too close for me to turn and blast him with my staff . 
 i felt my defense shield strengthen as moon yanked me up off my feet and tossed me again into a nearby office , this time right through a solid two inch thick mahogany door . 
 when i stopped bouncing on the floor , i found myself up against a large glass window . 
 i also saw that my staff was now behind moon who stood 10 feet in front of me and looked extremely ticked off . 
 well , if i ca n't destroy him , at least i can tick him off some more before he takes me out . 
 i stood up and brushed pieces of glass off and then proceeded to laugh . 
 `` was it something i said moony ? '' 
 moon snarled and slowly approached me when an idea popped into my head . 
 i took a grey coin that freezes time from my wizard bag and cuffed it inside my palm . 
 maybe i can turn this situation to my advantage after all . 
 i tried not to show any fear , which is hard to do when thinking my heart might be ripped out of my chest any second . 
 moon sensed my fear and narrowed his eyes as drool dripped from his teeth to the floor . 
 he raised his one arm forward making a loud steady growl , ready to strike , and i dropped the grey coin on the floor . 
 at the moment moon leapt into the air toward me , i crushed the coin under my foot and shouted , `` relesa . '' 
 i had closed my eyes when casting the spell , because if it failed , i did n't want to see what came next . 
 a few seconds later i was still alive with my back against the window . 
 i slowly opened one eye and then the other . 
 the spell worked . 
 moon was frozen still about three inches from my face with his mouth wide open . 
 strange , but the first thing that came to my mind was that moon looked like he had a bad hair day with a taxidermist . 
 i guess this was simply a reaction to realizing i was n't dead . 
 i slid along the window away from moon 's hungry mouth and darted behind him to pick up my staff . 
 i could n't move my staff because it was frozen on the floor like everything else nearby . 
 i kept my hands on it though , ready to lift it when the time spell wore off . 
 in a flash , normal time restored and moon went crashing through the office window . 
 i lifted my staff up and said , `` aknor stellara , '' sending a series of lightening bolts straight into the fur ball while he was in mid-air . 
 moon bust into flames and howled in agony as he began his decent . 
 when i looked out from the smashed window , i saw moon turn into a cloud of ash as he hit the parking lot . 
 i could n't have asked for a more fitting end . 
 that leaves one more fur ball -- moon 's second partner . 
 if the partner was here , i would probably have been attacked before reaching moon , so chances are he 's hiding on a another floor . 
 if not , he could be anywhere in the city . 
 i was banged up with an assortment of bruises , scrapes , and aching joints . 
 not too bad though considering i had two overweight fur balls smacking me around like a piñata . 
 i could only hope that moon 's last partner would not be as difficult to take down . 
 i started down the corridor to the stairway and heard someone or something running up the stairs . 
 i stopped and pointed my staff toward the door . 
 `` here we go again , '' i muttered , and then the door slammed opened . 
 it was alura and thyzil with their swords held up ready to slice more lycanthropes . 
 i lowered my staff and noticed their swords were dripping with blood . 
 `` huh , have a visitor come your way ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` one of those big doggy lawyers tried to leave without saying goodbye , '' thyzil said . 
 `` this is rude , yes ? 
 we taught doggy manners . 
 maybe , we taught it too well , '' he said while holding up his bloodied claymore and laughing . '' 
 alura and thyzil placed their arms under mine to help me down the stairs back to the 10th floor . 
 each step i took hurt a little bit more and i groaned from the pain . 
 `` wizard , maybe we train together soon , yes ? '' 
 thyzil asked . 
 `` make you strong like me . '' 
 alura smiled and i agreed . 
 it was good to be finally done with moon and his furry pals , but the fight was n't yet over . 
 even so , we could take a breather and bask in the light of victory , at least for a while . 
 once we made it to the 10th floor , alura and thyzil helped me over to a couch where i stretched out and closed my eyes . 
 `` that 's it ... we did it , '' i said . 
 `` what i need now is a vacation . 
 someplace with warm beaches and no animals , especially no dogs , or anything that has fur . '' 
 alura and thyzil laughed . 
 `` yea , good luck with that dear brother . 
 sarila has already called us back to keob for a briefing . '' 
 `` not all bad wizard . 
 you will see melony , '' thyzil said . 
 i opened my eyes and smiled showing obvious satisfaction . 
 melony ... now she was something to look forward to and much better than any beach . 
 the three of us relaxed while lieutenant mack and his men finished packing up and left the building . 
 `` thyzil , did you take the zeshtune warriors back to keob , '' i asked . 
 `` yes , far away from this dark place , '' he said , his voice somber and drawn out . 
 `` and the arena ... is it gone ? '' 
 thyzil made a circle with his hands and said , `` boom . '' 
 the elevator leading down to the arena was filled in with rock , but the building was still here , and so were we . 
 `` what about the building ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` lieutenant mack 's team is placing c-4 charges around the building and will set them off as soon as we leave , '' alura said . 
 i was curious how someone could destroy an entire building without getting permission and permits from local authorities , but remembered how resourceful sarila is for getting things done . 
 for all i know , the mayor and building inspector might be zeshtunians . 
 so long as this place crumbles to the ground , after we leave of course , i 'll be a happy wizard . 
 lieutenant mack 's radioed to alura 's com-link that his them had exited the building and the c-4 would detonate in 10 minutes . 
 oh boy , another 10-minute death window . 
 thyzil cleared a small area away of furniture so i could draw a pentagram . 
 when i was finished , we stepped into the center of it and i crushed a blue magic coin under my foot . 
 we nodded to each other and i said , `` transmati keob . '' 
 the batcave team was smiling and bowed their heads as a sign of respect when we appeared in front of them . 
 `` well done zeshtunians , '' sarila said . 
 i looked around for melony , but she was n't there . 
 sarila picked up on this , of course , and her smile widened . 
 `` wizard , the white witch is safe and you will see her soon , '' she said while inspecting my injuries , and then introduced me to an assistant . 
 `` this is balya , one of our top medical residents who will see to your injuries . '' 
 it was for the best that melony was n't here to greet me given my the way i looked . 
 i 'd rather wash up first , get a few minutes rest , and change my battle worn wolf stink clothes to look presentable . 
 i smiled . 
 `` okay balya , perhaps a band-aid or two , but no needles . '' 
 balya bowed her head slightly and motioned with her hand to walk into the medical room . 
 alura made an exaggerated smile while blowing a kiss and wiggling her fingers goodbye thinking , but not saying , ha ha ha . 
 thyzil was also smiling and pretended to inject needles in his arm as he followed alura to my apartment . 
 `` hey you two , better not drink all my beer . 
 i keep an accurate inventory . '' 
 `` do n't worry wizard , '' balya said . 
 `` we have plenty of your favorite beer in storage . '' 
 `` you do ? 
 good to know , '' i said . 
 `` balya , why does everyone except alura always call me wizard instead of azul ? '' 
 `` it is what you are . 
 wizard is a title of high respect and honor . 
 your sister , immediate family , and the zeshtune elders are permitted to address you informally by your birth name . '' 
 makes sense , i guess . 
 after having a closer look at my injuries , balya had me stand with a towel around my waste in what looked like a round shower tube . 
 i expected water to come raining down on me , but instead , the tube flooded with white light and rushing air . 
 as first it was uncomfortable , but after a couple of minutes , it felt refreshing as if i was actually taking a hot shower . 
 all too soon the high-tech experience ended and balya checked me over with a handheld scanner . 
 `` you are healed wizard , '' she said . 
 i checked my face in a mirror and was surprised to not see any bruises or cuts . 
 even the cuts on my hands and arms were gone , and best of all , i did n't feel any aches or pain . 
 `` not bad . 
 i have to get me one of these healing showers installed back in my manhattan apartment . 
 thanks for putting me back together balya . '' 
 `` you are very welcome wizard . '' 
 i headed to my apartment expecting to see alura and thyzil eating pizza and drinking my beer . 
 to my surprise , sally was the only one there to greet me . 
 `` hey sally , what have you been up to old girl ? '' 
 i asked and hugged her , trying to dodge her slobbering kisses . 
 i guessed where alura and thyzil were when i looked over to alura 's closed bedroom door . 
 a couple of empty beer cans were on the coffee table . 
 another can was crushed and placed in the middle of my favorite chair . 
 what a show off . 
 thyzil was challenging me again to another stupid can smashing macho game . 
 really ? 
 give me a break . 
 i grabbed a cold beer out of the refrigerator and relaxed in my chair to clear my mind . 
 i closed my eyes and smiled . 
 it 's great to be back on keob where there are monsters trying to eat me . 
 i must have fallen asleep , because when i opened my eyes , my beer was unopened and had become warm . 
 holy cow ... it was 10 am . 
 i slept for five hours , which was a three day record . 
 i suppose i needed the rest after what i 've been through , but that was a real knockout sleep . 
 after grabbing a fresh cold beer from the fridge , sally and i shared eating and a bag of chips . 
 `` nothing like cold beer and junk food to wash away sleep depravation , '' i said and scratched sally behind her ears . 
 seconds later someone knocked on the door leading to the batcave . 
 odd , i thought since everyone usually walks in uninvited . 
 sally jumped up and went to the door wagging her tail , which is always a good sign . 
 i opened the door and someone dressed in a full white hooded robe covering their face stood motionless . 
 `` hello , what can i do for you on this fine day ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the hooded figure lifted its head up and pulled the hood back -- it was melony . 
 my mouth dropped in surprise . 
 `` melony , '' i said excitedly . 
 melony 's eyes sparkled and she wrapped her arms around me . 
 `` daniel , i missed you so badly . '' 
 `` me too . 
 i mean i missed you . '' 
 `` really ? 
 did you really miss me ? '' 
 she asked , smiling and hugging me tighter . 
 i tried to answer her , but it was as if no air was inside me to make a sound . 
 her eyes were so beautiful i became unable to speak and all i could do was kiss her for what was the longest kiss i had ever experienced . 
 when it was over , she opened her eyes and placed her head on my chest with her arms still tightly wrapped around my neck . 
 `` i have so much to tell you daniel . '' 
 i bet . 
 it 's not everyday a dark mist tries to kill you , not to mention going to hidden planet and finding out that you 're a witch . 
 i took melony 's hand and we went the couch to sit and talk . 
 i had things to tell her too , but after that kiss , half of those things had already been communicated . 
 melony was simply more beautiful than i remembered . 
 there was something different though and she had a brighter glow about her . 
 i narrowed my eyes and saw a healthy and much larger than usual aura around her that produced streams of white light . 
 `` daniel , i 'm a witch . 
 not a bad one , a good one . '' 
 `` i know melony . 
 how do you feel about being a white witch ? '' 
 she made a huge smile . 
 `` wonderful . 
 i feel simply wonderful daniel . 
 i always felt different in some way , as though i did n't belong in a world of automobiles , technology , and skyscrapers . 
 i suppose that 's why i liked working at magical herbs so much and being surrounding by herbs and books . '' 
 melony arched her eyebrow and said , `` and you 're a wizard , are n't you daniel ? '' 
 `` yea , about that ... '' melony grabbed my hand pulling me up from the couch before i could finish the sentence . 
 `` latter daniel , you can tell me all about being a wizard later . 
 i have something special planned . '' 
 alura and thyzil conveniently walked out of alura 's bedroom smiling . 
 `` melony , i 'm so happy to see you , '' alura said as melony rushed over to hug her and thyzil . 
 `` i 'm so happy to see you both too . '' 
 `` little butterfly , you hug like zeshtune warrior . 
 how you get so strong ? '' 
 thyzil asked . 
 `` never as strong as you thyzil . 
 that will never happen , '' melony said . 
 `` perhaps not little butterfly , but who knows . 
 maybe zeshtune children will sing songs about you too someday . '' 
 `` unlikely , '' melony said laughing . 
 alura gave me her coy look . 
 `` well , i 'm sure you too have a lot of catching up to do , so do n't let us stop you . '' 
 melony took my hand and pulled me toward the batcave . 
 `` yes , i have a wonderful surprise for daniel . '' 
 alura wiggled her fingers up and down and said , `` bye now . 
 you two have fun . '' 
 melony led me to the batcave pentagram where there was a picnic basket , blanket , two glasses , and a bottle of wine . 
 she began swinging our hands gently back and forth smiling while waiting for my reaction . 
 `` are we going somewhere ? '' 
 i asked . 
 melony laughed and pulled me into the pentagram as sarila approached . 
 `` good day wizard . 
 i trust you have rested well . '' 
 `` well enough i suppose . '' 
 sarila lifted her hand and blew a powdery substance at us and said , `` transmati galbria , '' causing blue-white light to rush from the pentagram to the batcave ceiling . 
 in a blink of an eye , melony and i were someplace else very different from keob or earth . 
 i could not believe what i was seeing . 
 the sky was yellow , orange , red , and crimson along the horizon with deep cobalt blue high above . 
 there were mountains and valleys with meadows , flowers , and fruit tress everywhere i could see . 
 a gentle breeze carried the sweet fragrance of lavender while beautiful birds of all colors sang in the tress and flew above us . 
 deer , goats , bears and other animals walked around barely noticing us as the warm sun shimmered on a lake below and a nearby stream . 
 `` what is this place ? '' 
 i asked , mesmerized as i gazed into the sky . 
 `` it 's galbria , my home , '' melony said . 
 `` your home ? '' 
 `` well , it 's my new home . 
 like your home on keob . '' 
 `` is this place on keob ? '' 
 `` no daniel , it is not on keob , '' she said , pointing her finger at a large disk in the sky . 
 `` that 's keob . '' 
 i looked to where melony was pointing and saw a cream colored circle half set along the western horizon . 
 `` why does keob look so big ? '' 
 melony explained that galbria is the smaller of two moons orbiting keob . 
 she told me her kind made all the nature here from what was once a lifeless rock . 
 the sisters of galbria , as she calls her kind , has maintained this moon for thousands of years and live here in peace with nature . 
 the entire population of melony 's coven totaled only 76 white witches , including her . 
 most have mates , who are lifelong companions , but only the coven could live on galbria permanently . 
 melony also told me that companions can visit as often as they liked . 
 chapter 25 `` does being a man on galbria mean one of those bears might eat me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 melony laughed . 
 `` of course not , you are perfectly safe here daniel . 
 my sister 's companions visit here often , and not one has ever been eaten by a bear . 
 everything here is part of nature and lives in peace . '' 
 good to know , but i could n't help feeling like i was walking in an open zoo . 
 `` come daniel , i want to show you something . '' 
 melony kneeled down and placed her hand on a patch of green grass . 
 `` watch this daniel . '' 
 she closed her eyes and small white flowers spouted up from the grass all around us . 
 when she opened her eyes , she could barely control her excitement and started laughing as she jumped into my arms . 
 `` wow , that 's pretty cool , '' i said . 
 `` you learned how to do this in a couple of days ? '' 
 `` over a week in earth time . 
 is n't it wonderful ? '' 
 `` yes , it sure is . 
 it 's wonderful and very beautiful . '' 
 melony spun in circles with her hand stretched out . 
 `` i knew you would love this place daniel . 
 i could n't wait to show you how beautiful galbria is . 
 it 's truly a magical place . '' 
 melony jumped into my arms again and gave me another long kiss , weakening my knees as usual , and then picked up the picnic basket and began pulling my arm . 
 `` come with me daniel . 
 i have a very special place for us to picnic . '' 
 we walked down a path under branches of willow trees to a meadow next to a pond and waterfall . 
 swans and ducks were wadding up and down the shoreline without a care in the world , or moon in this case . 
 the waterfall poured into the pond from a granite cliff 100 feet high and set the stage for a truly majestic view . 
 melony spread out a red and white checkered blanket and began organizing plates , glasses and containers of food all the while smiling and telling me about galbria . 
 she was always cheerful , more so than anyone i ever met , and had recovered remarkably well from the horrible night when i last saw her . 
 watching her now so happy and full of life , well , she looked as perfect as nature itself . 
 the nightmarish reality we faced back on earth had become a distant memory . 
 we finished our lunch as it was beginning to get dark . 
 the setting sun reflected off keob providing a twilight ambient atmosphere -- i wished this day would never end . 
 melony and i were lying on our backs looking up at the sky , and a few moments later , we found ourselves in a romantic embrace . 
 the strangest thing then happened . 
 flowers began blooming all around us and the branches of the willow trees swayed back and forth even though the air was still . 
 i did n't want any of it to end , but it did when my phone buzzed telling me i had a text . 
 i looked at melony and pouted . 
 she laughed and so did i as we sat up to read the message . 
 `` i have to go melony . 
 sarila says alura and thyzil are waiting so we can be briefed on a new problem . '' 
 melony got up and started packing things up . 
 `` okay daniel , but you must come back to me very soon , '' she said with a big smile , then wagged her finger at me to emphasize a note of seriousness . 
 `` wizard or not , i wo n't take kindly to your absence if too much time passes . '' 
 sarila had placed a blue coin in the lunch basket to use for my transporting back to keob . 
 i placed the coin in the center of the pentagram and melony kissed me goodbye . 
 `` remember daniel , for every one day on earth , four days pass here . 
 please come back to me soon . '' 
 `` i 'll be back soon melony . 
 i promise . '' 
 i wonder if she knows that daniel is n't my real name . 
 `` melony , you should know my real name is azul . '' 
 melony put her hands on her hips and tilted her head . 
 `` i know wizard , but i like daniel better . '' 
 i crushed the coin and said , `` transmati keob , '' and was transported back to keob . 
 `` welcome back lover , '' alura said . 
 thyzil had his eyebrows raised and was rubbing his chin hiding a smile . 
 sarila made no effort to hide her smile and alura was the worst of the three . 
 `` did we interrupt anything important dear brother ? '' 
 alura asked in an attempt to embarrass me , which worked because i felt flush and was sure my face turned red . 
 `` ha ha , very funny . 
 if you three are going to stand around and make jokes all day , i 'm going back to galbria . '' 
 `` very well wizard , '' sarila said . 
 `` let us begin . '' 
 sarila nodded at one of her assistants who then placed a blue crystal into an opening on a console . 
 the crystal lit up and a hologram of our sun and planets appeared above our heads . 
 there were more suns and planets outside our solar system as well as asteroids and a host of other objects moving in a circular pattern like clockwork . 
 it was quite beautiful to see the earth in relationship to other galaxies . 
 sarila nodded again and her assistant turned the crystal more which made the hologram separate into nine squares having various mayan symbols appeared along the edges . 
 `` i 've seen this before at the gate of the gods , '' i said . 
 `` in fact , i have this same map stored in ancient tubes at my apartment . '' 
 `` yes wizard , you made the map a very long time ago , about 25,000 years ago to be more precise , '' sarila said . 
 `` i made it ? '' 
 `` yes , you did so to help design the technology you are now looking at . 
 the map was your blueprint . 
 do n't worry wizard , in the centuries to come your human mind will adjust and remember how to perform the same complex mathematics and physics as before . '' 
 `` i thought the scrolls were connected to missing pages from king solomon 's key . '' 
 sarila grinned . 
 `` yes , i must admit this was one of your more cleaver deceptions . 
 you left false clues with a number of artifacts in case anyone got close to discovering your staff or the true nature of the mayan prophecies . 
 it was quite ingenious . '' 
 i felt my ego deflate . 
 for nearly a year i struggled over what the artifact meant and now i learn it was a deception that i created . 
 true , i did find my way to the gate of the gods , but a self made deception seemed over the top . 
 sarila nodded and her assistant turned the blue crystal again . 
 the hologram folded just as manco and i saw when organizing the nine sections of the scrolls . 
 now the planets in our solar system were shown in alignment with the milky way to the galactic equator on december 21 , 2012 . 
 there were also a number of red dots blinking at the outer edge of the hologram . 
 `` what are those dots ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` those dear wizard are ships from the darkzon armada , '' sarila said . 
 `` the darkzon are able to leave their void of time and space every 25,000 years as space folds upon itself . 
 the most recent fold occurred on december 21 , 2012 and they have been traveling to earth since then . 
 we expect they will reach our solar system in 100 earth years , depending on how many planets they pilferage along the way . 
 this , however , is not you immediate concern . '' 
 yea , 100 years is a long time away and i 'm in no condition to deal with an alien invasion . 
 sarila made another nod to her assistant and a new map appeared showing the earth slowly spinning on its axis . 
 there were small red dots , mostly located in developed countries , but every continent had some . 
 sarila explained that each dot represents a hundred dark crimes against mankind over the past twelve months . 
 additional red dots appeared with each rotation of the earth . 
 sarila had her assistant turn the blue crystal once again making the hologram zoom in on manhattan . 
 a counter was flashing months and years rapidly upward to the future and projecting more crimes . 
 `` as you can see wizard , the number of dark crimes in new york alone will grow at an exponential rate unless we are successful in intervening . 
 as the darkzon get closer to earth , more dark creatures will seek out dominance among their kind in order to survive under darkzon rule . 
 these creatures respond to hard coded instincts triggered by the darkzon 's presence during each galactic cycle . 
 they will not stop creating havoc until either dead or in full power over their own kind and humans . 
 your job wizard is to make sure they are not successful . '' 
 `` all those red dots are just in new york ? 
 how many crimes against mankind are being committed in other cities and countries around the world , and who 's going to take care of those ? '' 
 `` there are other wizards in a number of hot spots all having the same agenda as you . 
 your territory is manhattan , which unfortunately , is the most prolific place where dark creatures exist . '' 
 `` did you say there are other wizards ? '' 
 `` yes , and their identities , as is yours , are kept secret to protect them . 
 when the darkzon finally arrive on earth , it will be your task to lead all the zeshtune wizards into battle as you have for millenniums . '' 
 this is what kyiel had told me and played out in a vision when i achieved recognition in the subway after defeating lupzarro . 
 memories flooded my mind then and i remembered what i thought was everything . 
 i remembered the great battle on zeshtune and expelling the darkzon , but have no detailed memories of prior recognitions on earth , except for a couple of prior visions . 
 when first visiting the keob library , the voice of my older self told me it would take years to achieve full recognition and explained how my memories and knowledge would come in stages . 
 `` sarila , destroying lycanthropes is hard enough , but leading an army of wizards in the future against some technologically superior alien race sounds delusional . '' 
 granted , i was learning a lot of magic and getting good at casting spells , but i am far from leading a group of wizards , or anyone else for that matter , into a battle against an army of technologically superior beings . 
 alura sensed my doubts and attempted to clarify what sarila had told me . 
 `` azul , you always return to earth for recognition years ahead of the darkzon 's arrival in order to prepare for battle . 
 it is what you do big brother . 
 with each day passing , you become stronger and more aware of your responsibilities . '' 
 `` we 're talking about an army alura , of who knows what exactly , not a few lycanthropes which by no means were a stroll in the park to defeat . '' 
 `` the darkzon have been defeated throughout the ages and will be again , '' alura said . 
 `` thyzil and i have been at your side during every battle and will be there with you this time . 
 as your power increases , so will your knowledge of the past and all fear and doubt will disappear . '' 
 alura always had a sense of calm about her while i often felt like a bag of nerves . 
 then again , she completed her recognition a hundred years ago and had more time to work out all the self identity bugs . 
 `` thyzil , do you remember any of these past battles with the darkzon ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` sometimes , yes , but not everything . 
 i have visions of battles in dreams . 
 i also learn from great library . '' 
 good idea . 
 i need to spend some serious time in the library as well , or if i had half the brain i think i have , hide out with melony on galbria and live happily ever after . 
 having a picnic by a waterfall with a beautiful girl beats fighting monsters any day of the week , month , year , or eon . 
 alura smiled . 
 `` i have something to show you , '' she said and took a small wood carving from her pocket . 
 `` it 's a carving of a pig called a peccary by the mayans . '' 
 alura placed her hand over mine and folded my fingers over the peccary . 
 `` close your eyes azul and concentrate . 
 think about the day when you gave this to me at the great mayan city of tenochtitlan . 
 concentrate brother . '' 
 i closed my eyes and focused on the peccary . 
 a small light appeared in my mind that took the shape of trees , clouds , and ancient mayan structures . 
 i saw native mayans walking on roadways lined with stone who were carrying blankets , food , and vases of water as children played near stone walls . 
 it felt very real , if i was walking with these people myself . 
 `` azul , come see what inca has made , '' a voice said . 
 i turned and saw alura standing next to an artisan table . 
 she was dressed in white cloth painted with bright colors . 
 a leather headband with small beads wrapped around her head and she wore leather sandals laced up over her ankles . 
 alura was younger , perhaps 12 years old , and full of energy that only children possess . 
 `` look brother , inca has made a peccary . 
 is n't it wonderful ? '' 
 i held the carving of the peccary , a small pig , and examined the fine detail and artistry . 
 alura was beaming with a smile . 
 i smiled back and asked her if i should make a trade for the peccary , and if so , why ? 
 alura arched an eyebrow and kept her eyes focused on mine . 
 `` of course you should trade for it brother . 
 why ? 
 because you 're my brother and you love me . '' 
 `` precisely , '' i said , then traded a small bag of cocoa beans for the carving . 
 `` inca , your artistry gets better everyday my friend . 
 my sister and i are honored to have such a beautiful example of your great talent . '' 
 inca smiled while nodding his head in a thankful gesture and alura kissed my cheek . 
 `` thank you brother , thank you . 
 i will keep the peccary with me always for good luck . '' 
 the images in my mind faded and i became aware that i was standing in the batcave . 
 when i opened my eyes , i saw alura smiling . 
 `` do you remember brother ? 
 can you name the artist who made the carving ? '' 
 `` yes , inca made it . 
 you were very young alura , not even yet a teenager and it was so real . 
 we were among the mayans at tenochtitlan thousand of years ago . 
 it was as if i were there only minutes ago . '' 
 `` very good wizard , '' sarila said . 
 `` all your memories are locked up in that advanced wizard brain of yours . 
 nothing has been lost and your many memories will surface in time . 
 all you need now is patience and determination to keep focused on the present . '' 
 alura held her hand open . 
 `` the peccary ... it 's mine buster , '' she said with a big smile . 
 `` ancient or not , it was a gift from you and it 's my lucky charm . '' 
 i handed the peccary back to her and she put it back in her pocket . 
 `` now children , time to turn our attention to more immediate problems facing your earthly home , '' sarila said , then nodded to her assistant who replaced the blue crystal with a white crystal which created a another hologram . 
 the new hologram looked like a transparent wall and had a number of televised news broadcasts , police scanners , maps , and more . 
 sarila touched the hologram where a news broadcast image was playing coverage of a fire burning out of control at sunset park . 
 it was the warehouse where alura and i found all those shriveled up bodies , and now it 's engulfed in flames that stretched into the night sky . 
 the fire was so hot that it was melting the brick walls . 
 no ordinary fire could produce enough heat to melt bricks -- magic was involved . 
 `` there is more , '' sarila said , then touched another section of the hologram . 
 `` it appears our electronic surveillance at the park was successful in taking a message . '' 
 the hologram widened to a full screen view showing an infra red outline of something not human . 
 the message was a warning translated using an animated computer voice . 
 `` you have desecrated this sacred place with your foul presence and will pay for your transgression with your lives , '' the voice said , then continually repeated the message in an audio loop . 
 `` simple and direct , '' i said . 
 `` it 's not much for mixing words , is it ? 
 a get to the point kind of monster . 
 what the heck is that thing ? '' 
 sarila was n't sure what killed the humans we found at sunset park , but she did know what the creature was delivering the message . 
 `` it is an assassin demon who should be taken seriously , '' sarila said . 
 `` they are called hyzits and can remain motionless for months hiding in shadows and small places unnoticed . 
 they do n't require nourishment because they absorb carbon dioxide in the same way trees do . 
 once they have an contract , they will observe all the routines and behaviors of their targets before attempting to kill them . 
 hyzits never waiver from their task and few have seen them , and those who have , usually do not live long to tell . '' 
 i grimaced . 
 `` and this thing is after alura and me ? 
 what about other people around us ? 
 can others get hurt , or killed ? '' 
 `` no , hyzits take pride in secretly assassinating their targets , '' sarila replied . 
 `` they will not hurt or attack anyone else and only act when their target is alone . 
 there is time to prepare wizard . 
 hyzits hibernate underground until mid-winter and are unable to reach you until then . 
 kyiel will show how to prepare a defense and offense . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` wonderful , we just dusted a bunch of wolfs and lycanthropes , barely escaping with our lives , and now we have our own personal assassin coming after us . 
 things keep going from bad to worse . '' 
 alura grinned . 
 `` azul , there is always something dark trying to kill us , yet we have survived through the ages while our enemies perished . 
 plus , it 's only june and winter is six months away . 
 there will be other things to worry about before hyzits end their hibernation . '' 
 thyzil wrapped his arm around my shoulder and had a serious look on his face . 
 `` do not worry wizard . 
 i will help destroy hyzit . 
 we will teach it how zeshtunians fight , like we did with big doggy lawyers . '' 
 as i 've said before , one ca n't help but admire thyzil 's ability to simplify the possibility of eminent death . 
 he usually laughed when thinking about fighting monsters . 
 thyzil 's semi-broken english and fearless manner continues to make the big guy such a lovable character , even when facing nasty assassins . 
 `` yes thyzil , we will be ready and destroy the hyzit too . '' 
 `` let them come , '' he said and raised his claymore above his head . 
 `` i am ready . '' 
 `` well , i 'd say we have had quite a day in the batcave classroom , '' i said . 
 `` if it 's alright with you sarila , i 'd like to have a couple beers and spend some time in the library . '' 
 sarila made a slight bow of her head in agreement and alura , thyzil , and i headed to my apartment for refreshments and some down time . 
 the three of us nearly knocked each other over trying to open the refrigerator at the same time . 
 i bowed to alura and said , `` ladies first . '' 
 thyzil smiled . 
 `` she is too ferocious to be lady . 
 more like tiger i think . '' 
 alura arched her brow . 
 `` watch it muscle man or you 'll be sleeping in the batcave . '' 
 thyzil laughed and winked at me . 
 `` i mean lady tiger , '' he said while ginning , then grabbed a six pack of my favorite domestic beer . 
 not to be outdone , i grabbed my own six pack . 
 if we were going to have another testosterone contest , i wanted to be at least a contender , even though winning a crushing anything contest against thyzil was a foolish hope . 
 sally must have already been fed and taken for a walk . 
 normally , she is all over me when i come home , but this time she only wagged her tail while half asleep next to the fireplace . 
 having a full belly and nice walk always put her into slumber mode , which i did n't really mind because it gave me some time to relax . 
 speaking for myself , i was lucky if i could ever get a few hours sleep or a burger before all hell broke loose . 
 sally , well she had a pretty easy going and happy life -- a sharp contrast to my wacky world . 
 okay , that 's enough self-pity . 
 i put some more wood in the fireplace and sat down with alura and thyzil to drink some brews . 
 as always , the first cold beer taste like liquid gold . 
 thyzil looked at me while placing an empty beer can on his forehead and then crushed it with the palm of his hand . 
 so much for my testosterone preemptive strike , but to be fair , he practically inhaled his beer before i had a chance . 
 thyzil was challenging me again , in a manly prehistoric sort of way . 
 alura jabbed him in his side while rolling her eyes then looked at me shaking her head . 
 hmm ... if i ignore the challenge , thyzil will never let me live it down . 
 if i crush the can on my forehead , i 'd likely knock myself out and get a bruised ring on my head . 
 i had to do something less physical , but of equal or greater manly value . 
 i got up and walked over the wall behind my chair and placed my empty can of beer on the floor against the wall . 
 i casually walked back to my chair without taking my eyes of thyzil as he kept a serious gaze on me . 
 i sat down and took one of my shoes off and held it for a few moments while tapping it on my leg . 
 thyzil narrowed his eyes and looked puzzled , but said nothing . 
 alura must have figured out what my next move was because she bit down on her lip to hold back grinning more than she already was . 
 i arched my eyebrow , tilted my head slightly at thyzil , and tossed my shoe backwards without looking . 
 the shoe hit the corner of the shelf knocking a stone sculpture off directly onto the empty beer can . 
 it not only crushed the can completely , but is stood perfectly upright on top of the can as if it was carefully placed there . 
 i never took my eyes off thyzil and did n't blink or smile . 
 i extended my arms outward palms up and said , `` tadah . '' 
 thyzil looked at the can , then back at me , and then at alura . 
 he was n't sure what to say at first . 
 then a smile began to form at the corner of his mouth while he tried to hold back his emotion , but his face gave way to a big smile . 
 i smiled in return and alura started laughing , which was too much for the zeshtune warrior to handle . 
 thyzil slapped both his hands on his knees and laughed so hard that tears formed in his eyes . 
 `` pretty good wizard , pretty good , '' he said . 
 `` never underestimate a wizard , yes ? '' 
 `` let 's hope not thyzil , '' i replied and the three of us leaned forward , tapped our beers together , and cheered . 
 `` to zeshtune , family , and our fallen comrades , '' alura said and raised her beer . 
 thyzil and i seconded the motion , then tapped each others beer cans and and enjoyed our tasty brews . 
 `` let 's see , '' i said . 
 `` we destroyed lupzarro , moon , moon 's partners , hundreds of wolves , saved three hostages , and we found and recovered three brave zeshtune warriors . 
 not bad for a couple of days work . '' 
 alura smiled . 
 `` not bad at all . 
 but we still have a loose thread to take care of . '' 
 chapter 26 `` yea , a big loose thread , '' i said . 
 `` ah chuy kak could start up another lycanthrope pack anytime . 
 heck , he probably already has other packs in manhattan that we do n't know about . 
 how are we going to find this badass ? '' 
 alura shrugged . 
 `` it wo n't be easy . 
 he has remained undetected among mankind for many thousands of years . 
 he hungers for power and seeks it constantly . 
 a number of politicians and world leaders are likely under his control , whether they know it or not , and ah chuy kak will use them to protect himself . '' 
 `` yea , and let 's not forget that the grand fur ball is a darkzon overlord . 
 even if we find him , we do n't know what to expect , and that puts us at a disadvantage . '' 
 `` not easy , many bad guys , much danger , '' thyzil said , rubbing his chin in thought , then added , `` count me in . '' 
 `` okay , looks like we 're going hunting , '' i said . 
 `` where do we start ? '' 
 `` you dear brother can start by spending time in your library and learning everything possible about ah chuy kak . 
 thyzil and i will consult with sarila about lycanthrope packs that we know about . 
 maybe we can find a connection . '' 
 with that said , alura and thyzil left for the batcave while i finished my beer and organized my thoughts for a productive reunion with books . 
 up to now , i have not had time to revisit my library , and quite frankly , i was n't particularly interested in a return visit anytime soon . 
 there was something unsettling about talking to a great grandfather version of myself . 
 then again , after being nearly eaten alive by lycanthropes , speaking to my older should be like having a vacation from monster land . 
 i wonder if there is anything in the library that can tell me how to get rid of watchers and hunter demons . 
 my life back on earth was beginning to resemble a carnival in a post apocalypse sort of way . 
 any help to restore even a small sense of normalcy would be welcomed . 
 i reluctantly forced myself up from my comfortable chair and walked to the concealed library entrance , then said , `` entrunezum . '' 
 the wall blurred and disappeared revealing the massive library and podium at the center of the ground floor . 
 i stood in front of the book that rested on the podium and spoke the words as instructed during my last visit : `` tranpla domas . '' 
 the book glowed and my older self , yochi , spoke . 
 `` welcome wizard . 
 you have successfully completed a major stage of recognition and defeated our enemy . 
 let us begin by recording the events of your journey to date . 
 place your hands on the book cover and close your eyes . '' 
 i did as instructed and gradually began drifting in my mind . 
 bright lights raced by with images of every event since my wizardry adventure began . 
 i saw manco when we were at the gate of the gods , kyiel on stage in las vegas with a unicorn , alura opening a cab door for me , meeting the elders of zeshtune , lupzarro , moon , and more . 
 the images ended in a sudden flash , and when i opened my eyes , my knees had buckled and my hands were still on the library book . 
 i thought motion sickness was going to get the better of me , but it quickly passed . 
 i stood up and tried to remove my hands from the book , but they were stuck as if glued in place . 
 `` i could use a little help here , '' i said . 
 a few moments later , a blue-white light shined from above on the book and my hands were released . 
 some sort of magical seat belt . 
 i did n't protest though because having my hands stuck on the book while going on a magical spooky tour kept my head from cracking open on the floor . 
 i felt odd referring to the voice in my library as my older voice , and using azul would be awkward , like speaking as a schizophrenic . 
 `` what should i call you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i am you . 
 if you wish to use another name instead of azul , perhaps the name yochi will do . 
 it is means hope and was your name among the mayan people when constructing the gate of the gods . '' 
 yochi ... sounds like a sidekick in a fantasy video game , but i can get use to it . 
 `` yochi will work fine , '' i said , grinning a little about the video game thought . 
 `` so yochi , one of the manhattan lycanthrope pack leaders told me i fought ah chuy kak during my last recognition . 
 i have no memory of this fight , but i did have a vision of being at tenochtitlan with alura . 
 can you help me remember anything about ah chuy kak ? '' 
 yochi told me to place my hand with the ring amulet on the book and speak the words : recalisa ah chuy kak . 
 i paused for a moment wondering if a magical handcuff or something worse might hold me prisoner , but before i had a chance to say anything , yochi spoke . 
 `` wizard , do not concern yourself about your interaction in this library . 
 besides , a one handed vision is only half as bad as a two handed vision '' yochi , make a joke . 
 leave it to my older self to become a spooky librarian with a sense of humor . 
 `` funny , you know , the one hand two hand thing , '' i said and let out a little laugh . 
 `` okay , let 's give it a whirl . '' 
 i placed my hand on the book and my ring amulet glowed . 
 i then closed my eyes and said , `` recalisa ah chuy kak , '' and instantly began traveling on another magical mind trip . 
 at first , only a small speck of light appeared , but it soon turned into a cyclone of bright yellow lights swirling in all directions . 
 images of forest canopies , winding rivers , and mayan cities flooded my mind . 
 i saw myself as an older wizard standing over city maps and talking to several mayan men . 
 alura and thyzil were dressed in their usual battle garb , except the desert eagles normally strapped to my sister 's legs were missing . 
 instead , one leg had five silver throwing knives tucked under strapped leather laces . 
 the other leg had what looked like a miniature crossbow . 
 the grenades were also missing , but six leather pouches in the shape and size of a baseball were tied to a double strap running across her chest . 
 a familiar sight was alura 's double silver swords also strapped on her back with the hilts pointed up ready for action . 
 thyzil , as always , sported his claymore strapped over his back . 
 the three of us were in our upper years with long grey hair and battle scars on our faces and limbs . 
 age did n't appear to be slowing us down though , and thyzil even had his pre-battle ear-to-ear grin . 
 all eyes were focused on the battle map as i issued orders and pointed to the top of a mayan temple . 
 `` thyzil , you and alura must be ready to strike before the mayan children reach the top temple stair . 
 we can not risk their safety . 
 i have men who will attack from inside the temple room , and when it begins , that will be our signal to take out ah chuy kak 's guards . 
 let us not forget what the lycanthropes have done to the tenochtitlan people . 
 we will end ah chuy kak 's terror , disease , and slavery this very day . 
 we win or die my friends . '' 
 a new vision began and this time i was seeing things through my own eyes . 
 i was dressed in a ceremonial garment that covered my body in red linen , beads of varying sizes , colorful feathers on a head dress , and a gold mask showing only my mouth and white beard . 
 i was walking inside the main city temple somewhere underground . 
 torches hung from stone statues providing ample light and the air smelled of burning oil . 
 rats scurried along the edges of the wall unconcerned about my presence , however , i was quite concerned about them -- i hate rats . 
 i came to a large room where six wooden cages were raised several feet off the dirt floor . 
 the cages were small , about four feet wide and tall , and tied to ropes strung from the ceiling . 
 the scent of death and blood polluted the air making me nauseas enough to try holding my breath , which worked until exhaling and taking a deep breath -- that nearly caused me to pass out . 
 pools of blood drenched the dirt beneath each cage and fresh body parts were strewn about the room . 
 the dismembered arms and legs were decorated in traditional mayan paint with custom jewelry wrapped around their wrists and ankles . 
 these mayans were killed recently and viciously torn apart in what looked like a lycanthrope feeding frenzy . 
 i looked into a leather pouch underneath my ceremonial robe and saw wolfsbane , silver nuggets , and various familiar items -- it was my wizard bag . 
 well , my wizard bag many thousands of years ago made out of old leather , and there was something was missing ... there were no magic coins . 
 what happened next explained the absence of the coins . 
 i took a few nuggets of silver out of my wizard bag and held it in the palm of my hand , then said , `` clotasia soot . '' 
 white light swirled around the nugget turning it into silver dust that rose into the air . 
 i stretched my hand out and it began swirling in circles . 
 `` ecasenah , '' i said and the swirling dust became larger , and then everything in sight , except me , was coated with a sparkling coat of fine silver dust . 
 i had cast a spell using only words , without magic coins . 
 how did i do that ? 
 a third vision began and i found myself standing on the temple top high above roads and structures . 
 stairs led down from all four sides of the temple to thousands of mayans gathered at the bottom . 
 four temple guards stood at each corner holding spears with tips pointed up . 
 the guards wore large gold medallions engraved with the image of ah chuy kak sitting on a throne , which looked very much like the five feet tall throne in front of me . 
 mayans observing from below would see ah chuy kak as their god sitting above all on plush red and gold linen . 
 a horn sounded from somewhere and the throne began to move slowly backward revealing an opening with stairs coming up from the level below . 
 two additional temple guards began walking up the stairs as and a large figure appeared in red and gold ceremonial garments wearing a head dress decorated with colored feathers -- it was ah chuy kak . 
 i struggled to not turn and blast ah chuy kak with wizard fire . 
 i very much wanted too annihilate the grand fur ball and could feel anger even though it was only a vision . 
 there was a plan was in motion and many lives were at stake . 
 understanding this kept me focused and controlled my anger . 
 ah chuy kak ascended from the stairs as two more temple guards followed him . 
 he turned to face the children walking up the stairs from where mayans stood below and then sat on his throne . 
 i could see alura with several other mayan friends following the children as if in a parade . 
 her weapons were fully hidden by the robes she wore . 
 thyzil was not in sight because his large muscular frame following small children would stand out and undoubtedly raise suspicion among the temple guards . 
 he was somewhere near though and probably had already destroyed a dozen lycanthropes traveling up through the temple layers . 
 when the children were a few steps away from the temple top , alura made eye contact with me and slowly nodded . 
 i returned the nod , threw my ceremonial robe off , and raised my staff . 
 `` ah chuy kak , '' i shouted . 
 the temple guards immediately turned to me pointing their spears . 
 i tapped the bottom of my staff on the temple floor and focused on my magic causing its amulet to glow brightly , then shouted , `` cellvarim . '' 
 blue-white lights flowed down from my staff amulet to the temple floor , spreading out to the edges along the stairs , and then rose up to the sky creating a semi-transparent 50 foot curtain . 
 a magical barricade now had the temple guards and ah chuy kak trapped . 
 at the same time , alura had thrown one of the baseball sized leather pouches into the air and pierced it with a dagger once it cleared the top of the barrier . 
 after a loud pop , silver dust fell inside the barrier on top of the temple guards . 
 ah chuy kak quickly covered himself with his robe to avoid the dust . 
 the temple guards screamed as the dust burned their skin and eyes . 
 all eight guards had breathed in the dust and fell to the temple floor thrashing in agony . 
 four guards lay still while smoke rose from their dead bodies . 
 the two guards closest to ah chuy kak shape shifted into seven foot razor teeth monsters , and while still smoking and sizzling from the silver dust , they looked at me and snarled . 
 ah chuy kak took his robe and gold mask off and stood up screaming in anger . 
 he was uglier than the drawing i saw at the new york public library . 
 dark eyes , the size of tennis balls , set deep into his leathery skin . 
 his blue lips stretched tightly from ear to ear revealing razor teeth and large nostrils . 
 a few long greasy strands of matted hair draped down to his shoulder from what was an oversized bald head . 
 his feet and hands were also oversized for a seven foot height body and both had long black nails . 
 i pointed my staff at the guards who were moving toward me and said , `` raza zitum . '' 
 blue-white disks shot out from my staff and proceeded to make mince meat out of the four fur balls . 
 ah chuy kak faced the stairs leading down to the lower level as i reached into my wizard bag for a five pointed wizard star , like those ninjas use in movies . 
 when ah chuy kak stepped onto the first stair , i threw the star at him and shouted , `` markas aktum . '' 
 ah chuy kak turned to see what was coming as the star turned white hot and landed on his forehead . 
 he screamed in a monstrous roar and held his hands to his face while the wizard star burned through his leathery face , melting into his skull . 
 ah chuy kak continued to roar in pain as he fell down the stairs out of sight . 
 the temple guards were all smoldering ashes as i ran pass them to the stairs . 
 i expected to see ah chuy kak thrashing on the floor below , but when i looked down the stairs , he was n't anywhere in sight . 
 the grand fur ball had disappeared somewhere down the temple tunnels . 
 i could not see alura or thyzil from where i was standing , but did see more baseball pouches thrown into the air sending silver dust onto other lycanthropes . 
 i could also hear thyzil counting his kills . 
 `` ten , no twelve . 
 keep up my princess , '' he said , all the while laughing , full of pride while counting more kills . 
 alura and thyzil had things under control , so i tapped my staff on the temple top and said , `` celldos , '' and the magic barrier melted away into the temple stone . 
 i turned my attention to pursuing ah chuy kak and quickly moved down the stairs into a dark chamber . 
 my staff amulet glowed and lit up a chamber about twenty feet long and wide . 
 what i saw took my breath away . 
 there were shriveled bodies piled up along all four walls . 
 no blood or body parts , only dried out bodies with looks of horror on their faces . 
 they looked the same as the bodies found at sunset park . 
 ah chuy kak was the monster responsible for killing these mayans and the people alura and i found at the warehouse . 
 i followed the corridor in pursuit of ah chuy kak and found my way into a labyrinth with various chambers and corridors . 
 each time i thought progress was made , i found myself turned around and back in the same chamber under the temple throne . 
 there was no way i would find ah chuy kak by running around in circles . 
 i had to use a different approach . 
 i closed my eyes and focused on the design of the temple . 
 the corridors and chambers became clear in my mind showing an underground tunnel . 
 i tried to see if ah chuy kak was anywhere inside the temple , but did not sense his presence . 
 the corridors and tunnel in my mind lit up bright yellow showing a path that led into the forest . 
 ah chuy kak undoubtedly took this path and was long gone . 
 when i opened my eyes , i saw alura and thyzil looking down at me from above . 
 `` well , is it over ? '' 
 alura asked . 
 i frowned . 
 `` no , it 's not over yet . 
 he got away . '' 
 `` do not worry wizard , we will find and destroy ugly beast , '' thyzil said , raising his claymore above his head triumphantly as if he already had . 
 `` yes , we will , '' i said and grinned . 
 `` ah chuy kak now has a wizard star burned into his skull . '' 
 alura and thyzil looked at each other and also grinned knowing the fur ball was marked . 
 my vision began to fade to blackness . 
 i opened my eyes and removed my hand from the book on the library , and this time , there was only a slight sense of nausea . 
 i 'm getting use to this thing . 
 i had marked ah chuy kak with a wizard star that is forever burned into his forehead . 
 unless he 's wearing a fedora , bandana , or some other top of the head fashion statement , the star will be visible to any wizard . 
 now i can pick the grand fur ball out from a crowd if he shapeshifts , but finding the crowd he hangs out with is an entirely different matter . 
 ah chuy kak had been feeding at sunset park and is most likely still in new york , unless he owned a jet and only stopped by for lunch . 
 `` azul , darkzon overloads ca n't be destroyed , '' yochi said . 
 `` overlords can only be banished into the dark void , and doing this will not be a simple task . 
 ah chuy kak is the original lycanthrope and a cunning creature possessing great power . 
 in fact , you have tried to banish him a number of times over the millenniums and have not yet succeeded . 
 even though ah chuy kak has continued to survive , you have always managed to destroy his empire and make him hide deep into the shadows . 
 you also have now marked him with a wizard star , making him vulnerable and at the same time more dangerous than ever before . '' 
 `` it sounds par for the course yochi . 
 what 's one more monster who wants a piece of me ? '' 
 `` you must be careful wizard . 
 he will seek your destruction before you have another chance to destroy him . 
 to banish ah chuy kak , you must touch the wizard star with your staff amulet , and that wo n't be as easy as it was placing it there . 
 there is a chance for success , albeit a small one , and when a chance exists , there is always hope . '' 
 `` i use to buy lottery tickets . 
 any chance is a good one to me in this monster game . 
 besides , if i do n't get him first ... '' yochi interrupted . 
 `` exactly , so be sure you do wizard . 
 very well , return to earth and protect the humans under your guard . 
 stay alert and be prepared . '' 
 i left the library and found alura and thyzil fat and happy sitting on the couch with pizza crust , empty cans of beer , and empty bags of chips piled on the coffee table . 
 sally had her head in one bag and was wagging her tail as she licked out crumbs . 
 `` having fun ? '' 
 i said sarcastically . 
 thyzil grinned . 
 `` wizard , i thought you got lost . 
 any longer , i might not move from couch , '' he said , patting his stomach and letting out a deep exhale . 
 alura was also grinning and put a large chip between her teeth making a taunting crunch , then said , `` yummy , too bad this was the last one brother . '' 
 i went into the kitchen and pulled out a bag of chips from underneath the sink . 
 `` ha , '' i said and shook the bag in the air , then stuffed a handful of chips into my mouth and made yummy noises while giving alura a gloating smile . 
 alura rolled her eyes . 
 `` maybe you should check your beer . '' 
 my smile quickly changed to panic . 
 no , not my beer . 
 i opened the refrigerator door and there was not even a single beer inside . 
 `` really ... you two could n't leave me one lousy beer ? '' 
 when i looked up , i saw alura tapping her fingers on a six pack on her lap . 
 she arched an eyebrow and made a coy smile . 
 `` oh , you 're so funny , a real comedian that makes me laugh non-stop , '' i said . 
 alura and thyzil began laughing and thyzil tossed me one of the beers . 
 `` fill us in brother . 
 what did you learn ? '' 
 `` i learned that ah chuy kak is most likely in new york with a wizard star stuck on his head , waiting for me to send him back to the dark void . '' 
 `` do you know where in new york ? '' 
 `` no , but yochi told me that he 'd find me , so i guess we wo n't have to look for him . '' 
 `` who is yochi ? '' 
 `` it 's what i call my library voice . 
 it means hope in mayan . '' 
 `` i see , '' alura said . 
 `` well , keep in mind that having a darkzon overlord choose a time and place to kill us is a big disadvantage . '' 
 `` perhaps , but a well planned defense and offense can turn any disadvantage into an advantage , '' i said . 
 thyzil laughed . 
 `` you see alura . 
 this is why he is powerful wizard . 
 you should think like him . '' 
 alura rolled her eyes . 
 `` oh yea ? 
 well , i 'm powerful enough to turn you into a bug . '' 
 thyzil 's smile faded . 
 `` really , you can do that ? 
 i do n't think i like being bug . '' 
 `` do n't worry thyzil . 
 alura is only kidding . '' 
 thyzil cleared his throat . 
 `` oh ... yes ... i knew this , of course , '' he said letting out a cautious laugh . 
 alura grinned . 
 `` maybe i am , and maybe i 'm not . '' 
 thyzil laughed . 
 `` another joke , yes ? '' 
 alura sat back down on the couch and kissed thyzil on his check . 
 she then put her arms around him and smiled saying , `` what do you think big guy ? '' 
 `` a joke , yes ? '' 
 thyzil asked again and paused for a moment , then added , `` if not , make me eagle , not bug . '' 
 alura shook her head and gave thyzil another kiss causing him to beam with pleasure . 
 `` you see wizard . 
 i am lucky man , '' he said , and i agreed . 
 chapter 27 `` okay guys , let 's do what we do best and kick more fur ball butts , '' i said . 
 the three of us walked into the batcave where sarila and her cohort were busy as usual . 
 computers were prowling the internet , large screen televisions were showing the latest news , and hologram programs were being tested . 
 `` sarila , would you like to be debriefed on my visit with my older self ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no need wizard . 
 yochi , ` your older self ' as you say , has already uploaded the transcript of your visit . '' 
 `` transcript ... really ? 
 is n't that an invasion of privacy ? '' 
 `` not at all wizard , especially since you designed the library yourself . 
 if you want to keep something confidential , you will have to tell yochi of your intention to do so , '' sarila said , her face perfectly straight and eyebrow slightly arched . 
 `` of course , anything pertaining to dark beings can not be censored , so be warned wizard . '' 
 okay then , from now on i 'll be extra careful not to disclose anything personal in my library . 
 if i think about melony , i 'll just keep saying baseball over and over in my head to drown out all the little batcave eavesdroppers . 
 i started to think about melony and how it would be nice to see her again . 
 perhaps a short visit before facing off with a darkzon overlord would be in order . 
 `` hey guys , i was thinking i 'd stop off on galbria to say hello to melony and catch up with you tomorrow . '' 
 `` i am sorry wizard , '' sarila said . 
 `` this is the time of naril on galbria . 
 melony will not be able to leave or receive visitors for a month earth time . '' 
 `` a whole month , seriously ? 
 what is naril ? '' 
 `` it is a time when the sisters of galbria meditate and commune with nature . 
 melony will be in a deep state of mediation until naril is completed . 
 you may leave a message for her here and i will be sure she receives it . '' 
 `` nah ... i 'll contact her later , '' i said , then gave the batcave a quick scan . 
 `` has anyone seen sally ? '' 
 `` sally is out on the surface playing with bayla and a few other technicians , '' sarila replied as she turned her attention back to work . 
 `` it appears your dog is quite fond of fresbies . '' 
 `` yea , and anything else flying through the air or bouncing on the ground . 
 well , since she 's having a good time , she can stay and get some exercise . '' 
 `` you two go , '' thyzil said . 
 `` i get more weapons to fight bad guys . 
 maybe two hours i meet you . '' 
 alura grabbed a large duffle bag stuffed with grenades , silver dust , hollow point magnum bullets , and of course her two faithful silver swords . 
 i was the economy version of zeshtune warriors in my family , but had an arsenal of magic in my wizard bag and a staff coin in my pocket . 
 even so , i 'd like to have some of those grenades with silver pellets if only for the entertainment value . 
 alura and i transported back to her apartment . 
 it was 11:20 pm and everything appeared deceptively quiet . 
 we stored her arsenal inside the porsche and arrived at my apartment a few minutes later , then parked in the rear alley . 
 the fire truck red porsche looked odd parked along side a large rusted metal garbage bin , but in a way , also made the ally feel a little safer . 
 loose newspapers littered the ally and were blowing around randomly creating an eerie setting . 
 i rarely use the ally entrance at night because i watched too many horror movies as a kid . 
 dark alleys are where monsters hid and ambushes took place . 
 not my first choice , but there were no parking spots available outside in front , so it was either ally parking or walking several blocks . 
 i was too tired and hungry to walk , so i let my grumbling stomach make the decision for me . 
 i was about to place my key inside the door lock when i heard a yelp sound . 
 alura immediately turned around and pulled her compact magic sword out of her pocket and said , `` unclass blade , `` extending it to full size . 
 i was a bit slower and dropped my keys , and when i turned around , i saw a hunter demon kneeling on one leg between two soldier wolves . 
 the demon 's long razor finger nails were sticking into the back of both wolves heads while two other wolves lay nearby cut cleanly in halves . 
 alura stepped forward with her blade raised to strike . 
 i put my arm in front of her to stop . 
 `` no , wait , '' i said . 
 `` if it wanted us dead , we 'd be dead already . '' 
 the demon stood up slowly with blood dripping from its fingers and reached under its hooded garment , then pulled out the white crystal necklace i had left in the ally the other day . 
 when the demon held up the glowing crystal , i saw its grotesque face and felt a little sad for the creature . 
 the demon placed the crystal back inside his garment and put his hands together inside its sleeves , then bowed its head and stood still . 
 the demon had giving me something of greater or equal value in return for the crystal -- it saved my life . 
 `` i guess this makes us even . 
 i release you from my service . '' 
 the hunter demon turned and jumped on a wall of an adjacent building , then raced up like a spider on fire and disappeared into the night shadows . 
 alura lowered her blade and asked , `` making new friends brother ? '' 
 `` looks like , '' i replied , smiling a little knowing my bargain with the demon paid off . 
 the dead wolves did not burn into ashes until alura stuck each with her silver blade . 
 once she did this , fiery ashes floated into the night sky creating the effect of an upside down snowfall . 
 `` merry deathmas , '' i said which caused alura to chuckle . 
 `` come on brave wizard . 
 let 's get inside before any more surprises come our way . '' 
 my defense shield would have protected me from the wolves attack , but alura may have been seriously hurt being caught off guard . 
 make note to self : have staff ready when entering rear door in ally , or walk a couple blocks and use the front door for pete 's sake . 
 i picked up my apartment key from the ground and unlocked the door . 
 as always , my wards disarmed then rearmed once we were safely inside . 
 alura sat on the couch and put her feet up on the coffee table , then tilted her head back letting out a long exhale while i went to the refrigerator for a beer . 
 `` get me a cold one too brother . '' 
 `` it 's going to cost you . '' 
 `` put it on my bill , '' she said , then took another long breath and exhaled . 
 `` where did those wolf soldiers come from ? 
 moon 's building and arena were destroyed and lieutenant mack would have taken out any strays trying to get away . '' 
 `` elementary my dear watson , '' i said . 
 `` there is trouble afoot elsewhere in the city . '' 
 alura grinned . 
 `` and you know this how sherlock ? '' 
 `` simple watson . 
 i used my superior deductive reasoning . 
 it 's quite simple really . 
 moon 's pack is destroyed . 
 ah chuy kak , the original grand fur ball is ticked off and wants to kill us . 
 so , you see , papa wolf sent his cubs to check us out . '' 
 i frowned and added , `` or to take us out . '' 
 alura shook her head . 
 `` wow , if i ever become a master wizard like you , will i have incredible intellectual prowess too ? '' 
 `` perhaps one day watson , but first things first , '' i said and chugged my beer down as alura rolled her eyes and smirked . 
 `` what ... it helps me to think , '' i said , then sat in my chair and put my feet up on the table next to her . 
 `` aha , i have an idea . 
 see little sister , beer actually does help me to think . '' 
 `` spit it out azul ... your idea , not the beer . '' 
 i told alura about my vision of the tenochtitlan where my magic barrier curtain sealed ah chuy kak in at the top of the temple . 
 `` if i could create this barrier , a sort of impenetrable magic box , perhaps it could trap and hold ah chuy kak long enough for me to banish him . '' 
 `` how will you touch the wizard star if ah chuy kak 's inside the barrier while you 're on the outside ? '' 
 good question . 
 `` one step at a time my impatient trainee . 
 first the idea , then the plan . '' 
 alura lifted her head from the couch and said , `` call me a trainee again and i will punch you in your nose . '' 
 `` okay , do n't get your ... '' alura arched her eyebrow and tilted her head as a warning for me to carefully choose my next words . 
 i decided to turn the conversation in a more productive and safer direction . 
 `` okay , check my thinking . 
 assuming i might actually accomplish this awesome wizardry spell , touching the wizard star with my staff will not be easy as you noted . 
 if i am inside the barrier , ah chuy kak could keep dodging me until my magic power weakens and the barrier fails . '' 
 `` and then you would have to fight hand-to-hand combat , '' alura said . 
 `` yea , and there 's that too . '' 
 `` so brother , what is your solution ? '' 
 fighting combat style up front and personal was alura 's and thyzil 's strength , not mine . 
 the magical barrier is my best option to defeat ah chuy kak , so i took my staff coin out of my pocket to give the spell a try . 
 `` let 's first see if i can cast the spell inside the apartment . '' 
 alura nodded , but i sensed she was concerned such a spell may be beyond my current abilities . 
 or worse , she was more likely thinking i 'd screw it up and blow the building up with us inside . 
 in my vision , i tapped the end of my staff on the temple floor , and with one spoken word , sent a barrier up fifty feet into the air that encircled the temple top . 
 it was fluid and semi-transparent , like thick saran wrap , except it had blue-white lights moving up and down . 
 `` okay , here goes , '' i said and changed my pocket coin into a staff causing the amulet to glow brightly . 
 i took a deep breath , closed my eyes , and felt magic surging through my body . 
 i then tapped my staff on the floor and said , `` cellvari . '' 
 magic flowed from inside me down through my staff and blue-white light covered the floor and walls . 
 and then ... all the lights in my apartment blew out , the microwave exploded , and my refrigerator door opened spewing out its entire contents . 
 alura arched her brow . 
 `` azul , maybe you should n't use this spell yet . 
 maybe you 're not ready . '' 
 `` hold on , it was n't cellvari , it was cellvarim . 
 oops , i mispronounced the spell . '' 
 `` oops ... that word has killed more wizards that i can count , '' alura said . 
 `` do n't worry , i got it . 
 let 's try again with the correct pronunciation this time . '' 
 alura raised both eyebrows and her mouth dropped . 
 i did n't mention her hair was sticking up from the electrical discharge . 
 angering a female zeshtune warrior about having a bad hair day seemed a needless risk at this point . 
 besides , ruining my apartment was enough for one night . 
 i held out my staff and said , `` cellvarim . '' 
 magic flowed from inside me again and through my staff as blue-white light rushed along the floor and covered the walls . 
 this time there was no damage , but my apartment was already ruined , so whatever happened next could n't be any worse -- at least i hope not . 
 alura reached into the top of her boot and pulled out three silver daggers . 
 she placed them together between her thumb and fingers , raised her hand over her shoulder , and threw the daggers at the front glass window . 
 the daggers bounced off without leaving a scratch . 
 `` not bad , '' she said . 
 i was surprised by her action , which clearly showed in my face . 
 alura grinned at my response knowing what i was thinking . 
 `` hey , did you ever consider that someone might be walking by that window ? 
 if the spell did n't work ... '' `` not that kind of a dagger brother . 
 these neat little weapons wo n't piece human flesh . 
 at worse , they might leave a nasty bruise . '' 
 not fair . 
 alura definitely has all the cool weapons . 
 i appreciate my magic , but saw no harm having a few toys for myself , just in case , and for pure fun . 
 `` anyway , congratulations brother . 
 you are bonding with your staff better than i expected . '' 
 `` bonding with my staff ? 
 what does that mean ? '' 
 `` your staff amulet has unlimited magic . 
 your body , however , is weak as are all physical bodies . 
 magic coins are needed to recharge your body 's magic and channel it through your staff and amulets . 
 bonding means that your staff and mind are becoming more connected , which allows for magic to be used more efficiently . 
 more power , bigger spells , less coins . '' 
 alura was right . 
 i did n't feel any drain of strength and the barrier was holding . 
 i grinned while tapping my staff on the floor and said , `` celldos , '' causing the barrier to recede and disappear into the floor . 
 `` do n't get too cocky brother , '' alura said while picking up her daggers off the floor . 
 `` you almost destroyed this place , remember ? '' 
 i continued grinning . 
 `` you 're such a nitpick , '' i said , then opened another beer to take a well deserved drink in celebration of my magical bonding . 
 `` hey , i think i have another idea . 
 each time we transport from a pentagram , the perimeter of the base shoots up light . 
 remember in iraq when i made a pentagram in sand for us to escape lupzarro and blue-white light rose up all the way into the clouds ? 
 is the light solid ? '' 
 `` it is not only solid , but also impenetrable so nothing can interfere with the transportation spell . '' 
 `` i thought so . 
 what if we had a second pentagram high above , say a ceiling , and cast a barrier instead of a transportation spell that connected to a pentagram on the ground . 
 would it enclose both pentagram ? '' 
 alura 's eyes perked up . 
 `` it just might , and that would give you a magical box , or can so to speak . 
 good thinking brother . '' 
 i grinned with satisfaction while holding my beer can up and proudly said , `` never underestimate the power of hops and barley dear sister . '' 
 a second later , something moved near the front door and my wards lit up . 
 someone , or something , slid something under the door . 
 i slowly walked toward the door pointing my staff ready to let hell loose on anything that might get past my wards , as unlikely as that might be . 
 as i got closer , i saw that it was an envelope . 
 i hesitated for a moment in opening it as my imagination conjured up all sorts of booby traps . 
 to my surprise , inside was a backstage pass for a concert at a nightclub not far from alura 's apartment . 
 the words written on the envelop read : important -- 7:00 p.m. -- ask for tommy . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 alura asked , her eyes narrowing with suspicion . 
 `` looks like i 'm invited to a concert tomorrow at penzdor 's theater . '' 
 alura laughed . 
 `` you 're invited to a concert ? 
 why would anyone invite an old man like you to a punk concert ? '' 
 `` hey , i 'm not that old sister , at least not physically . 
 besides , i do n't think it has anything to do with the concert . 
 the note says it 's important and to ask for tommy . '' 
 alura grabbed the pass . 
 `` this band is very popular . 
 not my type of music , or yours , but they have been around for a couple of years and always sell out their shows , '' she said , tapping the pass on her chin . 
 `` hmm ... only one pass . 
 which of us should go ? '' 
 i snatched the pass out of alura 's hand and said , `` why me of course . 
 if who ever left this wanted you to go , they would have slid it under your apartment door . '' 
 alura frowned . 
 `` could be a trap you know . '' 
 `` at a sold out concert ? 
 not likely . '' 
 `` just the same , i 'm coming with you . 
 i may not get backstage , but i can get awfully close should you need me . '' 
 `` okay , but do n't expect me to get you any autographs . '' 
 `` oh please , spare me the late night humor , '' she said , then put her coat on and opened the door . 
 `` i 'm going home to take care of few things and sleep . 
 goodnight mr. punk . '' 
 `` you 're just jealous , '' i said and waved the pass at her as she shut the door . 
 i finished my beer and soon fell asleep in my chair . 
 when i woke up the next morning , my neck was killing me from sleeping slouched over to one side . 
 nothing a good breakfast ca n't cure . 
 i made both coffee and tea along with my usual supply of eggs , bacon , and toast . 
 the coffee was to wake me up . 
 the tea from magical herbs was to help relax my neck muscles . 
 melony told me her special tea had healing properties , and since there was no aspirin in my cupboards , her tea was the next best thing . 
 i drank down the tea like i take medicine , in one big gulp . 
 it did n't taste bad , but for me morning time was for coffee . 
 tea did n't fit into my morning repertoire . 
 i 've said it before , and i 'll say it again : `` sleep is the result of caffeine deprivation . '' 
 i drank my java in cherished sips and polished down my breakfast in record time . 
 it had been a long time since i ate so much food , mostly because sally was n't here bumping it off my fork with her cold wet nose the rest of the day was all mine . 
 i caught up on my reading , watched an action movie , and organized my apartment a little . 
 it was a great day with no monsters -- just pizza , beer , and quiet solitude . 
 later , i heard alura 's porsche come to a screech . 
 i looked at my watch as she entered and noted that it was already 6:00 p.m. . 
 she smiled and then poured herself a cup of coffee , took a sip , and spit it out into the kitchen sink . 
 `` yuk , how old is this ? '' 
 she asked , then continued spitting into the sink . 
 `` are you trying to poison me brother ? '' 
 `` you are always welcome to make a fresh pot . '' 
 alura smirked and took a beer from the refrigerator . 
 `` no thanks , this will do , '' she said and sat next to me on the couch . 
 `` i bet you got a lot of rest , did n't you ? '' 
 `` sure did . 
 it was the best do nothing day ever . 
 does it have to end ? '' 
 `` yup , sure does , '' she said , then proceeded to tug me off the couch . '' 
 come on lazy wizard , we have a concert to attend . '' 
 penzdor 's theater would normally be a five minute drive . 
 alura made it there with her porsche in two minutes -- so much for my relaxing day . 
 i showed my backstage pass and zwc credentials to the concert security . 
 they gave me a look up and down and waved a metal detector wand over me . 
 i had already changed my staff coin into a walking cane in the event some quick magic was needed -- the guards barely noticed it . 
 `` he 's good . 
 let him pass , '' a guard said . 
 a young girl opened the door and led me down the hall to another guard . 
 `` he 's here to see tommy , '' the girl said . 
 the guard stood aside and we walked into a worn out room right out of an old black and white movie script . 
 three young people were plucking away at instruments and barely glanced at me before playing some unrecognizable tune . 
 the young girl who led me into the room shouted , `` tommy , he 's here . '' 
 a man in his mid-twenties came out from behind a curtain . 
 he was completely punked out . 
 orange and purple spiked hair , piercings in his ears , nose , eyelids , lips , and i do n't even want to guess where else . 
 he wore jeans , a black t-shirt , and blue sneakers with orange laces . 
 he smiled and then held out his hand to shake . 
 `` thank you for coming mr. zane . '' 
 i shook his hand . 
 `` no problem . 
 how could i resist a cultural experience like this ? '' 
 the girl who led me down the hall giggled and placed her hand over her mouth . 
 `` let me introduce you to my band . 
 this is grover , miles , brandy , and of course you already know robin who is trying to hide her beautiful smile . '' 
 each band member nodded during the introduction and went about plucking away on their instruments . 
 `` so tommy , what 's this all about ? '' 
 tommy told me to make myself comfortable and offered a can of beer , which i gladly took , but decided not to sit down until i knew why he wanted to see me . 
 `` mr. zane , we are in desperate need of your help . '' 
 `` you need my help ? 
 what is it that you think i can do for you ? '' 
 `` we first saw you at the sunset park warehouse . 
 at the time , we were n't sure you could be trusted . '' 
 `` you were at sunset park ? '' 
 `` yes , watching from a distance . 
 it was n't until you destroyed robert moon 's building that we were sure our enemy is the same . '' 
 `` saw that mess too did you ? 
 who are you people ? '' 
 `` we are friends mr. zane , or at least not enemies , and seek the destruction of the same demon . '' 
 tommy raised his hand up and changed it into a hairy lycanthrope paw and back to a human hand . 
 i looked around at the others were grinning and flashing their bright yellow eyes . 
 `` do n't be alarmed mr. zane . 
 we are also human , and i am happy to say , mostly human -- hybrids to be exact . '' 
 maybe aura was right about walking into a trap , but i did n't sense any danger . 
 the hairs on the back of my neck did not stand up and i did n't smell anything wolfy . 
 i raised my walking cane up across my chest and the handle glowed bright blue-white . 
 `` you see , i told you he was a wizard , '' robin said . 
 `` he is the one we have been told about all these years . '' 
 the other hybrids eyes turned normal and they looked at tommy waiting for his response . 
 `` yes , it 's true , '' tommy said . 
 `` mr. zane , we are the children of lycanthrope fathers who took upon themselves human wives -- some willing , some not . 
 the children of this unholy union took on characteristics of both parents , but not all retained their humanity . 
 those you see here in this room are mostly human and able to control the beast within them . 
 we do not harm humans and have continued to live among them as friends for many hundreds of years . 
 i am the eldest of my pack , 826 years old . 
 robin is the youngest , a mere 63 years old . '' 
 `` okay , so we 're not enemies , i can sense that . 
 what do you know about sunset park ? '' 
 `` it is where the bodies of our brothers and sisters were piled to rot . 
 you see mr. zane , in the eyes of full blooded lycanthropes , we are a disease and embarrassment to the perfection they see in themselves . 
 many of the bodies you saw in the warehouse were hybrids like us , '' `` what happened to them ? 
 i mean , how did they die ? '' 
 `` our ancestors have prophesized of a great evil feeding on human and hybrid souls . 
 i have seen it happen only once , more than four hundred years ago . 
 this creature gets close to its victims and sucks their life out . 
 in a few seconds the victim 's body shrinks to a lifeless shell of what they once were . 
 our ancestors also prophesized about a great wizard who would appear during the galactic alignment to defeat the great evil . '' 
 chapter 28 i already knew ah chuy kak was responsible for the bodies at the mayan temple and almost certain he was responsible for those at sunset park . 
 what was new is who the bodies were . 
 so far , there was nothing written in the wolfpedia book about soul sucking lycanthropes attacking hybrids . 
 none or my visions even hinted of the existence of hybrids . 
 `` we can help you too mr. zane . 
 my brothers and sisters have many of the same powers of pure lycanthropes : smell , hearing , speed , and strength . 
 we can be your eyes and ears and help you rid our world of this evil . '' 
 tommy and his friends must be on the up and up because i did n't sense any danger , and having allies with such heightened senses could be useful in tracking ah chuy kak . 
 what the heck , i can use all the help i can get . 
 `` okay tommy , we can work together , but it has to be on my terms . 
 you and your pack will have to follow my orders without question . 
 can you do this ? '' 
 tommy looked at each hybrid who nodded in acceptance . 
 `` yes mr. zane , we all agree to follow your orders . '' 
 `` great , and call me daniel . '' 
 all the hybrids smiled and began singing an old beatles song : `` you say you want a revolution , well , you know , we 're all doing what we can ... '' now there 's a song i recognized and one i bet they do n't sing on stage . 
 `` i would like to introduce you to my sister , '' i said . 
 `` may i ask her to join us ? '' 
 `` of course daniel , and please help yourself to another beer , '' tommy replied and then asked robin to find alura . 
 i closed my eyes and called out to alura in my mind . 
 < alura , i 'm backstage with friends . 
 meet robin at the stage entrance and she will bring you to me > . 
 a few minutes later robin brought alura in to meet everyone . 
 one of the hybrids looked alura up and down and his jaw nearly hit the floor . 
 `` hey , she 's my sister buddy . 
 back off . '' 
 the hybrid closed his mouth and starting playing his guitar again . 
 alura smiled . 
 `` always the big brother , are n't you ? '' 
 `` it 's better he hears it from me than thyzil , who surely would make the poor guy wet his pants , '' i muttered . 
 alura laughed , then she introduced herself to the pack . 
 we then we sat at a table with tommy to share what we knew about ah chuy kak . 
 surprisingly , the hybrids had collected a wealth of intelligence , including the names and locations of business and political leaders who were either pure lycanthropes or in league with them . 
 we only had about 20 minutes to talk before a man opened the door telling tommy he was due on stage . 
 the pack picked up their instruments and headed up some stairs toward the stage area . 
 `` daniel , there is rumor of a meeting among the lycanthrope pack leaders to determine who will be the new alpha in this city , '' tommy said . 
 `` after you destroyed moon , they have been at each other 's throats . 
 my pack and other friends are keeping a close watch on things . 
 i will contact you as soon as i learn more details . '' 
 `` okay tommy , keep in touch . '' 
 we shook hands and tommy went up the stairs to the stage . 
 a minute later , loud music poured through the basement and i covered my ears while alura shook her head and laughed . 
 `` what ? 
 i asked . 
 `` you 're not going to tell me this noise is music , are you ? '' 
 alura stood still for a moment with a serious face and then broke into a fit of immaturity saying , `` old man , '' while pretending to dance to what only she could believe was a music beat . 
 `` you can be really annoying when you want to be , '' i said . 
 alura kept dancing around me in circles and chanting , `` i know you are , but what am i ? '' 
 it is near impossible to be truly annoyed by alura . 
 she had that special something about her that people liked , so i responded in the best way i knew how . 
 i stuck my tongue out and gave her the raspberry , which did absolutely nothing to stop her from chanting , `` i know you are , but what am i ? '' 
 give me a break . 
 alura dropped me off at my apartment . 
 she wanted to get up early the next morning to meet thyzil , so i once again had some time alone . 
 fine with me , because i was looking forward to making breakfast without having to worry about her snatching toast from my plate . 
 sally was bad enough , but not nearly as sneaky as alura and hardly ever stole my toast . 
 morning arrived and before i broke my first egg , sarila texted me saying she was tired of dog sitting . 
 apparently sally howled and barked all last night from having severe cabin fever , or cave fever in this case . 
 on the other hand , a dog can only stay so long on a distant planet before missing my special sausage link breakfast . 
 sally was good to go between earth and keob now that she had an amulet clamped onto her collar . 
 i texted sarila back and asked her to have sally stand inside the batcave pentagram to be transported back to manhattan . 
 breakfast will have to wait a few more minutes . 
 i went to my bedroom , snapped a blue magic coin in half , turning it to powder , then blew it into the pentagram saying , `` transmati sally . '' 
 almost as fast as the blue-white lights shot up from the pentagram , sally leapt through it and knocked me down on the floor to slobber on every inch of my face . 
 `` sally , you 're suffocating me you old goofball . 
 come on , let 's make some of your favorite sausages and then go for a walk . '' 
 sally woofed and followed me to the kitchen . 
 just as i cracked an egg into the frying pan , my phone buzzed indicating i had another text message . 
 it read : package ready for pickup -- magical herbs . 
 i had n't thought about the shoppe since taking melony to keob and wondered who was running it now . 
 sally looked at me in a way that suggested i keep making breakfast , or else . 
 food first , walk second , and then we visit the magical herbs shoppe -- a daily routine that 's easy to follow . 
 when breakfast was finally ready , we ate until our bellies were full , then i put the plates into the sink to soak in water . 
 sally sat by the kitchen table hoping a treat might be given to her , so i guess her belly never gets full . 
 `` okay sally , let 's go see who the new manager is at magical herbs . '' 
 sally jumped up and ran to the front door pulling her leash off the coat rack . 
 after stepping outside , we looked around to see if any watchers were hanging around . 
 now that lupzarro and moon were out of the picture , i was hoping the nasty hell pet is now unemployed . 
 nothing but sunshine and everyday people -- fantastic . 
 `` looks good sally . 
 no freaky bird to worry about . '' 
 there were a number of people browsing inside magical herbs when we arrived . 
 sally showed interest in what the patrons were doing and almost knocked over some jars with her wagging tail . 
 i looked over to the counter and was surprised to see balya , keob 's in-house doctor smiling at me . 
 `` balya , you 're the new shoppe manager ? '' 
 `` good day daniel , and yes , shoppe manager is my new side job . 
 sarila thought you might need me nearby in case of an emergency , '' she said , then frowned . 
 `` i am afraid dr. herick passed away in his sleep the same night he last visited your apartment . 
 natural causes , nothing unusual . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry he 's gone . 
 dr. herick was a good man , '' i said , then balya pulled a package out from under the counter . 
 `` alura ordered this earlier . 
 she wanted to be sure you had fresh supplies for your work , field trips , and general good health . '' 
 balya looked down at sally and asked her if she was checking out the old neighborhood . 
 sally woofed twice and balya laughed . 
 `` it 's good to know you 'll be close by balya . 
 i 'll see you again soon . '' 
 `` bye daniel . 
 bye sally . '' 
 as i turned to exit the shoppe , i felt sally 's leash tighten and she made a deep growl . 
 i looked up to where she was growling and saw a lady outside the shoppe slowly walking by while giving me a chilling stare . 
 it was that women who melony introduced me to . 
 what was her name ... swanson , mrs. swanson . 
 sally 's growl got louder and i saw a dark grey aura swirl in and out of swanson 's body -- she was a black witch . 
 not a big surprise and it sure explained her attitude . 
 when sally and i stepped outside of the shoppe , swanson was no where in sight . 
 sally looked up and down the street making a woof each time her head turned . 
 swanson had simply disappeared . 
 a gust of wind rushed down the street and i barely heard a women 's voice whisper , `` you got away last time wizard . 
 next time you will not be so lucky . '' 
 last time ? 
 as in last time when a green mist tried to eat melony and me ? 
 great , now i have a crazy mist conjuring black witch to place on my who wants to kill the wizard enemy list . 
 swanson , if that was even her real name , may have sent the mist demon after melony and me , but it was likely she was taking orders from moon or ah chuy kak , or both . 
 employing a witch to cast spells actually make sense because lycanthropes do n't possess magic . 
 if lupzarro or moon did hire swanson , i wonder what she got in return for her services . 
 anyone who could conjure up what chased melony and me nearly to our deaths was not someone to take lightly , nor would their talent come cheap . 
 werewolves , demons , spooky green mist , and now black witches . 
 granted , i am becoming a stronger wizard who does n't scare as easily as a few weeks ago . 
 even so , i ca n't help feeling as if my neighborhood has become an eerie version of the bronx zoo in a twilight zone episode . 
 sally and i returned to our apartment where alura and thyzil were waiting . 
 it should always be expected that when these two are unsupervised , pizza crust and empty beer cans will be littered around the room . 
 this time was no different , except some pizza was still in the box and a few cold beers were waiting for me . 
 `` hi kiddies , '' i said . 
 `` wizard , do you see unopened beers ? '' 
 thyzil asked , pointing to a six pack . 
 `` true warriors resist temptation , yes ? '' 
 he asked , then proceeded to make a long and loud burp . 
 alura threw an empty can at thyzil , calling him gross and disgusting . 
 thyzil shrugged and let out another even more offensive burp . 
 `` what princess , would you rather my eyes pop out ? '' 
 he asked , then opened his eyes wide to exaggerate the point . 
 `` '' bubbles must go somewhere , '' . 
 sally wasted no time in begging alura for some pizza while i had myself a cold brew . 
 `` did you guys know balya is the new manager at magical herbs ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yup , she transported to my apartment with thyzil early this morning , '' alura said . 
 i suspected as much . 
 alura was always a step ahead of me on current zeshtune events . 
 `` i bet you do n't know a certain magical herbs customer , one who goes by the name of mrs. swanson , is a black witch . '' 
 `` azul , half of the magical herbs customers are witches , or related in some way to the occult , '' alura said . 
 `` well , this particular black witch may be the one who sent the mist demon after melony and me . 
 she was probably hired by moon to snuff us out on behalf of ah chuy kak . '' 
 alura frowned . 
 `` there are several black witch covens in the city . 
 all of them practice dark magic and offer their services to a special clientele , mostly business men and politicians . 
 they have no loyalty to anyone outside their covens , and once they are contracted for services , nothing short of their deaths will stop them from completing it . 
 was this swanson inside the shoppe ? '' 
 `` no , she walked by on the outside giving me a witchy look . 
 a dark grey aura was easily seen weaving in and out of her body , and her eyes were black as coal . 
 she warned me that the next time i would not be so lucky . '' 
 `` a black witch becomes fully consumed by evil once they either take a human life or summon a demon to take a life , '' alura said . 
 `` if she summoned the mist demon to kill you , she has become fully corrupted by dark power and the shoppe wards will prevent her from entering . 
 do n't worry brother . 
 if she was hired by the now deceased moon , her contract is null and void , unless she was compensated or promised something in advance , which would make things a bit more complicated . 
 kyiel can show you how to whip up some charms to increase your protection against black witchcraft . '' 
 alura moved the pizza boxes onto the floor and opened the package that i picked up from magical herbs . 
 she removed the contents and placed each item on the coffee table according to either size or shape . 
 several small tubes , the size of lipsticks , were placed together along bags of herbs and what looked like bars of soap . 
 her arrangement reminded me of an avon or mary kay home party . 
 i have never been to such a home party , would n't want to , but i 've seen pictures . 
 cosmetics and giggling women plastering their faces with petroleum byproducts is simply not my thing . 
 i picked up one of the soap look-a-likes and smelled it , expecting a rose or lavender aroma , but there was no scent , not even a soapy smell . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` bees wax , '' alura replied . 
 `` you 'll find it handy for making pentagrams in damp places where chalk wo n't work well . '' 
 alura held up an aerosol can . 
 `` and this dear brother is liquid bees wax for getting to those hard to reach places , such as a high wall or ceiling . 
 both the bars and aerosol have magical properties to magnify a wizard 's spell . '' 
 we needed to have a pentagram above and around ah chuy kak to trap the fur ball before he changed into a bird and flew away . 
 the trap had to be perfect . 
 even the smallest opening , such as an air duct or electrical socket , would be enough for him to escape . 
 whatever the case may be , ah chuy kak would have to be caught in the right place and at the right time . 
 if he had to be lured , well ... i guess i was going to be the bait . 
 lucky me . 
 my older self , yochi , told back me on keob that i did n't have to seek out ah chuy kak because he would find me . 
 i did n't fancy an encounter while at the market shopping for groceries -- too many innocent people . 
 the trick will be to set a trap for ah chuy kak 's on own territory where he 'd feel safe . 
 so far , all the top dogs in the lycanthrope packs i 've met were egotistical and over confident , which makes them prone to mistakes . 
 i had no reason to believe ah chuy kak was any different and assumed he survived mostly by keeping himself well hidden , not by being smart . 
 well , hiding and being surrounded by hundreds of flesh eating shapeshifter offspring is sort of smart , but also cowardly . 
 my phone rang . 
 `` daniel , this is tommy . 
 i have some news . '' 
 alura and i were with tommy just yesterday and i had not expected him to contact me so soon . 
 whenever someone says they have news , in a dreary tone like tommy used , it was almost certain the news was bad . 
 `` hey tommy , what 's up ? '' 
 `` i heard from another pack upstate at howe caverns . 
 they found more bodies , like those at sunset park . 
 i 'm sending you some pictures now . '' 
 the pictures tommy sent me showed piles of shriveled up bodies stacked against a natural stone wall . 
 all the bodies had horrific expressions with their eyes and mouths wide open . 
 some had no clothes , which was also the case at sunset park . 
 `` tommy , do you know why some of these bodies are naked ? '' 
 there was a long pause . 
 `` uh ... yea , i do . 
 their hybrids , '' he said . 
 `` daniel , i knew them . 
 they were family . 
 some are as old as me . '' 
 `` sorry tommy , but why are they naked ? '' 
 `` unlike purebred lycanthropes who can change shape into many things , hybrids can only change into wolfs , you know , the four legged kind . 
 when we hunt , we take our clothes off before turning to avoid ripping everything apart . 
 you can imagine how difficult it would be explaining to law officials why a group of kids are naked , or wearing shredded clothes , when returning to town . '' 
 `` yea , explaining nakedness would be difficult , '' i said . 
 `` what exactly do hybrids hunt ? '' 
 `` not humans , if that 's what you 're thinking . 
 we go out every so often to hunt deer and other wildlife . 
 we 're human daniel , but still have our primal desire to hunt , not unlike many humans up this way with rifles . '' 
 `` tell me more about where the bodies were found . '' 
 tommy told me that bodies were in a hidden cave near howe caverns located in howe , new york . 
 howe caverns are new york 's largest tourist attraction , second only to niagara falls , and is touted as a family adventure park . 
 located 160 miles from manhattan and northwest of albany , howe has about 1,200 people living on less than 14,000 square miles of land . 
 it 's a small town tucked away in a corner of new england and is sustained mostly by tourist dollars `` there 's more , '' tommy said . 
 `` purebreds from the city have been gathering nearby , mostly in schenectady . 
 they are vips , wealthy business professionals , and state politicians . 
 senator kendrisol is hosting an economic summit at the howe pike hill inn , but it 's a ruse to gather purebreds without raising suspicions . '' 
 senator kendrisol is a slippery politician who is always being investigated for ethic violations . 
 most recently he has been accused of being mixed up with the new york mob and disappearance of a young intern . 
 `` kendrisol is a lycanthrope ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` he has been around almost a long as me daniel . 
 i first knew of him back in the american revolution when he was a british general . 
 since then he has changed identities and professions many times . 
 kendrisol may appear polished and upright with his expensive uptown lifestyle and wall street friends , but he is one of the most vicious of all lycanthropes in new york . '' 
 silly me , i thought lupzarro and moon were the worst . 
 `` do you want to drive up to howe with me in the morning and check things out ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i should stay here , '' tommy replied . 
 `` no offense , but being seen with a wizard might jeopardize the safety of my own pack . '' 
 tommy felt that since twyer 's pack was already under attack , a prolonged meeting with a wizard might not matter much , but his own pack was unknown and he wanted to keep it that way . 
 fair enough . 
 `` you need to meet a man named henry twyer who owns and operates the town general store . 
 henry is the pack leader of the northwest new york hybrids and will fill you in once you arrive . '' 
 `` okay then , i 'll let you know how it goes once i meet up with henry . 
 thanks for calling tommy . '' 
 `` sure daniel . 
 take care of yourself . '' 
 alura wished me luck and headed out to do some errands and meet up with thyzil . 
 meanwhile , i hung around the apartment for the day , had some more pizza , a couple beers , and read some magazines . 
 as relaxing as my day was , i reminded myself that i was getting closer to finding ah chuy kak , the final loose thread . 
 the next morning a rental car was waiting for me outside my apartment , care of sarila . 
 nothing special , a later model compact car , but it had ice cold air conditioning . 
 since it was mid july with temperatures expected to hit 95 degrees in the shade , air conditioning was second only to having an engine that works . 
 it take about three hours to reach howe once getting out of manhattan 's carmageddon gridlock . 
 once out of the gridlock , the more scenic and enjoyable the drive became . 
 after one long stretch of road where no living thing was seen , i followed a sign to howe that pointed left onto a dirt road filled with potholes . 
 the small compact car managed to hold up well , except for a few water filled potholes nearly breaking the rear axle and pushing my head into the roof . 
 a large sign posted next to a smaller welcome to howe sign notified tourist that the caverns were closed due to a west nile virus outbreak . 
 nothing like a viral infection scare to keep away picture takers and rock collectors . 
 as i passed the signs , a police car pulled onto the road behind me with its lights flashing . 
 `` nice welcome , '' i muttered and pulled over waiting for the officer to approach . 
 chapter 29 the police car door opened and a tall muscular officer stepped out . 
 he was a big man , not thyzil big , but intimidating just the same . 
 no one would ever give this guy any trouble . 
 `` license and registration , '' the officer said . 
 after the officer looked at my documents he handed them back and smiled . 
 `` thank you mr. zane . 
 henry is expecting you sir at the general store . 
 it 's the first building you see when pulling into town . '' 
 i thanked the officer and began to drive off toward town . 
 from my rearview mirror , i saw him pull a road block across the dirt road and position his car sideways behind it . 
 looks like no one would be going in or out of the town on this road , at least not by car . 
 being a wizard , i could always transport out of town should any pitch fork and sickle crazed townspeople think i was frankenstein , but hey , why think about the worst case scenario . 
 like i say , paranoia is a good ally is one wishes to stay alive . 
 i arrived at the general store at lunch time and had expected to see people going about their business . 
 instead , everything was quiet with no one in sight . 
 several pickup trucks were parked unattended with bales of hay and oats piled in their flat beds . 
 a hound dog sleeping on the porch of the general store was the only sign of life . 
 i parked my car in front where a wooden sign hanging above a door read : general store , henry r. twyer , proprietor , est. 1883 . 
 if this is the same henry , he 'd be well over 100 years old , which is actually not that old for a lycanthrope , or hybrid . 
 as i reached for the store 's doorknob , someone inside opened it . 
 a tall thin middle aged man with red hair and a beard greeted me . 
 several people standing behind him were smiling in a curiosity manner , clearly not accustomed to having visitors . 
 `` welcome mr. zane . 
 my name is henry twyer and i am the proprietor of this store . 
 tommy is a friend of ours and told us you would be coming . '' 
 the other people continued smiling and nodded as they introduced themselves . 
 i sensed no danger , did n't smell any wolfs , and felt very welcomed . 
 a young woman handed me a warm glass of cider and cinnamon stick . 
 `` stir the stick in the cider sir , '' she said . 
 `` it makes it taste so wonderful , '' `` thank you for your hospitality , and please , everyone call me daniel . 
 henry , can you take me to the area tommy talked about ? '' 
 `` yes sir , i can . 
 come with me . 
 we 'll use my truck to get there and my two sons can ride in back . '' 
 as we drove to the caverns , i had to ask . 
 `` your store sign says established 1883 . 
 did your grandfather start up the store ? '' 
 henry laughed . 
 `` yes sir , outsiders think of me as henry twyer iii . 
 locals know me as the one and only original henry twyer . '' 
 `` i see . 
 how many hybrids are there in howe ? '' 
 `` that would be the whole town , all 1,203 of us , '' he said . 
 `` not all of us are shapeshifters . 
 only a few hundred that are can actually change form . 
 most of the pack lives out their time as ordinary humans , as is the case with most other hybrid packs . 
 tommy and i have known each other for hundreds of years . 
 we use to farm together until the electric guitar was invented . 
 that 's when tommy went all crazy for rock and roll and city life . 
 damn noisy contraptions , those guitars . '' 
 i smiled and nearly laughed . 
 it was hard to imagine tommy pulling a plow with henry , who looked very much the part , but tommy was clearly born for rock music . 
 `` have you seen tommy recently ? '' 
 i asked . 
 henry frowned . 
 `` you mean all those tattoos , crazy hair , and metal things stabbed through the face of what use to be my tommy boy ? 
 no , i have n't seen him for years . 
 once was enough to scare me right back to the farm in a jiffy . 
 we keep in touch by phone now . '' 
 henry stopped his truck at a cliff wall covered with brush . 
 his sons hopped out from the back and we followed henry to the cliff . 
 are they expecting me to climb that 100 foot granite wall ? 
 not going to happen . 
 henry paused at some brush and pulled it aside revealing a narrow passage . 
 `` this way daniel . 
 it 's a tight fit , but we only have to go in a few feet . '' 
 when i entered the passage , i felt the hairs on the back of my neck stand up , and i smelt wolf . 
 after a few more steps , we entered a cave about 30 feet square filled with shriveled corpses , all piled up in the middle . 
 sunlight was shinning down from a large hole 30 feet above onto the corpses . 
 `` some of these bodies are city folk , '' henry said , pointing to bodies fully dressed . 
 `` these three over there without clothes are ours who went missing a few weeks ago . '' 
 `` has anyone gone missing since then ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no , the last full moon hunt was when our townsfolk began disappearing . 
 this sort of thing has never happened before up these parts . '' 
 the bodies alura and i found at sunset park were just like these victims , making me think that ah chuy kak 's new feeding ground was 30 feet above my head . 
 if so , this is where the grand fur ball will probably be during the next full moon . 
 `` henry , when will the next full moon occur ? '' 
 `` in two days time . '' 
 `` okay , i 'll be back before then . 
 you and your sons should return to town and stay away from this mountain . 
 i need to return to manhattan for some help . '' 
 `` do n't you need a ride back to your car ? '' 
 `` no , i have another way . 
 i 'll see you again in a couple of days . '' 
 after henry and his sons left the cave , i summoned kyiel to take a look around up above inside the cavern . 
 it was weird watching him float up and back down again through the hole like a ghost . 
 he only took a minute to complete his inspection and report what he saw , which was conveniently presented in 3-d holographic images . 
 the area above the hole was a like a mini roman coliseum with large monoliths supporting three levels of stone ledges . 
 at the center of the dirt floor were three wooden stocks where heads and hands are placed to imprison someone while standing . 
 at the far end were stairs leading to a raised platform , and to no surprise , there was a throne on top laced with gold and red linen . 
 the throne was exactly like the one in my vision of tenochtitlan and most definitely belonged to ah chuy kak . 
 this place was his hideout and main feeding ground now that sunset park was destroyed . 
 i dismissed kyiel and looked around for a good place to make a pentagram . 
 holding my pocket coin in my hand , i said , `` unclass staff , '' causing my staff to appear . 
 i used the end of my staff to draw a pentagram on the dirt floor at the far side of the cave and crushed a blue magic coin under my foot saying , `` transmati domas . '' 
 when i opened my eyes , i was back in my manhattan apartment bedroom and the hairs on my neck relaxed , but the stench of death was still very much present inside my nostrils . 
 i exited my bedroom and saw thyzil taking inventory of five large aluminum locker style cases . 
 he had plenty of time to do what he loves doing -- getting ready to kick monster butt -- and was smiling ear to ear with his arms stretched out over the cases . 
 `` what do you think wizard ? 
 nice weapons , yes ? '' 
 i looked inside the cases , each neatly packed with everything a zeshtune warrior could possibly dream . 
 the first two cases were filled with a hundred silver laced grenades . 
 the third case had two hand gatling guns with dozens of magazines filled with hollow point silver bullets . 
 a fourth case was filled with wolfsbane , two red crystals , and pouches filled with silver fragments . 
 the last case had something different : two shotguns and a couple hundred shells filled with silver pellets . 
 oddly , there was also a nicely wrapped package with a ribbon and bow sitting on the coffee table . 
 thyzil bought an engagement ring for alura ? 
 nah , not his style . 
 thyzil 's more likely to think a new battle sword was an appropriate engagement gift for alura . 
 i looked at the cases again and said , `` we 're going to need bigger weapons . '' 
 thyzil narrowed his eyes . 
 `` bigger ? '' 
 he asked while scratching his head , then began laughing . 
 `` bigger ... i like how you think wizard . 
 we make bigger bombs , yes ? '' 
 i smiled and nodded in agreement . 
 `` thyzil , where 's alura ? '' 
 `` she 's walking your beast . 
 i wanted to go , but my princess told me people get nervous . 
 why she thinks this ? '' 
 he asked , looking at himself up and down wearing zeshtune battle garb . 
 `` perhaps it 's sword , yes ? ' 
 alura returned before i had the chance to explain the dos and do n’ts of public attire to thyzil . 
 not that explaining would do any good since the big guy was uncomfortable in anything other than metal breast plates . 
 `` i knew you were back , '' alura said . 
 `` sally turned around and dragged me all the way here barking . '' 
 sally pushed me to the floor and began her slobbering routine . 
 `` hey old girl , you missed me did n't you ? 
 good girl . '' 
 sally rolled over on her back for a belly rub . 
 i complied while thyzil asked alura if she would give him a belly rub later , to which she rolled her eyes , but also smiled . 
 thyzil laughed . 
 `` a warrior never knows unless he asks , yes wizard ? '' 
 i winked at thyzil in agreement . 
 `` so brother , was your trip eventful ? '' 
 i summoned kyiel and had him show alura and thyzil the 3-d holographic images of the cave and cavern . 
 among his many talents , not least was magical knowledge , was kyiel 's math skills . 
 he provided the exact dimensions of the cavern , throne , and number of seats . 
 math was never my strong suit , but i could always hold my own when needed . 
 kyiel was one of those natural gurus who could answer any math question with precision and without pause . 
 `` kyiel , in my vision of the mayan city of tenochtitlan , i cast a spell inside a room that covered everything with silver dust by using only a few pieces of silver . 
 the cavern at howe is much larger . 
 how much silver do i need to cover it ? '' 
 `` the half acre cavern will require one hundred pounds of silver to cover the walls , ceiling , and floor . 
 the two tunnels and opening in the ceiling would not be affected except for the most inner edges . '' 
 `` what would happen to the fur balls inside the cavern ? '' 
 `` silver dust burns a lycanthropes skin , eyes , lungs , and causes disorientation and possible death , just as you saw in your vision . 
 the spell you refer to will not necessarily destroy lycanthropes , but it will hurt them badly . 
 if a lycanthrope breathes in enough of the dust before it adheres to solid surfaces , it will destroy them . '' 
 i can see it now . 
 dozens of fur balls running around in circles rubbing their eyes as if shot with pepper spray . 
 `` such a spell may create just the distraction i need to take them out and catch ah chuy kak off guard , '' i said . 
 `` we 'll need someway to keep them from escaping through the tunnels and ceiling , '' alura said . 
 `` i will ask sarila to craft titanium nets coated with silver . 
 not even a tank can break through titanium . 
 lieutenant mack 's team can guard the exits just in case a few strays get loose . 
 once the lycanthropes are destroyed , we 'll use the two red inferno crystals to seal the cave permanently . '' 
 alura looked at me and grinned , again knowing what i was thinking . 
 `` these crystals do n't explode brother . 
 instead , they will fuse the entire cavern into solid hot rock . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` excellent . 
 looks like we have a plan . '' 
 `` plan good , these better , '' thyzil said while bending down and tapping one of the silver cases . 
 assuming things go well , having a pentagram placed above ah chuy kak 's throne still remains a problem . 
 the cavern ceiling is ragged with ancient drip stone making drawings with chalk or bees wax not an option . 
 this meant a pentagram would have to be made at ground level , hoisted up above the throne , and hung from dripstone . 
 as i thought about the problem , i remembered an old pirate movie where a lantern wheel was raised and lowered from a hook in a castle ceiling . 
 all i needed was a hook embedded in the cavern ceiling , some flexible pvc pipe , and a clamor spell to hide the pentagram . 
 `` alura , would you be able to shoot a hook and small pulley into the ceiling directly above the throne ? '' 
 alura smirked . 
 `` do fish swim in water ? '' 
 such a smarty pants , but then again , it was a dumb question . 
 alura could shoot a tick off the nose of a deer a mile away while blindfolded . 
 `` what kind of fish ? '' 
 i asked , just to be a smarty pants too . 
 alura arched her brow . 
 `` a shark ... what else ? '' 
 `` that 's what i thought you say . '' 
 alura snapped her teeth at me a couple of times to imitate a shark , then called sarila to have a 100 pounds of silver transported . 
 evidently , precious metals are readily available in the batcave vaults . 
 they also discussed the details necessary to build titanium silver coated nets using kyiel 's measurements . 
 `` hey , ask sarila is she can spare 50 feet of half inch pvc flex pipe and a 30 foot rope ladder , '' i said . 
 sarila heard this and alura smiled , then turned to me and said , `` she wants to know if you would like your shoes shined too . '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` no thanks . 
 i only need the piping and ladder , but will gladly take a rain check for the shoeshine . '' 
 alura put her phone away and informed thyzil and me the nets would be ready in a few hours . 
 the silver and piping would be transported after alura returned to keob . 
 to save time , alura decided to transport to keob from my bedroom . 
 as she stepped into the pentagram , she told thyzil and me to play nice while she was gone . 
 thyzil put his arm around my shoulders and squeezed me tight enough to take my breath away . 
 `` do n't worry princess . 
 we have much work to do , '' thyzil said , laughing while squeezing me tighter , which made alura also laugh . 
 after thyzil released me from his death grip , i broke a blue magic coin in half and tossed it into the pentagram . 
 `` transmati keob , '' i said and blue-white light filled the room as alura disappeared and a large stack of silver bars , two rolls of black pvc flex pipe , and a rope ladder appeared where she had stood . 
 `` wow , sarila is quite the efficient one , is n't she ? 
 come on thyzil , we 'll have to make two trips to howe with all this and the weapon cases , '' i said , then we stepped inside the pentagram . '' 
 better cover your nose . 
 the smell of death is overwhelming on the other side . '' 
 i broke another blue coin in half and said , `` transmati howe . '' 
 i had my nosed pinched with my fingers of one hand while changing my pocket coin into a staff that lit up the area . 
 thyzil looked around and took a deep breath . 
 `` i want to remember this place , '' he said and looked up at the hole in the ceiling . 
 `` i want to remember when heads of big doggies fall to ground . '' 
 `` you 'll get your chance soon enough thyzil . 
 the full moon tomorrow will bring those fur balls here to feed . 
 this time , however , instead of their feeding on innocents , we 're going to dust every last one of them . 
 and if things go as planned , you can take the first wolf head . '' 
 thyzil smiled . 
 `` you always know what to say wizard . '' 
 we returned to my apartment and transported the five weapon cases to the cave . 
 once there , i asked thyzil if he had any idea how we were going to get everything up through the cave hole . 
 he went over to a weapon case and took out a small crossbow , spool of wire , and several darts . 
 `` watch wizard . 
 zeshtune warriors can fly . '' 
 thyzil tied a wire to the end of his dart and shot it up through the hole into the cavern ceiling . 
 he then pushed a button on the crossbow which tightened the wire and pulled him effortlessly up through the hole . 
 once he reached the top , he swung his feet back and forth until he was able to land on the cavern floor , then snapped a few glow sticks for light and looked over the edge at me . 
 `` want to fly wizard ? '' 
 `` no thanks . 
 i 'm a wizard , not an acrobat . 
 i 'll use the rope ladder after we get the silver and pvc piping up to you . 
 can you rig up something to pull all this stuff up ? '' 
 thyzil shot another dart into the ceiling and then dropped the wire spool down to me . 
 the wire was flexible , like string , and did n't look as though it would hold much weight , however , it did pull thyzil up as though he was a bag of feathers . 
 i tied the wire to a handle on a weapon case for thyzil to haul up . 
 we repeated this until all but one of the weapon cases were hauled up to the cavern above and emptied , then thyzil lowered one case back to me . 
 i filled the case with the silver bars and he hauled it up too . 
 `` ready for ladder wizard ? '' 
 `` yup , send it down . '' 
 `` maybe you change mind and want to fly . '' 
 `` nope , i have n't changed my mind . 
 you can send the ladder down . '' 
 thyzil laughed . 
 `` as you wish wizard . '' 
 i grabbed a large bag of wolfsbane from the one weapon case left in the cave and started up the ladder . 
 wolfsbane would hide our scent and throw off the lycanthropes when they arrived for the full moon fur ball festival . 
 i was counting on the element of surprise which would not happen if they smelled our presence . 
 thyzil and i hid 15 silver bars with wolfsbane at each of the cavern corners to provide maximum damage . 
 i looked back and saw thyzil , always the big showoff , juggling several silver bars . 
 big deal ... well , actually it is a big deal , but i was n't going to let him know . 
 if i were to even hint that it was a big deal , he would only brag about his strength and there was too much work to do for that nonsense . 
 i placed the last three silver bars closer to the tunnel behind the throne to keep the fur balls inside once i cast the dust spell . 
 i also placed wolfsbane on top of the silver bars and covered it with dirt to hide everything . 
 hopefully , none of the fur balls would sense anything was out of place . 
 the spell i planned on using was the same one used in my vision of tenochtitlan . 
 in the vision , i turned a few pieces of silver into a swirling wind that coated the temple walls , ceiling , and floor with silver dust . 
 this magic was a cleansing spell that made the entire area inside the tenochtitlan temple wolf proof , and i was hoping it would work just as well here . 
 there was not enough time or silver to practice , so the spell would have to work the first time . 
 if it did n't , we 'd be fighting a lot of angry fur balls without having the advantage of pepper spraying them first with silver dust . 
 thyzil zipped back down the hole using his crossbow wire and hid a few weapons near the pentagram . 
 we had plenty in the cavern , but hiding a few down below as extras was a good precaution . 
 i stayed behind to discuss another idea with kyiel . 
 `` aptier kyiel , '' i said and my old pal appeared as usual . 
 `` kyiel , how have you been ? '' 
 `` i am as you last saw me azul . 
 how may i help you ? '' 
 no small talk with kyiel . 
 he always gets right to the point . 
 `` i have an idea . 
 remember how you did all that magic stuff in las vegas ? '' 
 `` not magic azul . 
 it was illusion and manipulation of the elements . '' 
 `` yea , that 's what i meant . 
 i was wondering if you would help me out here tomorrow night with another performance . '' 
 i discussed my idea with kyiel and he told me everything could be done quite easily , and for a second , i thought i saw a glimmer of excitement in his eyes . 
 maybe he enjoyed performing illusions , but that would mean he could feel emotion . 
 i looked again and his eyes were stone cold . 
 still , i swear i saw a spark of life in those bright blue eyes . 
 after dismissing kyiel , i used the rope ladder to rejoin thyzil in the cave below . 
 he finished covering the last spare weapons with a few rocks and then stood still staring at the corpses . 
 `` it 's been a busy day thyzil . 
 let 's go home , eat pizza , and have a few beers . 
 tomorrow night is going to be another crazy battle . '' 
 `` good idea wizard . 
 i could eat horse , but pizza and beer much better . '' 
 `` yup , pizza and beer are the best , '' i said and slapped thyzil on his back . 
 we stepped into the pentagram and transported back to my apartment where alura was waiting . 
 when thyzil and i entered the living area , we saw 10 pizza boxes and a tapped beer keg sitting in a barrel of ice . 
 our mouths dropped and eyes widened . 
 did we die and go to heaven ? 
 `` hi boys , '' she said , wearing a smile as if she won the lottery . 
 `` i thought you might be hungry and thirsty after a long day in those dark dirty caves . '' 
 thyzil and i stood still looking at all the pizza and keg of beer . 
 we were speechless . 
 `` are you two going to stand there and look like idiots all night , or are you going to help me eat and drink ? '' 
 `` oh man , you are an angel sister , a real angel . '' 
 thyzil walked slowly toward the beer as though he was in a trance . 
 `` i agree wizard ... a warrior princess angel . '' 
 after a few hot slices of pepperoni pizza and a couple mugs of cold draft beer , i noticed the neatly wrapped box was still on the coffee table . 
 it must be a world record having a gift within alura 's reach and her mustering up the will to not open it . 
 `` alura , are you ever going to open that box ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` it 's not for me you dork . 
 it 's for you from melony . '' 
 melony got me a gift ? 
 now that i think about it , thyzil could never wrap a box so perfectly . 
 i opened the box up under the watchful eyes of alura and thyzil , and then my eyes widened when i saw a silver bracelet with four brilliant runes embedded on the front . 
 `` wow , look at the craftsmanship , '' i said . 
 `` it 's beautiful . '' 
 `` it 's more than beautiful , '' alura said . 
 `` it a charm bracelet made by the sisters of galbria . 
 each rune has special powers to protect and heal when needed . 
 this bracelet , dear brother , is one of a kind and the first to be gifted by the white witches to anyone outside their coven . '' 
 `` one of a kind you say . '' 
 i looked on the backside of the bracelet which had an engraving . 
 it read : love always , melony . 
 `` what does it say ? '' 
 alura asked with a coyish grin . 
 i put the bracelet on my wrist . 
 `` never mind ms. ` none of your business ' . '' 
 i felt flush and alura and thyzil grinned , so my face must have been a little red . 
 if that was n't enough , alura began singing that annoying kids tune : `` daniel and melony , sitting in a tree . 
 k-i-s-s-i-n-g . 
 first comes love , then comes marriage , then comes baby in a baby carriage . '' 
 give me a break . 
 chapter 30 annoyed by alura 's silly rhyme , i threw my pizza crust at her and she caught it in her teeth , and then proceeded to eat it . 
 good reflexes . 
 thyzil asked what a baby carriage was , which caused alura to almost choke on the pizza crust . 
 serves you right smarty pants . 
 she did n't respond , but i nearly bust my gut laughing . 
 the remainder of the evening went by in a relaxing way . 
 empty pizza boxes littered the floor and sally was sleeping next to the fireplace with a full belly of her own . 
 it was good to be home . 
 alura told me that sarila sent lieutenant mack and his team to maintain surveillance at howe . 
 good idea , do n't want fur balls sneaking in on us . 
 sarila also sent the three titanium nets to howe . 
 once all the lycanthropes were inside the cavern , mack would seal it up tight -- with us inside . 
 if things went bad , we 'd be trapped and thinking what a terrible idea it was to seal the exits . 
 but then again , this was an opportunity to dust some big shot vip fur balls , and hopefully and banish their boss -- totally worth the risk . 
 we reviewed our battle plan and alura then headed to her apartment with thyzil to get some rest . 
 every muscle in my body was aching . 
 i was aching in places where i did n't know muscles even existed . 
 hauling silver bars and climbing rope ladders was not easy work for a couch potato like me . 
 what i need is to learn a levitation spell for the next time lifting more than the weight of my staff was required , and my staff is nearly weightless . 
 exhausted , i fell onto my bed and began a nightly routine of trying to clear my mind , which is not the easiest thing to do when considering the upcoming battle . 
 if our plan worked , we might actually survive the day . 
 it has to work . 
 ah chuy kak must be banished even if it takes my last breathe to send the grand fur ball to the dark void . 
 none of this second guessing was a recipe for a good night rest , so i tried to stay positive . 
 i finally fell asleep , but it seemed as if it was a short night when my alarm went off . 
 no annoying rooster this time . 
 instead , the entire wall of my bedroom became a rainforest , complete with a cascading waterfall . 
 i walked over to the wall and felt a breeze and mist from the waterfall . 
 i knew the image was a hologram , but it seemed real enough to walk into . 
 i touched the wall with my finger and a ring of light formed spreading out like ripples on water , then the rainforest slowly disappeared . 
 whoever constructed this alarm system , most likely me , did so with a strange sense or humor , or just screwed up the design entirely . 
 on a positive note , my aches and pains were gone . 
 sally looked up with her bright eyes and thumped her tail on the floor when i entered the living area . 
 alura and thyzil had already let themselves in , so more eggs and bacon went into my flying pan to ensure sally and i got our fair share . 
 actually , a lot more eggs and bacon went into four frying pans in anticipation of the hardy appetites of my breakfast companions . 
 `` do you two have a food detector hidden in my apartment ? '' 
 i asked . 
 thyzil tapped his nose while taking a deep breath and said , `` here wizard . 
 good detector , yes ? '' 
 `` less talk cook , more food , '' alura said as she sat at the kitchen table . 
 `` do n't forget the coffee dear brother . '' 
 `` sure , why not . 
 it 's not like i have anything better to do , such as banishing an ancient mayan overlord . '' 
 alura and thyzil held up their empty cups . 
 `` blah , blah , blah ... always thinking of yourself , '' alura said . 
 `` alright brother , i 'll help you and get my own coffee . '' 
 after breakfast was over , alura opened her duffle bag and began loading up with all her usual arsenal . 
 thyzil took his claymore out of a golf bag that had a golf sock over the sword 's hilt . 
 i laughed . 
 `` a golf bag ... really thyzil ? '' 
 `` your baby sister says i need to fit in . 
 look like other city people . '' 
 alura frowned and shook her head . 
 `` he needs some more work with this image thing . '' 
 thyzil could try until the cows come home to look normal and fit in , but it 's just not going to happen . 
 i doubt anyone in manhattan would even notice the claymore strapped on his back , but i bet he got a lot of looks at that golf bag . 
 i mean , who carries a golf bag in manhattan ? 
 i 'll try to help him with the ` fitting in ' thing later , assuming we live through the night and there is a later . 
 alura tossed a small lipstick style container to me and another to thyzil and said , `` rub some of this under your nose to help with the smell in the cave . '' 
 i opened up the container and held it up to my nose , but smelled nothing . 
 it looked like bees wax . 
 i rubbed some of the ointment under my nose as alura instructed and hardly notice it was there . 
 if it works , great . 
 any help would be welcomed to reduce the smell of dead bodies . 
 alura and thyzil also rubbed the ointment under their noses . 
 `` sally , take care of our home , '' i said and she woofed and rubbed her head against my leg . 
 each of us took turns patting sally 's head and said goodbye . 
 i frowned thinking this might be the last goodbye i say to sally and looked back at her hoping it was n't . 
 she sensed something was n't right and put her head down on her paws and whimpered . 
 we stepped into my bedroom pentagram . 
 i held my staff above the center of the pentagram and said , `` ready to enter the belly of the beast ? '' 
 thyzil grimaced . 
 `` ready to split beast belly with sword . '' 
 i closed my eyes and crushed a blue magic coin under my foot . 
 `` transmati howe , '' i said , causing blue-white light to pour up from the pentagram and transport us to the cave . 
 the ointment alura gave me worked . 
 i could n't smell anything , which helped me to keep my breakfast inside my stomach and focus . 
 thyzil and alura wasted no time uncovering the weapon cases and making a final inspection . 
 sure seemed like a lot of weapons to me , but alura and thyzil are the weapons experts and they always preferred more than less . 
 alura placed all the grenades on the cave floor in neat rows of five secured to straps . 
 she put a wire through the grenade pins with a leather pull loop to set each strap off simultaneously if needed . 
 she also stuffed silver daggers in her boots , under her wrist sleeves , and under her pants belt . 
 `` alura , wo n't all those grenades put us in jeopardy when they go off ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no , the silver fragments will not penetrate anything but lycanthrope skin . 
 if fragments hit you , it might feel like a hornet nest fell on you , but it wo n't break your skin . 
 placing these belts at different areas of the cavern will allow me to swing out five grenades each time to cause maximum damage . '' 
 `` sure are a lot of grenades . '' 
 alura grinned . 
 `` the more the merrier . 
 besides , who 's counting , except you ? '' 
 `` you 're the expert grenade handler , so who am i to question . '' 
 `` darn straight wizard boy , and do n't you forget it , '' she said , then winked at me as she started reloading the weapon cases . 
 thyzil loaded up on gatling gun wheel magazines and was smiling ear-to-ear like a cat with a mouse in its mouth . 
 he tucked the two inferno crystals under his belt and went up the rope ladder leading to the cavern while alura tied the case handles with a rope . 
 thyzil then pulled up all the cases effortlessly and began emptying their contents . 
 `` heads up brother , '' alura said , then tossed a couple bags of silver fragments to me . 
 `` hang on to those . 
 they may come in handy if we find ourselves in a jam . '' 
 i stuffed the bags into my coat pockets and followed alura up the rope ladder . 
 thyzil had already snapped several glow sticks to light up the cavern so i could begin constructing a pentagram from the pvc pipe . 
 i decided a having a ten foot diameter pentagram would suffice , provided that ah chuy kak is sitting in his throne . 
 after all , there is no need to have a throne unless he plans on putting his furry butt on it . 
 a larger pentagram would make it difficult for me to touch the wizard star on a dodging mayan overlord . 
 a smaller pentagram might miss the fur ball altogether and risk having ah chuy kak escape again . 
 this reminded me of goldilocks and the three bears -- everything had to be just right . 
 sure , the bear story was about beds , but the concept is the same . 
 the slightest error in constructing the pentagram could ruin everything , not to mention increasing the likelihood of being torn apart by a bunch of fur balls . 
 i first made a circle joining the pvc pipe ends together with pipe cement . 
 then i cut six straight sections of the pipe to form two triangles . 
 i placed the triangles into the circle and tied them off with zip locks to form a pentagram . 
 it was n't very sturdy , but it did n't need to be . 
 pentagrams only directed magical energy once a spell is cast -- it could be made with toothpicks and still work . 
 hopefully , ah chuy kak would soon be inside my trap while he watched all his groupie fur balls get dusted . 
 the thought of waiting another 25,000 years to dust the flea bag was disturbing to say the least . 
 we had to trap and banish ah chuy kak tonight , period . 
 alura finished placing grenade belts around the cavern with wolfsbane to hide any scent of gun powder . 
 once done , she came over to inspect my plastic pentagram . 
 `` ready to lift this work of art above the throne , '' she asked . 
 `` yup , let 's get it done . '' 
 alura tied the end of a wire spool to the center of the pentagram and we held it up over the throne . 
 the neat thing about pvc pipe is that it does n't weigh much and is easy to balance . 
 with one hand holding the pentagram and the other a crossbow , alura shot a dart dead center into the cavern ceiling over ah chuy kak 's throne . 
 `` not bad , and with your first shot . '' 
 i said . 
 alura grinned . 
 `` as always brother , '' she said . 
 `` it looks like the dart set well and will hold your pentagram . '' 
 after hoisting the pentagram up 30 feet to hide it among the dripstone formations , i took a white magic coin from my wizard bag and snapped it in half . 
 the two halves sparkled and turned into powder in my palm . 
 i then raised my hand and blew the powder up toward the pentagram and said , `` ecasenah , '' causing the pvc pipe to fade and disappear . 
 bees wax aerosol spray made a perfect second pentagram around the throne . 
 once the bees wax dried , it too could not be seen . 
 `` okay , the trap is set . 
 now we cross our fingers , wait until the party begins , and hope everything goes according to plan . '' 
 thyzil finished hiding weapons and wolfsbane in various nooks and crannies of the cavern and then joined alura and me at the rope ladder . 
 i noticed our footprints were everywhere on the dirt floor -- a small detail left out of our battle plans -- so i summoned kyiel and asked if he had any idea how to make the footprints disappear . 
 `` this is a simple spell azul that requires no magic coin , '' kyiel said . 
 `` all you need to do is call up your internal magic , speak the work windstar , and what you wish erased will be made so . 
 first , find a spot where you will not make more footprints . '' 
 sound simple enough . 
 i found an out of the way spot near the hole leading to the cave below . 
 we stacked the emptied weapon cases next to large rocks and i cast another clamor spell making them invisible . 
 we could see from behind them , but the other side looked like rocks and blended in with the cavern wall . 
 i then pointed my staff toward the cavern floor and said , `` windstar , '' creating a light breeze that turned into a gust and swirled the dirt around on the cavern floor . 
 when the wind subsided , our footprints were gone and the wolf footprints remained . 
 `` okay guys , nothing left to do now but wait for the fun to begin , '' i said . 
 `` make yourself comfortable and get some rest . 
 it 's going to be a long night . '' 
 `` should i take my leave azul ? '' 
 kyiel asked . 
 `` you might as well hang around and keep an eye on things . 
 let us know if anything unnatural moves . '' 
 `` about kyiel ... exactly what is his role in all this ? '' 
 alura asked . 
 i sat down leaning my back against the wall and tilted my hat over my eyes . 
 `` it 's a surprise . 
 do n't do anything until after kyiel finishes his magic show . '' 
 it did n't take long , maybe a couple of hours , when kyiel appeared as instructed and announced he detected movement in the tunnel behind the throne . 
 a few minutes later , several men wheeled a wagon into the center of the cavern . 
 i wiped the ointment off from under my nose and smelt wolf . 
 they were lycanthropes , not men . 
 the wagon had portable flood lamps attached to telescopic stands . 
 large batteries were taken off the wagon and placed at each corner of the cavern . 
 the flood lamps came off next and the first one was hooked up to a battery only a few feet away from our weapon cases . 
 i held my breath while one lycanthrope lifted his head up and sniffed . 
 could he smell us ? 
 wolfsbane was all around where we were hiding to hide our scent . 
 the fur ball made a quick inspection turning his head back and forth , then went about his business placing flood lamps at other areas . 
 wolfsbane ... do n't leave home without it ... at least not on a full moon . 
 several minutes later , a bunch of well dressed lycanthropes entered and took seats on the benches carved into the cavern walls . 
 things were taking on a real carnival atmosphere , missing only vendors selling balloons , soft drinks , and cotton candy . 
 two large lycanthropes dressed in tradition mayan garb placed drums on each side of the throne and began banging a beat . 
 then there was a sight i did not expect , not in the twenty-first century . 
 two fur balls walked out into the center of the cavern floor , faced each other , and turned into their natural ugly selves . 
 they were large , seven or eight feet tall , and growled loud enough to nearly drown out the sound of the beating drums . 
 so , this is a lycanthrope 's version of a night out on the town . 
 their own members only fur ball fight club . 
 the two lycanthropes circled each other with their long black claws scratching at the air . 
 snarls and teeth gnashed as they drew closer to each other and began landing bloody blows . 
 some of the seated fur balls began changing and howled while the light of the full moon shined down through a ceiling hole at the top of the cavern . 
 i 'll say one thing for the smelly wolfs . 
 they can take a beating and keep on fighting like there was no tomorrow . 
 the two drummers began to slow down their beat and then stopped . 
 another fur ball came out from behind the throne , also dressed in traditional mayan garb , and blew an ear piercing note from a long horn . 
 the two fighting lycanthropes backed off from each other and limped slowly away . 
 another wagon that looked like it belonged to a circus was rolled in . 
 this wagon had bars on it , like a jail , and three people were inside . 
 they were showing signs of transforming into wolves and it reminded me of the old lady in the cabin at moon 's arena . 
 still human enough to recognize what was happening , they kept screaming in terror , which excited the fur ball audience . 
 three lycanthropes pulled the infected prisoners out and placed their heads and arms into the stocks , like those used at the salem witch trials . 
 all three prisoners were young and one was a women . 
 the lycanthropes then walked over and stood next to their cheering audience . 
 another horn sounded , this time three blasts in succession , and everything went completely silent . 
 a gust of wind rushed from the tunnel behind the throne and a large eagle flew in circling the cavern several times to loud cheers and howls . 
 the eagle swooped down in front of the three prisoners and changed into ah chuy kak . 
 the grand fur ball stretched his slimy body into the air with arms raised high . 
 then he made a nightmarish scream that silenced all his cheering groupies . 
 strands of misty light began to leave the prisoners and enter ah chuy kak 's mouth . 
 he was sucking what was left of their life out of them . 
 in a few seconds , the prisoner bodies shrank and shriveled up . 
 their eyes and mouths remained wide open showing the horror they had experienced , just like those at sunset park and in the cave below . 
 there was nothing we could do . 
 they were still part human and zeshtune law prohibited harming humans , even for mercy killings . 
 any harm against a human , even if only part human , carries serious consequences . 
 the zeshtune elders would not accept an emotional defense . 
 i grimaced and alura looked furious with tears running down her face . 
 thyzil gritted his teeth and tightened his grip on the large claymore hilt he carried . 
 ah chuy kak changed back into an eagle and flew to his throne where he transformed back to his hideous self . 
 his audience howled and cheered as one well dressed fur ball approached the center and faced him . 
 it was senator kendrisol , and this time he was campaigning to be named alpha . 
 he spoke to his master in ancient mayan . 
 `` great one , your children are here to honor you once again in celebration of the new moon . 
 we ask that you name a alpha this night to bring order once again to the packs who serve your pleasure . 
 lupzarro and moon are no more and i am next in line to be your first servant , should you find me worthy to receive such an honor . '' 
 politicians ... i 'm not sure what 's worse , the fur balls or our elected officials . 
 while kendrisol continued his sucking up routine , i focused on building up my internal magic to cast the impenetrable barrier around ah chuy kak 's throne . 
 magic surged inside me and it required all my effort to hold it back . 
 while still invisible , i opened my eyes , raised my staff pointing it at ah chuy kak , and shouted , `` cellvarim . '' 
 the spell worked . 
 blue-white light rushed from the pentagram around the throne up to the one hanging above and trapped ah chuy kak inside . 
 the fur ball jumped off his throne and slammed into the barrier which made a loud crack sound while pushing him back . 
 he tried again and again , and each time was pushed back by the barrier . 
 ah chuy kak then stood still looking around his magical prison and let out a terrifying scream . 
 kyiel appeared in front of the lycanthrope audience who had now all changed into their natural selves , including senator kendrisol . 
 kyiel held out his hands and palms up with fire blazing out ten feet high , which stopped kendrisol from advancing toward him . 
 then , five alura and five thyzil holograms appeared at different areas of the cavern , each with swords drawn and swooshing in the air as they stared down the snarling lycanthropes . 
 the real alura smiled . 
 `` nice diversion brother . '' 
 thyzil also smiled and said , `` i look good out there , yes ? 
 five thyzils better than one . '' 
 i had built up more internal magic and was ready to cast a silver dust spell . 
 i raised my staff and shouted , `` clotasia soot , '' causing a stream of white-silver light to disperse from where we hid the silver bars and race up the walls to the ceiling , as well as cover the dirt floor . 
 silver strands of light also stretched out into the air across the cavern . 
 ah chuy kak pointed at the hologram warriors and screamed , `` kill them . '' 
 the lycanthropes started chasing ten holograms that continued somersaulting and dodging in all directions . 
 a few lycanthropes crossed paths with the silver streaks of light and were cut into halves that burst into fiery ash . 
 once the fur balls cornered the fake aluras and thyzils , they attempted to tackled them , but to their surprise went right through the holograms and tumbled across the dirt floor . 
 all the fur balls were stunned and went silent . 
 `` it 's the wizard . 
 he is here . 
 find him , kill him , '' ah chuy kak shouted . 
 it 's too late you slimy freak . 
 i shouted the word , `` ecasenah , '' which created a vacuum and expansion of air that pushed silver dust all over the floor , walls , ceilings , and of course , the angry fur balls . 
 the dust stopped them in their tracks while they howled , coughed , and rubbed their eyes . 
 some fell to the ground gasping for air three loud explosions went off and i saw the hole in the cavern ceiling sealed off with a titanium net . 
 lieutenant mack also sealed off the other two access points . 
 no way out now . 
 kill or be killed . 
 i looked at alura and thyzil and grinned . 
 `` your turn , '' i said . 
 the silver dust made the fur balls perfect targets for the real alura and thyzil who sprang into action . 
 alura ran forward jumping from the top of a rock and somersaulting into to several rolls . 
 she bounced off one lycanthrope to the next all the while slicing them with her two silver swords . 
 by the time she landed on the ground , more than 10 fur ball were burning piles of ash . 
 thyzil ran into the battle with a gatling gun in each hand shooting bullets filled with liquid silver into anything with long teeth and furry faces . 
 lycanthropes dropped to the cavern floor howling in pain as they also burned into piles of red hot ashes . 
 not to be left out of all the fun , i ran into the battle swirling my staff shouting , `` raza zitum , '' sending blue-white saw discs out like frisbees with razors . 
 one fur ball jumped in front of me as i ran toward ah chuy kak . 
 my reflexes caused me to point my staff forward which struck the fur ball turning it into flames . 
 another two came from each side as i turned in a circle repeating the words raza zitum , sending out more magic discs -- they were like hot knifes cutting through fur ball butter . 
 the discs entered and exited them repeatedly until they fell to the ground in flames . 
 ah chuy kak kept screaming , `` kill them , kill them , kill them , '' while banging on the barrier with his fist . 
 i looked up and pointed my staff at him . 
 `` be patient ugly , i 'm coming for you next , '' i said , causing ah chuy kak to pause and stare me down , to which i grinned and nodded . 
 `` that 's right , your time on earth is up , and this time there 's no escape . '' 
 ah chuy kak continued staring showing pure hatred and contempt . 
 `` kill them , kill them , kill them , `` he shouted again as he banged his fist against the barrier . 
 the great mayan overlord was acting like a toddler having a tantrum -- not so tough now . 
 alura jumped up in the air and spun like a deadly top as her swords glowed blue-white and swooshed through the air . 
 at least eight fur bars were taken down before she landed and rolled picking up two grenade belts that were covered under dirt . 
 she swung the belt around her head and released them pulling the pins free . 
 when the grenades exploded , several nearby fur balls lost their heads -- i mean they literally lost their heads . 
 their bodies fell to the ground and burned while other fur balls lost arms and legs that also burned into ashes . 
 chapter 31 thyzil used up all his gatling gun magazines and was now shooting a shotgun in one hand and swinging his claymore in the other as only he could . 
 lycanthrope heads , arms , hands , and even legs flew into the air in all directions creating trails of smoke and fire . 
 `` want to play doggies ? 
 come , we play more , '' he said and roared in laughter . 
 you would think after seeing a few dozen lycanthropes get chopped into fiery body parts , the fur balls might back away from thyzil . 
 i guess they are less intelligent when in their furry state because more rushed thyzil and their body parts also were sent burning through the air . 
 alura threw more grenade belts that pierced lycanthropes with precise explosions . 
 a fragment from the grenade hit my hand and it burned like hell , but did n't pierce my skin . 
 alura 's daggers were flying in all directions hitting fur ball after fur ball , mostly dead center in their heads . 
 when the daggers were gone , she pulled out both desert eagles and began shooting with her usually accuracy while running , jumping , and somersaulting . 
 i finally got closer to ah chuy kak while some of his groupie fur balls were trying to free him from my trap . 
 they were clawing at the barrier in a ferocious but futile attempt while their mayan overlord continued banging his body into the barrier with greater velocity . 
 ah chuy kak kept screaming , `` kill them ... kill ... kill ... them ... '' he sounded desperate now and realized he might not escape this time . 
 the fur balls tying to free ah chuy kak saw me coming and faced to battle me . 
 i did n't get a chance to accommodate them because alura and thyzil ran past me and cut their heads off . 
 ah chuy kak stood still glaring at us with his eyes wide open , no longer showing arrogant confidence . 
 instead , the mighty fur ball had fear in his eyes . 
 for millenniums the darkzon overlord walked this world infecting and murdering innocent humans without answering to anyone . 
 he had escaped me 25,000 years ago in the mayan city of tenochtitlan , and according to yochi , it was n't the first time . 
 it was different now . 
 the fur ball was trapped like a wild animal and he knew it . 
 i looked over to thyzil and saw blood running down his arm . 
 it did n't seem to bother him in the least . 
 `` what happened to you ? '' 
 thyzil looked at his arm . 
 `` this ... it is nothing . 
 doggy bit me . '' 
 `` you 're not going to grow pointy ears are you ? ' 
 alura laughed . 
 `` azul , you know that zeshtunians ca n't be turned . 
 we are immune to a lycanthrope bite . '' 
 thyzil rubbed his ears . 
 `` pointy ears maybe good look on me , yes ? '' 
 `` no , it would not look good thyzil , not at all , '' alura said , laughing and shaking her head in disagreement . 
 `` perhaps you are right princess . 
 i am plenty good looking now , '' he said and winked at me , causing alura to smirk and stick her tongue out at him . 
 i turned my attention back to ah chuy kak and looked at the top pentagram , which surpassingly was undamaged . 
 if i penetrate the barrier with my staff , it will disappear and ah chuy kak would likely escape . 
 i had to make his prison more compact , but knew of no magic word or spell that could help me . 
 i raised my staff up pointing it to the top pentagram , closed my eyes , and focused on lowering it . 
 a light began to take shape in my mind and words of many tongues rushed by until one word stood alone . 
 i opened my eyes and said , `` levitsum , '' causing the wire holding the top pentagram to snap . 
 i then moved my staff slowly down and the pentagram followed as ah chuy kak watched in fear . 
 the ceiling of his prison was closing in as he feverously slammed against the barrier and watched the pentagram get closer . 
 a few moments later , ah chuy kak curled into a ball as the barrier encased him completely leaving no room to move . 
 `` you can not kill me wizard . 
 if my body is destroyed , i 'll take another , '' ah chuy kak said . 
 `` you can not kill me , '' he repeated with hatred , and in a sign of renewed confidence , he growled . 
 i pointed my staff a few inches from the barrier that was covering the wizard star on ah chuy kak 's forehead . 
 the star began to glow white hot and ah chuy kak screamed in pain , once again appearing vulnerable . 
 `` i 'm not going to kill you ah chuy kak . 
 i 'm going to send you back to oblivion , '' i said and pushed my staff forward toward the wizard star . 
 a loud clap of thunder unexpectedly sounded when my staff touched the barrier . 
 the next thing i knew , i was lying on my back 30 feet away looking up at the cavern ceiling . 
 i was barely conscience . 
 when i lifted my head up , i saw ah chuy kak stretching his arms and head as he howled , and then he glared at me . 
 `` see wizard , i told you so . 
 you can not kill me , but i can kill you , '' he said , forming a grin so wide it nearly engulfed his twisted face . 
 what the heck just happened ? 
 i felt like i stuck a screw driver into an electrical socket . 
 the bigger shock though was that fur ball somehow freed himself from my trap and zapped me across the cavern floor . 
 ah chuy kak pulled the necklace off his neck and tossed it to the floor . 
 the center stone of the necklace , which moments ago was an amber color , was now blackened and shot sparks and small trails of smoke into the air . 
 it 's not a stone . 
 must be a technological gadget , some sort of a darkzon magic repellent . 
 if it were magic , like my amulet stones , i would have sensed it . 
 sensing technology is not a talent i possess , at least no more so than anyone who is or is not a wizard . 
 i stumbled to my feet as ah chuy kak transformed into something that is difficult to describe . 
 he tripled in height , grew a lobster like claw out of one arm and a long octopus tentacle out of his other arm . 
 a long beak with a double row of three inch teeth grew out from his face and a serpent tongue stretched out of his mouth wagging like a dog 's tail . 
 it was like watching a genetic disaster come to life in a cheap science fiction movie . 
 alura saw what happened and threw a half dozen or more silver daggers into ah chuy kak , but they had no effect . 
 the fur ball casually glanced at her and grinned while the daggers popped out of his body and fell to the ground . 
 alura then unloaded her silver filled magnum bullets into ah chuy kak which made ripples in his skin like when a stone hits water , but did n't cause any damage . 
 at the same time , thyzil began his attack from the other direction and swung his claymore clean through the fur ball 's octopus arm . 
 the severed arm fell to the ground and began flopping like a fish out of water , causing ah chuy kak to roar in pain . 
 i actually thought for a moment that we might have the upper hand -- no pun intended -- but another octopus arm grew back in seconds . 
 the darkzon overlord was once again his ugly whole self and ready for a fight . 
 the daze i felt had cleared up , except for a headache and few muscle spasms , and my shoes were no longer on my feet . 
 what in the heck ... where 's my shoes ? 
 i then saw my shoes exactly where i was standing when trying to touch the wizard star on ah chuy kak 's forehead . 
 i also noticed that my socks were smoking a little , which oddly almost made me laugh . 
 i looked back at ah chuy kak and shrugged . 
 `` is that all you got ? 
 you know , i 'm not really sure what to call you now . 
 honestly , that entire lobster-octopus-beak look is confusing , not to mention really gaudy . '' 
 i picked up my staff and swirled it around my head , then said , `` no matter , because in a few minutes you 'll look like fried calamari . '' 
 the last breathing lycanthrope , who was standing next to ah chuy kak , poised itself ready to defend its master . 
 ah chuy kak grabbed the lycanthrope with his claw and tossed the yelping beast at me , as if it was a sack of potatoes . 
 no loyalty whatsoever from the upper fur ball echelon . 
 i shouted , `` aknor stellara , '' and a bolt of lightning split the airborne lycanthrope in half and also pierced through ah chuy kak 's leg . 
 i then shouted , `` raza zitum , '' and swirls of blue-white light shot forth magical saw bands from my staff that tore through ah chuy kak 's body . 
 it was an amazing sight . 
 chunks of ah chuy kak fell to the floor as he screamed in agony . 
 as much fun as it was to watch the creep suffer , each body part grew back almost instantly , and that was much less fun to watch . 
 my saw bands kept working though , and each time a body part was regenerated , the bands chopped it off again . 
 at first , alura looked confused at all the regeneration , but then she laugh a little as though watching a road runner cartoon where the coyote often gets run over by a truck , or endures other painful events . 
 thyzil was n't amused by the situation and wasted no time throwing his claymore at ah chuy kak . 
 bullseye -- the blade entered one side of ah chuy kak 's head and stuck out the other side . 
 the fur ball became silent as his eyes bulged to twice their normal size , then he slumped to his knees . 
 my saw bands finished taking his legs and head off causing what was left of him to fall into the dirt . 
 there was no regeneration this time . 
 ah chuy kak appeared defeated . 
 my magical saw bands circled his body a few more times , and with nothing more to slice and dice , they flickered and disappeared . 
 that was too easy . 
 ah chuy kak is a darkzon overload , who supposedly is unable to be killed . 
 the best one could hope for was banishment into the dark void , but there he was , all pieced out like a daily special in a meat butcher 's shop window . 
 `` nice shot thyzil , '' alura said . 
 thyzil smiled . 
 `` of course princess , what else could it be from a warrior ? '' 
 he said with pride , then put his foot on ah chuy kak 's head to pull his claymore out . 
 `` careful thyzil , '' i said . 
 `` this thing is a darkzon overlord , and as far as i know , it ca n't be killed . '' 
 `` azul 's right thyzil , '' alura said . 
 `` be careful . '' 
 thyzil slowly pulled his sword out of ah chuy kak 's head and i pointed my staff ready for the unexpected . 
 nothing happened at first , but a few moments later , ah chuy kak 's chopped off head gasped and transformed into an eagle that began flying around looking for an exit . 
 his other body parts were obviously no longer needed and turned into gooey piles of green puss . 
 that 's more like it . 
 i pointed my staff at ah chuy kak and missed several times trying to hit him with lightning bolts , but got him on the fourth try . 
 he fell to the cavern floor and transformed back into his true form . 
 ah chuy kak tried unsuccessfully to push himself up off the floor , then he glared at me while on his hands and knees . 
 `` you can not kill me wizard ... can not , '' he said , but this time he was n't grinning and he looked weak and in pain . 
 `` gotcha now fur ball , '' i said and threw my staff like a javelin , and it slammed into ah chuy kak 's wizards star . 
 ah chuy kak lit up as bright as the sun . 
 he screamed one last time in horrible agony , and in a brilliant flash of light , the darkzon overlord was banished into the dark void . 
 i looked at alura thinking a compliment was coming , but she just dusted off the dirt from her pants . 
 `` what , no ` nice shot ' or ` that a boy ' ? '' 
 alura smirked . 
 `` okay , nice shot , '' she said , arching her eyebrow and folding her arms across her chest . 
 she was n't very sincere in responding to my solicited compliment , but hey , i 'll take even the slightest praise at this point . 
 i picked up ah chuy kak 's charred necklace and examined it more closely . 
 only a burnt out stone set in a gold plate remained . 
 no wires , crystals , or anything electronic were present , and only a faint sign existed that a stone was ever set inside the necklace plate . 
 i put the necklace in my pocket to bring back to keob for further examination . 
 perhaps sarila or yochi may be able to figure out how it worked so effectively against my magic . 
 ca n't have darkzon magic repellent being used against us , so sarila was my best shot at figuring out how to neutralize it . 
 the one flood light that survived the battle popped sending sparks into the air and the cavern went dark . 
 i heard snapping noises and saw alura and thyzil tossing glow sticks around on the cavern floor to provide light . 
 as we looked around to check for anything alive besides us , we saw piles of smoking ashes , but nothing was moving . 
 `` well , that sure went better than i thought it might , '' i said and let out an exhausted breath . 
 thyzil smiled in agreement . 
 `` yes , today was good day , '' he said and alura raised her eyebrows and smirked . 
 `` what princess ? 
 it was good day , yes ? '' 
 we all started to laugh and moved to the center of the cavern when where lieutenant mack and his men were shinning lights through the ceiling hole . 
 `` you people alright down there ? '' 
 mack asked . 
 `` yea , we 're good , '' i responded , glad to see the lieutenant again . 
 `` how are you getting out of there ? 
 do you need our help ? '' 
 `` nope , we 're good , '' i said . 
 `` we 're going to make our own exit . 
 hey lieutenant , thanks for all your help . '' 
 mack smiled . 
 `` always a pleasure mr. zane . '' 
 `` you know wizard , we have many weapons not used , '' thyzil said . 
 `` i was looking forward to using shotguns . '' 
 `` maybe next time thyzil , but you did dust a lot of fur balls with you claymore and gatling guns . '' 
 thyzil smiled . 
 `` yes , i did kill many doggies today . 
 maybe shotguns next time , like you say , '' he said , then got the crystals he hid and held one in each hand . 
 `` here we go again wizard , '' he said . 
 `` how long this time ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` plenty of time ... 10 minutes . '' 
 same as last time . 
 `` is that really 10 minutes , or about 10 minutes ? '' 
 thyzil shrugged and placed the two crystals on the cavern floor , then pushed them together . 
 the crystals started to glow and hum in the same way the other crystals did when destroying moon 's office building . 
 `` time to go , '' thyzil said . 
 we used the rope ladder to descend to the cave below and saw something moving . 
 it was a badly wounded lycanthrope crawling toward the titanium net covering the cave 's exit . 
 as we got closer , we saw it was senator kendrisol . 
 the sleazy fur ball left the battle to save its own skin -- big surprise . 
 `` hey kendrisol , going somewhere ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the senator rolled over on his back and looked up at me . 
 he was wounded more that i thought . 
 half his face was missing and blood was pouring out from his chest . 
 `` let me go wizard , '' he pleaded . 
 `` i am a powerful senator and businessman . 
 i can help you live a life without wanting anything . '' 
 `` you do n't look well kendrisol , '' i said . 
 `` i do n't think you 're going to be able to deliver on any more promises , not that you ever did . '' 
 i took the two bags of silver fragments alura gave me before the battle began and held them over the soon to be departed senator . 
 `` even so kendrisol , let me help you out with a final donation for your campaign to nowhere , '' i said , then poured the silver onto him as he let out one last long scream before bursting into flames . 
 `` say hello to your boss ah chuy kak . '' 
 `` good doggie ... stay , '' thyzil said . 
 i held out my staff and tapped the titanium net causing it to turn white hot and melt to the ground . 
 we exited the cave and began walking to a safe distance before the crystals cleaned things up . 
 we did n't get far before several military vehicles approached and stopped with their headlights pointed at us . 
 it was lieutenant mack . 
 `` i 'm glad to see you all made it out in one piece . 
 do you need a ride back to the city ? '' 
 mack asked . 
 `` no thanks lieutenant . 
 we have our own way home , '' i said . 
 `` alright sir , you all have a safe trip , '' mack said and saluted us , then drove off with the other vehicles including the rental car i left in town . 
 bright red lights began to emit from the cave exit and hole in the cavern ceiling . 
 the light grew more intense , causing us to hold our hands over our eyes while we peeked through open fingers . 
 the cave and cavern were melting fast into molten rock . 
 i heard a noise from behind us and turned quickly pointing my staff while alura and thyzil drew their swords ready to strike . 
 the light from my staff stone showed a man walking toward us , and as he got closer , i saw it was henry twyer accompanied by three wolfs that were walking on all fours . 
 henry stopped ten feet in front of us and the wolves , appearing to be friendly , calmly sat at his side . 
 `` it is over , '' henry said . 
 `` we owe you and your friends a debt of gratitude daniel . 
 our pack will never forget what you have done for us . '' 
 i lowered my staff and alura and thyzil lowered their swords . 
 `` no problem , it was nothing really , '' i said , causing alura and thyzil to arched their eyebrows , then they looked at each other and grinned . 
 the three wolves slowly walked over to us wagging their tails and dropped something from their mouths at our feet , then darted back to henry 's side . 
 we each bent down and picked up what was finely crafted leather bracelets . 
 `` what are these for ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` outsiders are not normally welcomed into our pack , '' henry said . 
 `` there are exceptions , and in those rare cases , our custom requires a pack member to give a gift to the outsider as an invitation . '' 
 henry began to pat one of the wolf 's head . 
 `` this is felicia , my youngest daughter . 
 she and her two brothers made the bracelets for you and your friends . 
 accepting them will make you honorary members of our pack and always welcomed here in howe . 
 we will become family . '' 
 i looked at the bracelet and then at henry and felicia . 
 thyzil and alura looked at each other and then to me and nodded . 
 we then smiled and slipped the bracelets over our wrist . 
 `` it is an honor for us to accept your gifts , '' i said . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 henry smiled and the three wolves began jumping and chasing each other in a playful manner . 
 `` please come visit us again soon , '' henry said as he walked away into the night with his children happily scampering behind him . 
 the entrance to the cave continued glowing white hot as rocks melted together . 
 it was fitting to have fire cleanse the stench of ah chuy kak who was now banished into the dark void . 
 it was n't over though , not by a long shot . 
 the picture i saw showed ah chuy kak with two other overlords at the feet of itzam-yeh . 
 who or what these other dark creatures are is anyone 's guess , not to mention the big enchilada itzam-yeh . 
 all i know is that they are darkzon , and that makes them my enemy . 
 lycanthrope packs still existed all over the world , but now they would begin fighting each other again for the position of alpha . 
 with ah chuy kak out of the picture , i suspect the fighting will wage among the packs for a very long time . 
 good , let them tear each others throats out . 
 when the new alpha shows its furry face in new york , or anyplace else , i 'll be ready to dust it . 
 i drew a pentagram in the dirt and reached in my wizard bag for a blue coin . 
 instead of removing the coin , i paused . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 alura asked . 
 `` not sure , but i think we can transport without the coin . '' 
 i stepped into the pentagram with alura and thyzil , then placed the end of my staff in the center . 
 i closed my eyes and focused on my magic and said , `` transmati domas , '' and nothing happened . 
 i opened my eyes and saw alura jab thyzil in his side while letting out a little laugh . 
 `` let 's try that again , '' i said and focused harder , then felt my magic flowing inside me out through my staff onto the pentagram . 
 `` transmati domas , '' i said in a slow deliberate voice , causing blue-white light to shoot up into the clouds and light up the night sky . 
 when i opened my eyes , we were back in my manhattan bedroom . 
 i smiled and raised my eyebrows up and down several times giving them a silent i told you so look . 
 `` impressive , '' alura said . 
 `` looks like you have bonded well with your staff big brother . 
 now , all the magic you need is in you . '' 
 thyzil put me in one of his death grip hugs and said , `` reminds me of old times wizard . '' 
 i somehow knew what alura told me was true . 
 i held my staff up and thought to put it away and it disappeared . 
 it was n't gone , only not there physically . 
 i could sense it was with me ready to be summoned by a single thought . 
 magic coins were no longer needed because my staff was now a part of me . 
 my phone buzzed . 
 it was a text message from sarila that read : need to meet . 
 new situation . 
 very serious . 
 `` are you kidding me ? 
 i did n't even get to sit down , '' i said and let out a long sigh . 
 alura laughed . 
 `` i told you brother . 
 things really never quiet down for us . '' 
 in the course of only a couple months , i went from being a harvard professor to becoming a master wizard from a planet called zeshtune . 
 i traveled to another planet called keob and its moon galbria , which no one knows orbits the earth 's sun . 
 i discovered i have a sister , can summon a magical construct named kyiel , and am friends with a warrior of the likes only seen in movies . 
 i learned that the dark creatures , once only existing in my dreams or late night television , are real and roam the earth . 
 i also met and fell for a white witch and became a member of a wolf pack . 
 that 's a lot to take in , and you know what ? 
 i would n't have it any other way . 
