 kasadya hellhound awakened written by karen swart @ 2014 karen swart smashwords edition appraisals for the kasadya saga `` kas was a great main character ! 
 she was bold , determined and sometimes stupid . 
 but she was awesome . 
 she went from a spoiled teen to a warrior ! 
 yes , a great warrior with bat wings !! 
 this book as it all ... with action , hot males ! 
 : -rrb- '' derinda love-young adult and teen readers for hellhound awakened `` holy crap , i could not put this down !! 
 what a great read this was , although at the end i was screaming nooooo ... i did n't want it to end ! 
 if you are looking for a book with some action in it , this is it !! 
 i loved the characters ; i could picture them in my head . 
 that 's awesome character building ! '' 
 brenda romine -- hellhound awakened `` another great book , written amazingly , with so many great characters ! 
 i ca n't wait for the next book and totally recommend this for all paranormal lovers !! '' 
 carrie fort -- hellhound twisted `` i have so many emotions warring with each other - sympathy , anger , sadness , betrayel and more . 
 this author knows how to pack a wallop regarding her writing . '' 
 merisha abbott -- hellhound twisted `` i 've said it before and i 'll say it again ! 
 be sure when you start karen 's kasadya series you start each book well before you plan to sleep at night ! 
 i do n't mean that it will keep you up all night with night terrors , but it will keep you up all night turning the pages . '' 
 julia -- hellhound born `` holy shit ! 
 talk about an emotional roller coaster . '' 
 alyssa williams -- hellhound born `` i do n't think it 's any secret to anyone at all that i love karen swart 's kasadya hellhound series . 
 they are just so much fun ! 
 i 'm serious , i have n't had this much fun reading in a long time . 
 the premise of the series is more unique that most `` angel '' type books and the author throws in enough twists to keep me guessing , and on the edge of my seat . '' 
 lori parker -- hellhound born copyrights all rights reserved . 
 published by karen swart . 
 no part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means , electronic or mechanical , including photocopying , recording , or by any information storage and retrieval system , without written permission from the publisher . 
 copyright @ 2014 edited by there for you editing , mai editing & blue butterfly editing cover by melody simmons dedication to my husband , family , and friends that had to bear the wrath of my insane writing , thank you and i love you beyond words . 
 acknowledgements to my amazing fans for supporting me and kasadya . 
 to my beta readers , editors and proof readers , a huge thank you . 
 to my amazing street team who is always there to help out . 
 a special thanks to janine for always being there . 
 glossary custos - guardian fallen apprendo - apprentice fallen filiola - little daughter dominus - master salve - greetings or hello vale - farewell puela - girl caveo - take care cor - heart bellus - beautiful exsilium - banished realm fillia -- daughter bellator -- warrior prologue there was a time when heaven was filled with peace and serenity . 
 god , jesus christ , and all the angels lived in harmony ; no evil and no sin existed . 
 until one fateful day ... with all gathered to hear their sire speak , god rose and addressed his angels . 
 before all , he proclaimed his son , jesus christ , was equal to him . 
 that christ 's words should be obeyed as if they were his own . 
 christ would command the heavens , with the same authority as him . 
 all the angels bowed down before christ and accepted their sire 's proclamation , all except for one ... an archangel was furious with this proclamation . 
 he was his sire 's right hand , the deliverer of justice , the commander of many legions . 
 he had served his sire for centuries , and never failed him . 
 it should be to him that god bestow power , not a son whom had never even seen battle . 
 with his heart filled with hatred and jealousy , he gathered all the angels in secret . 
 he told them that their days of sweet liberty were at an end . 
 that god has now placed christ as their ruler and that they should now obey his wishes . 
 many angels were angered at such a false statement , but many also agreed with the archangel . 
 he had led them for many years ; why should they now question his leadership ? 
 the faithful angels fled to god and told him what was happening , and together they prepared for war . 
 with the sun rising on a new day , god and his angels stood ready for battle against the archangel and his followers . 
 the battle only lasted a day , the archangel and his followers defeated before the sun set for the night . 
 seeing the angels on their knees before him , he gave them one final chance ... `` repent and declare your loyalty , and i will forgive you , my children . '' 
 he told his beautiful angels , tears falling with each word . 
 this was his family . 
 this was his love . 
 how could they betray him ? 
 some of the angels cried their penance , begging him to forgive them for their deceit . 
 they claimed that the archangel deceived them , and they followed him into battle , as they have done for centuries . 
 god took pity on them , but still believed that their deceit must not go unpunished . 
 he had spoken many times about the importance of punishment , that lessons learned must be earned ... `` i herewith grant you mercy , but as punishment you will be sentenced to an earthly realm . 
 i will take your beauty as payment for my children lost today . 
 in the place of your beauty , i will give you purpose . 
 in mercy , and because i love you still , i give you life in this realm . 
 let this be known , that i was merciful this day , '' god finished . 
 he placed them in an earthly realm , and called it exsilium . 
 in this realm they would carry their deceit , and earn their place with him . 
 he took their beauty and replaced them with elements of his earth . 
 half would be of animal and element , and would resemble punishment . 
 the other , in a humanoid form , and would resemble mercy . 
 he called them his fallen . 
 the archangel , and those whom did not repent , were not that lucky . 
 god looked into the eyes of his once faithful angels and only saw destruction , hatred , jealousy , and heartache . 
 he knew that his beloved ones had died this day , and that others needed to be protected . 
 but how could you destroy one you loved ? 
 he placed the archangel , and his followers , in another earthly realm , but where exsilium was above the earth , this one was in the center . 
 with one wave of his hand , their beautiful forms were replaced with forms as ugly as their hatred and deceit . 
 using his word and blood , he sealed this realm from any other . 
 as he looked into the many eyes of hatred , he spoke his final word ... `` this realm will be called hell , and you will be called demons . 
 you , my once faithful archangel , you will be called the devil . 
 your angel name will be erased from the past , present , and future . 
 you will be forgotten , '' he proclaimed and left them to their demise . 
 many years have passed since that day . 
 god created mankind and cherished his new children . 
 the male and female were his new hope ; in them he would find peace again . 
 but the devil had grown strong through the years , and somehow managed to enter god 's garden . 
 here , he found the female god created , using her to strike back . 
 he whispered words of deceit in her ears , and watched as god 's new children stepped into sin . 
 with her first bite , a crack appeared in the seal around hell , and demons escaped to earth . 
 from that day onward , the devil and his demons created chaos amongst god 's new children , leading one after the other into sin . 
 god looked upon this and decided to fight for his loved ones . 
 he went to exsilium and spoke to the fallen ... `` you , my children , have proven your loyalty in the years that have passed , and so i came to offer you another chance at heaven . 
 if you slay the devil and his demons to protect mankind , i will give you a place in my heaven once again . 
 with your last breath on this earth , you will join me and your brethren in heaven , '' he finished . 
 the fallen agreed and god gave them the power to move in and out of exsilium to battle the demons . 
 the war between good and evil began . 
 but as mankind spread over the earth , sin became their followers . 
 and with each sin , the demons grew stronger and created more demons to torture mankind . 
 the fallen were now fighting against millions ; they needed assistance to ensure victory . 
 god had watched the battle from heaven and saw that they were failing because of their numbers . 
 he also saw that the demons grew stronger than the fallen . 
 he intervened and created a new creature . 
 this creature would have features encompassing the best of both worlds . 
 one half was as strong and loyal as the fallen , while the other was as hard and enduring as a demon . 
 this was his ultimate weapon . 
 this would be his greatest creation . 
 to ensure that these creatures could not be swayed , he placed heaven 's soul into them . 
 he called them his hellhounds . 
 the hellhounds delivered justice swiftly , as strong and just as the fallen . 
 yet hard and durable like the demons , they conquered the earthly realm and the demons retreated . 
 not one hellhound could be swayed . 
 all stayed true to their calling . 
 god , knowing that the devil and many more demons had retreated , gave his hellhounds life , and offered them a place among the fallen . 
 until this day they still watch over mankind , protecting them from evil . 
 will we be worth it ? 
 chapter 1 looking in the mirror , the face looking back at me had such sad eyes . 
 in them i could only see despair and heartache . 
 with blue eyes , long brown hair , and soft tan skin , she did n't look bad . 
 it 's pretty funny how a simple thing like dna could play into your destiny , that a simple drop of blood could predict your fate . 
 this was my fate , to become what my dna wanted me to become . 
 something i wished i never had . 
 life in general was hard and uncertain , but mine was about to take a very bad turn . 
 the only question was , would i survive it ? 
 ever since i could remember , my dad was always away on business , especially during the nights . 
 mom was a landscape specialist and stayed home with me , doing her thing when i was at school . 
 we stayed in a normal town , a normal house , and i lived a normal life . 
 but at the age of twelve , mom and dad filled me in on my destiny , or perhaps i should say my curse . 
 you see , my parents are fallen . 
 my dad was a hellhound and my mom a fae . 
 dad was always away on `` business '' because it was his destiny to defeat evil demons and protect humankind . 
 mom was given leave of her service to attend to me , at least until i was old enough to go to the hellhouse in exsilium . 
 it was explained to me that i could never have a regular human life because i was n't human . 
 i was born a hellhound , thanks to my dad 's genes . 
 he was one of the strongest fallen , created by god himself . 
 it was my destiny to protect mankind from evil in order to earn passage to heaven . 
 unlike human children born without sin , i was born with it , and to redeem my soul , i had to serve . 
 that part sucked big time . 
 to add to my curse , i also had to follow `` the fallen laws '' . 
 the first law was that you may interact with humans , but never join them . 
 to make it short , i was allowed to go to a normal school , but was n't allowed to have friends . 
 the second law was that we were not allowed to take a human partner , so no boyfriends for me . 
 yeah , sucked really badly . 
 apparently there were many laws . 
 that 's why the hellhouse was created , to teach and train us . 
 wedded couples , like mom and dad , were allowed to raise children in the human world , but every childless fallen lived in exsilium . 
 they believed that by exposing us to humans from a young age , we would serve better . 
 i do n't think that idea worked out too well . 
 about a week ago , two days before my seventeenth birthday , mom and i got into a huge fight because i accepted an offer to go on a date with a boy at school . 
 ranting and raving , my emotions went haywire and the next thing i knew , i was standing on a street , in an unknown town , in the middle of the night . 
 i had no idea how the hell i did it , but there i was . 
 just when i was about to go insane , mom appeared out of the blue next to me , even angrier than before i left . 
 still screaming at me , she took my hand and then zap , i was back in the living room to find dad standing there , totally pissed off . 
 i broke a law . 
 only dominus and custos fallen were allowed to shift in the human world . 
 apprendos , like me , were only allowed to shift with their consent . 
 also , apprendos could only shift after their seventeenth birthday , when their bodies started becoming fallen . 
 in total shock , i just stood there and listened to them going off at me . 
 how the hell could i have known what shifting was in the first place , let alone know that i would be able to do it ? 
 dad and mom decided that my normal life should end immediately and that it was time for me to go to the hellhouse and start my curse . 
 so , here i am , sitting in front of a mirror in a hotel in omsek , russia , moments away from taking on a cursed existence . 
 what a life . 
 a soft knock at the door made me turn my head , and in came the two of them , to collect and deliver me to my torment . 
 `` it 's time , my filiola , '' dad said , looking at me with what could only be called a mixture of sadness and pride . 
 `` is all your stuff packed ? '' 
 mom asked with her poker face . 
 no way in hell would she show any emotion . 
 too proud , i guessed . 
 `` yeah , it 's all there , '' i replied while turning my head to look at my three suitcases . 
 bummer , seventeen years and all i had to show for it was three suitcases . 
 `` time is wasting , kas . 
 we need to go . '' 
 dad walked over to my suitcases , picked them up , then walked out of the room , heading for the car . 
 mom stood there , looking at me . 
 no words came , so i stood up and walked outside to the hallway and down the old stairs . 
 i looked at the humans in the small lobby , envy in my heart . 
 they never had to live a curse just to be able to go to heaven one day . 
 all they needed to do was go to confession and be forgiven . 
 that 's so unfair . 
 outside , dad was already in the driver 's seat of the minivan , so i went to the back door and got in , with mom following suit . 
 we drove for about an hour into the country , until dad turned left onto a dirt road . 
 a mile in , we came to an old cottage with a man waiting outside . 
 dad stopped the car in a garage and we got out . 
 `` salve , vulcan . 
 good to see you again , '' dad greeted the guy . 
 `` salve , troian , '' he returned , and they braced both their hands on each other 's arms . 
 fallen do n't shake hands like humans ; they greet each other in an old warrior way . 
 who gave a damn ? 
 `` vulcan , '' mom said and greeted him in same way . 
 married women - or females as my mom always said - are not allowed to show affection to another male , so a kiss to the cheek was taboo . 
 `` may i introduce my daughter , kasadya , '' dad said , gesturing to me . 
 `` salve , kasadya , and welcome , '' vulcan replied , but luckily he did n't do the arm thing with me . 
 with long , golden blond hair and blue eyes , he looked down at me with a smile . 
 `` hi , '' i said in return , my mom rolling her eyes at my short greeting . 
 `` shall we get your baggage ? '' 
 vulcan asked . 
 we walked back to the garage to get our suitcases . 
 i grabbed two of mine and my mom 's vanity case . 
 since they were getting rid of me , they were also returning to their home inside exsilium . 
 `` okay , that 's everything , '' dad said . 
 we started walking to the cottage , a shifting portal waiting inside . 
 a portal made by fae , like my mom , to gain access to exsilium . 
 not all the fallen need it , of course . 
 it was made for apprendos like me . 
 we walked into the old cottage to find it empty . 
 following vulcan , we made our way to the kitchen , where vulcan opened the pantry door and walked inside , disappearing into a green light . 
 okay , i 'll admit , that was cool . 
 next to go was mom . 
 dad and i were left ; we stood there looking at each other . 
 my breathing picked up with anticipation and dread . 
 `` come , my filiola . 
 your turn , '' he gently prodded , nodding toward the open space in the pantry . 
 no escaping , i guess , so i took a step into the portal , stepping out onto a brick road in front of a huge house . 
 i looked back to see my dad standing behind me . 
 `` welcome home , kas , '' he said and started walking towards my mom and vulcan , who were waiting for us at the gate of the house . 
 i sighed and walked after him . 
 when we reached them , my mom turned towards the gate and it opened all on its own . 
 one by one , we stepped inside and went up the stairs , only to find the next door doing the same . 
 wow , getting cooler . 
 it made little things , like opening a door and gate , easier . 
 walking behind vulcan , we entered a lobby in the front of the house . 
 `` freya , vulcan and i are just going to drop our luggage at home . 
 we will be right back , '' dad interjected before placing my big suitcase on the floor to take my mom 's vanity from me . 
 he looked at me with a smile and then poof , they were gone . 
 i turned to look at my mom and found her smiling at me . 
 `` you 'll find our world interesting . 
 that i promise , fillia . '' 
 she smiled , picking up my suitcase and motioning for me to walk with her . 
 `` yeah , pretty cool so far , '' i responded , walking behind her into a hallway . 
 when we reached the second door , it opened on its own and she walked inside . 
 i followed into what looked like an office . 
 `` you can place your luggage here for now , '' she instructed , putting my suitcase down in the corner of the office . 
 i dropped my luggage and turned around to see her sitting on one of the couches . 
 `` so , is this the hellhouse you guys were talking about ? '' 
 i asked , looking around at the paintings and stuff inside the office . 
 `` yes , here you will practice your apprenticeship for about six months . 
 afterwards , you will live with your custos until you are a custos yourself . '' 
 `` how long will it take ? '' 
 `` it depends on the fallen , but the average is about two years . '' 
 `` so , i guess that means there will be no prom for me ? '' 
 `` no , my dear , there will be no prom . 
 that is for the humans . 
 we have other balls , and you will need to attend them . 
 it 's tradition . '' 
 `` oh , just great . 
 i do n't even know how to dance , mom . 
 you would n't allow me to go to any of the dances at home , remember ? '' 
 `` do n't fret about it now . 
 only focus on one thing at a time . '' 
 rolling my eyes at her , i planted myself on another couch , only to have the living daylights scared out of me when dad and vulcan shifted in next to me . 
 laughing , my dad went to sit next to mom , while vulcan walked behind the desk to take his seat . 
 `` let 's begin . 
 kas , you will be attending here at the house for about six months . 
 from there , you will live with your custos until he has found you worthy of being one yourself . 
 we have rules for the house , which i will give to you . 
 learn them by heart , '' vulcan finished . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` your chosen custos is chax de luca . 
 he will introduce himself when he arrives later today . '' 
 `` you have arranged for chax ? '' 
 dad asked . 
 `` yes , he is the best and just finished with his other apprendo , '' he replied , looking at my dad , who turned his head to me . 
 there was something in his eyes , something like dread . 
 okay , what 's wrong with this chax guy ? 
 `` then i will trust your judgment . 
 my fillia will not disappoint me , '' dad said finally , getting up from the couch . 
 `` if you need anything , kas , you only need to ask vulcan . 
 we will only see you once a month from now until you finish . 
 be good , my filiola , '' dad said and kissed me on the head . 
 mom was up next and we just stood there , looking at each other . 
 i was waiting for her to say something , anything . 
 but , just like always , she kissed me on the cheek and joined my father at the bookshelf . 
 some girls have that best friend mom , i had ... well , i had her . 
 `` be strong , kas , '' dad encouraged before he shifted out with mom . 
 i turned , really pissed off at mom , to look at vulcan . 
 you would think that she would at least say goodbye . 
 but no , too much for mrs. perfect . 
 `` okay , kas , let me show you to your room and introduce you to your roommates , nanini and lada . 
 they will assist you with the rest , '' vulcan said , walking over to my suitcases . 
 he picked up two of them , leaving me with the third . 
 i followed him up the corridor , going up a few stairs , until we finally made it into another hall , which was buzzing with life . 
 as i walked behind him , kids my age were everywhere . 
 in one room , my eye caught a girl completely green from top to toe , dangling in a meditating position in the air . 
 okay , now that 's freaking awesome ! 
 he finally stopped at a room and went inside . 
 following him , i found two girls in a huge freaking room . 
 a dark haired girl was lying on the bed , and a blonde was jumping up and down in front of her . 
 the moment they saw vulcan , the one jumping stopped and the other one got off the bed . 
 `` greetings , puellas , '' vulcan greeted , placing my suitcases on the floor . 
 `` hi , vulcan , '' they said simultaneously . 
 `` kas , this is lada facetus , '' he said as he motioned to the dark haired girl . 
 she had brown eyes and dark tan skin , coupled with long brown hair to complete her majestic look . 
 `` and this is nanini dacus . '' 
 he indicated the blonde girl . 
 she had blue eyes , long blonde hair , and a very petite figure , like a pixie . 
 `` girls , this is kasadya levourne and she will be joining us . 
 please show her around and introduce her to the others . 
 her custos will introduce himself later . 
 kas , get settled in , and best of luck , '' he finished , walking out of the room . 
 `` hi there , so glad we have another american girl , '' nanini said , starting to jump on the spot again , like she needed to get to the bathroom or something . 
 `` yeah , the european girls can really bug the hell out of you , '' lada commented , smiling at me . 
 `` glad to hear . 
 do you need to use the bathroom ? 
 or something ? '' 
 i asked nanini , her jumping totally breaking my concentration . 
 `` do n't mind nanini ; she has an adrenalin disorder and is always jumping or pacing around . 
 believe me , the moment she plants her butt , it 's her mouth that goes off , '' lada teased , laughing . 
 `` yeah , but at least it 's a positive when i need to fly , '' nanini countered , trying to stop but failing miserably . 
 `` did you just say fly ? '' 
 i asked , stunned at her words . 
 `` yeah , i 'm a fae and one of my powers is flying . 
 i had to come live in exsilium when i was eleven . 
 i had a big problem keeping my flying under control . '' 
 `` wow . 
 i could just imagine the human 's reaction to that . '' 
 `` this will be your section of the room , and luckily we have a bathroom to share , so we need to work out a routine . 
 nanini goes in last because she takes the longest , '' lada said , gesturing to a bed in the corner near a window and another door to the right . 
 `` thanks , '' i replied , picking up the first suitcase , placing it on the bed to start unpacking . 
 `` i 'll help . 
 you stand at the closet and i 'll give one a piece at a time . 
 it will go a lot faster with some teamwork , '' lada insisted , sitting down next to the suitcase . 
 `` nice , so how long have you been here , lada ? '' 
 `` about two months now . 
 i turned seventeen in march . 
 do n't worry ; the place is n't that bad . 
 at least we have sexy guys to keep us entertained , '' she answered , handing over a pair of jeans . 
 i took the jeans and placed them in the closet . 
 sexy guys , yeah right . 
 then i remembered the two in the hall ; they did look pretty yummy . 
 `` so , where are you from ? '' 
 nanini asked , pacing around the front of the bed . 
 `` i 'm from ohio . 
 it 's a pretty cool town , '' i replied , taking clothes from lada and placing them inside the closet `` and who are your parents ? '' 
 `` my dad is troian , a hellhound , and my mom is freya , also a fae like you , '' i said , directing the last bit at nanini . 
 `` wow . 
 that will make you a hellhound . 
 totally wicked . '' 
 `` why would that be wicked ? '' 
 i asked her , turning around to face her . 
 `` hellhounds are the strongest of the fallen , but really rare . 
 i 'm also one , '' lada said , looking at me with pride written all over her face . 
 `` have you transformed yet ? '' 
 nanini went on . 
 `` if you mean transformed into a hellhound , no . 
 but i shifted to somewhere , and that had my mom and dad throwing a hissy fit . '' 
 `` then you are going to have to get a spark to hit the transformation , '' lada continued . 
 `` what do you mean a spark ? '' 
 `` in the old days , we would transform for the first time when we were near a demon , but now we are taken to a spirit fae called maia . 
 she uses her powers to trigger your hellhound inside . 
 then you will be able to transform into a hellhound . 
 afterwards , everything is pretty cool . '' 
 `` so , this maia is going to zap me with her powers to turn me into a monster ? '' 
 `` basically , yeah . '' 
 oh , just great , not only will i be a monster , but someone has to zap me into one . 
 `` do you know what i would look like ? '' 
 i asked lada , worried over the after effect this was going to have . 
 i did n't want to look like a bull or something . 
 `` i can do more than that , '' she said , smiling . 
 getting up , she walked over to an open spot near the window . 
 when she turned around , she was n't a girl anymore . 
 she was two feet taller , and was covered in what look like fur . 
 her brown eyes were now yellow with black pupils . 
 on her forehead were two small horns sticking out . 
 but it was the two black , bat-like wings lifting up behind her that did it for me . 
 oh my freaking soul ! 
 i am going to turn into a huge freaking bat ! 
 my legs turned into jelly and i planted my butt on the bed . 
 `` it 's not that bad , kas . 
 we can do a lot cool stuff with our fallen bodies . 
 our wings grow stronger as we develop our fallen nature . 
 we are able to use them to fly and fight . 
 we are just as fast as harpies , but even better , '' she told me in a slightly deeper voice , before she transformed back to normal . 
 i did n't see the okay part in this , definitely not the cool part . 
 i do n't even know what a freaking harpy is . 
 `` come on , kas . 
 think positive about this . 
 i know it 's shocking the first time , but at least you do n't turn pink all over , '' nanini said , patting me on the shoulder . 
 `` you turn pink ? '' 
 i asked her , remembering the girl drifting around in her room earlier . 
 `` yeah , it 's a fae thing . 
 we turn into almost any color on the planet . 
 even my freaking hair goes pink , so not cool . '' 
 `` well , at least you still look human , and not like a huge bat . '' 
 `` point taken . '' 
 `` how do your clothes stay on when you do that ? '' 
 i asked , worried about my birthday suit making its appearance in front of other people . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 a fae charms our clothing , making it possible to move and stretch . 
 your clothes are already charmed . 
 must have been your mom , '' lada said , coming to sit next to me again . 
 `` well , well , well , what do we have here ? '' 
 a girl with a thick , russian sounding accent asked . 
 i whipped my head towards the door to find three girls standing there . 
 the one in front looked almost exactly like kate beckinsale . 
 the one on her left like jennifer lopez , and the last one at the back like kirsten dunst . 
 `` ca n't remember inviting you into our room , kali , '' lada sneered , clearly pissed off at the girl . 
 `` since when do i need your permission , dog ? '' 
 kali countered while smiling at lada , who jumped up , ready for a fight . 
 `` okay , you two cut it out ! 
 save it for the arena , '' nanini demanded , but she also looked ready for some action , taking a `` just try it '' stance at the bed 's end . 
 `` and who might you be ? '' 
 kali asked , swinging her finger at me . 
 `` kas . '' 
 `` so , are you another dog ? '' 
 `` if you are referring to a hellhound , then yes , i am . '' 
 `` perfect , another one to pound down in the arena . 
 ca n't wait , '' the jennifer lopez girl said with a french accent while looking me up and down . 
 `` oh please , like you can talk , werewolf , '' lada chimed in , moving forward to stand between the girl and me . 
 `` do n't push me , lada , '' the girl replied , a growl escaping from her throat . 
 oh man , she is a freaking werewolf . 
 `` come , girls , we have to entertain the boys . 
 let 's leave these losers for later , '' kali said and walked out , the other two following her . 
 `` one of these days , i 'm going to kill her , '' lada declared , turning around to look at me . 
 `` something i should know about ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i was n't really into the diva squad thing , at least not since i was fourteen . 
 being the odd kid out , i was picked on daily . 
 soooo over that now . 
 `` they think they are the bomb , '' nanini replied , pacing around in the open space in front of the bed . 
 `` so , i guess that will be the local cheerleader squad then ? '' 
 i asked , still looking at the doorway the girls left from . 
 man , i hated them in school , but now i 'm stuck with the same type of divas all the time . 
 and to add on to the whole thing , they turn into freaking werewolves . 
 `` yeah , every school has them , right ? '' 
 nanini replied . 
 from the look on her face i could see that she had missed out on it because she had to come here when she was eleven . 
 i , personally , did n't think she missed much . 
 `` come on , let 's get you unpacked so we can get some grub before its time for our custose , '' lada instructed and went back to the suitcase . 
 `` yeah , so who and what are they , just to be on the safe side ? '' 
 i asked , taking some clothes from lada again , and pointing to the door the girls were standing in earlier . 
 `` the leader of the pack would be kali . 
 she 's a harpy . 
 then the werewolf is nina , and the blondie at the back is juno , who 's a vampire , '' lada explained with a displeased face . 
 `` okay then . 
 we are so not doing a slumber party with them ! '' 
 i said , making a joke to try and lift the spirit in the room . 
 it worked ; both of them laughed . 
 we finished unpacking and the girls showed me how to get to the mess hall , or as they put it , grub spot . 
 pretty much like at school ; you get in line , take a tray , grab food and look for an open spot , which was easier . 
 the grub spot only had a few kids , about twenty from what i could see . 
 we went to sit down and i had just taken my first bite when a group of four guys came to sit with us . 
 lada introduced me to them all , and i must admit it was quite nice to be able to talk to boys for a change , without feeling odd . 
 and man , were they fine ! 
 after we ate , we got up to return our trays to the kitchen area , the three divas checking us out with every step . 
 `` you can actually date one of them if you are interested . 
 the `` no go zone '' is officially over . 
 they are fallen , so it 's permitted . 
 you 're going to need a date for the ball , '' lada said to me when i placed my tray in the wash bin . 
 `` really ? '' 
 i asked , excited and scared at the same time . 
 i did n't have much experience , but hell , i would n't mind getting to first base before i was eighteen . 
 `` hell yeah , it 's cool now . 
 so grab and enjoy , '' nanini said , very pleased at the idea . 
 `` i 'll keep that in mind when a hunk comes along , '' i responded , smiling back at her . 
 laughing , we went outside , still on the guys subject , until they steered me into what looked like a huge entertainment room . 
 a huge tv , two pool tables , and some other stuff were crammed into the room , and kids were playing on them . 
 `` we hang out here until our custos come and fetch us for our training , '' lada explained , going over to the tv to flip it over to mtv . 
 so glad we can watch the normal world from here . 
 i was wondering if they had the same stuff , and so far it was as normal as usual . 
 `` so , who 's your custos ? '' 
 nanini asked , grabbing the pinball machine close to us . 
 `` i believe it 's a chax somebody , '' i replied , looking at her feet moving like they were on fire . 
 the girl clearly had a problem keeping still , but then she suddenly stopped dead , so i looked up to see her staring at me in shock . 
 `` you mean chax de luca ? '' 
 `` i think so . 
 i did n't really pay much attention to the details . 
 one boring teacher to another is n't worth it , right ? '' 
 `` boring will be the last thing you call a custos , but chax is the worst of them all . 
 vampires are n't people persons , and man , he is the worst of the lot , '' lada said next to me . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` first of all , it means they are not old guys or women . 
 the fallen never grow old . 
 have n't you noticed that with your parents ? 
 we hit a late twenty stage and that 's it for eternity . 
 second , he is a dominus custos , being one of the first original fallen , and he serves on the council . 
 he is permanently in a bad mood . '' 
 `` oh , that 's just freaking great ! 
 i get darth vader ? '' 
 `` yeah , you get the most desired , sexiest vampire in existence , but with a really bad attitude to completely spoil everything else . '' 
 `` crap , that sucks , '' i finished , laying my head back on the couch , my hands on my forehead . 
 that 's all i needed , an ass training me , and apparently he looked like a god to spoil every dream guy i ever had . 
 chapter 2 with my hands on my head , i was still sitting there hating my life and wishing i was never born . 
 why do i always get the bad deals in life ? 
 `` nanini , are you ready ? '' 
 a guy 's dreamy voice asked from behind me . 
 i lifted my head and turned around to see a dead sexy guy standing there looking at us . 
 `` i see we have a new apprendo . 
 seth de monte , '' he greeted , walking over to stand in front of me . 
 man , this guy was beyond sexy . 
 dark brown hair reaching his ears , blue eyes , and a smile with dimples and all . 
 but it was his body that completely had me dumbstruck . 
 an absolutely perfectly shaped guy , with muscles too . 
 lada decided then to save me and gave me a soft push . 
 i snapped out of it . 
 `` hi , kasadya levourne , but kas for short , '' i replied , getting up to do the greeting thing . 
 the moment my hands touched his arms , goose bumps broke out all over them . 
 oh boy , this guy is so hot . 
 `` an honor , kas , '' he said smiling , giving me even more goose bumps . 
 `` i presume troian is your father ? '' 
 `` yes , and my mom 's freya . '' 
 `` good , your father is one of the best , and your mother is also very talented . 
 i will be looking forward to seeing what their daughter can do . '' 
 `` okay , well , that 's makes two of us , '' i countered , and everyone laughed . 
 `` well , nanini , shall we be off ? '' 
 he asked , still looking at me with a smile . 
 `` hell yeah , let 's get this going ! 
 i have some adrenalin to work out , '' she replied , her voice moving behind me . 
 nodding at me and lada , he joined nanini . 
 they walked out together , with me still looking at him the whole time . 
 `` oh man , i think you just found that hunk you were talking about , '' lada said , patting me on the back . 
 `` oh , come on , it 's not like we can date our custos . '' 
 `` actually , you can . 
 the moment you turned seventeen you are , by fallen law , declared an adult and can date anyone you want . 
 and he is available , too . '' 
 `` you 're joking , right ? '' 
 `` nope , and if you want , you can even do a pactum with him and become mates . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` it means you two can bond and become husband and wife , if things work out . 
 you do n't even need your parents ' permission . 
 and we , being hellhounds , are even pushed into it , to increase the hellhound population . '' 
 `` okay , i am so not doing the marrying thing , and children are definitely not in my future plans , but thanks . 
 i would n't mind hitting first base with him though . '' 
 laughing , another guy came in and greeted lada and me . 
 his name was dagon and he was lada 's custos . 
 after the introductions they both left , leaving me alone to think about this whole business of marriage and stuff . 
 no way in hell . 
 i was the last person left , everyone else being collected by their custos . 
 clearly mine also had no care for the words `` on time . '' 
 so i planted myself on the couch and watched mtv . 
 `` kasadya ? '' 
 another male voice said from behind me . 
 i turned around to see who it was , only to find an even sexier guy standing there . 
 `` yes , '' i replied . 
 he had dark brown hair reaching below his jaw , emerald green eyes , and stubble running around his mouth to his chin and jaw . 
 it looked like he had n't shaved in a while . 
 `` i 'm your custos . 
 come , maia awaits , '' he instructed , then turned around and walked out . 
 what the - ? 
 jumping up , i ran to catch up to him . 
 yeah , not even `` hi '' or anything , just `` come . '' 
 man , i have a really bad feeling about this . 
 i caught up to him and walked behind him to the front lobby , and then outside . 
 `` my apprendo reports directly to the arena . 
 i will not waste my time on you again , understand ? '' 
 chax said , not even bothering to look at me . 
 `` yes , sir , '' i replied , anger blasting through me . 
 okay , this guy was beyond grumpy . 
 we walked in silence onto the brick street , passing many buildings and houses until we came to a street full of little shops . 
 it looked a lot like the alley in harry potter . 
 reading signs from food to weapons showed me that each shop provided something different . 
 this must be their main street or market . 
 we reached a little shop , almost tucked away between two bigger ones . 
 he walked in , the door opening on its own . 
 inside the little shop was something more like a house . 
 a nice lounge greeted us as a warm welcome . 
 `` maia , '' chax called , ignoring me . 
 a blonde woman came into the room from another door . 
 she had blue eyes , a slim figure , and a beautiful warm smile on her face . 
 `` chax , '' she greeted him without even looking at him . 
 her eyes were on me as she walked over to stand in front of me . 
 `` welcome , young one . 
 i 'm maia , '' she said , greeting me with her hands on my arms . 
 `` hi , i 'm kas , '' i replied , glad to see a happy face after a half an hour of seeing only someone 's back . 
 `` if you 're done , you need to spark her so we can return and begin her training , '' chax said . 
 i looked behind her to see him staring at us . 
 wow , finally he 's at least looking at me . 
 `` chax , that is the only reason you ever come to me , so keep your pants on , '' maia said , still smiling at me and holding my arms . 
 `` now , let 's give you your spark and see what beautiful creature awaits us . '' 
 suddenly , i felt a buzz from her hands going into me . 
 it spread through my entire body , giving me goose bumps . 
 she released me and took a step back . 
 from the goose bumps , i felt warmth spread through me , and then i felt the transformation , my muscles and skin stretching and growing . 
 i looked at my hands and saw them turn from normal sized to bigger hands with sharp nails and fur spread all over them . 
 looking back at chax and maia , i saw that i was taller than both of them . 
 wow . 
 he was looking at me from top to toe , inspecting me without a word . 
 i saw a small smile on his face and the moment he saw me looking at him , he turned his face to the window and walked away . 
 okay , so he 's a hide-and-seek kind of guy . 
 i turned my eyes back to maia , who stood there grinning like a schoolgirl . 
 `` fabulous , '' she said , looking at me . 
 `` i hope it 's not bad , '' i replied . 
 `` let me show you , '' she offered , and moved her hand in the air . 
 a huge mirror took shape in the air in front of me . 
 okay , now this is something new . 
 looking back at me was the same thing i saw with lada , but it looked more like me . 
 my hair was hanging over my shoulders to reach my hips , a lot longer than normal . 
 then i saw my wings sticking out from behind my back . 
 concentrating , i moved them . 
 i have no idea how i did it , but i moved them . 
 they opened gracefully . 
 i closed them again and repeated the action , looking at them with awe . 
 they were definitely bat-like , but for some strange reason they were beautiful to me now . 
 i looked at maia to see chax regarding me from behind her . 
 he turned around again , not willing to show he was even a little bit interested in my hellhound form . 
 smiling because he was only fooling himself , i turned to look at maia . 
 `` yeah , not bad . '' 
 `` you 're beautiful , kas , a rare thing in our fallen forms , but clearly not in you , '' maia said and turned around to look at chax . 
 `` all done , chax . 
 now you can continue your training , '' she finished . 
 he turned around . 
 `` thank you , maia . 
 vale . 
 kasadya , come . 
 we 're already late , '' he instructed , walking to the door . 
 `` but how do i turn it off ? '' 
 i asked him , definitely not wanting to walk back looking like this . 
 `` just imagine it in your head , kas , '' maia instructed , pointing her finger to her temple . 
 imagine it in my head . 
 okay , i can do this . 
 closing my eyes , i felt my body reshaping , and when i looked at myself in the mirror , i was back to normal . 
 okay , no problem . 
 i really can do this . 
 i turned to the door to see chax standing there , looking at me with an expression that said `` today , '' so i quickly thanked and greeted maia , and then followed him back outside . 
 we walked back to the hellhouse . 
 when we entered the front gate , he walked around the house towards the back . 
 i followed again without a word . 
 do n't want to piss off this guy . 
 reaching the end of the building , i could hear shouts and noise from somewhere behind the building . 
 rounding the corner , i stopped dead in my tracks . 
 in front of me was the arena everyone had been talking about , a huge stadium-like thing . 
 and there were pairs of creatures everywhere , sparring against one another , with their custos standing around the fight giving orders . 
 i saw nanini in her pink form flying in the air , throwing pink bursts of light at a half woman , half bird creature . 
 the bird thing screamed when the pink light hit her and dove for nanini , who simply moved out of the way at the last moment . 
 the bird thing flew straight into another fight . 
 `` today , kasadya ! '' 
 chax demanded . 
 i looked back down to see him standing with two other people , so i quickly moved along and joined them . 
 `` this is arianna facetus and her apprendo lotan . 
 you will be sparring with him today , '' chax said , motioning to the two standing there . 
 lotan i had met earlier at lunch , so i just nodded at him and greeted arianna properly . 
 `` take your places , '' chax instructed and i looked at him . 
 what the hell then ? 
 so i looked at lotan , who was taking a spot a few steps away from me before turning around to look at me . 
 `` begin , '' chax said and lotan changed into a big , red guy with black tattoos running all over him . 
 oh boy , this does n't look good . 
 he stood there , waiting for me , so i looked over to chax , who was already pissed off at me for not doing something . 
 `` transform , kasadya , and begin ! '' 
 he shouted at me . 
 okay , i imagined the normal thing , so i guess let 's try imagining the hellhound thing . 
 closing my eyes and concentrating , i felt my body change again , and when i opened my eyes i was just a head shorter than lotan . 
 smiling , he made the first move and charged at me . 
 holy freaking hell ! 
 he stormed at me full speed , his arm ready to punch me . 
 shocked , my body reacted on its own . 
 using my wings , i lifted myself up a little and moved out of his way a split second before impact . 
 unlike the bird thing , he turned gracefully and punched me in the face . 
 i went flying back and landed on my back , my wings trapped between the ground and me . 
 crap ! 
 that hurt like hell . 
 lotan was on top of me , pushing me down with a smile and pinning me to the ground . 
 he opened his mouth and teeth like a shark 's came into view . 
 moving forward and heading for my neck . 
 `` his bite will paralyze you . 
 act now ! '' 
 chax yelled at me from somewhere behind me . 
 oh crap , no way in hell is this guy biting me . 
 digging my feet in the ground and using my wings at the back , i pushed up my lower body with such force i flung lotan over my head , his head hitting the ground . 
 the moment he was off me , i was on my feet , backing away from him . 
 `` good , now take him down ! '' 
 chax yelled again . 
 but i just stood there looking at lotan getting back up again . 
 i 'm a freaking girl . 
 girls do n't fight like this . 
 damn , my cheek was thumping from the blow . 
 the moment lotan was up , he stormed for me again , this time tackling me like a football player . 
 my breath slammed out of me and once again i was lying under him , struggling to take a breath . 
 he pinned me down , and then the shark teeth were heading for me again . 
 with a quick movement i pulled my hand from his grip and went for his throat . 
 i saw his eyes go wide and then he transformed back to normal , my hand still on his throat , squeezing it . 
 i saw two hands coming into my view , going for my hand . 
 out of shock , i reacted and went into overdrive . 
 i pushed lotan away . 
 he went flying through the air , and using my wings , i was up on my feet again and ready for some more sick fun . 
 as i faced chax , whatever look i had on my face had him changing into his fallen form . 
 he was two feet taller , and two huge fangs were sticking out of his mouth . 
 the rest of him was still what you could call normal , ready to take me down . 
 ready to kick his ass , i started to circle him until someone 's voice pulled me back to reality . 
 `` kas , do n't . 
 he 'll hurt you . 
 just take a deep breath and calm down . '' 
 i turned my head to look into seth 's beautiful face , and did what he said . 
 inhaling deeply and releasing it , i calmed down . 
 still looking at chax , i slowly backed off , taking slow steps backwards , straight into seth 's arms . 
 `` it 's okay , you 're okay , '' he whispered in my ear , and only then did i notice that my arm was back to normal , and i was shaking like a chihuahua . 
 `` what in heaven 's name where you thinking , chax ?! 
 she just got here and you just throw her into this , expecting her to do what the others have been doing for weeks . 
 where are your brains !? '' 
 seth yelled at chax , my head in his chest and still shaking . 
 boy , i have never been so scared in my life . 
 this is hectic stuff . 
 `` she is my apprendo . 
 i train her , not you ! '' 
 chax yelled back at him . 
 `` look at her , for god 's sake . 
 she is in shock . 
 you do n't just throw someone without experience into a fight like that , and against an impon ! '' 
 seth continued . 
 `` release her now ! 
 protecting her wo n't help her . 
 she must learn in order to survive ! '' 
 chax yelled back at him . 
 `` no , '' seth said and kept me in his arms . 
 the next moment i was plucked from him and chax 's face came into view . 
 he was still transformed and looking at seth . 
 when i looked back at seth , he had also transformed into what could only be called a werewolf . 
 the same height as chax , he faced off with him , growling . 
 `` you want a go at me , seth ? '' 
 chax asked , moving me from between them to his back , never releasing his hold on me . 
 well , this is a great day for a huge embarrassing moment . 
 `` any day , '' seth growled back at him . 
 `` stop , you two ! '' 
 arianna yelled from the left . 
 `` seth , you know we do n't interfere with each other 's methods . 
 chax has his own way of training . '' 
 `` look at her arianna ! 
 do you think his methods are acceptable ? '' 
 `` no , i do n't , but she is still his apprendo and he alone trains her . 
 you and i can not intervene , '' she replied . 
 without a word they looked at each other . 
 after a while chax transformed back to normal , turned around , and grabbed me around the bicep , pushing me back towards the building . 
 he shuffled me through a hallway , all the way to a lounge area without saying a word , then pushed me down in a chair and released me . 
 `` if you ever try to attack me , you better know what you 're doing . 
 unlike the others , i will engage and i will hurt you , understand ? '' 
 `` i did n't mean to , '' i croaked out , near the point of crying . 
 how humiliating , being dragged away like that . 
 without a word we just looked at each other . 
 i felt a tear drop down my face , over my cheek , and i looked down at my lap . 
 he turned around and left me alone in the room . 
 the moment i felt safe , i burst into tears . 
 the guy 's insane ! 
 i have a freaking insane custos , and he 'll kill me before i even reach week two . 
 with my hands over my face , i heard footsteps and quickly pulled myself together . 
 a pair of men 's legs in jeans came into view . 
 `` are you okay , kas ? '' 
 seth asked , and then bent down to look at me . 
 `` yeah , i 'm okay , just had the wits scared out of me . 
 thanks for helping me , and sorry for the trouble . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry you had to go through that . 
 i 've never approved of his methods and that makes the two of us incompatible . '' 
 `` yeah , he is a pretty tough guy . '' 
 `` no , not tough . 
 he is out of touch with normal emotions , '' he replied . 
 when he raised me up to take me into his arms again , i went without resisting . 
 his arms were very comforting and i allowed myself the moment . 
 `` i wish i could get you transferred to another , but it has never been done before . '' 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i 'll survive . 
 have to , right ? '' 
 he released me and we looked at each other , then he leaned closer with his mouth . 
 just when he was about to kiss me , chax came into the room . 
 seth stopped and looked up at him . 
 `` come , kasadya . 
 we will train at my house . 
 there are too many distractions here , '' chax said and stepped to the side . 
 opening the door , he waited for me to follow . 
 i looked at seth and smiled , then turned and walked out . 
 `` careful , seth , you play with fire , '' i heard chax say once i passed him . 
 then the only sound was his footsteps as he followed me . 
 i just continued walking until we reached a set of doors where i stepped aside for him to take the lead . 
 he walked by me like i was n't even there and just continued to storm down the next hall . 
 oh boy , i 'm going to have one hell of a time with this guy . 
 clearly he is not a people 's person . 
 after a moment he stopped and turned around to look at me . 
 `` i can see this is going to take too long . 
 take my hand , '' he said as he offered me his hand . 
 nervous , i slowly raised my hand to his , and the moment we touched we shifted into a lounge filled with antique furniture . 
 he let go of my hand and walked out of the room . 
 i followed him , all the while looking at the paintings and furniture . 
 i followed him out a door to a garden with a wide open patch of grass . 
 on the right side i could see a wide variety of weapons hanging on a wall . 
 someone needs a hobby . 
 clearly this guy was taking his job beyond the point of service . 
 `` we will practice here for the next few days . 
 i want to make myself very clear . 
 when you go out in the field , you will meet much more dangerous creatures than here , and they will not stop before they kill you . 
 there will be no one to save you but yourself . 
 you fail here and you will die out there . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` good , we will begin with basic battle techniques . 
 i 'll show , you follow . '' 
 he walked over to a small bench , removed his jacket and dropped it there . 
 now in just a t-shirt and jeans , he was walking to the middle of some type of ring and looked at me waiting . 
 i moved over quickly ; pissing him off even more was not an option . 
 he started with a basic punch move and i followed . 
 we did a few , and every now and then he had to move my arm or twist my hand to ensure that i get the technique before we continued . 
 i must confess , the guy moved very gracefully . 
 i found myself fascinated with him every time he showed me a move . 
 this guy can fight . 
 we continued until the sun 's final rays peeked out from beyond the horizon , leaving the sky orange and purple . 
 i was totally wasted since he did n't do time-outs during his training sessions . 
 i was either going to build muscles like a gym jockey or i most likely would n't be able to move tomorrow , the last one a hundred percent guaranteed . 
 `` tomorrow after lunch , i 'll meet you at the front door . 
 i will shift you here , but by the time we are finished , you will take over the shifting and then be on your own . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 like i have a magic wand stuck somewhere . 
 he offered his hand again and this time i took it without nerves . 
 and , like that , i was standing in the front lobby of the hellhouse . 
 the moment i released his hand , he shifted out without even saying good-bye or goodnight . 
 well , have a nice night , you ass . 
 walking back to my room , i felt like a train had hit me . 
 each step was agonizing , my muscles straining from all the exercise they had this afternoon . 
 i made it into the hall to find the three divas standing at the first door , talking to someone . 
 just moving past them , i ignored them and walked to our room . 
 the moment our door came into view , i sighed and walked inside to find nanini jumping on a spot and lada on a laptop . 
 `` wow , girl , you look wasted , '' lada commented . 
 `` you do n't want my body at this moment , '' i replied and walked to my bed , crashing on it . 
 `` yeah , chax really packs one hell of a training punch , '' nanini said , coming to pace in front of me . 
 `` yeah , he 's what i would call a lady-killer , '' i replied and tried to roll over to get back up again , without any luck . 
 `` seth was totally pissed at him the whole afternoon . 
 arianna had to calm him down a few times , '' nanini continued and leaned over to look me in the eyes . 
 `` yes , he is fascinated with the new girl , '' lada said , laughing softly . 
 `` hey , cut me some slack here . 
 just went through one hell of a day and it 's not even over yet . 
 i 'm so sore . '' 
 `` how are you going to get to the grub spot like this ? '' 
 nanini asked , still hanging over me . 
 `` definitely not going to make it . 
 do n't even think the bathroom is reachable at this point . '' 
 `` nanini , go get lilly . 
 she 'll be able to help kas , '' lada instructed , and nanini ran out of the room . '' 
 who 's lilly ? '' 
 i asked , worried that someone was going to help me into an even worse situation . 
 `` she is spirit fae , like maia . 
 able to leave you sitting on the ground like a little child in the hot spot corner , or in your case , able to remove the pain from your muscles so that you can get up , go eat , and have a bath . '' 
 `` you think she will come and visit me every night ? '' 
 i asked , still trying to get off the bed . 
 stupid guy , how the hell did he want me to train if i could n't even move the next day ? 
 `` hello , i hear i have a patient waiting for me , '' a girl said and came to lean over me , smiling . 
 `` if you can take the pain away , i 'll be your best buddy until the end of days , '' i said , begging her to help me . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 we do this all the time . '' 
 she placed her hands on my shins , and just like with maia , a buzz traveled into my body followed by goose bumps . 
 then the warm feeling spread through me , taking away the pain . 
 `` that feels so good , thank you , '' i said to the girl who was now green from top to toe . 
 `` no problem , hope you feel better in a few minutes . 
 i 'll see you guys . 
 still have to get ready for supper , '' she replied and walked out of the room . 
 `` i like her , '' i said , and we started laughing . 
 after a few minutes i got up , took a shower , and then we made it to the grub spot . 
 i ate the entire plate . 
 the girls went to the entertainment room , but i called it a night and went straight to bed , crashing on it with such force , i bumped it in into the wall . 
 holy crap , i hope tomorrow will be better . 
 my first day here totally sucked big time . 
 chapter 3 after i finally convinced myself to get up and start a new day , we went to breakfast . 
 lotan had been watching me since last night , but made no attempt to confront me or anything . 
 that made two of us still trying to forget my custos dragging me away like a little girl . 
 idiot . 
 then it was time for `` class , '' as the girls put it . 
 basically , we all gathered in a theater type room , with vulcan talking in the front . 
 we began with a few laws that we needed to get into our skulls . 
 one law that said a male and female pair goes out in the field had me thinking for a while . 
 yesterday , i could n't help but notice that all the girls had a guy custos and the boys had a girl custos . 
 why on earth would they do that ? 
 would n't two girls get along much better than a grumpy old guy and a seventeen year old girl ? 
 `` may i ask a question ? '' 
 i asked vulcan , interrupting him while he was explaining a law to us . 
 `` of course , kas . 
 go ahead . '' 
 `` why do you pair girls with guy custos , and vice versa for the boys ? '' 
 i asked , watching kali turn around , looking at me with interest . 
 okay , so i 'm not the only one left in the dark here . 
 `` you are the first one in many years to ask that question . 
 out in the field we have various demons to destroy . 
 some are more powerful than others , some so powerful a single fallen can not withstand them . 
 many years ago , before the human 's 1300 's , we had a huge problem with two types of demons . 
 these two types still exist , and have become even more powerful than in those years . '' 
 `` they are able to trick a fallen into either killing their partner , or taking them into the underworld , never to return or be seen again . 
 we lost many before we could find a solution . 
 for example , your mother and father are a fighting pair . 
 they go out into the field and fight together . 
 if such a demon should cross their paths , one will be able to protect the other from the demon . 
 that is why we pair you with counter sex custos . 
 when you go out into the field with them for your final training , they will be able to protect you . 
 you , in return , would be able to either protect them or act to protect them . '' 
 okay , so clearly we are up against two demon types that not even the fallen could take on without each other 's help . 
 damn , that makes sense . 
 `` what would happen if a fighting pair crossed paths with two of these demons at the same time ? '' 
 juno asked , so serious that i almost had a déjà vu moment from chax . 
 oh yes , i forgot they are both vampires , not ` people ' people . 
 i wonder if they need to do the blood thing . 
 `` none have been able to defeat both of the demons at the same time . 
 they either die or are taken , '' vulcan replied , looking at her with the same serious face she had on permanently . 
 man , that 's a bummer . 
 so , pray you never get the two demons in one spot together , or you and your partner are so dead . 
 `` what do we call these demons ? '' 
 lada asked , leaning over the seat in front of her , very interested in the subject . 
 vulcan looked at us for a minute . 
 `` the female is called a haplai and the male chiddigul , '' he finished and kept his eyes on us . 
 some caught their breaths , a boy whistled , and another girl made a choking sound . 
 i looked at lada , not understanding what the big deal was . 
 yeah , sure we were dead if we were alone or came across both of them . 
 but at least we had a chance to take them on and get the hell out of there . 
 vulcan then turned around and finished the law he was busy with . 
 the rest of the class went by very quietly , everyone thinking over the discussion we had just had . 
 i just shrugged and paid attention to vulcan for the rest of the morning . 
 after we finally finished , we retired to the grub spot to get some food . 
 everyone walked in silence . 
 okay , so the discussion had everyone dumbstruck or something ? 
 i was just taking the first scoop of food and almost had it in my mouth , when lotan spoke behind me , scaring the jeepers out of me . 
 `` can i speak with you , kas ? '' 
 dropping the scoop of food , half in my plate and half out of it , i was instantly irritated by the guy . 
 hell , did n't he notice everyone was in a dark , gloom and doom moment ? 
 i turned around to face him , and only when i saw him up close , did i notice blue finger marks around his neck . 
 oh crap , i did n't mean to hurt him like that . 
 regret and shame taking place of my irritated moment , i replied to him , `` sure , let 's take the small table at the back . 
 will that be okay ? '' 
 `` yes , that will be fine , '' he said . 
 nodding to nanini and lada , we walked to the small table at the back that was always open because nobody liked it . 
 in school , this used to be my spot . 
 i took a seat and lotan took the one opposite me . 
 we sat in silence for a moment . 
 `` i 'm really sorry about yesterday . 
 i did n't mean to hurt you , '' i started , just to break the ice . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i have looked much worse than this before . 
 i should apologize for scaring you like that . 
 did n't mean to ; i 'm just used to all the rest going at me full steam that the bite back thing is pretty much built into me . 
 sorry , it wo n't happen again , '' he said looking at me the entire time . 
 he had the most beautiful blue eyes . 
 `` of course you have to do it again . 
 who else is going to teach me how to take down an impon ? '' 
 i said to him , smiling , and in return got a smile from him . 
 `` well then , i promise to start with small bites , '' he joked , taking a bite out of his steak . 
 laughing at his comeback , i put the first bite in my mouth and enjoyed it . 
 we talked through lunch , exchanging info and getting to know each other . 
 i must admit , he was really nice , a totally different person than yesterday in the arena . 
 no dangerous smiles , just good ones . 
 when we finished , we walked back to the kitchen and dropped our plates in the wash bin . 
 he led the way out of the grub spot , and headed for the entertainment room . 
 `` so , you got chax , hey ? '' 
 `` yeah , scares the hell out of me . '' 
 `` no kidding . 
 arianna used to be his apprendo . 
 she says that was the worst time in her life , but that she also would n't be what she is today if he did n't do what he did then . 
 he 's considered to be the best custos in the exsilium , and his apprendos are a sight in the field . '' 
 `` well , in that case , i 'll make sure to make enough memories to brag over in a few years , '' i replied , making him laugh . 
 `` greetings , kas , '' seth said , and i turned my head to the front to see him leaning on the wall next to the entertainment room . 
 `` hi , seth , you 're early today , '' i replied `` yes , thought i might catch you before chax starts his training . 
 would you mind if i borrow her for a while , lotan ? '' 
 he asked , smiling at me . 
 my heart skipped a beat . 
 `` no problem , see you later , kas , '' lotan greeted and walked into the room . 
 `` we 'll have to walk and talk , i 'm afraid . 
 lord chax is meeting me in the lobby , '' i said , gesturing to the front . 
 `` yes , of course . 
 i 'm glad to see you are still in one piece and walking . 
 i was worried that you might not have survived him . '' 
 `` believe me , if it was n't for lily and her amazing hands , i would n't be walking here next to you . '' 
 `` i 'm glad you had some help getting on your feet . 
 i take it the training was as brutal as chax himself ? '' 
 `` oh yeah , he really needs a new hobby . 
 he totally sucks at this one , '' i replied , making him laugh a little . 
 `` indeed , he is not a person you invite to a dinner party or something . 
 he 'll most likely kill the happy mood in the first minute , '' he said , making a face , and had me laughing . 
 `` i can just see that . 
 nope . 
 he 'll spoil everything , '' i replied as we reached the corner leading to the lobby . 
 we both stopped , knowing full well chax was waiting at the front door . 
 `` may i ask for some of your time tonight , after supper ? '' 
 he asked , looking at me with a sexy smile . 
 `` definitely , i 'll see you then , '' i replied , giving him a smile back . 
 come sore muscles and everything , i would n't miss out on this . 
 `` good , then i 'll see you tonight . 
 vale , kas , '' he greeted , and with a smile , turned around and walked back . 
 my heart was beating at a dangerous pace and it took me a minute or two to recompose myself . 
 the moment i walked into the lobby , chax was on my case . 
 `` i thought i made myself clear yesterday , or did my arrangement with you interrupt a moment in your life ? '' 
 `` i do n't need to declare my life to you . 
 are we training or what ? '' 
 i asked , so pissed off at him i felt like smacking him . 
 how dare he pull rank in my personal life . 
 i 'm not his daughter , thank god . 
 pissed off as usual , he got up , took two steps and grabbed my arm hard , shifting us to his training area at home . 
 the moment we hit the ground , he released me and walked over to a bench , removing his jacket . 
 rubbing my arm , i watched him as he turned and walked back to me . 
 my body went into full alert , and i prepared myself on the balls of my feet . 
 no way in hell am i taking his bull today . 
 he reached me and in a freaking fast movement , grabbed my arm again . 
 the next moment we were standing in absolute darkness . 
 he let go of me , and disappeared in silence . 
 i stood there , preparing myself for anything . 
 this guy is so not going to drop me today . 
 `` shifting takes a lot emotional energy from a fallen , '' he said , somewhere to my left . 
 i turned my head and tried to pinpoint his location . 
 `` to be able to shift anywhere in the world , you ca n't hesitate or be afraid . 
 there will be no time to anticipate a safe place . 
 you shift in the moment , '' he went on , this time on my right . 
 oh crap , he was stalking me and shifting while at it . 
 `` so , to help you get over it , you will avoid me by shifting , '' he continued , somewhere further away in front of me . 
 oh hell , he is really going to do it ! 
 turning in a slow circle , i tried to listen to any sound he might make . 
 but i only got a freaking push from behind that had me landing on all fours , my knees digging into a hard surface that felt like rock . 
 holy crap , i 'm in a freaking cave or something ! 
 the next moment he grabbed me around my shoulder and threw me straight into a wall , my head hitting it full force . 
 a scream escaped from my mouth . 
 slowly , i got up and braced myself against the wall . 
 `` let me guess , your mother spanked you as a little boy , and now you 're taking it out on anything female . 
 or is this your idea of getting a girl 's attention ? '' 
 i said , trying to provoke him into giving away his position . 
 the air hummed with movement , and i was slammed into the wall , his whole body trapping me , my face squished against the wall . 
 `` do n't try and analyze me . 
 i suggest you start avoiding me or there will be nothing left for seth to look at tonight , '' he growled , and for some strange reason i got goose bumps . 
 imagining my hellhound , i transformed just to feel him transform with me . 
 the moment i felt the transformation was completed , i pushed myself away from the wall , only to hit a solid chest at my back . 
 `` maybe you need some motivation , '' he whispered into my ear , and felt his breath on my neck . 
 every freaking vampire movie i had ever watched came crashing into my mind and i panicked . 
 my emotions went haywire , and i shifted out of his embrace to somewhere else in the cave . 
 `` you are such an ass ! '' 
 i yelled at him in a deeper voice , a growl escaping after the last word . 
 he just laughed . 
 i felt the air move in the cave so i shifted to another spot , trying to avoid him . 
 `` well done , some inspiration for a change . 
 almost thought i had a problem for the first time in my existence , '' he said , and the air moved again . 
 i did the same thing , ending up smacking into a wall , and then dropping to the floor . 
 damn , that hurt really bad . 
 lying on the floor , my head pounding from the impact , he was on top of me , grabbing my hands and pinning me down . 
 `` now you need to feel with your mind , to ensure you do n't end up smashing into a wall , giving them the opportunity to kill you , '' he instructed , his face pressed into mine . 
 i just struggled beneath him , trying to get out from under him . 
 i tried to shift , but i just could n't . 
 `` get . 
 off . 
 me ! '' 
 `` concentration is everything in our world , '' he replied , and then i felt his breath on my neck again , goose bumps breaking out everywhere his mouth moved . 
 concentrate for heaven 's sake , kas . 
 but no luck . 
 he kept breaking my concentration . 
 after a while of brushing his mouth on my neck he stopped , finally getting his huge body off me . 
 i laid there on the floor , gasping like a fish out of water , trying to calm down , but failing miserably . 
 i felt his hand on my knee and the next moment , light exploded in my eyes . 
 i had to use my hands to cover them from the impact . 
 tears started to roll down my cheeks , stinging my bruised cheeks along the way . 
 it took me a while before my eyes could open in the light . 
 i looked around to see i was at his house , on the grass outside , all alone . 
 i got up slowly and then looked at my knees . 
 blood covered my jeans . 
 then i looked at my hands , which were cut and bleeding as well . 
 i lifted my head and turned around , trying to find him but had no luck , so i walked up to the house , looking for him . 
 i went into every room i could find but he was gone . 
 just freaking great ! 
 first he beats me up , and then leaves me here all by myself . 
 this guy is such an ass ! 
 to hell with him , and i closed my eyes and shifted to my room in the hellhouse . 
 luckily the others were still busy with training so no one was there to see me all covered in my own blood . 
 i walked over to my closet and grabbed new clothes . 
 i stormed into the bathroom , and started undressing at a very slow pace . 
 every part of me was bruised ; my knees , hands , and face were bleeding like there was no tomorrow . 
 its official . 
 i 'm going to kill him . 
 at this rate i wo n't even have skin left at the end of training . 
 finally out of my clothing , i turned on the water and got in . 
 i braced myself against the wall , letting the water run down my back , and then my knees and hands . 
 i watched as the water swirling at the bottom stayed red from my blood . 
 after a while it started to clear , so i got to the very hard part of washing myself . 
 crap , the soap stings like salt ! 
 i hope he gets his ass kicked in the field ! 
 damn , this hurts . 
 after the shower i slowly dried myself off and got back into new clothes . 
 seething in residual anger , i walked down to the entertainment room , planted myself on the couch and switched over to mtv . 
 i sat there and tried to watch , but the only thing stuck in my brain was the part where he was breathing on my neck , moving his mouth over my skin . 
 why the hell would i find the whole thing so amusing ? 
 there was no way in hell i was going to let him do that to me again . 
 he can play his sick games with some other girl . 
 `` kas , are you okay ? '' 
 seth asked from behind me . 
 yeah , just what i need , the guy i 'm interested in seeing me totally messed up . 
 `` yeah , i 'm fine , '' i said , keeping my face on the tv . 
 i heard his footsteps move to my front and quickly tried to avert my face , but was stopped by his hand . 
 slowly , he turned my face to look at him , and the moment he saw my face , his changed into complete anger . 
 closing his eyes , he just stayed like that for a while . 
 i 'm going to kill chax for this ! 
 `` is it that bad ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i never looked in the mirror ; i was too pissed off at chax . 
 he lifted his head and looked at me . 
 `` come with me , '' he said , lifting me up with him . 
 he took my hand and led me down the hall and around a corner . 
 a few doors later , he stopped and opened one . 
 we walked inside to what looked like a medical room of sorts . 
 `` sit on the bed , '' he instructed , pointing to the bed . 
 i walked over to it , hopping on with my legs hanging over the edge to the floor . 
 he went to the wall unit and removed some cotton and a bottle of some liquid , then turned around , standing in front of me . 
 looking down , he dabbed a few drops from the bottle on the cotton and then looked at me . 
 `` this may sting a little , but will speed up your healing , '' he explained , and i nodded . 
 slowly and so gently , he dabbed the cotton on my cheek , looking at me the whole time without saying a word . 
 he went to my chin and lifted my head a little , making me look him in the eyes . 
 `` how did this happen ? '' 
 he asked , searching my face . 
 `` his idea of teaching shifting is taking a girl into a dark cave and then motivating her into shifting , '' i replied , my eyes locked to his . 
 `` yes , i believe arianna mentioned something like that to me once . 
 there are more suitable ways , but chax clearly has no feeling towards his apprendos . '' 
 `` at least i got it right for a while , at least until he pinned me down and i was unable to get out from under him , '' i said . 
 he closed his eyes again , locking his jaws . 
 he stopped nursing me and then opened his eyes and looked at me . 
 no words followed . 
 slowly , he moved in towards me , gently placing his mouth on mine . 
 my heart started to pound insanely , and i opened my mouth to take advantage of my first kiss . 
 our kiss deepened , and he moved his arms around me and pressed me to him . 
 i moaned and kissed him harder , desperate for more . 
 i wrapped my arms around his neck and held him to me . 
 this was everything i had ever dreamed about . 
 my body was humming and my heart pounding so hard i could feel it hit my ribs . 
 we kissed for a long time , and when we finally broke apart , we were both breathless . 
 he leaned his head to mine , still holding me , savoring the moment . 
 `` may i be your escort to the autumn ball ? '' 
 he asked me , still holding me close to him . 
 `` yes , that will be great , '' i answered , lifting my head to look at him . 
 we started kissing again , this time devouring each other . 
 after a while we stopped , and he helped me off the bed . 
 holding my hand , he led me to the stairs going up to our rooms . 
 `` i will release you from our prior arrangement for tonight . 
 go get supper and then get some rest in for tomorrow , '' he said , his eyes dancing with delight . 
 `` okay , '' i replied , and we quickly gave each other a good-bye kiss . 
 he released me and turned around , still smiling all the way . 
 i turned around , and headed up the stairs , feeling absolutely great after such a bad two days . 
 i came into the hall and passed everyone with a huge smile . 
 some looked at me like i was insane , and others just stared . 
 i walked into our room to find nanini and lada inside getting ready for supper . 
 `` hi guys , '' i greeted them , and planted myself on my bed . 
 they turned around and looked at me , confusion written all over their faces . 
 `` why on earth are you so happy when it looks like you had the crap beaten out of you ? '' 
 lada asked . 
 i just smiled and lay back on my pillows . 
 no way was i going to tell them i made out with nanini 's custos . 
 i 'll tell them later when my heart stops beating so fast . 
 `` oh hell , you made out with someone . 
 it 's written all over that smug look on your face ! '' 
 nanini said , and started to jump on the spot . 
 `` maybe , '' i replied , still smiling . 
 `` please tell me it was not the nutcase ? '' 
 lada whined , her face full of disgust . 
 `` are you crazy ? 
 i 'll kill him before i ever make out with him . 
 he 's an idiot ! '' 
 i replied , totally shocked to find the feeling of his mouth on my neck all of a sudden . 
 oh , that 's so gross ! 
 `` was it seth ? '' 
 nanini asked , jumping onto my bed , excited . 
 `` yes , and he asked to take me to the ball , '' i replied , still freaked out a little over the weird mouth feeling . 
 `` way out ! '' 
 lada said , getting up and smacking me on the shoulder . 
 `` you two are made for each other , '' she finished . 
 `` what was is like ? '' 
 nanini asked , and i turned to look at her with an atlantic-wide smile on my face . 
 `` it was wonderful . 
 no dream could even beat it , '' i replied , and then we went all crazy for the rest of the night . 
 the girls hammered me over seth , and i must admit it made me so excited to see him again . 
 we finished supper and hung out in the entertainment room . 
 we played a round of pool with lotan and another boy , who was interested in checking out my bruises the whole time . 
 after a while we all went upstairs and grabbed a bed , me drifting into sleep with seth on my mind . 
 damn , that guy can kiss . 
 chapter 4 morning came and went with vulcan giving us a morning filled with demons . 
 with each one he classified he also enlightened us on their strengths and weaknesses . 
 there are a lot of big scary ones we would have to face . 
 many of them were also hard to take down . 
 the only way of destroying a demon was by taking its head off . 
 the same goes for us . 
 we might be immortal when it comes to age and health , but all of us die in the end ; it was just a matter of how long you could survive . 
 after lunch , the girls and i were on our way to the entertainment room , or as nanini called it the `` the zone '' . 
 she really had a great imagination for the place . 
 walking up to the zone , we found seth leaning against the wall , waiting . 
 the moment i saw him , my heart started to pump double time . 
 `` afternoon , girls , '' he greeted , smiling at us , his eyes staying on me . 
 `` hi , '' we returned , and the two girls looked at me all smiles . 
 `` nanini , would you mind if i take a walk with kas to the front door ? '' 
 he asked her , and she grinned back . 
 `` no , you can take your time . 
 lada and i are going to go kick butt at the pinball machine , '' she said , and the two disappeared into the room . 
 `` come , i 'll walk you , '' he offered his hand . 
 i took it without even thinking twice and started to walk with him . 
 `` did you rest well ? '' 
 `` yes , thank you , and you ? '' 
 `` to the best of my ability . 
 arianna and i had field work in paris . '' 
 `` paris , that 's nice . 
 so , you and arianna are partners ? '' 
 i asked , jealousy rising within me . 
 wow . 
 this love thing is scary . 
 i never was a jealous person before . 
 `` yes , we have been for about seven years now , '' he explained with a smile . 
 `` i see . 
 how do you fit nanini and field service into one day ? 
 must be hectic . '' 
 `` yes , it is , but those who have apprendos make the sacrifice . 
 we learn how to cope with it . 
 that 's why we only train in the afternoons . 
 it gives us the opportunity to get some sleep . '' 
 `` ouch , does n't sound fair just to have , what , five hours of sleep ? '' 
 `` no , but you get used to it . 
 a single custos makes such a decision to give the pactum partners some time for a family . 
 a small price to pay for the survival of the fallen and mankind . '' 
 `` yeah , does n't sound bad if you put it like that , '' i replied , stopping at the corner leading to the lobby . 
 he released my hand and placed his hands on my hips , pulling me to him . 
 `` can i make a request ? '' 
 he asked , his mouth almost on mine . 
 `` yes , '' i answered , already breathing hard with anticipation . 
 `` try to stay safe . 
 i know it 's not really possible , but try . 
 seeing you hurt like yesterday makes me insane , '' he said , his mouth inches from mine . 
 i could feel his breath on my lips . 
 `` i 'll do my best , '' i promised , and pressed my mouth to his . 
 we kissed deeply , him placing one hand behind my neck and the other on my lower back ; mine were on his chest . 
 the kiss was so good , i melted in his arms , letting him take me away before my next punishment . 
 after a long while we released each other . 
 `` until tomorrow , kas , '' he greeted me with a last kiss . 
 turning around , he walked back to the zone , leaving me there breathless and staring after him until he was gone . 
 heavens , that guy can kiss . 
 turning around , i took a step into the lobby , straight into chax 's chest . 
 immediately i backed away and looked up at him . 
 `` if you 're done playing with seth , and ready to stop wasting my time , we can begin . '' 
 and then he shifted out . 
 why the hell must he always have something to say about me and seth ? 
 it 's not like i was late . 
 we left the grub spot early to get some rest in before training . 
 i see it 's going to be a long day , again . 
 i closed my eyes and used my newfound anger to shift to his garden . 
 i found him not only jacketless , but shirtless as well , in a pair of what looked like yoga pants , waiting in the middle of the arena . 
 `` today ! '' 
 he yelled at me , clearly pissed again . 
 so i quickly took off my jacket and dropped it on a small wall close by and joined him , waiting for him to do some crappy thing to me again . 
 `` fetch a weapon of your choice . '' 
 he gestured to the walls . 
 okay , did he lose his mind completely ? 
 i just stood there looking at him . 
 `` i 'm waiting , '' he continued , looking at me with his scowling face . 
 `` i do n't know anything about weapons . 
 a little help would be appreciated , '' i replied gently . 
 i did n't want to provoke him again . 
 maybe if i tried this approach , it would work out better . 
 he looked at me for a while and then turned around . 
 `` come . '' 
 he waved , walking to a wall full of weapons . 
 he then removed what looked like the fork-knifes elektra used in her movie , and turned around to give them to me . 
 `` they wo n't take off a head but can be used to pin it down for you to take its head , '' he explained , walking back to the middle of the arena . 
 i followed , looking at the two things in my hand . 
 i had no idea how to use the things , so i just stood there looking at him . 
 he drew in a breath and moved behind me and took my hand in his . 
 `` you have to hold them like this . 
 make sure the heaviest part of it stays in your palm . 
 the rest will counter itself out in your hand when you move it . '' 
 he was moving the fork things in my hands , spinning them , and i could feel the weight thing he was talking about . 
 as long as the heaviest part stayed in my palm i could move them around in one hand without dropping them . 
 `` good , now when you throw them , lock your two fingers in the grooves like this . '' 
 he moved my index and middle finger into the bending grooves that start off the fork . 
 `` then take your arm back like this . '' 
 he pulled back my arm , bending it at the elbow , and then brought it forward fast . 
 as my hand went forward i released my weapon and planted it inside a nearby tree . 
 wow , that felt good ! 
 never done it before , but man , it gets your blood pumping . 
 he walked over to the tree , retrieving the fork . 
 `` good , now practice on this wooden board over here . '' 
 he motioned to a big wooden board filled with marks from weapons hitting it over and over again . 
 he reached me and placed the fork in my hand , stepping back to give me some space . 
 i started the swinging movement again , this time using both hands , and just like that i had it . 
 i then withdrew my arm , aimed and threw it straight into the board . 
 moving quickly , i threw the other one and it landed almost at the same spot . 
 grinning , i looked at him . 
 `` excellent , you handle them very well . 
 now , let 's get some swords to practice with , '' he said , walking over to the wall . 
 i followed , playing with the fork knives in my hands . 
 i stopped the moment i saw him standing and waiting for me to stop playing . 
 i handed over the weapons for him to replace them on the shelf . 
 keeping my eyes on him , i saw him taking down a sword that looked like a cross between a samurai and an old knight 's sword . 
 `` it is very effective and sharp as hell , so do n't fool around with it , '' he instructed , placing it in my hands . 
 i looked at the shining blade and smiled . 
 it felt good in my hands , and i really liked the blade . 
 it was shiny at the top with a darker metal at the edge . 
 engraved into the metal were the words in dea speramus , which meant `` in god we trust '' . 
 smiling , i looked up to find him staring at me . 
 i recomposed myself , turned around , and walked back to the middle of the arena . 
 i stopped and turned back to see him removing a very big sword from the wall and then walking back to me . 
 my heart started pounding in my chest , even worse than when i saw the shark teeth in lotan 's mouth . 
 he 's going to cut me into pieces today . 
 there goes the `` i 'll try my best '' part i said to seth . 
 crap ! 
 he came to stop in front of me , his sword hanging next to him . 
 `` relax , kasadya . 
 i wo n't hurt you . 
 it 's to show you how to move and use yours . 
 then we will start off slowly with some sparring , '' he said , smiling at me . 
 oh boy , i still do n't trust him . 
 for the past two days i have ended up really hurt . 
 i ca n't help but feel this is so not a good idea . 
 he then moved his sword up above his head , stopping in the air . 
 `` look at my movements , and then repeat them with your sword . '' 
 he moved back a step , and then moved the sword slowly for me to see each movement he made with it . 
 bummer , i got the warrior god with an attitude problem . 
 what a shame . 
 first he moved so gracefully , and then he slammed over to brutal force . 
 i was transfixed by him and found myself looking at his chest , watching how his muscles moved with him . 
 shaking my head , i turned to start the movement . 
 okay , i 'm going insane . 
 why on earth would i be looking at his freaking chest and muscles , when i just kissed a really hot guy a few moments ago ? 
 i think i need to ask lily to withdraw stuff like this from my brain . 
 no wait . 
 that will be so embarrassing . 
 just push it down , kas . 
 i repeated the movement to the letter and then looked over to find him standing there , looking at my body and not my hands . 
 my freaking body did the goose bumps again . 
 for heaven 's sake , ca n't i have one normal day , just freaking one ! 
 i moved out of the stance and turned to face him . 
 he snapped out of it and looked at me . 
 `` good , now the next move . '' 
 again , my eyes wandered off from his hands to his freaking chest . 
 irritated with myself , i started to do the move before he was even finished . 
 trying to push my undesired reaction out of me , i did the move and even more . 
 the next thing i knew , he was in front of me , his sword drawn to attack . 
 he swung his sword , and i countered it with mine . 
 adrenalin spiking , we went at it full force , me handling the whole thing like i had been doing it for years . 
 i watched his face and he watched mine . 
 i caught his movements from the corner of my eyes and then countered them . 
 a few blocks and jabs later , he started to smile at me , and that made me even madder . 
 our battle lasted for what seemed like hours , and we gave each other hell the entire time . 
 we stopped when the orange and purple horizon made it difficult to see each other 's swords . 
 we stood there breathing hard and just watching each other without a word . 
 after we recovered enough to breathe correctly he walked over to me , taking the sword from my hands , his eyes never leaving mine . 
 `` good work , kasadya . 
 you have a natural talent for weapons , '' he complimented as he turned around and walked over to the wall , placing the swords back on their places . 
 i just stood there , still pissed at him and myself . 
 why on earth do i do this to myself ? 
 i have a really hot guy kissing me into obviation , and then i ca n't keep my eyes of the ass teaching me . 
 fury pounding through me , i shifted back to my room without even a thanks or good-bye . 
 lada and nanini jumped from my shift , totally taken by surprise . 
 `` hell , kas ! 
 you 'll give me a heart attack ! '' 
 lada yelled and grabbed her chest . 
 `` sorry , '' i replied , and went straight for my closet , grabbed some clothes and stormed into the bathroom . 
 i undressed and went into the shower . 
 standing there , i let the water run down my face . 
 the whole time i had conflicting thoughts from the great kiss seth and i shared , to the great sparring session i just completed with chax . 
 frustrated , i finished my shower and got dressed . 
 i stood in front of the mirror looking at myself . 
 why would i feel so good about my session with chax ? 
 is it because we finally shared something without any bad after effects ? 
 i needed to clear my thoughts and get my head on straight again . 
 so i decided to break a house rule and shifted out , landing in the middle of the busy main street of exsilium . 
 i walked down the street , still thinking about everything . 
 when i had my bearings back again , i saw that i was far away from the main street and in a street filled with houses and apartment buildings . 
 `` stuff it , '' i said , and just kept on walking . 
 after an hour or so , i stopped and took in my surroundings . 
 i was in some park , no one in site . 
 oh , yeah , i forgot they are all out in the field serving , or in the normal world raising their children . 
 i went over to sit on a bench near a fountain , and looked at the water splashing in the moonlight . 
 after a while , i forgot about my whole world of chaotic thoughts . 
 the air around me stirred and i knew someone was shifting in close by . 
 i closed my eyes and hoped it was n't someone looking for me . 
 `` vulcan notified me that you shifted out the house without permission , '' chax said from behind me . 
 oh , just great . 
 `` yeah , i needed some space , '' i replied , still looking at the water moving in the moonlight . 
 `` you are not allowed to shift out of the house without permission . '' 
 `` yeah , got that part the first time , so sue me , '' i threw back . 
 he just remained silent for a while . 
 go pick on someone else ! 
 but , like always , he just had to go on . 
 `` come , you need to return , '' he continued and walked to block my view of the water . 
 `` i am capable of shifting on my own , as you can see . 
 i do n't need your help . 
 i 'll go back on my own , '' i said with a sneer , my eyes going to the ground . 
 i did n't need another relapse of this afternoon . 
 `` now , kasadya , '' he demanded , and moved so quickly i did n't even have a chance of dodging him . 
 the moment he touched me he shifted us to the lobby in the hellhouse . 
 enraged with him , i ripped my arm out of his grip , turned around , and started walking . 
 i hit the stairs and the next moment i was pushed into the wall , chax blocking me in again . 
 `` let go of me ! 
 i 'm back , are n't i ? '' 
 `` you need to get your attitude adjusted . 
 you think this world will be gracious with you ? 
 no , it wo n't . 
 obey the rules , understand ? '' 
 `` yeah , now let me go , '' i said , pissed off , looking him straight in his eyes . 
 he looked back at me with the same seething look and then released me . 
 stepping back , he shifted out . 
 i could n't even go somewhere on my own without his ass showing up and spoiling everything . 
 i continued up the stairs into the hall . 
 walking to our room , i noticed that everyone had already retired for the night . 
 so i silently walked in our room , got my pj 's on , and got in the bed . 
 sleep only came about two hours later , but at least it did . 
 *** my dream started so good . 
 seth and i were lying on the grass , talking and enjoying each other . 
 then the sky turned dark and i could feel the grass below me harden . 
 i turned my head to see that the beautiful grass was dead now , and then looked around to see all the other plants were dead as well . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 i asked seth , and turning my head , looked into a demon 's face , smiling down at me . 
 `` you will be joining us soon , hellhound . 
 the underworld awaits you , '' he said and leaned in to kiss me . 
 he had red eyes , grayish rough skin and long black hair . 
 now , in the normal world , i would have pushed him off me and made like a cheetah to get away from him . 
 but in this weird dream , i kissed him back , enjoying every moment of it . 
 i could feel its rough skin on my cheek , and i freaking moaned when its tongue touched mine . 
 his hands moved over my stomach , and i lifted myself into them , wanting to feel them on me . 
 okay , it was officially not a dream anymore ; it was a freaking nightmare ! 
 `` good , my hellhound . 
 soon you will enjoy my touch , '' he continued and kissed me again . 
 i tried to scream but my dream body just kissed him back . 
 omg ! 
 someone please wake me up ! 
 *** `` kas , wake up , man ! '' 
 i heard nanini , grabbed the lifeline , and flew awake . 
 i was gasping like a fish out of water . 
 she and lada were sitting on my bed , looking at me with concern . 
 `` you okay , kas ? '' 
 lada asked , looking me up and down , trying to find the problem . 
 `` yeah , just had a really bad nightmare , '' i replied and placed my head in my hands , trying to get the freaking picture out of it . 
 `` man , you were screaming and moaning and stuff , '' nanini pitched in , sitting still for a change . 
 embarrassed , i just put my head back into my hands . 
 no way in hell was i going to tell them about me making out with a demon . 
 `` you want to talk about it ? '' 
 lada asked , and i felt her hand on my shoulder . 
 pull it together , kas . 
 i raised my head to look at the two of them . 
 `` na , do n't worry . 
 it was just a dream , '' i soothed with a forced smile . 
 `` well , at least it 's morning , so no worries about sleep , '' nanini said , gesturing to our window where the first sunbeams peeked in . 
 `` yeah , i 'll take on chax any day before another nightmare like that , '' i replied and lifted the covers off me to start a new day of my freaking cursed life . 
 chapter 5 with the dream still bugging me , i was sitting in vulcan 's class trying to listen to the latest demon 's strengths . 
 but i had a really hard time concentrating . 
 why would a demon be in my dream ? 
 what did it mean by ` soon ? ' 
 i played his words over and over in my mind . 
 after an impossibly long morning , we had lunch and were walking to the zone , or at least the girls were . 
 i had to go straight to chax again . 
 `` you are very quiet today , kas . 
 everything okay ? '' 
 lada asked , stopping me with her hand . 
 i looked up at her and saw that i was starting to bug them out with my internal battle . 
 `` yes , just thinking . 
 that 's all , but i 'll stop now . 
 promise , '' i replied , smiling at her to alleviate her concern . 
 `` okay , but if you need to talk , we 're here . 
 okay ? '' 
 she said , patting my arm . 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 do n't worry ; i 'm okay . 
 i just have a problem shutting my brain down today . 
 trust me , in a few minutes chax will kick it back into place for me , '' i reassured them and they both laughed , returning the mood to normal . 
 we continued walking to the zone only to find seth and chax having a talk at the door . 
 the moment they spotted us , they stopped and turned to look at us . 
 `` afternoon , girls , '' seth said in greeting . 
 chax only stood there with his arms crossed over his chest . 
 could n't even greet someone like a normal person . 
 `` hi , '' the girls greeted them and went straight into the zone . 
 yeah , do n't blame them . 
 this looked like a situation i did n't even want to be in . 
 `` hi seth , chax , '' i murmured , smiling at seth and nodding at chax . 
 `` i 'll leave you to your apprendo , chax . 
 see you later , kas , '' seth said and went in , leaving me with chax . 
 `` today we are going to train with the others in the arena . 
 come , you 'll have a chance to warm up before the others get there , '' he said and gestured for me to follow him . 
 i walked behind him the whole way , looking at his back . 
 we made it to the arena and he stopped at the first circle , turning to look at me . 
 `` we will start with some sparring , '' he explained and took a stance . 
 i sighed and moved to stand in front of him . 
 `` transform , '' he instructed , and then transformed himself . 
 i closed my eyes and opened them with my fallen body ready for action . 
 he looked at me and then took the first step , going for me with a kick . 
 i blocked his leg with my arm , and moved forward to punch him . 
 but he just swiped my hand away and turned to bring up his other leg . 
 i brought up my arms , blocking his kick again , pain shooting through them with the impact . 
 he moved so fast , and the next moment was at my back , grabbing my wings . 
 the moment he had them , i froze on the spot . 
 instinct told me that this was my weakness , and trying to rip out of his hold would only leave me bleeding and in pain . 
 `` you must protect your wings at all times . 
 the moment someone gets their hands on them , you 'll end up in a really bad situation . 
 and usually that ends with your head landing on the ground . 
 concentrate and you 'll find that your wings have built in sensors . 
 you will feel someone near them . 
 pull them in close to your back and step aside to avoid them getting their hands on them , '' he explained while releasing them and going to stand in front of me again . 
 okay , they have sensors . 
 let 's see if this works . 
 we started again . 
 a few punches and kicks later , he was at my back again . 
 but this time i felt the moment he was moving at my side and closed my wings , keeping them tight to my back . 
 i turned to continue the sparring . 
 `` good , now try and use them to help you fight . 
 just make sure i do n't get my hands on them , '' he said , still punching and trying to take me to the ground . 
 he bent down , leaning on his hand , and swept his leg to mine , trying to knock them out from under me . 
 but i lifted myself up with my wings at the last moment and then spread them , hitting him in the face the moment he got up . 
 rubbing the spot where my wing 's tip hit him , he smiled and moved again , this time sliding between the gap in my legs . 
 before i could turn to face him , he had my wings where they came out between my shoulders . 
 i froze for a second , and then opened them and flung them closed , hitting his face in the process . 
 he released them and i continued the fight . 
 we stopped when we heard the first voice coming from inside the door leading to the arena . 
 `` good , do n't forget what i said . 
 today you take on a werewolf , '' he told me and went to stand outside the circle . 
 crossing his arms in front of his chest , he looked at the others approaching us . 
 okay , so i get a werewolf today . 
 it ca n't be that bad . 
 i turned to look at the others , seth 's face making me smile and his smiling back in return . 
 then i saw nina and her custos heading for my circle and my smile dropped . 
 oh no , not one of the divas ! 
 nina walked up to me , her face full of absolute hatred . 
 not a very happy person , is she ? 
 she turned and took a fighting stance in front of me , transforming into one hell of a big wolf . 
 crap ! 
 i 'm so dead ! 
 still in hellhound form , i braced myself , preparing for anything from this girl . 
 she did n't look like the type to announce her attack . 
 she had a snout like a wolf . 
 her eyes also turned yellow with big black pupils . 
 hell , she had a set of teeth only seen in movies . 
 i had a feeling this was going to hurt like hell . 
 her entire body was covered with brown fur . 
 basically , she looked like all the werewolves i had seen in the movies , just way bigger . 
 then she leaned back on her feet and burst forward . 
 the moment she was a step from me , i side stepped her , sending her straight into chax and her own custos . 
 they all landed on the ground , but she was up and charging at me again in no time . 
 i was too slow and she rammed into me like a bull , lifting me up and then bringing me down to the ground hard . 
 i felt my breath leave me . 
 at the moment of impact , a small scream escaped without my permission , and then i saw her teeth heading my way . 
 oh , hell no ! 
 not this again . 
 do i have a ` bite me ' sign on my forehead ? 
 i grabbed her throat and squeezed as hard as i could , her eyes trained on me while she snapped her snout open and shut in an attempt to bite me . 
 i just hung on for dear life . 
 no way was she sinking that set of teeth into me . 
 she started to wheeze and i knew that she was running out of air . 
 the moment i felt her body start to go limp , i slammed her with my head , throwing her off me to land hard on the ground . 
 jumping up , i moved back , creating space between us . 
 okay , lesson one . 
 never give a werewolf enough room to build up speed . 
 ends very bad . 
 she got up and started to growl like a wolf . 
 okay , now she is really pissed . 
 nice going kas . 
 she stormed again , but this time she could n't build enough momentum to give her a boost . 
 when she was only a step from me , i stepped forward and brought my arm up with a fist straight into her face . 
 she went flying to the left with the impact and grabbed her face . 
 okay , i think i 've got the hang of it now . 
 game on . 
 i did n't give her the opportunity to regroup . 
 stepping forward , i brought up my knee , smashing her in the face again . 
 her head went backwards with the impact , but i was not done . 
 i grabbed the fur of her chest and brought her to her feet . 
 dazed , and with her head still hung back , i used my wings to lift both of us up in the air , and then slammed down with her below me . 
 her breath slammed out of her this time . 
 she screamed and lay there motionless . 
 nice , i think i made my point . 
 i got up and started to walk to chax , a grin on my face . 
 i really expected him to at least show some sort of emotion , but he just stood there looking at me . 
 the next thing i knew , i picked up movement behind me with my wings ' sensors . 
 i turned just in time to see a huge wolf slam into me once again . 
 crap , what do i need to do to keep her down ? 
 again , i used my hands to keep her mouth away from me . 
 her snout was snapping like a rabies-infested dog in my face , drool dropping on my cheek . 
 oh , this is so gross . 
 i tried to move my arms in to get her off but could n't . 
 `` concentrate , '' chax said , and then my brain clicked in . 
 okay . 
 the cave thing . 
 i need to concentrate . 
 i closed my eyes and focused on the space behind her , and would n't you believe it , i shifted out from under her . 
 now standing behind her , i looked at her , confused over the empty space in front of her . 
 i grabbed her by the shoulders , digging in my nails , and using my wings , i lifted up and flipped over her . 
 taking her from a bent down position to her feet , i threw her over me . 
 she flew through the air and landed on the ground with force . 
 she skidded all the way to someone 's feet , and then stopped dead . 
 but i learned lesson two today : never turn your back on your opponent . 
 so i walked over to her , bent down and picked up her head , looking her in the eye . 
 i had my fist ready on the other arm , just in case she did a `` pop goes the weasel '' move on me . 
 oh yeah , she was really lights out , not even a stir . 
 but still i stood up and just looked at her , my sight catching the pair of feet of the person she skidded to . 
 i looked up and found seth looking at me with a huge smile . 
 `` well done , kas , '' he said , and nanini started jumping up and down next to him . 
 `` you so kicked her hairy butt ! '' 
 she yelled , delighted at the whole thing . 
 smiling , i looked down at nina , who now lay in her normal form . 
 her custos came to stand next to me . 
 without a word , he picked her up and walked off . 
 i kept my eyes on them and then turned to chax , who was smiling at me . 
 proud of me , perhaps ? 
 yeah , a girl can dream . 
 `` come , your next opponent waits , '' he demanded and walked by me . 
 i followed him with my eyes as he went to stand next to seth , who was also still smiling at me . 
 then my brain kicked in again . 
 oh hell no , not nanini . 
 there is no way in hell i 'm hurting her like that . 
 `` no , '' i said , shaking my head and turning around , changing back to normal . 
 `` is there a problem , kasadya ? '' 
 chax asked me . 
 `` yes , there is no way in hell i 'm hurting her like that , so no , '' i replied , turning around to face him . 
 `` kas , i promise you that nanini would be able to handle sparring with you , '' seth said , still smiling . 
 `` i said no . 
 pick someone else . '' 
 `` there is no one else , kasadya . 
 now stop wasting time and fall in , '' chax commanded , his pissed off face back . 
 `` no , '' i said again , taking a stand against him and seth on this one . 
 `` it 's okay , kas . 
 i can handle it , '' nanini reassured me , jumping on the spot . 
 i just looked at her . 
 she was so small and petite . 
 no way in hell can i do it . 
 i turned around to walk away from this . 
 `` remember what i said . 
 if you ca n't survive here , you die out there . 
 will you leave nanini to such a fate ? '' 
 chax asked , and had me stopping on the spot . 
 `` if she ca n't handle you here , she will die out there , '' he went on , and at that i turned around and looked at them , my heart torn . 
 i know she needs the experience , but how can i hurt her ? 
 `` this will be good for her , '' seth said , his smile gone and replaced by sympathy . 
 drawing in a breath , i walked back to them , my head down . 
 `` fine , i 'll spar but no rough stuff . 
 the others can hurt her , but i wo n't . '' 
 so i walked over to stand off against her . 
 on the other side she turned pink and started jumping on the spot . 
 `` this is going to be so fun , '' she said , delighted . 
 i do n't think so , i thought , still pissed at chax and seth for making me do this . 
 i transformed and waited for her to do something . 
 jumping on the spot , she suddenly moved and blasted me with her pink light , hitting me in the torso . 
 i bent over from the hit . 
 oh that hurts , really bad . 
 `` focus , kasadya , '' chax advised from behind me . 
 yeah , easy for you to say ! 
 she is n't your petite little roommate , and one of only two friends you have here . 
 bringing myself up straight again , she was in the air and moving toward me . 
 i just stepped to the side at the last moment , and she flew into chax and seth , taking them with her . 
 i stood there smiling ; payback was so much fun . 
 they got up and chax looked at me with anger rolling off of him in waves . 
 seth just smiled and helped nanini up . 
 she shook her head and then returned to the circle , and we started the whole thing again . 
 and we kept it up for a while . 
 i avoided her the entire time without even trying to attack her once . 
 `` okay girls , that 's it for the day , '' seth said from the side and we stopped , nanini dropping to the ground totally wasted . 
 she had given her everything to try to hit me and it did n't work out too well for her . 
 at least she had no adrenalin left . 
 `` come on , '' i said , walking over to her and offering my hand to help her up . 
 `` that was so unfair . 
 you kept dodging me the whole time , '' she complained as she grabbed my hand and i pulled her up . 
 `` i said no way in hell would i hurt you , and i meant it , '' i replied , and patted her on the back . 
 i turned around only to see chax walking away from us . 
 i looked at seth who just shrugged his shoulders . 
 `` i am so not getting into his good books anytime soon , '' i said , and walked over to seth with nanini dragging along behind me . 
 we walked slowly back to the house and helped nanini all the way to the zone , where she planted herself on the couch . 
 `` i see my apprendo does n't have an adrenalin disorder for the rest of the day . 
 something new for you to discover , '' seth told her , as we stood there looking at nanini , now totally wasted . 
 she remained still without any comeback . 
 `` mind if kas and i leave you here to get back your spunk ? '' 
 seth asked her , looking at me with a smile . 
 `` no , you can go . 
 i 'm not moving here for a long while , she replied from beneath her arm , which was lying over her head . 
 seth motioned for me to follow him . 
 we left and walked down the hall that led to the front lobby . 
 `` she needed that . 
 thanks , kas , '' seth said . 
 `` yeah , i 'd rather waste her adrenalin before i hurt her like nina , '' i replied , smiling back . 
 `` you interested in a walk in the gardens ? '' 
 he asked , gesturing to a door when we reached it . 
 `` did n't even know we had any , '' i answered , laughing a little , and walked out the door with him . 
 outside was a beautiful garden with fountains and statues scattered around . 
 i walked over to the red roses and held one in my hand without breaking it off . 
 it was so beautiful , with a drop of water on a petal to give it that extra spark . 
 `` so , what do you think ? 
 it 's vulcan 's hobby , '' he said , gesturing his hand over the scene . 
 `` no way in hell ! 
 vulcan ? '' 
 `` yes , unbelievable , but he is quite the artist when it comes to gardens . 
 like your mother , his ability is earth , so he can basically turn the whole garden around in one day . '' 
 `` so that 's how my mom got to be a landscape specialist . 
 no wonder . '' 
 but thinking back , our own garden was always perfect . 
 it was her special place to wander around in . 
 `` you should have seen her and vulcan fighting here every night , the one moving in on the other 's creation . 
 we used to come and sit here to watch them fight and try to outdo each other . '' 
 `` i can imagine that . 
 my mom is always right , no matter what , and i think vulcan is the same , at least from what i have seen so far . '' 
 `` oh yes , it 's a specialty in the earth fae . 
 just like vampires , they have developed a personality to fit the job and in this case , it 's stubbornness , '' he replied , laughing . 
 we stopped at a fountain and i turned to look at him . 
 he came to stand in front of me and placed his hands on my hips . 
 `` i must admit , you 're becoming a distraction for me , '' he whispered into my ear as he leaned his head close to mine . 
 `` yeah , why would that be ? '' 
 i teased him . 
 `` when i see you , i forget what i wanted to do , and i find myself constantly thinking about you , which is a first for me . '' 
 `` that 's good , because you do the same to me , '' i replied and pulled his head to mine to kiss him . 
 again , my world exploded the moment our mouths touched , and when i felt his tongue against mine , i gave a soft moan , pleased beyond words . 
 he moved his hands down my back , and then placed them on my bottom , pressing me into him . 
 oh my soul , this feels so good . 
 i sucked in breath to try and stop another moan . 
 he smiled against my mouth and brought his hands to rest on my hips . 
 i left one of my hands on his chest while the other moved over him , feeling his perfect body beneath . 
 describing the emotions that go through your heart with such passion was n't easy . 
 i felt excited , yet shy . 
 his scent was intoxicating , like oranges , making me want to breathe him in . 
 and yet i struggled to take a breath . 
 as his hands moved over me , i hummed to life , buzzing from his touch . 
 his hand moved to my back and he pressed me to him once more . 
 his body against mine felt so good . 
 `` ahem . '' 
 someone cleared their throat behind us , and we broke apart . 
 i was blushing , bright red from being caught in the moment by someone . 
 `` seth , we have a situation . 
 the council calls , '' vulcan said turning around and walking off . 
 oh man , that 's just great . 
 now he knows too . 
 not that i was ashamed , but hell , this was a first for me , in all things having to do with the male sex . 
 i looked up at seth and saw him smiling down at me . 
 `` bellus , kas , beyond words , '' he said and folded his arms around me again . 
 `` thanks , '' i replied , moving my mouth slowly over his , not kissing , just teasing . 
 `` i have to go . 
 i 'll see you tomorrow ? '' 
 he asked , his mouth slowly brushing mine in return , a smile on his face . 
 man , his mouth is so divine . 
 so beautiful and wow , can it kiss . 
 `` yes , '' i answered , almost breathless from excitement again , and he kissed me to make it even worse . 
 a few seconds later we broke apart and he moved his thumb across my cheek , pressing a kiss to my head . 
 `` caveo mea cor , '' he whispered and turned around , walking to the house . 
 my heart was still pounding in my chest like a jackhammer . 
 he really had a talent of leaving me shaken . 
 i sat on the bench for a while , looking at the beautiful garden . 
 before this , i always wondered what it would be like to love and be loved . 
 never in my wildest dreams did i think it would be like this . 
 he was gentle with me , the way he touched me let me feel cherished , not at all what i had seen at school . 
 those guys were grabbing the girls like they were a drug . 
 i remembered once , i found a couple kissing behind the bleachers , and the guy was holding her neck at an impossible angle , completely dominating her . 
 i so did n't want to be dominated ; i wanted to be loved . 
 it felt that way with seth . 
 no urgency , just enjoyment of every second . 
 my brooding over seth was broken by a girl 's giggle and i turned around to see who was so happy . 
 would n't you believe it , there was lada kissing the hell out of lotan . 
 oh yeah , she had some explaining to do after this . 
 seeing that the two of them were getting really frisky with the kissing thing , i decided to slip away and leave them to their business . 
 i 'd torment her about it later . 
 i slipped past a bunch of roses and walked to the front door . 
 entering the lobby , i stopped in my tracks . 
 kali and chax were standing there in what looked like a lover 's embrace . 
 his arms blocking her in and their heads inches from each other 's . 
 oh , no way in hell ! 
 wait , this actually made sense . 
 yep , grumpy and his evil snow white , perfect for each other . 
 then they both noticed me and turned their eyes on me , chax backing away from her at the same time . 
 `` sorry . 
 tried to avoid another situation outside . 
 i 'll get out of your way , '' i said , moving past them up the stairs so fast i was in the hall in four seconds flat . 
 oh man , that was going to give me nightmares tonight . 
 chapter 6 `` come on , kas . 
 wake up , '' i heard nanini say , and opened my eyes to see my dream interrupter . 
 `` i 'm awake . 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 i asked , wondering why she was waking me up . 
 `` it 's our day off . 
 come , get up , and get dressed . 
 everyone 's waiting , '' she replied and turned around , bouncing her way back to her bed . 
 i sat up and looked around . 
 lada was in the bathroom and now nanini was busy fixing up her bed . 
 `` everyone 's waiting for what ? '' 
 i asked , confused . 
 `` it 's our day off , so we get to have some fun . 
 the others are all getting dressed . 
 here , put this on , '' she said , throwing me two pieces of clothing . 
 i grabbed them and held them in my hands only to discover that they were a bikini . 
 she wants me to wear a bikini in late autumn ? 
 the temperature had already started to drop to such a degree that we had to wear jackets all the time . 
 had she lost her mind ? 
 `` um , nanini , why would i need to put on a bikini in this weather ? '' 
 `` chill . 
 it 's one of lada 's , so it will fit . 
 and to answer your question , we are going swimming today , '' she answered with a grin on her face . 
 `` are you freaking crazy ? 
 we 'll freeze our butts off ! '' 
 `` do n't worry about our butts , kas . 
 i have that covered . 
 just get up and get into that . '' 
 she grinned , and then returned to her cleaning up job . 
 i got up and looked at the bikini again . 
 i 'm going to freeze my butt off today , most likely ending up going into hypothermia . 
 i placed the bikini on the bedside table and then started to fix my bed . 
 i had just finished when lada came out of the bathroom wearing a bikini top and `` badgirl '' swim pants , shaking like a chihuahua . 
 `` nanini , you better get a move on . 
 i 'm dying here , '' she complained . 
 she walked up to her closet , removed a jacket , and put it on . 
 `` okay , i 'll quickly change and then you 're up , kas , '' nanini replied , rushing into the bathroom . 
 i looked at lada , who was sitting on her bed , shaking like hell . 
 this is nuts . 
 who goes swimming in weather like this ? 
 `` did she lose her mind somewhere i should know about ? '' 
 i asked lada . 
 `` nope , she always has a plan for our off days , and it looks like swimming is on her to do list . 
 the others actually love her brainwaves when it comes to our off days . 
 she has a way of really keeping you entertained , '' lada replied , teeth chattering and her face almost blue . 
 `` okay , i get that part , but explain to me how we are going swimming without ending up like frozen lollipops ? '' 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i 've got a feeling she has that covered . 
 the hard part is just to get vulcan 's okay , but she can be very persuasive . '' 
 shaking my head , i turned around and walked to my closet . 
 i picked up a sweater and a long sleeve shirt , and then grabbed a pair of pants . 
 no way was i walking around like lada , freezing my butt off . 
 maybe nanini was planning on going to a warm place , but i did n't think vulcan would let us shift outside exsilium . 
 nope , do n't think so . 
 the bathroom opened and nanini strolled out wearing the same type of outfit lada was , her smile almost stretching past her ears . 
 `` you 're up , kas . 
 hurry up . 
 time 's wasting , '' she said and started to jump on the spot , but this time i did n't think it was her adrenalin . 
 shaking my head , i went into the bathroom and got dressed . 
 a few minutes later , i was standing in the hall , looking at everyone shaking like mad , even the divas . 
 nanini took the lead down the stairs and we all followed . 
 she steered us straight into vulcan 's office , where we all squeezed in . 
 he was sitting behind his desk looking at us with a smile , until his eyes finally rested on nanini . 
 `` so , to what do i owe the pleasure ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` we need an okay from you today , to go have some fun , '' nanini replied , jumping on the spot . 
 `` where will this fun take place ? '' 
 he asked , his smile growing . 
 `` at the beach , '' she answered , giving him a wicked smile filled with mischief . 
 `` what about the weather , nanini ? '' 
 he questioned her , looking at us standing there shaking our butts off . 
 `` got that covered for the day . 
 i also need an okay to go visit my dad , '' she replied , looking at me with a grin . 
 okay , why would she want to see her dad , and how the hell does she have the weather covered ? 
 `` granted , but you will all return before sunset and if anyone shifts out of exsilium , i will revoke your off day . 
 understand ? '' 
 we all agreed to the terms . 
 he then stood up and walked to stand in front of us . 
 `` get some stuff from the kitchen , '' he said and gestured to the door . 
 nanini grabbed him and gave him a hug . 
 shocked , i looked at them . 
 he was totally cool with it ; i have a feeling this is not the first stunt nanini has pulled . 
 we all left his office and gathered in the hallway . 
 `` okay , guys , you get the food and drinks , and kas and lada will go with me to see my dad . 
 we will meet you at the beach . 
 do n't forget the root beer , '' she said before offering her hands to lada and me . 
 lada smiled and took her hand , so i did the same . 
 we shifted into a house with a hippie kind of vibe . 
 we heard a voice in the house , and nanini jumped into action . 
 `` daddy ! '' 
 she yelled and sprinted out of the room . 
 lada and i followed her into a kitchen to find a man hugging her . 
 `` oh , my filiola , we missed you so much , '' the man said , hugging her like someone he had n't seen in ages . 
 we only get to see our parents once a month , and i think it may have been too long for these two . 
 `` i missed you guys too . 
 daddy , we need a huge favor from you , '' nanini said , releasing him , looking into his sparkling eyes . 
 `` i see . 
 you had one of your brainwaves again ? '' 
 `` always . 
 we are going to the beach today and hanging out there ; it 's our off day . 
 but we are going to freeze . '' 
 `` i see , and you would like to have a pleasant day , i guess ? '' 
 he asked , laughing at her . 
 `` yes . 
 please , daddy . 
 it 's just for the day , i promise . '' 
 `` okay , come walk with me , '' he replied , gesturing to the doorway . 
 we followed him and nanini outside where he went to stand in the garden . 
 he raised his hand in the air and stood there like a statue . 
 okay , this is too cool ! 
 her dad can manipulate the weather ? 
 on that final thought , i felt the air around us turning warmer , until it was as hot as a summer 's day . 
 i had to remove my jacket at the sudden rise of temperature , and still felt the heat under my clothes . 
 so that was why everyone was wearing swimsuits in fall . 
 lada and nanini were n't having the problem i was ; they were dressed cool and ready for the warm day . 
 `` there you go , my love , '' he said and turned around , opening his arms to hug her again , and she jumped into them . 
 `` oh , thank you , daddy , '' she gushed , hugging him like mad . 
 i suddenly missed my own father . 
 just like her dad , he always saved the day . 
 my dead serious mother , on the other hand , always explained that i needed to suck it up and get on with life . 
 `` you girls take care now . 
 no getting hurt , he said and released nanini , who came to stand next to us . 
 `` do n't worry , daddy . 
 we will be super careful , '' she replied , offering her hands to us again , this time with a huge smile . 
 greeting her father farewell , we took her hands and then shifted to a beach . 
 the salt air hitting my face , i closed my eyes and took a deep breath . 
 i always loved the sea . 
 it smelled fresh and alluring . 
 `` yo , guys , over here ! '' 
 lotan yelled at us , and lada basically sprinted to him . 
 she had a long night with nanini and me drilling the info out of her . 
 she confessed that they were an item and absolutely loved it . 
 `` so , are we in the human world or still in exsilium ? '' 
 i asked nanini , sprint walking to keep up with her . 
 `` nope , still in exsilium . 
 we have all the things a human world has , just a bit smaller to fit into our world . '' 
 `` that 's nice . 
 so , we have mountains and stuff , too ? '' 
 `` oh yeah , and really big ones , too . 
 my dad took me hiking in them a year ago , and was totally wasted afterwards , '' she replied , smiling at me . 
 wow , this world is turning out to have a way cool effect on me . 
 we reached the others , who had already set up a camp-like site . 
 chairs , umbrellas , and the whole works . 
 `` better get out of your warm clothes , kas , or you 'll end up cooked , '' nanini said , grabbing a can of root beer . 
 i walked over to a chair and started getting out of my clothes . 
 looking at my bare legs , i suddenly wished i had asked for a pair of swim pants . 
 i felt too naked . 
 i looked up and straight into kali 's pissed off face . 
 she had been staring at me since the incident yesterday . 
 i had totally forgotten to mention it to the girls . 
 drilling lada had been way more fun . 
 i looked away from kali and went to stand at nanini 's side . 
 i had no idea why she was so pissed . 
 i had n't meant to intrude , and it 's not like it was forbidden to date a custos . 
 maybe they wanted to keep it a secret . 
 well , that was one secret i had to share with the girls . 
 they were as stunned as i had been when i witnessed the event . 
 i mean , chax and kali , kissing ? 
 huge news ! 
 chax really had me surprised . 
 i did n't think someone so serious would go for a girl like kali . 
 she was spoiled and bragged constantly . 
 if he wanted to keep it a secret , he really picked the wrong girl . 
 i think she had already advertised their romance to everyone by now . 
 `` so , girls , have any great ideas for the day ? '' 
 lotan asked , embracing lada in his arms . 
 she had her back to his chest and a smile like a cat who just got the canary . 
 `` oh yeah , you boys up for a wicked challenge ? '' 
 nanini asked , moving around in the sand trying to pace . 
 `` always . 
 so what 's your great plan ? '' 
 lotan asked , smiling at her while the two boys to his left smirked in anticipation . 
 `` cliff diving , of course , '' she replied , looking at me with an evil smile . 
 what ? 
 she has really lost her mind . 
 there is no way in hell i 'm going cliff diving . 
 `` oh no ! 
 there is no way , '' i said to her , shaking my head . 
 `` oh , come on , kas . 
 it 's not like we can die , '' lotan teased , and i looked at him , shocked . 
 `` yeah , i know , but it still hurts like hell . 
 i do n't really see myself lying in bed for two weeks trying to get my spine all healed up , '' i replied , looking at them all . 
 `` such a pity . 
 i really had great hopes for you , '' he continued , trying to get me to change my mind . 
 `` not going to work , lotan , so do n't even try . 
 i 'll go with you and give my support from the side line , but that 's it , '' i replied , pushing the message so he fully understood . 
 `` suit yourself , but you 're missing out at the greatest rush you 'll ever have in your life . 
 i guarantee it , '' he said , kissing lada on the cheek , and then walked off to get some more participants for their sick sport . 
 `` come on , kas . 
 just try it ! 
 i also thought they were all bonkers when they first mentioned it to me , but after that first jump , you 're pretty much hooked on it , '' lada reassured me , coming to stand next to me . 
 `` yeah , it 's the adrenalin rush that kicks in , and , in my case , it doubles up . 
 by this afternoon i will be so wasted , '' nanini said , skipping in joy . 
 `` you guys are so sick . 
 there is no way i 'm doing it , '' i replied , shaking my head . 
 then the rest all came walking up to us , even the three divas . 
 `` okay guys , let 's do this ! '' 
 lotan yelled and took the lead . 
 we followed him for a mile or two , the sandy beach retreating and making way for rock foundations . 
 from there we climbed up a huge cliff . 
 at the top , we all stopped and got our breath back . 
 i looked around and then down . 
 oh my soul , it was freaking high ! 
 it must be something like 600 meters or more . 
 no way in hell ! 
 `` okay , who goes first ? '' 
 nanini asked from behind me . 
 the next thing i knew , someone came running past me and jumped off . 
 shocked , i kept my eyes on the person and just before she hit the water , noticed that it was none other than that sick little girl nanini . 
 `` oh man , that was awesome , '' a boy on my left said , so i looked up at him . 
 it was cam and he was grinning . 
 `` there 's something wrong with all of you , '' i mumbled , turning around to get away from the drop . 
 no way did i trust any one of these sick people enough to hang around near the edge . 
 `` i 'm next , '' dustin yelled , and started sprinting to the drop . 
 just before the end , he jumped up into the air and fell , screaming `` yahoo '' all the way down . 
 sick , i tell you . 
 `` kas , you have to try this , '' nanini said , shifting next to me , soaked from her jump . 
 `` you 're all mad , totally freaking mad . 
 do you know how much it 's going to hurt if you hit a rock or something ? '' 
 i responded , looking at her . 
 `` kas , i do n't want to spoil your day or anything , but pain is pretty much part of our dna code . 
 we are going to feel it , over and over again . 
 at least now you 'll have some fun in the process , '' lotan said , and at those words he had me dumbstruck . 
 he was right . 
 we were pretty much doomed for mountains of pain , and i got a feeling a demon would give a lot of it . 
 ah hell , i hate this . 
 `` you too scared , hound ? '' 
 i heard a girl ask , and looked up to see nina and the other two divas standing a few steps from us , smiling at me . 
 `` yeah , nina , she is . 
 some hellhound , huh ? 
 too bad , '' kali pitched in next to her . 
 juno remained silent , but still had her chax face on , constantly pissed off . 
 `` oh , go jump off a cliff , '' nanini said to them , and they all started to laugh . 
 `` yeah , tinkerbell , we are planning on it . 
 unlike your friend , we embrace our destinies and face them with honor and courage , '' kali replied and turned around to face the drop . 
 then she burst into speed and jumped off , laughing all the way . 
 `` yeah , hound , leave this to the fallen worthy of service . 
 scared fallen like you only get in the way , '' nina retorted and followed suit , her howling echoing back at us . 
 juno went next , in utter silence . 
 oh , that just pisses me off ! 
 freaking divas telling me i 'm not worthy . 
 i 'll show them . 
 the moment they shifted back to the cliff , i walked over to the drop and turned to look at them all . 
 lada and the rest were smiling like mad , so i transformed into my fallen body . 
 if i 'm doing this , i 'm doing this in style . 
 i lifted myself up about a hundred meters from the cliff , smiling at them the whole time . 
 then i flapped backwards , to make sure i was away from the rocks at the bottom . 
 i closed my wings and dropped , doing a 360 with my body to put an extra oomph in it . 
 i transformed back to normal the moment my head was pointed towards the water , and looked down . 
 seeing the water heading towards you was unbelievable . 
 the rush was phenomenal . 
 reaching the water , i angled my body just right , gracefully breaking the surface . 
 i shifted back to the cliff , scaring the hell out of nina when i shifted in behind her . 
 `` top that , wolf , '' i said and moved to stand next to the girls who were yelling and screaming in delight . 
 lotan gave me a high five . 
 `` now , that was cool , '' he stated , thoroughly impressed . 
 i turned to look at the three divas , who were just standing there , dumbstruck . 
 oh yeah , this hound is officially in business . 
 after that , we took turns going over the drop , me included . 
 we tried our best to out-maneuver each other , and some even made a game out of the whole thing . 
 we continued for a few hours until it started to get boring . 
 we shifted back to the camp site and everyone went their own ways . 
 nanini ended up at the food , digging in . 
 i grabbed a soda , planted myself on a chair , and looked at the others having fun in the water . 
 my first days here started out very bad , but looking at all of them having fun , i felt content . 
 yeah , sure , we had to battle demons for the next ten thousand years , but hey , at least i have some great new friends to do it with . 
 i never had friends like lada and nanini . 
 in my `` normal '' life , everyone avoided me . 
 but , now i did have some very good friends , and i loved it . 
 for a change , i did n't have to hold anything to myself ; i had two friends to tell it to . 
 looking at lada and lotan hugging and kissing in the water , i thought back to the kiss in the garden . 
 yeah , i now had two friends and one hell of a guy to kiss the daylights out of me . 
 life had a funny way of working out , and boy was i glad it worked out okay . 
 i was really lonely in my normal live , but now i know it was over . 
 we continued the day , enjoying the sun and water . 
 by sunset , we were all totally wasted . 
 very slowly , and with great effort , we started cleaning up and gathering the things to get back to the house . 
 the boys shifted the things back as the girls cleaned and packed them up . 
 then we shifted back to the house , some heading for the entertainment room , some going straight for the bathrooms . 
 the girls and i ended up in our room , lada calling dibs on the bathroom , leaving me with an almost completely drained nanini . 
 she still moved around and stuff , but a lot slower . 
 `` so , how does your dad do it ? '' 
 i asked nanini , still baffled over the weather change . 
 `` he is an elemental fae , and basically he can work the weather and stuff . 
 really cool , huh ? '' 
 `` oh yeah ! 
 so , if he is fae and you 're fae , then what 's your mom ? '' 
 `` she is a water fae and she can control and manipulate water . 
 that 's why she is always stationed at places with a lot of water , like venice . 
 she can use the water to counterattack the demons , and then when the time comes , eliminate them . '' 
 `` wow , now that sounds cool ! 
 would n't mind having some special ability or power for myself . 
 so , what kind of a fae are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm a light fae . 
 basically it 's like the yellow one in the tinkerbell series . 
 i can move light and stuff , but as you know , can also use it to fight with . 
 at this stage , my light bombs are too weak , but seth says that as i grow stronger , so will they . 
 in the end , one of my bombs will be able to knock a demon down completely . '' 
 `` weak ? 
 i do n't want to burst your bubble there , but they hurt like hell . 
 i just did n't have a choice to go to the ground and cry , '' i replied and we burst into laughter . 
 lada came out and i gestured to nanini to go next . 
 she looked like she was about to hit the hay and call it a night . 
 i still had some spunk left in me , and thought i might go pick a pool fight with one of the boys . 
 i knew what lada was going to do just looking at her ; she was busy making herself dreamy for an impon . 
 yeah , life was turning out okay . 
 no more just doom and gloom like in the beginning . 
 made me think of a thing my dad always used to say to me when i was down . 
 `` take life one step at a time and you will find that some steps were worth taking . '' 
 chapter 7 the next morning we were back in one of vulcan 's classes , but this time i was fascinated by it . 
 he started by bringing in a lot of stuff : weapons , amulets , necklaces and much more . 
 `` come , young ones . 
 this time you need to feel what i 'm saying , '' he said and gestured for us to come forward . 
 i was up and moving forward before anyone else , because this looked totally interesting . 
 after a few minutes , everyone stood at the table with all the objects on it . 
 `` chanting and charms are one of our best weapons against demons , but it is also one of theirs . 
 all these objects have been charmed . 
 the question is : which one is a fallen charm and which one is a demon charm ? . '' 
 he explained , moving his hand over them . 
 wow , magic . 
 now , that 's cool . 
 `` does anyone know how we determine the difference ? '' 
 he asked , looking at all of us , but no one had a clue . 
 he then picked up a small dagger and moved his fingers over it . 
 `` when you touch a fallen charmed object , it will feel cold , and this will be your way of identifying them , '' he finished and gave the dagger to cam , who did the same , his face turning into a smile . 
 the dagger was passed from one to the other until it finally came to me . 
 i brushed my fingers over it , feeling a tingle , and then it was replaced by coldness . 
 i passed it to nanini , who did the same . 
 vulcan then moved to a ruby necklace and picked it up . 
 i was keeping my eyes on his face to see his reaction , and he really did n't like the necklace . 
 his face turned even more serious than what it usually looked like . 
 `` a demon 's charmed object starts with the same feeling , but where ours are cold , theirs are hot . 
 this is where the humans got the idea that hell is a burning pit of flames , '' he explained and gave the necklace to cam again . 
 this time he did n't smile . 
 the necklace traveled to each one of us until once again , it reached me . 
 i took it from lada and the moment my fingers touched it , i felt very uneasy . 
 another tingling sensation went up my arm and then heat started to replace it . 
 this is so not cool . 
 i quickly gave it to nanini , wanting the thing out of my hand . 
 `` does anyone know why objects are charmed ? '' 
 vulcan asked , looking at us . 
 no one replied . 
 i was glad i was n't the only one missing an important piece of this puzzle . 
 `` weapons are charmed to ensure that they do n't hurt the owner , or to ensure that they counter any other charmed weapon in order to kill the owner of that charmed weapon . 
 when an object , like necklaces and other belonging , is charmed , it goes a bit deeper . 
 a fallen will use charmed objects to help him or her obtain something . 
 for example , if i charmed a pair of earrings with luck and give them to nanini , she will always have luck to help her through her life . 
 another example is your clothes . 
 they are charmed to help with the transformation so that they will not tear or trap wings , '' he finished , picking up a ring and giving it to lotan . 
 `` see if you can hit lotan , '' he instructed cam , and he in turn walked over to lotan and tried to give him a light punch to the shoulder . 
 his fist was redirected , as if by a blind hand . 
 cam punched lotan over and over , but never once connected . 
 he was getting frustrated until vulcan explained further . 
 `` this is a protection charm . 
 the owner will be protected from any enemy , but a demon can counter it with its own charm , defusing the charm and enabling them to kill you , '' he explained . 
 he took the ring from lotan again . 
 damn , that sucks ! 
 we get magic to protect us , but it can be broken by a demon 's charm . 
 he walked over and stopped at nanini , picking up a bronze cuff-like thing and again his face turned serious . 
 `` this was found on the remains of a fallen . 
 it is charmed by a demon and we still do n't know what the charm does . 
 the power radiating from it is very strong , '' he finished , and offered lada the shackle . 
 she retreated and did n't want to touch it . 
 my gut feeling took over . 
 i stepped in her place and took it from vulcan . 
 this time the tingle was strong , very strong , giving me a strange feeling . 
 then the heat came and it was just as strong . 
 i gave it back to vulcan and he then passed it on to others and then he returned it to the table . 
 `` demons use charms like these to compel or entrance humans to commit sin . 
 a lover 's charm given to a married woman will take her into the arms of the first man she meets , committing the sin of infidelity . 
 another charm is the lust charm , where the human will be consumed with his or her deepest lust . 
 if he desired money , he would do anything to get it . 
 if a woman lusted after a man , she would do anything to get him , even kill if she had to . 
 charms like these are collected and destroyed when we find them , '' vulcan continued as he picked up an object to pass it around , letting us get a feeling for them . 
 `` why do they need humans to commit a sin ? '' 
 i asked , confused at why such objects would travel into the human world and land in a human 's hand . 
 `` they feed on sin . 
 each time a human commits a sin , they grow stronger . 
 this is how the `` cracks '' in the seal came into existence . 
 the moment mankind stepped into sin and did not follow god 's laws , `` cracks '' started to form in the seal god placed around the underworld , and the demons started to escape into the human world . 
 but to ensure that their `` cracks '' stay open and they obtain their power , demons needed mankind to keep committing sin , '' vulcan finished and left me even more confused . 
 `` okay , so if mankind stopped committing sin , demons would be trapped in hell and the world will be a safe place again ? '' 
 i asked , wanting to make sure i got this right . 
 `` yes , but mankind is too weak , so it will never happen . 
 which means the world will never be without evil . 
 some even believe in the `` yin-yang '' theory , that a good world without evil will not be a success . 
 they believe that the one is needed to balance out the other . '' 
 `` that 's just stupid . 
 who ever thought that up did n't see what we see every day , '' lotan replied and looked a bit pissed . 
 `` yes , but can you imagine the chaos if they did see what we see ? 
 you have to remember that mankind is a strong species , but in their eyes only . 
 they are not strong enough to deal with demons like we do . 
 take , for example , mankind 's approach towards themselves . 
 they ca n't even accept one another . 
 they have racism , religion clashes , and many more . 
 they are too afraid to take a step into another 's world and see for themselves ; they 'd rather judge and keep away . 
 the moment a human sees a true demon , they 'll run as fast as they can and never look back , '' vulcan explained , and i could see the heartache in his eyes . 
 indeed mankind was not strong enough to take on such a challenge . 
 they could n't even fix their own world . 
 `` so that means we are the only ones to take on the demons and have a chance of winning . 
 we are born into this service to protect them and repent our greatest mistake , '' vulcan went on when silence greeted him . 
 `` yeah , that pretty much sucks , '' i replied and walked over to the bronze cuff again . 
 `` they keep the seal broken , and we have to protect them , '' i finished , holding the charm . 
 this is so unfair ! 
 there is no hope for a normal existence for the fallen . 
 `` the humans have a saying : deal with the devil , and you 'll regret it for an eternity . 
 it 's our price to pay for eternity , because we followed him and not god , '' vulcan said , taking the charm from me and placing it back on the table . 
 `` i think that is enough for today . '' 
 he ended the discussion , and gestured to the door . 
 we took the hint and went to lunch . 
 lunch was very quiet indeed . 
 i think everyone was thinking over the discussion we had with vulcan . 
 after we ate , the girls and i skipped the zone and went straight for the arena . 
 lada planted herself on the grass , and nanini started to go through the obstacle course next to her . 
 i went to lean on the tree next to lada , keeping my eyes on nanini as she moved around , trying to work out her adrenalin . 
 `` i asked my father once why i should pay for someone else 's mistake . 
 his answer was that an oath to god is buried in your blood , making it unbreakable . 
 so , because the first fallen broke their oath to god and stood with `` him '' , the penalty for it also buried itself into their blood . 
 that 's why their children and every generation that follows will have to carry the first fallen 's curse for eternity , '' lada said next to me . 
 i listened to her but kept my eyes on nanini . 
 so that 's why we get to serve , because our blood is tainted . 
 `` my mom said that when humans baptize their children , the same oath takes place . 
 but that jesus died to break the punishment to their children , so human children are freed from their parent 's sins , '' she went on , and i heard in her voice the sadness she felt . 
 `` yeah , '' i replied , my eyes still on nanini . 
 the whole serve and protect thing was running through my mind , a war within myself . 
 why protect them when they create the problem ? 
 why put our lives on the line when they openly indulge in sin ? 
 i was getting angry thinking about it . 
 `` salve , lada , kasadya , '' chax said from behind me . 
 i kept my eyes on nanini . 
 my internal war was n't over yet and i still could n't find a good answer to my questions . 
 `` kasadya , are you ready ? '' 
 chax asked , moving into my view . 
 i looked at him and saw him frowning . 
 `` we better get to it then , seeing that it 's all we are born to do . 
 what do you want me to do ? '' 
 i asked in a bitchy way . 
 `` i think i 'll go find my custos , '' lada said , and i heard her get up and walk away . 
 behind chax , i could see nanini still going at it , and then my eyes fell on my own custos , who was glaring at me . 
 `` so , are you just going to stand there looking at me , or are we training ? '' 
 i asked , now getting pissed off at him . 
 he turned to look at nanini going at the course , and then turned back and looked past me . 
 `` salve , arianna , '' he said , and then i heard footsteps behind me . 
 i just kept my eyes on nanini . 
 looking into seth 's partner 's eyes now would not be a good thing . 
 `` salve , chax , i see you have the same problem we have , '' she replied and walked past me with lotan on her right side to the arena . 
 chax followed her to the spot she had picked for training . 
 they spoke and i saw lotan say something to chax , but i just was n't interested . 
 nanini finally stopped and walked up to me . 
 `` ca n't get it out , '' she complained , and paced up and down in front of me . 
 `` yeah , same here , and it looks like lotan is n't doing any better . 
 what a way to begin a day , but hey , this is a fallen life , so we just need to get used to it , '' i replied to her , watching her move up and down . 
 `` yeah , '' she said and looked at me . 
 i could see her internal war in her eyes . 
 i think the question we were all facing was : why bother ? 
 `` salve , nanini , kas , '' seth said , coming up behind me . 
 he stopped at my left side . 
 i looked at him , his smile lighting up my mood a little . 
 `` hi seth , '' i responded , and nanini followed suit . 
 i saw movement in the corner of my eye and turned my head to see chax walking back to me , his face all serious as always . 
 `` it 's going to be a long day again , '' i said and looked at seth , this time with a small smile on my face . 
 `` that bad , huh ? '' 
 he asked and turned his head to follow chax as he walked back to us . 
 `` i 'll see you later . 
 nanini , let 's begin , '' he said and headed off with nanini , leaving me alone . 
 well , for a while at least . 
 chax made his way back to stand in front of me . 
 he looked at me , but still said nothing . 
 `` so , are we training , or are we just going to stare at one other ? '' 
 i asked him , getting more pissed off by the minute . 
 he kept looking at me , and then offered his hand . 
 oh boy , here we go . 
 i placed my hand in his , and the next moment we were standing in a dark alley , a street with moving cars in front of us , music banging in the building to our left . 
 releasing my hand , he turned and opened a door to the building , the music crashing into the alley . 
 we were in the human world , but why ? 
 he gestured for me to follow and walked in . 
 i followed him into one hallway that led into another , a line of people standing in it . 
 he turned left and i looked down to see it was a line waiting at the bathrooms . 
 i followed him into what looked like a club , people everywhere dancing to metal music . 
 chax walked up some stairs that led to a second floor , also filled with people . 
 he walked over to a railing and stopped , looking down at the crowd . 
 i followed and stopped next to him . 
 he just looked down and did n't say a word . 
 `` so , what are we doing here . 
 am i even allowed to be here ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 he lifted his head and looked at me . 
 `` you are here with me , so it 's allowed , and i 'm showing you the answer to your question , '' he replied and looked back down . 
 my question ? 
 i ca n't remember asking him anything . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 i asked , confused . 
 `` patience , '' he responded and continued looking at the crowd . 
 i bent over and did the same . 
 everyone was having one hell of a time , enjoying their normal life . 
 i saw a couple making out in one of the booths and suddenly felt shy , wondering if that was what seth and i looked like . 
 man , they were devouring one another . 
 i then saw a hot guy walking between the dancing people , smiling and greeting some of them . 
 he walked around like he owned the place . 
 he stopped by a girl who appeared to be about sixteen and wrapped his arms around her . 
 she smiled and enjoyed his attention , but something was off . 
 the guy was too good . 
 i looked at chax and followed his gaze ; he was also looking at the same guy . 
 so , it 's not only me who was getting a weird feeling about this . 
 we stood there for an hour or so , looking at the guy and girl . 
 he was whispering stuff in her ear , and she would laugh and duck her head away in shyness . 
 then they stopped dancing and the guy took her arm and pulled her out of the crowd , leading her into the bathroom hallway . 
 `` let 's go , '' chax said and started moving with speed . 
 i had a hard time keeping up with him through the crowd . 
 people were bumping into me and stuff , but for chax , they simply stepped aside , letting him pass . 
 maybe it was that look he always had , the one that said , `` i 'm pissed . '' 
 we finally made it into the hallway to see people still standing in line , some hopping with need . 
 chax turned the corner and doubled his pace . 
 i had to start a light jog to keep up . 
 he reached the door and stopped dead , turned around , and looked at me . 
 screeching to a halt , i stopped before crashing into him . 
 just as i was about to say something , he lifted his hand to stop me . 
 `` i want you to stay away as far as possible . 
 do not try anything . 
 i know it 's not always possible for you , but do n't , understand ? '' 
 `` oh , come on , '' i replied , throwing my hands in the air and looking at him . 
 what , like i go out of my way to butt in ? 
 he looked at me like he was trying to say `` yeah right . '' 
 `` yeah , okay , '' i finally said . 
 satisfied , he turned around and opened the door slowly . 
 i could hear a girl 's giggle as he stepped out silently . 
 i followed him , using the same silent approach he was doing , and closed the door gently behind me . 
 turning around , i could see the couple in the corner of the alley . 
 the girl was between the wall and the guy . 
 chax moved along the wall , keeping his eyes on them , one slow step at a time . 
 i looked at him and decided that this is as far as i needed to go . 
 i did n't want to be in the middle of whatever he had in mind . 
 the girl suddenly screamed , and i looked away from chax to them . 
 the alley was dark , so i could n't make out what was going on . 
 she was hitting him on the back but he was n't backing off . 
 the next thing i knew , chax punched the guy in his side , a growl like a beast escaping into the night . 
 holy crap , it 's not a guy . 
 it 's a freaking demon ! 
 i took a few steps back . 
 so not ready for this yet . 
 the demon turned around and faced chax , who already had his swords drawn as he stood there , ready and waiting . 
 the guy 's face changed then , into what can only be described as a cross between a cat and a dragon . 
 he had two large fangs sticking out of his mouth and from his chin downwards , i could see what looked like dark liquid running down . 
 crap , it was blood ! 
 i stopped dead , not wanting to attract attention to me . 
 the demon stormed forward , attacking chax , who only stepped aside , made two swipes with his sword and then walked over to the girl . 
 i looked at the demon to see why the hell chax was just leaving it and not killing it , only to see its head missing and the body slumping to the ground . 
 something hit my boot , so i looked down straight into a pair of eyes . 
 i jumped away from it . 
 `` oh , that 's so gross , '' i complained and slammed into the opposite wall , keeping my eyes on the head . 
 yeah , that was quick , just two swipes and the thing was dead . 
 did n't look that hard , but then again , i had n't been doing this for ten thousand years , maybe even more . 
 i looked back at chax , who was kneeling with the girl . 
 so i walked over slowly to see if she was okay . 
 a step away i stopped . 
 her eyes were looking up at me , lifeless . 
 oh my soul , she 's dead ! 
 i looked at chax , who was holding her . 
 he then looked up at me , and the look on his face this time was not anger ; it was fury . 
 i backed away slowly . 
 i so do n't want a training lesson now , especially when he looks like that . 
 `` do you see now why we do this ? '' 
 he asked , letting go of her and standing up , his eyes on me . 
 i could n't say anything ; he was scaring the hell out of me . 
 i just stood there looking at him . 
 `` even if i ripped him away the moment he bit her , she still would have died . 
 each demon has a unique ability in their bites . 
 this one is poison . 
 so , kasadya , do you want to leave females like her to the demons ' mercy ? '' 
 he questioned , taking his eyes off me and walking over to the demon 's body before crouching down next to it . 
 `` no , i never said i wanted anyone dead , '' i replied , not knowing where this was coming from . 
 `` i see . 
 what did you think would happen when they get their hands on humans ? '' 
 he asked , moving his hand over the demon 's body , dropping something on it and saying a latin prayer . 
 watching him , i saw the demon 's body slowly starting to melt . 
 okay , so this is how they get rid of the evidence then . 
 `` why did you bring me here , and to this ? '' 
 i gestured to the scene in front of me . 
 `` to answer your question about why we do what we do . 
 we not only serve to redeem ourselves , but we also protect innocent humans , like her , '' he said , pointing to the girl . 
 i did n't look . 
 i could n't . 
 `` many humans do not deserve our protection , but many do . 
 will you allow such a vile creature to get his hand on a little girl ? '' 
 `` no , of course not ! '' 
 `` then settle the war going on in your head , and get in back in line . 
 this , as you can see , is no joke . 
 this is the life you will face for an eternity , or until you die , '' he said as he slowly walked back to me . 
 i was already pressed up against the wall and could n't back away , so i had to face him . 
 he stopped and looked at me for a few seconds ; i just kept my mouth shut . 
 i did n't want to debate this any further . 
 `` come , it 's already late in our world , and you will miss your supper , '' he murmured , offering me his hand . 
 i had a hard time convincing myself to take it , because his face had n't returned to normal yet . 
 let 's just say that the usual scowl was preferable to the current state of his face . 
 but i took his hand and found myself in the lobby of the house . 
 `` tomorrow you will meet me at my house . 
 i have other training in mind , '' he instructed and shifted out . 
 yeah , freaking good night to you too ! 
 man , he needed to lighten up . 
 maybe i should ask kali to work on it for me . 
 nope , i think she might just convince him to do even worse . 
 i walked to the grub spot to find everyone already gone . 
 on one of the tables a plate with food was waiting for me , so i walked over and started to eat . 
 the girl and demon were running through my head , and at the third bite i totally lost my appetite , so i just got up and left . 
 i walked to our room to find nanini and lada already asleep . 
 were we gone that long ? 
 does time in the human world move extra slow , compared to this one ? 
 hell , i did n't know , but tomorrow i was asking vulcan . 
 getting more details and facts might just be a good thing in the long run . 
 i took a long shower and put on my pj 's , walking over to my bed . 
 i reached down to pull away the covers , when i saw a beautiful red rose lying on my pillow . 
 picking it up , i smelled it and knew that it must be from seth . 
 i had missed out on another day with him , which was a bummer . 
 but tomorrow i would make sure to get some free time with him , i hoped . 
 chapter 8 i woke up in the middle of the night , frightened to death . 
 i had had another nightmare , but this time i was back in that alley , and the girl was lada . 
 i tried my best to save her , but in the end , it was lada 's dead eyes looking up at me . 
 i woke up with chax telling me that i was a failure , that her death was my fault . 
 rattled about the dream , i decided to take a stroll in the house and try to clear my mind . 
 silently , i got out of bed , grabbed a jacket and pulled it on . 
 the temperature was almost at the freezing point . 
 i turned around to look at lada 's bed . 
 she was sleeping peacefully , a small smile on her face , probably dreaming about lotan . 
 i walked out of the room and made my way to the zone , where i planted myself on the couch . 
 in total darkness , i sat there thinking about the whole alley incident again . 
 man , chax has a way of messing someone up . 
 i got the part where he wanted me to see the importance of the service , but he could have picked another way . 
 after a while thinking , i decided to get up and see if i could find something to clear my mind on the tv . 
 i had just reached the remote when i heard two voices in the hall . 
 curious , i walked slowly to the door and pressed up against the wall . 
 yep , i was spying . 
 `` how many were in the pack ? '' 
 a guy asked . 
 `` about ten , and their numbers have grown in the past week . 
 everyone has reported the same , '' another guy replied . 
 i could tell that they were walking towards me , so i slid back a few steps into complete darkness , just in case they decided to come in here . 
 `` and there is still no more activity on the streets ? '' 
 the first one asked again . 
 `` no , it 's like they disappeared . 
 tonight i picked up one and followed it for a while to see where it was going . 
 it went into a nightclub , so i followed . 
 this club was filled with them and humans , '' the other guy replied . 
 this time they were standing just outside the door . 
 `` humans ? 
 are you sure ? '' 
 `` yes , the worst part is , the demons were fully transformed and the humans were interacting with them in that form . 
 the moment one of them spotted me , the attack began . '' 
 `` so , they started using some of their brain cells . 
 they know that they are easy to pick off one by one , so they travel in packs . 
 interacting with humans openly is new . 
 were the humans in a trance ? '' 
 `` no , and they were enjoying their time with them very much . 
 seth and arianna reported the same from paris . 
 no activity on the street , but a club filled with them . 
 they barely escaped the attack . '' 
 oh my soul , seth was attacked ! 
 i just hoped he was okay . 
 no matter who or what , i was checking in on him the first chance i got . 
 my heart was pounding with fear of what condition he could be in . 
 wow , this love thing really hurts . 
 `` we need to counter this . 
 chax , any ideas ? '' 
 the first guy asked . 
 so it was chax he was speaking to , interesting . 
 `` yes , we need to ask the caponitos to assist us in this . 
 they 're the only ones with experience in team hunting . 
 i know you disagree with them on their methods , but this time , old friend , they might be right . '' 
 `` it would seem so . 
 i will go visit astin and ask them to aid us in this . 
 but , it would mean that everyone would need to take part . '' 
 i could finally make out the other voice ; it was vulcan . 
 `` yes , the best thing will be for all to gather here , at the arena , and start the training . 
 the apprendos will also benefit from it , '' chax replied , and i could hear that they were almost at the corner , drifting away from me . 
 damn , their conversation was just getting interesting and now i was going to lose the best part . 
 `` so be it . 
 notify everyone and ensure they are all here as early as possible . 
 training will start today , even if i have to force astin , but i doubt it . 
 the fact that they were right will be enough to give his ego a boost and take charge . '' 
 `` yes , i believe that this will be their greatest moment . 
 i only hope that they will be able to train fast . 
 we need to get back out there and stop this before it escalates into chaos , '' i could hear chax say . 
 the last words were almost gone as they drifted further down the hall . 
 alright , so the demons were clearly up to something , and by the sound of it , we were going to get some new training to counter it . 
 i wondered who this astin guy was , as i 'd never heard of him before . 
 when i was sure the two of them were well on their way , i started walking back to the rooms , my mind spinning over the new details i picked up by eavesdropping . 
 i was just about to take the turn to the stairs when my eyes caught kali passing from the lobby to the stairs . 
 what on earth is she doing up at this time of night ? 
 i followed her in silence , taking one step after another on the stairs ; i was stalking her like a cat . 
 she went into the hallway leading to the rooms ; i stopped at the top , keeping my eyes on her . 
 she went to her door and then stepped in , closing it behind her . 
 okay , maybe she met chax for some alone time . 
 shrugging it off , i went to our room and went inside . 
 lada and nanini were still fast asleep . 
 i looked at the clock and saw it was three thirty in the morning . 
 might as well get dressed for the day , and by the sound of it , we were in for one hell of a day . 
 i got my clothes and went to the bathroom , thinking over all that i 'd heard . 
 the part about humans mixing with demons freely was spooking me . 
 i mean , that was just so gross . 
 two hours later the room was buzzing with activity , nanini the main source . 
 i told them about what happened , what chax and vulcan said , and that made nanini spark to life . 
 `` the caponitos are a fallen bloodline ; they also live here in exsilium . 
 but according to my father , they do n't believe in our way of training and service , so they keep to themselves . 
 apparently they have their own hunting grounds and the others stay out of their way , '' nanini said , jumping with joy . 
 `` okay , so they do n't like this way of training , and keep to themselves . 
 got that . 
 but why on earth would they come and train us ? '' 
 i asked her , trying to keep my eyes on her while she jumped up and down . 
 `` oh , that 's easy ! 
 astin and the majority of the bloodline are werewolves . 
 my dad says that they hunt in packs , like real wolves do in the human world . 
 so , if what you told me is true , they 're coming here to train us how to work in packs to kick demon butt . '' 
 okay , so we 're going to be trained by a bunch of ninas . 
 just freaking great . 
 i had a really bad feeling about this . 
 somehow i did n't think the level of testosterone here , added to that of the unfamiliar caponitos , was going to bode very well . 
 i could just imagine the look on chax 's face if someone told him what to do . 
 damn , wait , this is going to be fabulous . 
 i can sit back and watch someone else get beaten up by him , or maybe vice versa . 
 he gets a butt kicking session . 
 oh yeah , i could n't wait to see what today would bring . 
 we ate breakfast and went to vulcan 's class , but there was no vulcan to give us a class . 
 we stood there , looking at one another , wondering what the hell to do now . 
 `` let 's go crash in the zone , '' nanini said and turned around to start in that direction . 
 but she only made it three steps . 
 the moment she turned her head away from us to look into the direction she was heading , she bumped into one hell of a big guy . 
 behind him six more guys stood looking at us . 
 vulcan stepped around them to stand in front of us . 
 `` morning , apprendos . 
 today we start something new . 
 come , we go to the arena , '' vulcan instructed and turned around to start the long walk to the arena . 
 the new guys just stood there , arms crossed and looking at us . 
 okay , so instead of one chax we now have seven . 
 just freaking great . 
 slowly , nanini was the first to walk by them to follow vulcan . 
 they just stepped aside and let her walk through them , their eyes watching her every step . 
 lotan was next and he was giving them the same treatment , checking them out from top to bottom . 
 i did n't think that was a wise choice . 
 the guys kept their eyes on him for a while , and i could see two biting on their jaws . 
 the rest followed suit , and then it was my turn . 
 i decided to keep my head to the floor and get past them as quietly as possible ; i did n't want to be dog chow for the day . 
 the moment i was at the third guy i heard him take in a deep breath . 
 did he just smell me ? 
 shocked , i looked at him but kept on moving . 
 he looked at me , his eyes boring into mine . 
 oh boy , these guys were freaking scary . 
 we walked down the hallways and made it outside to the arena . 
 the moment i took in the picture in front of me , i stopped . 
 there were a hundred or so fallen standing around waiting for us , and then i saw my dad waving at me . 
 delighted to see him again , i headed straight for him ; i did n't even know i missed him so much until now . 
 `` father , '' i greeted him and grabbed him in a big hug . 
 one hug from him always made me feel better , and after the sniffing guy , i needed a hug . 
 `` ah , my filiola ! 
 i 'm so glad to see you . 
 how are you doing ? '' 
 he asked , pushing me back to look at me . 
 his eyes were sad , and yet happy at the same time . 
 `` still alive . 
 hanging in there , and you ? '' 
 i replied , smiling at my father . 
 he still calls me his little daughter , which was pretty funny given the circumstances . 
 `` i 'm glad to hear that . 
 your mother and i are fine , my filiola . 
 she is somewhere in this crowd , looking for her sister . 
 she 'll be here shortly , '' he said , brushing his fingers over my cheek to show his affection . 
 `` can i have your attention ?! '' 
 vulcan yelled over the crowd , and everyone stopped talking to face him as he stood on a stage-like structure in the middle of the arena . 
 `` because of the reports of the demon behaviors we have been receiving for the last week , we have no choice but to adapt ourselves to fight this war and win . 
 if we do not adapt our approach , we will die and they will win . 
 `` to aid us with the necessary training and skills to take on our newfound challenge , we have asked astin caponito and his fallen to aid us . 
 as agreed , they will instruct us all , and therefore they will take charge . 
 we will follow . 
 is this understood ? '' 
 vulcan asked , looking over the crowd , his face more serious than ever . 
 still does n't beat chax ' face , but he 's almost there . 
 there was a moment of silence in the crowd , and then the first `` aye '' came , followed by many more . 
 when my father said it , he looked at me to make sure i got the drift . 
 so i said my `` aye '' and joined them in this newfound hell . 
 hey , at least this time i would n't be the only one suffering . 
 even my serious mom would be joining the ride . 
 hell yeah , i want to see her in action . 
 `` then from this moment i step back and join you in training , '' vulcan replied , looking at the big scary guy nanini had bumped into and stepping aside . 
 the guy walked to the same spot and looked at the crowd . 
 he had black hair that reached past his shoulders , brown eyes , and yep , just like all the other fallen guys , one hell of a body to go with it . 
 if he did n't look so scary i would say he was hot , but man was he scary . 
 `` the time of pairs has officially come to an end . 
 from today on you will become teams , or as we put it , packs . 
 there are no versions of custos or apprendos in our teams . 
 if you wish to still take responsibility for your apprendo , then do so . 
 this is not about two fallen ; it is about a team of fallen . 
 you will learn each others ' weaknesses and strengths . 
 you will learn to use them to aid your team . 
 there is a team leader and his , or her , team who follows the orders given . 
 there will be no exceptions . 
 `` if a team can not work together , they can not survive . 
 i suggest you get this into your heads pretty fast , or the days of the fallen are at an end , '' the guy said , gazing out at the crowd . 
 silence followed him , so he continued with his speech . 
 `` my fallen have agreed to assist in the training and they will be obeyed at all times . 
 i know you have been serving for years , but they have been doing it as a team for years . '' 
 he looked at a guy standing to his left and nodded . 
 he then turned back to look at us . 
 `` dontalion and the other team leaders will take lead and begin . 
 we will leave the choice of a team to you . 
 however , there must be eight in a pack , so choose wisely , '' he finished , and then turned around to stand with the other guys . 
 i looked around to see what was happening , and found that i was not the only one missing my dad . 
 nanini had hers still in a death grip , and the look on his face said that he really did n't mind . 
 nanini 's mom was standing next to them , smiling . 
 she was a petite blond just like nanini . 
 i saw lada with her mom and dad , also holding her mom and looking at her dad . 
 as my eyes traveled around , all the apprendos were with their parents , enjoying a short moment with them . 
 but when my eyes landed on kali , i stopped and looked at her . 
 she was standing alone , no parents in sight . 
 `` she lost both her parents about two months ago , '' my dad whispered in my ear . 
 i turned to look at him and saw the same sadness i was feeling . 
 poor girl , i know she is a handful but no one deserves to be alone , especially without parents . 
 they can be a pain in the butt , but they are your lifelines . 
 i ca n't imagine a life without my parents , even if my mom is such a pain in the butt . 
 `` come , kas . 
 chax is waiting , '' my mom said from behind me and i turned to look at her . 
 like i said , a pain in the butt . 
 the guy just said that it does n't work , so why would she want me to continue with chax ? 
 `` but -- `` `` there is a good reason why we created the system . 
 even with this situation , you will remain with him , '' my mom cut me off , and i could see there was no arguing , considering her `` i 'm the boss '' face was up and ready for action . 
 knowing full well that to argue with her would be a dead end , i turned to my dad . 
 `` see you later , dad , '' i greeted him with a peck on the cheek and then walked past my mother , ignoring her to make a point . 
 pissed off with my mother , i walked through the crowd looking for chax , whom i found leaning against the tree i had been leaning against yesterday . 
 drawing in a deep breath , i stepped over and went to stand next to him , crossing my arms over my chest . 
 i looked at the crowd and saw the apprendos saying goodbye and then falling in with their custos . 
 so our parents are sticking to the old ways then ; old people , i tell you . 
 the scary guys were walking in a group towards the crowd , and then from my right , more fallen shifted in . 
 they all had the same scary look the guys had , even the girls . 
 they joined the guy who spoke to us . 
 he gave them orders , and they divided up in groups of four and started walking through the crowd , taking up standoff places , waiting for us apparently . 
 i glanced up at chax . 
 he was very quiet , just looking at all of them . 
 `` okay , so what do we do ? '' 
 i asked him , taking the lead , because he certainly was n't . 
 he ignored me and just kept staring at everyone . 
 one of these days i 'm going to hit him , really hard . 
 ticked , i looked back at the crowd to find some old faces heading for us . 
 seth , nanini , arianna , lotan , lada and her custos , dagon , were heading our way and my heart took a huge thump . 
 they came to stand in front of us , seth smiling at me . 
 `` okay , chax , let 's do this , '' dagon said . 
 finally chax moved and walked up to him . 
 `` indeed , old friend , '' he replied . 
 at that , nanini started jumping around again . 
 `` oh yeah , we 're gon na be one wicked rocking team , '' she said and everyone except chax laughed . 
 this was going to be one hell of a team , and it was going to be fun . 
 `` is this your chosen team ? '' 
 a guy asked . 
 i looked past lotan to find the dontalion guy , with three others , standing there . 
 one of the guys was the one that had sniffed me . 
 i backed up into seth , who placed his arm around my waist and pressed me to him . 
 when i looked at him he was giving the sniffing guy one hell of a death stare . 
 feeling safe , i returned me eyes to the dontalion guy , only to find chax also giving the sniffing guy one hell of a death stare . 
 okay , this is new , but hey , i 'm not complaining . 
 the more guys keeping the creepy guy off me , the better . 
 `` yes , this is our team . 
 we may begin , '' chax replied , and turned his eyes back to dontalion . 
 `` good , let 's find some open space . 
 it 's too crowed here to practice , '' dontalion said and gestured for us to follow . 
 his companions turned with him , the sniffing guy who first smiled at me also turned and walked with them . 
 we followed a few steps behind them . 
 i kept my eyes on the sniffing guy , not liking this one bit . 
 dontalion stopped at a spot in the garden . 
 the grass has started to turn yellow from the cold , but at least there were n't any trees or other objects around . 
 we joined them and took off our jackets , dropping them on the ground . 
 then we went over to stand in front of them . 
 `` let me introduce you to some of my teammates who will be assisting in the process , '' dontalion explained , gesturing to the first guy . 
 they all looked the same : long black hair , brown eyes , and yep , drop dead sexy . 
 `` this is marcus , his brother acteon , and my cousin paeon . 
 you can call me don ; it 's easier , '' dontalion said , and then they all took off their jackets and dropped them on the ground . 
 so , the creepy guy was marcus . 
 well hell , at least i knew his name now . 
 chax did the honorable thing and also introduced us to them , when he reached me , marcus 's eyes stayed on me . 
 oh no , this is so not good . 
 i always get the weird deals . 
 `` we will start with a basic test to see what work we have to do , and then we will move over to the advanced stuff . 
 the orders are to get you in full function by tonight , so it 's going to be a long day . 
 let 's begin , '' don said , and the four of them began to circle around us . 
 here we go . 
 immediately chax , seth , dagon , and lotan pushed us into the middle , creating a protective barrier around us . 
 each one picked another one of the scary guys , and started to pace with them . 
 nanini was jumping like a mad thing next to me , and i wondered if it was her nerves or adrenalin ? 
 i knew it was my nerves that were making me edgy . 
 then the scary guys transformed , all of them to werewolves , so chax and the rest did the same . 
 seth was also a werewolf , but they were black , and he was brown . 
 he and the marcus guy were growling at each other like real wolves . 
 paeon went for lotan , sweeping his legs out from under him . 
 the moment he was down , paeon jumped over him straight for lada . 
 i reacted . 
 transforming , i jumped him , my body hitting his with force . 
 then all hell broke loose . 
 chax , and i think don , were hitting each other like crazy . 
 i could hear each punch land on flesh . 
 i was hitting paeon with all my might , and then nanini blasted him with a bomb , missing me by inches . 
 howling , he punched me in the face , and i went flying backwards . 
 ouch ! 
 this guy can pack a punch ! 
 my jaw was throbbing from the blow . 
 i turned my head to look back at him , and was suddenly thrown a few meters through the air , landing face first in the grass . 
 damn , that hurt ! 
 spitting out grass , i tried to get back up again , but this time it was marcus who attacked me . 
 pushing me down , his mouth was snapping in front of my face , saliva dripping all over me . 
 oh my soul ! 
 this is going to hurt . 
 the moment he transformed , i noticed that his black fur was tipped with gray . 
 i had checked him out so i could identify him from the lot just to make sure i stayed clear of him . 
 then suddenly he was off me , and i looked to my right to see two werewolves biting and fighting the hell out of each other . 
 it was seth , thank god . 
 then i was pushed back to the ground , my mouth stuffed full of grass , again . 
 i could hear screaming and shouting and yep , chax yelling at me to concentrate , which was so typical of him . 
 we were having our asses handed to us and he wanted to yell orders , the prick . 
 i was trying to get the thing off my back but it was like trying to move a freaking truck , and he was pressing my wings into the ground . 
 `` maybe you 'll do better in a bed , hellhound , '' i heard someone say into my ear . 
 oh , hell no ! 
 pushing my weight to one side , i lifted my elbow and punched him in the face . 
 his weight lifted off me and i took the advantage . 
 swinging over , i punched him off and got to my feet . 
 dagon was on him , hitting him with firebombs . 
 i looked around to see that these four were giving us the time of our lives . 
 arianna was down , nanini and lada were trying to take on one , chax and lotan were on another , and seth was on marcus , just inches from me . 
 focus , kas . 
 i stormed the one the girls were busy with and tackled him to the ground . 
 the moment i was on top off him , i shifted with him and planted him in the fountain a few yards away . 
 making sure he was in the water , i immediately shifted back and was on the one dagon had his hands full with . 
 `` his legs ! '' 
 dagon yelled , so i did a slide kick , taking his legs from under him , and dagon was on him , hitting him like hell . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 don yelled and we all stopped dead . 
 dagon had his fist in midair , ready to hit the one below him . 
 `` disengage and get up ! '' 
 don went on , so i looked up at him . 
 he and chax were moving out of their battle formation , don extending a hand to help lotan up . 
 feeling safe , i transformed back to normal ; the others followed and we all walked back to each other , forming a group again . 
 sucking air , i looked at the others . 
 we were all messed up , blood and bruises everywhere . 
 arianna had a huge swollen eye that was already turning black . 
 chax , for once , had a cut lip . 
 but it was seth 's shoulder that got my attention . 
 one of them had taken a bite out of him and blood was running down his shirt . 
 i walked to him and pulled away the shirt to check the damage . 
 damn , it was deep . 
 `` it 's okay , kas . 
 i heal fast , '' seth soothed , taking my chin in his hand to stop me from looking at it . 
 tears started to form in my eyes . 
 i did n't know if it was anger or fear that put them there , but i had a tough time keeping them back . 
 `` okay , test over . 
 now we start with eliminating some errors , and then trying again , '' don said , walking over to seth and me . 
 he pulled away seth 's shirt and looked at the wound , and then glaring at marcus . 
 marcus was just smiling at us , pleased about it . 
 `` your first mistake was dividing your group into two . 
 by protecting your females , you double up the impact of the attack on yourselves , creating a protected atmosphere for your females , which in return lets their guard down . 
 `` you must always remember this is a fallen world . 
 i know our instincts say that we must protect our females , but they need to carry some weight in this circle , '' don said as he moved around , looking at us . 
 as a whole , he motioned to us and i looked to see that he had gracefully , without our notice , herded us into a circle . 
 wow , this guy was good . 
 `` second mistake you made was attacking on your own . 
 this is a team . 
 you must work as a team . 
 think about each one 's unique abilities ; two hellhounds , two vampires , a light and fire fae , an impon and a werewolf . 
 these are the elements of your team . 
 now you just need to use them together as one , '' he continued . 
 `` we start with your fae . 
 nanini can create light bombs and fly . 
 how can you use it ? 
 then dagon , you are a fire fae . 
 you can throw fire bombs just like nanini , and you can also fly . 
 now let 's put the two together and see what we get . 
 nanini and dagon , take a stand , back to back , '' he instructed , and nanini and dagon did what he said . 
 with their backs to each other , they faced off against marcus and acteon . 
 everyone transformed and where nanini was pink , dagon turned orange . 
 both of them had a bomb ready in their hands . 
 the werewolves surged forward but were blasted by the two bombs , sending them through the air , where they landed on their backs . 
 i looked back at nanini and dagon to find them in the air floating , watching their opponents . 
 the moment dagon 's opponent got up , he yelled at nanini and together they sent two bombs straight into him . 
 he flew through the air and almost landed in a rose bush . 
 totally wicked ! 
 `` good , now let 's add the two vampires . 
 you both have impeccable speed and strength , but you can also create g-force punches . 
 go join the fae and we begin again , '' don said , and chax and arianna joined nanini and dagon . 
 again , they all stood back to back , transformed and were ready for the attack . 
 this time , however , all four werewolves engaged . 
 the moment the wolves started forward , nanini and dagon lifted into the air , sending four bombs to all of them . 
 then chax and arianna were moving so fast i could n't see them , just a blur of color , and the wolves were flying back onto their backs . 
 oh , this was getting way cool . 
 the wolves got up and transformed back to normal , don looking at the small circle , smiling . 
 `` good , now the two hellhounds . 
 you have a lot of elements to bring to a fight . 
 flight , strength , speed , but the most potent of them all are your accuracy and wings . 
 you have dead aim and using your strong wings , you can take down an enemy . 
 now , let 's see if you can fit into the circle , '' don said , and i looked at lada . 
 we both joined the others , lada next to dagon and me next to chax . 
 we all transformed . 
 again , all four of them transformed and were storming forward . 
 nanini lifted up behind me and blasted the two in front of us with a light bomb , and then two fire bombs came at them as well . 
 chax surged forward and slammed his fist into one of them , and then moved to the other . 
 i moved in to make sure the first one stayed down . 
 i hit him full force in the face , taking him to the ground , but the second one caught my attention . 
 only a step or two from me , i stretched out my wings and turned in a circle , taking out his legs from under him . 
 he went down and chax continued the attack on him . 
 the one next to me started moving again , and i stood up , closing my wings . 
 a firebomb flew inches past me and hit him full force , slamming him down again . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 don yelled , and we all stopped in the middle of our attack . 
 transforming back to normal we regrouped , waiting for our final team members . 
 `` good , now the impon and werewolf . 
 lotan , you have a paralyzing bite and brutal strength . 
 combine it to keep an opponent down for a deathblow . 
 seth , as a fellow werewolf , i know you have a lot to offer , so bring it to the circle . 
 join them , '' don said and gestured to us . 
 lotan and seth joined us , and we all transformed in unison . 
 nice ! 
 the wolves attacked but we started up the counterattack : bombs , wings , speed , strength , and finally , an almost bite . 
 luckily , lotan knew he had to stop or the whole training thing would be over . 
 we went at it for the entire day , with no rest , no food , and no water . 
 by the time a harpies scream sounded through the air to stop all training , we were totally wasted , or at least the apprendos were . 
 chax and the other custos looked like they 'd had a little jog down the street , while sweat dripped down our heads , into our clothes . 
 we all walked back to the arena , taking a spot near our tree . 
 i saw that we were not the only ones that looked like world war ii soldiers . 
 every one standing in the crowd had a bruise , or a cut , or both . 
 black eyes were starting to form on a lot of them and arianna 's eye had reached a purple color already . 
 yep , we got totally wasted by a werewolf clan . 
 `` good work , fallen , but we have a lot more to do before the teams are perfected . 
 tomorrow morning we start again , and there will be no service tonight . 
 the human world will need to bear the weight for one night . 
 go home and recuperate . 
 tomorrow we will begin again , '' vulcan said , and gestured for everyone to dispatch . 
 some shifted immediately , and some walked slowly to a friend or family member and talked for a while . 
 looking at everyone , i felt the day 's impact sinking into my body . 
 i was hurt , hungry , thirsty , and man did i smell like a pig . 
 two arms folded around my waist , and i wanted to protest , but there was just not enough energy left in me to do so . 
 i let seth take me into his arms , and leaned back to rest my head on his chest . 
 `` enjoying yourself , are we ? '' 
 chax whispered into my ear , and i turned my head and looked up to make sure i was n't dreaming . 
 oh my freaking soul , it was chax , not seth ! 
 what the hell ? 
 `` do n't go crazy . 
 see , seth has nanini in his arms , so i 'm just lending a hand . 
 it is my job to take care of my apprendo , so relax and shut up , '' he explained , and picked me up . 
 i was totally shocked to my core . 
 holy crap , chax was actually carrying me to my room , in his arms , like he actually had an idea what a feeling was . 
 this was the weirdest day so far in this place . 
 i looked to my right to see seth carrying nanini , and dagon had lada in his arms . 
 seth smiled at me , and i felt a little bit better about being in chax 's arms . 
 okay , it 's just a custos thing . 
 no need to go crazy . 
 `` looks like our apprendos had one hell of a good day , '' dagon said , and with those words my body did a double-up on pain . 
 man , it felt even worse than when chax had a go at me . 
 this was real punishment . 
 i just hoped our fae was around to save us , if she could walk herself . 
 `` hold on . 
 i 'm going to shift to your room , so you might feel a bit off balance , '' chax explained . 
 i did what he said and grabbed him around the neck . 
 no way was i taking another fall today ; i had had enough . 
 the shift felt totally weird , like half of my body was trying to stay behind and the rest was trying to shift but luckily , my bed came into view . 
 `` oh , thank god , '' i mumbled , relieved and wasted at the same time . 
 my bed looked like a bubble bath at that moment . 
 chax actually chuckled at my words . 
 wow , this training may just be what he needed . 
 never once did i see this kind of behavior from him . 
 he placed me on my bed and backed away . 
 seth and nanini shifted in next to him and then he placed her on her bed . 
 next were dagon and lada , who also ended up on her bed . 
 `` you did well today , apprendos . 
 maia will be here shortly to relieve you of your pain . 
 vale , '' dagon greeted and shifted out . 
 i turned my head from lada to look at nanini , and found chax looking at me with a very strange look . 
 we stared at each other for a few seconds , and then he shifted out , not even saying goodbye . 
 yeah , i knew it was too good to be true , but that look topped my weird scale for this whole fallen thing . 
 why on earth did he look at me like that ? 
 seth 's face came into view , so i dropped the thought and smiled at him . 
 `` how 's your shoulder ? '' 
 i asked him as he walked over to sit on the side of my bed . 
 `` all healed . 
 i told you i heal fast . 
 you do n't need to worry about that in the future . 
 it 's one of the werewolf benefits , '' he replied , smiling at me . 
 `` still do n't like it , '' i fired back , and he laughed at me . 
 `` caveo mea cor , '' he said and kissed me softly on my mouth . 
 oh , that feels so good , a little tender love after a day full of pain . 
 the moment we started to deepen the kiss , maia stepped into the room . 
 we stopped and looked at each other for a few seconds . 
 i could see the disappointment in his eyes and felt the same . 
 seth got up to face her and i was heartbroken all over again . 
 we never got alone time in this place , or was this what fallen dating entailed ? 
 to quickly steal a kiss before something or someone messed it up ? 
 i did n't know if i could do an eternity of that . 
 just when it gets good , we had to stop . 
 `` salve , maia , '' seth said to her . 
 unlike chax , he was always polite and a complete gentlemen . 
 `` good lord , it looks like a war took place in exsilium . 
 look at you girls , '' maia said , walking over to nanini , placing her hands on her to start the healing . 
 `` yes , indeed , we had a hard day of training . 
 take care of them , maia . 
 good night , girls , kas , '' seth greeted and smiled at me , shifting out a second later . 
 maia fixed us up , and about half an hour later we started moving again . 
 we bathed and then went down to the grub spot to eat and drink . 
 the place was a total dead zone ; no one talked , not one sound except for the sound of knifes on the plates and chewing . 
 we all stuffed ourselves and made sure we had enough fluids to go with it . 
 afterwards , we had a long , slow walk back to our rooms , where we all crashed and went into a deep sleep . 
 i , on the other hand , had another freaking nightmare . 
 chapter 9 i do n't know why all of a sudden i got them , considering i had never had a problem before i came here , but now it was almost every night . 
 *** my face was in the grass again and someone was pressing me down , and then the words i heard earlier were said into my ear . 
 `` maybe you 'll do better in a bed , hellhound . '' 
 but it was n't the same voice ; this was someone else . 
 struggling , i tried to get him off but with no luck ; unlike before , my move to the side did n't work . 
 then i felt a hand on the inside of my thigh . 
 holy crap ! 
 i was naked . 
 how the hell did that happen ?! 
 the hand slowly moved upwards , and the guy whispered , `` you 'll be my greatest treasure yet . '' 
 at that i went into insane valley . 
 i transformed and pushed out my wings , pushing him off my back . 
 i jumped up to look at the guy and the moment his face came into view , i turned and started running . 
 oh my freaking soul ! 
 it was the demon again , the same freaking one ! 
 i ran as fast as i could , but he shifted in front of me and grabbed me , taking me down to the ground . 
 my wings were trapped beneath my body ; i was n't going anywhere . 
 `` so many surprises . 
 maybe you will be worth it , '' he said , and leaned down to kiss me . 
 frightened to death about what was about to happen , i struggled and screamed . 
 *** i heard the words , `` wake up , kas ! '' 
 and grabbed onto them , pulling myself from the dream . 
 my eyes flew open and lada 's face came into view . 
 my hand traveled to my cheek . 
 it was burning like hell . 
 did she just whack me ? 
 i looked at her , the question on the tip of my tongue . 
 `` sorry , i had no choice . 
 you would n't wake up , '' lada explained , and i could see it took her a while to make that decision . 
 `` nah , do n't worry ! 
 you saved me from another nightmare , '' i replied , and lay back on my pillow . 
 crap , i need to get something to keep this guy out of my dreams . 
 why on earth is he there in the first place ? 
 `` you need to talk to someone about these dreams you 're having . 
 maybe maia can help ? '' 
 lada said , looking at me with concern . 
 `` yeah , i 'll talk to her when i get the chance . 
 it 's not a priority at the moment , '' i replied , my eyes drifting to nanini , who was still fast asleep . 
 `` your screaming did n't wake her . 
 i think she really had a bad day yesterday . 
 you go get finished in the bathroom and i 'll wake her up , '' lada said , getting up and walking over to nanini . 
 i took a deep breath and got up . 
 lada 's right , i need to speak to maia about these nightmares . 
 maybe she can do something to block him out of my dreams . 
 hopefully then i 'll get some peaceful sleep . 
 i walked to the closet and got out a pair of jeans , a purple t-shirt i had always loved , and my track shoes . 
 my denim jacket was the choice for the day . 
 next time i see my dad , i 'm asking for new clothes . 
 these ones do n't seem to fit anymore . 
 i took my shower and got dressed , and then walked back to the room to find nanini buzzing around again . 
 `` good morning . 
 sleep well ? '' 
 i asked her , trying to keep my eyes on her , but she was totally all over the place . 
 `` oh yeah , never slept that good in my whole life . 
 had a fabulous dream to top it off , '' she replied , grinning and jumping at the same time . 
 well , at least someone in this room gets good dreams . 
 `` so , you guys ready for hell again ? '' 
 lada asked , getting out her clothes to take in with her for her wake-up bath . 
 `` hell yeah , it 's tough , but man , i really get drained in the process . 
 absolutely love to feel all wasted , '' nanini answered , brushing her long blonde hair so hard i found myself wincing in pain . 
 `` nanini , you need help , girl ! 
 sick is n't the word for you , '' lada said , walking into the bathroom and closing the door behind her . 
 i walked over to the mirror and got out my brush . 
 standing next to nanini , i started the process of brushing out my own mane . 
 my dark brown hair was reaching the point where i needed to cut it again . 
 when it got too long , i could n't keep it under control . 
 after a while my arms started to ache from the effort of getting it into a pony . 
 failing miserably , i let go and it dropped to my back again . 
 `` i need to get my hands on a pair of scissors , '' i complained and looked at myself in the mirror . 
 not only did i still feel tired but i also looked exhausted , even old . 
 `` no way , kas . 
 the length is just perfect . 
 you just need to find your way with it when you fix it up for the day . 
 look at what i do and try and follow it , '' nanini replied , and i turned to look at her . 
 it was pretty difficult . 
 she was moving her hands so fast i almost could n't see . 
 when she was done and it was in a fancy pony twist , she looked at me . 
 `` did you see ? '' 
 nope , not at all . 
 `` yeah , i saw . 
 i 'll try it tomorrow . 
 just going to do the usual one today , '' i replied and went back to the task of getting my hair into a pony . 
 finally , and with burning arms , i had it and put my brush back in the drawer . 
 in the meantime , nanini had made her bed and cleaned her section in a record time . 
 damn , still have to do mine . 
 lada came out and nanini flew into the bathroom , slamming the door at the same time . 
 `` do n't slam the door , nanini ! '' 
 lada yelled at her , and i had to laugh . 
 the two of them made an unusual pair , but they balanced each other out at least . 
 i walked to my bed and started my clean up . 
 the moment my hand touched the covers , i had a flashback of the dream . 
 for some reason , it was at the beginning again , where my face was in the grass . 
 i know that things in your day could pop up in your dreams again , but why on earth would i put the demon in the werewolf 's place ? 
 now , thinking about it , where the hell did he come from ? 
 i 've never seen a guy who looked like him . 
 did i make him up ? 
 cleaning up and finishing my section , i ran a few scenarios through my brain but found no answer to my questions . 
 we went down and grabbed breakfast before our day of hell began again . 
 as i took my last bite , vulcan came into the grub spot . 
 `` hurry up , apprendos . 
 the others are already waiting , '' he said and walked out . 
 at that , everyone started gulping down their food and drinks , me included . 
 we finished up and then started the journey to the arena . 
 outside , everyone was waiting for us . 
 boy , we need to get a new wake up time . 
 looks like we are slacking . 
 chax , seth , arianna , and dagon were waiting for us at the tree where we met yesterday . 
 okay , so my tree became the meeting spot , cool . 
 the four of them were having a conversation and the moment we reached them , they stopped and looked at us . 
 my eyes landed on arianna 's face for some strange reason and for the first time , i saw her pissed off . 
 when she saw me still looking at her , she quickly changed her expression and turned around , looking at the others also gathered in little groups . 
 okay , did i do something ? 
 `` morning , apprendos , '' seth and dagon greeted , so i turned my eyes away from arianna and looked at them . 
 when i saw seth , i felt a whole lot better . 
 i do n't know what arianna 's problem is and i do n't care . 
 walking to seth , i greeted dagon and chax , who just looked at me and nodded . 
 yep , grumpy chax is back today ; let 's hope the werewolves can change his mood again . 
 i looked at seth and smiled at him . 
 i got one back and that made me totally forget about the dream and arianna 's look . 
 `` today we must improve on our techniques . 
 we need to combine our abilities more to get the best result , '' chax said , and i turned to look at him . 
 okay , down to business as usual . 
 `` i agree . 
 we can do a lot more damage if we combine our abilities together . 
 it 's finding the right recipe that 's the problem , '' dagon replied . 
 `` gather around , fallen ! '' 
 a guy yelled , so we all turned around to find astin on the stage . 
 `` dontalion has suggested that we try another approach to aid the training . 
 together , with their teammates , dontalion and annabelle will demonstrate the powers of a fully trained team . 
 study them well , '' he finished , turning around to walk off the stage . 
 the crowd in front of us began to separate , creating a huge circle . 
 standing in the middle was don and his team . 
 they took formation and transformed . 
 don and two others were werewolves , but they also had a vampire , three fae , and a harpy . 
 four females and four males made up his team , which was nice . 
 a redheaded female and seven others walked out of the circle and took their formation . 
 they ended up in what looked like a triangle form , where don 's team was in a circle . 
 i watched as the redheaded woman transformed into a huge half lion , half eagle thing . 
 `` what on earth is that ? '' 
 i asked , awed by the female . 
 `` she is a griffin , '' dagon replied . 
 `` very rare fallen species ; the last ones are only found in astin 's fallen . 
 if i 'm correct , he has four . 
 annabelle would be the only female . '' 
 wow , i 've seen a lot of griffin 's pictures , but this takes the cake . 
 she started to pace slowly to the left , and then her team , consisting of two werewolves , one fae and the rest vampires , began to move with her . 
 don and his team were keeping still , their eyes on the others . 
 the griffin team kept on slowly moving to the left , just looking at don 's team . 
 this continued for a few more minutes , and i was starting to get bored . 
 my eye caught one of don 's team members taking a step inward , which in turn left their circle a bit out of place , and the griffin team attacked . 
 the fae took to the sky , holding her hands at her side . 
 the next thing i knew , three vampires were riding on tree roots ripping out of the ground . 
 the roots lifted them up , meeting don 's fae and harpy in the air , where they went over into super speed . 
 nice , she must be an earth fae . 
 the griffin stormed forward , two werewolves at her sides . 
 while don and the others were looking up , trying to help those above , the fae 's team attacked them . 
 wow , not only was the root thing a great attack but also a diversion ; that 's something to remember . 
 don 's harpy then started to scream and everyone grabbed their ears , trying to lessen the sound . 
 the griffin and the others immobilized by the harpy 's scream , don 's team moved in , attacking them . 
 they seemed to be immune to the harpy 's scream ; it must be a team thing . 
 don 's team members were fast , combining their abilities to take the fae team down . 
 the harpy 's scream was starting to hurt my ears , so i took my eyes off the team and grabbed them . 
 then suddenly , total silence . 
 i looked up and saw the harpy was pinned to the ground by the griffin , who had knocked the harpy out cold , silencing her . 
 don and the others were still fighting . 
 a purple fae blasted a vampire out of her way , and then blasted the griffin , who was making her way to a werewolf . 
 the moment the bomb hit the griffin , four roots jumped out of the ground and wrapped around the purple fae . 
 the fire fae on don 's side sent out firebombs all over the place , hitting the griffin , werewolf , and the earth fae . 
 as the earth fae landed on the ground , a werewolf on don 's side jumped into the air , and with one claw swipe , cut off the roots trapping their fae . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 astin yelled , and the battle stopped dead . 
 my eyes trained on them , i watched as they turned back to normal , and then started to help their team members get up . 
 after all of them were up and back in action , each team nodded to each other member and then turned to face the crowd , who stood there in total silence . 
 `` whoo hoo , that was totally wicked ! '' 
 nanini yelled next to me and everyone turned around to look at her . 
 one by one , their faces turned from shock to smiles . 
 the crowd turned back to look at don and the others , applauding . 
 a few more `` whoo hoo 's '' also followed . 
 don and the others were looking at each other with shock written all over their faces . 
 they had n't expected this kind of reaction . 
 `` well done , astin . 
 indeed your fallen teams are something to witness . 
 i believe i owe you an apology , '' vulcan said , walking over to astin and shaking his hand . 
 astin took it in return and smiled at vulcan . 
 okay , so the moral of the story is do n't judge something before you take a good look at it . 
 like astin and his fallen , the outcome could be phenomenal . 
 many walked out of the crowd and offered their hands to don and the other fallen , talking to them and congratulating them on a good job done . 
 i must admit that the battle i just witnessed still had me dumbstruck . 
 from everything i had to see and endure since my first day here , i was totally blown away by this . 
 even my dad was shaking the hands of don and his team , asking questions and stuff . 
 i could see he was really fascinated by their teamwork . 
 i turned around to look at seth and the others , to find only chax and i were still remaining . 
 i turned my head back and saw that our group had also made their way to the crowd and were shaking hands . 
 nanini was jumping up and down in front of annabelle , and i could see that she , in return , was having a hard time keeping her eyes on her . 
 a smile broke out on her face , and then she burst out laughing . 
 nanini stopped her jumping , and the two started talking again . 
 `` for many years i have tried to make the others see the potential astin and his fallen had , but it was always a failure . 
 i watched these fallen take on demons ours have n't even seen yet and walk out victorious . 
 do you know how many lives could have been saved if they had just listened ? '' 
 chax said next to me , and i turned to look at him . 
 his eyes were on the crowd in front of us , but he turned to look at me . 
 for the first time since meeting him i saw sadness and deep pain . 
 he turned around and walked off to the direction we were training in yesterday . 
 surprised and worried , i kept my eyes on him as he made his way through the garden . 
 i might have misjudged chax . 
 he may be a grumpy guy with no sense of interaction between people , but in his eyes , i saw a male that has lived and lost for others . 
 i saw a reason . 
 `` that is one fallen i would gladly give my life for , '' don said next to me , but i did n't turn to look at him . 
 i was too concerned over chax , unbelievable . 
 `` never in my life have i met someone who equals him . 
 not only does he serve with all that he is , he also does it with his whole heart . '' 
 `` yes , but it would appear to be a broken one , '' i replied , my eyes still on chax . 
 `` we all lose something in this war , young one . 
 some fall to the loss . 
 but some , like him , rise above it and try to save others from the same fate . 
 there will be a day when this fate will cross your path . 
 when it does , you will have to make a choice : fall and be conquered by it , or rise above it to do good for others , '' don explained , and started to walk in chax 's direction . 
 i kept my eyes on both of them , his words taking a place in both my head and heart . 
 i will rise above it , i promised myself . 
 my thoughts were interrupted when two arms circled me and pressed me to a strong chest . 
 after yesterday , i made a mental note of chax 's scent and also seth 's , to make sure i did n't mistake the two again . 
 the smell of oranges came to me so i knew whose arms were holding me . 
 `` everything okay ? '' 
 he whispered in my ear , his mouth traveling slowly to my neck and giving me goose bumps . 
 `` yeah , everything 's just fine , '' i answered , enjoying his affection . 
 `` you looked sad there for a moment . 
 did chax do something ? '' 
 `` no , he did n't do anything . 
 don and i just had a talk , '' i replied , rubbing my cheek against his . 
 `` come on , you two . 
 we do n't have all day , '' dagon said and walked past us to follow don . 
 the others joined him , and nanini turned around and gave us the thumbs up with a smile . 
 lada took lotan 's hand and the two followed the others . 
 `` we really need to find some time to be alone , '' seth complained and kissed me on the cheek . 
 he walked around to face me . 
 `` i agree . 
 this is getting to be too much , '' i replied , smiling at him . 
 `` come on . 
 the others will be on our case , '' seth said , and i started laughing . 
 `` you mean chax will be on our case , '' i retorted , and he started laughing as well . 
 i took a step and found that one foot was trapping the other . 
 i looked down to see my laces were undone . 
 `` damn , '' i said , bending down . 
 `` i 'll wait for you . '' 
 `` nah , do n't worry . 
 i 'll fix them and shift over . 
 you go before the others freak out on us , '' i replied , shooing him off . 
 laughing , he turned around and started walking off , so i took hold of the first shoe 's laces and got to work . 
 i had just finished them when two guys walked past me . 
 i did n't look up to see who it was ; i was concentrating too much on getting the shoes done . 
 finally , with the last shoe done , i got up and was about to shift , when two arms grabbed me from behind . 
 `` morning , bellus , '' marcus whispered in my ear . 
 my heart stopped at his last word . 
 my nightmare came crashing down on me . 
 my heart was beating so hard i could feel it slam into my ribs . 
 the part where i used my wings to get the demon off me came to mind , and i knew i had my ticket out of here . 
 dream or not , i 'm getting out of his grip . 
 i transformed , pushing my wings out and sending him flying . 
 i turned around , spreading my wings to adjust them , and then snapped them shut again . 
 he was on his butt , on the ground , looking at me , totally shocked . 
 `` if you ever touch me again , you 're dead ! '' 
 i yelled at him . 
 during my dream relapse , my fear had turned into fury , and now i was at the boiling point . 
 he laughed at me and then with an evil smile said , `` so much spirit , so much fire . 
 indeed you are a trophy for any male , but you will be mine . '' 
 and then he got to his feet , moving towards me . 
 there was no way in hell i was ending up with this ass , so i did the inevitable . 
 i waited for him to get about two steps from me before i attacked , punching him in the face . 
 the moment he stepped back from the punch , i used my wings for a little lift-off and kicked him in his face . 
 dropping down , i watched as he landed on his back , transforming into a werewolf . 
 okay , game on . 
 he stormed at me , but at the last moment i stepped aside , bringing up my knee and slamming it into his torso . 
 he bent over from the blow , so i backed away to put some distance between us . 
 `` i 'll teach you how to respect a male ! '' 
 he bellowed and turned around , jumping for me . 
 when his face came into view , i did a turn kick and smashed my foot into his face , sending him to my left . 
 `` i warned you , wolf ! '' 
 i yelled back at him , trying to get him to back down and stop this . 
 but no , he got up again and jumped me . 
 my back hit the ground hard . 
 i forced my hand under his snout and grabbed his throat , squeezing for dear life . 
 he started to laugh at me . 
 `` you 're not strong enough for that , hellhound , '' he said and licked me on the face . 
 oh , freaking gross ! 
 i slammed my head straight into his and he lifted back just enough for me to get my wings up from under me . 
 using them , i lifted both of us off the ground , and then turned to the side , pinning him down . 
 `` now , this is more like it , '' he leered , and grabbed me around the waist , pressing me against him . 
 i brought up my fist and planted it in his nose . 
 blood spurted all over my face . 
 howling , he let go of me and grabbed his nose . 
 seeing my chance , i got up and stepped away from him , ready for the next thing he threw at me . 
 `` does is hurt , wolf ? '' 
 i asked sarcastically . 
 he wanted it ? 
 he got it ; just not the version he was looking for . 
 but hey , i did warn him . 
 he flew up from the ground and came at me again . 
 this time i readied myself on the balls of my feet , my wings snapping close to my back . 
 he jumped through the air straight for me . 
 but just as i was about to kick the hell out of him again , he was attacked in the air by another wolf , and someone grabbed me around the waist and shifted out with me . 
 i looked around to see i was in chax 's garden ; the circle we practiced in was just in front of me , the wall full of weapons on my right . 
 well , now i know who shifted me out , so i turned my head to look at him . 
 he kept his grip on me , not letting go . 
 i transformed back and gave him a wary look , so he finally released me . 
 `` are you okay , kasadya ? '' 
 he asked , frowning at the same time . 
 `` actually , no , i was in the middle of something and you shifted me out . 
 why ? '' 
 `` you were fighting a full grown fallen male , with years of experience . 
 one that lives very close to his fallen nature . 
 what were you thinking ? '' 
 `` hmm , let me think , oh yeah , now i remember . 
 i was thinking that if he grabbed me one more time , i 'd kill him . 
 if he said that i was going to be his female one more time , i was going to kill him . 
 so , i pretty much was going to kill him , chax . '' 
 he looked at me and i could see the surprise in his eyes . 
 yeah , did n't think i 'd slam him back with sarcasm . 
 i liked to pick fights with full grown fallen males , which according to him , embraced the wolf part of himself , dumb nut . 
 `` did he touch you ? '' 
 `` i believe i just said that , chax . 
 now , take me back so i can finish this . 
 interfering is not helping . '' 
 now real surprise flashed over his face ; i got the message all right . 
 you either fight back and stand your ground , or you 're going to be very sorry afterwards . 
 this pretty much slammed into my brain when the dream was running through it . 
 ca n't wait for tonight 's nightmare . 
 i 'm going to go full fallen on the demon , and kick him out of my dreams , or better yet , kill him in it . 
 `` yes , you are right , but i ca n't stand by and watch my apprendo get hurt by another fallen . 
 that would not make me a good custos . 
 i understand that you wanted to defend yourself , but in this case , you would have ended up hurt , or even worse . '' 
 `` the way i see it , i was winning the battle . '' 
 `` yes , you did really well for the first few minutes . 
 but he was playing with you , trying to incite you . 
 the moment blood came into the picture , his fallen nature surfaced . 
 he was attacking you to kill you . 
 yesterday , seth had the same misfortune . 
 training turned into a real battle , kasadya . '' 
 `` for me it was real from the start , so i do n't see your point . '' 
 `` the point is , if seth and i did n't intervene , you 'd be dead ! '' 
 `` oh for pete 's sake , what was i supposed to do ? 
 let him touch me and stuff !? '' 
 his face turned into anger , and i could see that he was taking my point of this argument into consideration . 
 but he bit it back and said , `` that 's why you have a custos . 
 if you ever have another problem with anyone , you come to me and i will address it . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 oh yeah , i understood . 
 if i could n't take the punch i had to run crying to him and he would save me . 
 no more . 
 i had endured enough of this crap . 
 from the moment i set foot in this place , i was told i had to survive or i 'd die . 
 well , so be it . 
 i shifted to the wall , grabbed the two swords he had me practice with and shifted back to the training grounds . 
 my team was standing there talking to each other and did n't notice me . 
 i searched with my eyes and found don and marcus talking a few yards away . 
 when my sight landed on marcus , something inside me kicked into place . 
 i could feel something more , something rising up . 
 i let it spread over me and shifted to don and marcus . 
 don turned around the moment i landed and his eyes went wide . 
 `` kas , wait , '' he demanded , holding his hands up in surrender . 
 `` enough ! 
 get out of my way . 
 now ! '' 
 i replied , and started to move forward so fast he could n't stop me . 
 i sidestepped him , and using my wing , pushed him away from us to ensure he did n't end up in the middle of the fight . 
 marcus 's eyes also went wide and he shifted . 
 i looked around and found him a few yards away . 
 `` what 's wrong , marcus ? 
 do n't you want to play ? '' 
 i asked him , shifting to him on the last word . 
 i could hear chax yelling at me , but just did n't care ; this was my moment . 
 no more will i let someone walk all over me , i had had enough . 
 marcus transformed and stood his ground . 
 `` hellhound , back down now , or you 'll regret it , '' he said , taking backward steps . 
 i felt the air next to me move and knew someone was shifting in to stop me . 
 the moment the air stopped , i flung my wings out , sending the person flying . 
 `` no , wolf . 
 today regret is reserved just for you , '' i responded , and i attacked him . 
 he dodged my blades for a while , but was too slow and a hit went to his thigh . 
 howling , he jumped away from me , his paw going to the wound . 
 `` chax , stop her ! '' 
 he yelled to chax . 
 no , not this time , my dear custos . 
 chax shifted in behind me and i flung out my wings , again sending him flying . 
 i moved again , swiping with my left arm . 
 he dodged it but did n't see my right arm coming in for the blow . 
 my blade ended up in his side , halfway to his heart . 
 as my blade pierced him he howled and froze . 
 i stopped the attack and looked him in his eyes . 
 shocked and in pain , he looked back at me . 
 `` what 's wrong , wolf ? 
 am i not so beautiful anymore ? 
 still want me as a trophy ? '' 
 i taunted him as his eyes growing wide with fear . 
 `` kasadya , stop ! '' 
 chax yelled , and shifted in next to marcus . 
 his hand went to my blade to stop it from going in . 
 pissed off , i looked at him . 
 `` is this not what you wanted me to be ? 
 what , still not strong enough according to you ? '' 
 i asked him and at the same time i felt someone shift in behind me . 
 the air stopped and the person grabbed my wings before i could fling them out . 
 `` kas , please stop . 
 this is not the way , '' seth said from behind me . 
 i turned my eyes on marcus . 
 `` kasadya , seth is right . 
 this is not honorable . 
 stop this , '' chax went on . 
 marcus transformed back to normal , my blade still inside him , and i could see that it hurt him way more than the blade going in . 
 `` you touch me again , wolf , and you 'll be looking at your headless body a few steps away . 
 do you get me ? '' 
 i said into his face . 
 in pain , he nodded his head , his eyes closing because the movement brought on more pain . 
 satisfied he got the message , i quickly withdrew the blade and took a step back , chax removing his hand just in time . 
 marcus slumped to the ground and chax followed , lifting up his shirt and looking at the damage . 
 there was one clean cut where the blade went in , and a lot of blood coming out from it . 
 `` kas , give me your swords , '' seth said from my left side , and i complied without taking my eyes off marcus and chax . 
 he took them from me and moved away . 
 chax looked up at me with confusion in his eyes . 
 yeah , you wanted a warrior , and at the same time wanted a little girl to come running to you for help . 
 well , i fixed it . 
 no more little girl . 
 `` kasadya , go back to my house . 
 i 'll be there shortly . 
 seth , go fetch maia . 
 it 's very deep , '' chax said to seth and me , without taking his eyes from mine . 
 the air moved and seth shifted out . 
 angry , i turned around to look at the others . 
 when my eyes met them they took a step back , fear in their faces . 
 i stopped and took in the picture . 
 why on earth would they do that ? 
 what , is this the first time they saw a girl win a fight or something ? 
 feeling warm liquid on my hand , i looked down to see it was covered with marcus 's blood ; then realization hit me . 
 no wonder they were afraid , look at what i had done . 
 in my tantrum to prove myself , i became the very thing i was supposed to hunt . 
 enraged and disgusted with myself , i shifted out without looking at them again , the look on their faces trapped in my mind . 
 what have i done ?! 
 chapter 10 i did n't shift to chax 's place ; i was not in a mood for one of his lectures at the moment . 
 instead i shifted to the fountain he found me at the other night . 
 i knew he would find me here eventually , but until then , i had some time alone . 
 i looked around to make sure that ` alone ' was the case , and luckily no one else was around . 
 i 'm sure they were probably training at the house . 
 i walked over to the bench near the fountain , where i was sitting the other night , and planted my butt there , looking at the water again . 
 how could i have been so stupid ? 
 i attacked another fallen armed and he was n't ? 
 then i went even further and jammed my blade into his chest , almost piercing his heart ? 
 i know we ca n't die like that , but i bet it still hurts like hell . 
 what was i thinking ? 
 yeah , sure , the guy pissed me off , but was it enough to do that to him ? 
 no , i did n't think so . 
 chax was right ; i should have left this for him to sort out , but no , i had to use my freaking stupid brain . 
 man , the looks on nanini 's and lada 's face were breaking my heart . 
 not only did i turn into a monster , i may have lost my friends in the process . 
 my first and only friends to add to it ! 
 i 'm a walking disaster . 
 no wonder my mom hates me . 
 omg , what is my mom going to do when she hears about this ? 
 she will eat me alive this time . 
 oh , and my dad , he will be so disappointed in me . 
 `` i know my filiola will make me proud , '' were his words and look what i did . 
 oh no , i totally messed up everything ! 
 crap , why could n't i listen for a change and think like a normal person ? 
 i sat there for hours , thinking about everything . 
 soon my view of the water started to fade as the sun went down and darkness took its place . 
 the whole time i was sitting here , i mentally punched myself over and over again . 
 `` stupid girl , '' i could hear my mom say . 
 `` oh no , baby , '' i could hear my dad say , and i could picture his face with those words . 
 i let him down . 
 i did n't make him proud ; instead i made a disgrace of myself . 
 the air shifted behind me and i knew that chax had finally found me . 
 i heard his feet hit the ground and just kept my head down . 
 `` kasadya , '' he whispered , walking slowly to stand in front of me . 
 i kept my eyes on the ground , too embarrassed to look at him . 
 he was right . 
 i was a little girl throwing tantrums all over the place , and deadly ones at that . 
 `` you have to come with me . 
 the council awaits , '' he went on , and at those words i looked up at him . 
 his face said it all . 
 not only was i in big freaking trouble , but also he was disappointed in me , and i already knew mom and dad were too . 
 no way this would n't reach them ; most likely they had already turned their backs on me to leave me to my fate , a well-deserved fate . 
 tears started to form in my eyes , and i knew that if i kept looking at him it would turn into a waterfall . 
 i returned my face to the ground and stood up , holding out my hand . 
 `` i wo n't cry , '' i kept telling myself , trying to take what was coming with some dignity . 
 face it like a man they always said . 
 he took my hand and we shifted . 
 the next thing that came into my view was a tiled floor with small patterns on them . 
 chax let go of my hand and walked away , leaving me to my fate . 
 i do n't blame him . 
 if i were in his shoes , i 'd walk away and never look back . 
 `` kasadya levourne , step forward , '' a man said . 
 i took a deep breath and lifted my head , taking in the room . 
 i was in some sort of court-like room . 
 in front of me sat vulcan , another male , a female , and chax . 
 to my left were my mom and dad . 
 dad looked at me with sad eyes and mom did n't even bother to look at me . 
 no surprise there . 
 now i really was not worth the effort . 
 to my right stood astin and dontalion . 
 astin 's face was neutral and don looked at me , also with a sad face . 
 okay , so this is not going to be fun . 
 i get it . 
 bracing myself for the impact , i took a few steps and stood in the middle , looking up at them . 
 chax did n't even look at me ; he kept his eyes on the bench in front of him . 
 vulcan finally looked at me , anger in his face but at least he was looking at me . 
 i stood there ready to face my mistake . 
 in a fallen life you grow up very fast , or at least i did . 
 `` in your absence we have discussed the incident that took place today . 
 we took in everyone 's testimony in what lead to it and also what happened . 
 do you wish to say something before we make our final decision ? '' 
 the other guy asked . 
 what could i say ? 
 everything they most likely heard was the truth . 
 i earned a punishment for doing this , so suck it up and take it . 
 `` no , '' i replied , and kept my eyes on him . 
 no use trying to look at someone else ; they were either mad or disappointed in me . 
 `` then it is final . 
 in the charge of disobeying your custos 's direct order to refrain from violence , and to the charge of attacking and injuring a fellow fallen , we find you guilty . 
 your punishment will begin immediately , '' he said and looked at my mom and dad . 
 i kept my eyes on him . 
 `` as the apprendo 's parents , do you agree ? '' 
 he asked my parents , and my heart sank down into my stomach . 
 a short silence followed then my mom answered , `` as her parents , we agree . '' 
 i felt a tear fall down my cheek . 
 yeah , that 's my mom . 
 hell , no matter what , i 'd never make her proud , so this was not a surprise at all . 
 my dad agreeing hurt a lot , but i deserved it . 
 i sucked back my tears and kept my eyes on him . 
 `` kasadya levourne , you will remain in solitary confinement for one month . 
 you will only be allowed to see dominus custos chax and vulcan . 
 you will not be allowed to interact with any of the other apprendos living in the house . 
 you will only be allowed to use the facilities within the house after they have used them . 
 as for your training , you will not be allowed to continue training with the teams . 
 however , dominus custos chax 's request was considered and you will therefore be escorted to and from his house for training until your month is over . 
 `` when your month is over , we will consider new testimonies about your behavior and hope to find an improvement . 
 if there is none , you will continue with your confinement until you shape up , '' the guy said , and at the last word he looked at vulcan , who stood up and walked towards me . 
 i kept my eyes on the guy who just ended my life for a month , maybe even more . 
 vulcan came to stand in front of me . 
 `` come , '' he said and walked past me . 
 i took one final look at chax , who still was n't looking at me . 
 i have a feeling `` brutal '' is not the word for my next few days of training . 
 so i turned around , my eyes catching my mom and dad as i turned to walk behind vulcan . 
 my dad looked at me , sadness in his eyes , but my mom did n't even give me that honor . 
 no , she just kept her eyes on the bench where chax and the others sat . 
 one hell of a mother , huh ? 
 i turned my eyes from them and followed vulcan , my throat burning from the tears i was trying to suppress . 
 we walked outside the room and then the doors closed behind us , on their own , of course . 
 vulcan offered me his hand , his face still angry , so i just took it to get this over with . 
 we shifted into a room with just one bed , no widows , and a small bathroom . 
 he let go of my hand and shifted out again , leaving me alone in my newfound home . 
 well , better get used to it . 
 i walked over to the bed and planted myself on it , bending my head to my hands and watching the floor again . 
 they were so pissed at me . 
 chax refused to even look at me , and i must admit that was really getting to me . 
 do n't know why ; it was not like he was my favorite person here . 
 maybe because i tried to prove myself to him and only ended up proving him right . 
 oh yeah , that must be it . 
 the look on my dad 's face had the tears streaming from my eyes and over my cheeks ; he was so disappointed in me . 
 the air shifted , and still crying , i refused to look up . 
 a pair of black boots came into view , followed by my suitcases . 
 `` i asked nanini and lada to pack up your things for you . 
 they ensured me that everything is here . 
 i will bring you some food and refreshments in a while . 
 it will give you enough time to unpack , '' vulcan said , and at the last word shifted out . 
 well , at least i had my stuff to keep me company , but i made no effort to get up and unpack . 
 i just sat there , remembering the whole day . 
 about half an hour later a knock sounded at the door . 
 i lifted my head and looked at it . 
 i 'm so not in the mood for this anymore . 
 another knock sounded , followed by vulcan 's voice , `` can i come in ? '' 
 yep , no luck for `` leave me alone . '' 
 `` yes , '' i replied and looked back at the floor . 
 he opened the door and walked in , closing it behind him . 
 scared i 'll try to run ? 
 `` i have brought some food and refreshment . 
 seeing that it 's already late , we will all retire for the night . 
 good night , '' he finished , placing my food next to me on the bed then walking out , locking the door behind him . 
 i wonder if shifting is possible ? 
 nah , did n't think so . 
 they would have blocked me or something . 
 i looked at the food and decided to eat , needing to keep my strength up . 
 a few bites later i placed it on the small table in the corner , not very hungry . 
 i walked over to the suitcases and picked one up , placing it on the bed to start unpacking . 
 no use in delaying the matter ; i was here for a whole month . 
 i placed the first pair of jeans in the small closet next to the bed . 
 yep , all luxury was gone with the punishment . 
 `` oh , kas , shut up and get on with it , '' i scolded myself . 
 i repeated the movement and soon my suitcases were unpacked , and i was looking at an empty one . 
 my dirty clothes were still not back from the laundry , which by the way was also another secret i wanted to find out . 
 i just hope it reached me here , wherever here may be . 
 i had kept my pajamas on the bed and now took them and my bath goodies to go take a shower . 
 i stopped at the mirror and placed them on a small bench . 
 i then looked up to see myself in the mirror , taking a step back from the sight . 
 i was covered in blood ; my face , t-shirt and everything . 
 i remember hitting marcus in the nose and how his blood sprayed over me . 
 no wonder lada and the rest backed away . 
 not only were my hands covered with his blood , but my whole face and clothes too . 
 just look at the sight of me , i looked like ... like a monster . 
 was that what i had become , a monster ? 
 someone who took pleasure in hurting others ? 
 my throat started burning again from the tears i was trying to hold back , but i gave in and let them run freely . 
 i felt so bad ; indescribable emotions ran through me . 
 still crying , i turned on the shower , got undressed , and stepped in the water . 
 freezing cold started to turn slowly into warm water ; i did n't even flinch , too shaken . 
 i looked down to see the water below red from marcus 's blood . 
 i opened up my heartache and let it flow with the water , trying to wash away my awful day . 
 after a long time the water started running cold again , so i sucked up the tears and finished off . 
 i toweled off the water on me and got into my pj 's then walked over to the bed . 
 i was exhausted , from fear to adrenalin back to fear and finished off with tears . 
 i climbed into bed and drew the covers over me , hoping to hell i could fall asleep and try to escape this day . 
 luck finally came to me . 
 after a few minutes i was pulled into a dream , and for once it started pretty good . 
 *** i was walking in a beautiful garden . 
 fountains and flowers greeted me all the way . 
 i looked down to see that i was wearing some kind of red dress . 
 i did n't do dresses , so this was really weird . 
 i started to feel uncomfortable . 
 why on earth would i make up a dream where i wear such a stupid thing ? 
 from the very first moment my mom forced me into one , i felt as if it was demeaning to me , breaking me down into something i was n't . 
 i only kept them on for a short while . 
 the moment she turned her back long enough , i would have created an `` oops '' with it , always making sure it never ended up on me again . 
 of course my mother always went ballistic afterwards . 
 telling me that i should start thinking about my future , and that being a lady was honorable and to take pride in it . 
 well , it never worked . 
 i still hated the damn things . 
 `` come , hellhound , our feast awaits , '' a guy said , and i looked up to find my demon standing there , dressed in a black armani suit with a red shirt beneath . 
 oh , for crying out loud ! 
 why does he always have to spoil my dreams ? 
 `` go to hell , demon , '' i replied and turned around , ready to run in this stupid thing i was wearing . 
 `` wait ! 
 i only wish to dine with you . 
 i believe your day already had enough excitement , '' he said and i stopped , standing there contemplating what to do . 
 should i turn around and dine with him ? 
 or should i turn around , dream up a pair of swords and get him the hell out of my life ? 
 no , i did enough of that for the day . 
 no more . 
 this was my dream , right ? 
 so i just need to out-dream him , if that was even possible . 
 i 'd give this a go . 
 maybe i could get rid of him that way . 
 so i turned around and faced him . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked , watching him carefully . 
 no way in hell did i trust this demon . 
 `` please , i promise that this will be a proper dinner with no intentions , '' he replied , gesturing to his left . 
 i followed his hand and found a table at a fountain , flowerbeds circling it . 
 it had two plates filled with food , and candles added to it . 
 `` if you try anything , demon , you 'll regret it , '' i said , turning my eyes back to him . 
 he lifted his hands in a surrender gesture and stepped aside for me to pass him . 
 i walked past him slowly , all the while watching him , over to the table and sat down , my eyes still on him . 
 he joined me at the table and poured red wine into one of the wine glasses standing on the table , and then the second glass . 
 placing the bottle of wine back on the table , he handed me a glass . 
 i 'd never had wine before ; i was too young for that sort of thing , so i took it . 
 i might as well try it and see what happened . 
 `` you 're wrong , '' he said , taking a sip from his wine while looking at me . 
 i slowly brought my glass to my mouth and took a sip . 
 with my eyes on him , i tasted the wine . 
 well , not too bad i had to admit ; it was pretty nice . 
 `` and what would i be wrong about ? '' 
 i asked him , taking the glass away from my mouth and rolling the taste of the wine in my mouth . 
 i wondered what type of wine it was ? 
 `` you 're not a monster ; the werewolf got what he deserved , '' he replied , taking another sip . 
 `` how would you know about him ? '' 
 i asked , trying to find out how the hell he knew what was going on in my life if he only visited me in my dreams . 
 `` my little hellhound , i know everything about you . 
 your mind is free for me to explore , and i do so with much interest , '' he answered , a smile forming with the last words . 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` that , little hellhound , is a secret . 
 but enough about that . 
 the werewolf touched you without permission . 
 your love and custos saw it and only stood by , doing nothing to protect your honor . 
 you had the right to defend it . '' 
 `` yes , well , i could have picked another way . 
 my choice was bad . 
 i could have hurt him badly , and in return i may have lost the only friends i ever had , '' i replied , taking my eyes off him . 
 my throat was starting to burn again . 
 no way was i crying in front of him , so i bit back the tears , locking my jaws . 
 `` i believe a true friend would have understood , and in fact supported you on this . 
 why did your love and custos not help you ? 
 why leave you in the arms of such a male ? '' 
 i sat there thinking about it for a while . 
 he might be right . 
 if they all saw what was happening , why did no one help ? 
 if nanini and lada saw what he was doing , why would they judge me ? 
 was this one of chax 's training things ? 
 if it was , it sucked big time . 
 i have no problem with a punch or kick or that kind of stuff , but grabbing me and telling me stuff like marcus did was a little disgusting . 
 `` if you were in my care , i would have taken his head for that . 
 i would have kept you safe from such things , but if i did , you would not have found your true self today , '' he continued , gesturing to the plate of food in front of me . 
 it was a small steak , rice , and greens and yeah , it looked tasty . 
 so i picked up a fork and scooped up a bite , looking at him . 
 `` what do you mean ` my true self ? ' 
 do you mean the monster i became ? '' 
 i asked , taking the bite . 
 `` are you sure it was a monster ? 
 what was the first thing your parents told you about yourself ? 
 was it not that you are a hellhound born ? '' 
 now that caught my attention . 
 what was he saying ? 
 that a hellhound was a born monster ? 
 no way ! 
 i was not a monster . 
 okay , yes , i lost control today and made a bad decision , but that was just today . 
 `` i was not born to be a monster , '' i threw back at him , pissed off instantly . 
 `` no , not a monster , but were you not born to be the best of all fallen ? 
 is it not in your nature to conquer ? 
 your custos has only scratched the surface of what you are destined to be , and many hellhounds do n't live up to it . 
 as far as we know , no hellhound has ever again reached that divined destiny ; all too afraid to take their true nature and embrace it . 
 imagine how many of us they could have destroyed if they did . 
 are you sure that your custos is not trying to tame you in a way ? '' 
 what ? 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` are you sure he is n't holding you back , because they are afraid of you ? '' 
 where the hell did he get that ? 
 no way ! 
 chax pushed me too hard every time . 
 he wanted me to become a warrior . 
 `` yes , but what happened today when you became one ? 
 did he not ask you to stand down , and let him fight for you ? 
 why would he do that ? '' 
 did he just read my freaking mind ? 
 how in the hell did he do that ? 
 but something in his words triggered the conversation i had in chax 's garden . 
 yes , he did ask me to back down and let him take care of the problem . 
 why would he teach me to fight , and then ask me to let him deal with it ? 
 my mind started to run all over the place . 
 i remembered the training , chax 's words , and everything . 
 confused as hell , i sat there thinking about it . 
 `` dawn 's approaching , my little hellhound , so i leave you with my final question . 
 in a war , would you not use your greatest weapon to win ? '' 
 he asked , and with the final word , he began to fade away . 
 i woke up in my bed , looking into darkness . 
 chapter 11 i lay there in my bed , the demon 's questions running through my mind . 
 i was trying to find reasonable answers for them , but i could n't . 
 looking around , i could sense rather than see the sun rising . 
 there was n't a window to help here , or even a clock . 
 i got up and went to the closet , grabbing a pair of jeans , a black t-shirt , and boots . 
 i learned a lesson yesterday beyond the one i was being punished for ; i learned about proper apparel for training . 
 i walked to the bathroom . 
 a wake up shower was just what i needed . 
 i got undressed and got into the shower . 
 warm water greeted me this time . 
 washing , i thought about the demon 's question again . 
 he was right ; in a war like this i would use my greatest weapon . 
 anyone would . 
 then why would the fallen not ? 
 what do we become if we fully embrace our true destiny ? 
 would i be like a demon ? 
 with all my questions and reasons , i got out of the shower and dressed . 
 i walked back to the bed and planted myself on it , waiting . 
 after a long while , a knock sounded at my door . 
 i looked up and knew it would be either vulcan or chax . 
 `` yes , '' i answered , standing up and walking to the door . 
 it clicked open and then was pushed inwards toward me , revealing vulcan . 
 `` come , your breakfast awaits , '' he said and gestured for me to follow him . 
 i took the hint and walked behind him . 
 he led me through many hallways and finally we came into a familiar one , the one leading to the grub spot . 
 he walked into the grub spot and i followed . 
 at a table chax sat waiting for us , and before him a plate of food and a glass . 
 vulcan turned around and walked out , so i made my way to the table and sat down . 
 however , chax did n't even look at me , still mad . 
 i did n't really give a damn , because the moment i saw him , one of the demon 's questions came to mind . 
 why did n't he help me if he saw marcus grab me ? 
 pissed at him , knowing he might have seen the whole thing and did n't do anything , i sat down and began to eat . 
 one bite after the other , the questions made their way back to me . 
 why train me to fight and survive , and then ask me to run back to him for help ? 
 `` marcus has fully healed , '' he said , breaking the silence . 
 i kept my eyes on my plate . 
 so what ? 
 maybe the demon was right about that too ; he did touch me without my consent and maybe he also deserved what he got . 
 i was getting more angered by the moment . 
 how dare he talk to me about marcus . 
 he did n't even give a damn when i was in his arms , frightened to death ! 
 i finished up the plate in record time , stood up and placed it in the wash bin , gulping down my glass of milk and placing it in with it . 
 i turned around and regarded him ; he was , for a change , looking at me . 
 `` so , are we going to train ? '' 
 i asked , folding my arms across my chest . 
 he looked at me for a while , just watching me . 
 he then got up and offered me his hand . 
 i walked over to him and took it , my eyes fixed on his . 
 i believe this would be called a challenge stare . 
 we shifted in to his garden and i released his hand . 
 i walked over to the circle , taking my jacket off and dropping it on the ground . 
 reaching the circle , i stopped , turned , and looked at him . 
 he was still standing there , looking at me , and then he walked slowly over to me , our eyes still locked . 
 `` so , what would you like me to do ? '' 
 i asked , getting more angry by the minute . 
 the more i looked at him , the more of the demon 's questions came to mind . 
 so , he wants to tame me ? 
 we 'll see . 
 two steps before me , he stopped and looked at me , still not saying anything . 
 let 's test the demon 's theories then . 
 i moved and transformed at the same time , punching him full force in the face . 
 his head went backwards , but he kept his balance . 
 i moved slowly around him , circling him . 
 he returned his eyes to me , and i could see that i had hit a nerve . 
 bulls-eye . 
 `` so , chax . 
 tell me , what does it mean when they say a hellhound born ? '' 
 i asked him sarcastically , circling him slowly , almost stalking him . 
 his eyes betrayed his surprise at my question . 
 i turned quickly , ducking down and spreading my wings , taking him to the ground at the same time . 
 i got back up and looked at him ; he was up in a second and now beyond pissed . 
 `` it means you were born a hellhound , '' he replied , now moving in a slow stalk himself , countering mine . 
 `` really ? '' 
 i asked , bringing my fist in for a blow . 
 he used his arm to swipe it away , and grabbed me , locking me to the spot . 
 i jerked up my arms , cutting him off me , and then head butted him so hard i saw tiny stars in front of me . 
 he grabbed his head with his hands , so i slowly walked around him again , watching him . 
 `` is there something you forgot to tell me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i 'll force it out of him . 
 he recovered and looked at me . 
 `` no , i do n't know where this is coming from , but you need to stop and think like a grown female for a change , not a spoiled little girl , '' he replied , and i stopped dead in my tracks . 
 he thinks i 'm a little girl , while others are grabbing me , telling me i 'm a trophy and stuff . 
 so that 's why he wanted me to run to him ? 
 because he saw me as a little girl ? 
 `` you know , chax , for someone that is supposed to be this so called ` dominus , ' you 're pretty freaking blind ! '' 
 i yelled at him and moved in with a high kick . 
 but he blocked it again and this time he punched me , and i landed with my butt on the ground . 
 i was up in seconds . 
 damn him . 
 `` i see a little girl . 
 easy to sway or convince , and you 're playing right into it , '' he replied , standing still and watching me . 
 `` whatever , chax . 
 but tell me , why would n't you let me go back and defend myself ? '' 
 i asked , stopping as well to look at him . 
 `` you would not have acted with a clear mind , and you did n't . 
 you attacked an unarmed fallen , and he did n't attack you back , not one time . 
 see what happens when you react on your emotions ? '' 
 he whipped at me . 
 he had a point there , but it still did n't change the question . 
 `` are you trying to tame me into something you want ? '' 
 i asked him , keeping my eyes on his . 
 his face did n't give him away ; it was his eyes . 
 and yep , there we go , a slight movement in them , telling me that he was holding back on something or lying to me . 
 `` i 'm not trying to tame you . 
 i 'm trying to prepare you for service , '' he replied after a few seconds . 
 he was lying ; it was all over his face . 
 the demon was right . 
 how could i have been so stupid not to see this ? 
 but then again , i had n't been around that long , and i did n't really pay much attention to this guy . 
 still looking at him , i could see his eyes change again , and then he looked at me differently . 
 stepping forward and now trying to circle me , he looked me up and down , and then locked-in with my eyes . 
 `` who have you been talking to , kasadya ? '' 
 `` no one . '' 
 he moved so his face was inches from mine . 
 `` you 're lying . 
 tell me who has been planting these ideas into your head now . '' 
 he sneered , and man did he go all serious on that one , ending it with a growl . 
 `` i said no one . 
 now back off , '' i whipped back and then turned around , about to walk away from this . 
 no way am i telling him about the demon ; that 's just too weird . 
 suddenly i was grabbed , turned around with my feet going out from under me , and chax pinned me down to the ground . 
 `` who have you been talking to ?! '' 
 he yelled at me , his face very close to mine . 
 the look on his face was the same as in the alley , so i swallowed a lump in my throat . 
 `` n ... o o ... ne , '' i answered , struggling to get the words out . 
 he leaned in more ; now we were a breath away from each other . 
 `` you need to start trusting me , kasadya . 
 i 'm your custos . 
 i will take care of you and guide you in this life . 
 but lying to me and trying to protect someone is not the way to go about this . 
 tell me . '' 
 i looked into his eyes , and for some strange reason my eyes dropped to his mouth , which was looking pretty delectable at the moment . 
 i need to go see maia . 
 there 's something really wrong with my head . 
 i lifted my eyes to his , and found him looking at my mouth as well . 
 okay , now this is new . 
 my breathing had started to pick up , and my chest was pushing against his ; each time it touched his , goose bumps broke out over me . 
 okay , i 'm one sick puppy . 
 `` tell me the truth , and i will help you . 
 this is a dangerous world , and a small mistake like this can cost you a lot . 
 trust me , '' he whispered , his mouth inches from mine , and i swallowed a lump again . 
 then i did something really stupid , lifting my head , i kissed him softly on his mouth . 
 he in return took the kiss and kissed me back . 
 i opened up , wanting more , and he complied . 
 the moment our tongues touched , and i really tasted him , my world went spinning and hit full supernova . 
 kissing seth was great and all , really great , but this , this was heaven . 
 releasing my hands , he pushed his arms under me , holding me to him . 
 i did the same , wanting more , wanting way more . 
 our kiss deepened the moment i had my arms around him . 
 sliding my fingers through his hair , my mind zoomed in on one thing . 
 i want this . 
 i want him more than i ever wanted seth . 
 i opened up my legs , wrapping them with his , and he ended up between them . 
 he stopped and moved off me with lightning speed . 
 he stepped back a few steps and looked at me , shock all over his face . 
 i was breathing hard , looking up at him and feeling like my world was just stolen from me . 
 still looking at me , his breathing was also hard , and then he turned around and walked away without a word . 
 i kept my eyes on him , not moving , feeling like a blade had just been stabbed through me . 
 how could i have done that ? 
 he is involved with someone . 
 oh my soul , and it 's freaking kali ! 
 oh man , she was going to be so pissed about this . 
 on the other hand , i was shocked at what i had felt in his arms , more than i had felt in seth 's . 
 i did n't have a lot of experience when it came to guys , but i did n't think that was my imagination . 
 how the hell did this happen ? 
 still lying on my back , i shifted out and landed with my back on the floor in front of my new room 's door . 
 the hallway was quiet so i just laid there thinking about what just happened . 
 was it just some kind of `` do it and get it out of your system '' thing or was it really what i felt ? 
 i sat up and looked at the long hallway . 
 i need to go see maia ; i need to get my head checked out now . 
 so i got up and started walking through the house looking for vulcan . 
 no way am i just shifting to her ; i 'll just end up in more trouble . 
 so i 'll find him and explain what 's going on and that i need to see maia to get some help . 
 the demon , my doubts , and now kissing chax ; there must be something wrong with me . 
 i reached the corner leading into the lobby to make my way to the hallway that goes to vulcan 's office , to check and see if he was in there . 
 if not , i was going outside to the training arena to look for him ; i wanted this done now . 
 i turned the corner and bumped into someone . 
 stepping back , i was about to say sorry then stopped dead . 
 in front of me stood kali , looking at me , but not really looking . 
 something 's not right . 
 did she already know what happened ? 
 ca n't be ; i just shifted back from it , and is n't she supposed to be in training ? 
 `` kali , you okay ? '' 
 i asked her , taking a slow step towards her . 
 she did n't reply and took a step to me . 
 in fact , she did n't even register that i was there . 
 okay , this is freaky . 
 yeah , sure , she is one of the divas , but her expression is giving me the creeps . 
 `` kali , are you okay ? '' 
 i said louder , walking to take a stand in front of her . 
 still nothing , and she took a step forward straight into me . 
 i grabbed her arms and shook her a little . 
 `` kali , what 's going on ?! '' 
 i yelled at her , my heart pounding from the creepy feeling i was getting . 
 her eyes were open but it was like she was n't there . 
 she had a black eye from the day before , but it was her eyes . 
 they were not normal . 
 my heart started pounding even harder . 
 still holding her , she suddenly pushed me away from her and i landed on my butt on the floor . 
 she moved so fast i did n't even have a chance to keep my grip on her . 
 she walked out the door , not even looking at me . 
 damn , now what ? 
 i stood up and looked at her as she reached the gate and turned left . 
 i knew i was going to kick my own butt after this , but i could n't let her go off like that , so i ran outside and after her . 
 i caught up with her and grabbed her shoulder to turn her around . 
 the moment my hand touched her , i felt the air move and she shifted , taking me with her . 
 chapter 12 we shifted into a room filled with very stylish furniture . 
 very modern , like something you saw in movies . 
 i turned around to take in my new surroundings . 
 well , black and red was the theme , and someone needed a decorator . 
 looking around , i found a small lounge , a bathroom inside another door , and then behind kali , a huge freaking bed . 
 kali was just standing there , not saying or doing anything , so i moved in front of her and grabbed her by the shoulders . 
 `` kali , what the hell is going on ?! '' 
 i yelled at her , and started to shake her real hard to get her out of this . 
 nothing happened , so i resorted to the last thing . 
 lifting my hand , i was about to whack her back to real life when the air moved around us . 
 i felt someone shift in behind us , and turned around to find my demon , in an armani black suit with a purple shirt , standing there smiling at us . 
 `` well now , two for the price of one , '' he said and started walking to the left , looking at us with a grin . 
 `` you 're not real ! 
 you 're just in my dreams , '' i said , shocked that my nightmare was standing there , in flesh and blood . 
 `` oh , i 'm real , my little hellhound , and as you can see , not only in your dreams . 
 but i must admit , when i placed my trance on your harpy friend to come to me , i did n't think she would bring you with her . 
 i was still thinking of ways to get you here , a hellhound being unable to resist and all , '' he said , walking slowly towards us . 
 what ? 
 she 's in a trance ? 
 that was why her eyes looked like that . 
 how in the hell did he get her into a trance ? 
 his words in my dream came to mind `` your mind is open to me . '' 
 oh damn , kali was dreaming of him too , and that was how he was able to put her in a trance . 
 of course , he even knew what was happening in my life . 
 `` back . 
 off . '' 
 i slung out , pissed off that i even sat down and had a freaking chat with him . 
 oh my god , he played me into thinking chax was trying to tame me and stuff . 
 stupid , stupid girl , kas ! 
 `` i 'm afraid that is not an option . 
 you see , my little hound , i have great plans for you . 
 when i told you about the hellhound born power , i was telling the truth . 
 according to our sources , a hellhound is ten times stronger than any fallen or demon . '' 
 `` so what ? 
 i 'm not going to participate in your plans . 
 might as well save yourself a death blow , '' i slammed back at him . 
 plans for what ? 
 laughing , he stopped and looked at us . 
 `` my little hellhound , you 're going to give me so much power . 
 harpy , come to me , '' he instructed , and at the last word kali stepped past me . 
 oh no ! 
 i grabbed her and pushed her back against a wall , locking her in between the wall and me . 
 turning my head to look at him , i kept her in place . 
 `` let her go now , or i swear you 'll die in this room , right now ! '' 
 i yelled at him , pissed off and scared beyond words . 
 `` i see that you 're going to make this difficult , little hellhound . 
 so be it , '' he replied , transforming into the demon i saw in my first dream and storming at us . 
 i released kali and met him halfway , my arm drawn back for a punch . 
 a step before him , i brought my arm forward with all the force i could muster , only to see him dodge it , and then his hands were on me , shifting us out . 
 we landed in a dark room ; one could just make out what was going on in it . 
 the moment my feet hit the floor , i brought my other hand in for a punch and struck home . 
 his head whipped back and he released me . 
 i moved away from him and transformed , ready to kill him . 
 he rubbed his jaw , and looked at me . 
 he smiled , showing off his fangs . 
 `` you have strength and wit , i 'll give you that . 
 but i think you 're going to need much more to survive this , little hellhound , '' he said with a smile and shifted out , leaving me alone in the room . 
 i turned around to look at the room , looking for a way to escape . 
 nothing but solid rock walls greeted me , not even a bed or bathroom . 
 damn , this was n't a room ; this was a cell , freaking great . 
 transforming back , i started to walk down the walls , placing my hands on them , trying to feel for some sort of an escape or weakness at least . 
 absolutely nothing . 
 how the hell am i going to get out of this ? 
 i looked at the ceiling , solid rock there , too . 
 damn , damn , damn , kas , you 're in big freaking trouble here . 
 do something , girl ! 
 i walked and felt around for hours , trying my best . 
 giving up , i tried shifting , over and over again . 
 nothing . 
 exhausted and scared , i planted my butt on the cold floor . 
 oh kas , what have you done ? 
 why did n't you listen to lada and tell someone about your dreams ? 
 if i had told someone , they would have been able to help me . 
 we could have found out that kali also had a problem . 
 what about the other girls ? 
 oh my soul , if he could get his hands on kali , he could get his hands on anyone ! 
 nanini 's sweet , petite face came to mind . 
 no , not her ! 
 then lada 's . 
 i had to stop this ; i could n't let him take them and bring them here , and i needed to get not only myself , but kali out of here , too . 
 how was it possible for a demon to reach our dreams in exsilium ? 
 they never once told us that demons could do that ? 
 hell , why did n't they tell us ? 
 they could have prepared us for something like our dreams . 
 we would have known that it was n't normal . 
 we could have enlisted someone to help us . 
 damn , they wanted us to serve , but they could n't even protect us in freaking exsilium ! 
 oh , they suck big time ! 
 wait until i get my hands on chax . 
 at the thought of him , guilt took the place of anger . 
 yeah , i was making out with him while his girlfriend was being tormented by a demon . 
 oh , that 's low , kas . 
 damn , now i felt real guilty about the kiss , but i would n't lie ; it was phenomenal . 
 no dream could ever beat it . 
 but no more . 
 maybe this was my punishment for kissing another girl 's boyfriend ? 
 holding my legs and bracing my head on them , my mind ran through everything . 
 i was so tired i drifted off to sleep , only to come awake shaking . 
 no , i ca n't fall asleep ; i 'll let my guard down . 
 `` do n't fall asleep . '' 
 i repeated it over and over to myself . 
 it felt like hours had passed . 
 because of the dark cell , i was unable to tell if it was day or night . 
 all i knew was that i was cold , hungry , and running low on hope . 
 the air around me moved , and i knew someone was shifting in . 
 i jumped up . 
 weak or not , i 'd give them all i had left . 
 i was not going down without a fight . 
 the demon shifted in just in front of me , still in a black suit , but with a red shirt this time . 
 `` greetings , my little hellhound . 
 have you changed your mind yet ? 
 are you going to play nice ? '' 
 he asked , walking slowly in front of me , his arms crossed in front of his chest . 
 `` i do n't play nice , ever , '' i said coldly . 
 if he wants a fight , i 'll give him one . 
 `` if you behave i 'll take you to see your harpy friend , '' he offered , smiling at me . 
 arrogant prick . 
 `` what have you done with kali ? '' 
 `` she 's safe and enjoying her newfound surroundings . 
 you can join her , to see for yourself . 
 all you have to do is take my hand , '' he replied , offering his hand . 
 warning bells went off inside me . 
 `` do n't trust him , '' they said . 
 but i needed to know if kali was still okay , and i needed to get to her , to find a way out for both of us . 
 moving slowly , i placed my hand in his . 
 the moment we touched , he shifted . 
 the next thing i knew , two other guys were grabbing me and holding me down against the floor . 
 i struggled and fought as hard as i could , but they were strong and held me in place , one taking my arm and holding it in the air . 
 `` i have great plans for you , my little hellhound . 
 before i give you the pleasure of being my consort , you 're going to give me power , '' he said , and clamped a bronze cuff around my wrist . 
 oh my god , the same freaking cuff vulcan had in the class ! 
 my other arm was forced out , and the same was done again . 
 the two guys released me after the second cuff was on , and shifted out , leaving me with the demon . 
 i jumped up and moved back away from him . 
 i knew i should n't have trusted him , but no , freaking kali was still stuck in my conscience . 
 he went over to a chair and table , sitting down , looking at me . 
 `` according to our sources , a hellhound is unbeatable . 
 he created you to destroy anything . 
 well , seeing that you are the first hellhound to make it into our world , we should test that theory . '' 
 `` whatever you have in mind , i wo n't do it , '' i replied , contemplating his words . 
 so , i 'm the first hellhound to end up in such mess . 
 well done , kas , you idiot ! 
 `` not even if your friend 's life depended on it ? '' 
 okay , that got my attention . 
 yeah , i knew there was no love between kali and me , but i could n't leave her to this thing 's mercy . 
 and the kiss was also hanging over my head . 
 having another internal battle , i just looked at him in silence . 
 `` if you behave and do what i say , i will not harm her . 
 but if you refuse , i will take her head and bring it to you to look at for days , '' he went on , evil written all over his face . 
 no joking about that part ; he oozed evil from every pore . 
 crap ! 
 if we get out of here , i 'm kicking the first fallen 's butt i see . 
 `` come eat . 
 i have arranged for human food . 
 i know your kind does n't indulge in our food preference , '' he said and gestured to a plate of food on the table . 
 my stomach rolled when my eyes spotted it , but i remained still . 
 `` you 're going to need your strength , little hound . 
 believe me , you do n't want to be weak later on today , '' he informed me , crossing his legs and sitting back to look at me . 
 `` why would i need my strength ? '' 
 i asked , wondering what great plans this ass had for me . 
 `` you will battle other champions in our domain . 
 you win , and i get more power . 
 if you 're good enough , you 'll defeat thalia 's pet and become the bellator . '' 
 `` you want me to engage in combat with other demons to gain you power ? 
 forget it . 
 i wo n't do it . '' 
 `` then your harpy friend dies , '' he replied , as if it was nothing to take a life . 
 i just remained silent . 
 crap ! 
 `` i 'll leave you to think about it ; maybe some time will bring some perspective , '' he said and shifted out of the room , leaving me alone . 
 i looked around the room , taking in the place . 
 it was a small room with a bed and a table with two chairs . 
 my eyes caught the bathroom in the corner and i rushed over to it , my bladder already in pain from the lack of facilities in the cell . 
 afterwards , i walked back into the room and raised my hands to look at the bronze cuffs around my wrists . 
 why on earth did he put them on me ? 
 i moved a hand over one and felt a tingle from them ; of course they were enchanted . 
 the question was , for what purpose ? 
 will another body and cuffs be on their way for vulcan to add to his collection ? 
 i smelled the food and decided to move to the table to get some nutrients in my system . 
 one thing he was right about was that i needed my strength to get us out of here , so i took a fork and scooped some up . 
 the moment i tasted the food , my stomach went haywire . 
 i dug into the plate , finishing it off in minutes . 
 grabbing the glass of juice , i gulped down the huge bites i had taken . 
 stuffed , with my stomach content , i got up and checked out the room . 
 the only door in the room opened a closet filled with clothes in black , red , and purple , of course . 
 yeah , this guy needed to check out a fashion book . 
 i picked out a black leather thing and opened it to find a pair of leather pants . 
 silver studs in the sides , and moving it up i saw small slits in it ; this must be some kind of kinky outfit . 
 no way in hell ! 
 i placed the pants back and closed the closet . 
 turning around and looking at the room again , i went over to the bed and planted myself on it . 
 except for the closet door , the room had no other doors , not even a window . 
 it was just another version of a cell , just freaking great . 
 i looked at the black bed covers and then laid back on them , the demon 's words flashing through my brain . 
 if i do n't fight , kali will be killed . 
 if i fight , i 'm sure i would be killed . 
 i had n't even had a month 's training behind me . 
 how the hell would i survive a fight with a demon ? 
 yep , we were pretty much dead , either way . 
 i laid there for an hour , thinking about possible solutions . 
 maybe try and seduce the demon and then kill it some way ? 
 then we would at least have one less problem . 
 but still i did n't know where kali was , so how would i get to her and get us out ? 
 i wondered what the demon had done with her ; his comment about his consort earlier had me very worried . 
 was that the fate kali had met ? 
 oh my soul , i just hoped i never had to face that . 
 i 'd take on a million demons before i would get into bed with him . 
 no way in hell would my first time be with a demon , no way . 
 i must have drifted off while still thinking because the next thing i heard was the freaking demon just above my head . 
 `` wake up , my little hellhound . 
 its time . '' 
 my eyes flew open , and i found him looming over me . 
 i pushed him off me and jumped off the bed , backtracking to a safe distance . 
 laughing , he just sat on the bed and looked at me . 
 `` you touch me again , and i will kill you ! '' 
 i yelled at him , furious that i let my guard down and fell asleep , giving this ass an opportunity to sneak up on me . 
 get your act together , kas , or you 're going to regret it , i scolded myself . 
 `` in time , my dear , in time . 
 but now we start our journey to great power , '' he said , standing up and walking to me . 
 i just kept backing up , staying away from him . 
 `` if you refuse , i 'll kill her , '' he spit out , angry at me for backing away from him . 
 his words stopped me . 
 damned kali ! 
 i could n't do that to her . 
 he then walked to me , his hand in offering . 
 `` take my hand , '' he demanded , and i did . 
 we shifted into another cell , iron bars coming into my view . 
 the next thing i knew , something snorted on my left and rammed into the bars . 
 i jumped back and looked at my new problem . 
 standing in the cell next to me was a cross between a bull , dragon , and man . 
 it was snorting like mad , smoke coming out of its nostrils . 
 i kept my distance while looking at the thing . 
 holy crap , i really hope that this is not the demon i need to fight . 
 it was freaking huge , reaching the ceiling of the cell , and man , it looked deadly . 
 `` your opponent for today , my little hellhound , '' the demon said , and i looked at him in total shock . 
 `` are you mad ? 
 i 'll die ! 
 i do n't even have a month 's training ! 
 i will be killed the first moment we step into the fight , '' i screeched at the demon , returning my eyes to the bull guy , who now walked up and down the bars like a caged lion , his eyes on me . 
 `` you are a hellhound born . 
 killing demons is your destiny . 
 it 's time to embrace it , '' he replied and shifted out , leaving me with the thing . 
 crap , i 'm so freaking dead ! 
 i kept my eyes on the demon ; it slammed into the bars over and over , trying to get to me . 
 a mixture of fear and adrenalin started to pump through me . 
 how the hell am i going to reach its freaking head ? 
 and even if i did get there , how the hell would i take it ? 
 no way in hell would i be able to take its head off by just using my hands . 
 i stood there , looking at my own death , feeling my end for the first time in my short life . 
 this was so unfair . 
 the armani demon shifted back into the cell and walked over to me . 
 in the bull demon 's cell another guy shifted in . 
 i watched as the bull demon was shifted out , and looked at the demon that brought me to my own death . 
 `` come , little hellhound . 
 it begins , '' he said , holding his hand for me to take . 
 well , to death i walk , or shift in this case . 
 i took his hand . 
 we were standing in the middle of what looked like a battle arena , of sorts . 
 thousands of demons stood on the side , growling , and shouting . 
 i looked at the crowd , and all i could see were demons . 
 then my eyes drifted in front of me , where the bull demon was standing with the demon that shifted him out , smoke pouring out of its nostrils . 
 `` your weapons , my little hellhound , '' my demon announced next to me , and i turned to look at him . 
 in his hand he held two swords , not as beautiful as chax 's , but hell , who was going to be picky in a situation like this . 
 i walked to stand in front of him . 
 i took the swords , and the moment i touched them i felt a tingle again . 
 okay , so they are also enchanted . 
 i wonder why . 
 `` to new power , '' my demon toasted and shifted away . 
 i turned around , moving the swords to get a feel for them . 
 they were the same weight as chax 's swords , so i got them under control very quickly . 
 i lifted my head to look at the bull demon , which now also held two swords in his hands . 
 oh , i 'm so dead . 
 transforming into my fallen body , i said a prayer , hoping god would help me through this . 
 the bull demon stormed forward , the crowd going wild . 
 he moved fast , too fast , and the moment he was two steps from me , he raised one sword , ready to kill . 
 using my wings , i moved out of its way . 
 at his side , i raised my swords and swiped them over his side . 
 it growled and turned to me . 
 i took a few steps back , waiting for the next attack . 
 he stormed again and i repeated the action , this time bending down and going for its legs . 
 it fell to the ground , howling . 
 seizing the opportunity , i swiped my right hand down , trying to take its head , but only caught his shoulder . 
 using his tail , he had me on my butt and was on me . 
 keeping his huge head away from my face with my hands , my swords bypassing his face , i tried desperately to remove him but he weighed a ton . 
 panicked , i pulled back my left hand and cut him in the neck . 
 he flew off me , holding his neck , giving me a chance to get up and compose myself . 
 if i thought it was pissed before , i was wrong . 
 it was furious after that cut . 
 storming forward , it swung both swords , trying to cut me . 
 i circled him , trying to keep space between us , but he got me over my arm . 
 i screamed and moved away from him , looking down to my arm to see the damage . 
 i was slammed with brutal force . 
 i felt a rib or two break , landing on the ground . 
 ouch , that hurts . 
 i looked up to see it moving towards me again . 
 did it just head butt me ? 
 using my wings , i pushed myself up and readied myself , my torso pounding from the impact . 
 breathing hurt like crap . 
 the moment he was in reach , i swiped both swords over him , hitting him in the face and over the chest . 
 he punched me with a fist and i flew back again , but this time i used my wings to steady myself and bring me down with grace . 
 then something clicked in me . 
 the same strange feeling , like yesterday , but this time i opened up and let it take over completely . 
 looking at the creature , i felt power course through me . 
 i felt stronger , faster , and my fallen body felt indestructible . 
 the bull demon came at me again , storming full force . 
 this time i could see his move , like slow motion on a video , and i watched him come closer . 
 i saw him lift his head with every step , using it to gain speed . 
 calculating my attack , i moved forward and sliced my sword below his neck . 
 i landed a few feet away and turned to look at it . 
 he was lying on the ground , his head a few meters away . 
 straightening up , i looked at the demon . 
 now i did n't feel like an apprendo . 
 i was calm , in control , and collected ; i felt like a custos . 
 i looked up at the crowd , which was silent . 
 they just looked at me ; no sound , no growl or scream , just silence . 
 i felt the air at my back move , and turned , ready to take the next head , which was the armani demon . 
 the moment my sword was almost at his neck they stopped in midair . 
 looking at the swords and then him , i knew now why they were enchanted : to keep him alive . 
 `` well done , my little hellhound , well done , '' he said , smiling at me , knowing full well the swords would n't kill him . 
 i pulled down my hand and looked at him . 
 the ass knew it ; that 's why he was standing there all defiant . 
 `` i 'll take them back now , little hellhound , '' he instructed and opened both his hands . 
 my swords went flying out of my hands , straight into his . 
 angry that i was without a weapon in a place packed with demons , i folded my hands into fists , my nails piercing my skin . 
 but i stayed cool and collected ; my confidence got a boost from the fight , and my fear lessened . 
 `` well done , draco . 
 your pet is indeed something to look at , '' a guy said on my left , and i turned to look at him . 
 standing there was a very hot guy in black leather pants with a loose white shirt hanging open , exposing his chest . 
 he had blonde hair falling down past his shoulders and pitch black eyes . 
 next to him were three others , two males and a female . 
 it was the female that caught my attention ; beautiful with long , black hair , black eyes , and two horns sticking out of her head . 
 she wore something that was supposed to look like a goddess dress , but she failed miserably . 
 her breasts were hanging out for everyone to see . 
 clearly , the word decency had no meaning here . 
 the hot guy walked up to us and started to walk in a circle around me . 
 he was looking me up and down . 
 the moment i felt him at my back , i slammed my wings shut to my back , keeping them safe and away from him . 
 i turned around following him , alert and ready . 
 as he circled me , i felt a tingle along my skin . 
 he was powerful , and his power moved over my skin , turning up the tingle . 
 `` it is fascinating to see such a beautiful creature in battle . 
 you found a treasure indeed . '' 
 `` thank you , my lord , '' draco replied from behind me , very pleased as the guy 's words . 
 i could hear the excitement in his voice . 
 `` that does n't mean she will last long enough to take on caim . 
 she will most likely die in the next battle , '' the female said , sneering out the words . 
 well , i 'm glad to know she does n't like me , because i so do n't like her . 
 the hot guy stopped when he reached them and looked at her . 
 `` thalia , the sound of envy is in your voice . 
 are you perhaps jealous of draco 's find ? '' 
 he asked the female , whose eyes changed to red at the words . 
 `` none have been able to defeat caim in all these centuries ; he is the bellator and will remain so , '' thalia replied , looking at me to carry over the statement . 
 i just kept looking at her , emotionless . 
 `` your pet is no hellhound , thalia . 
 they are born to destroy , '' draco said , smiling at her , pissing her off even more . 
 `` be that as it may , she lacks his years of experience . 
 she will fail . 
 mark my words , draco , '' she countered and turned around . 
 walking away , her hips were swaying like a cat . 
 what a slut . 
 `` the future will be very interesting . 
 come , draco . 
 return your pet and join me . 
 we have much to celebrate , '' the hot guy said and walked off , the other two following . 
 i turned to look at draco , who was smiling like a school boy after his first kiss . 
 `` come , my little hellhound . '' 
 he offered me his hand ; i took it just to get away from all the demons around me . 
 they were becoming too much . 
 the moment the hot guy turned around , the crowd started up the noise . 
 howls , screams and growling erupted , so loud i could n't think . 
 we shifted back to my prison and the moment we hit the ground , i pulled my hand from him , backing away , keeping my fallen body to take him on . 
 `` you have done well , my little hound , and you will bring me absolute power , '' he said , walking slowly towards me . 
 i went into a defensive stance and made myself ready to kick his ass . 
 seeing that i was preparing for a fight , he stopped and looked at me . 
 `` i can bring you pleasure beyond your dreams , make you a queen . '' 
 `` i 'd rather die , '' i replied . 
 he moved for me , damn fast . 
 i grabbed his arm , which was reaching for me , turned it toward his back , moved him away from me , and slammed him into the wall . 
 he struggled , but i had him pinned against the wall ; he was n't going anywhere . 
 `` release me or she will die ! '' 
 he yelled , his face pressed up against the wall . 
 `` you will release both of us now , or i 'll rip your head off with my bare hands , '' i replied calmly , keeping my composure . 
 `` you have much to learn , my little hound , '' he growled and transformed into his demon body . 
 i felt the bronze cuffs around my wrist begin to burn me . 
 i tried to push away the pain and hold him , but i could smell my flesh burning beneath them . 
 the pain was unbearable , growing more painful by the second . 
 i released him and backed away , rubbing the two shackles and trying to relieve the burning . 
 i looked up just in time to see him slam into me , taking me down to the floor . 
 i felt the ground and brought up my hands in defense , but it was too late , his head was already at my throat and i felt the sting of his fangs . 
 after the stinging , i felt myself starting to go numb ; he was paralyzing me . 
 distressed , i struggled to escape him , but with no success . 
 he was sucking up my blood like a leech . 
 i felt my strength draining out of me , and knew i was in big freaking trouble . 
 then he flew off me , grabbing his mouth , my own blood spraying all over my face . 
 dazed , i rubbed it off , and pressed my hand on the spot he bit into , trying to stop the bleeding . 
 he was going down on his knees , still holding his mouth , but screaming now . 
 numb , i just lay there looking at him . 
 he bent forward on all fours and i could see in his face that he was in pain . 
 good , i hope you die from my blood . 
 he lifted his head and looked at me , furious . 
 i saw his mouth was now bleeding on its own . 
 i smiled at him , pleased the prick got some payback . 
 he shifted out and left me there on the floor . 
 after a long time i felt the numbness leaving my body , my strength and will returning to me slowly . 
 when i felt strong enough , i got up and walked slowly to the bathroom . 
 i looked into the mirror and saw that my entire face was smudged with my blood , the wound at my neck having bled out , leaving my shirt stained with blood , clearly not charmed enough for blood stains . 
 i turned around and started to remove my clothes . 
 when they were off , i walked over to the shower and opened the knobs , hoping to hell that clean water would be in them . 
 clear water sprung from the showerhead , and i placed my hand under the spray to feel if it was warm . 
 yep , some luck for the day . 
 i got in and started to rinse the blood and filth off me . 
 in the mirror i could see my entire face was covered with dirt . 
 turning around , i could see two bottles , so i reached for one and opened it , pressed my nose close and drew in a breath , the scent of a honey mixture running up to my nose . 
 thank god . 
 some hope still remained , and i turned the bottle over and pushed some into my hand . 
 i washed my hair and then my body . 
 everywhere my hand went i could feel the pain from the fight taking hold in my muscles . 
 after the shower i got out and found towels in a cupboard . 
 i toweled off and walked over to the closet . 
 struggling to find something suitable to wear , i went through the clothes . 
 i found underwear and a soft , black tank top , and at the back , a pair of yoga pants . 
 dressed in black , i went over and lay down on the bed , giving my body some rest from the long day . 
 thinking about the fight and everything i saw today , i found myself missing chax 's pissed off face . 
 hell , i would do anything to see that face again , and this time i would take his crap with a smile . 
 i lay there thinking about all of them : seth , lada , and nanini . 
 i even thought about my parents and hoped that one day i 'd get out of here and see them again , but so far things did n't look good for me . 
 i wondered if they were searching for us . 
 then i remembered how often they spoke of fallen being taken , but never spoke of fallen returning . 
 so this was it ; my life would continue in hell until i died . 
 i wondered if kali was safe , unharmed . 
 i wondered if she even knew where we ended up , and what we were about to face in this place . 
 drifting into sleep with my aching body , i finally dreamed of a normal life . 
 no fallen , no demons , no fear , just me and my wonderful dream . 
 chapter 13 i did n't know how long i 'd been here . 
 unable to tell day from night , i had lost track of time . 
 i knew it had been a very long time , maybe months , maybe even a year or more . 
 in my time here , i had fought many demons . 
 some were small , some were big , but they remained ugly . 
 with each battle , i could feel myself changing ; i became content and confident , the last fight only lasting a minute before i took the head . 
 each battle brought draco more power , and he loved it . 
 he did n't visit me anymore since he tried to suck my blood . 
 now a guy with no voice brings me stuff and shifts me out . 
 i must admit , i liked it that way . 
 i did n't talk much anymore ; there was no need to . 
 with each victory , draco would reward me with something : clothes , an ipod with awful music on it , and a lot of other stuff . 
 the best reward was a pair of black leathers . 
 solid , black pants without my ass hanging out anywhere , a corset type of top , but the best was the long leather jacket i got with it . 
 these clothes had become my fighting gear , and i wear them permanently . 
 draco arranged for the leather to be super charmed . 
 they could not stop a blow , but when it came to claws and teeth , they could not rip , helping me to protect my skin . 
 draco and the other hot guy , whose name i still did n't know and did n't want to , ca n't keep their eyes of me when i wear them . 
 but with each fight , they became warier of me , so they did n't try anything with me , for now . 
 the other guy with the long blond hair had also become more guarded around me , not circling me anymore when he came to talk to draco . 
 now he just stood there from a distance and looked at me . 
 but i could see the hunger in his eyes . 
 it would n't be long now ; that was for sure , and i could n't wait . 
 i wanted to test my newfound skills . 
 i had become what one could only call a killing machine . 
 where the fights started out as a curse , they now had become my quest . 
 every time i took one of their heads , pleasure would fill me . 
 yeah , a killing machine , a true hellhound . 
 with each fight , thalia would become more enraged at draco , and especially me . 
 at least we agreed on one thing ; we hated each other . 
 the more i saw her , the less clothes she had on . 
 the last time i could even see her entire package , making her a total slut . 
 but i could also see her concern . 
 she saw what everyone else saw ; i was becoming more powerful by the day . 
 i pushed my fallen beyond its limits , making it work for me to stay alive . 
 the moment the head rolled , i looked at the crowd . 
 challenging them , taunting them to come and try me . 
 draco said i was in bloodlust , and he loved it . 
 prick . 
 standing in the mirror , i no longer saw a little girl . 
 no , in the mirror was a woman now , strong and in charge . 
 a fight for survival had a funny way of sculpting a person . 
 some grew weak and submitted to their defeat ; others , like me , evolved and became the very thing we tried to survive . 
 bending my head down , i slipped into my leathers . 
 i watched my legs , no longer skinny and lean , but powerful and well built . 
 then i put on my top , watching my stomach , which was now a rock solid six-pack . 
 then my hair , up in a pony , the fancy twist one nanini showed me once . 
 finally , my jacket . 
 reaching to the floor , it complimented the whole picture , giving me the bad ass look . 
 wonder what chax would say if he could see me now . 
 yeah , i 'd even scare the hell out of him , i thought . 
 and that was just fine with me . 
 nobody would ever push me around again . 
 i turned around and walked to my bed , my skull cracker boots waiting to be put on . 
 i gave them the name after i cracked the skull of a demon in a fight . 
 it had felt wonderful . 
 i slipped them on and waited . 
 soon . 
 it was time to end all this ; today would be it . 
 the mute guy shifted in , waiting for me . 
 i got up and walked over to him , taking his hand . 
 my favorite cell came into view , iron bars and all , and of course draco , waiting for me . 
 i knew when i came here another demon was about to die by my hand . 
 i did n't look at the other cell anymore , because it did n't bother me anymore . 
 i 'd outlived everything that was ever in it , so who gave a damn . 
 standing there , i looked at draco as he circled around me , keeping my eyes in front . 
 he was too scared to try me , and i knew it . 
 `` what a beautiful female you have become , hellhound , '' he said from behind me . 
 after a few fights , he stopped calling me his little hellhound ; i was just hellhound . 
 perfect . 
 i remained silent as always , pissing him off , so he came to stand in front of me . 
 `` give in to me , bellus , '' he demanded , his eyes moving over my torso . 
 in your dreams demon ; i 'd rather take your head . 
 i just stood there , looking him in the eyes with my no bs face . 
 he knew what awaited him , but was too damn chicken to try . 
 `` what a pity . 
 you were made to be with a god , '' he went on while still looking at me . 
 yeah , he now thinks he is a god because he got a power boost . 
 my opponent and his master shifted into the cell next door . 
 i just kept my eyes on draco , waiting for him to make a move , not interested in my opponent because we would soon meet . 
 i had learned that draco was what demon 's considered my master , and i was known as his pet . 
 stupid demons , could n't even come up with something else . 
 `` well now , draco , are you ready to part with your pet today ? '' 
 thalia asked from my left . 
 draco turned to look at her . 
 i just went over to sit on my chair , not interested in their little showoffs . 
 `` my poor thalia . 
 i will take you to my bed and caress your heartache , i promise , '' he replied , and i almost burst out laughing . 
 man , that would be like putting fuel on an open fire . 
 the two of them will kill each other before submitting to the other . 
 `` how do the humans put it ? 
 famous last words , draco , '' she fired back at him . 
 `` we will see , thalia . 
 your pet 's time is over , and so is yours , '' he countered , returning to stand in front of me . 
 `` your weapons , '' he said , giving me my two best friends ; they had brought me far and i took them from him to start my ritual . 
 he then shifted out , leaving me to my playtime and thalia with her pet . 
 `` kill her , caim , or you will regret it , '' thalia said and i felt the air move from her shift . 
 i went to work . 
 sometime during the battles , i created my own ritual . 
 taking my swords , i would sit , sharpening them on a slab stone , making sure they were perfect . 
 it also drove my opponents crazy seeing me do it . 
 i slide the first sword over the slab and then felt them , my fingers sliding over the blades to ensure they were perfect , no rough edges , perfection for a perfect kill . 
 `` how did they get their hands on you , hellhound ? '' 
 the demon asked from next door . 
 i just ignored him and continued on ; no use in wasting my breath . 
 this ritual drove all of them insane , and by the time we got into the arena they would try to run . 
 some even cried . 
 i loved it ; it made me calm , enabling me to collect that part of me for the fight . 
 `` look at me , hellhound ! '' 
 he yelled at me . 
 i just smiled and went on playing . 
 `` speak to me ! '' 
 he kept going . 
 he was disturbing me and in the process pissing me off . 
 this was my quiet time . 
 `` be quiet , demon . 
 take your death with honor , '' i replied , still looking at my sword and feeling it . 
 `` i 'm not a demon , hellhound . 
 i 'm a fallen ; look at me , '' he said . 
 i stopped and took in a breath . 
 i have heard a lot of crap from next door all the times i 've sat here and waited , but a demon calling himself a fallen was a first , so i looked up at him and froze . 
 `` i am not a demon . 
 i 'm a fallen male , a vampire fallen , '' he said , but i was struck dead on the spot . 
 standing on the other side of the bars was an almost exact copy of chax . 
 oh my freaking soul , how is that possible ? 
 `` i ask again , how did you come to be here ? 
 it is impossible for them to take a hellhound . 
 you should not have been taken captive , '' he said , his eyes the same as chax 's but so sad . 
 so , so very sad . 
 `` wh ... o are you ? '' 
 i stuttered , looking at him in shock . 
 whereas chax 's hair reached just below his ears , this guy 's hair fell below his shoulders . 
 `` my name is caim de luca , '' he replied , frowning at me . 
 de luca . 
 that was chax 's name . 
 is he family ? 
 can it be ? 
 i do n't recall anyone saying that chax had a family member taken . 
 hell , i had n't even asked such things about him , not that i would have gotten answers . 
 `` are you family of chax de luca ? '' 
 i asked , still looking at him . 
 he closed his eyes as if in pain . 
 `` yes , chax is my brother . 
 is he well ? '' 
 he answered , opening his eyes to look at me . 
 oh my god , he was chax 's brother ! 
 `` he was okay before i came here . 
 i do n't know if he still is . 
 how did you end up here ? '' 
 `` i was taken by thalia in my third year of service . 
 how did they get their hands on you ? '' 
 `` a girl from the hellhouse was in a trance , and i was worried for her and tried to help . 
 but the moment i touched her to stop her from walking off like that , she shifted here , taking me with her . '' 
 he closed his eyes again and leaned his head against the bars . 
 `` how long have they kept you here ? '' 
 i asked , knowing full well that chax was centuries old , hoping this guy was not . 
 `` centuries , '' he whispered , his eyes remaining closed . 
 ah crap ! 
 he has been here centuries ! 
 then it 's true ; there is no hope . 
 i might as well let him kill me and end my torment . 
 i closed my eyes and let my head fall down . 
 so this is defeat . 
 now i know what it feels like . 
 `` if you ever get your cuffs off while here , you would be able to shift back . 
 i also know that if you can take your masters head , you break their chant and you can shift . '' 
 i looked at him . 
 why give me hope when there was n't any ? 
 i 'd tried a million times to get the cuffs off , and draco did n't give me opportunities to kill him . 
 `` why do you give me advice when it is impossible ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` because i want you to kill me . '' 
 dread filled me . 
 i can kill a demon any day , but not a fallen . 
 never . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i ca n't , '' i replied and looked as the sadness in his eyes grew more . 
 `` hellhound , i have lived in this torment for many years . 
 the only thing keeping me alive is that i would not fall by a demon 's hand . 
 what i have endured in this place , i would not even give to my greatest enemy . 
 i beg you , end my life and set me free . 
 end this , '' he begged , his eyes filled with sadness . 
 he looked so old , so tired . 
 my heart broke into pieces . 
 this male was breaking me . 
 he looked at me with those sad eyes , begging me with them . 
 is this my future , begging someone to end my suffering ? 
 will i also stay here and fight for my life for centuries ? 
 well , at least i could give him peace , while there is none for me . 
 `` i will , caim , '' i replied , and then the mute guy shifted in , offering his hand . 
 i stood up and looked at caim . 
 this poor male has survived so long just to meet such an end . 
 `` pax vobiscum , caim , '' i said , meaning `` peace be with you . '' 
 he smiled at me , grateful for the mercy i was about to give him . 
 i felt a tear fall down my cheek ; this was so wrong . 
 this male deserved so much more . 
 `` vale , hellhound , '' he said and stepped back as thalia shifted in to take him to his death . 
 taking my swords , i walked over to the mute guy and took his hand , shifting to a fully packed arena . 
 the crowd was mad , the noise deafening . 
 the guy released my hand and draco came to stand next to me . 
 `` tonight you become the bellator , hellhound , '' he said , and walked to take his seat with the blonde guy and thalia . 
 caim stood in front of them , looking at me , smiling . 
 my heart was breaking . 
 the blonde guy took a stand and spoke to the crowd , driving it even crazier . 
 caim and i just looked at each other . 
 there has to be another way . 
 i ca n't do this . 
 i ca n't kill him . 
 i looked at my swords and tried to think of a plan . 
 i moved my knuckles over one , feeling the tingle , the chant preventing me from killing draco , but enabling me to kill all those that i have met here . 
 oh my freaking soul ! 
 my brain finally clicked into place . 
 of course , i could still kill another demon with them , so far anyone except for draco . 
 so that meant that the chant was just for draco . 
 i could n't kill him , but i could kill her . 
 or try and take off his cuffs . 
 this might just work . 
 i lifted my head and smiled at caim , who smiled back at me . 
 then the blonde guy stopped talking and the crowd went silent . 
 i transformed into my hellhound and caim followed suit . 
 during my time here i have also perfected my aim with my swords , using one to throw into a demon 's eye then the other to take its head . 
 this time i was going to test my skill to the limit . 
 i opened my wings and extended them to their full length . 
 they had grown with my body , becoming very big . 
 i lift off and flight was very easy . 
 i looked at thalia , sitting there a smile on her face . 
 i pulled them close to my back , feeling the tips of them touching my boots . 
 she was too close to draco , and the chant might stop me . 
 i had to go for the cuffs , so i advanced to caim , who was waiting for his death . 
 i moved fast . 
 my adrenalin was pumping in me like mad , excited by my finding and ready to test it . 
 when i was three steps from caim , he dropped his swords and let his arms hang to the ground . 
 he closed his eyes , waiting for deliverance . 
 `` fight , you worthless thing ! '' 
 thalia yelled at him , but he just stood there , ignoring her . 
 sorry , caim , not today ! 
 i raised both my swords , and a step before him , brought them down hard and fast , keeping my eyes on his arms to make sure the glide was accurate and not hurting him . 
 the cuffs broke and fell to the ground . 
 i looked up at him and he looked back at me , totally shocked . 
 `` shift ! '' 
 i yelled at him , but he was just standing there . 
 the air moved around me , and i knew reinforcements were here to take us down . 
 `` please ! 
 shift ! '' 
 i yelled at him , tears starting to roll down my cheeks , desperate to get him out of here . 
 he looked at me and nodded , made a graceful bow , and shifted to freedom . 
 i closed my eyes , tears flowing freely now . 
 i did it . 
 i saved him . 
 a fist slammed into me from the side . 
 before i would have landed on the ground , but now i just turned my head back and looked at the attacker , who was no other then thalia . 
 perfect . 
 `` you swine , he was mine ! '' 
 she yelled at me . 
 i moved so quickly she did n't even have a chance to try and punch me . 
 slicing her head off with one clean swipe , i kept my eyes on hers . 
 shocked , she looked back , trying to speak again , and then her head fell to the ground . 
 i looked into draco and the blonde guy 's eyes , standing behind her body , which followed her head down to the ground . 
 to hell with this . 
 i 'll go out with a fight . 
 i stepped back a few steps and braced myself . 
 the only one here i could n't kill was draco . 
 the rest were so dead . 
 demons started to shift in around me , growling and huffing , ready to take me down . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 the blonde guy yelled , and everyone stopped to look at him . 
 i just kept my eyes on the circle , watching for the first move . 
 `` thalia entered the battle arena and challenged the new bellator . 
 she has failed , '' he declared , and nodded to draco , who opened his hands , taking my swords back . 
 crap ! 
 he left me standing there without a weapon , but i still kept my stance . 
 i 'll take them down , even if i have to use my hands to do it . 
 the blonde guy came to stand in front of me , smiling . 
 `` draco , take our bellator and get her changed . 
 bring her with you , '' he said and walked away , the others following him . 
 draco walked up to me with an atlantic-wide smile on his face . 
 `` well done , my hellhound . 
 two for the price of one , '' he said and offered me his hand . 
 well , at least caim was safe and free now , and hopefully chax was still alive and well to help caim get back on his feet . 
 i took draco 's hand , and we shifted back to my room . 
 chapter 14 the moment we were in my room , i let go of him and walked away . 
 i felt him shift behind me and then planted myself at the table . 
 the whole caim thing was running through my mind . 
 i felt satisfied but my mood changed when i started to picture myself in a few centuries , ending up dead or forever imprisoned . 
 the air moved and draco stood to my right . 
 i did n't even look at him . 
 i 'd learned that by ignoring him , i could piss him off instead . 
 i took pleasure in it every time . 
 `` go refresh yourself and put this on . 
 lord ballen awaits our company , '' he commanded , and placed what looked like a dress on the table . 
 its cloth was hanging over the table edge , and yes , it was black and red , draco 's favorite colors . 
 `` i do n't think so , demon . 
 now it 's time for some new arrangements , '' i replied , and leaned back in my chair , looking up at him . 
 `` since when do you have any type of power to negotiate arrangements with me ? 
 i 'm your master , and you are my pet . '' 
 i smiled at him , waiting a few seconds for him to take it in . 
 i could see the moment when he started to get freaked out by it . 
 `` i believe the terms of your first arrangement have been met . 
 am i not the bellator ? '' 
 i asked , my teeth now filling out my smile . 
 his eyes grew wide and he turned , walking to my bed . 
 `` yes , '' he replied , standing with his back to me . 
 i know that all fallen , even demons , must submit to terms , or in his case , words . 
 i heartily thank vulcan for that delightful piece of info . 
 for months i had been planning this moment . 
 i knew it would come , and i knew that he would have no other option but to submit , but this time i had the upper hand . 
 i 'd refused a few times to fight until i saw kali . 
 he would then submit and bring her to me , so i could see her for a few minutes . 
 that 's all it would take to get me to fight for him . 
 she was still in some sort of trance , did n't recognize me , did n't take in what was happening around her ; she just stood there , looking at me like a zombie . 
 and she was always in one of his black , red , or purple goddess dresses . 
 `` the first arrangement will be that you release kali and deliver her to me . 
 she will stay with me , in this room , and you will make the necessary arrangements regarding a bed and so on . 
 and the word ` release ' means that you will release her from your influence completely , '' i said , still looking at his back and seeing the exact moment my words hit home . 
 `` and if i do not ? '' 
 he asked , turning around to look at me again . 
 `` then i will never fight again . 
 just like the male tonight , i will submit to my death . '' 
 i knew full well that would mean that he would lose any power he had gained with me . 
 and that he would have to start all over again , and the chance of him getting his claws on another hellhound was zero . 
 he stood there , looking at me , and he was mad , extremely mad . 
 do n't care . 
 this is my moment ; this is why i stayed alive . 
 `` agreed , '' he replied and kept his eyes on me . 
 i was smiling at him for once . 
 `` and draco , if you ever touch her again , the agreement will be broken . 
 understand ? '' 
 now he was pissed , his jaws locking together . 
 `` yes , is that your only arrangement ? '' 
 he asked and turned around , trying to compose himself , i suppose . 
 `` no , '' i replied , now leaning my arm over the chair 's back , looking at my nails , which , like always , were in perfect shape . 
 i had never broken a nail again after the third fight , and i wondered why . 
 `` what is your other demand ? '' 
 he asked , turning around to look at me again . 
 `` i believe that you need me to accompany you to occasions , like tonight , to show off your bellator pet ? '' 
 i said , looking at him again . 
 `` yes , it is required by our customs , '' he answered , frowning at me . 
 `` if you want me to accompany you on these little trips , i will , first off , not wear demeaning dresses like that . 
 i will dress in what suits me . 
 second , you will give me my weapons every time , '' i replied staring at him , my serious no bullshit face in place . 
 `` your weapons ? 
 why would you need them ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` because , demon , if your friends decide to attack me on these occasions , i will be able to protect myself . 
 it 's not like i can kill you , true ? '' 
 i replied , smiling at him again . 
 he paced up and down , thinking over the terms . 
 yeah , i knew i was cruel , but i had to be to survive down here . 
 he stopped and regarded me again , his mind made up . 
 `` agreed , but you may only use them if you are attacked , understand ? '' 
 he demanded , looking at me , trying to spook me with a serious face . 
 oh , please . 
 `` understood . 
 now , let 's begin . 
 release her and bring her to me , '' i said , getting up to my feet to look him in his face . 
 he backed up a step . 
 yeah , you should be afraid , demon . 
 you 're number one on my `` to kill '' list . 
 he shifted out without a word , and i went to my bed , removing my jacket and sitting down to wait for kali . 
 he shifted back in with her , and she was once again wearing one of the stupid dresses . 
 idiot demon . 
 he then moved his hand over her face and stepped back . 
 she was still looking at me , and i watched as the old kali came back into her eyes , tears filling them . 
 she closed her eyes and sank down to the floor , where she burst out in full tears and sobbed like hell . 
 i walked over to her , looking at draco , so mad i struggled to keep myself from attacking him . 
 `` leave us ! 
 i will be ready in an hour or so , '' i said to him slowly , my jaws clamping together , pissed off beyond words . 
 he nodded and shifted out , leaving us alone . 
 i bent down to the floor and closed my arms around her . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 he will never touch you again . 
 i promise , '' i murmured to her , trying to comfort her . 
 `` oh kas , just kill me . 
 i ca n't live with this . 
 please , just kill me , '' she struggled to say , her cries drowning out her words . 
 `` i 'm sorry , kali . 
 i ca n't . 
 i am so sorry for what he did to you , but i promise his head for it . '' 
 `` no , kas . 
 i ca n't go back like this . 
 who will take me knowing what i 've done ? 
 i ca n't , kas , please . '' 
 don 's words came to me again . 
 `` we all lose something in this war , young one . 
 some fall to the loss , but some like him rise above it and try to save others from the same fate . 
 there will be a day when this fate will cross your path . 
 when it does , you would have to make a choice : fall and be conquered by it , or rise above it to do good for others . '' 
 she has fallen . 
 no , i ca n't let her do this . 
 she needs to survive or everything so far would have been for nothing . 
 `` listen to me ! 
 you are beautiful beyond words . 
 any male who gets your attention must get down on his knees and say thanks . 
 no one , but no one , will ever know what happened here . 
 when we leave , all of it stays here . 
 got it ? '' 
 i asked her in a reassuring tone . 
 i lifted up her face to look at her . 
 after a moment , she looked at me and nodded . 
 i 'm going to kill him slowly for this ; he most likely took something that was meant to be special and wonderful with someone you cared for against her will . 
 yes , slow , very slow . 
 i 'll cut his throat inch by inch and listen to his screams . 
 `` kas , i 'm so sorry . 
 i tried to speak that day and tell you to run , but my mouth would not move . 
 i 'm so sorry . '' 
 `` no , you 're not going to slip into that . 
 i chose to help you , and you had no control . 
 we do this together , okay . 
 i promise i 'll get us out no matter what , '' i replied and she hugged me . 
 i think we both needed that hug . 
 it had been a very long time since someone had held me , and i was sure it had been even longer for her . 
 the irony of the situation was not lost on me , considering we started off hating each other . 
 now , here we were sitting here , hugging each other . 
 this was a step worth taking . 
 a rough one , and really bad , but worth it . 
 the mute guy shifted in , and kali jumped out of my arms and backed up against a wall , frightened by him . 
 i stood up and looked at him , taking a stand between him and her , blocking his view . 
 he stretched out his hands to offer me some new leather clothing . 
 i walked forward and took it , and then took a step back . 
 `` now leave , '' i commanded , and he shifted out . 
 i looked at the clothes , nice black leather with a red shine . 
 got to give it to the demon . 
 his style was improving . 
 i turned around and my eyes searching kali 's , worried for her . 
 `` i have to leave for a while , but no one will come near you . 
 `` in the closet , you will find some clothes if you want to get into something else , '' i finished and walked to the bathroom . 
 `` kas , you ca n't go with them ; it 's awful . 
 you do n't want to see , '' she pleaded , trying to stop me from going in the bathroom . 
 i looked up at her and smiled . 
 `` do n't worry , kali . 
 they wo n't dare touch me , '' i proclaimed and patted her hand . 
 `` i know draco and the other guy talked a lot about you , said that you are the most powerful fallen they have ever seen , but it 's not that , '' she said with what sounded almost like a sneer , and looked away , walking to the bed to sit down . 
 so they know i am a huge problem then , but what could be so bad ? 
 `` tell me , kali . 
 i need to know what i 'm up against . '' 
 `` they have clubs in the human world , and in these clubs very bad things happen . 
 humans mix with them , as if they were gods or something ; it 's very disgusting . '' 
 `` i heard chax once tell vulcan the same thing , but i need to go and see if i can find our way out , '' i replied , moving into the bathroom to get dressed . 
 she followed me in and took a stand at the door . 
 `` do n't trust ballen ; he 's like a leader or something . 
 i also think he 's a chiddigul , a very powerful one . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm counting on that . 
 i need someone else 's weapon to kill draco and get these freaking cuffs off . 
 he might just have some lying around , '' i replied and smiled at her the moment i was in my new pants . 
 `` look at you , '' she said , looking at me , her eyes wide . 
 `` what ? 
 is something wrong with it ? '' 
 i asked and looked down to see what the problem was . 
 `` no , the pants look great . 
 i 'm talking about you . 
 your body , the way you speak and act around them . 
 what happened to you , kas ? '' 
 she questioned , pity in her eyes . 
 `` i took the lemons i was given and made them into lemonade , kali . 
 do n't worry ; i 'm still myself , just way better . 
 besides , i needed to change to survive , '' i answered and then closed up the new top . 
 wow , this leather really looks freaking great . 
 `` i just hope you know what you 're doing , '' she said , and then turned around , walking out . 
 i only hoped i did , too . 
 well , no reason to sit around and wonder . 
 i needed to get going . 
 i walked out and found her on the bed , staring at the floor . 
 chax 's kiss came back to me . 
 for months i had forgotten about it , but now seeing her , it was back in my head and i felt very guilty . 
 would he have waited for her ? 
 i really hoped so ; she needed some kind of stability when we got back . 
 i walked over to get my jacket and flung it around my shoulders . 
 hell , i wonder if seth was still around , waiting ? 
 do n't think so ; do n't care . 
 my life was n't fun and games anymore . 
 i had a mission , and i was not letting anything stand in my way . 
 i also needed to get info out of draco to know how the hell he got into our dreams , so we could fight back . 
 at that i stopped and looked at her again . 
 `` kali , in your time with draco , did you see any more girls from exsilium ? '' 
 she looked at me shocked . 
 `` no , there was no one else . 
 why ? 
 did he take someone else too ? '' 
 she asked , tears starting up again . 
 `` not that i know of . 
 i just have to make sure . 
 i need to find out how he got into our dreams to get us here , and then we need to find a way to stop more demons from doing it , '' i replied , still looking at her sad face . 
 the old kali had died here too . 
 we both died the day we shifted in here . 
 `` he was in your dreams , too ? '' 
 `` yes , i thought i made him up or something , so i did n't worry about it . 
 but yeah , the moment i saw him standing there , in flesh and blood , i did a retake on that . 
 how long was he in yours ? '' 
 `` from the first night in the house . 
 i told my custos , and between him and chax , they were trying to help me . 
 but it did n't work . 
 chax said that no demon could penetrate exsilium , and that i was making it up from my ordeal . 
 that it must be because of mama and papa , '' she replied , her eyes drifting away at the mention of her parents . 
 poor girl . 
 wait , chax was helping her ? 
 `` so you and chax , you were n't , you know , dating ? '' 
 i asked , just to make sure . 
 `` oh , dear heaven , no ! 
 no one in their right mind would date him , '' she replied and looked at me , disgusted . 
 oh , my bad ! 
 well , hell , it looked like it . 
 `` what made you think that ? '' 
 busted . 
 `` the day i found the two of you in the lobby , it looked like i was interrupting something romantic . 
 sorry , did n't mean to think something like that . '' 
 `` oh no , i understand . 
 i was worried you knew about my problem , seeing that chax was your custos . 
 he was trying to penetrate my mind , but he could n't . 
 then he accused me of consorting with demons and ... '' she drifted off . 
 okay , that was n't nice of him , and he could have helped her . 
 wait a freaking minute ! 
 i hit pissed off again . 
 they knew and could have helped ! 
 instead , he accused her and left her to the demon 's mercy . 
 oh , he is so dead ! 
 good kisser or not , he 's dead . 
 all this could have been avoided . 
 we could have had normal lives , freaking idiot ! 
 fuming , i started to pace the room , pissed off at him . 
 silence followed my pacing . 
 `` now you look like nanini , '' kali broke the silence , and i stopped to look at her . 
 i stood there for a few seconds , and we both burst out laughing . 
 then the mute guy shifted in and we stopped . 
 time to get back to work . 
 i need answers and a way out of this hell hole , and i 'm going to get it . 
 i got myself together and looked at her . 
 `` i have to go , '' i said , and walked over to the guy . 
 before i took his hand , i wanted to make sure they got the message . 
 `` the one that dares to touch her , or try to visit her when i 'm gone , is dead , '' i threatened , looking him in the face . 
 he nodded and offered his hand to me . 
 taking it , i braced myself for the next step in my life . 
 chapter 15 he shifted me straight into a club . 
 metal music slammed into me and i looked around to take in the scene . 
 so gross . 
 kali was right ; this is disgusting . 
 some demons were fully transformed and some were in a human form . 
 the humans were drooling all over them . 
 girls and guys were dancing , kissing or clinging to them . 
 oh , this just pisses me off . 
 we have to go and serve a freaking eternity for this ? 
 oh , i so hope they deem these humans as demons , i would like to take a few heads as trophies , stupid humans . 
 the mute guy pulled on my jacket , and i turned to look at him . 
 he pointed up and gestured for me to follow him . 
 i nodded , and he started walking , so i followed . 
 we made our way through the crowd . 
 the moment a demon saw me , it would retreat or growl . 
 oh yeah . 
 i like this . 
 they are scared and they should be . 
 the moment i got my hands on my swords , i was going to pick a fight . 
 i needed something to work out my fury over chax 's stupid move . 
 we walked to a flight of stairs and the guy went up . 
 standing on the top were two guys playing bouncer . 
 oh please , like they 're going to stop me . 
 they opened up and as i passed them , i stopped to look at them , taking my time . 
 i could see that they were not happy with it ; one even took a step back . 
 i smiled and continued onwards , reaching a lounge where draco and the so-called ballen were sitting with a few girls , some demon and some human . 
 `` ah , bellator , welcome , '' ballen said and gestured for me to take a seat . 
 i looked at him and remained standing , crossing my arms over my chest and giving him an f-you look . 
 he smiled and looked at draco , who jumped up and rushed over to me . 
 `` take a seat , hellhound . 
 you do n't throw something back in his face , '' he whispered in my ear . 
 i stepped back and regarded him , a smile on my face . 
 like that was going happen . 
 `` come , hellhound . 
 i assure you it is quite safe , '' ballen said again , so i turned my eyes from draco and looked at him . 
 the human girl on his lap caught my attention instead , and i gave her a deathly glare . 
 stupid girl ! 
 her eyes went wide , and she climbed off his lap , passing by me , apologizing . 
 shocked , i turned to look at her . 
 did she think i wanted her spot ? 
 for heaven sake , get a freaking life ! 
 disgusted with the stupid girl , i returned my gaze to ballen and saw that he was not happy with me chasing away his entertainment . 
 `` take a seat , hellhound . 
 we had an agreement , '' draco demanded of me . 
 i looked at him , my expression making him step back . 
 i walked over to the couch and sat down , dropping one arm on the couch back and crossing one leg over the other . 
 `` that 's more like it ! 
 such a fine creature ca n't stand around and look like an ornament , '' ballen teased and gestured to a guy , who came with a bottle of wine and poured some into his glass . 
 but it was not wine that came out of it . 
 no , it was a dark thick liquid . 
 it was blood . 
 oh , that 's just gross . 
 i kept my eyes on him for a while to check out my new competition . 
 so , this is chiddigul ? 
 does n't really look that bad , well in his human form . 
 we 'll see what his demon 's form looks like . 
 i turned my gaze back on draco and found him staring at me , again . 
 he did that a lot these days , which was creepy . 
 `` my weapons ? '' 
 i asked him , remembering our deal and feeling a little underdressed without them . 
 `` yes , of course , '' he said and nodded to the mute guy , who shifted out and in a flash , returned holding a case in his hands . 
 what ? 
 he keeps my swords packed away ? 
 the mute guy walked to stand in front of me and offered the case . 
 taking it from him , i looked at draco . 
 this must be some sort of trap or something . 
 do n't trust this freak . 
 `` another gift for your performance of the day , '' draco murmured and gestured to the case . 
 yeah right , we 'll see . 
 i opened up the case slowly , just in case something was about to pop out of the thing , and found the two most beautiful swords i had ever seen , rivaling even chax 's . 
 lifting one up , i looked at it and glided my hand over the blade . 
 `` i had some words engraved on them ; i think it fits you perfectly , hellhound , '' ballen said from my right so i looked at him . 
 so this was from him and not draco . 
 yeah , there 's a catch coming . 
 i can just feel it . 
 returning my eyes to the sword , i looked at the engraved words starting at the base of the blade , lux mundi , which means `` the light of the world . '' 
 okay , now that 's creepy . 
 why on earth would he put those words on it ? 
 i was expecting something like ` pet ' or ` slave . ' 
 i brushed my hands over them to feel the texture , and power slammed through my fingertips , almost burning me . 
 the catch , of course ; they were charmed . 
 so , i got two new swords , which if i get this right , ca n't kill draco or this creep . 
 well , that leaves my hands for ballen and another plan for draco . 
 oh , i 'll find a way . 
 `` gratias , '' i said to ballen , looking him in his eyes with one of my wicked smiles , but instead of retreating like draco , his smile grew . 
 keeping my cool , i looked back at my swords . 
 okay , it 's official . 
 something gives with this gift . 
 i got up , and placed the two of them in the sheaths at the back of my jacket . 
 because of the charm , they slid in perfectly and when needed , released just as perfectly , giving me the edge . 
 now fully armed , i walked over to the railing and looked down , watching the stupid humans interact with these freaks . 
 some girls were kissing and rubbing the demons , while some were sitting on their laps laughing . 
 guys were feeling up female demons and kissing them too . 
 oh man , this is disgusting , stupid humans . 
 look what we do for them every day , trying to protect them from these things , and they throw it back in our faces . 
 ungrateful . 
 `` humans are such easy creatures . 
 they just need to see something beyond their little minds , and they fall to the ground and marvel at it , '' draco said , coming to stand next to me . 
 i said nothing , too pissed off at the moment . 
 `` are you sure that they are worth it ? '' 
 he went on , trying to hold a conversation . 
 `` tell me , draco , how did you get into my dreams ? '' 
 i asked , my eyes still on the crowd . 
 silence followed , so i turned my head to look at him . 
 he was standing there , silently regarding me . 
 `` oh , come on , draco . 
 it 's not like i 'm about to tell on you . 
 for that , i need to be able to get out of here , '' i teased , putting on a playful smile to break him . 
 he continued to look at me , weighing his options , returning his eyes to the crowd . 
 `` with a charm placed in the house , '' he replied . 
 okay , that takes care of the first half of how , now the rest . 
 `` for that you would need to place it there , which i know is not possible . 
 the truth , draco . '' 
 `` it 's the truth . 
 with the right price , lord ballen had the charm placed in the house . 
 when it is inside , it creates a `` wormhole , '' or as we call it , `` gateway '' into anyone 's dream that is in the vicinity . '' 
 `` i see , and how would ballen be able to place it in the house ? 
 as far as i know , you can not enter exsilium . '' 
 this is getting interesting . 
 `` ah yes , lord ballen has the service of spies inside exsilium . '' 
 `` spies ? '' 
 i asked , with a mocking expression on my face , trying to goad him into telling me the whole truth . 
 `` fallen , my dear . 
 fallen who are in his service , '' draco replied and added a huge smile to it . 
 keeping my face neutral , i tried not to show my surprise at those words , so i returned my eyes to the crowd . 
 `` i see . 
 i hope they got a good deal for it , '' i finished and pretended to look at everyone . 
 if i get out of here , their heads are mine . 
 as they say ` a pound of flesh . ' 
 well , i want the real thing . 
 `` indeed , i am told that their rewards are bountiful , '' he finished and then walked away . 
 so kali and i had to pay the price for traitorous fallen ? 
 oh , yes , they are so dead . 
 when i find them , they will have the same fate as draco . 
 `` hellhound , may i have the honor , '' ballen asked from my left . 
 he was standing there , offering his hand . 
 no way in hell am i touching it . 
 i could end up somewhere much worse . 
 i gave him a `` yeah right '' look and added a smile . 
 `` come now . 
 i promise that you will find this quite interesting , '' he said , gesturing for me to lead the way . 
 interesting , yeah right , most likely a trap or something . 
 hell , at least i would get some fun in for the day . 
 so , ignoring his hand , i took the step and led the way to the floor below . 
 at the bottom , i stopped and turned to look at him . 
 he smiled and nodded with his head to the dance floor , and then walked in that direction . 
 as we walked , the crowd cleared the way , either in fear of me or in fear of ballen . 
 many dropped their eyes , too afraid to look at him . 
 so , this guy is important . 
 it 's too damn bad my swords are charmed . 
 he stopped in the middle of the dance floor and offered me his hand again . 
 does n't he learn ? 
 i smiled again and gave him a really dirty look , just to make sure he got the message . 
 he apparently got it , and started to dance slowly in front of me . 
 i just stood there looking at him . 
 no way am i dancing with this freak . 
 i looked around us and saw that everyone had stopped dancing , and were staring at us . 
 ballen moved closer to me , and i prepared myself for an attack . 
 `` you have come far in this world , hellhound . 
 but draco and i had a talk last night . 
 you are a force to be reckoned with when it comes to one-on-one combat , but can you deliver the same when it comes to an all-out battle ? '' 
 he said , his smile growing with each word . 
 oh , why am i not surprised . 
 they are so predictable . 
 i stepped in front of him , face to face , and looked him in the eyes . 
 `` bring it on , demon , '' i replied , and then backed away , removing my swords and taking a stand . 
 he bowed , and then walked off the dance floor . 
 demons started to take their places around me , creating a circle of attack . 
 oh yeah , now this is more like it ! 
 let 's see what my newfound skills can do . 
 game on ! 
 i transformed and spread my wings . 
 they stretched all the way to the demons circling me , and while some stepped back , others just looked at me more determined . 
 snapping them closed , i looked around me . 
 ten of them were standing around me , and as my eyes fell on them , they transformed into their demon bodies , two standing even higher than me . 
 no problem . 
 i know how to deal with those . 
 i took in the whole picture , watching , calculating , and then reached within me for that special place . 
 i called it my hellhound place . 
 i gathered my inner strength and took a deep breath , blowing it out slowly . 
 as the last bit of air left my body , i doubled up on it , moving at the same time . 
 with one step forward , i took the legs out from one of the big demons , and as he fell to his knees , a clean swipe had his head falling . 
 i felt two demons coming in from my back , so i whipped out my wings , sending them flying into the crowd . 
 next came a bull-like guy , storming at me with his head down . 
 stupid idiot , always keep your eyes on your enemy . 
 the moment he was in front of me , i stepped aside and brought up my arm , taking his head . 
 the next to fall was the one standing behind him . 
 two swipes and he fell to the ground . 
 i used his body to step on before it fell , jumping with a back flip over the two that were approaching me from behind . 
 in the air i took both their heads . 
 everything was in slow motion ; slow , accurate , and fatal . 
 when my feet landed , i brought up my arms to my sides , turning the blades to the back , stabbing the next two at my back in their torsos . 
 quickly pulling my swords from them , i went for the two in front of me , the last big one behind them . 
 i pushed off the ground with my wings , and landed between them , crouching . 
 first swiping their feet , and then planting my boot on one skull , crushing it . 
 i just loved the sound . 
 my left sword took the head off the other , and then it was just the big guy and me . 
 now , the thing with being so big was that you were n't able to move quickly enough . 
 i was jumping around him , slicing at his legs to bring him down . 
 before he got hold of me , i would already be at the other side . 
 big also equals dumb . 
 he fell to the ground , and i moved fast , swiping two times to take his head off , as his neck was pretty thick . 
 i turned around and my eyes fell on the last two . 
 they were standing there looking at me . 
 they hesitated . 
 never hesitate . 
 always go for the kill , idiots . 
 i moved forward and they both turned around to try to make a run for it , so i lifted up . 
 with my swords ready , i landed on them both . 
 my swords wound up in their backs . 
 they screamed and tried to remove them , unable to reach the blades . 
 i pulled out one sword and moved quickly , taking one 's head before he even had a chance to react . 
 i pulled out the other blade slowly . 
 the demon roared and fell to the ground , trying to escape the pain . 
 i stepped forward and pressed my boot to his back , pinning him down . 
 he tried to turn to look at me . 
 `` misericordia ! '' 
 he screamed , begging for mercy . 
 sorry , there is none left in me . 
 i brought down my blade , removing his head from his body . 
 his screaming died the moment my blade penetrated his flesh . 
 i looked up , and then walked towards the crowd . 
 looking at them , i tried to entice them to attack . 
 but as i walked in a circle , they all just backed away , too afraid to try me . 
 i stopped when i heard someone applauding the scene . 
 i turned around to see ballen walking to stand in front of me `` well done , hellhound . 
 indeed you are untouchable , '' he said , smiling at me . 
 `` see , draco , you have misjudged your pet . 
 she is , by far , the best of them all . 
 look at her , such beauty but also lethal . 
 not even caim could deliver such a battle , '' he went on . 
 the mention of caim 's name had me hoping that he made it home okay , and for all the suffering he had to endure , that he had finally found some measure of peace . 
 not like we have a chance of that , but hey , one can hope . 
 i walked over to one of the demon 's bodies , and using my sword , cut off some of its clothing . 
 bringing it up to my hand , i wiped my blades clean as i stared at ballen . 
 come on , i want to kill you . 
 but alas , he just stood there , looking at me . 
 draco joined him , but unlike ballen he had no smile ; instead he looked at me intensely . 
 oh yeah , draco , i 'll be the one to take your head . 
 you can count on it . 
 `` come , hellhound . 
 let 's celebrate your victory , '' ballen said and turned around , the crowd clearing the way for him as he made his way up the stairs again . 
 i replaced my swords in their sheaths , and looked at draco , who was still standing there , looking at me . 
 `` do n't you want to play , draco ? '' 
 i teased him , knowing he was too chicken to try . 
 `` come , hellhound , '' he replied and gestured for me to take the lead . 
 i looked around at the crowd . 
 even the humans ' eyes were huge , scared to death . 
 good , see what will happen to you if you continue this course , imbeciles ? 
 transforming back to normal , i walked past draco and took the stairs . 
 the crowd cleared even quicker than with ballen . 
 oh yeah , this i like . 
 smiling , i looked at them all , waiting for some idiot to try something , but no , they were all too scared . 
 i walked up to the stairs and with my first step , my eyes caught a pair of green emerald eyes , the face darkened by the corner it was hiding in . 
 but the green eyes were clear , standing out like a beacon . 
 stopping dead , my heart skipped a few beats . 
 i knew those eyes . 
 how could i forget them ? 
 chax . 
 `` hellhound ? '' 
 draco said from behind me . 
 i kept my eyes on chax . 
 how easy could it be just to run to him and get the hell out of here ? 
 but then kali will be left alone , and in their hands she would suffer alone for centuries . 
 i pulled myself together . 
 i could n't leave her . 
 so i looked away from his eyes , and started walking up to where i had begun my journey tonight . 
 each step was a stab into my heart . 
 my brain was screaming at me to turn around and run to chax , to get the hell out of here , but my heart was reminding me of kali , and i listened to it . 
 reaching the top of the stairs , i was near my breaking point , about to reach that part of me i had left behind a long time ago , my weaker self . 
 i turned around and faced draco . 
 `` enough , take me back , '' i demanded of him . 
 the moment my eyes met his , i was back to my new self , back to the killer i had become . 
 draco looked at me for a few seconds , and then nodded to someone behind me . 
 the mute guy came to stand next to him . 
 `` return her , and ensure they have what they need , '' he said to the guy , who in return offered me his hand . 
 i walked forward and reached for his hand . 
 to hell i return then . 
 i took it , shifting back to kali and my room . 
 kali jumped up and backed away from us . 
 i let go of his hand and walked over to the bed , taking out my swords and placing them on the bed . 
 the guy shifted out , leaving us alone . 
 `` kas , are you okay ? 
 you 're covered in blood ! '' 
 kali asked , still standing in front of the bathroom door . 
 `` yes , i took out ten demons for ballen 's entertainment , '' i replied , taking off my jacket . 
 i could n't look at her yet . 
 for some reason i felt guilty for even thinking to go to chax and leaving her here . 
 `` oh my god , did they hurt you ? '' 
 she asked , now moving to stand next to me . 
 i looked up at her face and saw the tears in her eyes . 
 yeah , kas , you still have a bit of weakness in you . 
 you need to get rid of it . 
 `` no , they did n't even get a chance to touch me , '' i replied , smiling to give her some comfort . 
 she turned her head to the bed where my swords lay . 
 `` swords ? 
 can they get us out of here ? '' 
 she asked , her eyes fixed on them . 
 does she even know how to use them ? 
 we needed to test that , get her up and fighting . 
 if we want out of here , we were both going to have to make a stand and take the first opportunity we could get . 
 i could n't have a weakling to protect if that moment came . 
 `` they can kill other demons , but not draco or ballen , '' i answered , feeling the air move and turned around to see who was shifting in . 
 the mute guy shifted in with two others , a bed in their hands . 
 they walked over to the spot still open next to my bed , kali backing away to the bathroom again . 
 i looked at her . 
 she is too scared , and we need to fix that . 
 i returned my eyes to the demons , watching them put the bed down and shifting out again . 
 my attention went back to kali . 
 `` kali , do you want to get out of here ? '' 
 i asked her , walking slowly to her . 
 `` yes , of course , how can you ask me such a stupid question ? '' 
 `` if that is the case , you need to suck it up and find that fighter i met at the hellhouse . 
 i need her by my side when the time comes . 
 if you ca n't move beyond this , we are both stuck here for the rest of our existence , or until someone like ballen gets the opportunity to kill us . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 yeah , i sound like chax . 
 still looking at her , i could see the war she had inside herself . 
 her scared eyes slowly changed back to those of the kali with the attitude . 
 `` yes , you 're right , but i ca n't fight like you , '' she said , and i could see the doubt in her eyes . 
 `` we will fix that . 
 the moment they 're done here , our training starts . 
 we need to learn to work together , just like when we trained with the teams , '' i replied . 
 the air moved again , but this time just the mute guy shifted in holding a stack of clothes in his hands . 
 i walked over to him and took a piece , opening it to find a dress . 
 `` i 'm afraid this wo n't do anymore . 
 get some like mine , '' i told him . 
 he stood there for a while , looking at me , and then at kali , then nodded and shifted out . 
 `` sorry , kali . 
 i know these clothes are n't what you are used to , but believe me , when the time comes , you will see the benefit they have , '' i said , turning to look at her again . 
 `` actually , i must admit , you look pretty bad ass in them . 
 let 's see if i can make them look as good as you . 
 but i think i 'll look even better then you , '' she replied , a wicked smile on her face . 
 yeah , there 's the kali i know . 
 she 's back in the game . 
 good , we 're going to need all we can pull together . 
 chapter 16 so , kali and i started training . 
 each day we would spar against each other . 
 i shared my knowledge of what i had learned so far , and as the days passed , she grew stronger , faster , and deadlier . 
 now we looked like sisters , with the same clothes and attitudes to pull off the look . 
 every time we sparred , i would push her harder , like chax pushed me . 
 i did the same , bringing out her born fallen . 
 she had reached a point where her scream even breaks the glass in our room , and i in return learned to take it , my eardrums growing accustomed to it . 
 the first time it happened , draco shifted in to see what was up . 
 the moment he landed he shifted out , unable to take it . 
 he never asked what happened , just gave us both a look . 
 my nights out were still on ballen 's entertainment list , and some nights i would take on up to fifteen demons . 
 some nights there were none , because they were all too scared . 
 we moved from one club to another , and in many cases , the humans in the clubs would speak another language , giving away yet another country . 
 the more i ended up in the clubs , the more humans would be attending . 
 i never saw chax again . 
 i always looked for him or someone in the crowd , but nothing . 
 i came to the conclusion that he believed that i wanted to stay , by continuing on with draco . 
 it hurt a little , but who gave a damn . 
 tonight , kali and i were getting ready for the night . 
 last night , i made it clear to draco that she would be accompanying me on my nights out . 
 if he did n't like it , i would stay or even go further and attack ballen . 
 after a long while of thinking it over , he agreed , returning to place cuffs on her wrists . 
 i talked to her about them , to assure her that the cuffs could come off . 
 so she stood her ground and allowed them to be put on . 
 i also got him to give her the two swords i used when i started out on this insane mission , and he complied , knowing they could n't kill him . 
 when he brought them , i took them from him , and found ballen 's power on them . 
 now the mute guy shifted in , offering both his hands for us . 
 i looked at kali . 
 `` you ready for this ? '' 
 i asked , making sure the old kali was still there . 
 she turned and looked at me . 
 `` oh yeah , let 's dance , '' she replied , a wicked smile on her face . 
 our plan was simple : find any weapon and we would work together to steal it to get the cuffs off . 
 no matter what , we would get out of here . 
 during the last fight some of them were armed , but the moment the weapons hit the floor , they would be swooped away from me , ballen directing them to him . 
 i had to give it to him ; he was n't stupid . 
 but still , with two around , he would n't be able to move fast enough . 
 taking his hands , we were shifted to a club i knew was in russia somewhere . 
 could n't make out a word they said , so i brought home a word and asked kali , who could speak five languages . 
 she told me the meaning and explained that it was russian . 
 the more words i brought to the room , the more i could start identifying the clubs and in which country we were in . 
 just in case we got lucky . 
 it had to be tonight . 
 ballen had been taking a bigger interest in me . 
 he even tried to touch me last night , and i almost took off his hand when i got hold of him . 
 instead of backing down , he was more eager and excited to try me , the damn freak . 
 it would n't be long now , and i would end up with one hell of a problem , and this time i 'd puke all over the place . 
 the mute guy gestured for us to follow . 
 unlike the other clubs , this one had a spot reserved on the first floor for ballen . 
 we walked behind the guy , and found draco and ballen with their choice of girls for the night . 
 we took a stand a few steps from them , both folding our arms in front of our chests . 
 yeah , from not so best pals , to twins . 
 together , we made one hell of a sight . 
 draco and ballen looked at us , draco 's face serious , ballen 's almost ecstatic . 
 oh , gross . 
 `` welcome , come take a seat and enjoy the night . '' 
 ballen gestured for us to sit across from him on a couch . 
 we just stood there looking at him , and i 'm sure both our faces said the same thing , `` f-you '' , so he just smiled , looking at us . 
 something else i noticed was that draco was starting to take a protective stand when it came to me . 
 last night he moved in between ballen and me , shifting me back . 
 do n't know what 's up with that , and i do n't freaking care . 
 `` i think i 'll go see if we can pick a fight tonight . 
 seeing that we are two now , the game just might bring some more fun to it , '' i stated and turned around , walking back to the crowd . 
 kali followed me , the mute guy behind her . 
 he became my watchdog . 
 if i took walks like these , he would follow at a safe space and keep an eye on me . 
 well , tonight he had two to babysit . 
 i gave kali a look that by now she knew just what i wanted her to do : check for weapons and get her hands on them . 
 the crowd came into view and the moment they saw us , they started to clear up . 
 kali took the left and me the right . 
 walking around , watching everyone , i looked over at kali just to make sure no one tried anything . 
 they knew me , but not her . 
 i found that she was having no problems . 
 just like they parted for me , they were doing the same for her , probably because she was glaring at them with deadly intent . 
 reaching the middle of the club , i stopped and perused the crowd , looking for weapons under clothes and stuff , but like always , i found nothing . 
 i started walking again , all the while searching . 
 i looked back and found the mute guy standing at the split point , having trouble keeping his eyes on both of us . 
 yeah , this is working . 
 i walked around on my side , kali looking on hers , both of us trying our best to find something , when all of a sudden a huge fight came crashing through the club 's doors . 
 i turned around to see what was up , and just like that , kali was standing next to me . 
 the crowd parted , and i could see two human guys being pushed and shoved into the club , covered in blood . 
 the demons doing the shoving were herding them to the dance floor , locking them in the middle . 
 finding this interesting , i followed and took a front seat , the crowd watching kali and me to make sure we did n't try anything . 
 the humans in front of us were being circled by demons . 
 i stopped and kept my eyes on the scene . 
 `` are they human ? '' 
 kali asked beside me , her voice so low that only i could hear her . 
 we had practiced a lot for this . 
 `` i believe so . 
 wonder what they did to end up in the middle of what looks like dinner ? '' 
 i replied , my eyes still on them . 
 the human guys were back to back , standing their ground . 
 a demon moved in and one of them kicked him back out . 
 then two more were on them and the humans were giving them a fight . 
 i must admit , for humans they were doing pretty good . 
 just like kali and me , they were fighting to survive this ; they used each other to punch and kick . 
 but being human in this world had its limitations . 
 one of them was struck by a demon 's claw and was kneeling on the floor from the punch , the other trying to protect him from the blows that followed . 
 something stirred in me when the second one also ended up badly clawed . 
 now , with both of them down , the demons moved in for the kill . 
 `` so , humans , you still think you can take us on ? '' 
 one asked them . 
 the guy with black hair looked up and replied , `` till the very end , demon . '' 
 and then he tried to get in a punch and failed . 
 i gave kali a look and we moved into the fight , transforming on the first step . 
 the first two demons in front of me did n't know what hit them , their heads falling to the ground quickly followed by their bodies . 
 kali and i took a protective stand , the humans behind us . 
 `` hellhound ! '' 
 ballen yelled from the crowd , and they parted for him . 
 he walked up to us and stood in front of me . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he asked , pissed off for the first time . 
 draco and the bouncers flanked his sides . 
 `` picking a fight , of course . 
 the winner gets the humans , '' i replied , giving him a wicked smile . 
 he looked at us for a while , thinking it over . 
 `` and what would you do with them if you win ? '' 
 he asked , looking back at me . 
 damn , that is a good question . 
 i did n't think that far ahead . 
 okay , what will we do ? 
 if i said let them go free , i knew they would n't reach the door alive . 
 no , i had to think of something else . 
 i looked at kali , asking without a word for some help . 
 she looked at me , then down at the one she was protecting . 
 she looked back at me , a wicked smile on her face , even more wicked than usual . 
 oh crap , here we go . 
 she looked at ballen . 
 `` we are women , you know ; we do like to have fun , '' she replied , and i almost had a heart attack . 
 what the hell ?! 
 shocked , i looked at her . 
 i asked for help , not for her to make it even worse . 
 what the hell made her say that ? 
 ah hell , it was already done , so i composed myself and looked at ballen , who was smiling like a freaking schoolboy . 
 `` yes , harpy , i remember you liked to have fun , '' he said and at that both kali and i made a step towards him . 
 draco and the others took a stand in front of him . 
 we stopped , and i looked at kali to see if she was okay . 
 the face looking at ballen said that i had just lost a fine trophy . 
 this one is kali 's , and she is going to make him suffer . 
 `` then so be it . 
 if you two win , they are yours , for pets , '' he announced , and the demons surrounding us started to attack . 
 we stepped back to the humans , making sure they stayed between us , and together kali and i started swiping away demon heads . 
 it felt like hundreds storming at us , but we kept our stand , making sure the humans stayed untouched . 
 i was crouching down to take out a big demon 's legs , to get to its head , when my human asked me , `` why are you doing this , demon ? 
 we will never be your pets . '' 
 keeping my eyes on the big demon , which was falling to the ground , i replied , `` i am not a demon ; i 'm a fallen taken prisoner by them . '' 
 i swiped my blade , taking the head off the big demon , his body falling to the ground . 
 i kicked it back as hard as i could and sent it flying into the demons attacking behind him , taking a few with it . 
 `` you look like one , '' the guy threw back , a rich russian accent to top it off . 
 `` have you ever heard the term `` fight fire with fire ? '' 
 we are god 's solution to the demon problem , '' i retorted and ducked from a sword coming my way . 
 taking the demons head , i kept my eyes on the sword . 
 the moment it hit the ground , it was swooped away . 
 `` damn ! '' 
 i yelled , pissed off that i could n't reach a weapon to take off the cuffs . 
 i quickly looked at kali . 
 `` any luck on your side ? '' 
 i asked her , turning my head to take on another demon on my left . 
 `` no , they 're taken away too fast . 
 i ca n't get my hands on one , '' she replied , taking out a demon in front of her . 
 our training did her good ; she was giving them hell and taking heads like a pro . 
 i returned my attention to the ones attacking from the front . 
 `` what are you looking for ? '' 
 i heard the guy ask , now standing at my back . 
 so he got back up . 
 good , he can help . 
 `` i need a weapon from someone else to remove the cuffs on my wrists . 
 without them , we can get the hell out of here , '' i replied , my eyes on the demons . 
 i took two more heads , but demons just kept on coming from somewhere . 
 i looked past two of them and saw three more shifting in . 
 so , ballen had made this an all-out game . 
 fine , we will kill them all . 
 i was about to swipe another head when my arm was grabbed from behind . 
 turning to kill , i stopped myself just in time . 
 the human had a weapon in his hand and was sticking it under my cuff to cut it off . 
 adrenalin pumped into me at the sight , and i killed two in front of me with one swipe . 
 the moment i felt the cuff fall , i quickly changed hands and the human got to work on the other one . 
 when the last one fell i yelled to him , `` get hers too , now ! '' 
 now going full force and delighted that i was so out of here in a few seconds , i started killing everything that was coming at me . 
 i just took off a female demon 's head when kali yelled , `` now , the hellhouse lobby ! '' 
 and at that , i turned and grabbed the human behind me as she was grabbing hers . 
 with the lobby of the hellhouse in my mind i tried to shift , but nothing happened . 
 i looked up at her , shocked to the core ; her face said the same . 
 we were so screwed . 
 i felt a blade pierce my wing , and then my side . 
 i screamed , biting down the pain . 
 kali reached for me , and the moment she touched me we shifted out and landed in a dark street , the demon with his sword still in me . 
 kali moved quickly and took his head , leaving the blade inside of me . 
 the two humans backed away from us , standing at a safe distance , not trusting us . 
 i looked down at the blade . 
 `` ah , damn , this hurts like hell , '' i said , trying to pull the blade out but i could n't . 
 it was agony pulling on it because my wing was locked between it and my body . 
 kali came to my side and crouched beside me . 
 `` oh damn . 
 kas , what do i do ? '' 
 she asked , looking at the blade sticking out of my side . 
 `` step aside , '' one of the humans demanded , and the one with black hair took her place . 
 it was night time where we landed , so i could n't make out a lot of him when he looked down at the blade . 
 he lifted his head and i started to see his face , still covered in blood . 
 `` this will be quick , but is going to hurt , '' he said , looking at me . 
 i started laughing . 
 `` no , really ? '' 
 i replied , pissed off that the first shift did n't work . 
 what the hell happened ? 
 why ca n't we shift to the hellhouse ? 
 he smiled at me and grabbed the blade at my back . 
 with one yank , it was out , and blood spurted out of the wound . 
 biting down a scream , i tried moving my wing away but failed . 
 he pressed his hands on the wound and looked at the other guy . 
 `` call for help , now , '' he said , and the other guy pulled out a cell phone , calling someone . 
 he had dark brown hair , and it looked like his eyes were brown too , but young , too young for this . 
 yeah , i was only what , eighteen , i think , but at least i had a fallen body to give me an edge , whereas this guy just had a human one . 
 i looked back at the black haired guy and found him looking at me strangely . 
 oh damn , i was still transformed ! 
 so i went back to my human form , pain shooting through me . 
 i kept my eyes on him . 
 i could see the doubt in his eyes . 
 yeah , seeing something like this and believing i 'm not a demon is testing your faith . 
 he had blue eyes , and i must say a very nice face , strong cheekbones , and a nice mouth to go with it . 
 crap , i obviously still have my teen hormones and need to lose them fast . 
 `` so , while we wait for our pickup , want to explain to me what 's going on ? '' 
 he asked , looking at me , and then at kali , who had also returned to normal . 
 `` it 's a long story , '' kali replied , and came to my other side , crouching down next to me . 
 `` we did it , kas . 
 we made it out , '' she said and smiled at me . 
 only then did it sink in . 
 oh my soul , we escaped ! 
 relieved , and a little happier , i looked at her . 
 `` yeah , and we made it look good while at it , '' i responded , smiling at her . 
 my eyelids grew heavy and i was having trouble keeping them open . 
 `` kas ! 
 you 've got to stay awake ! '' 
 she yelled at me . 
 i was not healing fast enough to stop the blood loss and her concerned face was slowly being replaced by darkness . 
 the black haired guy yelling at his friend . 
 `` where are they ! '' 
 was the last thing i heard before darkness claimed me . 
 chapter 17 i woke up and the first thing i saw was a white ceiling . 
 turning my head to the right , i took in my newfound surroundings . 
 i was in what looked like a hospital room , but no machines or stuff were connected to me . 
 damn , i was hoping everything had been just some sort of coma thing . 
 `` kasadya levourne , if you ever do that to me again , i 'll kill you myself , '' kali said from my left , so i turned my head to look at her , and started laughing . 
 she was pissed and giving me a deathly glare . 
 `` kali , you know we ca n't die like that , '' i reminded her . 
 `` does n't matter . 
 you totally scared the hell out of me . 
 do you know what it 's like to see someone who has become your friend pass out on you because of a wound ? 
 next time , i 'll take the punch and you can sit here for five hours and look at my body lying on a bed . '' 
 ah man , had to give it to her . 
 she knows how to get a girl out of bed . 
 i sat up and felt the sheets run over my flesh . 
 grabbing them , i lifted them up and looked under them to find myself naked , with only underwear on . 
 `` why the hell am i naked ? '' 
 i asked her , remembering the two guys , and i could feel the red spreading out all over my face . 
 i looked at her to make sure that no way in hell did they undress me . 
 `` because , kas , every time melissa tried to cut open your leathers to get to your wound , they would repair on their own . 
 so we undressed you . 
 your wound had already healed by the time we got them off , so she only cleaned you up , '' kali replied , still sitting on a chair looking at me with a pissed off expression . 
 `` please tell me the two guys were not in the room when you did it ? 
 i swear i 'll kill them if they were . '' 
 i went on , still rattled over the whole naked thing . 
 `` no , melissa ordered them to leave when she started cutting your clothes , so they left . 
 and by the way , they are not the only two guys . 
 when we landed here , about twenty were waiting for us , fully armed . 
 we were then escorted to the emergency room and then to this room . '' 
 `` okay , where are my clothes so i can get dressed ? 
 and while i 'm doing it , you can fill me in on what we 've gotten ourselves into this time , '' i replied , and got out of the bed . 
 i transformed to look at my wing , but found it completely healed , just like my body . 
 i changed back and turned to look at kali , who was walking to me with my clothes in her hands . 
 i took them and started with my pants . 
 `` okay , so where are we ? '' 
 i began questioning , trying to get as much info as i could and get back up to speed with our newfound friends . 
 `` it 's some sort of base or facility . 
 they airlifted us out from the street we landed in , which by the way , was my old hometown , and then transported us here . 
 it 's still in russia but i could n't make out the location . '' 
 okay , so these guys had some resources to help them out , and clearly they had even more by look of the room . 
 hi-tech medical machines were everywhere . 
 some of them i did n't even have a clue what they were or did . 
 `` anything else you can tell me about this place or the two humans we rescued ? 
 who is this melissa you were talking about ? '' 
 i went on . 
 `` melissa , i think , is some sort of doctor here , and the two guys i believe are soldiers . 
 all the other guys were suited up in the same gear when we stepped off the helicopter . 
 but believe me , that 's the easy part . 
 it 's the fae male they call commander that gets me totally confused . '' 
 `` what , a fae ? 
 what the hell is a fae doing here with humans ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 the moment she mentioned him , i stopped dressing and looked at her , confused at the fae and humans calling him their commander . 
 as fallen we were not allowed to create such a relationship with humans ; it was taboo . 
 `` i have no idea . 
 i was too consumed by fear for a hellhound , who passed out on me , to ask , '' kali sarcastically responded , planting her butt back in the chair . 
 okay , so she had a fright . 
 she needs to get used to it . 
 i 'd taken way more than that stab when i started off in hell , and like i said , we did n't die that easily . 
 but man , it still hurts like hell , and we could bleed out . 
 it took a long time for our healing to take place , and in the case of blood loss like mine , even longer . 
 but hey , five hours did n't sound that bad . 
 `` okay , let 's get out of here and see what the hell is going on . 
 maybe the fae can tell us what 's up with the shifting thing , '' i said to her , fully dressed and sliding my jacket on . 
 she got up and walked over to me . 
 her face had started turning back to normal , but i could see she was still mad over the whole passing out thing . 
 `` so , where are my swords ? '' 
 i asked , looking around . 
 i still felt naked without them . 
 `` he took them . 
 he said we do n't need them inside the base . 
 he will return them when we leave , '' she answered , and at that , i turned to stare at her . 
 `` okay , so we are unarmed , in a facility with about twenty fully armed men . 
 hey , at least we get to look at something not demon this time . 
 come on . 
 let 's get the hell out of here and find a fallen to beat up , '' i said , walking to the door . 
 i opened it and found two guys with guns jumping to stand in front of me , weapons raised . 
 clearly we need to do this calmly . 
 slowly raising my hands , i looked at them . 
 yep , definitely humans . 
 i could take them but i had just gotten rid of a wound , and was n't looking forward to dodging bullets . 
 `` alright , guys , chill out . 
 we just want our stuff , and then we will leave . '' 
 i said , kali coming to stand next to me . 
 `` come with us . 
 commander amon will speak with you , '' one of them instructed , and the other one took the lead . 
 the one who spoke fell in behind us , his weapon ready . 
 okay , what the hell is going on here ? 
 we were led through hallway after hallway until finally the guy at our front stopped at a door and opened it . 
 he walked inside so we followed . 
 inside a blond guy with blue eyes sat behind a desk , looking at a computer screen . 
 a blonde woman was sitting on the couch talking to him , but stopped when we entered . 
 the two armed men took positions at the door , so kali and i walked up to the pair at the desk and stood , waiting . 
 `` where are our weapons ? '' 
 i asked , already pissed off at the fae sitting behind the desk , and desperately wanting to get out of here . 
 he glanced up at kali and me , before leaning back in his chair , still looking at us . 
 `` they are safe , but i will only give them to you when you are out of my base , '' he replied , checking out both of us . 
 `` who are you and what the hell are you doing here ? '' 
 i went on , trying to figure out this setup . 
 `` my name is amon paganus , and as you know , i 'm a fallen just like you . 
 but in my case , i 'm considered to be a deserter or traitor , as so many of you say , '' he answered , standing up and walking around the desk to stand before us . 
 he crossed his arms over his chest . 
 okay , trying to make a challenge , i see . 
 no problem . 
 two can play that game . 
 so i did the same , which only made him smile . 
 `` what are you doing here with humans ? 
 you know the law ? '' 
 i questioned , maintaining my stand off against him . 
 i 'd battled demons . 
 hell , i even took on ballen , and would have liked to kill him , but alas that would be left for another day . 
 no way in hell was this guy going to scare me off , even if he had twenty fully armed guys . 
 they could still die . 
 `` okay , you two , that 's enough , '' the woman said , coming to stand at his side but looking at us intently . 
 amon smiled and took her in his arms , pressing a kiss to her cheek . 
 now the two stood there in each other 's arms , like a real couple , looking at kali and me . 
 i turned to kali to see if she also getting this , and indeed , the shock on her face said it all . 
 this guy was in so much freaking trouble . 
 i returned my eyes to them . 
 `` my name is melissa paganus , and i 'd be the wife to this insane man , '' melissa offered , extending her hand to shake . 
 i was even more shocked that he went so far as to marry her , and i took her hand in silence and shook it . 
 `` come . 
 let 's go get something to eat . 
 i know when amon gets hurt he needs to regenerate himself with food , '' melissa said , taking his hand and leading him out the door . 
 i just stood there , watching the two lovebirds leave the room . 
 `` kali , i think this guy is so dead when they see this , '' i pronounced and turned to look at her , only to find her looking at the floor . 
 `` kas , if someone held me like that and showed such love , i would take it . 
 even a human , '' she replied and looked back up at me . 
 `` a fallen male can also give you that , kali . 
 you know our law clearly states that what they 're doing is wrong , '' i said and gestured for her to follow as we walked out with our armed men at our backs . 
 `` yes , i know that , but maybe this fallen has a real good explanation for it . 
 just hear them out before you go all crazy on them , '' she went on . 
 i just kept my mouth shut and walked behind , following them into a room where a lot of human men were gathered at a table , getting some food . 
 the moment my nose caught the scent my stomach rumbled . 
 oh man , melissa was right about that part . 
 amon gestured for us to take the two spots open across from them , so i planted myself immediately and looked at the food . 
 `` help yourselves . 
 there is more than enough , '' amon said , so i did n't waste any time . 
 i grabbed a scoop of mashed potatoes and then some meat , which looked like pork . 
 who gave a damn what it was ; it was food . 
 my mouth started to water at the sight of it . 
 i looked around the table for a source of gravy to smother the mashed potatoes in , and found it sitting across from the black haired guy from the battle . 
 i looked at him and saw that he almost had no scars to speak of , but he was covered in blood . 
 he looked at me and smiled . 
 `` want some gravy ? '' 
 he asked with his russian accent , which was kind of sexy . 
 `` yeah , that will be great , thanks , '' i replied . 
 he lifted up the gravy cup and held it for me to take . 
 i took it from him and poured some over my mashed potatoes , giving it back to him for the others to use . 
 with a hunger burning like a furnace in me , i grabbed a fork and dug into the potatoes , taking a huge bite . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 man , this tastes so good . 
 i opened my eyes to take another bite and found the russian guy still looking at me with a smile , and all by itself my freaking body decided to blush . 
 damn teenage hormones . 
 i dropped my head and continued with my food , ignoring him totally . 
 `` so , let 's start over again . 
 your names ? '' 
 amon asked , sitting across from kali , whom i could see was also enjoying her food . 
 `` my name is kasadya levourne , kas for short , and this is kali legkodimov , '' i replied , looking at him and his human wife , who still smiled all the way . 
 `` so , kas , how did you end up in the middle of a demon brawl ? '' 
 `` well , we were sort of kidnapped by one , and we had to fight for survival or end up as dinner . 
 or worse . '' 
 `` how did he kidnap you ? '' 
 melissa asked , very keen all of a sudden . 
 `` well , that 's actually my fault , well sort of . 
 you see , this demon , i think he was a nightmare demon , was bugging me and kas in our dreams . 
 then , one day , he took me over completely and made me shift to his den . 
 kas wanted to help me and ended up shifting there with me , '' kali answered , taking another bite . 
 `` how did he get into your dreams ? 
 i thought they could n't reach exsilium ? '' 
 amon asked , and i could see the anger on his face . 
 `` by means of traitorous fallen , he placed a charm in the hellhouse , enabling him to reach not only kali and me , but also everyone else in the house . 
 he called it a `` gateway , '' '' i explained . 
 i stopped eating and looked at him . 
 i still need to find the traitors , and i 'm not skipping anyone . 
 to me , each fallen is guilty until proven innocent . 
 `` what ? 
 you mean you were in the hellhouse when it happened ? '' 
 amon went on , confusion taking the place of anger . 
 `` yeah , we were attending there , our first year as apprendos . '' 
 kali answered , and at the mention of our apprenticeship , he looked at the black haired guy and then at me . 
 okay , now what ? 
 `` you were apprendos when you were taken ? '' 
 he went on , now sitting back and no longer eating . 
 `` yeah , i just did a month , and i think kas was only there a week before we ended up in hell , '' kali went on . 
 i looked at her to see that she was still eating and enjoying the chat , not noticing that amon and the black haired guy were looking strangely at each other . 
 amon 's face changed instantly . 
 `` which fallen species are you ? '' 
 he asked , suddenly all serious . 
 kali was about to answer him , but i stopped her by placing my hand on hers . 
 i looked at him , and then at the black haired guy . 
 something 's up . 
 i do n't know what , but i do n't like it . 
 `` i 'm a hellhound and kali is a harpy , '' i told them while keeping my eyes on them . 
 amon stood up and started walking over to our side , the black haired guy and all the rest followed . 
 kali and i jumped up and stepped away from the table , going back to back , ready to fight . 
 amon stopped before me and looked at me . 
 `` transform . 
 i must see your eyes , '' he demanded , a sword now held in his hands . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 what the hell do my eyes have to do with this ? 
 `` transform now , '' he bit out , locking his jaws . 
 okay , so the guy wants to see my fallen eyes , fine . 
 i transformed , keeping my eyes on them . 
 i felt kali also transforming , our wings touching each other . 
 he stood there looking at me , searching for something . 
 `` your eyes are still yellow . 
 how long have you been there ? '' 
 he asked , his swords still ready . 
 `` we do n't know . 
 the day we were taken it was 8 february 2010 , and we could not tell time there , '' i answered , feeling kali 's wings moving against mine . 
 she was ready , just like me . 
 he kept his eyes on me . 
 `` it 's 6 june 2012 . 
 what did he make you do ? '' 
 he went on , but my mind stopped at the mention of 2012 . 
 oh my soul , we were there for more than two years . 
 i felt the blow of that thought hit me , causing my body to go numb . 
 all this time , i thought it would only be like six months or something , not that long . 
 `` answer me , hellhound , '' he demanded , making me forget the total blast of realization and focusing back on him . 
 `` i was thrown into battle against demons ; kali stayed by me as a companion , '' i answered . 
 no way in hell did these guys need to know what had happened to kali down there . 
 i heard her blow out a nervous breath . 
 he turned his head to the black haired guy . 
 `` max , are you sure of what you saw last night ? '' 
 he questioned him . 
 `` yes , i 'm sure . '' 
 max answered , and amon looked back at me . 
 `` did they not tell you what would happen if you embrace that side of you ? '' 
 he asked and at that , i was dumbstruck . 
 what the hell ? 
 silence followed his question . 
 `` when a hellhound embraces his or her true born nature , they have a tendency to go into what can only be described as bloodlust . 
 a sign of that to other fallen is when the hellhound 's eyes turn from yellow to red . 
 yours are still yellow , but i 'm afraid that your time is running out . '' 
 he finished , looking at me with pity . 
 okay , this is news . 
 so my eyes turn red and i go into bloodlust ? 
 been there , and it did n't end too bad . 
 `` so what 's the problem ? '' 
 i asked him , keeping my eyes on his . 
 `` the problem , hellhound , is that the first hellhounds had to be destroyed to stop them from killing . 
 their trueborn nature was beyond sanity . 
 the more they killed , the more they drifted into bloodlust , until they reached a stage where they would kill even a fallen or human standing between them and the demon . 
 they became even worse than a demon . '' 
 he finished and i felt the strength drain out of me . 
 i composed myself quickly . 
 `` i 'm not like that . 
 i kill demons but i do n't harm anyone else . 
 i helped save their lives last night ; i did n't kill them to get to a demon , '' i said , pointing my finger at the black haired guy , seething with anger . 
 amon looked at me for a while and then turned around to gesture for everyone to leave . 
 kali and melissa where the only ones to stay behind , each side not trusting the other . 
 `` kas , it begins slowly and then works into that state . 
 if you do n't find your `` charm , '' you 'll go insane , just like them . 
 the fallen will have no choice but to kill you , because you will destroy anything that stands in your way , '' he explained . 
 okay , so i need a freaking charm to stay sane , no problem . 
 `` so , where can i get a charm ? '' 
 i asked him , but he looked at melissa and then walked over to her , returning his eyes to me . 
 `` it 's not an object , kas . 
 it 's a person . 
 someone who will be able to stop your hellhound from slipping into insanity , '' he finished , resting his hands on melissa 's shoulders . 
 okay , so i have to find someone . 
 that can be done , no problem . 
 `` okay , just give me a name and point me into the right direction . 
 i 'll help myself from there , '' i threw back at him , but he just stood there holding her and looking at me . 
 `` kas , he 's trying to tell you he does n't know the person you 're looking for . 
 your pactum mate , '' kali said from behind me , and i turned around , shocked at the words . 
 `` you ca n't be serious ? '' 
 i said , backing away from her . 
 she had transformed back to normal and was standing there looking at me with more freaking pity on her face . 
 `` i 'm sorry , kas . 
 many hellhounds feel that they were pushed into a mating to speed up the hellhound population , but it was to keep them from such a fate , '' amon went on . 
 i hit the wall and pressed back against it . 
 oh damn , this is so not good . 
 `` any other solutions ? 
 because i just got out of hell . 
 i 'm so not getting back into another one , '' i threw back at both of them . 
 kali just looked at him , and so i kept my eyes on him as well . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 none was ever found . 
 this is the only way , and finding your charm will not be easy . 
 he must be able to calm your hellhound , and not many are able , '' amon replied . 
 oh , just freaking great . 
 i so do n't have a life anymore . 
 i dropped my head and transformed back to normal . 
 so , my defeat will be my destiny . 
 what a way to go . 
 chapter 18 after a long time standing there and trying to think of solutions , i gave up in defeat . 
 i looked back up at them and told myself to get over it . 
 i either end up mated , or be destroyed . 
 i did n't give a freaking damn anymore . 
 `` okay , i got the message . 
 now , tell me what the hell you 're doing here with humans ? '' 
 i threw back at him . 
 he gestured for us to sit and took his place next to melissa , continuing with his food . 
 kali and i sat down again . 
 she dug back into her food , but i was too pissed off . 
 i just looked at him and melissa . 
 `` about thirty years ago , i was on a hunt , tracking down three demons that were becoming a menace to a small town . 
 i traced them all the way to another town . 
 by the time i got there , they had already started to attack some of the people . 
 but instead of humans fleeing , there were four human males fighting back . 
 they did n't run away ; instead they fought until the last one dropped to the ground , but the best was still to come . 
 i was about to move forward to kill the demons , when the entire village stopped running and screaming . 
 when the last human male fell , they all attacked the demons . 
 the three demons were killed by them that day . 
 by ordinary ` helpless ' humans , not by fallen . 
 `` just like you , i was told that humans had no courage and would not stand to fight off demons to save themselves , but that night i saw a different version of humanity . 
 humans are strong , not like a fallen , but together they make a good team . 
 they have courage , more than i can say for some fallen . 
 but the most important element to them is their love and loyalty to each other . 
 yes , many humans will run and not stand for a fight , but humans like melissa , max , and the others are not like that . 
 after that night , i decided to study humans and found more and more of them were standing up against demons and not running anymore ; humanity was fighting back . 
 i returned to exsilium and addressed what i had seen before the council . 
 i begged them to listen to me and to take some of the humans to train them , to see if we could be assisted by them in this war . 
 `` but like always , they just pushed it aside and clamped down on the law . 
 i went back to the human world and continued my service . 
 one night , i found melissa 's father fighting a demon . 
 not willing to see another good human fall , i stepped in and killed the demon . 
 afterwards , her father and i talked . 
 i explained to him about the fallen and their war with demons . 
 that night he rounded up about fifty men who wanted to train , who wanted to help . 
 i never returned to exsilium . 
 instead i started this facility and trained humans to kill demons . 
 `` the men you saw sitting here are the second generation of fighters i command . 
 these are the sons of the first men who started this quest , and the generations to come will continue on , '' amon finished and sat back looking at us . 
 wow , now that 's another point of view . 
 okay , yes , i agree they have the courage and stuff for the job , but unlike us , they do n't make it past fight one alive . 
 at least we have a fifty percent change of going to fight two . 
 `` i understand everything you 're saying , and yes , i know there are a lot of humans like your men who do fit the bill . 
 but they also die easily . 
 do n't you think it 's a bit risky ? '' 
 i asked him , leaning back in my chair . 
 `` yes , indeed , and i can assure you that every time we lose one we feel the loss . 
 not only as a team but also as a family . 
 but you underestimate my men ; they are exceptional fighters . '' 
 `` mmm , do n't want to puncture that delusion you 've got going there , but last night they did n't do so well . 
 if kali and i had n't stepped in , they would most likely be dead . '' 
 laughing , he looked at me with a smile . 
 i did n't see the funny point in what i just said . 
 they could have died , and it was pure luck we all got out of there , so i frowned at him . 
 `` kas , it was intentional . 
 max and adian were scoping out the place . 
 the entire team was waiting outside for the signal , but they never received it because you two intervened and shifted them across the country , '' amon replied , still smiling . 
 `` what ? 
 are you mad ? 
 you ca n't send two guys in like that to do freaking scoping ; they were already covered in blood when they were herded in ! '' 
 i went off on him . 
 that was just such a stupid idea . 
 now he was laughing like there was no tomorrow . 
 i looked at kali and found that she did n't think this was very funny either , so i looked back at him . 
 `` did you go insane somewhere in this great plan of yours ? '' 
 `` no , my dear , i 'm quite sane . 
 the blood they were covered in was from the local butcher . 
 we order about five gallons a week from him . 
 you see , they cover themselves with it and stumble near a club . 
 the demons then mistake them as easy prey and take them inside the club , where they will send back details of how many are inside for the attack to take place , '' he replied , a huge smile on his face , and melissa was sharing it . 
 `` you are insane ; you ca n't throw them to the dogs like that ! '' 
 i yelled , now pissed that this fallen basically played with fire when he sent these humans out to their deaths . 
 no wonder he was an outcast ; the council would have his head for this . 
 `` oh , it was not my idea ; max came up with it about three months ago . 
 so far , it works just fine . 
 except when two females try to save them and blow their cover , '' amon went on , laughing . 
 max entered the room and went to sit next to him , and yes , a huge smile was on his face too . 
 `` dumb nut , '' i threw at him . 
 can a human be any more stupid than that ? 
 `` kasadya , i can assure you that we pitiful , cowardly humans can teach the fallen a lot when it comes to tactical elements of war , '' max said , smiling at me . 
 `` whatever . 
 amon , can we have our weapons back , so we can get the hell away from your stupid men and their ideas ? '' 
 i threw back at amon , ignoring the cocky human at his side . 
 `` of course , you are free to leave . 
 come , let 's go to my office and i will get them out of the safe . 
 i 'll escort you outside , '' he replied , all smiles gone , and stood up . 
 melissa and max followed him , so we all walked out of the room . 
 they walked in front and kali and i were at the rear . 
 `` i agree . 
 they are cuckoo , '' kali said next to me , making a circle at her temple . 
 at least one person agreed with me . 
 `` we just need to check on something . 
 then we will continue , '' amon said and turned into a door . 
 kali and i followed them in and found a room filled with computers and stuff . 
 some of the men at the dinner table were working on them ; others were looking at a huge screen with the globe on it . 
 i stopped at the screen and looked at it . 
 green , red , and orange dots were all over it . 
 each country and continent were covered in them . 
 `` what are these ? '' 
 i asked and turned to look at amon , who was now standing next to kali , looking at it too . 
 `` this is the result of twenty years of hard work . 
 each dot represents a club or place where demons converge or do business . 
 the green dots are places we already hit and cleared ; we evaluate them each month to ensure they do n't reopen . 
 the red dots are places still in service , and the orange dots are places starting up again , '' amon explained . 
 in the middle of all that i kept the dots in my view . 
 almost every continent was covered in red and orange dots . 
 so many . 
 how can this be ? 
 i looked at all the dots and found a few purple ones in between . 
 `` and the purple dots ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he did n't mention any of them . 
 `` the purple are places that were attacked by fallen . 
 as you can see there are n't many . 
 it makes you wonder what 's up with them , '' amon replied and suddenly i remembered the shifting problem . 
 oh my soul , does exsilium even exist ? 
 are they even there ? 
 `` amon , we tried to shift to exsilium but nothing happened . 
 do we need to know something ? '' 
 i asked , walking to stand in front of him and getting his full attention . 
 i also wanted to see his eyes , in case he tried lying to me . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i have n't tried to shift back to exsilium since that night . 
 are you sure you ca n't shift in ? '' 
 he asked , concern on his face as he looked at me . 
 i closed my eyes again and this time focused in on the fountain . 
 nothing . 
 i tried the garden at the hellhouse , again nothing . 
 it 's like it does n't exist anymore . 
 i opened my eyes and looked at him . 
 `` no , nothing . '' 
 i replied , my voice breaking on the last word . 
 what will we do ? 
 where would kali and i go ? 
 i turned around and looked at her . 
 i found her in the same state i was in ; her eyes were big and i could see tears gathering in them . 
 `` kas , we do n't run into fallen that much , but i do n't think something happened to them and exsilium . 
 it 's impossible , '' amon said from behind me . 
 i turned around to look at him . 
 `` like it was n't possible for a demon to reach us in exsilium ? '' 
 i asked him , my father 's face in my mind . 
 was he still alive ? 
 what about my mother , chax , nanini , lada , and all the rest ? 
 he looked at me , contemplating my words . 
 yeah , nothing is impossible anymore . 
 kali and i are living proof of it . 
 we survived just to get out to find everyone we loved and cared about was gone . 
 i turned around and walked to kali when i heard her sob . 
 i reached her and placed my arms around her . 
 i had no words of comfort ; i had no words of hope . 
 we were alone . 
 after all we survived , we were alone in this . 
 i closed my eyes and held her , keeping my eyes closed to hide my own tears . 
 oh , yeah , and there goes my hope to live . 
 now it 's just a matter of time before i go insane and need to be destroyed . 
 `` kas , you and kali are more than welcome to stay here until we can find a solution to this . 
 there are more than enough open rooms , and we will accommodate you with everything you need , '' melissa said from behind kali . 
 i looked up at her and saw the pity on her face . 
 yeah , i 'm getting used to people looking at me that way . 
 what a pitiful excuse of a creature i have become . 
 `` that will be great , thank you , '' i replied , taking the invitation , knowing full well kali and i did n't have anything to survive on out there . 
 `` come , i 'll take you and show you some rooms . 
 you can pick any of them , '' melissa instructed , gesturing for us to follow . 
 i pressed away from kali and looked at her . 
 `` i 'm still here , and we do this together , '' i soothed her to give her some hope . 
 she smiled and wiped her face . 
 `` no , you have all of us , '' amon said . 
 i looked at him . 
 `` yeah , looks like you got two more additions to your insane crowd , not like we have anything else to do , '' i replied and smiled at kali . 
 `` you are free to join us , but you 're under no obligation , '' he replied . 
 i looked at kali to make sure this was something she was okay with too . 
 she smiled . 
 `` not like we have big plans , huh ? '' 
 she said . 
 no , we do n't . 
 `` okay , amon , we will pick out a room , and then you will need to do a crash course with us , '' i said , smiling at him , or at least i tried my best . 
 `` yes , of course , '' he replied , and so we turned and walked out behind melissa and followed her as she led the way . 
 we walked in silence . 
 my parents ' faces flashed in my mind . 
 i was no fan of my mom but i still loved her in a weird kind of way . 
 i really hoped this was just some glitch or something . 
 maybe we were in hell too long ? 
 maybe our shifting got screwed up some way or another ? 
 who knows ? 
 i have n't been at this very long and the knowledge i do have is mostly about a demon world . 
 `` here you go . 
 all the rooms in this hall are open . 
 you can choose any that suit you . 
 i 'll arrange for some girl stuff to be delivered today ; for the rest , you would need to give me a list . 
 i have some extra clothes i can get if you wanted to change , '' melissa offered as she walked and pointed to rooms , and then finally stopped to look at us . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 the ones we have are charmed so they do n't go bad like human clothes do , but if you could bump us a pair of pajamas , that will be great . '' 
 i replied , walking into a room . 
 well , it was n't the hellhouse , but at least it was n't a cell . 
 all the rooms had one bed in them , a small table and a chair . 
 some had books , tv 's and other things in them , too . 
 i chose the first one ; there was no reason to be picky . 
 kali chose the one next to me . 
 yeah , we do n't trust that easily , a lesson well learned in hell . 
 with our rooms picked out , we returned with melissa to amon 's office , where he was waiting . 
 `` alright , they picked a room , and i have some shopping to do . 
 i 'm leaving them in your hands . 
 do n't mess up , '' melissa told amon and walked out , eager to go shopping . 
 man i miss those days . 
 `` let 's get your swords , '' amon said , walking to a wall and punching in a code on a pad mounted on it . 
 a small section of the wall parted to reveal a safe , and he then started on another pad . 
 finally my swords came into view , and i felt a little better knowing at least i was armed and ready for whatever came my way . 
 `` i removed the demon 's charms when i took them . 
 if you leave them on , it 's easier for them to find you again . 
 only exsilium could block their range , '' he explained , handing them over to me . 
 kali 's swords were next . 
 i took them and glided my hand over the blades . 
 yeah , this is better , no charm to stop me from taking a few heads this time . 
 i ca n't wait to run into draco or ballen . 
 `` okay , now for the fun part . 
 let 's go introduce you to the team . '' 
 amon smiled , gesturing for us to follow him . 
 yeah , let 's go meet this insane bunch of mortals . 
 chapter 19 we walked behind him while he led the way down two more hallways and finally stopping at two big double doors . 
 he opened them and stepped in . 
 we followed , but stopped dead in our tracks to take in the picture . 
 oh my soul . 
 it was a huge room , more like a basketball court , filled with fighting equipment . 
 from punching bags to weapons , and even a freaking shooting range , wow , amon did n't hold back . 
 i looked around and guessed about twenty guys were doing some sort of training or practice to keep up their skills . 
 six pairs were sparring against each other . 
 my eyes caught mad max . 
 he was moving at an incredible speed , jabbing , kicking , and dodging his opponent . 
 yeah , the guy was actually good , for a human . 
 he would n't be able to take on a fallen , but at least he would give a demon a go or two . 
 `` come on , '' amon said , gesturing for us to follow him to the sparring pairs , where he stopped , whistling for everyone 's attention . 
 just like trained dogs , they all stopped dead and turned to face him . 
 `` okay , guys , i would like you to meet our newest team members . 
 kas and kali will be joining the fun , so make sure they get a good reception , '' he finished and then turned to us , nodding and walking back to the doors to exit . 
 okay , so here we are . 
 i looked at the guys standing there , looking at us with confusion . 
 silence followed . 
 `` um , i do n't want to sound like a misogynist or anything , but you girls wo n't be able to handle this jo ... '' a guy said , but stopped the moment kali and i shifted to fallen form . 
 in unison they all stepped back , taking in their new teammates , all except max , of course . 
 `` do we make the team now ? '' 
 i asked sarcastically . 
 another short silence followed until max stepped in and took over . 
 `` ryan , take kali as a sparring partner , and kasadya , you 're with ben , '' he instructed , turning around and nodding to the guy he was sparring with before they started up again . 
 i turned my eyes from them to try and find out who was freaking ben , to find two guys standing in front of us , still awestruck . 
 oh , this is going to be fun . 
 i never got to beat up a human guy before . 
 i looked at kali and found her with the same wicked smile , and then turned my head back to the two guys . 
 `` so , who 's ben ? '' 
 i asked , still grinning . 
 the brown haired guy shook himself out of it and looked at me . 
 `` that would be me , '' he replied , but did n't go any further than that ; he just stood there . 
 oh right , i forgot we were still in fallen form . 
 so i changed back to cut them some slack . 
 kali followed but kept her wicked grin . 
 `` okay , guys , we 're all yours , '' i said , smiling . 
 `` um , ryan , you and kali take number five , and kas and i will take number seven , '' ben said and gestured for me to follow him . 
 i took a parting look at kali , and we both smiled at each other before walking off with our new sparring partners . 
 ben walked to an open spot next to max and his partner , turning to look at me with a confused look . 
 `` okay , i 'll show you some basic moves , and then we can practice them one at a time , '' he said , looking at me with pity . 
 oh yeah , this is going to be real fun . 
 `` ben , trust me when i say you 're so screwed , '' i threw back at him with my evil smile . 
 he took in the message , and when i was sure that he understood , i moved with super speed , kicking his legs out from under him . 
 he landed with an `` oomph '' on the ground and stared up at me , surprise all over his face . 
 i looked at him and smiled . 
 `` now that the introduction is done , let 's play , '' i said and stepped back for him to get up . 
 slowly he got up to look at me . 
 he gave his head a little shake , clearly indicating that he understood my message : game on . 
 he lunged for me , but i just swiped away his punch and pushed him to the other side . 
 i know what my punch did to a demon , and i think giving him that would most likely end in death , so i had to take it slow and gentle . 
 he was human . 
 i looked over to kali and found her standing over ryan , smiling like a little girl . 
 she gesturing with her finger for him to get up . 
 yep , this is fun . 
 ben was back up and went at me again . 
 again , i just blocked him and pushed him to the ground . 
 after a while he stood there dripping with sweat and blowing like a fish , and i was staring at my nails . 
 fun moved to boredom and i wanted more fun . 
 this totally sucked . 
 i looked over to kali and found her looking at me with the same thought ; we needed more of a challenge , and these guys were just too fragile . 
 i turned to look at ben . 
 `` would you and ryan mind if kali and i sparred together ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 he was bracing his hands on his knees and leaning forward , totally wasted , but nodded in agreement . 
 `` thanks , '' i said and walked over to kali to find ryan also totally wasted . 
 nope , human guys are so not going to do it for us . 
 `` so , shall we spar ? '' 
 i asked kali , and her bored look turned to excitement . 
 `` totally , '' she replied and we both walked to a huge open spot in the court before facing off against each other . 
 we transformed in unison and were on each other , kicking , punching , you name it . 
 adrenalin surged through me , and i felt myself light up like a firecracker . 
 kali reached the same hype so our sparring went into over-drive . 
 about an hour later we were getting bored with each other and stopped . 
 breathing a little hard but still in good shape we turned to each other and smiled . 
 `` weapons ? '' 
 kali asked , getting excited again . 
 i was about to say yes when i took in the crowd gathered around us . 
 all the guys , even max , were standing there looking at us . 
 okay , what now ? 
 `` man , i love my life ! '' 
 the misogynist guy said , guessing that he must be the youngest by his baby face features . 
 `` you girls are awesome ! '' 
 he continued . 
 i looked at kali and found her also confused . 
 `` gentlemen , i think we just found our next stage of training , '' max said , so i locked eyes with him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked , wondering what the hell he 's doing . 
 `` in here we can only spar against each other , which means that when we reach demons we are not fully trained to take them on with the necessary skills . 
 but seeing that we have two fallen here to assist with this problem , we can fix that , '' he went on . 
 i took in his words and was shocked to the core . 
 `` are you crazy ? 
 we 'll kill them ! '' 
 i threw back at him . 
 `` what do you think will happen if we fight against a demon ? 
 do you think they will go easy on us because where human ? '' 
 damn , he 's got a point . 
 `` no , '' i replied , but kept the rest to myself . 
 `` if we train with you , and learn how to work around a stronger body , we 'll be more capable of getting out alive . '' 
 i just kept my mouth shut and stared at him . 
 what a freaking idiot . 
 so now he wants us to help them train , and then what ? 
 the first bone that breaks , the rest will be on us in a flash . 
 no way in hell ! 
 shaking my head , i walked off to the wall covered in weapons , to get me and kali some toys to play with . 
 `` are you not part of this team then ? '' 
 he asked from behind me . 
 i kept walking , thinking over the question . 
 yeah , sure , we are going to go out with these guys and kill some demons , but i ca n't be responsible for hurting any one of them . 
 taking a stand , i was looking over the weapons , which were by my standard boring . 
 he walked over to stand beside me . 
 `` i 'm waiting . '' 
 he said , folding his arms across his chest . 
 i looked at him then and squared off in the same stance . 
 `` i 'm not doing it . 
 one punch and someone can end up dead , '' i replied , taking my stand on this subject . 
 `` one punch out there and they are dead , but you have an opportunity to teach them how to deflect such a punch and walk out alive , '' max threw back . 
 he almost sounded like chax , and for a moment i was taken back to the time i was in training . 
 chax also had a way of making me see the importance of survival inside exsilium , to be able to survive outside it . 
 too bad i ended up in hell , and had one hell of a crash course in survival . 
 i turned around and looked at kali , who was standing there , looking at us . 
 `` we 'll work something out , '' she said , understanding what i was asking her without a word . 
 i looked back at max . 
 `` if anyone dies , it 's on your head , not mine , '' i finished and fury poured over me when he smiled at me . 
 oh , i 'm going to kick his ass big time . 
 `` okay then , let 's begin , '' he said and walked over to where kali and the rest stood , turning to look at me . 
 i took in a deep breath and walked over to them . 
 man , i hate my job . 
 when i reached them , kali and i looked at each other , trying to find a suitable way to get this over with . 
 `` maybe you should start the way you did with me ? '' 
 kali suggested . 
 thank the lord i had her with me . 
 i turned around and faced the crowd . 
 `` okay guys , let 's get started . 
 pair up and make sure you have enough space to move . 
 this is going to be rough . '' 
 intrigued , they all went off to get spar partners and made sure there was enough space . 
 i took the opportunity to get back at max . 
 walking to him , i shooed his partner over to kali and took a stand against him . 
 `` the first thing about demons is that they 're beyond dumb . 
 you give them something to think about , and they will stand still long enough for a deathblow , '' i finished , snapping open my wings , almost sending the two guys on my side flying . 
 luckily , they reacted fast and ducked . 
 i used my huge wings to create a distraction , giving kali what she needed . 
 moving faster than human eyes could see , she had three guys down on their backs and was facing her partner again , as if it never happened . 
 dumbstruck , they all looked at us . 
 closing my wings and keeping my eyes on max , i continued , `` never make the same mistake . 
 regardless of what a demons is or shows you , you never fall for it . 
 always keep a clean mind , remain focused , and stay on top of the game . '' 
 then i moved fast , sending the guy on my left flying through the air into a few of his fellows . 
 shaking my head , i looked at them . 
 `` okay , this is the part where you guys snap into what i am saying , and start focusing , '' i demanded , not pleased that they were just standing there , unprepared . 
 next , kali moved straight for max ; he dodged her and pushed her away from him , preparing to fight . 
 she stopped and slowly walked back to her partner . 
 good , someone listened . 
 i moved next but he was prepared and sidestepped me . 
 without stopping , i continued on and the guy next to him was on his back . 
 `` focus ! '' 
 i yelled at them . 
 damn , kali was way easier to train than these guys . 
 turning around , i walked back to max , but would n't you believe it , they finally got a spark of life , attacking me and kali . 
 well , they gave it their best shot . 
 moving fast , we dodged their punches and kicks . 
 every time one of us swiped away another 's leg or hand , we would lash out at them , telling them what they did wrong . 
 bend it more , move in more , use this and use that . 
 we continued for what seemed like hours ; the humans started getting tired , so we stopped and called it a day . 
 some were limping out of the court and others were carried out . 
 i warned max that our punches packed a whole new level of pain , but no , he had to carry on . 
 speaking of max , i turned to look at him . 
 unlike the others , he was still standing without any major injuries ; he only had a black eye popping out from a blow kali gave him . 
 `` so , are you happy ? '' 
 i asked him , sarcasm all the way . 
 `` yes , i am , '' he responded with a smile and started to walk over to a water fountain at the door . 
 `` so , you enjoyed seeing your team get beaten up and hurt ? '' 
 i asked . 
 kali came to stand next to me , watching the two of us . 
 he took a sip of water and then came back up again before turning to look at us . 
 `` no , but i 'd rather see them hurt like this , before i have to carry their bodies here , '' he finished , turning around and walking out . 
 damn , another freaking chax ! 
 fury slammed through me and i folded my hands into fists , nails piercing my skin . 
 `` well , he 's got a point , '' kali said next to me . 
 `` yeah , '' i replied and started for the door . 
 crap , i felt really dirty by now and needed a bath so bad . 
 `` let 's go see if we can get cleaned up in time for supper . '' 
 i said to kali , and she nodded . 
 so we strolled through the compound and luckily made it back to the two rooms melissa showed us earlier . 
 i went into mine and discovered bags full of stuff on the bed . 
 opening one up , i found clothes while another one contained shoes . 
 wow , melissa does n't take shopping as a joke . 
 yeah , the woman can move . 
 i took out the clothes and spotted a pair of yoga pants and a tank top . 
 pink and gray , of course . 
 wow , looking at them i almost had a déjà vu moment . 
 yeah , i used to wear colors like these , until i found my black leathers more comfortable . 
 i stood there for a moment , arguing to myself about the clothes . 
 `` come on , kas . 
 just put it on , '' i kept telling myself over and over . 
 but i just could n't get myself to do it . 
 `` kas , i know you like your clothes , but it 's time to leave hell behind us , or at least when we 're off . 
 put them on and let 's get our butts to dinner . 
 i 'm starving , '' kali said from behind me . 
 at the first words i had turned to look at her . 
 she smiled and walked back to her room . 
 she 's right . 
 i need to let go and get my life back , well , what 's left of it . 
 so i grabbed the clothes and went to the bathroom in the middle of the hall . 
 unlike the hellhouse , we did n't have our own ; we now had one that looked like school lockers and showers . 
 walking inside , i found kali getting undressed . 
 `` melissa brought a bunch of products ; i can see she likes her shopping . 
 my kind of girl . '' 
 kali said , smiling . 
 yeah , i never liked shopping , but i did like hanging out at the mall . 
 `` good , then you wo n't bug me about it . 
 now , you go get her if you want to waste your time in a mall , '' i played with her , sitting down on a bench to get my boots off . 
 `` oh , no way in this world would i take you into a mall . 
 you 'd trash the place , '' she went on , getting into a shower . 
 laughing , i got all my clothes off and joined her in the second stall . 
 i grabbed a bottle of shampoo and held it to my nose . 
 wow , smells like peaches . 
 out of nowhere the image of chax kissing me slammed into me . 
 shaking my head , i tried to get it out , but no i had to go all the freaking way right up to the point where he turned away and left me there on the ground . 
 why on earth would this stupid brain of mine go back to that ? 
 then it kicked in full force , because chax smelled like peaches . 
 i made a mental note of it . 
 now it 's freaking stuck in my head ! 
 damn , i really hope that does n't happen every time i smell peaches . 
 i continued washing my head . 
 kali was talking about some of the guys in the training , but all i could think about was that kiss . 
 was i that bad that he had to run away ? 
 a feeling started to grow inside me , new and strange . 
 i had a hard time putting a name to it ; i felt sad , yet angry . 
 was this grief ? 
 no , could n't be . 
 i did n't know him that well . 
 maybe it was because they 're all gone . 
 at that thought kali ripped me back to reality by hammering me about not listening to her . 
 we finished off and went to dinner , where everyone was talking , even kali . 
 but i still had that strange feeling , and my head smelling like peaches did n't help at all . 
 we finished dinner and called it a night , amon telling us to get some rest . 
 we would hit new orleans first thing in the morning . 
 i said goodnight to kali and went to bed . 
 laying there , i had to run a few things through my mind . 
 okay , first thing , i need a `` charm '' or i go insane and start killing people and in return have to be put down . 
 second , we ca n't reach exsilium and most likely everyone 's gone , so there goes my `` charm '' . 
 last , of course , i just joined up with a team of insane humans , led by an even more insane fae . 
 yep , like always , my life was pretty much totally messed up . 
 it took my mind a long time to shut down and give my body some rest . 
 only to come back to the version of a dream , one of my childhood . 
 one filled with some sort of happiness . 
 chapter 20 i woke up , shocked to death by a freaking siren going off . 
 i was up and ready for battle , only to find myself in my room , all alone . 
 it sounded like one of those sirens they used in the war , and man did it do the job . 
 kali came marching into my room . 
 `` that 's so not funny ! '' 
 she screamed over the noise , and i could see she was also near the point of a heart attack when it caught us off guard . 
 the siren went dead , and finally we could clear our ears from the buzz . 
 i looked at kali . 
 `` yeah , makes your scream sound like a tweet , '' i teased . 
 i could see the plans turning in her eyes . 
 oh yeah , come tomorrow morning , these guys are in for one hell of a wakeup call . 
 damn , she 's as evil as i am . 
 smiling , i went back to sit on the bed . 
 `` guess we need to get ready for new orleans , '' i said to her , looking up to make sure that this was still okay with her . 
 smiling , she said , `` yeah , those guys need to see us in real action , '' and strolled out to her room . 
 its official . 
 i created a monster . 
 shaking off kali 's newfound spirit , i got up and walked to the chair that my black leathers were hanging over . 
 look , i 'll do the normal clothes when i 'm off duty , but when it comes to fighting , i know my leathers are my best asset . 
 i got them and walked out to the lockers to find kali putting on her pair as well . 
 i went to sit on the bench . 
 `` i thought you said we need to put it behind us ? '' 
 i mocked her with a smile . 
 `` yeah , but when it comes to things like fighting , i agree with you . 
 but that 's all i agree with , '' she threw back . 
 i started to laugh . 
 man , i was really enjoying this girl . 
 would n't guess it was the same old diva who gave me crap back at the hellhouse . 
 we got dressed , and then brushed our teeth and did our hair . 
 finishing up , we went back to our rooms to get our swords . 
 now fully ready for action , we marched down the hallways to the command room we saw yesterday . 
 inside , everyone was ready and waiting . 
 max gave me a once over look and smiled . 
 i gave him a finger to say thanks , and he burst out laughing . 
 oh , he is such a pain in the butt . 
 `` okay , guys , here 's the scoop . 
 according to our informants in new orleans , we have a club on the outskirts of the city . 
 we can expect about a hundred demons in it . 
 the plan is simple : get in , kill , and get out alive , '' amon said , looking at all of us . 
 okay he so does n't have a clue when it comes to things like this . 
 `` may i suggest something ? '' 
 i asked , a better plan already forming in my head . 
 `` of course , '' amon replied and leaned against the table looking at me . 
 `` if we all storm in like a police squad , most of them will just shift out to escape the attack , which will result in us seeing them in a few days . 
 but what if we can take them out without them knowing about it to alarm the others ? '' 
 i said , looking at them . 
 amon and max looked at each other and i could feel the other guys ' eyes on me too , but i did n't care . 
 i just kept my eyes on amon and max . 
 `` okay , you have our attention . 
 how will we be able to do that ? '' 
 amon asked , clearly intrigued by my idea . 
 i gave him my wicked smile . 
 `` by using a little feminine touch , '' i replied . 
 he looked at me , puzzled , but the look in max 's eyes told me he already knew what i meant by those words . 
 and he did n't like it , which was too bad . 
 i looked back at amon and saw the moment it sank in with him , too . 
 `` no , it 's too dangerous , '' he said , looking back at the table and dismissing me . 
 time to change his mind . 
 i walked over to max and the closer i got to him , the more he took small steps back . 
 i smiled at him , but he did n't return it ; instead he regarded me carefully . 
 he reached the wall and was trapped . 
 so i moved in slowly . 
 he kept his eyes on mine , and did n't notice that i had my dagger in my hand . 
 i walked up and lined my body with his ; i could hear him take in a breath . 
 only inches away from him , i looked at him and smiled . 
 his focus was only on my eyes ; i leaned in as if to kiss him , and brought up my dagger hand . 
 his eyes grew heavy , and i could see the battle in his eyes . 
 should he trust me or not ? 
 i answered that question for him by placing the blade against his throat . 
 the moment he felt the blade , his eyes turned to anger . 
 now i was so close to his mouth i could feel his breath on my lips , but kept my eyes on his . 
 `` as you can see , a female is more than capable of using her feminine wiles to get what she wants , '' i whispered softly to him . 
 he frowned and looked at amon for help . 
 `` okay , kas , that 's enough . 
 you 've made your point , '' amon said behind me . 
 still smiling , i looked at max . 
 his eyes were back on me and we were looking at each other . 
 i looked down to his lips and my teenage hormones spiked back in place . 
 licking my lips to get myself under control , i quickly pulled away and turned around to go stand next to kali . 
 who was looking at me totally shocked . 
 yeah , i know . 
 i have no clue where the hell that all just came from , but damn , it worked . 
 i returned my eyes to amon , ignoring max , who was still stuck to the wall . 
 `` alright , tell us your great plan , kas , '' amon said , and i grinned like a schoolgirl . 
 yep , fae , you made one hell of a mistake taking on two girls for the job . 
 after laying out the plan , we all walked outside to some sort of helicopter pad . 
 max kept his distance from me because he was totally pissed at me . 
 but hey , a girl has got to do what a girl has got to do , right ? 
 standing on the pad i looked back up at amon . 
 `` please do n't tell me you 're going to fly us to new orleans in a helicopter . 
 i need to know that at least you are about ten percent still sane , '' i mocked him . 
 he smiled and walked to the middle of the pad , stretching out his hands and looking at me . 
 `` no , that will be a waste of time and money , '' he said , smiling . 
 one by one the guys locked arms . 
 max and another took hold of his arms , and he gestured for me and kali to take the last two open spots in the circle . 
 oh my soul , he 's going to shift us all to the location . 
 he is insane , but hey , let 's see how this works . 
 i took the guy 's arm , and locked in with kali , who also locked in with another guy . 
 smiling , amon shifted us all at once . 
 the air shift was huge , compared to the air shift when a single shift takes place . 
 we landed in a dark alley , and he looked at me like he wanted to gloat about it . 
 yeah , yeah okay , so the guy 's got talent , big deal . 
 i ignored him and looked around . 
 a street came into view , but no cars moved on it . 
 it was quiet except for a soft beat i could pick up . 
 `` okay , the club 's around the corner . 
 kas , show us where you need us , and let 's get this over with , '' amon said , so i took lead . 
 following the music i could pick up , we rounded the corner . 
 i held my hand up for them to stop and give me time to assess the place . 
 it was an old factory or something ; various colors of light hit the widows over and over again . 
 yep , a club . 
 i looked around to see that one alley was next to it , but most likely would be used for dark stuff . 
 i looked at the building across from it , an old abandoned factory . 
 great , that would be perfect . 
 i turned around and walked to stand close to them . 
 `` okay , we have an abandoned factory across from it . 
 take your positions there . 
 kali and i will lead them there , and then we take them out , '' i finished and looked at kali , who now had her game face on . 
 we parted from the guys and walked up to the club , where two huge bouncers were guarding the entrance . 
 when they saw us they went into a defensive stance . 
 okay , demons , good , very good . 
 i walked up to them like nothing was wrong . 
 `` hey guys , tell me there are a lot of men inside , '' i said to them , giving them a cute smile , or hoping so . 
 the two looked at each other and then back at us . 
 `` fallen , leave now , '' the bigger of the two said . 
 i moved up to him and played with my cross necklace in my hands . 
 `` oh , come on guys . 
 ballen said we could get some action here . 
 was he wrong ? '' 
 i asked , still playing nice . 
 at the mention of ballen 's name , they looked at each other , and then back at us . 
 `` you are ballen 's fallen ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` duh , i just said that . '' 
 i replied , trying to throw a fit but failing very bad at it . 
 kali came to the rescue . 
 `` come on , kas . 
 ballen will hear about this , '' she said in an angry voice and turned around . 
 fear shot into their eyes . 
 `` no , wait ! 
 you can enter , '' the big one said and moved out of the way . 
 smiling , we walked up to pass them . 
 when i reached the big guy , i leaned forward and placed my hand on his chest . 
 `` now big guy , we 're going to have a huge party across the street . 
 you 're not going to spoil our fun , are you ? '' 
 i finished , licking my lips . 
 i saw it on a movie once . 
 here was hoping it worked . 
 he smiled and was about to touch me , but luckily kali moved in . 
 `` i 'm hungry . 
 let 's get a move on , '' she demanded and pushed me inside . 
 laughing like two drunken girls , we entered the building to find a hell of a lot of demons and humans inside ; a hundred was an understatement . 
 more like two hundred would do , but i just needed the demons . 
 humans meant nothing to me . 
 i looked at kali and we started our plan . 
 we walked around looking for the meanest of the bunch ; the others would follow shortly . 
 we found a group of demons dressed like bikers , holding two human females and drinking . 
 i gestured to kali , and we moved in . 
 i walked over to the first guy i got to , and planted myself on his lap . 
 `` well , here 's a delightful change . 
 do n't you think , kali ? '' 
 i said looking at him . 
 the moment i landed , he grabbed me around the hips , locking me down . 
 `` oh yeah , but the question is , can they actually do something ? '' 
 kali went on , sitting on the table looking at another guy . 
 confused , they looked at each other and the one whose lap was my newfound seat looked back at me . 
 `` fallen , you play with fire , '' he warned me . 
 `` oh yeah , now you 're talking . 
 ballen was so right ; the guys here are intriguing , '' i said , looking him in his eyes . 
 again , ballen 's name spread fear into them . 
 okay , so ballen 's a pretty big guy in this demon world , too bad . 
 `` you 're ballen 's fallen ? '' 
 he asked me . 
 smiling , i nodded my head and rubbed my hand over his chest . 
 `` he said we could find suitable guys here to quench our thirst , '' i went on , smiling the entire time . 
 gross , i was getting sick from all of this . 
 he smiled and looked at me . 
 `` what do you need ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i continued the playful rubbing . 
 `` about five guys at a time . '' 
 i said , looking shy . 
 his eyebrows shot up and he looked startled . 
 `` ballen has a wicked way of keeping us in shape , '' i went on and rubbed my cross again , trying to tell him that i had a lust charm on that made me do it . 
 hopefully he 'd fall for it . 
 i saw the moment he got the message , and he smiled , looking over at his friends . 
 `` leave the humans . 
 we have a duty to perform , '' he said , standing up and taking me with him . 
 i expected him to put me down , but no , he held me tight against him . 
 `` where do you need our service ? '' 
 he asked , looking at me . 
 i looked back at kali , and she quickly stepped in . 
 `` we saw an abandoned factory across the street . 
 it might make a good place to have some real fun , '' she replied and dug her nails into the male holding her . 
 pain shot into his face , followed by one hell of a wicked smile . 
 if amon and the guys were not there , i 'd kick them back to russia . 
 `` come on , '' i instructed , pushing myself away from him and grabbing kali 's hand . 
 we moved to the exit . 
 i looked back to make sure they were following us . 
 yep , sure as hell , all five demon males were walking behind us , all smiles . 
 we reached the bouncers , and i stopped to address them . 
 `` these will be our first , but we 're coming back for way more , '' i told them , giggling like a schoolgirl and walking off with kali . 
 i kept looking back to make sure they all still followed us , and was delighted to see they had . 
 one guy was even taking off his jacket . 
 kali and i pushed open the door and walked in , the guys following us . 
 when the last one was inside and closed the door behind him , max stepped out of the darkness , taking his head . 
 the head fell to the floor , the body following a second later . 
 the other males looked on as the head rolled to stop at my boot . 
 looking up , they caught the sight of kali and me , fully transformed . 
 `` let 's play , '' i said , and we all attacked at once . 
 i took the head of the one who was still grossing me out , and kali took the one that she scratched . 
 in seconds all of them were dead . 
 amon walked over to each demon and opened a small bottle , dropping liquid followed by the latin prayer to make them go poof . 
 he then turned around and looked at us . 
 `` good job , '' he acknowledged , and looked around to make sure everyone was still standing . 
 `` we have a problem , '' i said to him , and at that his eyes grew dark . 
 `` what 's the problem ? '' 
 he asked , ready for action . 
 `` your hundred is more like two hundred . 
 with this plan , kali and i will be at it for a day . 
 we need to think out another one . '' 
 i replied , looking at max to see the delight he took in it . 
 yeah , so my plan would have worked if it was just fifty or so . 
 `` max ? '' 
 amon asked , looking at him . 
 max kept his eyes on me and smiled . 
 `` just like always , we go in and kill . '' 
 he finished , still smiling at me . 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 oh for heaven sake , why do i always get the ass in the pack ? 
 `` then let 's go . 
 lock in and i will shift us inside , '' amon commanded , and the guys started to move to him . 
 `` wait , '' i said . 
 they stopped and looked at me . 
 `` kali and i can help with the shifting ; that way we can get them from more than one angle , '' i explained , looking at max to see his smile gone and replaced with a frown . 
 i looked back to amon . 
 `` yes , that will work . 
 i 'll take the bar . 
 kas , you take the floor , and kali , you take the exit . 
 make sure that we get as many as possible , '' he said , and the guys started grabbing us . 
 for some insane reason max decided to grab my arm ; i looked at him and saw that he was looking at me real funny . 
 shrugging it off , i looked at amon . 
 `` on the count of three . 
 one . 
 two . 
 three , '' he finished and we all shifted to our locations . 
 the moment we landed , all hell broke loose . 
 still in fallen form , i went into action , using every bit of skill i gained in my life so far . 
 moving and slicing my way through the crowd , i almost ended up slicing off a human 's head , a demon using her as a shield . 
 `` coward ! '' 
 i yelled and grabbed the girl from him . 
 she went flying and i took his head , his blood spraying all over me . 
 ready for the next one , i moved forward , when all of a sudden max was in front of me . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i yelled at him . 
 `` hel - ... '' he stopped dead and looked down ; i followed and saw that a blade 's point was sticking out of his stomach . 
 fear grabbed me and i moved , pulling him forward and out of the blade , taking the human girl 's head behind him . 
 shocked that i just killed a human , i stood there until max 's voice came to me . 
 `` you had no choice , '' he struggled to say . 
 two demons came at us , so i went in overkill mode , taking their heads in two swift moves . 
 crouching down next to max , i peeled away his hand ; his body was covered in his own blood . 
 oh hell , this is not good . 
 `` leave ... me . 
 get t. . . 
 hem , '' he struggled to say , blood now flowing out of his mouth . 
 i have seen many deaths , most caused by me , but i was n't ready to see this one . 
 i grabbed him and shifted to the compound . 
 `` melissa ! '' 
 i yelled as loud as i could to get some help for him . 
 he was semi-awake , there but almost not . 
 `` hold on , '' i told him . 
 melissa came running into the room and stopped dead . 
 `` oh no , not max , '' she wailed , her hand covering her mouth and tears beginning to form in her eyes . 
 `` help him ! '' 
 i yelled at her to keep her cool and save his life . 
 she snapped out of it and walked over to look at the wound . 
 her head fell and i could see the answer : he was n't going to make it . 
 she burst into tears , turned around , and looked at me . 
 `` please , kas , help him , '' she begged . 
 startled , i looked at her . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i do n't know how , '' i replied to her , my eyes on him . 
 my heart was breaking for her , and him . 
 `` ca n't you give him your blood or something , like in the movies ? '' 
 she asked . 
 shocked , i moved away from her . 
 `` no , my blood is poisoned . 
 a demon drank from me , and something bad happened , '' i told her , backing away slowly . 
 she looked at me , her tears running over her cheeks . 
 `` kas , he 's not a demon . 
 he 's a good man . 
 i ca n't lose him ; i 've known him from birth . 
 please , i beg you , '' she went on . 
 images of draco on his knees gasping for air ran through me . 
 then one interesting thing came to me , the one where lada and i talked about our blood , our tainted blood . 
 but is my blood tainted in a good way or in a bad way ? 
 is that why draco was affected , because he was evil , and would it do the opposite to max ? 
 there was only one way to find out . 
 i moved to him , pushing her out of the way and grabbing the dagger i kept on my thigh . 
 `` max , i can try and help , but you 'll be half fallen or maybe full fallen . 
 but the worst is that you 'll carry our curse and would need to serve to reach heaven . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 i asked him , holding his face in my hand . 
 `` yes , '' he replied , very weak . 
 `` you need to drink my blood , '' i finished . 
 his eyes were so glassy from the blood loss ; he would n't last much longer . 
 `` fine , '' he whispered . 
 i almost could n't make out what he said . 
 laying back his head , i cut my wrist and held it to his mouth . 
 god , please let this work . 
 we were not enough to stop them , and we needed him . 
 i said a prayer , hoping this worked . 
 my blood ran down his mouth and he swallowed heavily . 
 a minute later my wound closed by itself , and i took a step back to watch . 
 nothing happened , and i saw him stop breathing . 
 feeling defeated , i turned around and looked at melissa , who still had hope . 
 she was looking at him intensely . 
 i was about to take her outside when i heard a deep breath inhale from behind me . 
 shocked , i turned around . 
 max was looking at me with no glassy eyes , and then he grabbed his stomach , starting to scream and go crazy . 
 oh my god , i poisoned him . 
 damn stupid girl ! 
 i told myself , and tried to subdue him . 
 it went on for a long while , and then he stopped screaming and went still . 
 amon shifted in behind me . 
 `` max ? '' 
 he said , and came to stand at his other side . 
 he looked dead ; it did n't work . 
 i 've only killed him faster . 
 i turned around and walked out of the room . 
 kali was standing there looking at me , and without a word i kept on walking to our rooms . 
 i need to learn to keep myself under control . 
 stupid ideas like these will cost me dearly one day . 
 looking up , i noticed the hall was filling up with the other guys . 
 one look at me and they knew max did n't make it . 
 feeling my throat closing up , i knew i was n't far away from tears , so i doubled up on my walk , trying to escape my latest failure . 
 why on earth would i have thought that it would work ? 
 amon 's right ; i 'm going insane . 
 just look at what i did tonight . 
 first flirting with freaking demons to get them out just to kill them , and then thinking my blood was only deadly to demons ? 
 stupid , stupid girl ! 
 i walked all the way to my room , went to the closet and grabbed some clothes . 
 my leathers were n't covered in blood anymore , but i felt it on me ; i could still smell it . 
 i walked to the lockers and undressed , and then opened up the shower with only cold water . 
 i got in and the second the first cold spray hit me , i took in a deep breath , biting down on the cold . 
 `` i need this , '' i told myself , and branched my hands on the wall , letting the water run down my back . 
 i was standing there for a while , just letting the water run over me and trying to forget everything . 
 yeah , kali was right ; i 'm one hell of a piece of work . 
 where ever i go , disaster follows . 
 it would be better if i did go insane and they had to destroy me . 
 at least i would n't have to take any more of this . 
 `` kas , you need to come see this , '' kali said from behind me . 
 i turned to look at her and saw her face in total shock . 
 ah hell , what now ? 
 `` kali , i 'm not in the mood , '' i replied and turned my back to her again . 
 `` did n't think you 'd be the boring type who would n't take interest in something new , '' a voice said from the locker 's entrance . 
 now , in my short life , i 've been through much . 
 it takes quite a bit to shock me . 
 when i heard that voice , however , my entire body went into lockdown and i froze . 
 it could n't be . 
 `` max ? '' 
 i said shakily , still bracing against the wall for support . 
 chapter 21 after getting my nerves back and slowing down my heartbeat , i turned around to face the entrance . 
 luckily , the showers had stall doors on them or i would have kicked myself later . 
 there i saw him leaning against the doorframe , smiling at me . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 he replied , still grinning . 
 he looked normal , like nothing had happened . 
 but then again , i also looked pretty normal until maia gave me a spark and then my life pretty much went haywire from there . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i asked shakily , still trying to get a grip from the shock . 
 `` except for my favorite shirt being ruined ... yes , i feel fine , thank you , '' he went on . 
 that 's so not cool , moaning about a freaking shirt when he almost died . 
 anger took over the fear part in me . 
 `` if you ever do that again , i 'll kill you myself ! '' 
 i yelled at him , pissed off . 
 but i think it was more a reaction to fear rather than anger . 
 he laughed at my outburst . 
 `` yes , of course , kasadya , '' he replied and turned around to walk off , leaving me there still staring . 
 `` kas , what the hell did you do ? '' 
 kali asked me , her face still in shock . 
 oh damn , if i think i was in trouble before , i just did a supernova on trouble . 
 `` i had no choice ; i could n't let him die , '' i pleaded with her . 
 `` answer me ! '' 
 she yelled at me , her shocked expression was changing to anger like a light switch ; i cringed and looked down to the stall floor . 
 `` he was dying , so i made a choice . 
 i remember lada and me talking about our blood , and how it was tainted , so i took a gamble . '' 
 `` what gamble ? '' 
 `` i made him swallow my blood , like they do in the movies . '' 
 silence followed so i looked up to see if she was still there . 
 yep , standing there covering her mouth with her hand . 
 she looked at me totally shocked . 
 `` kali ? '' 
 i asked , scared she 'd start running or something . 
 her hand dropped away and she stood there looking at me . 
 `` i understand , given the circumstances , you had a valid reason . 
 but i fear you just gave amon the ammo he needed to create his ultimate army , '' she finished and walked out , leaving me with that thought . 
 oh damn , i am so in trouble . 
 if any fallen are still out there , i just became their number one target . 
 thinking on a plan of action , i quickly got out and dried off to get dressed . 
 i walked outside to see if i could find kali or someone , but no one was there . 
 i started running at super speed looking for them , especially amon . 
 i found kali and the other guys in the command room , but no max , melissa , or amon . 
 oh damn . 
 kali gave me a scary look and i cringed . 
 damn , i need to move fast and try to defuse this . 
 i turned into the hallway and started running again . 
 i found them in amon 's office . 
 the moment i entered , they stopped the conversation . 
 taking slow steps towards them , i looked at max . 
 he looked okay ; his hair was wet from a shower , but he looked really okay . 
 then i turned my eyes on amon and saw the excitement on his face . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i said to him , making sure he got the message . 
 `` kas , you 're a genius , '' he replied . 
 `` i said no , amon , '' i pushed out the words to emphasize my resolve . 
 he looked at melissa , so my eyes followed . 
 her face was shining and i knew they already decided to do it . 
 `` amon , we do n't know what my blood really did to him ; we need to take this slowly and see what 's up , '' i pleaded , returning my eyes to him . 
 `` i do n't care ; i want to stay with him , '' melissa said , so i looked back to her . 
 `` melissa ... '' `` no , it 's my life . 
 i will decide . 
 and i say he will give me his blood so that we can see what happens . 
 when you find your love , kas , you 'll understand why i made this choice , '' she said and took amon 's hand into hers . 
 `` we do it now , '' she finished and pulled him out of the room . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 but they just ignored me and walked off . 
 i was about to follow them when max grabbed my arm . 
 `` kasadya , you wo n't change their minds , '' he said , turning me around to face him , his hand holding me in place . 
 `` i 've been trying since i walked in here , '' he finished . 
 `` this is dangerous ; the fallen will have my head for this , '' i replied . 
 his eyes went soft for the first time since i met him . 
 `` yes , i agree . 
 thank you for taking that chance with me , '' he responded , releasing my arm . 
 damn , he just blew out my flame . 
 `` you were different . 
 what they are doing is wrong . '' 
 `` i know , but see their point in this . 
 every day she grows older and amon does n't ; now they may have a way to delay it , or maybe even cancel out the whole thing . '' 
 `` at what cost ? '' 
 i asked him , unable to take my eyes from him . 
 for the first time i saw a man , not a soldier . 
 he smiled . 
 `` we 'll take it one step at a time , '' he answered , still looking at me . 
 because some steps are worth taking . 
 damn , i hate my life . 
 `` okay , we will see where this goes , '' i replied , and turned around to walk out . 
 `` kasadya , i wo n't forget what you did for me today , '' he promised from behind me . 
 i just nodded and walked out of the command room to find kali and tell her she was right . 
 i was in huge freaking trouble . 
 i was about to hit the corner when a woman 's scream echoed down the hallway . 
 not just any woman ; it was melissa . 
 following the sound , i ran super-fast to see what was up . 
 i reached a door and just put my hand on it to open when she screamed again . 
 i flung it open and walked in . 
 she was on the bed , having the same reaction to the blood that max had with mine . 
 amon was trying to help her . 
 `` yeah , not pretty , is it ? '' 
 i threw at him . 
 he looked up and then i saw his tears , damn . 
 i went to stand on the other side to help hold her down . 
 `` how long did it last ? '' 
 amon asked me , tears running down his face . 
 he must really love her . 
 `` a few minutes , and then max went into dead mode , '' i replied , looking at melissa . 
 her eyes were huge from the pain , but it was too late now . 
 we held her down and her screaming started to quiet down . 
 just like max , she went into dead mode ; no breathing , nothing . 
 this time i stayed put , needing to see this . 
 minutes went by and i was starting to go into panic . 
 amon was restless as well ; he kept feeling her face and stuff . 
 losing hope , i decided to get up and kill amon . 
 the moment i was on my feet , she flew up into a sitting position , taking in a deep breath and scaring the daylights out of me . 
 i jumped away from the bed in shock , and bumped into a hard chest . 
 without caring whose it was , i stayed put , watching her . 
 oh man , that is just freaky . 
 she looked around and the moment she saw amon , she grabbed him . 
 `` never do that to me again , '' she blurted out , hugging him . 
 he was kissing her head and anything he could get his mouth on . 
 `` never , '' he agreed , a tear falling down his cheek . 
 okay , i can do the slicing , fighting , and even headless stuff , but this was too much for me . 
 i walked out of the room to go stand in the hallway , bracing my hands on the wall and taking in deep breaths . 
 `` i can see now why you thought i did n't make it , '' max said from my left . 
 i looked up to find him standing there , looking at me . 
 oh , he was the chest . 
 damn . 
 `` yes , you have to admit that was beyond scary , not to mention freaky , '' i replied , straightening up to look at him . 
 he smiled . 
 `` i 'm glad i was the first one to scare you , '' he teased and walked back into the room . 
 shaking my head at his joking in a time like this , i went to knock on the door . 
 `` guys , are you okay ? '' 
 i asked , concerned for melissa . 
 `` yes , you can come in , '' melissa said , so i walked in to find her standing and looking at herself . 
 `` i do n't feel different , '' she told us , looking back up at amon and then max . 
 `` yes , i do n't feel a difference either , '' max pitched in , and then all of them looked at me . 
 i held up my hands in surrender . 
 `` do n't ask me . 
 i never tried it before , '' i threw back to get them . 
 they looked at each other . 
 `` so , what are we then ? '' 
 melissa asked , looking at everyone . 
 `` it 's difficult to tell . 
 in all my years , i 've never heard of something like this ever being done . 
 we need to test the limits of this , '' amon said , looking at max , who nodded . 
 `` i agree . 
 we can do it with me . 
 that way melissa will not be harmed in the process , '' he replied and walked out of the room , sparing me a smile . 
 i looked at him , confused , and then returned my eyes to amon again . 
 `` what the hell is he smiling about ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 amon smiled . 
 `` he 's going to play test dummy and test his newfound body , '' he answered , and then i heard my name being called in the hallway . 
 `` kasadya , i can use some help ! '' 
 max yelled . 
 fury pounded through me . 
 `` i 'm going to kick your butts for this , '' i said to amon and walked out of the room , only to find max walking a few meters in front of me . 
 i kept my eyes on him , observing him from behind . 
 we walked past the command room , and i gestured for kali to fall in . 
 she quickly caught up and walked next to me . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` amon did the same with melissa , and now mad max wants to test his newfound life , '' i replied , pointing to max . 
 `` kas , you really need to think before you do things like this . 
 you are creating world scale disasters , '' kali threw back at me , but man was she right . 
 `` agreed . 
 no more brain waves from me , '' i said , and looked at her to find her smiling at me . 
 yeah , i 'm an idiot ; i know . 
 max led us all the way to the court and walked to stand in the middle , looking at us . 
 i stopped and folded my arms across my chest , looking at him . 
 we stood there for a while until max rolled his eyes . 
 `` kasadya , i need some help , '' he pleaded . 
 oh , i 'll help him , back into near death . 
 i just stood there , ignoring him . 
 `` kas , just get it over with , '' kali said next to me . 
 i shook my head and walked up to him . 
 he greeted me with a smile . 
 i stopped in front of him and looked at him , trying to figure out how to test him . 
 `` so , any ideas ? '' 
 he asked me . 
 `` when i came to exsilium , my custos took me to a spirit fae to get a spark . 
 before that i was normal , but afterwards all hell broke loose , '' i told him , trying to find a solution . 
 `` then you 're lucky to have a spirit fae around for this , '' amon said from behind me . 
 i turned to look at him , incredulous . 
 of course . 
 he released melissa and walked over to max , holding out his hands . 
 max looked at them and then locked his hands onto his arms . 
 amon closed his eyes and concentrated . 
 i looked back at max to see what was happening . 
 i saw the moment he felt the magic . 
 he frowned , looking at me . 
 `` brace yourself , cowboy . 
 this is going to be rough , '' i warned him playfully , grinning . 
 payback can be so nice . 
 his eyes grew wide and amon released him , stepping back . 
 just like with a fallen , max started to transform , but it took longer than with a fallen . 
 it also looked painful , more painful than it had been for me to shift . 
 but a few minutes later , and i 'm sure a few screams held back from him , a half hellhound and half max was standing there looking at us . 
 unlike me , he still had his human flesh and eyes . 
 the only things giving away that he was not completely human were the big black bat-like wings on his back , two horns on his forehead , and of course he was way taller than usual . 
 yep , i 'm freaking frankenstein ! 
 he looked at himself , and the moment his wings opened up he tried to turn to look at them , which was impossible . 
 i could look at mine , but it was because they were way bigger than his . 
 he looked back to us . 
 `` so , what am i ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i looked at amon , waiting for a reply but he just stood there , his jaw open . 
 great , the freaking fae was stunned . 
 i looked back to max . 
 `` i believe you 're a half-breed hellhound , '' i answered . 
 he made the frown again . 
 `` look , i was born from a fallen pair , so i 'm a purebred fallen . 
 you came from two humans . 
 so by taking my blood , only a few fallen elements were brought into you , thus ending up in what can only be called a half-breed , '' i finished , shaking my head at watching too many stupid movies to come up with that explanation . 
 `` holy hell . '' 
 kali said from next to me , so i turned to look at her . 
 `` kas , if the fallen see this , i believe you 're dead , '' she went on . 
 i took it in gracefully . 
 `` i 'm dead anyway , '' i replied , and she looked away from max to me , sorry written all over her face . 
 what the hell . 
 might as well enjoy the ride until it 's over . 
 so i shook off the dead ring and looked back at max . 
 `` let 's see what you can do , '' i said , transforming to fallen and walking to take a sparring stance against him . 
 he looked at me , waiting for me to say something . 
 `` okay , your wings are your greatest weakness , but with the right training , can also be your best asset , '' i said , snapping out my wings for him to see how i used them . 
 i have mastered the art of moving one without the other , which really helps if you need to knock a demon or two away from you . 
 so , max and i started training all over again . 
 i became a custos and taught him everything i knew . 
 it took a few weeks , but slowly he started to transform into a fallen . 
 just like with me , his wings grew bigger and stronger with each training session . 
 kali took over the training with the human guys , to make sure they are not killed . 
 we were able to convince amon not to create more half-breeds . 
 he agreed to only use it as the last option . 
 up until now , we only had four half-breeds , two hellhounds and two fae . 
 kali refused to give blood , and i did n't push her any further . 
 so , it was between me and amon to train the half breeds . 
 we discovered later that the fae also just needed a spark , and there you go , magic half breeds . 
 unlike the other fae , the only indication of change in the half breed fae was a change in hair color . 
 we all trained hard and made sure they all lived up to their fallen bodies . 
 i must admit i had some sympathy for chax after the third day of being a custos . 
 man , i wanted to kill max a few times . 
 but alas , we were still going . 
 even melissa joined in on the fun , but we all agreed she would n't go out hunting ; she accepted and just trained herself at the compound . 
 kali and i got to know the humans and half breeds a lot better . 
 kali was even dating ryan . 
 absurd i know , but i was n't complaining . 
 after all we went through , she deserved some fun . 
 the first time the demons saw max , they all stood there shocked , so we quickly did some real damage before their brains could kick back into action . 
 from there we stormed club after club , after club . 
 but we never saw another fallen again . 
 we did however find a few clubs that were already shut down . 
 no demons in sight . 
 what was strange was that our informant reports that the club was in working order the day before ; i could only hope that it was them . 
 i still punish myself by trying to shift into exsilium , but still nothing . 
 `` okay , tonight we hit los angeles . 
 so , let 's get this started , '' amon instructed , sliding in his swords . 
 shifting also got a whole lot easier . 
 just like chax showed me , i trained them all . 
 found a nice cave in brazil that also helped . 
 i must confess that it took a long time , but we got them shifting and boy did i have fun with max in the cave . 
 chax would have been so proud . 
 the humans locked in with us , ready to shift . 
 max looked at me and smiled . 
 i returned the smile . 
 during all this training and stuff we became good friends . 
 kali sensed before me that when i fought alongside max , he kept me on the calm side . 
 he kept me from going insane . 
 the moment my yellow eyes go red , he would step in and take me down or something . 
 so far i still had yellow eyes and was sane . 
 let 's hope it lasts . 
 so , we shifted to a new club we learned about in los angeles , landing in the alley next to it . 
 `` okay , kas , kali , go check out the club and report back , '' amon told us . 
 so kali and i got our girl power out and walked over to the club . 
 we do n't flirt anymore . 
 now we just use our feminine side to get in , check out the place , and report back . 
 then we all shift in , using kali and me as the locators , landing in the spots we had picked out . 
 we got in like always and checked out the vibe . 
 yep , about fifty demons and a lot of humans . 
 i looked around and stopped dead in my shoes . 
 there , sitting on a couch , was mr. ballen and his crew . 
 i looked around and found kali staring at them . 
 the look on her face said he was so dead . 
 luckily she looked for me and when we made eye contact , told each other without words to report back , so we shifted out to the others and laid out the plan . 
 chapter 22 `` the demon with blonde hair , sitting on a couch , is mine , '' kali growled out . 
 ryan looked at me in question . 
 i just shook my head to tell him to butt out ; this was personal . 
 `` agreed , now lock in , and let 's get this over with , '' amon said , so they all locked in with me or kali , who had a wicked grin on her face . 
 she had been waiting for this for a long time ; i just hoped the ass did n't shift out before she got to kill him . 
 we shifted in and as we all trained , started the attack immediately . 
 with kali going for the kill , max and i suited up as partners . 
 between him and me , we were making a killing . 
 yeah , i 've got a sick mind . 
 i enjoyed this part of my life ; not the killing , but the team work . 
 i may have lost my family and friends , but i got one hell of a weird bunch of new friends in return . 
 the humans were also very good . 
 kali 's training has given them such an edge that we do n't have accidents anymore . 
 and a few have been complaining because they wanted to become half-breeds , but too bad . 
 max sliced a demon 's head off to my left , and i took out the one coming in from behind him . 
 yeah , we were on a roll . 
 every time i had a second to spare , i tried to find kali to see how her mission was going , but it was chaos as usual . 
 well , she had a lot of training . 
 no worries . 
 we went at it , and unlike the other times , demons were shifting in rather than shifting out . 
 no complaining ; more fun for us . 
 after a long while of fighting and killing , i felt a strange move in the air . 
 it felt like a shift , but it was like the whole club 's air was being sucked out . 
 i glanced at max and saw the same concern in his eyes . 
 i looked around to see what was up while max continued slicing any demons coming near me . 
 this was a huge freaking shift ; i could feel the hair on my body standing up . 
 oh hell , what now ? 
 preparing myself , i yelled at my team , `` regroup now ! '' 
 they all started to move back to us , creating a huge group of fighters . 
 `` do you feel that ? '' 
 amon asked me , taking a head . 
 `` yep , do you know what it is ? '' 
 i asked in return . 
 `` no , this is the first time in my life i 've felt this . 
 whatever it is , its big , '' he replied . 
 so i prepared myself for one hell of a big demon shifting in . 
 we found two along the way , standing over three stories tall , and as a group we took them down . 
 but their shift did n't feel like this . 
 i looked around the group and saw that kali was awol . 
 my heart went into overdrive , so i scanned the club to find her , only for my view to be blocked by a huge group shifting in . 
 everything slowed down , and i was frozen on the spot . 
 in front of me , fallen were fully transformed and going after demons . 
 chax came into view , then caim , a flying nanini throwing light bombs in the air , lada with her wings , lotan behind her , don and dagon . 
 they were here right in front of me , after all this time . 
 `` kasadya ! '' 
 max yelled at me , snapping me out of my starstruck moment to take on the demon heading right for me . 
 with one slice his head fell away , and behind him a sword was heading for me , chax guiding it . 
 i saw the moment he recognized me , shock all over his face . 
 then he was punched away and went flying through the air , and max came to stand in front of me , protecting me . 
 `` move into the circle , '' he said to me , but i just stood there , confused and happy at the same time . 
 seeing that i was not reacting , he pushed me back into the group with his body shielding me from the fight . 
 `` why did you freeze ? '' 
 he asked , still fighting . 
 `` it 's them , the fallen , '' i replied , slowly trying to fit in the whole thing , and to get my brains back to function mode . 
 `` fallen or not , they try to attack you again , they 're dead , '' he went on , guiding my body to stay in the middle . 
 `` i agree , '' ryan said on my left . 
 `` did anyone see kali ? '' 
 he asked . 
 that name had me back in action again . 
 crap , kali . 
 looking around , i tried to find her , but nothing . 
 `` i ca n't find her , '' i said . 
 max turned his head slightly to look at me . 
 `` do n't worry ; she 's good , '' he replied , trying to calm me down . 
 i tried looking for her , my eyes falling on one fallen after the other . 
 there were about thirty i guessed , taking down the demons . 
 after a long while the noise started to calm down , and when the last four demons fell , silence followed . 
 i looked at the door , still trying to find kali . 
 i turned back to find my group surrounded by fallen . 
 oh crap . 
 `` kasadya levourne , what in heaven 's name have you done ?! '' 
 chax yelled at me . 
 i cringed , taking in his anger . 
 yep , big freaking trouble . 
 `` you yell at her like that again , fallen , and you 're dead ! '' 
 max threw back at him , stepping in front of me to shield me . 
 chax looked at him , his face in a frown ; i peered around and looked at max to see his face also in a frown . 
 wow , they look alike . 
 `` chax , my old friend , it 's been a long time , '' amon said , walking out of the group to stand in front of chax . 
 `` amon ? '' 
 chax asked in confusion . 
 `` ah , at least you still know my name , and i see you found caim . 
 salve , caim , '' amon said , nodding to caim , who stood next to chax . 
 `` salve , amon . 
 it 's nice to see you 're still alive , '' caim replied , and then looked back at me . 
 seeing him , i felt a little better . 
 he looked good , real good . 
 the last time i saw him , he looked tired and old ; now he looked young and full of life . 
 `` hellhound , '' he greeted , making a graceful bow . 
 i smiled at that , still a gentleman . 
 `` what have you done , amon ? '' 
 chax went on , looking at the half - breeds and then at me . 
 i felt my heart turn to ice at that . 
 kali had warned me . 
 `` evolution , '' amon replied back , and at that chax 's head snapped to him , anger all over his face . 
 wow , glad to see he lost that cool thing he had going . 
 now at least you knew what was up with him . 
 `` how ? '' 
 chax went on , turning his sword in his hand , still ready for the kill . 
 silence followed for a while . 
 `` with our blood , '' amon answered , and all the other fallen took in a deep , shocked breath and looked at us . 
 chax stood there looking at him , and his face said it all . 
 i then saw a young female harpy behind him , and my last problem flashed back into action . 
 `` kali ! '' 
 i yelled , and stormed out of the group . 
 all the fallen went on alert , taking a stand . 
 that made me and my team counter it . 
 now we faced off against each other , weapons ready . 
 `` where 's kali ? '' 
 i asked , looking at chax . 
 he looked around and then back at me . 
 `` she was taken more than two years ago , '' he answered . 
 `` yeah , i know that . 
 i ended up in hell with her . 
 but as you can see , we made it out . 
 she 's here . 
 she went after ballen , '' i replied , angry with him . 
 i kept my eyes on the rest of the fallen , ready for the first move . 
 `` we saw only our harpy , '' caim replied . 
 i looked at him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked confused . 
 omg , kali ! 
 i moved forward and the first fallen went for me , the stupid young harpy . 
 i sent her flying with a wing , and marched around the club towards the couch ballen had been sitting on . 
 i found nothing . 
 angered and scared , i looked around , ignoring all of them . 
 `` he took her , '' i said , my eyes landing on max of all people . 
 `` he took kali , '' i sneered , and i could feel my throat close up with fear . 
 max saw that i was about to break and moved to stand in front of me , cutting off the rest . 
 `` we 'll find her . 
 i promise , '' he replied as fear pounded through me . 
 `` i should have gone with her , '' i whispered , and the image of kali being released from her trance hit me . 
 `` she 's not a little girl anymore . 
 she will be okay until we find her , '' he said , trying to comfort me , but all i could see was kali on the floor , totally broken . 
 `` that will have to wait , i 'm afraid , '' chax said . 
 i was n't ready to look at him , but max moved his head to look at him . 
 `` really , why would that be the case ? '' 
 max asked him . 
 `` because all of you will report to the council , to discuss the situation of your nature , and find a solution for it , '' chax went on . 
 i saw max go tense , and knew the real fight was about to start . 
 `` chax , i have to go find her , '' i pleaded . 
 he looked at me , but anger was all that i got back . 
 `` you broke the law , kasadya , '' he replied , no mercy written all over his face . 
 `` i know , but i have to help her . 
 i 'm sorry , '' i said , taking a fighting stance in front of him , my team following and taking a stand next to me . 
 chax frowned . 
 `` kasadya , if you do this , it will end badly . 
 stand down and take responsibility for your actions , '' he went on . 
 `` i take responsibility for them every day , chax . 
 but i will not let her be sucked back into their world . 
 you stand in my way , and i will take the necessary action to get you out of my way , '' i said , gathering strength from my hellhound place inside me . 
 i knew it was dangerous , but i also knew that a fight with chax was definitively going to be bad . 
 `` chax , brother , do n't do this , '' caim said next to him . 
 i did n't look at him . 
 taking my eyes off of chax could have cost me my life . 
 `` caim , you know as a council member , i ca n't let this go , '' chax replied , keeping his eyes on me too . 
 `` brother , please , i owe her my life , '' caim continued , and i could see his words reaching chax . 
 come on , chax , back down . 
 time 's wasting . 
 a guy 's laughter broke out somewhere to our left . 
 chax looked away from me to see who was making such a daring move . 
 i kept my eyes on him ; i remember my days as his apprendo . 
 i saw his eyes go wide and his face go into shock . 
 surprised , i turned to look at what had gotten his rockets up and found my mute guy standing there , smiling at us with huge golden wings sticking out from his back . 
 where his hair had been blonde , it was now black . 
 `` what the ... now you can suddenly speak ? '' 
 i said , confused at what i was seeing . 
 last time i checked this guy was a demon and worked for draco . 
 now he had golden wings sticking out from his back , and they looked like kali 's bird-like wings ? 
 `` ah , kas , nice to see you again . 
 glad to see you found your friends , '' the mute guy said , smiling at me . 
 `` who the hell are you ? '' 
 i went on , looking over at chax to see if he knew what was up with the wings . 
 i found him looking at me with shock . 
 `` kasadya , show some respect , '' he said to me , and at that i frowned . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked him and saw his face go into even more shock , his eyes going wide . 
 `` because , kasadya , i 'm raphael , the archangel , '' the mute guy said , and i whipped my head around to look at him . 
 `` okay , what would an archangel be doing in hell , playing errand boy for a demon ? '' 
 i asked , confused with his role in hell . 
 `` ah yes , of course . 
 when word came of a hellhound taken , we thought it best to observe the strength of a hellhound in such a predicament . 
 i must say you really made us proud , '' raphael replied , smiling at me . 
 now , i know there was a time for fun and all that , but that was just sick . 
 standing by and watching me and kali go through that without even trying to help us ? 
 so , the first logical thing that came to me as i was walking up to him slowly was giving him one hell of a fist in the face and sending him flying backwards . 
 `` kasayda ! '' 
 chax yelled behind me . 
 i heard him take a step to me but apparently max felt that i was in my right mind and stopped him , the two of them going at each other . 
 i walked up to where raphael laid on the floor and looked down to him . 
 `` you watched , but did nothing to help ? 
 some archangel you are . 
 you 're nothing but a coward . '' 
 i sneered out at him . 
 he started laughing again . 
 `` ah . 
 hellhound , again you do us proud . 
 the first of the fallen to successfully hit on an archangel . 
 remarkable , '' he finished . 
 at that , i turned around to see caim and dagon holding chax , amon and ryan holding max . 
 ignoring them , i walked over to amon . 
 `` let 's get the hell out of here ; i 've had enough of weakling fallen and angels , '' i spat out , pissed beyond the point of trying to go on with this conversation . 
 `` do n't you want to save kali ? '' 
 raphael asked from behind me . 
 `` you did n't help much in hell , archangel . 
 i do n't think you mean to help now , '' i threw back at him , and turned to face him . 
 `` true , in hell i have my limitations , but on earth and exsilium i have none . 
 i could not help you in hell , kasadya , because i did not have the power . 
 but seeing that kali is in london at this moment , i can help you , '' he replied , wiping a small blood trail from his lip . 
 `` really , and what would you be able to do for us ? '' 
 i sneered out . 
 it would n't have taken power to get a weapon and free us . 
 two humans showed me that . 
 as an archangel , he had no excuse . 
 `` well , i can tell you they have her nailed to the london bridge , and have set a trap for you and your half-breed friends . 
 but what they do n't know is that you 'll have more fallen and an archangel on your team , '' he said , smiling at me . 
 `` you missed the part where chax did n't give a damn about anything but his council seat , '' i said to him . 
 i could feel chax 's eyes boring into my back , but did n't care . 
 he looked at chax . 
 `` old friend , there is a time for formalities , and then there is a time for new ones . 
 your young harpy showed you that with time , new things can bring better results . 
 do n't look at this as an abnormality or broken law , look at this as a beginning of something new , '' he finished . 
 i turned to look at chax . 
 he looked at raphael for a while , and then looked at caim and dagon to release him , straightening up he looked at me . 
 `` if this is your wish , raphael , i will comply . 
 but hear my words . 
 if they betray us , they will die , '' he stated , his eyes boring into mine . 
 oh please , like you have a chance . 
 `` wonderful , now let 's get this party on the move , '' raphael said and walked over to ballen 's couch and planted himself there , looking at all of us . 
 well then , this will be an interesting chapter in my life . 
 a crazy archangel , a gang of pure fallen who hate me , and then me and my half-breed human gang . 
 yep , this is going to be fun . 
 kasadya saga : kasadya : hellhound twisted -lrb- book # 2 of the kasadya series -rrb- she fought against all odds and became the warrior she was meant to be ... or so she thought . 
 in a world where the rules have changed , can she embrace her destiny and become the hellhound she was meant to be ? 
 kasadya is back in exsilium and finds her world a little different . 
 her half-breed fallen friends join her , and they are ordered to complete their apprentice training in order to obtain the right to be guardians . 
 she must learn that her own fate can not be denied and that others are set to follow . 
 but most of all , she must learn that to trust is the greatest battle of all . 
 the tables are turned and kasadya is put to the test . 
 will she be able to prevent her own death , or that of a friend ? 
 or will her actions call forth the destruction of earth and exsilium ? 
 book junkies choice awards -- ya fantasy winner 2013 kasadya : hellhound born -lrb- book # 3 of the kasadya series -rrb- in a world filled with evil , the fallen prepare for the ultimate battle against the demon world ! 
 kasadya is ordered to unleash her crazed born transformation to complete her divinity . 
 but there is a chance that her born will be uncontrollable , and she will be destroyed . 
 there is just one person that can save her ; her charm , her destined mate . 
 left without a choice , she must surrender , and place her life in his hands . 
 in a race against time , the fallen must stand together and fight the evil threatening to invade earth . 
 if her divinity was in reach , victory would be theirs . 
 that is until she starts having visions of the final battle , and her true destiny is revealed . 
 she just found her love and place in the fallen world ; will she be able , and willing , to sacrifice it all ? 
 book junkies choice awards -- ya paranormal winner 2013 kasadya : hellhound defined -lrb- book # 4 of the kasadya series -rrb- for centuries his only reason for existence was to destroy evil . 
 but when he finally found his mate , that all changed for the deadly chax de luca . 
 when the hellhound kasadya captured his heart , he surrender it to her , thinking he 'd finally found what he 'd been looking for . 
 little did he know that his mate would sacrifice herself to save them all . 
 his fury is legend . 
 his wrath , merciless . 
 his love for his mate , undeniable . 
 he 's going to hell to retrieve his heart , and if that means that he must destroy hell itself , then so be it . 
 kasadya awakes to a world in peril , her mate forever changed , and a war filled with evil creatures intending to enter earth 's realm and destroy all that she holds dear . 
 can she complete her divinity in time to save her loved ones and mankind ? 
 will she have to choose ? 
 or will all be lost in the final battle ? 
 the final battle is here , and with it , secrets are revealed and worlds are changed forever . 
 about the author i am a complete book addict , and really proud of it . 
 my entire world is made of books . 
 from reading to writing to blogging to helping other authors . 
 a day without my world of books would be impossible . 
 i am a mother of three , two boys and a little princess . 
 happily married for 8 years with my high school sweetheart . 
 i live in south africa , just on the rims of the kalahari desert in a small town with one shop and friendly faces . 
 media links -- website / goodreads / facebook / twitter / blog / amazon 
