 the archer who shot down suns benjanun sriduangkaew copyright 2014 benjanun sriduangkaew smashwords edition this is a work of fiction . 
 all characters , organizations , and events portrayed in this novel are either products of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously . 
 any resemblance to real persons living or dead are purely coincidental . 
 all rights are reserved . 
 `` the crows her dragon 's gate '' © 2013 benjanun sriduangkaew . 
 `` woman of the sun , woman of the moon '' © 2012 benjanun sriduangkaew . 
 `` chang ' e dashes from the moon '' © 2012 benjanun sriduangkaew . 
 no part of this publication may be reproduced , stored in a retrieval system , or transmitted in any form or by any means , electronic , mechanical or otherwise , without express written permission from the author . 
 table of contents introduction the crows her dragon 's gate woman of the sun , woman of the moon chang ' e dashes from the moon excerpt from scale-bright about the author introduction before there was scale-bright , there were short stories . 
 i used to call them - somewhat literally ! 
 - ` the sun-moon cycle ' , but they since gave rise to my debut novella scale-bright -lrb- immersion press , 2014 -rrb- . 
 they are n't necessary to enjoy the novella , but i 've put them together for ease of access in chronological order . 
 all stories take place before scale-bright . 
 `` the crows her dragon 's gate '' -lrb- first published in beneath ceaseless skies , 2013 . 
 ed . 
 scott h. andrews -rrb- . 
 the story of xihe , the mother of suns , when she was young and the world was new : how she met her husband , lost herself , and found it again . 
 `` woman of the sun , woman of the moon '' -lrb- first published in giganotosaurus , 2012 . 
 ed . 
 ann leckie -rrb- . 
 houyi rose in heaven , bow and arrow in hand : the hunt was her joy , the slaying of demons her delight . 
 but most delightful was a serving girl called chang ` e. `` chang ' e dashes from the moon '' -lrb- first published in expanded horizons , 2012 . 
 ed . 
 dash -rrb- . 
 chang ' e has been a prisoner on the moon while the world turns and cities rise . 
 for centuries houyi has looked for a way to free her wife , and now she has found it in a distant grand-niece : a young mortal woman named julienne . 
 the crows her dragon 's gate before the end there would be love-songs to a passion so fierce that the offspring of my body turned into suns ; tales of our courtship a wildfire that scorched the world . 
 the annals of heavens may not always be trusted . 
 they were texts carefully edited , passed to chosen scholars ; it did well to remind the warlords -- and once empire dreams had come true , the monarchs calling themselves heaven 's sons -- that above them reigned paradise , and above paradise an everlasting emperor . 
 much was elided and confused . 
 but in the beginning , it was mostly that i was young . 
 the huang he was new , freshly disgorged from a dragon 's gullet , brimming with stomach-lizards and fish with scales thick as lamellar . 
 the heat drew me , as it too must have drawn him . 
 and so i found dijun by the banks with knees drawn up like a boy , gazing into the waters . 
 in his palms flame detonated into monsters that cavorted to the edge of his nails and spilled onto the grass , turning green to black-brown . 
 i measured and watched him through the frame of my hands . 
 what did i know of him then ? 
 that he was an oddity , not unlike me ; that he was without a place at court , without sworn brothers earned through blood and fire . 
 a lack that left him wifeless , for all that women gazed upon him as they would on rare silverwork . 
 they would glance at him , and sigh a little , and look away . 
 untitled and unpositioned , what husband could he make ? 
 i did not think of positions or titles . 
 he noticed my approach , and his smile intrigued me , for aesthetically it was most pleasing . 
 being young i mistook this for something else ; being young i thought beauty was all there was . 
 `` would you like to try ? '' 
 he held out his hand , where many-eyed beasts spun through their deaths and rebirths , purer each time , finer with each cycle . 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 `` your shadow moves on its own even when heaven 's light stands still . 
 like calls to like . '' 
 dijun hesitated . 
 `` and i find i can not look away from your radiance . '' 
 i inclined my head . 
 men offered flattery ; women accepted with poise . 
 that was the way of things . 
 we examined one another ; he in fascination , i for lack of conversation . 
 portrait-still , portrait-flattened . 
 to escape that tableau i thought of heat . 
 it flared out of me , gusting into two wings that multiplied , quartet then decaplet . 
 i 'd thought he would take to it , my natural kindred . 
 he recoiled . 
 `` that is wild . 
 have you never taught yourself control ? '' 
 until that moment it 'd never struck me that this required discipline , anymore than did breathing or laughing , or searching for the true face of the sky . 
 `` no , why would i ? '' 
 he frowned at me . 
 `` unreined it 'll bring disaster . 
 this will burn even immortals . '' 
 leaning close he gripped my wrists , his breath on my cheeks . 
 `` let me teach you . '' 
 i wanted to tell him : no , i had never burned anything , anyone . 
 that i did not want guidance , for this was part of me , like my tongue and my feet , and why did he want to teach me how to use those ? 
 i was no infant ; i was no child . 
 but for a reason i would n't be able to name until years after -- years stretching between us like clouds unrolling beneath chariot wheels -- i was silent ; i was silenced and could not demur . 
 i let him , could not quite pull away , show me how to coax the flame and bring order that it did not need . 
 i let him teach me what i already understood . 
 pulse hot in my throat i went away from him rubbing the places where he 'd touched , the fingerprints on my arms . 
 this , too , was easy to mistake for an entirely different emotion . 
 * * * winter was air sizzling against my skin , snow hissing to steam on my hair , a susurrus in my ears : xihe , xihe . 
 had i a mother she 'd have warned me , your vanity is how men will ensnare you , little daughter -- but i gestated in the dreams of birds and left them fully grown : a woman 's silhouette , no childhood behind and no old age before to give it substance . 
 i would have liked to be someone 's daughter , to call someone my aunt . 
 but all i had was my older self , teeth bared in angry laughter . 
 winter was shelter too , for dijun hated that season . 
 he courted status more desperately than he courted me , and he thought the cold would diminish him . 
 it would not ; only why tell him that ? 
 this was my place , this was my peace . 
 in my contemplation i could have missed the girl . 
 only look another way , sidestep rather than forward , take a different turn -- any of this and the storm would have sifted over , burying her fortune . 
 how small that chance ; how breakable her life . 
 humans were so prone to death it was a marvel that they survived to fulfill their allotted span , a fraction 's fraction of my own . 
 furs in the snow like slain carcasses : she was wrapped in layers of them , had curled in upon herself to retain heat . 
 i brushed away the flakes on her cheeks and lifted her up . 
 so light , so small , as though mortals were made of a substance less dense and less real than mine . 
 a wolf 's den . 
 the beast , litter-mother , towered over me even as it slept . 
 it woke and made room . 
 at my behest it extended a paw , gathering the girl to its belly like a pup . 
 i left and returned with lychees from my garden , fed from seed to fruit with fire . 
 stripping it of skin and seed i fed to the mortal flesh like meat , flesh like liquor ; blood-red and just as hot . 
 the girl woke like that in my lap around a mouthful of sweetness , of warmth leaping in the jugular and bounding in the stomach . 
 flush with this heat she 'd changed colors . 
 she spluttered laughter through chapped lips . 
 `` they told us death would look like a field in summer , not a giant wolf and a woman . '' 
 `` there 's no field , '' i said sharply , and did not tell her that the afterlife was far harsher than the wolf . 
 `` nor am i of the world below . 
 what insult . 
 what were you doing in the storm ? '' 
 her name was lin , and she did not believe i was real , my throat and head bare , my robes summer-thin . 
 with her thumbs she brushed my braids ; with her fists she crumpled my sleeves ; with her mouth she insisted i was a fever dream . 
 when that was past , lin told her tale . 
 her mother was a physician , away in the neighboring village . 
 `` i was fetching mother . 
 when i started off , '' she said defensively , `` there was n't yet a blizzard . 
 my friend 's sister got so ill . 
 that 's the only family jia has got left . '' 
 what did i think ? 
 only : gods were beginning to teach mortalkind the arts of hunting and making , the sciences of crafting and writing , while i stood aside , giving them nothing . 
 only : through her girlish glibness there was need , afraid of being heard but no less true for that . 
 `` i will take you there , '' i said , and impelled by pride added , `` for i have n't saved you only to see you rush to die in this weather . 
 it would have been a waste of my time and investment . '' 
 `` this is what near-death sounds like : my mother . '' 
 lin sniffed . 
 `` but thank you . 
 i think . '' 
 we did not wait out the storm . 
 in the aegis of my warmth she needed fear nothing of winter , and we raced along the snow . 
 i tucked up my robes to keep pace , the winds like razors on my cheeks . 
 they filled my ears with the beating of wings . 
 this was better than peace . 
 * * * dijun asked me to marry him , in my garden where i grew tiger lilies with stamens in gold , mandarins that crackled in the mouth , and starlings that thrived on graphite . 
 my self , made old and sagacious by rage , would say : a crime committed against yourself to have so much , to love so much ; had you made nothing , had you loved nothing , you would have had nothing to lose . 
 i was , then , turning my speculations to the sky . 
 not the one seen by mortals , whose every chi was charted and layered by celestial topography . 
 their sky had limits ; mine , far above even the heavenly court , was endless and true . 
 skies had nothing to do with what he talked about , which was what he always talked about . 
 finding a gap in human knowledge that other immortals had n't yet filled -- law-making , matrimony , poetry -- and through that making a name for himself , earning worship and shrines , then a place in palace hierarchy . 
 between this he also recited poetry wonderfully and played music sweetly . 
 so he interrupted both his own rhetoric and my thoughts when he pressed his mouth -- hot as the bubbling lakes around us -- to the inside of my wrist . 
 i looked at him , at my seized hand . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i would , '' he said against my skin in a voice low and thick , `` see you a bride . '' 
 his breath jolted my pulse as his words and gestures had not . 
 it was so sharp , so singular ; an arrow 's pierce . 
 later i would think : was this meant , did he know ? 
 of fire quickening fire , as oil in a lamp . 
 a reaction without mind or thought and i was caught up in it , in the insistence of his mouth . 
 `` i -- '' i began , and stopped . 
 my stomach roiled . 
 `` i do not require your answer now , though i 've long postponed this . 
 each day -- '' his choked hesitation , mirroring my own ; for different reasons . 
 `` you overwhelm me . '' 
 custom demanded that i respond . 
 an appropriate answer to his question ; surely one must exist in the cup of my skull , floating like tea leaves or hiding among the bottom dregs . 
 not until his leave-taking , graceful and correct , did it strike me there had been no question . 
 only a series of statements . 
 the imprint of his lips stayed , my skin ridged red around it . 
 i wanted more than anything to seek another goddess ' wisdom . 
 how would i put forward to xiwangmu , wedded empress , that i had been made uneasy ; how to say that without losing some essential piece of myself , becoming an alien unwoman ? 
 i did not object to dijun 's lack of rank , so what misgivings did i have ? 
 why would i not want a man this well-made , this adept in his bearing ; a voice this rich , a hand this firm ? 
 in search of clarity i descended . 
 through piety and deed humans could join heaven , scoured clean of mortality ; there were almost as many ways to achieve that as there were to fail . 
 for beasts , the methods were different . 
 for fish of jeweled scales there was the dragon 's gate , an arch above the apex of great waterfalls over which they must leap . 
 i had always liked watching these quests to transmute from fish to divine beast , from small bodies to sinuous muscle and horned head . 
 most did not clear the height , and fewer still arced over the roof . 
 the handful that did , one in a hundred-thousand thousand , emerged so incandescent that they filled me with certainty that a transformation awaited me ; that someday i too would pass through my dragon 's gate and become more than a goddess who did not know her way and purpose . 
 this certainty eased me into an answer for dijun 's non-questions : to see me in bridal dress he should be made to leap . 
 perhaps i would set him a wall so great , a cataract so fierce , that he would never leap high enough . 
 enlisting a child spirit i sent him the message : i want a light in the night that sheds without heat , winged and strong , tame to me and fierce to all else , and when you have brought me this thing i will consent to be your wife . 
 at once he came to me and frowning asked , `` this is not a riddle or a metaphor ? '' 
 i smiled at him ; felt safe in doing so , in the impossibility of my demand . 
 `` i am being entirely literal . '' 
 his long lashes beat slowly as he regarded me . 
 `` that is a tall order . '' 
 `` what treasure worth having is not purchased dear ? '' 
 did i want to be purchased ; did i want to be treasured ? 
 so thoughtlessly i gave that taunt . 
 but he 'd have risen to the task regardless , for the idea of marriage appealed to his need for recognition ; it would secure his manhood and therefore his godhood . 
 he might have a splendid mansion now , and all the knowledge he 'd gathered , but what of that ? 
 all in heaven did . 
 a goddess to wife gave him something to possess , something to master . 
 this nebulous sense of having and achieving would grant him the beginning of status . 
 in days , so few and so short , he brought me the crane . 
 it was garbed white , the color of death . 
 it was crowned red , the color of weddings . 
 dijun knelt to present his gift , not from humility but necessity ; he was nearly as pale as its feathers , his eyes glittering above bloodless cheeks . 
 `` it fed from my arteries , to have light without heat . '' 
 i did not let on how well the bird pleased me ; its beak like butchery , its talons like anger . 
 expectant , it stretched its long neck in my direction . 
 `` is it to feed from mine also ? '' 
 `` then it would be no gift . '' 
 his eyes fluttered shut and his head lowered , as though it could no longer bear the weight of being . 
 weakness inspired if not tenderness then bravery . 
 i would remember : i was the one who let him into my arms , i and no other . 
 his head was heavy on my knee , his breath stuttery in my palm . 
 dijun was so breakable that i could have strangled him with my bare hands and exhumed his heart with my nails . 
 older , wiser xihe would have done that and ended our misfortune before it could begin . 
 she would have known he 'd predicted me and laid down his fragility in my lap , an exquisite trap . 
 i was not old . 
 i was not wise . 
 night fell . 
 we stood on my highest balcony , he and i. having been satiated on my orchard the crane preened and did not fight when i cast it high . 
 its light burned silver-white and blotted out the stars . 
 more beautiful to me , by far , than dijun ever was or would be . 
 * * * we did not immediately wed. . 
 there were dates to consider , auspices important even to us who were divine . 
 lacking mother , father , or older kin it was up to me to give myself away in marriage . 
 i felt an accomplice to a robbery of my own home . 
 that was moot ; on the day of my transition from goddess to bride my mansion dissolved to mist , to await shaping by the wishes of the next immortal granted this patch of land . 
 as though that would be recompense , xiwangmu invited me to her palace where cloud-girls dressed my hair in spirals , pinned it under a buyao heavy with fire opals , and draped my face with a silk veil the color of my lychees . 
 the hue smoothed out the creases of my disquiet until i realized that i would be half-blind until dijun lifted that trifling bit of cloth , his right as my groom . 
 my own hands were not permitted such . 
 the cloud-girls assured me that i would be the envy of every goddess and dijun the envy of every god . 
 our nuptials were presided over by the emperor himself , beneath a sky of phoenixes and qilin . 
 one table for gods , one for goddesses ; both plied with nine courses of dishes that renewed themselves without cease . 
 a celestial scribe stood in attendance , unspooling an endless scroll , his hand and brush a hummingbird blur to record my entry into the country of wifehood . 
 dijun held up my veil far enough for me to eat , feeding me pearl-dusted abalone , shed longma scales , iridescent shark fins . 
 our guests praised his diligence and husbandly virtue : not yet properly wed and already so adoring , so excellent ! 
 how fortunate i was , best-blessed of all brides . 
 he did finally lift that whisper of silk all the way , once my cloud-girls retinue and i arrived at his home . 
 stepping over the threshold should have been my metamorphosis , sailing high over the cataract of ceremony and the roof of conjugal feast . 
 it was not , and his home was nothing like mine . 
 a garden easily as vast , with its own lakes ; in place of fruits and trees stood obsidian , sculpted expertly -- his own work , he murmured in my ear -- but they did not move , did not grow . 
 they would not taste sweet if they tasted of anything ; they would cut my mouth , draw blood from gums until my palate understood only hurt . 
 in the enclosure of the marital bed we sat , sipping wine until the celebrants were done wishing us luck and fertility . 
 i 'd have liked to have seen more of his house , which he had built like a honeycomb hexagon by hexagon , hanging each wall with long scrolls of verse and proverb , lining each corner with black vases . 
 we finished the last drops . 
 it would have to wait . 
 this night would be passed by means other than wandering from chamber to chamber , touching and admiring new things , meeting with his servants . 
 dijun removed jewelry from my head and loosened my hair ; each coil fell before him with a sigh . 
 he peeled the complicated robes from me , fastidious as flaying , and when there was nothing more to expose he undid his own . 
 seized with an urge for tidiness i gathered the clothes , folded them away on the round table at which we would share breakfast come morning . 
 i caught a glimpse of my nakedness in a mirror , sheathed in nothing but the lingering warmth of his hands . 
 his reflection watched me , and i watched it back -- spousal scrutiny mine by right -- examining the sweep of his eyebrows , the heavy fringe of his eyelashes , the sure lines of his jaw . 
 i waited for them to ignite in me a reaction stronger than the remote pleasure of viewing an exceptional orchid bloom . 
 when i turned around , his patience had expired . 
 he panted into the crook of my neck , whispered flame into my breast , chanted my name into my belly . 
 my hands sought purchase ; knowing not what to do with them i arranged them on his sides , where under my fingertips his blood throbbed , an animal fighting to break loose from a net of ligaments . 
 when he pressed me into the sheets my muscles coiled against the coming finality of our union , and i told myself : calm . 
 there was delight to be found in the dictates and practices of desire . 
 set aside fear ; it could not be so terrible . 
 and it was not . 
 there were moments when his touches surprised , made me shudder from a sharp impersonal thrill . 
 he did not cause me harm . 
 but it obtained over the minutes a mechanical repetition that i soon found unbearable . 
 i wanted to be done ; i wanted to be gone . 
 the longer it went , the less i felt like myself ; to be opened like this , to be bared inside-out . 
 the lamplight was as voracious as he , and neither left my skin with a secret to keep . 
 above me dijun shuddered , his mouth sealed against what i did not understand , his perfect face blank and slack . 
 sweat beaded on his brow and pattered onto me . 
 i turned my cheek so it might not slip into my mouth . 
 he bent to whisper in my ear , hoarse , that i was his . 
 when his rhythms had quieted and he lay as though one dead , i stepped out into his obsidian labyrinth to watch the crane that 'd drunk from his veins and eaten from my hand . 
 under its light i revised my definition of contentment . 
 * * * lin was beating clothes against river rocks when i found her , side by side with another girl . 
 the sight of me stopped her short , and she let the laundry drop slowly into the washing tub at her feet . 
 she grabbed her friend 's sleeve , yanking nearly hard enough to unbalance the other mortal and send them both tumbling into the river . 
 `` jia . 
 jia ! 
 see ? 
 i told you i really did meet her . '' 
 `` i see -- oh . '' 
 jia 's eyes were wide . 
 i was not used to appraisal so direct . 
 even dijun 's had been circumspect , offered through the filter of his lowered lashes . 
 `` i thought you 'd gone mad with fever when you told me you met a gorgeous maiden in the blizzard . '' 
 `` i did not say she was gorgeous ! '' 
 lin elbowed her friend in the side . 
 `` from the way you spoke it was obvious you thought she was . '' 
 jia grinned at me . 
 `` which you are , if you do n't mind me saying that . '' 
 `` you are both mannerless , '' i said , though i did not mind . 
 her flattery was not like my husband 's , given for no motive other than that she thought me pleasant to look upon . 
 `` you do realize i am of heaven ? '' 
 lin put her hands on her hips . 
 `` i still do n't believe that . '' 
 her insolence surprised a laugh out of me . 
 on the few occasions i had appeared before humans , none had ever questioned my divinity ; one and all they had prostrated themselves in awe . 
 i bent to the tub and exerted the mildest pulse . 
 the waters rippled and in a moment were seething . 
 `` well ? 
 i could boil an entire lake , but i do n't do that to amuse a pair of rude country girls . '' 
 `` an entire lake , '' lin said with a wistful sigh . 
 `` to bathe in that during winter . '' 
 to which , jia : `` to see you bathing in that , winter or elsewise . 
 you 'll invite me , of course ? '' 
 at that the child i had saved from winter turned the hue of cherry blossoms . 
 she flapped her hands at the cooling tub . 
 `` the steam . '' 
 jia laughed , throaty , full of knowing . 
 though of mortal girls i comprehended near nothing , i could guess that they were not simply friends . 
 `` are you sworn sisters ? '' 
 i said when jia had disappeared to fetch more dirty laundry . 
 `` or lovers ? '' 
 `` are n't you blunt . '' 
 lin made a face in jia 's direction . 
 `` she 's a lecher , a wanton , and if mother knows ... you do n't think it strange or -- or wrong , or impious , do you ? '' 
 `` why would i ? 
 silly child . '' 
 she let out a breath long pent-up . 
 `` good . 
 so what 've you been doing with yourself ? 
 it 's been nearly two seasons . '' 
 as though we were old friends , with years of climbing trees and mushroom-picking together on scraped knees and running downriver on bare fish-bitten feet . 
 out of me , silence bled from the pinprick she 'd made in my shell of empty words , empty acts . 
 `` did i say something wrong ? '' 
 `` i 've been marrying . '' 
 for it seemed a process , not a finished result . 
 the idea of its completion filled me with eager dread . 
 `` a god . '' 
 `` oh , '' lin said . 
 `` i thought you might have chosen a goddess to wife . 
 well . 
 i suppose that ... that does n't happen in heaven . 
 it 'd be ridiculous , would n't it ? 
 should i offer congratulations ? 
 it 's just you do n't seem happy . '' 
 `` i 'm not unhappy . '' 
 the lie curdled in my mouth . 
 i longed to spit it out , but like all lies it congealed , stuck . 
 `` but i do wonder if i could have delayed the wedding . '' 
 `` you could have told him ` no , you are ugly as a pig 's rear . ' '' 
 `` out of all the gods he is the handsomest . '' 
 `` then , ` no , you are doltish as an ox . ' '' 
 `` he is intelligent and learned in the scholarly pursuits . '' 
 scrolls in every chamber ; all his servants were artists and poets , learning at his feet as he painted portraits of me , composed verses to my loveliness . 
 lin 's brows drew together . 
 `` does he bore you in bed ? '' 
 `` you ask too many questions . 
 i suppose jia does not ever bore you . '' 
 `` she kisses like summer , '' lin said and her gaze became distant , her mind turning fast on its wheels to secrets and embraces . 
 did dijun kiss like summer ? 
 i could not fathom what that even meant . 
 `` my husband is kind . '' 
 all of heaven said so ; lauded his devotion to me . 
 was even the emperor so good to xiwangmu ? 
 `` daily he labors to please me . '' 
 `` but you do n't look pleased . 
 he does n't keep mistresses , does he ? '' 
 `` we in heaven are above impulses so base . '' 
 yet i wished he was not . 
 i stood and shook myself . 
 beyond lin i could glimpse a being more paper than skin biding patiently under bamboo leaves . 
 its whiteless eyes peered at me . 
 dijun 's creatures had perfected that art of reproaching me in my husband 's place , without words . 
 my throat tightened . 
 `` i should go . '' 
 `` already ? 
 i thought you might want to share a meal with us . '' 
 lin drew one of the trousers out from the tub and wrung it . 
 the garment was faded ; had never been white . 
 sideways she glanced , longing , at my robes . 
 her eyes lingered on the patterned bixi where plum blossoms flowered . 
 `` but you would n't want to do that anyway , i guess . '' 
 `` it 's not -- '' i caught myself . 
 to be flustered before a mortal girl . 
 `` i have matters of import to attend to . 
 i will come again , and next time ... perhaps you and jia will like something fine to wear . 
 it does n't do for me to be seen in such ragged company . '' 
 `` oh , you bite . '' 
 before i could step away , lin flung her arms around me . 
 she smelled of sweat , youth , and rice . 
 `` do come back . 
 jia and i will cook for you . 
 it wo n't be as amazing as anything you eat up there , but it 'll be our best . '' 
 a few hours later , when i was safely ensconced in heaven , the sky fell and flood claimed the mortal lands . 
 * * * his servants gave me such obeisance , fit for an empress . 
 there is no corner in his house , no path in his garden , where i might walk without the rustling of paper robes and paper caps as spirits of lutes and zithers cast themselves low before me . 
 an inkstone that 'd gained soul and thought would kiss the tip of my slipper , its muzzle pebble-smooth and cold . 
 none of them ever spoke ; across their vests was the word silence . 
 dijun treasured quiet . 
 i shattered that when i strode into his study , where he sat at his writing desk bent over loose papers , jade tablets , and clusters of threaded coins . 
 `` husband , '' i said , `` why did you have your servant fetch me ? '' 
 he looked up , vexation warping his features . 
 quickly gone ; a veil slid shut over that and he was flawless again , as sweet-seeming as he 'd been that day by the huang he . 
 `` xihe ! 
 to celebrate -- though each time i see you it is a celebration unto itself . 
 come , see these . 
 i 've presented them to the emperor and he was most pleased . 
 a work in progress , these divination charts , but i predicted the flood to the hour . '' 
 a fine trembling began deep in my liver . 
 `` you knew this would happen ? '' 
 `` of course , that 's why i sent for you . 
 the cause is still to be determined , a dragon in its death throes perhaps , or two uncouth quarreling gods . '' 
 he motioned with his hand , elegant dismissal . 
 `` it is beside the point . 
 my labors have caught his majesty 's interest . 
 at last i may be granted domain , monarch in my own right , and that will elevate you too , my wife . 
 does n't that charm you ? '' 
 `` why did you -- '' if i retched i would disgrace myself . 
 `` i was there , i could have saved mortals . 
 the flood 's only water . 
 at a thought i could 've vaporized it . '' 
 dijun gazed at me , smiled ; gentle amusement . 
 `` xihe , you could not have . 
 the flame in you is splendid , but it has limits . 
 other gods have given succor to mortals . 
 do n't trouble yourself with it , and i would n't want to see you strain yourself unnecessarily . 
 you are too young . '' 
 `` i could have -- '' and now i sounded as petulant as he 'd made me out to be ; i could not have sounded otherwise . 
 he 'd done it so neatly , my husband ; reducing me to a child . 
 it was the shattering of a heavenly pillar . 
 i heard it even up here , the howl of its breaking , the scream of its fall . 
 the flood that 'd burst through had drowned the sun ; so swift and total that all had been washed away , whether dragon corpse or furious deities strangling one another all the way to the depths . 
 those that could had saved entire villages and towns through sudden relocations of desert , patches of hill , and walls of earth . 
 his majesty summoned immortals to deliberate on the matter of restoring order . 
 i did not attend ; dijun would have persuaded me not to in any case . 
 instead i sought out mortal survivors . 
 xiwangmu had in her graciousness sheltered some at her palace , and there were so many that even the vast compound attained the grimy busyness of the densest mortal towns . 
 memory of heaven would be sieved out of them afterward through a mesh of fine but specific foods : delicacies found nowhere on earth , herbs like emeralds grown to bring forgetting . 
 my observation of the mortal world had always been at a distance ; i 'd never been this close to this much humanity . 
 the empress ' servants had dressed them in clean clothes , had given them filling meals , but still they clutched each other . 
 none made eye contact with me . 
 they hid when they could , and pressed their foreheads to grass or floor tiles when they could not . 
 neither lin nor jia was here . 
 they 'd been by a river . 
 floods , even mundane ones , were not things mortals could outrun . 
 cloud-girls , the very same who had dressed me a bride , greeted me and informed me that xiwangmu was occupied with assigning goddesses and acolytes to finding space for the survivors ; to seeking out those still stranded on earth . 
 i wanted to ask why i had n't been sent for , why i had n't been included . 
 shame thickened my mouth . 
 unable to speak past it i allowed them to lead me to an isolated pavilion , away from the refugees ; away from anything that mattered . 
 they sat me down among blue lotuses ; they held up tresses of my hair , exclaiming at the softness and luster . 
 covering me in their raindrop-beaded braids they mistook my quiet for wifely pining . 
 `` he will soon be with you , goddess . '' 
 `` doubtless he thinks of you every moment . '' 
 `` no man may turn his gaze from loveliness like yours . '' 
 i would have laughed in their ice-tipped faces . 
 i would have sharpened my scorn and with it dissolved them to wisps of fog , two cupfuls of water . 
 `` you find me pleasing , then . '' 
 `` more than pleasing , wondrous xihe . 
 oh , if you were n't made as you are , prone to scorch us with your divinity ... '' '' ... in throes of passion , we would clasp you between us and show you , for all that you are a wedded wife . 
 we can keep secrets , as we keep rain and thunder , storms and lightning , within our bellies . '' 
 `` i wo n't harm you . '' 
 they glanced at each other , challenging ; one knee-walked forward . 
 i bent , obliging , and she took my face in cool hands , pressing sunset lips to mine . 
 i waited , wanted , for it to stir me in some way . 
 it should have . 
 why was n't it ? 
 her waist like a wasp 's , her eyes more enchanting than my husband 's , her kiss inviting . 
 in the end , awkward , i thanked her and prevailed upon them to bring me stationery . 
 they got me the best , but if they had put before me uncured hide and a rusty knife with which to carve upon it i would not have cared . 
 so long and closely i had guarded the thought of this behind my teeth , concealed it deep between the ventricles of my heart , that when i began to draw the chariot it startled me how solid it was , how sleek its shape and lines . 
 here the dragons would be yoked . 
 there i would sit , the reins taut in my hands . 
 i 'd fly so fast , so far . 
 none would keep pace with me . 
 once the ink dried i rolled the paper tight , as small as it could get , and clutched it to me as i returned to dijun 's mansion . 
 calling the crane i brought it to the corner where my orchard tried to grow . 
 so few of my trees and bushes would thrive on dijun 's land , but the handful that did i nursed with all my strength . 
 the flowers and fruits were so prone to bursting into flames that his servants did not dare approach them , for their garments caught easily and my husband disdained slovenliness . 
 i wedged the scroll in the crevice of an orange tree and bade it seal shut . 
 his courting gift had grown so large it no longer fit in my arms , but it tried to nest there , nuzzling me for warmth as i fed it the ripest of what i had . 
 stroking its back i wondered if in a thousand years it might learn thought and woman form . 
 or even sooner ; the crane had had an unconventional provenance . 
 then i would have a companion , a mercurial girl with yellow irises and crimson eyelids , robed all in white . 
 i smiled into the crane 's feathers , which smelled of tangerines . 
 perhaps it would be like having a daughter of my own . 
 `` would you like that ? '' 
 i murmured . 
 she would fly with me , and unless she wanted to i would never make her wed. . 
 my crane-child . 
 dijun came back from the palace exuberant . 
 he did not pass the details to me , but once he 'd dismissed the servants he pulled me against him , clasping his mouth to mine . 
 he tasted of victory ; his tongue fed me loss . 
 each time i would turn tense then uncoil in stages , yielding into softness that he 'd take for desire . 
 he would suckle at my breast while i thought of flight and limitless skies . 
 a tedious chore to get through ; nothing more . 
 i had even learned to gasp and tremble , for i did not want to face again the anxious brittle questions -- do i not please you ? 
 which hid what is it that you think of ; has another man caught your eye ? 
 so learned and lovely , my husband ; yet so afraid that i would slip loose of his arms , dance free of his house . 
 the crane snapped forward . 
 dijun jerked away . 
 his blood , viscous-hot , dripped from the crane 's beak . 
 `` ah , '' he said , holding his hand away from his silks . 
 `` tame to you , fierce to all else ; my gift to you has been most perfect to your tastes . '' 
 sourness rolled over my tongue , the first stepping-stone on the path of silence ; silence as he spoke and drew me into a trap where i could not breathe , could not be heard . 
 i tried . 
 oh , my older self , my mother-self , i tried . 
 `` it was born of your blood . '' 
 `` but shaped by your request . '' 
 his edged regard grazed over my skin , fine and honed , and my stomach clenched ; had he felt in me that disinterest so near to unwant ? 
 then he chuckled , loudly false . 
 `` let it be . 
 it is nothing . 
 shall we dine together ? 
 matters of court have kept me so occupied and i 've missed you , in all ways . '' 
 in his presence even celestial repast turned to dust in the mouth . 
 * * * once , dijun incinerated three of his servants for having mislaid his tablets . 
 spirits with origin in instruments were made of wood ; remained wood , bamboo , and camphor . 
 soon they became ashes and scented smoke . 
 i did not love them , i would never care for them . 
 yet i knew it was the fear of him that made them dog my steps , report my every move to him in scrolls left by his desk at dusk . 
 one morning i summoned them and showed them fire . 
 `` i will be in my garden , '' i told them , `` to tend my plants . 
 i will not have moved , gone anywhere , spoken with anyone . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 they looked at one another , at me . 
 it was so easy for courage , or cowardice , to fruit cruelty . 
 discarding dijun 's lessons of control and restraint i opened my hand . 
 blue heat ambered ; paled to white . 
 soundless even now , they shrank away . 
 `` are you mute ? 
 have you no language ? 
 answer me ! '' 
 i singed and seared them . 
 and they finally spoke with throats meant for music , with voices meant to be heard : every word a note , all of them together a song . 
 they said yes . 
 they called me mistress . 
 they swore obedience . 
 mount kunlun reared high enough to elude submersion . 
 i did not entertain illusions ; others would have already combed every shadowed pool for mortals . 
 were jia and lin alive , they would have been found . 
 even so i searched , rattling the minutes in the abacus of my skull , tallying them into the hours i had until dijun returned home . 
 the fish-kite was a yellow slash in the sky 's watery murk , whipping at the end of a tether wind-pulled taut . 
 i followed it , and thereby discovered the twins . 
 they genuflected in a fall of bronze headdresses and rustling scales and introduced themselves as nuwa and fuxi . 
 they orated and moved in perfect harmony ; smiled simultaneously , perpetually at peace in their oneness . 
 sister-brother , wife-husband , sharing a single snake tail that served as stomach and tool of perambulation . 
 sheltered in their immense coils , lin and jia lay asleep . 
 `` we have put them to dreams , '' nuwa said ; fuxi continued , `` full of easy prey and quiet so they would not alarm and flee . 
 we smelled a goddess on them and have kept them safe . 
 are they for you ? '' 
 `` they ... are . '' 
 i risked touching their scales . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 `` we are of a kind . '' 
 `` disaster has ever been our domain , and it came to us that we are wise to mending the heaven-breach , of restoring mortalkind to this earth . 
 this we would set to for a little boon . 
 will you grant us this , or bring us to one who may ? '' 
 it was n't for me to grant anything , and they were so large that i could not imagine carrying them back to heaven , let alone with two mortal girls . 
 we managed by and by , and i directed them to xiwangmu -- she had authority i did not , and i wanted least to be given credit for nuwa and fuxi . 
 dijun would never forgive it . 
 lin and jia i entrusted to guanyin . 
 under my husband 's gaze , i was not myself , not my own . 
 the girls , who knew themselves so well , did not need to witness that . 
 the twins wanted permission to marry . 
 to his credit -- or some said discredit -- the emperor swiftly gave them that , so long that they did not procreate . 
 they accepted that clause serenely , and set to baking clay that would become humans full-grown : no need for infancy and childhood , no want for the slow process of pregnancy . 
 fuxi took up my husband 's charts and made them fit for mortals so they might predict and avoid the next calamity . 
 nuwa sheared off the tip of their shared tail , which in aplomb grew into a second snake , black on gold . 
 this creature she coaxed to fill the roaring gulf the broken pillar had left . 
 in days it hardened , scabbing over that wound in heaven 's sea . 
 there remained only the matter of the extinguished sun . 
 the shape of dijun 's thought on this became evident when he reminded me that in both of us an illimitable flame burned , that we had a duty , and did i not miss our courtship ? 
 i avoided him . 
 i considered cuckolding him so he would cast me aside . 
 it would be scarce challenge to find a fisher boy , seduce him , and rut with him , if the idea did not clog my throat with disgust . 
 dijun excited me little enough ; other men interested me even less . 
 had the cloud-girl inspired some want in me , some longing at all , i would have invited her into my bed and flaunted her before my husband . 
 i heard that he laid down the rules and ceremony of nuptials for mortals new-made , in the fashion of our own wedding : the veil , the sacred husbandly lifting , the loosening of hair . 
 man and wife . 
 but those days softened from desperate to bearable through the liberty i had purchased with wrath . 
 my wanderings were not half so blithe as they had been in my maiden days , but it was good all the same to step free , even under this sky . 
 the flood abated by degrees . 
 at the foot of kunlun muddy mounds , once huts , began to emerge . 
 a lonely pagoda finial ; the head of a statue . 
 i went to the empty place where my house had once stood . 
 i could not transmute it to what it had been ; to do so required having one 's name registered to that plot on heaven 's census , and mine was appended to dijun 's now . 
 then came a night when i could not find the crane . 
 this had never happened ; it -- she -- had learned the routine so well , like breathing , like flight . 
 my husband to my relief was absent , which gave me free reign to question the servants . 
 but this time , however i threatened , none of them would answer in words , holding in their collective silence as though it could shield them from my anger . 
 one pointed , paper sleeve charred by my hand , toward the obsidian maze . 
 on black pavement i found the crane , limp and still . 
 every bone in her wings had been broken . 
 dijun was slight , never a warrior , but i 'd felt how unhesitating his grip could be , and bird bones were so fragile . 
 i did not waste tears . 
 from each branch and bramble in my orchard i stripped orchids and okra , lilies and lychees , sunflowers and starfruits . 
 hands trembling i fed the crane . 
 her bones did not mend ; her ligaments did not knit . 
 when she had swallowed every fragrant and hot thing , she shuddered : a spasm of gullet and shattered pinions . 
 from her beaks ten black pearls fell into my hand . 
 she laid her long neck across my knee , for mercy . 
 i gave her that . 
 once she had gone cold , i flung her up into the sky one last time . 
 her body , if not spirit , would remember the way . 
 the pearls i spilled into a silk pouch , which i tied shut and slipped into my robe . 
 i had seen nuwa make life from craft and memory , children without mating . 
 i knew what i had to do . 
 * * * under blackness crane-corpse lit , i entered his majesty 's palace . 
 it had many gates , many walls , tiered one over another and bisected by a stair that did not end . 
 guards in stone and lamellar barred my way . 
 i melted the metal on their glaives , burned black marks into their armor . 
 a storm of twenty wings and thirty taloned feet passed through them , and they gave way . 
 my wish had been for : impervious , aloof , untouchable . 
 my reality , when i reached the throne room , was one of breathlessness and trembling knees . 
 kneel and i would have snapped ; kneel and i would have fallen , to such depths that no godhood or fire could have saved me . 
 i remained therefore standing . 
 the crows hid my terror , scarlet beaks and dark eyes holding close to me as a shield . 
 my own court . 
 arrogance , then , would serve me . 
 the few immortals in attendance pinned me with their scrutiny . 
 behind him the emperor 's throne hissed , scales rustling , claws unsheathing . 
 his majesty quieted both throne and gods with a motion . 
 `` xihe , we have long missed your grace and company , though we did not expect the size and unusual nature of your entourage . '' 
 to ground myself i ought to have murmured ritual greetings , every respectful phrase . 
 all that tumbled out of me was , `` majesty , i have an answer to the question of bringing back daylight . '' 
 a sharp intake of breath , by whose cadence and pitch i recognized as my husband 's . 
 `` might we see a demonstration ? '' 
 `` outside , your majesty . 
 i would not wish to ruin the roof . '' 
 gravely he led ; royal body , royal head : the limbs of the court must perforce follow . 
 my husband among them ; my beautiful husband with his traps at the ready , his snares snapping after my heels . 
 i did not look at him , would not look at him . 
 my voice would not be taken ; my courage would not be shaken . 
 the crows moved with me and there i took refuge . 
 in the courtyard i whispered to one of the crows perching on my shoulder . 
 he leaped into the night , strong as summer morning , and blazed . 
 the emperor shielded his eyes with his sleeve . 
 courtiers drew back from the stab of midday heat . 
 dijun had gone utter white . 
 the emperor gave a contemplative nod . 
 `` how did you come by them ? '' 
 `` they are the sons of my flesh and my husband 's blood . '' 
 i did not tell them i had given birth through my eyes . 
 feathers slick , leaving me like tears . 
 cartilage passing through my lashes to harden on the other side ; blood-brooks on my cheeks . 
 i smiled slowly . 
 `` my children , your majesty , every last one of them . '' 
 dijun 's proximity rippled against my skin . 
 he would claim us all , wife and progeny , and we would return to his mansion , where in his hexagonal rooms my path would wind around itself until the only way was back . 
 there he would part my thighs and with a kiss murmur , more sons , most precious of wives . 
 `` i will want an engineer to help me build a chariot . 
 in this my sons and i will ride , bringing day to mortals and heavens alike . 
 we will glide high and in this way avoid all earthly frights . 
 no flood will ever again cause winter unending or night everlasting . '' 
 dijun fell back . 
 he could not object ; could not admit he 'd been told none of this , that this plan was none of his , that he did not know his wife . 
 the shame would fall on us both but on him hardest for being unable to master me , inkstaining indelibly what he thought the pellucid waters of his honor . 
 i had strangled his words in the crib of his throat . 
 i had given back the silence he 'd forced into me with his mouth . 
 this was my moment of becoming , and i savored it , every bite , more potent than the best of my orchard . 
 taming mounts was no difficulty . 
 carps newly reborn were docile , and drawn to my power they would acquiesce to anything . 
 with them pulling the chariot i brought lin and jia to an inland town where survivors -- not nuwa 's clay offspring -- had gathered to try again and heal . 
 fuxi and dijun had laid down the customs of marriage , man to wife , but this small corner i claimed for myself ; wife and wife would live without reproach . 
 i visited them often . 
 my sons grew in bounds , greedy in their eating , until they stood as tall as i. soon i had to fly with only one of them at a time , for together their joy would crisp and cook the earth to ashes . 
 after the first three dawns they began to speak , a jabbering chorus of mother ! 
 their first utterance , their first reality . 
 on the easternmost shore , beyond gods and humans , i nursed a tree to grand heights , mulberries like embers on its boughs and leaves that would cut to pieces anyone other than us . 
 each sunset i watched my crow-children sleep on the branches . 
 my sons ' laughter was music , and they knew no sorrow . 
 * * * it was long after the end , and out of ten sons only one remained to me , the last , the youngest ; here approached the part of my story which is known best . 
 even then it was such a quiet , submerged part . 
 mortals learned the legend of how ten sun-crows rose and terrorized the earth with their fatal light , how heroic houyi -- heaven 's best marksman , dijun 's champion -- shot them down . 
 xihe went barely mentioned : the suns ' mother , nothing more , for the function of giving them birth must be fulfilled by some vessel . 
 i 'd told my sons of what dijun had done to me , to the one who preceded them as my child of the heart , but they were sons , not daughters : a gulf no motherhood could cross . 
 they wanted only to be a family . 
 in the end i could not impose my hate upon them , for i wished their existences unmarred ; i wanted them steeped in bliss . 
 they were only mortal . 
 few realized that they were not divine , inheriting neither dijun 's agelessness nor mine . 
 they would pass , and some other way would have to be devised to light the world . 
 dijun told them : i sometimes long for a fancy to see the sky subsumed by your wings . 
 the brilliance of you all together , for heaven and earth to behold . 
 my sons had been uncomplicated creatures . 
 born to be loved . 
 if their father expected a little gesture to earn his , why then , they would gladly give it . 
 the feathers of my youngest were growing rime , aging before their time . 
 absorbing the work of his brothers was more than he was made for , and in time he would fade . 
 it was terrible for a mother to mourn her children -- but when my offspring was mortal and i was not , what was to be done ? 
 life was change . 
 he fell asleep , my last son . 
 in the sky a dead crane drifted . 
 a footfall ; a radiance . 
 `` xihe . '' 
 `` you ever visit uninvited , husband , '' i said without looking at him . 
 `` it seems you do not understand the meaning of unwelcome . '' 
 `` you were a delight once . '' 
 `` these days i 'm rather delighted with myself . '' 
 i turned my attention to scrubbing one of my dragons ' necks . 
 `` heavenly etiquette is all that stands between you and the event of your eyes being pulped between my dragon 's teeth . 
 i 'd personally gouge them out with my thumbs . 
 since our wedding night i 've longed to do this . '' 
 his robes rustled as he backed out of the dragon 's reach . 
 `` you would not . 
 and could not . '' 
 i looked down at my arms , at muscles hardened over centuries . 
 `` how precious that you think so . '' 
 `` in celestial census we remain spouses , xihe . 
 what would befall you if you attempted to murder your own husband ? '' 
 he drew closer . 
 `` and witness what has transpired after you left me . 
 your sons dead . 
 you can not govern yourself , much less them . 
 one child is all you have left to live for . '' 
 i could not keep from laughing . 
 `` that 's what you think ? '' 
 i stepped into the chariot and tugged the reins . 
 the paired dragons arched and reared . 
 `` i live for myself , dijun . 
 for that i have been made ; for that i have been born -- for myself , not for you , not even for my sons . '' 
 life was change , and not even the mother of suns would forever stay the same . 
 the limitless skies opened for me . 
 into them i soared , flames pouring out of me in a roar , a dragon 's gate carved into the night . 
 mine alone to leap . 
 woman of the sun , woman of the moon it is the aftermath of the world 's end , and nine birds -- nine suns -- lie dead while houyi cradles the curve of her bow , her fingers locking around the taut hardness of its string . 
 the tenth sun , the last , has fled . 
 chastise them , dijun said , a father 's plea . 
 but there is the land and the horror and the dryness , desiccated corpses in empty dust trenches that were rivers not long ago . 
 there are dead dragons , too , and snake women with bright eyes -- and is it not right to bring down the suns , is it not what houyi is meant to do ? 
 she is a god who protects ; she is a god given a duty . 
 the birds are dead . 
 they no longer burn , but the places where they have fallen will long after be black scorch marks , indelible . 
 there will be consequences . 
 it does not matter that her first shot meant to warn : wing clipped , the eldest sun plunged and shattered on the earth . 
 seeing their brother fall they attacked , and she had to defend herself . 
 behind her chang ' e is inhaling and exhaling shallow scraps of air . 
 they will not let this pass . 
 what will you do now ? 
 where will we go ? 
 and the archer whispers , i saved them all . 
 she knows , as she has known since she notched that first of nine arrows -- even in the firestorm of their rage she was a peerless shot , one arrow per bird all she needed -- that for her there will be no thanks . 
 they have transgressed enough , wife and wife , and this shall be the final insult tolerated . 
 so houyi only takes chang ' e 's hand and says , i am sorry . 
 night comes , and with it the first drops of rain . 
 somewhere a dragon king or queen serpent stirs and tastes the air with a forked tongue . 
 the sea mother sifts sand out of her eyes , which have been so parched , so dry . 
 out of their bellies and mouths rivers will surge forth , tides will rise bright-green with brine , and the world can go on as it did before the convening of ten triple-legged suns . 
 this is their duty , as the murder of sun-crows has been hers . 
 * * * houyi sometimes thought she might have been mortal . 
 but all she remembered was the bow and slivers of wind which she soon learned to pin to wood with arrowheads . 
 neither mother nor father commanded her early recall . 
 easily enough she was accepted under the jade roof , for new yearly new deities swelled the court . 
 when the time came to instate her , some consternation arose . 
 what she was , ought to be , seemed evident from the divine weapon and quiver on her back . 
 whether she should be titled accordingly was a matter of debate.archer-god denoted a militarial register : should she be appointed general , marshal , or captain in the bargain as other deities of similar associations were ? 
 was n't there a young man from the realm below , skilled with the same weapon ? 
 houyi could perform as his follower , his hunter , and she could keep the bow . 
 in the end meng , who attended court rarely and spoke up less , pointed out the obvious solution . 
 let the god-to-be compete with the boy and decide thereby which deserved the title . 
 the boy was summoned , houyi matter-of-fact defeated him , and that settled the matter . 
 out of respect formeng -- who had abandoned gleaming nacre and ever-blooming gardens , and agreed to a duty of doling out oblivion in hell -- the emperor did not gainsay the result , and out of fear too that the old woman of forgetting might leave her hell-post in pique . 
 few were suited to it , fewer still willing . 
 brewing amnesia had become a woman 's work : no male of his court would stoop to it , and no goddess would leave the hard-won comforts of paradise . 
 houyi became the divinity within the sacred instant between tautness and letting fly . 
 but she remained merely houyi the archer . 
 the army 's marksman division continued headless , making do with reporting to the artillery chief , whose main passion was vested in ballistae and who had little appreciation for the finesse of arrows . 
 all agreed , however , that the engineer 's eccentricities and injustices were preferable to houyi . 
 she endured this as she would endure other slights in the knowledge that she stood one excuse away from demotion . 
 the archer might be new to celestial ways , but she 'd seen how other women acted -- the wives , the mothers , the sisters -- and how they were acted toward : no fault of theirs , but it was a strict and narrow path they walked . 
 houyiwas nothing if not a quick study . 
 `` and where might i live , your majesty ? '' 
 she asked of the emperor , kneeling in her men 's clothes . 
 an absence of answer from the man on the throne . 
 he did n't appear young , the emperor , though he took care to look in his prime : oiled hair , oiled mustache , earlobes lengthened to denote wisdom . 
 a crown that dripped sapphires orange , blue , green . . 
 `` it 'll have to wait , '' he said imprecisely , `` for the masons need to rebuild the palace wings dijun 's crow-sons burned down . 
 they were most enthusiastic their last visit to our court , but who may deny a father his sons ? '' 
 `` yes , majesty . '' 
 she descended to the earth , passing through storms and sky-lakes , and sought out lairs of great beasts . 
 one tiger , of some nine centuries in age and known for his cunning , fell to her after seven nights and seven days of tracking and trapping . 
 an angry typhoon , manifesting in a litter of foxes joined to one mind , surrendered its flesh to her after she 'd pierced the hearts of its bodies one by one . 
 her fame grew , almost incidentally , in the demons ' realms . 
 it could n't be helped that she was seen by mortals and that they began to chronicle her , imagining for her an origin rooted in one of their own . 
 in one province they said she was a warrior hermit ; in another they insisted she was the son of a goatherd , and in the capital they linked her to the royal lineage , calling her a prince . 
 houyi considered correcting them , but she was busy drawing up the plans of her house . 
 in any case the hearts of mortals were obedient . 
 when she appeared to scholars in person , she was certain , they would immediately rewrite their manuscripts to match the facts of her existence . 
 academics must be empirical , or else what were they for ? 
 she made the pillars of her home out of tiger femurs . 
 the roof was the ribs of foxes , delicately strong , and the lattices of her windows were the finest in heaven , put together from the bones of immense sharks that feasted on the flesh of fishermen . 
 hardened feathers and scales of demonic owls and lizards became the tiles on her roof . 
 her methods of construction were barbaric , but when the house was completed few were able to say it was not exquisite . 
 her deeds , too , secured her position . 
 was it intended ? 
 none could tell , for she was indifferent to all -- the praises more grudging than respect , her own skill , her effortless slaying of wicked spirits -- and kept her thoughts hid and close . 
 the emperor was said to pay her a personal visit , telling her , `` this is most excellent work . '' 
 `` i 'm honored , majesty . '' 
 `` you could consider the office of our chief architect . 
 building and making are the noblest of arts , the most dependable of sciences . 
 we need nobility and dependability , houyi . 
 for look : many of the court are happy to range abroad and subjugate heaven 's enemies , yet when we call for solidity and wisdom , who provide but a rare handful ? '' 
 `` demons , '' houyi was reported to have said , `` require killing , majesty . 
 it 's a fact that they are fecund and breed without need or care for the natural process of things . 
 quell one and five more rise to replace it , springing full-grown out of filth and mud . '' 
 `` that is a truth . '' 
 `` i am grateful , majesty , that you thought me fit for a post so exalted . 
 but while the matter of masonry and the laying of pillars may wait , the multiplying of devils can only be regulated through hard labor and vigilance . 
 i give myself to this work so that another may enjoy the privilege and comforts of being your chief architect . '' 
 and perhaps the emperor smiled behind his sleeve , half in chagrin . 
 it might be that he took her answer for insolence and that it would explain what transpired in the following years . 
 for the time being , he merely left her be in her house of bone and fur and scales . 
 she cupped her hand over her fist and bowed to him as he departed . 
 the suitors started then . 
 houyi could n't pinpoint why men suddenly took up the fashion of wooing her , nor where the idea had started and caught hold of them like fire on dry grass . 
 first xuanwu , a monarch in his own right , riding to her home astride the snake that had been his guts , the turtle that had been his stomach . 
 he 'd made himself young for her , donning a skin luminous as pearls and robes redder than wounds . 
 houyi did not receive him beneath her window : instead she took him to a howling gulf between two cloud-cliffs , where she honed herself by shooting sunlight , separating each beam into seven colors . 
 between the seventeenth and nineteenth rainbows she asked , `` why is it that you want a wife ? '' 
 on the turtle 's back he sat , placid ; no marksman himself , he was content to watch and admire . 
 `` in my mortal years i never wedded . '' 
 `` that seems a fair enough rationale , '' she allowed . 
 `` but i do n't think i will suit your court . '' 
 `` it is small , true , and solemn . 
 still i am a martial being and we ought to complement . 
 i shall have your bow done over in hematite , and your arrows tipped in black diamonds . 
 in your lap furs and feathers and scales shall be piled high , dyed black and obsidian-beaded . 
 you shall be queen over the north , feared for your wisdom and prowess . 
 as my wife you may hunt as many evil spirits as you like and , in the sunless hours , pour their blood into the rivers of my domain . '' 
 `` that 's most generous , xuanwu , for a husband . '' 
 she did n't mention that hematite was not much good to grip and that diamond arrowheads would defeat the point of her practice . 
 `` yet i 'm few in years and have not had examples : i do not know how to be a wife , much less a queen . 
 i 've a love for bright colors besides , which is why i 've made my house as i did . 
 will you allow me to remake your palace ? 
 i 'll be most careful , papering the walls with the eyes of wolves and the bellies of peacocks , making lamps out of deep-sea beryls , draperies out of sunset skies . 
 that is my requirement , xuanwu , for what wife may tolerate a house not done in substances and style to her desires ? '' 
 he admitted that , certainly , a wife had every right on that matter ; he also admitted he was n't willing to compromise , for he found the brightness she enjoyed distracting . 
 they parted on good terms , over what was -- or what he was led to think was -- a philosophical difference . 
 marshal tianpeng , after that . 
 he visited her drunk , as was his wont , gourd clasped under one arm . 
 his fondness for women was legendary : if this one dressed more like one of his soldiers than the girls he chased , he readily discounted that . 
 `` for , '' he roared , `` what 's existence that does not vary ? 
 boring , that 's what . 
 come with me , houyi , and i 'll dig you a lake filled with the best wine . 
 i 'm a builder too , and have a deft hand with carpentry . 
 i will take apart my abode and you may do it over , in any color and material you like . 
 how is that ? '' 
 `` most magnanimous , '' she was reported to have said . 
 `` all i ask , lovely houyi , is that once in a while you wear soft silks and hairpins . 
 oh , not much , not often -- but perhaps one day out of a year , or even five ? 
 the rest of the months and hours are yours . 
 you can practice with my men , if you like , to show them just why it is you are named heaven 's best archer and feared by all the wicked . '' 
 the archer sipped the wine he 'd poured her . 
 `` that sounds very well , marshal . 
 then on those days you will also wear soft silks , hairpins , maybe even bangles on your wrists ? '' 
 tianpeng paused his drinking . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` it is both your custom and mine to dress martially , and you wish me to spend a few days every year changed . 
 therefore it seems logical that on those same days you will alter yours so that we can be well-matched . 
 it 's not orderly otherwise , and as wife and husband we 'll be subjected to ridicule . 
 or so i gather , being yet new to existence and not tutored in the ways of our kind . '' 
 he stared into his gourd for a long time . 
 upending it he found the last drop gone . 
 `` i 'm not sure it works like that , houyi . '' 
 `` why not , marshal ? '' 
 in the end tianpeng left to seek more liquor , more befuddled than angry , having spent an hour trying to expound on the logic of garments and the attributes of matrimony . 
 his own rhetoric turned around to gulp him whole , for he 'd never been scholarly . 
 he wrote the archer off as a lost cause . 
 other girls were abundant , more voluptuous and pliable than she . 
 also , most womencomprehended clothes . 
 others followed , half-hearted attempts to make a bride out of houyi . 
 not from any real yearning , she realized , but because she must be placed somehow , being fatherless , brotherless , unmarried , and not motherly in any way . 
 but the tide ebbed . 
 no mortal origin in her , so perhaps she was not dissimilar to guanyin : meant to be celibate . 
 the white goddess had even been known to take on a masculine aspect . 
 the suns ' father alone did not relent . 
 dijun watched her and sometimes they encountered one another at court , exchanging passing words and obligatory greetings . 
 he had his avian sons , who lit the world with their heat , track her when she left the safety of celestial confines -- to kill , to find new and sharp things with which to make arrows , to collect sounds and smells in her bowstring . 
 houyi did not require help and , with the wariness of a born hunter , knew when the presiding sun monitored her from his mother 's chariot . 
 infidelity in the hatching , and abetted unwittingly by dijun 's own wife . 
 she contemplated telling xihe of this , but found no opportunity . 
 the suns ' mother was remote , rejoicing only in her distance and abhorring any society not her sons ' . 
 and though houyi was fearless , she could not fly so high , nor endure the birds ' fire . 
 she prepared herself , close-lipped , for one last courtship . 
 he came to her armed in the glory of himself , whose seed had made possible the winged conflagrations that were his sons , whose incandescence had captured aloof xihe for ten fleeting moments . 
 even the emperor was not so resplendent : dijun was gold of skin and mouth , and flame threaded through his hair and the fabric of his robe . 
 when he found her , he knelt as though she was empress , as though she were not merely an archer . 
 houyi tried not to cringe from the heat . 
 she grimaced , in that subtle way she 'd mastered , with only the crinkling of her eyes and the slightest shift in the angle of her brows . 
 to most it did not show ; to dijun , clothed in brilliance , it was invisible . 
 `` i have long admired your grace , '' he began . 
 `` you do not have to kneel , '' she interrupted . 
 `` i wish to submit and supplicate -- to tell you that of you i will ask nothing , no silk or hairpin , no surrendering of your bow , no parting with your house . 
 i will come to yours , if you will have me , and sleep where you point . 
 i do not offer you jewels , for i know you crave none . 
 i give myself and beg you to accept . '' 
 the archer glanced skyward . 
 `` you have a wife . '' 
 `` xihe and i had children to give humans life . 
 we had children because we were alone . 
 we had children because fires burned within us that had to be birthed , given shape . 
 there 's ever been only duty , houyi , and when my wife speaks it is only to our sons . 
 they are her world ; i am nothing . '' 
 `` i can not mother the crows , dijun , nor chariot them to their ascent . 
 i 'm not made of such material that can withstand the edged branches offusang . 
 i can not give them my breast to rest their heads when they tire . '' 
 `` you do not have to . 
 xihe loves her sons , and they will remain hers . 
 i will forfeit her and forfeit my office . 
 it will be my contentment simply to be yours , my peace to know your embrace . '' 
 dijun opened his hands , and flame like molten gold fell , scorching the bones with which houyi had paved her garden paths . 
 `` please . '' 
 she knew there would be consequences . 
 she knew dijun could not be crossed . 
 she knew he could not be deterred , or brushed off , or misled . 
 in the face of all this , she pulled him to his feet -- she was strong -- and said , `` no . '' 
 he looked at her , eye to eye . 
 they were of a height , mandated to be tall . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because , '' she said very softly , `` i do not wish to be your wife . 
 this is not due to any shortcoming of yours , nor mine . 
 i simply do not wish this , and ask that you seek elsewhere for a bride . '' 
 in silence , dijun gazed at her . 
 in silence , dijun took leave . 
 * * * on the day houyi returns to face judgment the court is gravid with the weight of immortals from every rank , celestial and ascendant , sage and disciple , even half-mortal apprentices . 
 divine beasts wind themselves around palace pillars , lending the gleam of their scales and seven-hued wings to the polish of everlasting wood . 
 they shy away from houyi , remembering well how she loves to adorn her quiver and house . 
 today she does not see them . 
 grime and red sand cling to archer and mortal woman ; they leave dirty footprints wet with the blood of birds , fringed with feathers and ashes . 
 though houyi moves with the same grace she always has , and chang ' e with the same light steps , nothing in them is seemly . 
 the archer tastes dust in her mouth , and death of shriveling and peeling , of flesh thinned to paper . 
 here the air is cool and sweet , the lakes fresh and full . 
 ten suns rose ; nine fell before their scorching blast could reach these lands . 
 they kneel , wife and wife , before their monarch . 
 who speaks . 
 it was ill-done , houyi . 
 yes , majesty . 
 he gives sentence . 
 her bow will be taken from her : quiver , arrows , string . 
 she will be houyi the archer no longer but must take on another name , after which a goddess will take charge of her , to instruct her in the worth of wisdom and forbearance . 
 on these qualities she must contemplate . 
 in a few centuries , should she be deemed adequate , she may be restored to her former station . 
 chang ' e is widening her eyes , angry . 
 even so she recognizes that this may be borne . 
 it could have been terrible and final , and it is not . 
 she touches her wife , takes comfort , but houyi remains wary . 
 the archer knows predators and prey both . 
 then : no , majesty . 
 no . 
 distant xihe , whose bare arms are muscled like an archer 's from eons of charioteering and the weight of her children ; aloof xihe , who rides in the silence of the sky , above and beyond the emperor 's regard . 
 where she walks the tiles blister . 
 when she speaks the air sizzles . 
 she does not kneel , and this breach of decorum draws forth a shuddering collective gasp . 
 my sons , save one , are lost . 
 i shall not suffer their murderer among our ranks , and if you decree that must be so , then i am quit of heavens . 
 better to seek refuge in the demons ' nation , for there at least justice of a sort may be seized . 
 the emperor shakes his head , admonishment . 
 justice is not a series of strikes dealt back and forth . 
 it is not a duel , a skirmish , a war . 
 justice is weighed on a scale , right against wrong , wrong against wrong . 
 your sons were not blameless and there must be an accounting . 
 what 's done is blood-hot , but righteous . 
 years of labor are ahead for all of us to repair and restore . 
 the dragons shall weep until they bleed from their eyes to water the land . 
 who knows when the sea may brim again , may throng again with their thousand thousand lives ? 
 she holds her head high , the mother of suns . 
 i birthed them because i had to , and loved them in spite of that . 
 they were children . 
 they were only children . 
 houyi is not a mother , does not intend ever to be . 
 but she remembers that the crows soared and danced in the skies , and ignored her as children ignore interruptions to their play . 
 she remembers their beauty and how their joy gripped her even as she brought down the eldest . 
 they broke on a ground too cracked to cushion them , in lakes too empty to buoy their fall . 
 they tried to burn her , but she fired the first shot ; what else could they have done ? 
 there is something in xihe 's magnificence that hurts her . 
 and houyi rises , while chang ' e grips her wrist whispering , no , no , please no , houyi . 
 it 's enough . 
 majesty , she begins and chang ' e is trying not to cry , i did commit a wrong . 
 their deaths were at my hand . 
 this too is a crime that must , on its own , be weighed . 
 my sentence has been given says the man on the throne . 
 my word is final . 
 xihe deserves better . 
 the emperor leans back into his vast , living throne , and when he exhales it is a long tumultuous sigh : like storms dying down . 
 he looks from one goddess to one who will soon no longer be . 
 very well . 
 in the crowd , his flame swallowed , dijun watches . 
 * * * the feast nominally honored victory , but the palace thrived on a collective impulse for feasts , and any excuse would have done . 
 houyi ate with enthusiasm but drank sparingly , and chuckled at marshal tianpeng 's loudness . 
 when the dancers -- girls not yet ascendants but disciples of goddesses -- appeared to undulate and sing , the marshal 's laughter crested to a rumbling that shook his table and his companions ' seats . 
 she allowed herself a smile that did not show on her lips , and gave xuanwu a polite nod as he passed by . 
 the lion she had fought was many-headed and ferocious , and she 'd put its whiskers into the wood of her bow for hardiness , its deep-throated growl for flexibility . 
 more than the hunt , and very much more than the revelry , this had been her true delight . 
 the court had grown accustomed to her , too , and she was surprised that she enjoyed the company of goddesses . 
 they shared stories ; houyihad few of her own , and was therefore interested best when xiangu told her of her mortal years . 
 `` not , '' the ascendant hastened to add , `` that i had many of those . '' 
 `` it is no shame , '' houyi offered , `` to have many or few . 
 it is all experience and memory , wealth of the rarest and highest sort . '' 
 xiangu flushed , laughing . 
 `` you have such ideas . 
 do you not believe then in enlightenment , the discarding of the self ? '' 
 `` i have no opinion . 
 sometimes i think it would be good if i could be mortal for a few years , so i can see for myself what it is like and thereby decide whether purity suits me . '' 
 the goddess fell quiet . 
 `` you would n't . '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 `` unless you can manifest as a man , you would hate such a life viciously . '' 
 she laughed again , sour this time . 
 `` being a woman in the realm of men is ... not easy . 
 certainly it 's not simple here , either , save perhaps for you and the great guanyin . 
 yet even for me , for those dancers and serving girls , this is far better . 
 this is the riches we dreamed of , this is the wealth and goodness . '' 
 houyi frowned . 
 she was not oblivious , and had an inkling of what xiangu meant . 
 in the abstract : she could n't imagine the reality of it , the days and nights of living on earth . 
 `` do you think i should consider taking a pupil ? 
 a mortal girl ? '' 
 `` yes ! 
 oh , yes . '' 
 xiangu presses her fingers to her lips . 
 `` do you notice , so many more boys than girls are raised to immortality ? 
 i was never really taken in as anyone 's disciple . 
 i had guidance , yes , but it 's not the same as tutelage , which makes all the difference . 
 you would have much to teach . '' 
 `` i do n't believe i do , in truth , but it is a thought . '' 
 a dash of ceramic on floor tiles . 
 houyi looked , found a servant standing over a ruin of shards and spilled soup . 
 her face pale , her eyes wide , and her lips taut over a cry that she had bitten in half . 
 the silence deafened , and filled houyi 's ears with endless ringing . 
 one of the goddesses hissed into that quiet , and rose to grip the servant by her arm , chastisement -- threats -- on the tip of her tongue . 
 grim-faced too , the goddess bowed and pushed the girl to bow with her . 
 the mirrors she wore , armor-like , clinked . 
 `` majesty . 
 she is one of mine . 
 i knew she would ... i shall send her back to her parents . '' 
 houyi stood . 
 `` my lord , might i beg for her pardon ? 
 it is a feast that honors my deed , and i would n't wish to see it marred by severity for a mishap so little . '' 
 the incident was small , and after all so was her request : the emperor granted it , as rich men granted trifles . 
 she did not dwell on the event or her part in it . 
 so when the dining and performing were done , she did not expect to find a stranger waiting at her door . 
 `` i am chang ' e , '' the girl said , `` and my mistress tianmu bade me seek you and give you thanks for sparing wenlan , the servant who disgraced herself at your feast . '' 
 `` the feast was n't truly mine . 
 you are one of tianmu 's acolytes ? '' 
 the girl 's smile was balanced on a precipice . 
 `` i should be so fortunate . 
 no , i was brought here to serve ; she does n't accept followers . 
 i have n't the fortitude or the talent even if she did . 
 the lady tianmu has been most kind to me , even so . '' 
 houyi opened her door . 
 `` have you eaten ? '' 
 `` i ... have n't , no . '' 
 `` i 'm not much of a cook , but there are some buns i can steam , lotus seeds i can boil in syrup . '' 
 chang ' e shook her head . 
 `` i 'm not meant to touch celestial food . 
 i eat with other servants . 
 i do n't mean to be ungracious or ungrateful , only ... '' `` you are of earth ? '' 
 she looked down at the hem of her dress , a hint of color on her cheeks made gold by lantern light . 
 `` yes . 
 i serve . 
 i have n't earned ascendance . '' 
 `` i never had to earn it , technically , '' the archer mused . 
 `` might there be a difference between divinity earned and divinity inborn ? 
 if you put it in a box , the shape of it , the texture ? 
 but come in . 
 the lotuses did n't grow here . 
 they are wild ; i picked them while i was abroad . 
 unless you do n't like sweet things ? 
 i can boil them in ginger instead . 
 or you could eat them as they are , but they are n't fresh anymore . '' 
 the girl gazed down , up , and down again . 
 `` with the syrup would be fine . 
 more than fine . 
 or anything , really . 
 please . 
 and thank you . '' 
 chang ' e waited as houyi ignited the lamps and exhaled softly when she saw the house . 
 her fingers flowed over the porous tibia cross-sections , the chimeral overlap of mammal and reptile , the twisting curling horns that upheld the roof . 
 when she ate the lotus seeds she did so reverent . 
 `` it tastes of home . '' 
 the archer ladled boiling water into the teapot , reasonably certain that rainwater was n't beyond the strictures permitted to chang ' e. `` do you miss it ? 
 your life ? '' 
 `` heaven is perfect beyond words . 
 there 's no hardship here , no starving . 
 there was a dry season when i was young , and i remember my mother weeping as she goaded our one ox to plow the field , weeping over food that was not and would not be . 
 over the empty bowls , empty plates . 
 but it was home . '' 
 she splayed her fingers over sugared steam . 
 `` though there 's much i do n't miss . '' 
 `` such as ? '' 
 `` being a daughter . 
 being a sister . '' 
 chang ' e shook herself . 
 `` i did n't mean to waste your time with all this . 
 it 's unworthy of your attention . 
 you are divine and i 'm just -- myself . '' 
 the archer poured tea . 
 she 'd put a pickled plum in each cup , a hint of spice and salt . 
 `` i would like to know , unless you 'd rather speak of something else . '' 
 reluctant , then freely , chang ' e spoke . 
 her childhood , in part , and many matters strange and new to houyi . 
 playing in the river , trying and failing to spear fish with a sharpened stick , sleeping on a mat so thin it barely existed . 
 brothers came up in brief , sporadic mentions , creatures better valued than she was and who were n't afraid to let her know this was the case . 
 hot with tea she revealed , in fragments , the red bridal gown and red bridal veil ; of how she 'd fled both into a night choked with thunder and there was found by tianmu . 
 later , emptied of words long lidded , chang ' e drowsed and drifted off . 
 the archer found her a bed and went to her own , thinking of the puzzles she 'd learned and thinking , more than a little , of the girl who had taught them to her . 
 houyi asked for and obtained tianmu 's reluctant permission to take chang ' e through sky and sea , and even to the demons ' world . 
 though not unafraid , chang ' e trusted the archer and , laughing , would pet glittering eels in one of the dragon kings ' homes . 
 she asked houyi to teach her to shoot , to cut , for they seemed to her useful things ; lessons were given and houyi made her a knife from the horn of an ox devil . 
 once chang ' e pinched houyi 's cheek . 
 `` you should smile more . 
 i 've never seen you laugh . '' 
 `` neither have i. '' `` does nothing amuse you ? 
 bring you joy ? 
 it 'd make you look so lovely . '' 
 chang ' e reddened . 
 `` not that you do n't already . '' 
 they were standing underneath a tree whose trunk was silver , whose fruits were golden hands fringed with black petals at the wrists . 
 chang ' eturned rigid , at first , when houyi kissed her . 
 soon that changed , and when they were no longer breathing from one another 's mouths , the archer drew back and softly laughed . 
 chang ' e stayed silent for a long time , her breath quivering in her throat . 
 at length she spluttered , `` well i was right . 
 you are beautiful . 
 i do n't know about what we just -- '' she tangled her fingers in the folds of her robes . 
 `` though i would like to try it again . 
 maybe . 
 sometime . 
 sometime tomorrow . 
 oh and ... i lied . '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` that tianmu bade me seek you and thank you in her stead . 
 wenlan was to do it , but she was too shy and i took it upon myself . 
 without lady tianmu 's leave . 
 she reprimanded me for days and gave me twice my usual chores . 
 but it was worth every scrubbed wok . '' 
 outings followed , and more trees , and more words , during which chang ' e lost her awe of the god and gained in its place a wrenching want for the woman . 
 it culminated in a visit to guanyin , whom houyi had a faint idea might be wise in this matter . 
 the white goddess was seated at the edge of a river , attended by two children who would remain children in perpetuity . 
 guanyin did not acknowledge houyi . 
 `` chang ' e and i have decided we would wed. . 
 but she has misgivings and suggested i seek advice . 
 might you have any for us , great guanyin ? '' 
 the goddess turned her attention from the waters . 
 fish that she 'd been communing with dispersed , the children likewise . 
 `` my advice is to pursue it not , houyi . 
 it would n't be taken very well by heaven at large . '' 
 `` i am a god , '' the archer said , unnecessarily . 
 `` i would think that 'd give me liberty to marry whomever i please . '' 
 `` perhaps if you intend to become a man -- that is doable , of course . '' 
 guanyin looked , for a moment , like someone else : clothed in yellow instead of her customary white , tall and bearded with bristling brows . 
 `` for the ceremony 's duration at least and , for preference , several years afterward . 
 so the idea would stick . 
 beyond that if you return to being a woman , why , that happens . '' 
 `` i do n't think i can , but even if i could , i feel no urge to become a man . '' 
 `` then , '' guanyin said , flattening water reeds into neat rows , `` i recommend against it . 
 you will not be happy ; neither will chang ' e. '' the archer pursed and unpursed her lips . 
 `` there are gods with a taste for men . '' 
 `` oh yes , i know a dragon 's son who has a great fancy for sun-beaten farmers . 
 but that is ... looked upon differently and in any case he does n't mean to marry them . 
 wife and wife are unheard of and , as a rule , we are not fond of things too novel or strange . 
 there are limits to what is permissible , archer , even for you -- and your doings are more permissible than most . 
 you do recognize that ? '' 
 `` we could be less than open about it . '' 
 compromising . 
 guanyin drew out a handful of water and molded it , sculpting it into a pagoda around the ribs she 'd made with reeds . 
 `` heaven is full of loose lips . 
 one would think it ought to be otherwise , we being what we are , but there it is . 
 do you mean to persist in this ? '' 
 `` chang ' e and i are in accord , yes . '' 
 `` then bring her and i will bless you both , though i do n't believe it will do much good in the end . 
 for that , archer , i am sorry . 
 even i may not protect everything . '' 
 chang ' e and houyi wedded , with the same quiet of a mouse stealing through a room full of cats . 
 but guanyin was proven correct : secret became news . 
 on her part the archer heard the beating of wings , and felt the heat of the sun as it slanted onto their ceremony -- both of them in red , though veils , being redundant had been dispensed with -- as though , for a moment , one of dijun 's sons was gazing down at them . 
 not long after that , the ten suns rose and houyi was called to duty . 
 * * * houyi has never been mortal and , in ignorance , knows no terror . 
 the emperor 's sentence sits on her but lightly . 
 the land is slow to heal . 
 as though making up for that single searing day the sky broods , clouds churning thick as mud , crackling with flashes from tianmu 's mirrors . 
 rain fills cracks in the soil , transmutes dirt to mud , deepening red sand to bruise , ivory sand to honey . 
 chang ' e shivers , tugging useless drenched silks to herself . 
 houyi does n't feel the cold and damp so keenly . 
 her senses have not adjusted , not convinced yet of mortal fragility . 
 she puts her arm over her wife , a trade of warmth for chill . 
 `` you did not have to come . 
 this is my punishment to endure . 
 you should n't have come . '' 
 `` i came because i wanted to . 
 never forget that , houyi . '' 
 chang ' e interlaces her fingers with the archer 's . 
 `` tianmu would be loath to take me back under her wing in any case . '' 
 `` guanyin would shelter you . '' 
 `` out of pity , and i 've had enough of that . 
 it is not love . 
 it 's not even appreciation . 
 does it help that we can now grow old together ? 
 no , it would n't , would it ? '' 
 she tries uselessly to wring her sleeves dry . 
 `` if we head northeast ... my eldest brother makes his home there . 
 he is , or was , wealthy and our mother lives with him . 
 it 'll make this almost bearable for you , houyi . 
 no paradise , but it is comfortable . '' 
 houyi does n't require comfort , but does not say so . 
 her wife 's mother . 
 she imagines that . 
 a family . 
 that too is a difficult concept to grasp , she who has had none . 
 if she has lost her deific span , she has n't lost that curious way with which gods travel : a method that truncates distances , sidestepping conventional time . 
 houyi is subliminally aware she will forget the how of this soon , but for the moment she puts it to use and they are at the estate when morning dawns cool and clear . 
 perhaps tianmu and her husband have tired for the moment , and the dragons have gone to rest . 
 the brother 's home has survived , shaded under ancient trees too obstinate to wither and subsisting on a well hidden deep underground . 
 haggard but alive , servants and family both come to greet chang ' e and houyi . 
 the brother : `` back from heaven at last ? 
 it was good of you , to be so silent . 
 never sending word to ask how we fare . '' 
 but chang ' e 's mother , yunping , only embraces her with eyes gone wet and full . 
 she is bent ; houyi recalls the story of the ox and the goading . 
 introducing houyi is complicated . 
 her mode of dress is glanced at sideways by the brother , who scrutinizes with scowl and sneer . 
 his family -lrb- two wives , three sons , and an ignored girl named meijie : young , ox-horn hair buns -rrb- follows suit , some without any real conviction . 
 what the house 's master does it is best to copy . 
 `` my companion , '' chang ' e says coldly , `` is of heaven . '' 
 her brother 's outlook changes abruptly . 
 so does that of his sons , wives , and daughter . 
 `` great sage . '' 
 deep bows . 
 it suffices for the moment . 
 meijie pays attention , despite not having any paid to her , and is the first to notice houyi 's bow . 
 `` lady , '' she says one day , `` i hear things from ... that . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i do n't think bows are supposed to hiss and purr and bark . '' 
 said with the perfect certainty of the very young . 
 `` it 's not a fashion , no . '' 
 houyi watches meijie eye her knives . 
 `` these things fascinate you . '' 
 `` no they do n't . 
 they are boy things . 
 for my brothers . '' 
 a little belligerent meijie straightens . 
 `` you look silly . 
 you are silly . 
 big mother says so . '' 
 the archer cocks her head at the child . 
 `` would you like to learn how to use knives ? '' 
 `` i 'm not a boy . '' 
 `` neither am i. nor do i want to be one . '' 
 unable to reconcile this paradox the girl sticks her tongue out and runs away . 
 houyi contemplates the unfathomable minds of children and returns to the room she shares with her wife , to find chang ' e red-faced and trembling with rage . 
 `` my brother , '' she says when she 's regained her composure . 
 `` he wanted to know when you would bring him luck and coin and make shark fins magically appear on the dining table thrice a day . 
 you are only two more mouths to feed , he said . 
 how does he dare ? '' 
 `` technically he 's right . 
 i could hunt . 
 there would be meat , of the stringy and fatless sort . 
 as for sharks , i imagine they 're all dead . '' 
 the archer settles into her wife 's lap . 
 it 's a close fit and she has to hold her weight just so , but they 've had practice . 
 `` there 's more , though , is n't there ? '' 
 chang ' e crumples almost into her old self , the silent girl under tianmu 's charge . 
 `` he wants me to marry . 
 there 's a governor who -- the details are n't important , though my brother thinks he has a pet sorcerer of some sort , which is how he went through this unscathed . 
 stores upon stores of food . 
 if he was a rich man before he 's swimming in gold now . 
 and my brother had a portrait of me sent to him . 
 that 's all i 'm good for , all i ever was . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , chang ' e. for making you return to this . 
 i should n't have -- '' `` you 've already apologized . 
 five times . 
 ten ! 
 i told you it does n't matter . 
 i told you i will not bear heaven , or anything else , without you . '' 
 more quietly she says , `` this governor took four wives . 
 only one remains . 
 the other three died , supposedly by accidents or ... worse . 
 i do n't know . 
 the living one is striped , my mother says , from back to ankles . 
 always she weeps . 
 if he can not have me , he will take meijie , and my brother has already given his consent . 
 meijie , houyi , little meijie . 
 his own daughter . 
 she 's not even twelve . 
 she 's a long way from twelve . '' 
 `` where does he make his home ? '' 
 chang ' e looks at her wife sharply . 
 `` you are mortal now . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 they always lie close , breast to back . 
 tonight houyi keeps a small distance so that when she rises in the deep of the night she does n't wakechang ' e . 
 she takes her weapons and finds a few servants still up , and coaxes out of them the governor 's address . 
 they give it pale-faced , half in hope ; they think her much more than she is . 
 she can not correct them . 
 her strides are long and she does n't yet know fatigue . 
 the moon , half-full , lights her way . 
 the monster is a blot in the sky , crouching on the roof of the lord 's mansion , which curves around a lake brimming with sleek fish . 
 houyidoes not hesitate . 
 she lets fly as she always has , cleanly , precisely . 
 it might have heard the twitch of released tension , the letting go of bowstring . 
 it might have reached out and gripped the passing wind , and used that to turn her shot aside . 
 the fiend moves and the arrow penetrates not its eye but a spot between ear and horn . 
 cartilage parts , noiseless , into shivering shreds . 
 houyi shoots once more -- a shaft lodges in , and protrudes from , the beast 's throat -- and it is before her , closing the distance in loping bounds . 
 a knife in her hand , its point testing and triumphing against tender places : she twists and pulls , trailing gore and ligament from the inside of the demon 's elbow . 
 it shrieks in her face , a spume of sound and bile . 
 she turns aside , the blade again finding and plunging into the softest of its flesh . 
 blood warms her , filling her mouth with the aroma of coins , as it sinks teeth into her flank and wraps her close with the snake of its tail . 
 this is not new tohouyi : she 's fought , been wounded , carries scars . 
 it 's never made her heart stutter , nor slowed her down . 
 until this moment . 
 there is a third arrow , buried deep in the demon 's back . 
 it spasms alert , pausing in its chewing and savoring of houyi . 
 she drives the knife deep , and hard , into its stomach where she 's felt the beating of its heart . 
 her hand follows and grips the organ that gives it life . 
 `` do you know who i am ? '' 
 she whispers through lips flecked with devil ichor . 
 `` you do . 
 tell your master to ply his trade elsewhere , and tell his master to submit to a sage , live a life of piety and repentance . 
 make this happen , demon , or i shall travel to your realm and end not only you but your entire clan . '' 
 her fist tightens . 
 a burst of gore . 
 the fiend 's spirit leaps through its mouth in a green-black mist , speeding toward the governor 's estate.houyi finds herself , without meaning to , on her knees . 
 beneath her the broken earth is saturated crimson . 
 chang ' e comes , bow in hand , and presses herself against houyi as though by sheer determination she can staunch the blood and dull the pain . 
 `` i am , '' houyi murmurs , `` mortal now . '' 
 by the next hour she has begun to age . 
 * * * ascending mount kunlun , where virtue dwells , is simplicity itself to gods . 
 to mortals it is different , not journey but pilgrimage , to seek what they have not , to petition for what they believe is the desire of their hearts . 
 at the mount 's foot , a town has sprung up . 
 the home of chang ' e 's brother is months past , and the quiet disbelief of her mother likewise . 
 shouldering the weight of a bloodied , tornhouyi home , chang ' e stammered to her mother finally that they were not companions or -- what yunping wanted to think -- goddess and acolyte , but something else entirely different . 
 that there is a reason they share their room . 
 that their marriage , however distant now , was blessed by guanyinherself , and should n't that have been good enough ? 
 chang ' e desperately misses the indifference of paradise . 
 if their marriage was not celebrated , if tianmu found it disquieting , if the emperor had winced at its mention -- it was still preferable to this , this crushing grief she can not understand , the disappointment of her mother . 
 who will care for you in your old age ? 
 and she said , we will care for each other , mother , and my niece will burn houses and gold for us but it did no good . 
 a servant listening at the door : in that same night her brother screamed at themget out , no matter her pleading that her wife was wounded , near death . 
 is she not of heaven ? 
 little liar . 
 unnatural whore . 
 they beat houyi while chang ' e fought , costing one of his men an eye ; only byyunping 's begging was chang ' e spared . 
 when they were finally done they dragged houyi by the hair and flung her out . 
 all that is behind , but it is so raw and she can not ask houyi for comfort . 
 houyi who knows hunger and despair for the first time , who lay broken for so long , and ages months in a day . 
 the town itself is small , as yet nameless though many nicknames have been thought up and hung under eaves . 
 being where it is lets it prosper , profiting from aspirants hoping to scale mount kunlun and gain the attention of a sage , to become ones themselves . 
 being where it is makes it a target too : too many men , and not a few women , of the world believe that great deeds will raise them to ascendance , and what greater deeds than saving cities and villages from malicious beasts ? 
 vengeance-hounded they come to the bottom of kunlun , and vengeance-hounded they bring with them collections of teeth and talons , maws and mandibles like butcher-hooks . 
 sometimes the aspirants are adequate to meeting them . 
 sometimes they are wanting . 
 in the first week of their stay alone houyi has killed five threats . 
 a few , realizing who she is , keep their distance from the town -- a phenomenon that does n't go unnoticed by the barbers , hoteliers and traders . 
 they give the couple board , food , shoes . 
 a tailor brings them clothes : brocade gown and sash-pendants for chang ' e and , never asking why , men 's robes and trousers for houyi . 
 `` they adore you , '' chang ' e tells her wife as they attend a dinner cooked exquisitely by a widower living in the shop under their room . 
 soup thick with crab meat , soft bean curd in hot paste and diced shrimp , turnip cakes fried crisp and brown . 
 lavish , but the town is grateful . 
 `` i despise what i have become . '' 
 chang ' e 's breath hitches . 
 `` mortal ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 houyi gazes into the liquid red of her tea . 
 `` afraid . '' 
 she liberates the cup from houyi 's unresisting fingers , and takes the woman who was a god into her arms . 
 `` it does n't make you weak , houyi . 
 even gods are afraid . 
 do you remember the looks on their faces when the suns rose ? 
 they were deathly frightened , even the emperor . '' 
 `` he was born mortal . '' 
 `` i am mortal . 
 i 've always been . 
 if i 've learned anything in so short a life it is that fear keeps you alive and coaches you to survive . 
 you are still houyi the archer and you save people , and you are the woman i love without limits or conditions . '' 
 houyi lowers her head to the crook of chang ' e 's neck , pressing her mouth to her wife 's skin : acknowledges the transience of the beating pulse that reflects her own . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she has not said why it is that they have come to this town and chang ' e was too relieved to escape her brother 's to ask : any destination would have done , so long as it was away . 
 but now there is a box , which houyi unearths from the untidy collection that is her belongings : the lid is ivory , carved into a likeness ofhouyi 's house . 
 she opens it -- there is no lock save the trust that lies between wives -- and lays down the feathers , sleek and black , warm and huge . 
 on each is calligraphy so atrocious it can only have been written with talon-tips . 
 the sun-crow , last of his kind , must have balanced himself precariously : two legs for his weight , the third dripping ink and poised over his own feathers spread out like manuscript pages . 
 the first reads , we both grieve . 
 the second reads , more confidently , it was for love that we rose . 
 our father said , in passing only , that he would like to see his sons in their utterness subsuming the sky . 
 he thought us our mother 's but never his -- and what belongs to dijun must be dijun 's alone : you will have become wise of this , we 've watched you turn by turn . 
 none of us wished to forsake our mother , but we were hungry , so hungry , for his affection . 
 it 's the nature of crows to be greedy . 
 so on that day we decided , what harm could it do ? 
 we pulled one another , for without mother 's chariot the ascent is difficult , and thought we would present ourselves as our father wanted . 
 a moment . 
 it would not hurt anyone . 
 but it was bright and sweet , and made us drunk . 
 to burn together ! 
 as never before , and never again . 
 we did not think . 
 that is why we did not listen when you called to us until our eldest brother died , and then what was there to do but fight , in grief , in fury ? 
 death was a stranger , to us , to me . 
 to my mother too . 
 she 's never lost , in her absoluteness , her self-contained grace . 
 the final one is small , half the size of a hand , and says only , i do not ask forgiveness , as you have asked for none . 
 some things are beyond forgiving and absolving . 
 `` we must bring this to his majesty , '' chang ' e says , though she has n't the remotest idea how . 
 mortals do not petition the celestial monarch , not directly , and who would sponsor houyi ? 
 not the final sun-crow . 
 `` how did these come to you ? '' 
 `` falling from the sky at dusk , one by one . 
 i 'd have shown them to you , but i wanted to be sure . 
 to have the entire tale . '' 
 houyi puts them back and shuts the box . 
 `` i 've done enough harm to them . 
 to take this to his majesty will press him to punish the crow . 
 but knowing , for a certainty now , that dijun did as he did -- it is not right , it is not just . '' 
 `` it never was , houyi . 
 there must be an authority to which you can appeal . '' 
 `` i mean to ascend kunlun . 
 xiwangmu rules there and she has ... treasures . 
 i do n't think she will send us back to heaven , but she may grant us life everlasting . '' 
 chang ' e 's pulse leaps . 
 she can not lie to herself that immortality is a luxury she 's never coveted but , `` she will not give it freely . '' 
 `` we will earn it . 
 or i shall . 
 you do n't have to . 
 we would n't be here in the first place if i had n't been -- '' `` ridiculous but heartbreakingly earnest . 
 why else would i have consented to be yours ? 
 i will come with you , and we will do this together . '' 
 chang ' e brushes houyi 's eyelid , lips to lashes , and does not tell her that back in heaven this plagued her : the gulf between them , the eternity that would be houyi 's by right and hers never . 
 `` i will not say no to forever by your side , wandering and witnessing the world . 
 only make me one promise . '' 
 `` i would promise you anything . '' 
 `` when we have obtained this miracle , we find dijun and settle the score . '' 
 houyi 's smile , which has become rarer than opals , is like the dawn . 
 `` you are not frightened of confronting the father of suns ? '' 
 `` you were not frightened of refusing him . 
 in all the heavens , and all the earth , there 's no woman braver than you . '' 
 they share a laugh , and share a meal , and taste the desserts on the tips of each other 's tongue . 
 the paths to the summit of kunlun are many , and a hundred times again as many maps chart the ways . 
 in that little town the maps are sold , scrolls plain and gilded , striated like elephant hide and utter white , held in bamboo and silver tubes . 
 adventurous entrepreneurs extend the reach of their commerce through kunlun 's roads , peddling liquor and glutinous rice , dried fruits and hundred-year eggs . 
 not a few used to be aspirants but , either in failure or realization , find fulfillment instead through the exchange of coins , in the trade of tales , and the wistful watching of others climbing the mount as they used to do . 
 there are rivers of fire , waterfalls of blades , and half-seen moths which sip breath and life from the ears of sleeping travelers . 
 kunlun , even a glimpse , must be purchased by torn flesh and shattered teeth , and blood like black pearls glinting in the night . 
 houyi and chang ' e guard one another as flesh guards bone , burning tallow to lure and scorch the moths . 
 when they fell a monster of hard hide they skin it , and sew it into armor against waterfalls . 
 in deep pits they find aspirant carcasses , faces papered in yellow talismans , leaping futilely in death to an escape just out of reach . 
 houyi lights a torch and frees them from flesh and memory . 
 chang ' e salvages their bones , fire-toughened , to fashion into raft and pole with which to cross the rivers that rise and ebb without rhythm or warning . 
 it makes them sharp , kunlun ; it is feral , for all its proximity to the virtuous court , and lessons them in wildness . 
 a world is born between them where only they exist -- chang ' e and houyi , houyi and chang ' e. traders that they meet at all , for they avoid the mapped and trodden roads , are irrelevant . 
 sometimes conveniences , other times momentary irritants . 
 every few days one of them would have to remind her wife , we seekxiwangmu and her treasures , which are said to confer unending life . 
 the air thins to needlepoints in their lungs and the rivers turn to rime . 
 it is difficult to breathe , but the stairway that leads to the home ofxiwangmu shimmers in the distance : reachable , if only just . 
 out of an unspoken agreement they stop to gaze upon it , long and long , for thoughxiwangmu 's house is not quite heaven , neither is it of mortals . 
 and what will it be like to taste that air again , sleep under that sky , which looms beyond the one that men and women of the earth see , that roof of the world ? 
 making their way upward they fast , subsisting on bitter ice-water and each other 's heat : to gain entry to xiwangmu 's home necessitates purification . 
 memories of rich warm food wear down until they are as thin and colorless as the cracked brittle road beneath their feet . 
 they hold onto one another , charm against forgetting and hunger . 
 hand in hand they whisper the other 's name . 
 they do not rest . 
 only the winds remain , and their hair crusted in frost whipping in the snow . 
 it is a lifetime , to mount the steps which are steep as walls and half again as tall . 
 they cut apart monster hide and with it wrap their hands , their feet ; even so each foothold and handhold draws blood , and the steps hoard every drop . 
 chill pulls at their eyes , draws tears that freeze on their cheeks as fast as they bead . 
 when they crest the topmost , the final step , the sky has changed and it is autumn . 
 they are sinew , then , and bone : pushed and pulled by will , held up by the strength of one another 's arms . 
 xiwangmu waits for them on the steps of her house , which is only a house , no larger than the needs of a woman content with her own company . 
 her fingertips are stained brown with soil ; across her lap is a broom , its bristles tangled in twigs and leaves , moth wings and spider webs . 
 she wears no regalia , no finery . 
 heaven 's empress could have been the wife of a merchant or a reclusive scholar . 
 `` i know why you have come , '' she says , `` but that will wait . 
 inside : you will want something hot and balanced , and full of colors . '' 
 there is no meat at xiwangmu 's table , but it little matters . 
 chang ' e and houyi eat with the delicacy of those too long famished , without appetite , in bites they do not taste and sips they do not feel : hunger has infiltrated their arteries and it is easier to tolerate than to outright cure . 
 if there are parameters and rules to what they should and should not touch , they are not told . 
 when their hunger , conditioned into briefness by fasting , is sated the empress gives them steamed cakes dusted with sesame and studded in dried lychee . 
 she offers tangerines in red papers that tell them it is the new year . 
 sweetness goes down easier . 
 `` i know why you have come , '' xiwangmu repeats , `` and i am willing to grant that which you desire , for it was taken from one of youunrightly . '' 
 `` it was never mine , '' chang ' e says , and wishes she had not . 
 `` you have equally earned the way : i will not grant it to one and deny the other . 
 in return i ask for one favor . 
 a mortal woman who served me passed and left in her wake an orphan son , fengmeng . 
 i would do her a good turn . 
 teach him the bow . '' 
 the archer flexes her fingers , surprised to find them supple again so soon , stair-cuts turned to scars . 
 the food was more than food , and the sweets more than a magic of fruit and flour . 
 beside her chang ' e grows quiet . 
 `` i have only ever taught my wife , majesty . 
 it seems trivial , that is true , and more than a fair exchange , but -- '' `` it is a favor , not a requirement . '' 
 xiwangmu draws from her sleeve a casket no larger than her hand , and places it before the couple . 
 `` within this is a single pill , the last of its kind . 
 in its entirety it will tender divinity , if not acceptance at my husband 's palace , and deny death . 
 take half each and it will suspend : though it wo n't heal flesh already broken , it will give you eternity side by side . '' 
 houyi 's hand hesitates over the casket . 
 `` majesty . '' 
 `` your loss of immortality came of your own doing , houyi , of your arrogance . 
 but you are only a child and making mistakes is what children do . 
 my husband never interrogated dijun , and that 's a galling lack of foresight . 
 take the pill , but delay its swallowing . 
 it 's been made in a certain way , not meant for unpurified mortals , and it will take six turns of the moon breathing kunlun before you are immune to its venom . '' 
 knowing exactly how acute her wife 's sense of duty can be , chang ' e makes herself speak . 
 `` is there nothing i can offer , majesty ? '' 
 `` were you not already a wife , and were i my husband , i would have demanded that you allowed fengmeng to court you . '' 
 xiwangmu ruffleschang ' e 's hair . 
 `` you are a good child . 
 once you have gained your wish , find your mother and tell her you are well . 
 that you are happy . 
 whatever she might have felt at your marriage , it is the terror of all mothers to think their children dead . '' 
 inevitably houyi agrees to train fengmeng : the archer finds herself unable to accept xiwangmu 's gift for nothing . 
 he is a child of kunlun , reserved and straining to look wise , and ought to have been taken as someone 's apprentice . 
 the empress chooses otherwise . 
 he must prove himself , like any other , and he can not do that without being sent into the world to live . 
 `` so many ascendants are too young , '' xiwangmu tellschang ' e , `` and i do not mean their years . '' 
 the archer is not a lenient mentor . 
 she forces fengmeng away from the summit and makes him practice on the banks of burning rivers , tells him to aim at the leaping dead , pits him against ancient monsters . 
 xiwangmu has granted houyi a seal with her name upon it , which lets the archer return to the empress ' house in a single step . 
 but in the first week she informs fengmeng he must climb the stairway , as though a petitioner . 
 if xiwangmu thinks this harsh she does not remark upon it . 
 fengmeng clenches his jaw and does as he is bidden . 
 chang ' e wheedles xiwangmu into letting her pass onto girl petitioners what she 's gained from her own living and what she 's gained fromhouyi . 
 difficult at first , for she 's little older than her pupils , even younger than some . 
 understanding is established slowly , respect slower , and eventually a connection emerges . 
 not quite the prescribed one of mistress and students , but no less true for that . 
 it occupies her and makes her happier , though she still paces the confines of the room xiwangmu has given them , and stands at the edge of kunlun 's summit to watch for her wife 's return . 
 it is so easy to wait , an old habit of hers , from childhood to near-bride to serving tianmu : and she remembers too how her brothers were the ones sent out to learn letters and make things , to apprentice and seize more than they were born with , while she waited to marry . 
 waiting , her mother educated her , is a woman 's lot . 
 waiting for a groom , waiting for a husband , waiting for a child to be born . 
 it is the first thing she tells her aspirants : you do not have to wait . 
 do what you must if they are necessary to keep your mothers or sisters warm and fed , but do not wait for luck or unluck to come to you . 
 the second is : if , when , you ascend seek out xiangu , guanyin , tianmu . 
 there is protection , of a sort , and you may find it easier to be . 
 she observes fengmeng , too , and what she sees indents her brow into a frown . 
 `` he is obsessed with your teaching , '' she remarks as they undress for the night . 
 climbing kunlun they have had to swathe themselves in layers of fabric , hide , worse ; they have sorely missed heat sealed between the curves of their bodies , the immediacy of bare skin . 
 `` that is a surprise , seeing that he nearly dies to it every other day . '' 
 houyi , almost nude , hangs up her knives on the wall next to her bow . 
 she has been cleaning the weapons while waiting for her hair to dry and , though it is routine , the sight of near-naked houyi and unsheathed blades always excites chang ' e . 
 she has never been able to tell if houyi does it on purpose . 
 `` he worships you , more than a little . 
 the way he speaks , or does n't speak rather , around you . 
 how he looks at you hold your bow . 
 i think you 're the first woman he 's gotten close to . '' 
 the archer makes a contemplative noise deep in her throat and , settling on her haunches , frames chang ' e 's face with her hands , which are callused , bas-reliefs of hunts in the pads of thumbs and joints . 
 `` am i doing something wrong ? '' 
 that surprises chang ' e into a rueful grin . 
 `` i think i am only being jealous of your hours and i do n't much like the boy . '' 
 `` fengmeng 's harmless . 
 there are six months to put him into some kind of shape , and i want to be done with it within that span , no more . 
 when xiwangmu 's gift is safe we can both take it and leave him to his own devices . '' 
 houyi climbs into the curtained bed . 
 `` i am grateful to her , but not that grateful . 
 there 's such a life ahead of us and i 'm impatient to meet it . 
 but ... before we get to that , do you want to go hunting ? '' 
 `` right now the only prey i want is you . 
 tomorrow ? 
 yes , hunting will do . '' 
 when chang ' e is not with her aspirants , then , she would be with houyi keeping the wild beasts of kunlun in check : they have a habit of proliferating beyond the quantity required to test those climbing the mountain . 
 fengmeng turns more withdrawn when he sees them ranging together ; neither woman pays him heed . 
 nearly half a year passes before a new petitioner arrives , bloodied , with a letter for chang ' e . 
 it is from meijie and tells them that winter has been harsh on yunping , and meijie 's father is unwilling to send for a physician . 
 the girl vows , in an unsure childish hand , that she will do what she can ; she 's learned her letters , and enlisted the passing warrior to deliver this . 
 she hopes that her aunt will be proud of her . 
 a week remains before the moon turns . 
 `` i can go ahead , '' chang ' e says , worrying at the cheap paper with her nails . 
 houyi shakes her head . 
 `` we will go together . '' 
 they pay their respects , chang ' e making farewells to aspirants who hold her hands and tell her they will practice her advice . 
 she promises to return to kunlun when she is immortal , and the way forward and backward simpler for her to tread . 
 for now she has houyi , and a world to cup in her palms . 
 `` when i am here next , '' she tells her students , `` i will have more to impart . 
 i will be less foolish . '' 
 -lrb- as they depart fengmeng tries to speak around the silence that sits in his mouth like a pebble , but they are gone before he is able to conquer it . -rrb- 
 xiwangmu 's seal in hand , they are at the town at the foot of kunlun in one step . 
 it is deserted . 
 lantern light pools on the streets and ripples as they pass . 
 in each shop chairs are empty , even though the shelves are as amply stocked as they ever were . 
 at a teahouse the tables are set , bowls and chopsticks , soup-spoons and condiment jars . 
 but the kitchen is silent , the chopping boards clean on their hooks . 
 they enter the widower 's shop , and find it too empty -- would have walked on , if houyi has n't heard the small noise they both recognize for hitched sobs muffled behind knuckles . 
 when the archer uncovers her the girl screams , squeezing herself into the crevice that 's allowed her to hide between armoires , flailing and kicking as houyi brings her out and chang ' e tries to soothe . 
 neither of them knows much about children , but by and by the girl realizes that the two are not demons . 
 for it is demons , she tells them in a fractured tale pieced from glass sounds and shadow glimpses , that have emptied the houses . 
 her father , her aunts , her friends . 
 everything has been going wrong since the archer left . 
 houyi examines the girl , closely , with a scrutiny that makes her burst into tears . 
 `` you are not one of them , '' she says , at length . 
 the disguises of children and maidens are the favorites of fiends and she has no intent of falling into such a trap . 
 `` will you wait here ? 
 my wife and i will look for survivors . '' 
 but when chang ' e makes to leave the girl starts shrieking , clinging to her , brooking no attempts at disentanglement . 
 the archer sighs and puts down their belongings . 
 `` i will be back quickly . '' 
 when the archer has gone the child quiets down by degrees . 
 chang ' e makes nonsense noises , one hand stroking the girl 's matted hair and the other clenched tight around the knife houyi made for her . 
 she tries very hard not to feel afraid . 
 she is n't able to tell , exactly , when the unease begins . 
 a lengthening of a shadow ? 
 a chill in the air that does not belong ? 
 a shape on the wall , horned bull head and serpent tail . 
 in a moment it is silhouette ; in another it has bled through , tar ooze , and chang ' eremembers the first time she let fly at a beast without houyi 's hands over her own . 
 the first time houyi bled , and feared . 
 its grin is a wound , yellow mortification under a snout the color of rust . 
 `` you have been slain before , '' chang ' e says , and through will made fierce by kunlun 's wildness , does not tremble . 
 `` i do not fear you . '' 
 its tail hisses derision , a soft wet sound of rotten meat parting . 
 `` do you remember what houyi the archer said ? 
 she will destroy you and all you love . '' 
 houyi the archer is human . 
 as are you . 
 it comes for her , a blur smearing across her vision . 
 if she is n't as fleet as houyi or as strong , still she has been tutored by the best . 
 she dodges , and weaves , and draws it out of the house . 
 outside houyi will hear ; in the chilly night houyi will come . 
 she is still thinking that when the monster 's broodmates , shadows given flesh , tear into her . 
 houyi will hear . 
 she is still thinking that when they pin her down , drawing blood-threads out of her skin as though for spooling and weaving , flaying and separating her flesh into strips as though for drying and preserving . 
 houyi will come . 
 and houyi does come , when she can no longer see . 
 but chang ' e hears a wail high and long : only that is not possible . 
 houyi does not make a sound like that , collected and graceful houyi , who is always dignified and impervious even in deep pain , in deep grief . 
 so it can not be houyi 's tears that burn chang ' e 's peeled nerves . 
 it can not be houyi 's mouth which lets loose such cries . 
 fingertips pry at her lips . 
 something small is slid through . 
 awareness takes chang ' e like dry land takes a fish . 
 xiwangmu 's gift fills her , past capacity , past possibility . 
 in her stomach it takes root , in her throat it blooms , and in her mouth it silences her scream . 
 the sky rushes toward her , and she is certain that the pill has n't lost its poison after all -- that this is death , not apotheosis : and she is at peace with that , for divinity alone , divinity thieved , is nothing at all . 
 she will die without having stolen immortality from houyi , and that will be enough . 
 there are stars in her mouth , and night in her bones . 
 * * * the moon is a mirror that swallows the sun-crow 's light , and gives it back -- a miser 's jealousy -- pale and drained in the night . 
 chang ' e does n't weep . 
 she is past that , and in any case it is so cold that shedding tears hurts ; it wrings too much out of her , heat and memories . 
 tirelessly she has walked its streets , for she is a god now and has transcended the limits of humanity -- but though she has traced the paths , finding new ones and twists and turns she never saw before in those familiar , she can not find a way out . 
 she locates the moon 's edge and unthinking steps over to find herself back at the center . 
 but she persists . 
 once , during one of her explorations , she hears a voice like music and dijun is there , seated on a carved stone bench . 
 i have gone to houyiand asked her , one last time , for her hand . 
 she said no . 
 but you -- i can bring you to her , and for love of you she will consent . 
 as my wife she 'll regain divinity , and you will both find i am not without mercy . 
 you will see one another , at times of my choosing . 
 do you not desire this , girl ? 
 chang ' e refuses with a knife that opens the sun-father 's cheek . 
 his bone shines gold , and his blood gushes fire . 
 the rabbit tries to warm her as she navigates the city , telling her stories . 
 it loves her desperately but it is small , and it is not houyi . 
 accepting that , it tells her of a room with many windows , each panel painted black as in the court of xuanwu . 
 each overlooks a different view , depending on the room 's whims and sometimes cruelty . 
 of the latter it warns : please , please be careful . 
 she does not take caution . 
 it is something . 
 it is , by far , superior to nothing . 
 xiwangmu 's pill filled her with such lightness that she went up and up , until the moon caught her , and she woke . 
 all her wounds were gone , save one . 
 existence without houyi is an injury that festers deeper than apotheosis may overturn . 
 the moon is a labyrinth , its craggy mountains holding houses that have never been habited , palaces with empty thrones , stone gardens where black waters slosh in basins and ghost swans drift through the air . 
 through paths paved with calcified eyes the rabbit leads her , up and into a palace where lanterns are tasseled with peacock ligaments and feathers : and is that not a shadow of houyi 's home , the one in paradise , which feels like many lives ago ? 
 please be careful . 
 it will not amuse you , the sights . 
 the city loves to deepen hurts . 
 to kill without killing , if it may . 
 she opens one window and sees sunlight . 
 houyi sits in a workshop full of canvas and cut bamboo surrounding her like pieces of a beast she 's slain and disassembled to craft into furniture and weapons . 
 the bamboo ribs suggest the beginning of wings , or perhaps an immense sky lantern . 
 her lips move , though chang ' e hears only silence and she aches -- it hurts , to see without hearing , to see without touching . 
 but at least she sees . 
 chang ' e requires no sleep , and not much food , now . 
 she holds the rabbit in her lap , and watches as the sky lantern inflates . 
 it floats high into the night , and houyi gazes after it until it is long out of sight . 
 the archer climbs a mount greater and higher than kunlun , and there lays the foundations of a tower . 
 it is built up , and up , but in the end it can bear only so much . 
 not quite collapsing but listing , and it is not anywhere near high enough . 
 she finds chang ' e 's mother in the capital and tells her , in words chang ' e reads from the parting and shutting of her mouth , your daughter is a goddess now . 
 yunping does not find any joy in this . 
 she seems so much older , and doubly stooped , having survived but never recovered from that winter.chang ' e can not remember how long it has been since their leave-taking of her brother 's house . 
 there are lines in houyi 's face , too , clustering thick at the corners of lips and eyes . 
 the archer asks after meijie , and learns that it is now the girl who provides both for her mother and grandmother , a scholar of some means . 
 if she does n't do as well as her male peers , she does well enough . 
 the governor has been removed from his post , ensconced in a temple , white-haired and drifting toward a lonely deathbed . 
 chang ' e sees the kunlun aspirants , some ascended now , others still seeking entry to heaven . 
 each does this in her own way , some by marrying a sage , others by the skin of their teeth . 
 for none of them is the path simple or quick . 
 between this , houyi is joined by fengmeng . 
 she regards him distantly , him existing only at the furthest periphery of her vision and awareness -- but her at the center of his . 
 chang ' e can see it in his eyes , the same franticness with which the rabbit adores her but more dangerous , edged by humanity . 
 by years spent out of kunlun , perhaps , and he beats his fists against the earth crying why ca n't i best you ? 
 while houyi stands aside , her bow clasped loosely . 
 his he has snapped to halves then segments . 
 later : why do you want to best me ? 
 fengmeng holds himself small as though to protect his heart . 
 to be worthy of having been your disciple ; to be worthy of heaven -- i can not be lesser . 
 not to you . 
 that is not how the proving of worth functions ; you want to be better than i am specifically , and that means nothing at all . 
 his glance at her face , furtive . 
 you trained chang ' e. my wife was the best that i ever taught . 
 none compares . 
 without her i would n't have overcome kunlun 's trials . 
 fengmeng 's hands have turned to fists . 
 what if i 'd met you before she did ? 
 another might have laughed , but chang ' e knows houyi has always been too kind . 
 it would have been no different . 
 there 's no place for you ; there never was . 
 why do you persist ? 
 i 'm long done with suitors of any sort , and done with the obfuscations i fed them . 
 they tired me when i was young . 
 doubly now they exhaust me . 
 are you not afraid of being alone ? 
 solitude may be borne , with some patience . 
 but she looks up at the sky where the sun-crow flies ; where at night the moon would rise and she would glimpse the pits and etchings and , rarely , a woman 's shadow . 
 the last window opens to houyi in a valley , surrounded on all sides by men gaunt with starvation , and fengmeng in their midst whispering to them . 
 she is of heaven ; her liver , her hair -- any piece of her will bring fortune and prosperity . 
 it is an easy lie to believe for desperate men . 
 she grips her knives without tension , without fear ; she was a protector god , forbidden once to harm humans , but she is n't that anymore . 
 she kills them with the sure knowledge that it is a slaughter , that none of them is a match for her . 
 when it is down to just fengmeng , who holds yet another bow having misshot again and again , who snivels on his knees begging for absolution -- when it is down to him she only turns away , and tells him that he 's learned nothing from her instructions . 
 for xiwangmu 's sake i spare you . 
 nothing more . 
 of forgiveness she offers none . 
 the next time , the ambush is an army , amplified by the blood she spilled the first and second and third occasions . 
 she is monster to their heroes , a god gone wrong , come down to earth to wreak ruin . 
 and again there is fengmeng with his lies , eliding always his own part , his unclean jealousy . 
 she seeks godhood and toward that she has boiled young men in a great cauldron -- from their blood , an elixir that 'll grant endless life . 
 your brothers , your sons . 
 this time there is n't enough of houyi , and too many of them . 
 this time fengmeng does not miss , and when she falters for a moment between knife-slashes he takes aim . 
 he weeps as he loosens the bowstring . 
 but even wracked by sobs and sickness and rage he does not miss . 
 he did , after all , learn from the best . 
 chang ' e boards the windows shut , one by one , and then the door . 
 she no longer seeks to escape the city . 
 * * * hell is red and black , and red and black , enough light to see yourself -- what you have become -- and the wounds the demons inflict upon you , with spears and thorn-trees , and long luxurious oil-baths in boiling brass cauldrons . 
 for houyi it is an arrow-shaft protruding from her breast , it is tears and gashes in her skin , and bruises where they beat her until her heart stopped . 
 she examines the shaft . 
 she pulls it out slowly . 
 there is pain ; in this place there is nothing but . 
 enough to make her retch , though the archer does not . 
 within herself it is control that she values second after memories of her wife . 
 when the demons come , she is ready . 
 in her hand is only an arrow , stained in her own blood and fengmeng 's sweat , but she remembers a knife and that is what it feels like , weighs like . 
 even in this light she is used to the finesse of cutting and tearing , and with the same precision she shoots she drives the knife into gaps between armor ; she inserts its tip into eye sockets , and cuts off ears -- horse ears , swine ears -- with abattoir ease . 
 they give pause . 
 `` i will go willingly , '' she says to the soldiers of hell , who know who she is , who have lost kith and kin to her methodical massacres , `` if you can show me that my name is on the registry of the dead . '' 
 the one among them not armed , a capped and robed bureaucrat with a seahorse 's face , consults his scroll . 
 on it unspools , collecting andpuddling until it is up to the bureaucrat 's waist ; when it has reached his shoulders he at last concedes houyi 's name is not to be found . 
 still she must be placed , named and posited in the hierarchy of hell , and so they bring her to one of the high magistrates : a giant encased in bronze . 
 his face is a mask , twisted into a deep scowl . 
 he asks , `` father ? '' 
 `` my origins must be known to you . 
 i have none . '' 
 ignoring her he goes on , `` mother ? 
 sister ? 
 husband ? '' 
 thrice she says no ; again she tells him that she was born of no parent , made only by the particular wants of heaven . 
 wants that seem to have expired , but nevertheless . 
 in the end she is sent to the old woman of forgetting . 
 for expediency meng makes her house by the gate under which all dead must pass . 
 its doors are always open , for hourly there are hundreds of men and women deceased who must be processed and made to drink meng 's mixture . 
 some unwilling , but most embrace it and cradle the little cups she hands out as though it is salvation . 
 meng receives houyi privately , in a room full of earthenware and somnambulant lizards . 
 when the archer has seated herself she is offered a cup . 
 it is dainty , this cup , and no color at all -- though its sheen reflects her face in rainbows , and behind her she can see the moon racing by . 
 she looks up and gazes into meng 's age-soft face . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` it can buy you grace . 
 you may start again a child . 
 with parents and kin , and a life unwinding before you . '' 
 `` chang ' e is not part of this cycle . 
 i 'll only make her grieve , watching from where she is knowing that i 've discarded memories of her . 
 it would be selfish . '' 
 meng withdraws the cup . 
 `` what will you do then ? '' 
 `` wait . '' 
 the archer fingers the arrow that is also a knife . 
 `` watch . '' 
 she sits by as the dead file through meng 's parlor , sipping slow or gulping greedy . 
 houyi thinks she sees her wife 's mother among them once , but it is difficult to be sure . 
 in the moment before they pass the gate a few become whole again , young again , and then are gone . 
 houyi is a mindful guest . 
 she helps with the brewing and distilling , though she 's careful never to inhale when steam bursts from beneath lids and wafts up in fragrant clouds . 
 she also does the windows over so they would be draft - and fire-proof ; meng chuckles to see this , and asks what it is with her obsession with carpentry when first she was born with a bow . 
 `` it keeps me useful , '' the archer answers . 
 `` it keeps my mind turning , my fingers nimble . '' 
 it is when she is climbing up to patch meng 's roof that the dragons come . 
 they pull a chariot , and upon the chariot are the mother of suns and her last child . 
 if the demons give houyi wide berth xihe sends them outright scurrying , for she blazes and singes , and those who are so used to roasting souls like little to be roasted in turn . 
 houyi is off the roof and on the ground even before xihe 's eyes fall on her . 
 `` archer , '' the goddess says as she steps out of her chariot . 
 `` despite your new home you do n't seem especially tortured . '' 
 houyi does not speak of her mortal decades . 
 `` i 'm sorry that i did not speak to you before . 
 none dared approach you , and i could not myself reach so high . '' 
 `` i 'm not here for your excuses . 
 you seem adrift , archer , and in want of a new duty . 
 so i 've come to bring you to that . '' 
 the archer gives her host thanks , promising to return and finish her work with the roof . 
 meng does not ask if this is what she 's been waiting for , and houyi does not offer to explain . 
 houyi touches the chariot ; pulls her hand away from its metal to find blisters on her fingers . 
 `` it burns . '' 
 `` this was made for me , and drank in the fire of myself and my sons . 
 you will absorb some , until the heat lives in your gums and your lungs , until you can illuminate a day mandated to be wan . '' 
 xihe does not smile ; her anger is beyond malice . 
 `` but it will always burn . 
 remember this , archer . 
 each dawn will hurt . 
 this is punishment , not exaltation . '' 
 `` i do not fault you , lady . '' 
 `` do not mistake me : i care little for dijun 's faithlessness . 
 we are barely spouses . 
 i do not despise you out of puerile jealousy . 
 it is the murder of my sons that i can not forgive ; it is for that you have been sentenced . '' 
 `` what i did is beyond forgiving . '' 
 houyi touches the reins gingerly . 
 it leaves a ruby welt on the heel of her palm . 
 `` but i would ask for a boon . '' 
 xihe looks at her , as though from a great height . 
 `` why do you believe you deserve one , much less that i 'd grant it ? '' 
 `` it is not much . '' 
 the archer bows low , her humility an offering , lower than she ever bowed to the emperor . 
 it is obeisance ; it is a suspension of pride . 
 `` and i believe you might do , in recognition that we were all injured by the same blow . '' 
 the goddess ' mouth twists . 
 `` dijun keeps a scar from your wife 's hand . 
 the first , for one so vain . 
 he never understood why i forsook him , why the children are not his . 
 it is a simple point . 
 my sons could have spoken to me . 
 asked . 
 i might have found them a safe way . 
 i knew , i always knew , how tedious they found it to spend nine days out of every ten on fusang . 
 how they loved to be together . '' 
 the one surviving son hides his face in the shadow of vast wings . 
 he has grown thin and tattered in grief and singularity , in bleeding his light and heat , in rising alone and resting alone on fusang 's empty branches . 
 his wings droop , eyes like obsidian gone to dull stone , dry as baked prunes . 
 `` i could have come and spoken to you . 
 i did not . 
 of such silences are misfortunes built , i 've learned , not fate or any decree greater than us . '' 
 `` ah , '' xihe murmurs . 
 her eyes remain hard . 
 `` i will not forgive you . 
 understand this . 
 i will never forgive you . '' 
 `` yes , '' houyi says , and keeps her gaze trained on the dragons xihe has tamed for her chariot . 
 one rolls a limpid eye toward her , cautious , whiskers quivering . 
 `` what is it that you want then ? 
 that you can not grasp for yourself despite your conceit ? '' 
 she tells xihe . 
 * * * the moon is brittle spite and envy , and if it ever was a bird the memory of wings and flight is long past . 
 the paths to it are hard , from it harder still . 
 it is why those not quite of heaven , the chastised and the exiled like chang ' e , are sent here . 
 but the moon is hungry . 
 it lusts for warmth , which slides past as though its jagged cliffs and mountains are sieves , and in that rare moment when the sun-crow comes near the moon lowers its guard . 
 it drowses and basks , opening itself , a plea written across its barren city . 
 the lanterns come alive all together , flickering into characters , tentative greetings . 
 chang ' e stands in one of the high courtyards . 
 the rabbit curls in her arms , rejoicing that she -- almost -- smiles as chariot , dragons and crow pass overhead . 
 from this distance the goddess ' figure is invisible . 
 this time the chariot pauses and lowers . 
 city shadows cavort wild , unused to this abrupt change in light and temperature . 
 the swans flee into ponds and lakes , some part of them recalling a day long ago where ten suns convened . 
 houyi lands , lightly , on her feet . 
 she climbs the path spiraling up to chang ' e in quick , long strides . 
 there are tears in her eyes , the sun 's radiance on her skin . 
 `` oh , '' chang ' e whispers , and , `` oh , why are you crying ? '' 
 said even though she , too , gasps and her words are leaving her like broken glass . 
 when they embrace their cheeks are wet , salt-smeared and fever-warm . 
 they touch and touch again to make certain the other exists . 
 if they are seen , if they are watched , they do not care . 
 houyi may not stay ; her new duty tugs at her as hell tugs at the newly dead . 
 but they have time to kiss , and love , and make each other laugh . 
 chang ' e holds to her tight when it is time for houyi to return to the chariot . 
 `` for now it will do , '' she tells houyi , `` but you must come back soon . 
 and write . '' 
 the archer promises . 
 `` always . '' 
 on that night , the moon shines at its brightest : and mortals below see in that an auspice for newness and wonder , to be celebrated in rich cakes and lantern lights each night houyi brings the chariot and finds her wife . 
 when they part , they do knowing that they will see one another again : a year to them is as short as an hour . 
 and maybe , someday , they will find a path easier to travel , a freedom for chang ' e to come and go as she pleases . 
 they plan for that , long days in sunlit grass and lotus seeds in syrup . 
 nothing is beyond reach when they have come so far , and they are not afraid . 
 chang ' e dashes from the moon 1 . 
 there 's a lady on the moon and she has a rabbit ; at mid-autumn we have mooncakes when her husband visits . 
 long ago the moon grew a city on its skin like nacreous shell around a pearl , and in this barren city lives a goddess who was once a girl . 
 the goddess counts the years , at the beginning . 
 she folds gold paper and silver paper at the proper months , and burns them for her mother . 
 she makes houses of glassy yellow windows and pale walls , double-storeyed , and burns those so that her mother will have a comfortable residence in her passage through death . 
 she makes animals , companions , furniture . 
 when she begins counting in decades instead of years she starts burning offerings for her niece . 
 it is the wrong way around ; she is the elder , and she should be the one waiting beyond for her niece 's sendings . 
 but she is immortal , and her family is not . 
 after the first century she burns offerings for her mother , her niece , and her niece 's children . 
 who knows what descendants do now , whether they remember their duty ? 
 so she takes it upon herself , just to be safe . 
 she watches the houses in the mortal realms change and lengthen , until they become towers which pierce the clouds , until their cities are thick and thronged and she ca n't imagine locating her kin anymore in the million-millions that overwhelm the streets . 
 sometimes her name slips away from her . 
 in defiance she etches into the soft stone of the lunar city , i am chang ` e , and i have a wife whom every night i long to meet . 
 her chiseling erases itself before an hour finishes . 
 the walls are high to fill her sight . 
 the houses are huge to make her small . 
 in moments where she can rouse herself from lassitude , chang ' e indulges in fury . 
 though her mortal life she learned much , the knife and the bow . 
 cut though she might , the moon does not bleed . 
 she loosens flaming arrows into the dark , but the moon does not burn . 
 there are moments when , stepping through a garden gate or passing through a door , she glimpses a world under sunlight . 
 it does not last . 
 often she watches the rabbit toil at its mortar . 
 it makes no mention of leaving ; this it seems to consider its rightful place . 
 but it is the closest she has to a friend . 
 `` does the moon think ? '' 
 she asks , as though in idle wonderment . 
 the rabbit pauses its pounding . 
 `` what makes you think so , lady chang ' e ? '' 
 `` it is only a thought . '' 
 she nods at its jars and pots . 
 `` what are you making ? '' 
 this medicine , it explains , reunites flesh and spirit : those chased out of their own skin by malicious devils , those who have spent too long in dreams , those sent to the underworld by an accounting error . 
 many ills require such a cure . 
 chang ' e peers into the mortar at the thick , glittering purple paste . 
 `` it 'll work on any body ? '' 
 `` even ones not of flesh , '' the rabbit says with solemn pride . 
 `` my pharmacology is unrivaled , though many have tried to match it . '' 
 she smiles and strokes its long ears . 
 `` perhaps one day you can make me a pill to make me heavy , so heavy that i will sink from the sky and return to the earth . '' 
 its nose twitches and it looks at her with sad red eyes . 
 `` i wish you would be happy , lady chang ' e. '' `` i 'm happy , rabbit . '' 
 she does not say that happy does not come from wishing . 
 once she thought that was so , swept into the arms of the archer god who came into being full-grown and graceful as though born from a wish . 
 centuries later she has learned otherwise . 
 a ghost butterfly alights on her shoulder . 
 there are many of those in the gardens of the moon , phantom swans and mute songbirds , wisps of feathers and beaks that come apart if she looks at them too hard . 
 a menagerie of creatures on the verge of breaking down . 
 chang ' e will not break with them . 
 she inhales the scent of the rabbit 's works , smells bitter and tart , fierce and demure . 
 in the chambers of her heart she holds an idea , a solution . 
 holding it close and hid -- so the moon will not hear , so the moon will not see -- she leaves the rabbit and , steps light as the passing of autumn , follows the ghosts . 
 * * * heroic houyi shot down nine sun-crows to save humanity , and through schemes of the jealous came to his ruin ; in death he rose to the tenth sun , where ever after he made his home . 
 for material chang ' e would have liked clay , soft and obedient to her hands , but the city is pavement end to end , and hard soil or harder rock where it is not . 
 she settles with cherrywood , which is all they have to make anything from , there being an endless supply from the one tree . 
 over and over she 's watched its leaves unfurl green and fresh and branches burst forth stronger and steelier than before . 
 the faster wu gang hews , the faster it regrows . 
 like the rabbit he never mentions escape , content to suffer and wait out his sentence on the moon , but sometimes she thinks it is merely that he has no one to return to . 
 appropriating chisel and saw from the woodsman 's cache she learns the fundamentals of carving , and over the months comes to understand where to chip , where to cut , where to etch : the subtleties of grain and knots , the differences between sap - and heartwood . 
 though she is n't done when houyi 's visit nears , it is progress and it keeps her busy , elbow-deep in shavings and dust . 
 on this day mortals kindle lanterns for her and houyi , she hears , and puts on dragon dances . 
 and marry : it 's been absorbed into the matchmakers ' calendars , one of the most favorable dates in the year and certainly the most in the season . 
 chang ' e does n't know how to feel about that . 
 she remembers being a mortal girl on earth , in a sedan chair gilded and painted crimson , her face behind a veil . 
 her lips pursed into a thin line , her skull full of thunder . 
 she 'd have become a merchant 's junior wife , the last in a hierarchy of five ; dreams of anything else would have shriveled up and died in her unmourned . 
 perhaps mortals are different now , and marriages are happier things . 
 houyi has suggested they might be , but she finds that beyond the reach of imagination . 
 zhongqiujie has become an annual celebration for the inhabitants of the moon -- which is to say , all three of them -- as though to make up for the lack of congratulations and liquor when she wedded houyi . 
 wu gang brings lanterns shaped as vast lotuses and serpents . 
 the rabbit has made cakes , viscous lotus paste inside and the salted yolks of ghost birds : they were pale rather than orange , but they taste no less rich . 
 she thanks them , heartfelt . 
 `` it means more than i can say , both to me and houyi . '' 
 `` it is good for husband and wife to unite , lady chang ' e. '' her smile stiffens . 
 with effort she keeps it from hardening into a rictus . 
 tact has become as necessary as the air they breathe , and so chang ' e has ever avoided the subject . 
 `` you have met houyi . '' 
 his mouth sets . 
 `` i have had the honor of acquaintance with heaven 's best archer , lady chang ' e. '' `` i realize houyi does n't dress as most women do . 
 it pleases her to dress as she does , and she requires no more reason than that . '' 
 `` goddess , it 's never been my place to criticize how the divine garb their sacred persons . '' 
 `` very good . 
 so , houyi is a woman . 
 on this we can at least establish a common ground ? '' 
 the woodsman nods . 
 she wishes she could say this marks progress . 
 unfortunately wu gang has never mistaken houyi 's gender : he has always recognized that her wife is female , that chang ' e is monogamous . 
 yet he puts that side by side with the idea that chang ' e has a husband , and in a stunning blast of illogic reconciles the two . 
 `` houyi is married to me . 
 this makes her my wife , as i am hers . 
 there is no one else . '' 
 he looks down at his feet . 
 he looks up at the moon 's roof . 
 delicately , he hedges , `` have you considered , lady chang ' e , that the archer is in truth a lord , and when he comes to you puts on a woman 's guise to please your tastes ? '' 
 chang ' e very much would like to remain poised , graceful , unassailable . 
 instead she wants to strike him . 
 `` i was there when she entered the court . 
 she 's always been as she is , and must 've lost count of the times she 's been asked if she would like to incarnate a man . '' 
 the woodsman kneels by one of the lantern beasts and makes a pretense of patting the silk flat . 
 `` husbands do not always tell their wives everything , goddess . 
 on this i can attest . 
 it 's not maliciously meant ; men can not give themselves wholly to their spouses . '' 
 for a long time she looks at him . 
 `` then it is quite fortunate i did n't marry a man , is n't it ? '' 
 `` lady chang ' e , i did n't mean to give offense . 
 you know that . '' 
 `` no , '' she says , `` you did n't . '' 
 it would profit neither of them to say that only makes it worse . 
 to his credit wu gang has done much to ensure their privacy , having built from nothing a pavilion large enough to contain a small court : embellishing and furnishing it with enough ornaments for the same . 
 all colors , all light : the rabbit 's wine steams amber , the wood is defiant red . 
 she takes one of the lacquered chairs , sits , and counts . 
 cherrywood armrests dig into her palms . 
 she feels her wife 's arrival on her eyelids , a finger of heat down her cheeks . 
 when she looks again houyi is there , warm and real , a little breathless . 
 the first moments are always difficult : they have gotten used to over three hundred days without the other . 
 absence has become more familiar than presence . 
 neither knows what to say , how to reacquaint herself to the actuality of her wife . 
 chang ' e stands . 
 they embrace and habit takes charge . 
 habit makes chang ' e take houyi by the wrist , and lead her to the cushions , silk and satin the color of bridal drapes . 
 `` there are no walls , '' houyi murmurs . 
 `` no one will watch , '' chang ' e says and discovers there is more than habit , that despite everything -- the sheer stretch of the centuries -- there is still desire . 
 she draws her wife down with her , and for the next moments they do not speak at all . 
 eventually they come to the wine , a single cup between the two of them . 
 chang ' e straddles houyi 's lap , sipping amber heat that goes down scalding , tangerine-tart . 
 given their position , which they settle into as surely as key into lock , she feels awkward when she finally asks , `` what have you been doing ? '' 
 `` bearing your absence without grace . '' 
 she traces a line down the archer 's breast , doubling and circling back . 
 her palm pushes gently against houyi 's heart . 
 `` do you still think of us as married ? 
 or just -- '' `` friends who become lovers , very briefly , once a year ? '' 
 houyi leans into her touch , eyelids fluttering against her cheek . 
 `` i have thought on it , though i feel the time differently . '' 
 `` my kin are all dead . '' 
 `` yes , '' the archer says gently , `` that 's why the centuries pass unmarked for me , for i 've nothing on the changing mortal earth , but for you ... i 've consulted many gods , many sages . 
 most continue to say that in a few centuries perhaps your sentence will lift , and you need only to wait it out . 
 obviously i disagree . '' 
 chang ' e presses her nails to the edge of her mouth . 
 `` i ca n't -- not another century . 
 not another decade . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 houyi exhales . 
 `` if there 's a way we will find it ; if there 's anything i can do i will do it , and none will stand between me and your freedom . 
 i swear this . '' 
 chang ' e makes herself smile . 
 she might have made herself say that she is absolute , that she has no doubts , that what is between them is steadfast as the moorings of a continent . 
 but it was houyi 's forthrightness that first made her say , oh , may we have a thing like marriage , might we become wife and wife ? 
 it was that , and many things besides , which chang ' e loved . 
 between them there can be no lies , and few secrets . 
 so she whispers , while they 're still so close their teeth are on each other 's lips , the fragment of a thought she 's been hoarding close to her breast . 
 long after the chariot has gone chang ' e remains to watch its trail , wisps of gold that too quickly dissipate , a thin memory of stars . 
 2 . 
 on earth houyi , too , dresses like a man . 
 but in this place of chrome and skyscrapers it is less remarkable than it once was , at a time when she was made to walk the earth in flesh susceptible to death . 
 having let her hair down she becomes even more ordinary , for mortal men now keep theirs very short . 
 some are clean-shaven entirely , even though they are n't monks . 
 she comes at night , when her duty relents , and haunts the ocean 's side . 
 she watches the ferries crossing the gulf between city districts : strange to think that hong kong and kowloon , once very much unlike , can now be counted two parts of the same whole . 
 it 's taken her several centuries , to track as she has never before , not prey of hooves and fangs and tiger-fur , but a thin faded line of blood . 
 a long time ago she met the mother , brother and niece of her wife , but there 'd been time apart . 
 when she looked again they were all gone . 
 but the hunt is houyi 's domain and delight . 
 though there is nothing left she could recognize , no commonality of name -- for people speak differently now , and name their children differently especially on this isle -- and little to see in the cast of skull and shape of eyes , she 's chased the tracks of genealogy to hong kong . 
 it is not that she keeps secrets from chang ' e . 
 but she does n't want to hold out a false hope , when it 's taken her this long , when it 's this thin and flimsy a thing . 
 in the space museum it is almost empty , climate-controlled air whispering against her skin , a quiet hum of electricity . 
 she goes past the glassed cases of spacesuits and shuttle models , the gravity well demonstration with its whirling metal spheres , the instrument panels that simulate a cockpit . 
 but it is the photographs of lunar landings that snatch at her attention , make her linger . 
 `` you 've been showing up every other night . '' 
 she glances up , unsurprised . 
 `` you work here . '' 
 `` unfortunately . '' 
 the young woman is in the process of locking down doors , dressed for the cold . 
 belatedly houyi realizes she is not . 
 `` well , we 're closing soon . '' 
 they leave the museum separately , and board the same boat off star ferry to wanchai . 
 houyi sits by the railing , where the winds buffet her hair and tear at her skin . 
 when the young woman settles beside her , houyi hears her frown before she even asks , `` are n't you even a little cold ? '' 
 `` it does n't bother me . 
 you are julienne , i think ? '' 
 julienne 's hand brushes the spot on her sweater that corresponds to where her employee 's card has been . 
 `` people do n't wear name tags in real life . 
 it 's awful . '' 
 `` hau ngai . '' 
 the young woman blinks , but offers no commentary nor wonders aloud just why it is that she has a name so masculine . 
 * * * chang ' e continues in testing and measuring her enemy . 
 with no drop of joy but plenty of grim clarity , she sets one of the houses on fire . 
 no small feat , for the moon is cold and the building pure rock , but the rabbit keeps bottles of phoenix flame . 
 small collection -- even in heaven the substance is rare -- but she pinches one anyway , guilty but not guilty enough to seek another solution . 
 after a stone house is reduced to blackened rubble , chang ' e finds herself unable to leave the pavilion wu gang built for days after . 
 the surrounding courtyard turns in upon itself , and she can venture no further than the edges . 
 like an impertinent child in need of correction she has been punished . 
 the rabbit visits with sticky rice wrapped in ghostly lotus leaves . 
 it plucks at its whiskers nervously . 
 `` why did you do this ? '' 
 to that she only gives a serene smile . 
 `` what could be done to me ? '' 
 `` if you wreak such ruin regularly ? 
 banishment to earth as a mortal , or a demon . 
 or worse , lady . 
 you are n't beyond the wheel , and when it turns it can break you , pulping flesh and grinding bones . 
 immortal does n't mean impervious . '' 
 her expression tightens . 
 `` i 'll keep that in mind . 
 thank you , rabbit . '' 
 subsequent experimenting becomes subtler . 
 she notes the times when she can glimpse the earth through windows , through archways . 
 then she might step through , and be on a mountain , in a temple , on the street of a city . 
 she 's never fast enough , but it is a close race . 
 so , then , what she wants to do might work . 
 might . 
 as long as the symbolism , the center of story , is satisfied . 
 the ghost animals have neither voices nor words of their own . 
 a few eels and frogs can be coaxed to echo chang ' e , and that suits her purposes . 
 the trouble lies in luring them . 
 they do not behave much like their living counterparts , neither eating nor mating ; owls and starlings sometimes swim languidly in the lakes , and twice she 's seen carps up in the branches of a stone cypress . 
 she 's tried to tempt them with cakes , fruits , wine , dumplings . 
 none avails . 
 tatters of fabric and melted candle wax do even less . 
 finally she starts giving out pieces of herself . 
 clipped locks of her hair attract middling interest . 
 she turns to pain , a hairline thread open in her hand -- and they come , attending her blood like courtiers around an empress , wet toothless mouths latching onto her skin . 
 she whispers words at them in slow stressed syllables : her name , common phrases , the way she greets the rabbit and the woodsman . 
 thank you and you did n't have to and the food you made is delicious . 
 it is like reciting poetry . 
 conversations so repetitive she can conduct them on her own , exhausted to banality and prescribed lines . 
 chang ' e melts the rabbit 's remedy , the one that unites spirit to body , and blends it with her blood . 
 the mixture takes a long time to boil , blood and medicine far thicker than water , and when she pours it into sculpted mouths too quickly it splashes and scalds her . 
 her eyes water at the pain . 
 she does not allow it to slow her down . 
 she finishes the statue in what she imagines is winter , where the moon 's lapses are more frequent and she gets to see the earth almost every day ; her prison 's mind turns to deserts and brightness , while hers turn to sanding and polishing . 
 her features are duplicated across the carved face . 
 no amount of paint will make it seem flesh , but she has prepared a solution for that . 
 she waits as the ghost animals slip into the mannequin , drawn irresistibly to arterial sweetness . 
 perhaps they sip at this mixture , and are content ; perhaps they struggle to escape . 
 they ca n't . 
 having imbibed the medicine they will be bound . 
 hands on the shoulders of the statue she concentrates . 
 it is n't something she 'd have been able to do mortal -- martial practitioners may , and she was never that -- but her ascendance has bought more than imprisonment . 
 it will cost her , for she is guided by instinct , not discipline . 
 a brush of vitality she can scarcely afford to spare trickles through her fingertips . 
 with it , a fraction of herself , that which makes her chang ' e and divine . 
 it suckles at her as though a babe , and she nurses it into a facsimile of life . 
 when she is done her knees are weak . 
 she clasps the wooden doll to her , mouth to wooden mouth , `` you are chang ' e. '' it is silent . 
 only wood , sanded and painted amateurishly . 
 `` you are chang ' e , '' she repeats , `` and you have a wife whom every night you long to meet . 
 you met her in heaven . 
 under a golden tree and black petals she first kissed you . 
 her name is houyi , and you are wedded wives . '' 
 `` i am , '' it repeats haltingly , in a voice not quite hers , `` chang ' e. '' once the first word has been uttered color flourishes , wood limbs softening to skin , chiseled hair flowing into soft strands . 
 in the best silks she has she dresses the statue , and on its head she puts pearls and ivory . 
 when she is done she hides it deep among the ghosts , draping it in swans and lions winter-pale . 
 * * * the second time houyi sees juliene the latter exclaims , `` you ca n't find these things that interesting . '' 
 the archer smiles faintly . 
 `` do you have mooncakes at zungcauzit ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 julienne glances sidelong at the moon-walk box . 
 `` what does that have to do with anything ? '' 
 this time they end up at a maxim 's outlet , which even at this time of the night is crowded , noisy , and not especially glamorous . 
 they order and have indifferent honeyed pork , dim sum , and pearl tea . 
 julienne wrings her sleeves and bites her lip . 
 `` i do know nicer places . '' 
 `` i do n't mind , '' houyi says . 
 `` there 's something to be said for convenience . '' 
 `` you 're so unpicky . 
 where are you from ? '' 
 `` the mainland . '' 
 a disbelieving laugh , as though she believes someone who dresses as elegantly as houyi -- and her choice of attire is that , by accident -- could n't possibly have so provincial an origin . 
 `` shenzhen ? 
 peking ? '' 
 `` i 'm not much for cities . '' 
 she looks across the room , where one woman -- catching houyi 's gaze -- stops giggling with her friends and blanches . 
 a spider demon . 
 her shadow briefly flares extra limbs as she scrambles , upsetting iced tea , and excuses herself from the table . 
 `` they are too easy to hide in . 
 but i 'd rather know about you . '' 
 julienne sets down her chopsticks . 
 `` are you flirting with me ? '' 
 this surprises a chuckle out of houyi . 
 `` i 'm much too advanced in age for that . 
 old aunts should n't flirt with young ladies . '' 
 `` you ca n't be more than thirty-five . '' 
 `` you flatter me . 
 but regardless i have a wife . '' 
 the girl puts the tip of a chopstick back in her mouth and chews it with a peculiar fervor . 
 `` you got married abroad , i suppose . 
 what 's her name ? '' 
 `` seung ngo . '' 
 `` oh come on . '' 
 `` that 's actually her name . '' 
 houyi signals a waitress -- she has to call only once to gain attention , which seems to awe julienne disproportionately -- and despite the girl 's protest she pays the entire bill . 
 `` i 'm about to ask you something very odd and rather personal . '' 
 `` how odd can it be ? '' 
 julienne gestures with her glass , whose bottom is black with ice-trapped tapioca beads . 
 `` do you visit a cemetery during chingming ? '' 
 julienne leans away from the table . 
 `` that is a bit personal . 
 and you are n't even single . '' 
 `` i 'm not that bewitching , child . '' 
 `` well , fine . 
 i do n't go . 
 i do n't owe my parents anything , not even burning them bits of shiny paper . '' 
 `` ah , '' the archer murmurs . 
 there 's little family resemblance ; marriages , migrations , and sheer centuries have washed those out , sculpted quite something else in the place of features possessed by chang ' e . 
 but there is , perhaps , something of the same sharpness . 
 `` i have a boon i would ask of you . '' 
 `` you talk like you just stepped out of a mowhab set . '' 
 houyi has seen her share of those films . 
 they amuse , mostly because when gods do battle there is a great deal more fanfare than even the most ostentatious special effects . 
 `` it 's hard to get out of character . '' 
 they step outside the maxim 's , into a night thick with neon signs and street vendors peddling counterfeit watches . 
 houyi thinks , and hopes , that chang ' e will like this place , this era . 
 it will surely suit her curiosity . 
 she holds out a hand to julienne , who frowns but takes it . 
 when they reappear in the silence of che kung the girl staggers , looks about wildly , and bites down on her knuckles . 
 there is n't much light apart from the bulbs illuminating a shrine full of guanyins in white and gold , clothes colorful and colorless . 
 houyi eases julienne down to the lip of a blue pool , at whose center yet another guanyin stands with child in hand . 
 `` i 'm not going , '' julienne says , voice gone thin and breathy , `` to scream . 
 i 'm not . '' 
 `` i hoped you would n't . '' 
 when she has gotten herself under control julienne demands , `` what do you want from me ? '' 
 `` to burn something . '' 
 houyi draws out what she 's hidden by the shrine . 
 it is caked in ashes , but undamaged : coils of silvered paper linked together , braided into a rope ladder . 
 the length is n't anywhere near enough , objectively , but she 's learned that such things are only symbols . 
 `` while thinking of a ... great-aunt many times over . '' 
 julienne takes the paper ladder in hand . 
 `` this is n't the right time , there is n't a picture , i have no incense , there is n't a grave . 
 i do n't even know her name . '' 
 `` it is seung ngo . '' 
 `` oh , '' the girl says , giving a vindicated little clap , `` of course . 
 of course your wife is the goddess on the moon and you 're the archer who shot down nine suns . 
 does she have a pet rabbit too ? '' 
 `` i would n't call it precisely a pet . 
 there 's also a woodsman on the moon , if you were curious . '' 
 houyi describes chang ' e to julienne quietly , quickly , as she makes a fire and wishes she had some skill at sketching . 
 julienne kneels dazed , but concentrates on houyi 's voice . 
 she feeds the paper ladder to the flames all at once , as such things are meant to be consigned , and watches as it crumbles . 
 that takes longer than most offerings ; houyi made the ladder strong and thick , just to be sure . 
 when all that remains is smoke -- julienne exclaiming how illegal it is to litter temple grounds as they have -- houyi feels as though she has emptied herself into that fire , into that rope ladder of paper , and now as the ashes drift skyward this has flitted beyond her grasp . 
 there 's nothing more she may do . 
 `` will i get to see whoever it is that i just burned that for ? 
 the great-aunt . 
 great-grandaunt . '' 
 houyi touches the base of her throat , chasing the recall of her wife 's touch . 
 `` we will see . 
 i believe she will wish to meet you . '' 
 `` she is n't a ghost ? '' 
 `` flesh and blood , and beautiful . '' 
 the archer stands . 
 `` shall i bring you somewhere else ? '' 
 `` i 'd hate having to explain myself to the police . '' 
 she takes the grand-niece of her wife near the sha tin station , in a spot quiet and empty enough that they were not seen except by a stray cat . 
 it hisses at houyi and turns tail , though not before she notes that its eyes are an unnatural , lambent blue . 
 before she leaves houyi allows her clothes to reweave themselves into the form she favors , a man 's robe and trousers in pale blue . 
 bow and quiver at her back , reassuring solidity and weight against her spine . 
 julienne stares at her , dumbfounded , as she presses her palm over her fist and bows to the girl in that old way mortals do n't bother with anymore except at new year . 
 as houyi departs she can still hear julienne muttering something about mowhab sets . 
 3 . 
 when the rope ladder appears chang ' e knows it is time . 
 it drapes halfway in , halfway out of her window . 
 touching it she knows at once whose hand wove it into shape , whose hand touched it and made the passing of it to her possible . 
 it is still warm , as though hiding in its strands a secret heat . 
 the length of it seems immeasurable . 
 the strength of it feels muscular , the flexibility of it prehensile . 
 she sits , gripping the ladder tight , until she feels its gravity bleed into her bones . 
 the weight of earth . 
 the weight , perhaps , of kinship . 
 chang ' e races over the roof with a lightness impossible anywhere else , toward the garden where she 's hidden a part of herself . 
 she peels away the swans and lions and tigers , the foliage and shrubs not quite real , the leaves and fruits that taste of honey and ice . 
 the moon is greedy and will not let her go . 
 and there must , always , be a woman on the moon . 
 very well : she will give it one that never tires , one that never weeps . 
 she points the mannequin at the city , whispering , go . 
 child-obedient it goes , chang ' e-shaped , as she ties one end of the ladder to a roof finial . 
 knowing the length will not fail her , she tightens the knot until it no longer budges . 
 then she casts the ladder . 
 it falls , and falls , until it stops taut . 
 between the rough jagged rocks of the moon 's flanks she descends . 
 the wind slices at her , flaying-sharp , scalpels driving between her vertebrae -- searing the shells of her ears -- infiltrating lungs and nose . 
 her fingers turn numb , and freeze solid to the rope . 
 her skin tears . 
 with each rung she weighs heavier . 
 lunar cold recedes . 
 she is halfway , or three-fourths of the way . 
 it becomes very warm and , off the corner of her eye , she sees sun-struck seas , she sees fruits and treetops , a sunlit day . 
 she sees a mountaintop nearly as close to her as her own feet . 
 she passes through fire . 
 on the moon slivers of her self vibrate within their wooden cage , leaping and hissing through wooden mouths . 
 the puppet that is her , that appears skin and hair but whose core is cherry bay , clutches itself and translates her raw flesh to amphibious pain-cries . 
 on the other side chang ' e is charred hair and blood fruiting on her lips , she is blisters and lymph dewing on her arms . 
 the snow mutes and absorbs the retching of her screams . 
 when she does stand she totters and would have pitched over again if she does not remember that she is breathing freedom , tasting it with lungs , pores , palate . 
 she straightens : dignity , she must have that when she does this for the first time . 
 she has witnessed houyi doing it without thought or effort . 
 back then she did not imagine she would one day gain the capability to do the same , the right of any deity . 
 she thinks east ; she thinks of bringing it close . 
 one step , two . 
 her footprints are shallow in the snow . 
 by the fifth she 's treading on sand , on the howl of tides against cliff . 
 saltwater laps at her waist , searing the burns on her thighs and hips . 
 what remains of her robes drifts seaweed-heavy in the waves . 
 there is a little house by the shore . 
 chang ' e limps up the winding path she knows her wife paved : conch shells and sea-smoothed pebbles , dyed in the bright colors that houyi loves . 
 the front door , double-paneled , is shut against drafts . 
 at her touch it parts . 
 inside , three rooms . 
 an enclosure for ablutions with folded screen and fish-scale tiles , an untidy workshop , and a bedroom . 
 this last is built for two , furniture in duplicates , a pair of armoires side by side : one filled , the other empty as though in hope . 
 houyi sits at the window , back straight , clad in a thin robe carelessly thrown on that leaves one shoulder bare . 
 she turns and her breath leaves her in a long whisper . 
 `` chang ' e. '' the archer spreads burn salve over her ; from the familiar vegetal smell she recognizes it as the rabbit 's work . 
 when she can speak again without her face hurting she murmurs through cracked lips , `` what did you do ? '' 
 her voice claws its way out a ruin , cold-wracked , fire-scourged . 
 `` i found your family . '' 
 houyi pours her lukewarm water , keeping at arm 's length as though unsure if she may touch chang ' e. `` family . '' 
 chang ' e holds her cup , presses it to her smeared cheek for relief . 
 `` i 've family left ? '' 
 `` your niece had children . 
 it took me a while to track them -- they spread and went away to far lands . 
 some never came back ; it 's difficult to read their footprints . '' 
 the archer brushes away what remains of her wife 's hair . 
 charred handfuls fall out . 
 `` her name 's julienne . '' 
 chang ' e repeats it . 
 `` what a peculiar name . '' 
 `` she is of the same blood as you . 
 else when she burned it the ladder would n't have found you . '' 
 `` or let me escape . '' 
 kinship , she thinks , the surest anchor . 
 she looks at her wife , who has done so much , who has opened this path . 
 `` can you , '' she asks uncertainly , `` take me to see this girl ? '' 
 * * * julienne zips up her jacket and chafes her hand , wishing she 'd declined the invitation to the class reunion . 
 her schoolmates have n't gotten any more interesting than the last time , and all the women remain -- as far as she can tell -- depressingly straight . 
 at her feet night club flyers rustle , garish things heavy on neon-pink and black . 
 tomorrow someone is going to be fined for littering . 
 she stops at a 7-11 for chrysanthemum tea , a bar of chocolate , sanitary pads . 
 ordinary items for an ordinary life . 
 the mtr station is quiet , dead last-train hours and closed convenience stores . 
 she hopes that the one night of oddity in che kung has n't ruined her for a lifetime of normalcy . 
 in a way julienne resents that woman -- whoever or whatever she was , for surely she was not that hau ngai -- for disrupting her life . 
 she tries not to dwell on it as she waves her card at the turnstile , goes down the escalator , and into a front carriage . 
 the only other passenger is an older man , dozing . 
 yesterday 's issue of the apple daily flutters by his side . 
 the smartphone in his shirt pocket chirps and shakes at the next stop . 
 he wakes groggily , disembarks , and julienne finds herself alone . 
 a hand falls on her shoulder , jerking her out of the white-noise zone born of electrical glare and the ghost of her own reflection foregrounding the tunnel rushing by . 
 julienne looks up to find two women . 
 one tall , in suit and slacks . 
 the other , astonishingly , in cheongsam . 
 pearls in her hair , either a net or secured by supernatural means . 
 the goddess is known to be exquisite . 
 julienne realizes her mouth has fallen open . 
 she shuts it . 
 seung ngo cups julienne 's face in her hands . 
 she startles to find that the goddess ' palms are not velvet ; they are rough , harder than her own , as though she is a woman who works with her hands . 
 the most menial julienne 's ever gotten is with keyboards . 
 carefully , as if speaking gwongdongwa for the first time seung ngo says , `` my wife was wrong . 
 i do see written on you my mother and third niece . '' 
 finding her voice finally she says , a little irritably , `` not my parents , i hope . '' 
 the goddess -- her ancestress -- lets her hands fall away . 
 `` you 're your own , mostly . 
 will you introduce me to the rest of our clan ? '' 
 julienne splutters a laugh . 
 `` i do n't think they can take the shock . '' 
 `` they do n't have to know everything . 
 and you , of course , will always be my favorite . '' 
 `` do i get the thickest red envelope ? '' 
 `` insolent child , '' seung ngo says fondly . 
 `` i 'll stuff yours with gold . '' 
 a cool female voice announces that the next station is the end of the island line . 
 julienne tries to imagine new year and chingming with all their family obligations . 
 she 's refused to show up for several years now . 
 `` next zungcauzit my cousins in indonesia and singapore are coming home . 
 you 're supposed to be on the moon by then , but ... '' seung ngo laughs . 
 `` i 'll be with you , not to worry . 
 i 've never tasted mortal-made mooncakes . '' 
 `` we put ice-cream in them now . 
 all sorts of fillings . 
 you can even buy them off-season . '' 
 `` oh , my , '' the goddess says . 
 `` but until then i 've got photo albums . 
 of -- the family . 
 baby pictures too . 
 do you want to see ? '' 
 `` i 'd like nothing more . '' 
 the two immortals take each of julienne 's arms , clasping her between them , and somehow they exit without needing either octopus card or ticket . 
 julienne knows that this year she 'll attend all the family gatherings . 
 perhaps they wo n't go very well . 
 but she will have two divine aunts with her , and is n't that worth something ? 
 very different , if nothing else . 
 and never boring . 
 `` it feels like i 'm continuing a story , '' julienne breathes . 
 `` you might 've heard of it before . '' 
 hau ngai tilts her head . 
 `` and which one is that ? '' 
 `` on the moon , '' she begins , grinning , `` there 's a lady with a rabbit ... '' an excerpt from scale-bright julienne 's aunts are the archer who shot down the suns and the woman who lives on the moon . 
 they teach her that there 's more to the city of her birth than meets the eye -- that beneath the modern chrome and glass of hong kong there are demons , gods , and the seethe of ancient feuds . 
 as a mortal julienne is to give them wide berth , for unlike her divine aunts she is painfully vulnerable , and choice prey for any demon . 
 until one day , she comes across a wounded , bleeding woman no one else can see , and is drawn into an old , old story of love , snake women , and the deathless monk who hunts them . 
 scale-bright is a contemporary fantasy novella published by immersion press with an introduction by aliette de bodard . 
 due out july 2014 in limited edition hardback , it blends chinese myth , interstitial cities , and the difficulties of being mortal and ordinary when everyone around you has stepped out of legends . 
 1.1 julienne is in a crowded train when a man whose skin gleams smooth as stone appears to inquire after her heart 's desire . 
 he wears white paper creased into sleeves and robe , and on his head black paper folded into a cap . 
 his faceted eyes are amber glass on an ivory face . 
 but it is when the rush hour parts around him that his inhumanity becomes beyond dispute . 
 smiling he bares blunt shoeshine teeth and again asks , `` what is it that you long for best , that clenches teeth and claws over the ventricles of your heart ? '' 
 she ignores him , gazing out the window where the tunnel blurs by in a gray-black haze . 
 overhead , the indicator blinks green between one station marker and the next . 
 fortress hill , tin hau . 
 the man disappears before her stop . 
 the crowd flows back into the space he left behind without ever acknowledging he was there . 
 afterward she does not remember what the man looks like and his words fade . 
 this is the first strange thing she encounters that day . 
 -lrb- julienne does not count her aunts as strange . 
 it would be rude , and they are the best relatives one could hope to have . -rrb- 
 in the afternoon , having spent her half-day off in pursuit of a low-calorie lunch , julienne goes to work . 
 sunlight around her neck noose-tight , she encounters the second strange thing : a woman bleeding under the clock tower . 
 she wears a vivid shade of good emeralds from eyeshadow to stiletto heels , marred by that one slash of red . 
 the woman bears this coldly , eyes straight ahead , only now and then caught by a spasm that tautens her lips over her teeth . 
 her gaze catches julienne 's and holds fast . 
 some ten meters separate them . 
 julienne looks away , hurries into the ocean terminal where conditioned air loosens the heat 's chokehold and lets oxygen pass into her lungs again . 
 there is a woman in so extraordinary a color ; there is a woman who bleeds -- and no one has noticed . 
 so there must be no woman , or there is no blood . 
 her aunts have taught her that hong kong is not quite the city she knows . 
 not half so safe ; not half so dull . 
 she works , finishes , and has an indifferent dinner with coworkers in the food court . 
 she buys pastel notepads and browses books at page one , heavy hardcovers on architecture and interior design that take up far too much space to justify their purchase . 
 the requirements of normalcy having been fulfilled , she makes her way out assured in her expertise of ordinariness . 
 in the face of the peculiar it 's best to shore herself up in an ecstasy of the mundane . 
 at an hour bordering on too-late , she goes back to the harbor with its familiar smells of sea and fast food , with its crowds clustering around taxi and bus stops , salt-sweat of an evening . 
 for the length of a hesitation , she pauses before the turnstile to the star ferry . 
 she goes past . 
 the woman remains at the precise same spot , bathed in yellow light . 
 blood has stained her shoes and pavement an uncertain black . 
 she remains upright , but she has become so pale her eyes look immense , tinted as though with expensive jades ground down to dust . 
 when the distance between them has shortened to nothing julienne purses her mouth , licking off her lipstick , cloying mango-scent . 
 `` do you need help ? '' 
 the woman blinks rapidly , shaking herself out of lassitude , setting herself on the correct side of consciousness . 
 `` i thought i 'd bleed out my life before you overcame your cowardice . '' 
 julienne stares . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you see a woman bleeding to death and do n't think to give her succor until the hours have passed , the sun has set , and she could well be lifeless carcass come the night ? 
 what barbarian are you ? 
 did your mother and father teach you no courtesy ? '' 
 she inhales slowly . 
 `` are you going to let me -- '' `` yes , '' the woman says , imperious , and falls into julienne 's arms : a weight of green like emeralds , a smell of butchery thick as velvet . 
 * * * the woman 's clothes have browned in the way of wilting leaves . 
 she is congealed heat against julienne on the ferry , on the taxi , then in the elevator ride up to her apartment . 
 strangers ' opprobrium chases julienne ; she must look like she 's shouldering a friend drunk into stupor . 
 in julienne 's arm the woman is light , as though acrylic on cardboard , bold strokes and bright splashes without dimension . 
 julienne chews on the possibility that this is a ghost , the possibility that this woman-seeming will fall apart to wood and fabric . 
 she guards against this thought . 
 as long as it is out of sight it wo n't come true . 
 her door is numpad-secured . 
 at her old place it 'd have been an ugly lock and fumbling with keys , but her aunts can afford seemingly anything . 
 she thumbs the light on and lays the woman down on a faux-leather sofa , then props herself against the wall . 
 her arms ache and she ca n't think . 
 at the sight of handprints she 's left on the switches and door her stomach churns . 
 under the tap cold water numbs her skin , sluicing pink . 
 it occurs to her while she lathers her hands that the woman might already be dead . 
 how many liters of blood in a body ? 
 is it different when she is so obviously not human ? 
 there 's a medicine cabinet in the living room . 
 aspirins , indigestion pills , bandages . 
 she ca n't begin to imagine what she could do with them . 
 logic slowly reasserts itself : an ambulance . 
 `` we should 've gone to a hospital , '' she says aloud in the shredded hope that the woman might still be alive and aware . 
 `` i 'll just make a call . 
 all right ? '' 
 the woman reaches for her . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 `` you need an ambulance . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 a weak tug . 
 `` stay . '' 
 `` you 're going to die and it 'll be on my head . '' 
 `` i 'm not ; it wo n't be . '' 
 a small , desperate noise . 
 she never opens her eyes . 
 gradually her breathing evens out and she eases into what seems more sleep than unconsciousness . 
 feeling absurd julienne continues to hold the stranger 's hand , her fingers a twitch away from dialing 999 . 
 a minute passes , or an hour . 
 morning arrives with an odd abruptness . 
 julienne is in her bed ; on the nightstand her phone flashes . 
 for a while julienne stares blankly at the led blinking orange , white , orange , white . 
 a slant of sun peers through the curtains , glares off the floor-length mirror in its art-deco frame . 
 she stays under the blanket until she can no longer bear the disgusting thickness in her mouth . 
 the air-con hums ; she does n't remember having switched it on . 
 she touches her blouse where the stains have faded to thin smears , as though they were never blood . 
 toothbrush , toothpaste , nightrobe . 
 the clock says half past five . 
 she tries to recall what it said when she came home last night . 
 eleven ? 
 her skin feels much too cold , the robe much too warm . 
 when she steps into the living room she braces herself against anything , the way she does at general check-ups : against news of sugar level too high , blood pressure too low . 
 cysts . 
 cancer . 
 but there is just her aunt-in-law reading on the sofa . 
 a faint smell of cigarettes . 
 hau ngai takes care not to smoke indoors , and never near julienne . 
 she sits like a man , ankle propped on knee , in a way julienne would never dare . 
 `` julienne . 
 how do you feel ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . '' 
 she tries again . 
 `` auntie . '' 
 five months of saying that and still awkward . 
 `` sit . '' 
 she takes the wingback chair , flinches when hau ngai leans over to cradle her face in a hand rough with calluses . 
 the pressure behind her eyes lightens and the throbbing in her temple slows . 
 what little sunlight there is stops strobing in her vision . 
 `` i 've lent you some vitality . 
 tell me what transpired . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 julienne looks down . 
 she has never grown past the embarrassment at the deep , intoxicating attraction she felt when she first met hau ngai , not knowing who this older woman was , understanding only that she was elegant and impossibly self-possessed . 
 `` there was a woman . '' 
 as hau ngai listens her mouth becomes thinner and thinner until she 's lost all expression . 
 `` did it not occur to you , niece , that there was anything strange ? 
 of all mortals she singled you out . 
 hong kong is not small , the crowd was not thin . 
 if it was aid she sought , then she went about it strangely . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 know , auntie . 
 i was n't thinking clearly . 
 but she was harmless . 
 i could n't have walked by . '' 
 `` she drank your youth , a few years torn out from the weave of your span . 
 your charity 's to your credit , but what you brought home was malicious ; a viper , unless i 've misread the signs . 
 reptiles are beguiling . '' 
 hau ngai shakes her head . 
 `` i 'll call seung ngo . '' 
 `` i do n't want her to worry -- '' `` your aunt wo n't forgive me if i did not tell her . 
 but i 'll do that tomorrow , if that eases you . '' 
 julienne pushes herself to say , `` i know i 'm a burden to you both . '' 
 `` you would n't have been attacked if they did n't smell gods on you . 
 it 's irresistible to demons who extend their centuries by leeching off humans ' time . 
 for them the scent of heaven is spice to such a meal . 
 this is n't your fault . 
 it 's appalling that neither of us has granted you better protection . '' 
 hau ngai reaches into her shirt and draws out a small metal triangle . 
 `` keep this . 
 through it i 'll know where you are , and be able to answer if you call . '' 
 the tip is weighted , tapering to a piercing point . 
 an arrowhead . 
 `` thank you , auntie . '' 
 `` it 's no chore to keep you safe , '' hau ngai says . 
 `` you 're my wife 's niece , and that makes us family . '' 
 which to julienne simply sounds like it 's an obligation , but she tries not to think that way . 
 gratitude is the only correct answer ; she attempts a smile . 
 `` when i was a child i 'd have loved to be able to say my aunts were that seung ngo , that hau ngai . 
 bragging rights . '' 
 between curtain-cast shade and dawn-light the archer god might have smiled . 
 `` then other children would 've said you meant your aunt and uncle , called you a liar , and pelted you with whatever mortal children pelt one another with these days . '' 
 `` rocks and mud balls , i 'm afraid . '' 
 she yawns and stifles it behind her hand . 
 this time hau ngai chuckles as she lifts julienne in her arms without effort . 
 `` mortals , '' she says as she tucks julienne back into bed , `` never truly change . '' 
 * * * when houyi makes the call to her wife she expects an argument and , as so often , that is what she gets . 
 `` if you were n't out to butcher every single demon in hong kong . '' 
 the intake of chang ` e 's breath is an effort to keep calm . 
 houyi imagines her in a park , a field , somewhere under an open sky gold-blue with daylight . 
 `` if you did n't have this reputation for being a rampaging zealot who massacres indiscriminately . 
 if not for these , do you believe one of them would 've been after my niece 's life ? '' 
 `` yes , '' houyi says , rebalancing the phone . 
 `` demons hardly need encouragement to act on their instincts . 
 scenting us on her is reason enough . '' 
 `` they are n't animals . '' 
 `` technically many of them are . '' 
 another sharp inhalation . 
 `` i 'm not going to debate the technicalities of demonkind . 
 had you left them well enough alone instead of heading out every other night to slaughter them by the score they 'd have found no provocation to do this . '' 
 `` this is the first time they 've gotten close to julienne . '' 
 `` they do n't need a second . 
 i 'm not going to expect her to defend herself from demons . '' 
 `` i could teach her to , but in the meantime i 've given her something to carry . 
 i do mean to keep her safe . '' 
 `` i know you do ; i know you will keep her well . 
 sometimes i feel like i ran away and left you with an illegitimate child to raise . '' 
 on the other end houyi hears an old woman 's voice raised in song . 
 clacking of wood on wood , the purr of thread turning to fabric . 
 `` it 's not that i do n't wish i was at your side . 
 it 's not that i do n't resent how little time we have together . '' 
 `` i understand that . 
 when this has calmed down , i will ... '' the strength of her reaction to chang ` e -- to her wife 's absence -- always catches houyi off-guard , like a shot that 's gone astray without reason . 
 `` i 'll find the viper . 
 perhaps negotiate an agreement . '' 
 chang ' e laughs , without humor . 
 `` that 'd be new . 
 do try it , even so . '' 
 the last echo of chang ` e 's voice dies away . 
 houyi stands on the first letter of hsbc , ancient myth-feet resting on logo black on red , under which throbs a mad rush of numbers and commerce and machines : trades riding cellular waves and fiber optic , fortunes made and shattered in minutes . 
 she does not shade her eyes . 
 centuries of driving the sun chariot have inured her ; the light and heat only remind her of the trajectory , the making of dark into dawn . 
 it 's not a duty she may shirk for much longer . 
 the height gives her half of hong kong to peel open , but though she can see as far as she needs -- and narrow her attention where she wills -- the city is a hoarder of secrets , of blacked windows sealed tight , and what do reptiles excel at if not hiding and slithering in the shade ? 
 houyi pinches the strand of hair she 's plucked out of the sofa . 
 no scales : the demon was not so slovenly as that , to revert to fangs and a tail as long as skyscraper shadows . 
 from her shoulder houyi unslings her bow , and choosing an arrow knots the hair to its tip . 
 notch . 
 pull . 
 loosen . 
 the motions come easily , an extension of arms and fingers , a release of tension pleasant-familiar as nostalgia . 
 the arrow sails high . 
 it flashes once , a verdant burst . 
 a direction ; a beginning . 
 she has located the trail . 
 houyi steps off the edge of the building , and follows . 
 * * * temple street at night : too many foreigners , too many smells . 
 billboards warm the air even in winter , and in summer it is sweltering . 
 here is too far from waves and harbor , too far from the breathing brine . 
 a street opera enacts snatches of drama -- behind the powder and paint each actor could be woman , man or elsewise . 
 one plays the part of daji , nuwa 's fox , luring an emperor to her embrace and his dynasty 's demise . 
 houyi appreciates their grace , their ability to perform in the limited stage eked out from gaps between pedestrians and stalls . 
 the actors are not without aptitude , and the accompanying band if strident manages to spin noise into poetry . 
 but she will not find her quarry here . 
 too obvious , too garish . 
 vendors hawk stringed coins not unlike what young men used to buy during imperial examinations seasons . 
 zodiac animals in glaring gilt line tables cheek-to-jowl with paper-mache icons of chairman mao . 
 houyi lets the crowd carry her forward , moving at its pace rather than her natural gait . 
 intuition and hunter 's sense will serve her here , not tracks on asphalt . 
 none exists in any case ; the city fleets , overwriting and overwritten . 
 she drops onto a cracked plastic stool without invitation or solicitation . 
 the palm-reader looks up at her , startled to find someone who looks so obviously local giving her patronage . 
 she is mid-forties , tired and trying to hide behind cosmetics : young for a palm-reader , which indicates that like most lining this street she is better at reciting a chiromancy manual than reading fate-lines . 
 for foreigners ' benefit the woman wears a cheongsam . 
 clipped palm charts flutter as she unhooks her magnifying glass . 
 the smile she gives houyi is thin-lipped , impatient . 
 `` good evening , miss . 
 is there anything specific you 're after ? '' 
 houyi hands over a couple hundred-dollar bills . 
 `` a consultation , '' she says amiably ; even if the palm-reader knows no talent , she will see that houyi 's lines are not quite what they should be . 
 they would suggest houyi has already died once , an interruption in the tributaries of her destiny . 
 `` i 've had a reading done before , but it was n't favorable . 
 i 'm considering a surgery to change that . 
 do you have recommendations ? '' 
 an honest chiromancer would have told her the idea is absurd , but this one apparently has a plastic surgeon for a brother-in-law and has pages of advice on what houyi might want to change , which part to keep and which to overwrite -- `` the one for your lifespan of course , and if you have conjugal troubles ... '' houyi 's smile stiffens . 
 so she has . 
 such a mortal thing , to turn a corner and find uncertainty lying in ambush against understanding that has outlasted dynasties . 
 while the woman speaks she takes the opportunity to acquaint herself with table , charts , equipment , brushing her fingertips over the naked lightbulb . 
 the viper has been here , and often ; the deep pouches under the palm-reader 's eyes are not just sleep deprivation . 
 a touch here , a touch there , like a tongue lapping at a teacup 's lip . 
 she lets the barest sliver of her vigor seep into the woman . 
 chang ' e will not like it , berating her for being too much the god , too free with her protection . 
 these days it seems they are constantly in the middle of a disagreement or verging on the next . 
 just as well they found julienne already a woman grown , not a fifteen-year-old orphan , or they would have worse debates over how to rear the girl . 
 neither of them would have adjusted well to the parameters of parenthood . 
 she pays the palm-reader an additional fifty , far more than the `` consultation '' is worth , and leaves for a noodle shop . 
 it is noisy , far too hot , and quite perfect for contemplation . 
 in her days she would have found a remote spot , drawn weapons , and sharpened them -- but remoteness in hong kong is a commodity rarer than gold and far more precious . 
 she 's learned to align her thoughts to noise , to sharpen her alertness on the whetstone of distraction . 
 the steam brings her the smells of red pork , soy sauce and pak choi . 
 the god 's intent pricks her skin long before he enters the eatery . 
 `` marshal tianpeng , '' she says as he arrives along with the waiter , who sets out a bowl of noodle and a plate of youtiao she did n't order . 
 `` nobody 's called me that for eons . 
 zhu baije , these days . 
 your courtesy is peerless , as ever . '' 
 physically he is imposing : a former commander of some eighty-thousand celestial soldiers can be nothing less . 
 but his presence , she 's always felt , is very small . 
 houyi regards him in silence , long enough for him to begin fidgeting with his youtiao . 
 `` beautiful houyi , '' he wheedles , `` why so cold ? 
 are we not friends of old ? '' 
 `` you were sent to earth in swine form for making unwanted advances toward my wife . 
 though i see , of course , that you 've since regained a shape more manlike . '' 
 she tries a spoonful of soup , finds it insipid . 
 the beef brisket is an improvement , seasoned and braised with a sure hand , someone with a zeal for strong flavors . 
 `` that was centuries ago ! '' 
 `` you were entirely aware that not only was chang ' e married , she did n't want men in general , nor you in especial ; you did n't even take the trouble of becoming a woman to woo her . 
 i 'm concerned that she could n't protect herself -- as is obvious , she could and did -- but i 'm unable to comprehend why you 've decided to join me for a meal . '' 
 `` chang ' e seemed lonely , and at the time you were absent from heaven ... '' `` banished to mortality in the human realm , yes . 
 very humorous , if you think about it , given your own sentence . 
 but i was n't aware the absence of one partner signals a marriage 's dissolution . 
 not that i have ever leafed through a book of heavenly laws , to be sure . 
 perhaps you can enlighten me . '' 
 he holds up his hands . 
 `` how cross are you , truly ? '' 
 `` marshal , can you not tell ? 
 here i understood you were the final authority on women 's fickle moods . 
 indeed reports say that fickle was what you called my wife when his majesty summoned you for judgment . '' 
 `` centuries -- '' `` we 're all immortal , marshal . 
 pretend that i am a man . 
 your equal , if you will . 
 would you expect a husband to let pass this slight ? '' 
 tianpeng looks down at his plate , shredded remains of youtiao : fried dough going limp in a cooling puddle of oil . 
 `` houyi , your words cut deep . '' 
 `` they do n't need to . 
 i do carry weapons . 
 but to save us both time and keep up some semblance of manners you could tell me your reason for having sought me out . '' 
 `` ah , '' tianpeng says . 
 `` ah . 
 about that . 
 i have what mortals would call a. . . 
 liquidity problem . '' 
 one of the waiters is scowling in their direction . 
 they 've kept their table too long . 
 `` we can talk as we walk . 
 if you must . '' 
 food smells linger on them . 
 from the marshal she catches a cloying hint of cigars . 
 an odd choice , and no suggestion of liquor . 
 the tianpeng she knew in heaven was so fond of drinks he offered to dig her a wine lake as wedding gift . 
 the market has frayed with the lateness of the hour ; stalls are packing up and the opera troupe is gone , leaving behind synthetic feathers and tatters of faux silk , a promise of the next performance . 
 come daylight the street will have acquired a seediness , an emptiness of spirit that comes with storefronts shut like clenched fists and garbage bags on the footpath . 
 she stops at an apothecary to buy candied dates for chang ` e , then remembers that chang ' e is not here , will not be here for a long time . 
 she buys them anyway ; they will keep , and her wife always eats compulsively after she 's off a plane . 
 `` liquidity problems , '' houyi says as they pass a bakery offering the last of its egg tarts at half price . 
 `` do i understand that right , marshal ? 
 you have financial troubles . 
 how did you come by them ? 
 you 're a god . '' 
 `` mercy and pity , houyi ! 
 a pig for three hundred years . '' 
 `` it 's been how long since -- '' she glances at him sideways . 
 `` no , do n't tell me . 
 you 've been trying to purchase women 's attentions . '' 
 tianpeng rubs the side of his temple . 
 `` of all people you can surely appreciate that ! 
 chang ' e is unmatched in beauty , but one ca n't possibly be enough . 
 it does no harm to have many loves . '' 
 `` marshal , i suggested that you pretend i 'm a man as a rhetorical bid -- one i hoped would bring you a glimmer of self-awareness . 
 this seems to have met with abject failure . 
 i understand the virtue of fidelity . 
 i enjoy it . '' 
 houyi shifts the phantom weight of her quiver . 
 `` but i 'm not entirely unsympathetic to your plight . 
 are you acquainted with demons ? '' 
 the god tugs at his beard , uneasy . 
 `` not by choice . 
 this is an infested city . '' 
 `` yes , it is rather . 
 if you can introduce me to one who might speak with me regarding a specific demon , it 'd go some way to make amends for the slight you offered my wife . 
 we can discuss your bank accounts after that . '' 
 about the author benjanun sriduangkaew lives in hong kong , where she is inspired to write love letters to strange cities , history , and the future . 
 she writes fantasy mythic and contemporary , science fiction space operatic and military , and has a strong appreciation for beautiful bugs . 
 her short fiction can be found in tor.com , clarkesworld , beneath ceaseless skies , phantasm japan , dangerous games , solaris rising 3 , various mammoth books and best of the year collections . 
 she is a finalist for the campbell award for best new writer and her stories have made appearances on the locus recommended reading list . 
 her debut novella scale-bright is out now from immersion press . 
 she can be found online at beekian.wordpress.com and twitter.com/bees_ja . 
