 i hate new sunday school classes a judachew , the singing mouse , adventure timothy w. ayers published by timothy w. ayers at smashwords copyright 2014 by timothy w. ayers smashwords edition , license notes thank you for downloading this temporarily free ebook . 
 although this is a free book -lrb- for a few months -rrb- , it remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be reproduced , copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes . 
 if you enjoyed this book , please encourage your friends to download their own copy at smashwords.com . 
 thank you for your support . 
 all rights reserved . 
 isbn-13 :978 -1500614577 isbn-10 : 1500614572 timothy w. ayers timothywayers@gmail.com http://www.timothywayers.wix.com/author dedication to jude and lily rennie to cameron and zachary cockroft to all kids who face the difficulty of moving and attending a new class to the kids at sycamore baptist church . 
 thanks for lending your names to a group of fun mice acknowledgments the judachew adventures is a real labor of love . 
 it was started because i wanted to write a christmas story as a reward for the sunday school students , who did such a fantastic job with our sunday school christmas play one year -lrb- see 5 little christmas dramas for today 's kids published by css publishing -rrb- . 
 the second in the series was written for a friend for her grandchildren . 
 this , the third in the series , is an outgrowth of my desire to produce resources for small churches . 
 this is a way to help new students adjust to a new sunday school class . 
 many thanks to my daughter , rebecca , who always gets roped into to doing the early readings and preliminary editing . 
 she did them while pregnant and then delivering lily . 
 now , that is dedication and hard work . 
 chapter 1 i , judachew , threw the last of my worldly possessions into a small matchbox and tied it shut with a piece of string i found on the floor of the old church building . 
 i had already said goodbye to my best friend forever , alexa . 
 both of us cried and we both promised to keep in touch . 
 alexa said she would email me , but i knew that without a computer , or even an email address , it would be hard for us to stay in touch . 
 i just thought that i would figure something out because bffs stay in touch . 
 `` dad , tell me again why we are moving all the way to some small town in iowa , '' i said with a hint of frustration in my voice . 
 my mouse friends and i had done wonderful things at the little church where we lived in western new york . 
 now that the pastor 's wife was over her illness , or at least it was in something called remission , we should be able to have a great life right here . 
 dad scurried on his hind legs , grabbing this and that and then more of this and that . 
 he let out a loud , frustrated sigh before answering me . 
 `` judachew , the pastor has decided to retire and move closer to his daughter in iowa . 
 he has been our friend for a long time . 
 we are his ` church mouse family ' and therefore , if he moves then we move . 
 it wo n't be so bad . 
 there will be a new church to attend , and you will make lots of new friends . 
 besides you have a new responsibility now , '' he said . 
 i knew what he was talking about . 
 i have a new little sister . 
 i love the little girl but we all know how little sisters can cramp our style , or at least , whatever style a singing mouse has . 
 lily joined our family just a short time ago . 
 i call her lily but her full name is lilliputian . 
 i know , that is some crazy sounding name . 
 you can see why i call her lily . 
 when mom was having lily , dad was building her new nest . 
 as is my dad 's custom , he waited until the last minute to get to work on the nest . 
 he was hurriedly tearing pages from a book called gulliver 's travels . 
 when my mother asked what they were going to name the baby , he did , as he did with me , looked at the page he was tearing and called out the first thing he read : lilliputian . 
 it stuck but fortunately for her , he did not sneeze right after saying it . 
 you see , i got my name when he was trying to say the name jude from the bible , but a loud , explosive sneeze came right after it . 
 therefore jude plus achoo became judachew . 
 i decided to save my little sister from the embarrassment of having to explain her name by calling her lily . 
 although lilliputian fits her well . 
 if you do n't know what a lilliputian is then maybe i should explain . 
 about fifty years before the united states started , a pastor named jonathan swift , wrote a book about a ship 's captain named gulliver . 
 gulliver was shipwrecked and washed up in a country made of islands called lilliput . 
 the people who lived there were called lilliputians . 
 they were just like regular people except for one thing ; they were only six inches tall . 
 so , they were no bigger than us mice . 
 my little sister , lily , is a tiny thing as well . 
 so , i guess the name fits her well . 
 she is little lily and is as a cute as a bug . 
 to be honest though , i do n't really understand that phrase to be `` cute as a bug . '' 
 i do n't find bugs all that cute . 
 i mean , a ladybug can be cute but what about a stinkbug ? 
 they are not cute and well , they stink . 
 as i was saying , lily is my little sister and she is as cute as a bug . 
 lily and i hang out together a lot . 
 she idolizes me since i am a famous , singing mouse and have been on tv and all that . 
 i do n't mind because i love her and watching her is my responsibility . 
 my packing was interrupted when my mother walked in the room and spoke . 
 `` remember , judachew , this journey may take two days so do n't forget to pack some games to play . '' 
 `` mom , why do we have to move ? 
 i like all my friends here and i have the best sunday school class in the world . 
 i hate new sunday school classes ! '' 
 i told her as i stomped my little , back paw on the bare wooden floor behind the wall of the church . 
 `` judachew , that is enough of that childish behavior . 
 we are the pastor 's church mice family . 
 if he moves , we move . 
 it is settled . 
 now , finish your packing and do n't forget your games . '' 
 mom turned and walked away . 
 i could tell she was a little angry with me , but i could not get her to understand that i hate new sunday school classes . 
 what if the other mice were mean to me ? 
 what if they would n't let me be a part of their class ? 
 what if i did n't know the answers to the teacher 's questions ? 
 what if the teacher hated me ? 
 what if the other mice would n't let me play in their reindeer games ? 
 i made a joke . 
 get it ? 
 it was from that song about rudolph . 
 now that i think about it , i felt a lot like rudolph . 
 here i am a singing mouse . 
 that is as bad as having a big , red nose that glows . 
 i might as well have a big , red nose because none of the other mice are going to like me . 
 none . 
 period . 
 `` ahhh ! '' 
 i heard lily scream from the other room . 
 chapter 2 i raced from my room towards the sound of lily 's voice . 
 i could hear dad 's padded little paws pounding against the floor behind me until they overtook me and reached lily first . 
 he stooped and picked her up . 
 he examined her all over to see where she had gotten hurt before asking , `` what is wrong , lily ? '' 
 `` i ca n't find my dolly . 
 dolly has to move with us . 
 i wo n't go if dolly does n't go . 
 daddy , do you think she ran away because she does n't want to move ? '' 
 lily asked with her big mouse eyes filling with tears . 
 `` i already packed her for the trip , '' mom said from her position behind me . 
 `` your dolly is safe and she wants to be with you . 
 she will move wherever you move . 
 dollies are good friends in that way . 
 now , you be a good daughter and come ask me your questions instead of screaming . 
 remember , we are supposed to be as quiet as church mice . '' 
 mom scurried back to her packing and dad did the same . 
 `` mom is right , lily . 
 dolly will move with you . 
 in a short time , this move will just be a memory . 
 little mice like you have it easy . 
 you do n't have to pack and when you get to the new place , all the other mice families will think you are just adorable . 
 they will accept you right away but me , that is a different story . 
 i have to make new friends , meet new humans and go to a new sunday school class and i hate new sunday school classes , '' i told my little sister . 
 `` mama told me not to use that word , '' lily stated . 
 `` what word is that ? '' 
 i asked even though i knew which word my mother did not like . 
 `` hay , hay , hay ... do n't like , '' lily stammered with the alternate phrase that mom found more preferable . 
 `` i know , but i really do n't like going to a new sunday school class . 
 what if the other mice do n't like me '' i told her . 
 she padded across the floor and threw her arms around me . 
 `` oh , judachew , who could not like you ? 
 you are the most wonderful and amazing big brother in the world , '' she told me as her big eyes looked up at me . 
 `` alright , that 's enough of trying to get on my good side . 
 what do you need , little sis ? '' 
 i attempted to make a joke because i was ready to cry . 
 i was nervous about moving and my little sister was the support that would get me through it . 
 i sure loved that little girl . 
 the ride to our new home did take two days . 
 by the time we got there i was tired of playing games . 
 i needed a good piece of fresh cheese and a field to run around in . 
 lily slept most of the way . 
 she was a bundle of refreshed energy when the moving truck finally pulled into the driveway of the pastor 's new house . 
 as i crawled down off the truck , i looked up to see the house . 
 it was nice , but the best part was that it sat right next to an old stone-walled church building . 
 the church had a very high steeple and stained glass windows all around the sides . 
 it was beautiful . 
 the church would be our new home . 
 i could n't wait to find my own room . 
 maybe moving would n't be so bad . 
 it did n't matter now . 
 i was here and i had better make the best out of it . 
 the moving men pulled the boxes from the truck . 
 as they set them on the lawn , dad , mom and i would pick up our belongings and move them to the small mouse door in the side of the church building . 
 we had stacked up all the boxes under a large bush and sat down for a quick picnic before carrying everything inside . 
 after eating , all four of us walked inside to tour our new home . 
 it was glorious . 
 the sun filtered through the stained glass windows and created a rainbow of colors across the floor and pews . 
 as the sun shifted positions it painted a new palette of colors everywhere . 
 lily thought they were a game and that the colors were her new friends . 
 she danced with them like only a tiny , innocent mouse can . 
 lily jumped from red to blue to green then yellow . 
 it was a wonderful thing to watch . 
 `` oh , honey , this is going to be a great home . 
 i hope we can fill the place with lots of dancing , little children , '' mom said to my dad . 
 dad stood proudly as if he had built the old church himself . 
 they were happy and lily was ecstatic . 
 me ? 
 not so much . 
 i still had to deal with the new sunday school class and as you know , i hate new sunday school classes . 
 mom and dad located a wonderful place behind the wall to make our new home sweet home . 
 i picked out my room and lily picked out hers . 
 we were a little surprised when none of the neighboring mice came out to greet or welcome us . 
 it was lunchtime , though , and maybe they were all having their family meals . 
 mom and lily got busy sweeping out the area . 
 well , mom swept and lily pretended to sweep with a tiny little paint brush dad found in one of the class rooms . 
 he and i scurried down to the outside mouse door to start carrying in our boxes . 
 i was on my tenth load up the stairs to our new home when it finally hit me : i was tired . 
 `` dad , i need a break . 
 i am going to take a tour around the outside of the building before i carry up the last load , '' i said . 
 `` meet you upstairs in a few minutes . 
 be careful , though . 
 stay close to the building so you do n't get lost , '' he responded . 
 `` i am too tired to go too far , '' i told him . 
 i started to stroll along the pathway under the shade of the bushes . 
 the breeze was cool and the air was sweet smelling . 
 i got to the back of the building and looked over the church yard to the field behind me . 
 it was filled with corn . 
 wow , there was so much corn to eat that i would become one big , fat mouse if i did n't watch my diet . 
 i walked over to the field and saw an ear of corn that had already fallen from the stalk . 
 i plucked off a kernel and strolled back towards the building to eat it . 
 the first bite put me in taste bud heaven . 
 it was the sweetest , juiciest corn i ever had . 
 maybe the move to iowa was n't so bad after all . 
 i sat munching on the kernel while i relaxed . 
 it was a beautiful day . 
 mom was happy . 
 dad was proud and lily was having a ball . 
 this could be a serene , peaceful and relaxed lifestyle for us all . 
 then i smelled it . 
 it was a foul and nasty odor . 
 `` meeoww , '' came the sound from behind me . 
 gulp ! 
 this was not going to be a good day , i emphatically decided . 
 chapter 3 `` hello , little mousey , '' purred the large , furry , gray cat . 
 his lips were curved in a smile as he licked his tongue across them . 
 `` welcome to my home . 
 mice around here call me catsby , the great catsby . 
 i do n't want to eat you but if you walk your little feet over this way , i would n't mind just having a little lick , '' the cat said . 
 he grinned bigger . 
 it was a false grin designed to make me believe him but remember , i had been on tv , so i knew a fake smile when i saw one . 
 `` sorry , ca n't do that today . 
 i need to help my family move in , '' i slowly rose to my four paws . 
 this was going to take my fastest and surest moves to escape this new , unattractive enemy . 
 `` oh , i saw your family . 
 your little sister will make a wonderful appetizer . 
 now , if i could just have a lick of you then i will know if you need salt and pepper or maybe you will taste delectable just the way you are , '' the cat said as it drew back on its haunches . 
 the beast was ready to spring at any second . 
 i was n't about to wait . 
 i turned and ran for the mouse door in the side of the building . 
 catsby was on my tail . 
 i mean , really on my tail . 
 his paw slammed down and caught me by the very tip of my long tail . 
 `` maybe a lick wo n't be enough . 
 i worked up a real lunchtime appetite slamming my paw down . 
 you might be just what i need to tide me over until my food bowl is filled up again , '' catsby purred as he moved his head closer to mine . 
 i could smell the fishy , cat food on his breath . 
 i was about to be his lunch when a large humming bee landed on catsby nose . 
 without thinking , he raised his paw to swat it away . 
 in an instant , i was up and running towards the door in the side of the building . 
 catsby slid to a stop in the dirt by the hole casting pebbles and soil everywhere . 
 i could hear him talking to himself . 
 `` drat , i finally catch my first mouse and it gets away . 
 i am certainly not much of a real cat . 
 i might just be a dog . 
 ` woof , woof ' is what i should be saying . 
 now , no mouse will ever call me the great catsby . '' 
 i waited a few minutes before poking my head out of the hole . 
 catsby was gone but my last two boxes were still there . 
 i raced out , grabbed them and ran up the stairs . 
 `` we were wondering what happened to you . 
 your father was ready to mount a search party , '' mom said with a laugh . 
 she was happy in her new home . 
 they were all happy in our new home . 
 how could i tell them about the big , gray , scary cat ? 
 it would only frighten lily . 
 i decided to keep it to myself until the right moment . 
 we all put our belongings away . 
 mom pulled out the last of the cheese from the trip and we had dinner . 
 it was a modest meal but tomorrow was sunday , and just like every church there would be donuts , cookies and wonderful , big , extravagant trays filled with yummy cheese and nourishing crackers . 
 bedtime came but i was too upset to sleep . 
 i would doze off but dream of nearly getting caught by catsby . 
 finally , sleep came but so did the nightmares . 
 `` welcome , little mice , to your new sunday school class . 
 i am your new teacher , mr. catsby . 
 after our lesson we will have a little snack , or rather , i will have a little snack . 
 today 's sunday school lesson is about feeding the poor . 
 more exactly , it is about feeding the poor cats . 
 always remember , it is more blessed to give than to receive , '' catsby purred . 
 `` here is my first question . '' 
 i looked around at the other mice . 
 there were more than a dozen of us . 
 `` the first question is for you , judachew , '' mr. catsby said . 
 `` me ? 
 why me ? 
 i am new here and i do n't even know what you studied last week . 
 this is n't fair , '' i protested but mr. catsby was n't listening . 
 he was busy pulling out a plate , a salt shaker and a pepper shaker . 
 `` name every instance where a cat is mentioned in the bible , '' catsby commanded . 
 `` cats in the bible ? 
 who cares about cats in the bible ? '' 
 i stated indignantly . 
 `` there is no mention of a cat , at least a house cat , anywhere in the bible , '' came a small voice from behind me . 
 it was lily . 
 she was probably right . 
 at least , i hoped she was right or i would be the sunday school snack . 
 `` drat ! '' 
 catsby muttered . 
 `` you are right but do n't you agree that there should be cats in the bible ? 
 i propose that we re-write the bible to have cats everywhere . 
 what do you say , judachew ? '' 
 `` that is ridiculous . 
 we ca n't rewrite the bible and put cats in it . 
 the bible is a finished book . 
 we ca n't add to it and we ca n't subtract from it , '' i said defiantly . 
 `` drat ! 
 well , then i think the lesson is over . 
 let 's eat ! '' 
 catsby said as he leaped for lily . 
 without thinking i jumped in front of her , because that 's what big brothers do . 
 catsby scooped me up in his one paw and grabbed my tail with the other . 
 he hung me upside down as i swung back and forth from my tail like a hypnotist 's watch . 
 the cat raised me over his upturned head and opened wide his mouth . 
 catsby lowered me toward his gaping , fang-lined hole . 
 i struggled . 
 i pulled on my tail to free it . 
 i moved closer and closer to his mouth . 
 my first day at a new sunday school would soon be my last . 
 mr. catsby let go of me and i fell through the air like a miniature skydiver . 
 the dark black opening of his mouth grew closer and closer . 
 this was it for me . 
 my next stop was catsby 's stomach . 
 chapter 4 i could hear yelling in the background . 
 it was my mother 's voice . 
 i did n't want her to see her only son leave the world in this way . 
 i covered my ears to muffle her screams . 
 `` judachew , it is time to get up . 
 how many times do i have to call you . 
 sunday school is in an hour and you need to look your best . 
 no child of mine is going to sunday school with a ` bed head ' tuft of fur . 
 now , get up ! '' 
 mom scolded . 
 `` wow , sure mom . 
 this a great day and that was only a dream . 
 i will be ready but if the teacher is a cat then i am running for it . 
 agreed ? '' 
 i told her as i sat up quickly in my bed . 
 `` judachew , where do you get your imagination ? 
 i talked to the neighbors and they said that a nice mouse guy teaches the class . 
 they said that you will love the lessons , the games and the snacks , '' she said . 
 `` i do n't want to hang around for snack time , mom . 
 it is too dangerous , '' i told her as i jumped out of bed and started to comb my hair with a broken eyelash brush . 
 at breakfast , lily chattered the whole time . 
 i did n't hear a word she said because all i could think about was how much the other mice wo n't like me at the new sunday school class . 
 i looked at my mom and put on my `` i 'm too sick to go to sunday school '' face . 
 i did n't even get to open my mouth when she said to me , `` forget it . 
 you are going to sunday school . '' 
 the time came and we all walked down to the sunday school area . 
 adult humans were standing around drinking coffee . 
 i could smell the donuts and that meant we would have something new besides cheese for dinner . 
 the thought of fresh donuts to eat almost made me forget about the horrid event that was about to happen to me . 
 i was ready to ask my dad a question when he whirled around , put a finger of his paw to his mouth and whispered , `` do not forget , these humans do not know we live here . 
 their opportunity to worship should not be stopped by our noisy interruption . '' 
 dad was right . 
 i needed to quietly move to my classroom and not bother the humans . 
 i had found that most of them are not friendly towards mice . 
 we are quite lovable when given the chance , at least , i thought so without me realizing it , i was standing in front of my classroom . 
 my mother was talking to the sunday school teacher . 
 i was relieved to see that it was n't the great catsby but another mouse just like us . 
 after their conversation , the teacher , mr. dospencer , motioned for me to follow him into the class and had me sit in one of the chairs . 
 all the chairs were around a large thread spool . 
 he introduced me . 
 `` boy and girls , this is judachew . 
 he just moved here with his family and will be joining our class . 
 let 's go around in a circle and introduce ourselves . '' 
 `` hi , judachew . 
 i 'm ethan . 
 it is great to have you in the class . 
 maybe we can play ball together after the service , '' said ethan , who seemed to be a great guy and would obviously be my friend . 
 so far , it was going okay but that was only one kid . 
 `` i 'm john . 
 where ya from and how did ya get such a silly name ? '' 
 he asked next . 
 `` it 's a long story . 
 i can tell it later after i meet everyone , '' i answered as nicely as i could . 
 one of the girls spoke next . 
 `` i am carissa and i think we live right next door to you . 
 i watched you move everything into your place . 
 your little sister is soooo cute . 
 glad to have you with us , '' she said . 
 i could only smile back because she was right , lily was soooo cute . 
 `` well hello , judachew . 
 i am ava and i think you are cute . 
 oops , did i say that out loud ? '' 
 ava giggled to herself and the girl next to her , alida , giggled along with her . 
 alida was a little shy and did n't want to talk at first then spoke up . 
 `` that was funny ava . 
 i wish i was as funny as you are . 
 my name is alida and i hope we can be friends , too . '' 
 said alida through her giggling . 
 isaiah stood up and reached out his paw . 
 `` shake , buddy . 
 my name is isaiah , and you and i are going to be great friends . 
 welcome to iowa where every day starts with corn and yep , you guessed it , every day ends with corn . '' 
 `` i am elsie , '' said the next girl . 
 `` and i am emily . 
 we are best friends because our names begin with e , '' emily said . 
 `` if you change your name to begin with an e then you can be part of our best friends club , '' elsie added . 
 `` my name is xavier and nobody else has a name that starts with an x . 
 then again , none of us have a name that ends with a sneeze , either . 
 you will like it around here . 
 this a quiet and safe place , '' the boy mouse said with a broad smile that stretched across his little mouse face . 
 i could have disagreed with him about it being a safe place upon my recollection of catsby . 
 `` i 'm izzy and if you ever call me dizzy izzy then i may have to tie your tail in a knot , '' she said with a seriously mean look on her face before breaking into a laugh . 
 `` i 'm just kidding but do n't ever call me dizzy izzy . '' 
 it was campbell 's turn . 
 her family had built their little house out of campbell 's soup cans right next to my new home . 
 she tried to talk but she was tongue-tied . 
 mr. dospencer decided to help her out . 
 `` campbell , what 's the matter ? 
 did the cat get your tongue ? '' 
 `` argh , that is the worst thing you could say , mr. dospencer . 
 we do n't want that cat getting anything of ours , '' said emily . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' campbell said . 
 she looked at judachew with starry eyes and then spoke to him . 
 `` i 'm campbell and i live next door and i saw you move in and i think you are cute , too and ... '' `` it 's my turn to speak , '' said the last mouse as he jumped up from his seat and onto the table . 
 `` i am rick . 
 all these niceties may make you feel good , but the truth is that none of us will be living here in a few weeks . 
 none of us ! '' 
 the others looked at him in shock as he continued . 
 `` i heard the grown-ups talking and they said that some guy called bishop something or other is planning to merge our little church with a bigger one and sell this building . 
 in two weeks we will all be homeless , '' rick yelled . 
 chapter 5 the little , mouse children drew in breaths of shock . 
 two of the girls began to cry and even one of the boys . 
 carissa was very upset and said , `` what about my room ? 
 what about my toys ? 
 what about my large wardrobe of clothes ? 
 what about my little sisters and brothers and all their stuff ? 
 will my parents have to give us up for adoption ? '' 
 she was ready to cry when her father appeared at the door to the classroom . 
 `` no , my little carissa . 
 our family will stay together , no matter what . 
 i just wanted to tell you that the humans are having a meeting to discuss the church closing right after a luncheon . 
 all our families will meet in the great pantry room for lunch then head up to the balcony to listen to bishop potentate . 
 after we hear what he has to say , the adult mice will have a meeting to discuss our options . 
 we ca n't get upset until we know exactly what is happening , '' carissa 's father told us . 
 i looked around at all my new friends and felt bad for them . 
 this had been their home all their lives . 
 none of them were experienced at moving like i had become . 
 they needed someone 's help . 
 they needed a miracle like the one we had on christmas eve just a few years ago in new york . 
 it may not be christmas time but i knew that god could be trusted to do the best for all of us . 
 god is still in the miracle business , as i was a true example of that . 
 god is in control twenty-four hours a day , seven days a week and three-hundred sixty-five days a year . 
 the class was quiet for the rest of the morning . 
 even the luncheon in the great pantry room had a hush that hung over it . 
 the mom and dad mice talked very quietly to each other in small groups . 
 i was sure they did n't want to upset their children by talks of moving . 
 the little mice were not in the mood to play games or even to talk . 
 i sat quietly next to campbell for most of the meal . 
 when dessert came , she turned to me and talked . 
 `` i think i know who you are . '' 
 she said . 
 `` i 'm not any mouse special . 
 just a little rodent who has moved far from his home , and is looking to make lots of new friends . 
 i would like this to be my new home . 
 i really like all the others in the class . '' 
 i tried to change the topic because i did n't want to be anything but a good friend to the others . 
 `` ca n't wait to see what the bishop has to say . 
 maybe he already has a plan to save the building and the church , '' i told her with as much hope as i could muster in my voice . 
 xavier 's mom announced that we needed to clean up and head for the balcony . 
 it was time to hear what bishop potentate had to say . 
 once we were all settled along the railing that overlooked the sanctuary , we quietly waited for the bishop to walk to the lectern . 
 i looked at john who was next to me . 
 his face was sad . 
 i knew they were all scared but we needed to hear what the real story was . 
 no one had to shush us or tell us to be quiet . 
 we were as worried as our parents . 
 bishop potentate got up from the large , high backed , red velvet chair that sat at the front of the church . 
 it had his name carved at the very top . 
 i found out later that he took it everywhere he went . 
 this chair was the only chair he would sit in . 
 four grown human men had to carry it in and out of a large truck that had the words the most holy reverend doctor bishop potentate painted in fourteen carat gold across the side . 
 `` ladies and gentlemen of the congregation of second community church of this great town , i will dispense with the opening prayer because this congregation does not have a prayer of a chance of saving your building . 
 two years ago your pastor retired , and since then you have done nothing to bring in new people . 
 in fact some people left . 
 they were upset that i used the money that would go to a new pastor to have this beautiful chair , a symbol of my superior importance , built for my travels . 
 they were upset that i would buy a used truck to haul it from location to location . 
 they thought the money should have gone to the ministry here or at to missionaries . 
 rubbish , i say . 
 that kind of thinking is what has gotten you into this financial mess . 
 `` as you know , i have done my best and allowed pastor leclaire from first community church to hold services for you . 
 he did that without pay because he knew how important this chair is to the good people of this church and to the surrounding community . 
 pastor leclaire is aging and can no longer minister to both congregations . 
 he was ninety-nine on his last birthday and i feel it is best to have him concentrate on only one congregation , while working full-time as my secretary . 
 he is overworked and underpaid . 
 i like it that way . 
 `` the good news , which i am sure you are all waiting for , is that i plan to sell your building to a man who lives nearby . 
 he wants to open up a cat hotel for his hundreds of feline friends . '' 
 an audible gasp went up from the rows and rows of mice along the balcony railing . 
 the bishop must have heard it for a twisted grin grew across his face before he spoke again . 
 `` why is that good news ? '' 
 the bishop continued . 
 `` it is good news because the sale of this building will allow me to buy a new , bigger truck and to have lights installed on my chair . 
 can you imagine how that will impress all those horrible sinners who do n't go to church ? 
 that will put the fear of god into their souls . 
 you see , i do n't use your money for me . 
 this chair is n't for me . 
 that truck is n't for me . 
 the new , luxury limousine is n't for me . 
 they are to show the world the way to god . 
 `` you should be thankful that i try my best to do everything for you , a very pitiful congregation . 
 i do n't ask for much when i sacrifice this way for all of you . 
 i do it because that is the way i am . 
 i never think of myself . 
 i only think of you , my dear , pitiful congregation . 
 `` and so , with all that said , i announce that this building will be closed and two weeks from today will be your last service . 
 unless you can come up with the necessary money to buy this building and keep it open yourselves . 
 in fact , to show you how much i love all of you , i would sell you your own building for only 110 % of the amount that the cat hotel man was going to pay . 
 now , that 's a deal , if you ask me . 
 `` there will be no closing prayer , either . 
 since , as i said before in my amazingly snarky yet loving way , you have no prayer of a chance . '' 
 the bishop ended and sat down . 
 i looked down at the few members of the congregation . 
 they were stunned and shocked . 
 one very nice , older woman looked around and said , `` how do we come up with that kind of money ? 
 we are small and poor . 
 the bishop certainly has us in a real pickle . '' 
 `` i guess we just have to give up . 
 i used to believe in miracles but the bishop tells us that the miracles in the bible were only fairy tales and not true . 
 it is now to a point that i do n't know what to believe . 
 when they close this church , i may not even go to church anymore . 
 besides , i do n't think that the best use of the funds from selling this church , should be to buy him a new truck . 
 all this is so depressing . 
 i think i will just go home and take a nap . 
 if someone comes up with a way to save the church then i will work my head off . 
 if not , i am done working so that bishop potentate can sit in a big chair and drive around in a luxury limousine , '' said the woman next to her in a loud angry voice . 
 i could see heads bobbing up and down in agreement as they heard her . 
 i thought her loud words might anger the bishop but instead i saw him smile as he walked beneath my perch in the balcony . 
 he said to himself , `` good , my plan is working . '' 
 what kind of plan did he have ? 
 did he want the church to close and sell ? 
 that was mean and that was n't what a church should be doing . 
 i turned to campbell who sat on the other side of me . 
 `` i know how we can save the church and i have plan , '' i told her but suddenly there was a loud noise behind us . 
 all the mice scurried for the holes in the wall . 
 i heard a sinister purring and turned in enough time to see the great catsby picking up lily by her tail . 
 chapter 7 `` no ! '' 
 i yelled with my loud , human voice . 
 i charged at catsby at full speed , and leaped into the air with both fists in front of me . 
 i was headed for his nose . 
 this should hurt him , and me as well , but that did n't matter because protecting my sister was my assignment from my mother and father . 
 i would fulfill that duty no matter what it did to me . 
 catsby let out a pained meow as my tiny mouse frame smacked hard against his nose . 
 he dropped lily . 
 dad was there to catch her . 
 he handed her to mom and she ran faster than i have ever seen her run before . 
 after hitting catsby 's nose , i toppled to the floor at my dad 's feet . 
 he looked down at me , grabbed my arm , picking me up off the floor and said through a proud smile , `` jumpin ' jehosaphat , you are certainly a chip off the old block , my boy . 
 now , let 's get out of here . '' 
 i was ready to run when i glanced behind me . 
 campbell was still on the railing . 
 catsby saw her , too and was licking his lips . 
 being a hero once was just a reaction . 
 being a hero twice could put me on the cat 's dinner plate . 
 campbell was in trouble . 
 i needed to save her and that was all i was thinking about . 
 i pulled away from my father and raced on all fours towards my new friend . 
 the cat leaped towards her at the same time i jumped . 
 would i reach campbell first or would his powerful jaws snapped shut on her ? 
 my tiny frame arrived first but i realized that i had not thought this through . 
 as i got to campbell , there was no place for us to go but over the railing . 
 i would save her from the cat just so we could both tumble out of the balcony and crash on the pews below us . 
 i grabbed her around the waist as i passed in the air . 
 we were still flying out over the pews down below when i saw it . 
 there , on the wall . 
 was an old speaker box with a loose wire that hung at the bottom . 
 if i could keep us flying long enough , i could grab the wire while holding on to campbell . 
 the two of us could safely crawl to the floor and be gone in another minute before catsby could get to us or the humans could see us . 
 campbell 's eyes were wide with fear as i stretched out my little paw to catch the wire . 
 could i do it ? 
 could i reach it ? 
 i was inches away and we were still flying . 
 i snatched hold of the wire and both of us came to a swinging stop . 
 `` climb down , campbell , then get to the wall fast before the human 's see you . '' 
 she whispered a thank you then ran down the wire and into a wall hole . 
 as i watched her i saw the great catsby come hurtling over the railing into the airspace above me . 
 i expected to hear him splat on the floor below giving me more than enough time to escape . 
 i looked down to see the cat waiting for me . 
 he looked up and sneered said , `` did you forget that cats always land on their feet ? 
 now , you will be my after lunch snack instead of your little sister . '' 
 i froze on the wire above . 
 i could n't go down and there was nowhere to go if i went up . 
 i needed a new way out and i needed it quickly . 
 the bishop had stepped back into the sanctuary to oversee the moving of his great , red velvet chair . 
 he was barking orders as he placed his high pointy , bishop hat on his head . 
 inside the hat was a silk-lined pillow between the terribly high peaks . 
 i had an idea . 
 i pushed myself off the wall and started to swing like tarzan from the old books i read . 
 i kept swinging until i was over the hat then i let go . 
 a moment later i dropped onto the cushion inside the hat . 
 `` drat ! '' 
 i heard the great catsby say . 
 i could n't see the cat but i knew that he was smart enough not to cross the mean , old bishop . 
 the bishop spoke , `` hello there , little kitty . 
 have you come to see your new home ? 
 or maybe you would like to see my beautiful truck with my name painted in large letters , with real gold paint , on the side of my truck ? 
 or maybe you just want to come sit on the expensive leather seats in my large , luxury limousine ? 
 what do want mr. puddy-tat ? '' 
 i peaked over the edge of the hat to see catsby purring like a sweet little kitty as he rubbed his furry body along the bishops long , colorful robe . 
 my plan had been a good one but it looked like catsby had a better one . 
 he would get the bishop to take him home and he would just wait until i had to come out of the hat . 
 once i was out of the hat then i would be catsby 's dinner . 
 as the bishop strode out of the building , catsby followed him with a warm , playful , high stepping prance . 
 the cat was putting on a show . 
 it was a great acting performance by the great catsby . 
 i needed to escape just as soon as i could . 
 the bishop 's chauffeur opened the door for the man of great self-importance and extended a hand towards the bishop 's hat . 
 catsby jumped inside the limo 's large , soft leather back seat . 
 i saw my chance and i took it . 
 i projected out of the hat , slid along the roof , down the back window and off the car . 
 catsby stared at me as i slid down the window sticking my mouse tongue out at him . 
 his mouth was open and i could almost hear him say , `` drat ! '' 
 by the time the cat was able to crawl out of the car from around the rotund bishop , i was already back inside and heading towards my home in the wall . 
 i walked in my front door to see my father holding my mother in his paws . 
 she was crying until her little mouse tears had soaked the floor beneath her . 
 lily was laying at her feet completely lifeless , and dad was patting her comfortingly on the back . 
 something was wrong . 
 was it lily ? 
 was she ... ? 
 chapter 8 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i yelled . 
 without turning to see who spoke , my mom said , `` my baby is gone , '' she started wailing so loud that i could barely get a word out of my mouth . 
 `` what happened ? 
 how did it happen ? '' 
 i asked as i walked toward the three of them . 
 i could n't believe that my baby sister had gone from this life to the next . 
 the thought was unbearable . 
 `` the cat ate my son , judachew , '' she wailed even louder . 
 i had to get her attention . 
 i yelled as loud as i could . 
 `` mom , it is me , judachew . 
 the cat did n't eat me . 
 i am right here . 
 i am alive . 
 look , not even a disgusting , cat slobber anywhere on me . '' 
 lily jumped up from the floor and raced to my leg and hugged so tight that she cut off the circulation to my head . 
 mom and dad spun around and stared at me . 
 `` you gave your mother quite a scare , young mouse . 
 you need to stop all these heroics , '' he scolded but i knew from the look on his face that he was a proud papa mouse . 
 `` me , a hero ? 
 what about you , dad ? 
 we raced out there to save lily together . 
 i guess the apple does n't fall too far from the tree . 
 besides , i was doing as you both instructed me . 
 i protected lily , '' i told them with a big grin on my face . 
 lily continued to grip my leg like an iron vise . 
 i reached down , picked her up and kissed all over her face . 
 `` i am so glad that you are unharmed . 
 we have to be more careful around the great catsby . 
 he is not a nice cat . '' 
 `` jude , you and daddy saved me . 
 you are my heroes , '' she said with a smile on her lips and tears in her eyes . 
 `` i will always protect you , little sis . 
 that 's what big brothers do . '' 
 i placed her back on the floor and she hugged my leg again . 
 my mother dried her tears and hugged me like she had not hugged me ever before , but my dad wanted to hear the whole story . 
 i told it as my back was to the door . 
 when i finished telling all the details about the hat and the limousine , i heard clapping coming from behind me . 
 all the other mouse families had quietly moved into our home , surrounded the walls and filled in the doorway and hallway . 
 campbell 's father was the first to speak . 
 `` i can not express my gratitude enough . 
 i have brought you my prized possession . '' 
 he held out a small piece of tin foil wrapped around what appeared to be a large slice of cheese . 
 `` this is a delicious piece of limburger cheese . 
 i have been saving it for the right time . 
 i thought i would eat it alone but now i want to share it with you . 
 you are quite the hero . '' 
 `` i 'm no hero , '' i stated . 
 i was embarrassed by the way people were looking at me . 
 `` you 're my hero , '' said campbell . 
 `` that was a close call but i have to admit that this has been the most exciting sunday i ever had . 
 it was fun but the hero stuff is over '' she said then turned serious . 
 `` you told me you had a plan to save the church building . 
 we all want to hear that plan . '' 
 ethan pushed his way to the front of the crowd and spoke , `` whatever the plan is , i am with my new best friend all the way . 
 whatever he says , i already agree with it . '' 
 xavier , john and isaiah crept up behind him . 
 they said in unison , `` yep , we guys all stick together . 
 whatever plan our new best friend has then we are for it . '' 
 i looked around as the room hushed then started to explain my idea , `` back in new york , we had to save the pastor 's job . 
 one of the little human girls and i decided to sing the christmas carol that the pastor 's wife sang every year before she became ill . 
 it was a big hit and we saved the church and the pastor 's job . 
 i think we can save this church by holding a special concert , invite the neighbors and ask for donations . '' 
 `` that is so ridiculous , '' said emily 's dad . 
 soon the whole room was laughing . 
 `` wait a second , everyone . 
 there is a singing mouse out there . 
 i saw him on tv one night . 
 if we can just find out who that mouse is and contact him to come here then the idea might work . 
 i just ca n't remember his name , '' ava stated . 
 elsie and emily spoke up next . 
 `` i have his poster on my wall , '' said emily . 
 `` me , too , '' said elsie . 
 `` what 's his name , girls ? '' 
 asked ava . 
 `` judachew , '' they said in unison . 
 `` the same name as my new best friend , '' said xavier . 
 `` that is a coincidence , is it not ? '' 
 added izzy , who was never to be called dizzy izzy . 
 `` where do we find this judachew , the singing mouse ? '' 
 quizzed izzy 's father . 
 `` i told you that i knew who you were , '' campbell said quietly to me . 
 she then turned to the others and held up her hands to get their attention . 
 `` fellow mice of second community church , i present to you , none other than , judachew the singing mouse . 
 star of stage and television , if i am not mistaken . '' 
 `` campbell is right . 
 i do have a special gift and i want to use it to save our new home . 
 i hate new sunday school classes so i am going to do everything i can so i do n't have to go through this again . 
 i am not sure how we can go about it . 
 i think we can successfully hold a concert two weeks from last night , '' i said . 
 alida was jumping up and down waving her hand in the air . 
 `` that is perfect . 
 that is also the corn harvest festival that weekend . 
 people come back to our little town from all over the country . 
 they are always looking for something fun to do . 
 this idea is really going to work . 
 i want to be an usher , '' she said with so much excitement in her voice that it started to spread to all the mouse families . 
 ava , elsie and emily all said they wanted to usher as well but ethan was excited for another reason when he spoke , `` oh , mouse , oh mouse , oh mouse , that is the best time of the year . 
 the humans make corn fritters , corn dogs , corn poppers , corn chowder , corn on the cob ... '' `` okay , ethan , we get it . 
 there are lots of corn foods to eat , '' campbell interrupted . 
 `` corn bread , corn chili , grilled corn ... '' he added as if she never interrupted him . 
 campbell tried again , `` okay , okay . 
 we get it . 
 there will be corn everything . 
 what we need to do now is make plans to have a great , super duper , fantastic concert . 
 judachew , what do we need to do ? '' 
 `` we need posters , a piano player and lots of other things . 
 i have n't thought it all through with the great catsby trying his hardest to eat me . 
 does anyone have a suggestion as to whom of the humans would help us ? '' 
 i questioned . 
 it was ethan 's mom that stepped forward this time . 
 `` i think we would all agree that deacon bob leever seems to be their leader . 
 he and his wife , bee , are constantly at the church and they could be the ones we need to contact . 
 i just do n't know how . '' 
 `` i do , '' said campbell . 
 mrs. leever is also the pianist for the church . 
 she 's been teaching her granddaughter , faith ann , the piano on monday afternoons . 
 i always go and listen to her practice and she knows i am there . 
 faith ann leaves me a bit of her cookie . 
 one time she even smiled at me . 
 i think she is wonderful and beautiful , and i believe she will be the person that we need to make this all work . '' 
 `` then tomorrow afternoon campbell and i go to meet faith ann . 
 in the meantime , we need your best artist to draw a poster . '' 
 my classmate isaiah stepped forward . 
 `` i guess that would be me , judachew . 
 could you sit for a portrait tomorrow morning ? 
 i will do my best to make the most interesting poster possible but how do we make copies of it ? '' 
 isaiah asked . 
 isaiah 's dad moved up behind him . 
 `` when i was a kid , i grew up in a print shop . 
 i have watched humans use copiers for a long time . 
 it is just a matter of getting the original drawing in place and then jumping up and down on the big green button . 
 we can do it , but i will need the help of a lot of us to lift the top , and to get paper in the machine . 
 we will prepare the machine in the church office to start copying right after isaiah finishes the poster . '' 
 `` i will not stand for this , '' yelled out the oldest mouse in the group , mr. longsnout . 
 `` if god intended for mice to sing , he would have given them wings . '' 
 `` the phrase is : if god intended mice to fly , he would have given them wings , '' said his daughter who was also campbell 's mom . 
 `` well , let 's get moving then . 
 why are you all standing around when there is work to do , '' commanded old mr. longsnout . 
 chapter 9 the next morning came quickly after a good nights sleep . 
 i was more tired than i thought . 
 being chased by the great catsby had worn me out . 
 my mother made us a filling breakfast from the food we gathered after the luncheon the day before . 
 lily begged to come with campbell and me to meet faith ann . 
 at first , i said no , but then thought if any mouse could win the heart of a human , it would be cute , little lily . 
 she would be my ace in the hole . 
 when i arrived at isaiah 's house , he already had a sheet of paper tacked to the wall , and a mixture of pens and short pencils scattered around him . 
 on his head he wore a small , blue beret . 
 `` what 's with the hat ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` every great artist wears a blue beret , well at least , a beret . 
 if i am going to paint my masterpiece then i want to look the part . 
 it also keeps this long tuft of fur out of my eyes , '' he said pointing to the long pouf of fuzz between his ears . 
 after an hour , i was getting restless and started to fidget . 
 i now knew what the mouse in the famous painting , `` mousa lisa '' felt like . 
 `` can we take a break for a minute ? 
 my left leg is starting to cramp , '' i asked . 
 `` oh , sure . 
 that 's a good idea . 
 my mom was making us some lemonade . 
 maybe it is ready . 
 i could go for a cold one right about now , '' isaiah said as he walked out of the room . 
 i stood and stretched to my full five inch height . 
 i was still growing and hoped i would be as tall as my dad . 
 as i moved my front legs about in circles to get the circulation back in them , i strolled over to the painting . 
 i was surprised . 
 isaiah was a really good artist . 
 his likeness of me was very close . 
 this poster would be an excellent way to advertise our concert . 
 i was beginning to think that we really could save the church . 
 the meeting with faith ann would be the most important moment for our plan . 
 i was glad i decided to take lily along . 
 how could anyone resist a cute , little mouse with brown eyes so big that you ca n't wait to stare into them . 
 after the lemonade break , isaiah put the finishing touches on the drawing . 
 we paw bumped as he told me that he would put the time and place information on the poster and have it ready for the work crew that would copy it . 
 i wanted to watch how it was done . 
 it would be difficult but a group of mice can always come up with a way to get a task completed . 
 upon returning home , i followed my mother into the front door . 
 `` were you out making friends , mom ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` judachew , i joined the other woman in their women 's auxiliary basket weaving circle . 
 they 've been weaving baskets for months to get ready for the corn harvest . 
 after the farmers detassel and harvest the corn , then there is an abundant amount on the ground for us mice to pick up . 
 all the families bring it back to the church and store it for the winter . 
 i am truly enjoying the sense of community in this little village of mice . 
 now , what can i get you to eat ? 
 i want to make sure you have your strength for your meeting with faith ann , '' mom told me . 
 `` you know , mom . 
 our pastor always said that god has everything in his control and that god can be trusted . 
 i am starting to see how moving to iowa was part of god 's plan . 
 i still hate new sunday school classes but this one does n't feel new anymore . 
 i feel like we are all a part of god 's big plan , '' i remarked as i sat on my little chair . 
 just then dad walked in with lily . 
 `` did you enjoy the park , lily ? '' 
 my mother asked . 
 `` not really . 
 there are cats all over this town and these are not friendly cats . 
 dad and i had to stay in the bushes and i never got on one swing , '' she told us in a very disappointed voice . 
 `` i will make you a nice lunch and that will help , '' mom said as she leaned over and kissed the top of lily 's head . 
 lily looked at me and said , `` i am still going with you to meet the little human girl , are n't i ? 
 i have been waiting for a million years to do that . '' 
 `` you 've only been waiting for a few hours , lily , '' i reminded her . 
 `` is a few hours almost the same as a million years ? '' 
 she asked . 
 little mice do n't have the same sense of time that we grown-up , at least almost grown-up , mice have . 
 `` i guess so , little sis . 
 both are a long time . 
 yes , you are going . 
 i need your help this time . 
 you will be my hero this afternoon , '' i told her with a big grin . 
 `` did you hear that , dad and mom ? 
 i get to be judachew 's hero today . 
 this is going to the best day of all my born years . 
 i will be the hero , '' lily said as she dug into a plate of delicious crumbs . 
 with lunch done , the dishes washed and put away , lily and i walked next door to campbell 's house , with all the soup cans , and knocked on the little door . 
 `` are you ready to go ? '' 
 `` i just have to brush my fur and i will be right with you , '' campbell said as lily and i sat down to wait . 
 lily was growing impatient . 
 `` is this going to take a million years , judachew ? 
 will i have to brush my fur before going out or will mommy always do it for me ? 
 i did n't get a chance to answer as campbell stepped out of her room . 
 she announced that she was ready . 
 the three of us headed down the hall . 
 as we turned the corner , i saw something i did not like . 
 the great catsby had stuck his long paw with his razor-like claws on the end into the mouse hole in the wall . 
 he was feeling as far in as he could reach in hopes of finding a little mouse snack . 
 campbell looked at me with sad eyes and said , `` this is the only way to the choir room where faith ann practices her piano . 
 now , we wo n't meet her and our families will lose their homes . 
 what are we going to do ? '' 
 i thought for a minute , then cautiously approached catsby 's big , hairy paw . 
 i looked around for an idea . 
 there was nothing . 
 then i saw it ! 
 chapter 10 along the wall , under a separated , floor plank , was exactly what i wanted . 
 it was a set and never sprung mouse trap . 
 although it scared me to handle such a horrible weapon of mouse destruction , i knew this had to be done if we were going to save the church . 
 i placed my little body behind it and shoved . 
 it did n't move . 
 i pushed again and i saw the trigger on the trap jiggle . 
 i needed to be more careful because one wrong spring of that trap could send me to the great mouse heaven . 
 i looked around again and saw that the trap was blocked by an old , uneaten , piece of corn . 
 i guess that is the way it is in iowa . 
 there is corn everywhere . 
 i kicked the corn out of the way and tried pushing the mouse trap again . 
 this time it slid easily . 
 i got the weapon near the claws of the great catsby and lined it up . 
 he was moving his paw three grabs to the left then three grabs to the right . 
 i waited . 
 one grab to the left . 
 two grabs to the left . 
 three grabs to the left . 
 one grab back to the right . 
 two grabs back to the right . 
 i yelled to campbell and lily , `` be ready to run because this will be one very mad cat in exactly one second . '' 
 on the third grab to the right , i slid the trap under his paw . 
 snap ! 
 as we ran , we heard catsby meowing and whining loudly . 
 his final word as he ran out of the room and away from the hole was `` drat ! '' 
 the three of us stopped at a hole that led into the choir room to listen for faith ann playing and to compose ourselves . 
 campbell tapped me on the shoulder and asked , `` do i look alright ? '' 
 she was patting down her blondish tuft of fur between her ears . 
 `` ah , yeah . 
 you look great , '' i said without even glancing at her . 
 `` do you really think so ? '' 
 she asked with a smile beaming across her face . 
 i looked over at lily . 
 she was rolling her eyes . 
 i turned back to campbell , `` yeah , now go in the room so we can meet this girl . '' 
 after campbell went in , lily came up and punched me in the side and said , `` you big , dummy . '' 
 i did n't get it . 
 i did n't get it at all . 
 girl mice can be so confusing . 
 as campbell walked in , faith ann quit playing . 
 she never looked down but said , `` i know you are there . 
 anything you would like to hear ? '' 
 campbell tried to answer but her squeaks made no sense to a human ear , but i saw this as my opportunity . 
 `` do you know ` how great thou art ' ? '' 
 i said loud enough for her to hear me . 
 faith ann nearly jumped off the stool . 
 `` who is talking to me ? 
 where did that come from ? 
 i must be going crazy , '' she said . 
 i rushed out to where the girl could see me , pushing my little sister in front of me . 
 how could she resists two cute girls and a talking mouse . 
 faith ann was looking all around the room when i spoke again . 
 `` faith ann , down here . 
 my name is judachew , the singing mouse . 
 this is campbell , my friend , and this beautiful , cute little mouse is my sister , lily . 
 we need to talk to you . '' 
 `` judachew , i saw you on tv but i thought you were a cartoon or an animation . 
 i never dreamed you were real . 
 let me catch my breath for a moment , '' she said before pausing and breathing in a few sucks of air to calm herself . 
 `` alright now , i think i am fine but no one i know is going to believe me . 
 i do n't believe me . 
 i am talking to three mice . 
 i am talking to two very cute mice and one mouse that speaks and sings . 
 what can i do for you , my three mouse friends ? '' 
 `` we have an idea that might save the church , '' i said . 
 `` my grandfather is the one who needs to hear that , '' she exclaimed . 
 `` we know but you are the only one who can get him to listen . 
 i want to present a concert , on the saturday night during the corn harvest festival . 
 i will explain to everyone that we are trying to save the church from bishop potentate 's plan to sell it . 
 we think we can get enough donations to save the building , '' i told her . 
 `` i still ca n't believe i am talking to you but i have to admit that your idea is a great one . 
 count me in . 
 what do i need to do ? '' 
 faith ann said as she sat back down on the piano bench . 
 `` please get your grandfather to listen to me and we need your grandmother to play piano for the concert . 
 do you think you can do that ? '' 
 i pleaded . 
 `` nana will be no problem but papa is a little hard-headed . 
 the way to get him to agree is to convince him we can save the church and stop the bishop . 
 he is not very happy with the bishop . 
 i will talk to nana in a few minutes . 
 she will figure out how to talk to papa . 
 she 's handled him for a long time . 
 can you meet me tomorrow at this time in this room ? 
 i will bring nana to meet you , '' faith ann told us . 
 campbell and lily were jumping up and down with joy . 
 i wanted to do the same but needed to appear to be a serious mouse doing serious business . 
 `` we can do that . 
 now , how about you playing that song so i can sing . '' 
 once faith ann and i finished our duet , she continued to practice while the three of us ran back to our group of mouse homes to give everyone the good news . 
 when we arrived everyone was in a big circle staring down at something on the floor . 
 my first thought was that the great catsby had decided to pay me back and one of our own mice was laying on the floor . 
 i raced up to the crowd yelling , `` what happened ? 
 who did catsby get this time ? '' 
 chapter 11 i frantically pushed my way through the crowd of mice . 
 my actions against the great catsby had caused another tragedy . 
 whoever it was , it was my fault . 
 i would stand up and take the blame for it . 
 once i cleared the front person from the crowd , i came to screeching halt . 
 i stared down at me looking up at me . 
 isaiah had finished the poster and it was stupendous . 
 `` wow ! '' 
 was all i could say . 
 lily poked her head between my legs and squeaked , `` the picture looks like you , judachew . 
 only he is good looking ! '' 
 then she laughed . 
 the mouse next to me laughed . 
 the one next that mouse laughed and it soon caught on . 
 all the mice were laughing at her joke . 
 i gave her ear a tug , and she twisted her head to look up at me . 
 those big brown eyes always melted my heart . 
 `` sorry , big brother , i could n't resist kidding you a little bit . '' 
 isaiah looked at me and said , `` do you like it ? '' 
 `` like it ? 
 i love it ! 
 this is going to make people come to the concert just to get copies of the program we hand out , '' i said . 
 `` you mean i have to look at that goofy face again to draw a program ? '' 
 everyone laughed again before izzy 's dad held up his hands to hush everyone and spoke . 
 `` what happened with faith ann ? 
 is she going to help ? '' 
 `` she was every bit as nice as campbell said she was . 
 she will talk to her grandmother and the two of them are meeting us tomorrow afternoon . 
 if mrs. leever likes the idea then she will get bob leever to approve it . 
 after that it is nothing but hard work . 
 is everyone ready for some hard work that will save our homes ? '' 
 i called out . 
 carissa 's father spoke up next . 
 `` as you all know , this coming saturday is the great corn harvest for us mice . 
 the farmers will finish on friday night so the fields will be filled with corn . 
 as you all know , this reminds me of the bible story where boaz , the owner of the farm , allowed ruth to glean from the fields all that the harvesters left behind . 
 on saturday , project ruth begins . 
 the women 's auxiliary basket weaving circle has the baskets ready . 
 we will begin at sunrise and glean until sunset . 
 pray for good weather and the absence of you know what . '' 
 `` cats ! '' 
 the crowd of mice yelled together . 
 `` which reminds me , does anyone know why the great catsby was running around meowing like he got his paw caught in a trap ? '' 
 carissa 's father questioned . 
 `` yeah , he got his paw caught in a trap , '' campbell said . 
 `` he was reaching into the hole on the path to the choir room and judachew pushed that old trap close to him . 
 i do n't think he will try that again . '' 
 `` three cheers for judachew , '' called out carissa . 
 the day went fast as we all worked hard to prepare for project ruth , as the church mice called it . 
 in new york we did n't have a corn harvest in our little village . 
 here in iowa it was a rite of passage for every small , medium and large mouse in our church building . 
 a few of the older boy mice had great reputations as top harvesters . 
 they could glean a few hundred baskets in a single day . 
 this was foreign to me as a city mouse , but i would soon look up to the older boys as great providers for our community . 
 that evening we gathered for a time of singing . 
 i learned some new songs and did a solo or two of my favorite songs . 
 everyone wanted to hear the song i sang on tv and i was more than happy to fulfill that request . 
 towards the end , i looked over and saw my sister , lily , asleep in mother 's arms . 
 dad quietly picked her up and carried her into the house . 
 i knew she would sleep well for tomorrow she would once again accompany us to meet with faith ann and mrs. leever . 
 once all the lights were out and not a creature was stirring , not even a mouse , i laid in my bed thinking . 
 could we save the church ? 
 i had given everyone hope but hope was n't enough . 
 i needed to sing my heart out so that people would donate to the fund . 
 i knew there was one thing missing from my plan but i was n't sure what it was . 
 tomorrow was another day and i was sure that missing piece would come to some mouse 's mind . 
 i said my prayers and fell asleep . 
 i awoke to the sound of my mother singing in the kitchen . 
 i had n't heard her do that for weeks and weeks . 
 she was feeling very much at home . 
 it was a wonderful feeling to grow up in a home so filled with love . 
 i felt a tug at my blanket . 
 it was lily standing next to me rubbing the sleep from her eyes . 
 `` i fell asleep at the singing party last night . 
 did i miss anything ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no , kiddo . 
 it seems that every other mouse got tired after you . 
 we broke up the fun and every good little boy and girl mouse went to bed . 
 are you ready to meet mrs. leever today ? '' 
 `` yeah , i was thinking that i should wear that nice , little pink bow in my tuft of fur . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 she asked through a morning yawn . 
 `` great idea . 
 remember , your sweetness is what is going to get this concert on the road , '' i told her as i swung my feet out of bed and touched the floor . 
 `` judachew , do n't be so dumb about campbell , '' she added as i passed by her for the door . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 i argued . 
 girl mice could be very confusing , even little , tiny girl mice . 
 she let out a big sigh and said , `` never mind . 
 you 'll never get it . '' 
 the afternoon rendezvous with faith ann and her grandmother came quickly . 
 i had spent the morning with isaiah working on the program for the concert . 
 i had great hopes that mrs. leever would join us in our plan to save the church . 
 our walk to the choir room was uneventful this time . 
 there was no cat paw in the way , no trap to set off and happily , no drama . 
 when we got to the hole , faith ann was already playing `` how great thou art . '' 
 i took that as my cue to enter singing . 
 the three of us walked in and i looked up . 
 i was shocked and stunned . 
 there was faith ann at the piano , mrs. leever was sitting next to her on the bench and in the folding chairs sat three older men . 
 campbell whispered to me that one of them was bob leever . 
 i continued to sing and when i finished the first verse , the three men clapped . 
 that was a good sign . 
 `` my little mice friends , i can see that my wife and granddaughter were telling me the truth . 
 you are real and to be more honest , i like your idea and your bravery . 
 it takes a lot of courage to come out from behind that wall and show yourself to us . 
 i want to hear your plans and that is why i brought along the deacon board . 
 if we like what we hear then we will okay it right here and now , '' bob leever said . 
 mrs. bee leever crouched down in front of us and asked me who my friends were . 
 i introduced campbell and lily . 
 mrs. leever placed her hand near lily and asked her to jump on . 
 she talked to her as she raised my sister up and onto the back of the upright piano . 
 `` you are the cutest little thing . 
 i want you to sit up here by faith ann and me . 
 would you like a piece of cookie ? '' 
 lily nodded her head up and down enthusiastically . 
 so far , this meeting was moving along quite well . 
 i stood in front of the three deacons and explained how we had just moved here with our pastor and his wife , and how much i hated new sunday school classes . 
 i think the three men were surprised to hear about the mouse sunday school class that took place at the same time as their classes . 
 i told them about catsby and then i explained about the concert . 
 `` judachew , i have been in this church from the time i was a newborn baby , '' bob leever said with a smile on his face . 
 `` my mother had been in this church since she was a baby , and her dad helped to build this very building . 
 i do not like the bishop 's plan to sell it , but we all knew that we did not have the money to save the property . 
 i sat up the last few nights praying that god would provide a way to save our building . 
 i do believe that god has answered my prayers . 
 i vote to give this concert a chance to save the church we all love and sacrificed for . '' 
 the other two deacons nodded their heads yes . 
 mrs. leever turned to me and spoke , `` faith ann said that you need a piano player . 
 sign us both up for that . 
 we will do everything we can and i will get the ladies auxiliary to make anything else you need and prepare refreshments for after the concert . 
 they will all be made from corn , of course , since it is the great corn harvest festival that day . '' 
 campbell jumped up and down with excitement yelling , `` we are going to save our church ! '' 
 faith ann looked at me and said , `` judachew , this is very strange but i think i hear her saying ` we are going to save our church . ' 
 is that possible ? 
 is she a singing mouse , as well ? '' 
 `` it is my understanding that when people have faith and hope then miracles happen , '' i told faith ann . 
 `` i think you now have faith and hope and soon the whole church will have it . '' 
 chapter 12 the next few days were filled with activity for both the human and mouse church members . 
 we had to prepare for both the gleaning and the concert . 
 faith ann , mrs. leever and i spent hours picking out songs for the concert . 
 faith ann had some great ideas for costumes and thought maybe some of the mice from my sunday school class would enjoy being in the show . 
 we decided to have them do a dance number while i sang . 
 ethan was the only one who did n't agree to it . 
 it was n't that he was disagreeing with it , he was just too busy listing out foods that were made with corn . 
 i asked him and his answer was , `` corn salsa , corn mush , corn chowder , corn casserole , corn ... '' i stopped practice long enough to watch the mice make copies of the poster . 
 it was very ingenious how they hoisted up the lid of the copier with a string and pulley system . 
 four of them scurried across the glass , slipping on the smooth surface , falling , then standing again until they got the poster in the correct place . 
 elsie got the job of jumping up and down on the green button . 
 copies of the poster spit out of the machine . 
 as they did , four of the mice rolled it up and handed a copy off to those who were going to post them . 
 holding the two top ends , two mice would run up a telephone pole while another carried chewed off strips of tape to each corner . 
 before the day was finished , our little mouse brigade had covered the small iowa town with one hundred announcements for the corn harvest festival concert starring me , the singing mouse . 
 by evening i could hear the kind villagers talking about it as they strolled by the church building . 
 if everyone who said they wanted to come arrived for the concert then it would be standing room only . 
 the next day was a beautiful indian summer afternoon . 
 my sunday school class decided to gather under the green , leafy , big bush in the front of the church building . 
 we watched humans walk by chattering about the harvest work they were doing . 
 several of the teens were walking slowly after working long days in the corn fields detasseling the corn . 
 i laughed at that and asked izzy , never to be called dizzy izzy , what detasseling was . 
 `` you city boys do n't know much , do you ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` the tassel is the top of the corn stalk . 
 it is like a flower . 
 the teens go out in the fields , pull off the tassels and throw them on the ground . '' 
 `` why do they throw them away like that after doing all that work to pull them off ? 
 it does n't sound real smart to me , '' i retorted . 
 `` they do it so the pollen from one type of corn will pollinate the seeds from another type of corn and create a healthier and better tasting corn . 
 they did n't teach you that type of thing back in new york ? '' 
 izzy questioned . 
 i shook my head no but was stopped in mid-motion by the sight of a large , luxury limousine as it pulled in front of the church . 
 the bishop struggled to get his body out of the car while wearing his large , tall pointy hat . 
 he stumbled as he exited the car but a hand reached down and steadied him . 
 it was the man who owned all the cats . 
 he roughly dragged the bishop over to the poster for our concert that was taped to the pole in front of us . 
 `` how do you explain this , you little weasel . 
 you already have my down-payment and from the looks of that big , new pointy hat , you spent most of it already . 
 what are you going to do about this ? 
 my cats are ready to move in and now those wretched , fuzzy mice are doing a concert to save the building . 
 who gave them permission to do this in my building ? '' 
 the cat man growled . 
 `` technically , the church members still have possession of the building . 
 i do n't think a concert with a stupid mouse is going to stop our plans . 
 i have been thinking about this problem as my chauffeur drove me over here . 
 i believe there is a way to turn this whole concert into a great corn festival fiasco . 
 i believe you are in possession of large number of cats . 
 am i correct ? '' 
 the bishop said . 
 as he said the word cat , the great catsby strolled up slowly and silently behind his master . 
 he listened intently while the bishop continued his plan . 
 `` what do you think would happen if a hundred cats showed up for a mouse buffet ? 
 there would be mice of every size . 
 thin ones , chubby ones and of course , this singing one would be there just ready to be caught and eaten . 
 can you take care of that ? 
 can you get your legion of felines to come to a room full of delicious , delectable mice ? '' 
 emily gasped . 
 her sound reached catsby 's ears . 
 he quickly swiveled his head and looked straight at me . 
 the cat flashed a large grin so i could see his sharp teeth , then he drew a fat , bruised and swollen talon across his neck . 
 he was indicating that the concert would be my last day on this planet . 
 chapter 13 the cat man rubbed his stubbly chin . 
 his ice cold , blue eyes looked hard at catsby and then he turned his face back to the bishop and spoke . 
 `` i have an additional idea . 
 according to some of my cats , the mice spend this coming saturday gleaning the fields after the harvest . 
 they run back and forth across the church 's back lawn all day long . 
 the cats can leisurely snatch up a mouse every few minutes until their little cat bellies are stuffed full of mouse goodness . '' 
 catsby 's smile grew even larger as he heard this . 
 `` that sounds like indescribable fun and a grand show to watch . 
 if i was n't out trying to steal another church building to sell , then i would love to come and observe , while sitting in my big , red velvet chair with a bowl of popcorn . 
 let me know how that works out . 
 if it does n't then put my plan into action . 
 you 'll have your new cat hotel the following sunday , '' the bishop said as he slithered back towards his luxury limousine . 
 catsby turned to me again and rubbed his belly . 
 he wanted me to know that it was he that would catch me . 
 i was ready to take the battle to him , right then and there . 
 i took two steps towards the edge of the bushes when ava caught my arm . 
 `` do n't do it . 
 we can outsmart them instead of fighting them , '' she said . 
 ava was right . 
 all we needed was a good plan . 
 unfortunately , i did n't have one . 
 that night my sunday school class reported everything we had overheard to the mouse families of our church . 
 a few possible ideas were presented but none of them caught our attention as being able to save project ruth . 
 finally , ethan stepped into the center of us all and sad , `` do you realize that if there is no gleaning then i ca n't eat all those marvelous corn dishes ? 
 that is not acceptable . 
 i have an idea that i think will work . '' 
 his plan was crazy . 
 it was outlandish . 
 it sounded like the ravings of corn-fed lunatic but more than that , it sounded like it could work . '' 
 `` '' ethan 's plan may put project ruth back on track but it still left us with the horrible thought of a hundred cats showing up at the concert to disrupt the presentation , '' said carissa . 
 `` i feel like we jumped from the frying pan into the fire . '' 
 all the mice nodded their heads in agreement . 
 i could see their excitement and faith draining from their bodies . 
 we needed another plan to take care of the enemy , cat battalion a second time , if we survived their first attack . 
 my classmate john had a solution . 
 `` we need to get lucky , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't think luck is what we need . 
 we need hope , faith and prayer , '' i retorted . 
 `` i do n't mean luck . 
 i mean lucky . 
 tomorrow judachew and i are going to see my friend , lucky . 
 he will be exactly what we need , '' john said . 
 john and i made plans to visit with lucky the next day . 
 he told me no more about his friend nor about our visit . 
 i was left guessing . 
 john and i left early the next afternoon to go see lucky . 
 we did n't arrive at his place of business until we hit the edge of town . 
 i had no idea who lucky was or even what lucky was . 
 `` here we are , '' john said . 
 `` this is where lucky works . '' 
 we were standing in front of a junk yard . 
 there were cars spread all over the ground along with battered , old refrigerators and rusting metal parts from any number of items . 
 i was looking all around when i heard a horrible , vicious growl that made me jump in the air . 
 my eyes pivoted to a large , unkempt , dirty dog with a patch over a blind eye , minus one leg , most of his teeth gone and one chewed off ear . 
 i gulped until john said , `` judachew , this is lucky . '' 
 i did my best to hold back a laugh . 
 if this dog was lucky then who needed bad luck . 
 i cleared my throat and reached out a paw to greet him . 
 lucky reached out his but i noticed that it had no toes . 
 i could restrain myself no longer , i had to know . 
 i asked , `` why do they call you lucky ? '' 
 the junk-yard dog motioned with his upturned paw towards all that surrounded him . 
 `` just look at this paradise that god gave me to live in . 
 i get to chase away thieves and stray cats all day long . 
 plus , i have got great friends . 
 every dog in the village is my friend and john , here , is one of my best friends . 
 he 's not a bad guy , for a mouse , would n't you say ? '' 
 `` when you put it like that then i have to agree . 
 you are one lucky dog , '' i agreed . 
 it made me think . 
 maybe i needed lucky 's attitude . 
 he saw the world around him as a gift from god . 
 i needed to do the same . 
 `` lucky , we need your help , '' said john . 
 `` just tell me what i need to do and you will get my help . 
 let 's go sit in the shade of that old mini-van and have few bites of dog food . 
 you do like dog food , do n't you , judachew ? '' 
 lucky said with a wink from his one good eye . 
 i had never tasted it before but i was sure it would be fine . 
 i was wrong . 
 after john explained his idea , which i heard for the first time , lucky lapped up a mouthful of water from an old hubcap , as he pondered the proposition before he spoke . 
 `` let me make sure that i understand what you are asking of me . 
 you want me and all my ruffian , dog friends to sing in a choir at the church . 
 that is the craziest idea i have ever heard . 
 are you sure they will let an old , junk-yard dog into church ? 
 i mean , i am not one of those holy , holy dogs or one of those pretty , french poodles . '' 
 `` i think judachew would agree with me when i say that church is not just for the saints . 
 it is also for the sinners , '' john told lucky . 
 it was a very touching statement . 
 john was absolutely right . 
 `` if ruffian , old dogs like me can come then you can expect the meanest , roughest dogs in the community to be there and in your choir . 
 john , what you just said meant a lot to me . 
 maybe there is hope for a junk-yard dog , '' lucky told john . 
 we left the junk yard a few minutes later . 
 i turned to my classmate as we walked back to the church and said , `` what you said to lucky was very true and your idea was fantastic . 
 i ca n't wait to see what happens when the people see that . 
 this is going to be quite a show . '' 
 `` i knew he would do it but i did n't want anyone to know . 
 if the word gets out then it will ruin my surprise . 
 do you have a song that you want them to sing with you ? '' 
 john asked me . 
 `` i have the perfect number and it will have the effect we want . 
 this is a brilliant plan , '' i told him while slapping him on the back . 
 he was to be congratulated for this key missing element . 
 on friday night , all the mouse families gathered , as was their tradition , to have one last meal from last year 's gleaning . 
 the kids were playing games and the adults sat around swapping stories from project ruth gleanings in the past . 
 the older boys were showing off their muscles to make sure everyone knew they could carry the heavy baskets of corn kernels across the field . 
 the little boys looked up to them and idolized their abilities to run and carry the baskets . 
 last year 's winner for carrying the most baskets challenged all the new carriers for this year . 
 he said he would carry more than all of us put together . 
 he would most likely win that bet since he was bigger and faster than any mouse i had seen before . 
 i decided to go to bed early since i was one of the new basket carriers that was just challenged . 
 i wanted to make sure that i held up my end along with my sunday school classmates . 
 chapter 14 the sun had just peaked over the freshly harvested field of corn . 
 it was the morning of our great gleaning in the corn field . 
 i could hear the others scurrying as fast as their little mouse feet would carry them . 
 i gave one big yawn and was out my bedroom door heading for the baskets . 
 as i got to the hole heading outside there was a blockade of mice . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 `` cats everywhere . 
 there are cats everywhere you look . 
 they are hiding but our look out on the roof can see them . 
 if we race out now it will be the end of our community . 
 ethan , i know you had a plan but it is n't working , '' called back ava from the very front . 
 `` watch the air and you will see our winged friends coming in to save the day , '' ethan called from somewhere over on my right side . 
 finally , we heard it . 
 flocks and flocks of crows came in like a thick , black cloud , cawing and screeching . 
 their claws were filled with great clumps of plants . 
 i did n't know what type of plant until i saw the reactions of the cats . 
 each one was different but some leaped in the air , some rolled around meowwing , others laid down and chewed the plant as it dropped in front of them . 
 `` the crows have delivered a wild crop of catnip . 
 those cats will be occupied for hours then take naps . 
 we will have all day to work , '' ethan yelled out . 
 the mice cheered and raced for the corn field . 
 i had my basket on my head and ran as fast as possible towards the now harvested stalks of corn . 
 when i got to the edge i was stunned . 
 there before me lay a golden sea of juicy corn kernels just waiting for us to pick them up . 
 it would be enough food to feed mice the worldwide , i thought . 
 i filled my first basket and raced back to the storehouse , dumped it and ran back for a second . 
 i must have made ten trips before i heard the call to stop for breakfast . 
 i was tempted to fill my belly with the excellent tasting foods but i knew that would only slow me down . 
 i ate enough to give me strength then grabbed my basket and went back to the gleaning . 
 on my twenty-ninth basket i felt exhaustion wash over my muscles . 
 i needed a break and my pace had slowed from a run to a walk . 
 that was when i noticed the large , teen mouse , who carried the most last year , running by me at full speed with two baskets in his arms . 
 he looked over at me and called out , `` we all have our gifts and our place in the community , judachew . 
 this just happens to be mine . 
 there will be another break in a minute or two . 
 you can catch your wind and then catch up to me . '' 
 i still felt tired but his encouragement made me want to move on . 
 this went on all day . 
 i would fill a basket , run it to the storehouse and then run back to the field . 
 as the sun made its last gasp over the church steeple , we had gathered the most corn ever . 
 i was the last one to come across the church yard . 
 i was too tired to even think about dinner or an evening celebration . 
 my mind was already climbing into bed while my body trudged through the blades of grass carrying my heavy-laden basket . 
 i was n't watching for the catnip had worn off on a few of the cats . 
 one of those cats was the great catsby . 
 i was looking down when i ran right into the furry , gray fiend who had moved to block the hole in the wall that entered the church . 
 `` well , well , well , if it is n't the little mouse that sings . 
 i wonder if singing mice taste better than regular church mice . 
 i guess a cat will never know until he eats one . 
 i feel terrible about this . 
 i know you are tired . 
 it would be fair for us to have this little get together on a day when you are more lively but no one ever said that i was fair , '' catsby said . 
 `` you are right . 
 i am tired but somehow , i just got my second wind . 
 i have a church full of wonderful mice friends that are counting on me . 
 you may win but i wo n't go easy , '' i told him as i dumped my basket of corn on the ground , leaped into the air and crammed it down on his head . 
 catsby struggled to get it off but i had cut off his line of vision . 
 maybe i was a little too confident because i did n't run for the hole . 
 i walked slowly with my head held high and my shoulders back . 
 i expected cheers and i thought i heard them but it was the other mice screaming for me to run . 
 it was a mistake to turn my back on catsby . 
 i was two steps from the opening when i felt his paw come down heavy on my tail . 
 the next thing i knew was me dangling in the air by that tail of mine . 
 catsby walked back into the yard holding his prize up so all the other cats could see me . 
 `` hey , you cool cats , look what i have . 
 this is a special , singing mouse . 
 he thought he could save the church and now i am going to save him for my evening meal . 
 what do you think , cats ? 
 or do you think i should just eat him now ? '' 
 `` now , now , now , '' rose up from the collective voices of the cats . 
 `` i ca n't hear you , cats . 
 should i eat him now ? '' 
 catsby yelled in order to taunt me . 
 `` now , now , now , '' came back the louder response . 
 chapter 15 the cats were so focused on me and the great catsby that they did not see what was coming . 
 i looked up to see faith ann marching like a seasoned soldier across the yard with a broom in her hand . 
 catsby 's back was to her , and he never saw the first swing as the broom connected to his head . 
 i could swear i saw stars spinning around his skull like in a cartoon . 
 he released my tail and i thudded to the ground . 
 the great catsby thudded next to me . 
 he was knocked out cold . 
 one of the other cats pounced for me but faith ann was there with her broom again . 
 that cat was caught in mid-air . 
 it was a home run hit for my human friend . 
 i did n't wait around for another cat to make me his catch of the day . 
 i was up and ran harder than ever before until i reached the hole in the wall . 
 i went skidding in and would have hit the other wall hard if my dad had n't reached down and grabbed me . 
 `` nice of you to join us , son . 
 that was fortunate for you that faith ann was here practicing and saw what was going on . 
 you need to go upstairs and thank her , '' he said , `` and find out if she would play on the mouse baseball team next season . 
 she is definitely a clean up batter with that broom . '' 
 i laughed at dad 's joke but he was absolutely right about her swinging ability . 
 i walked to the choir room and peaked in . 
 faith ann was sitting alone . 
 she was shaking . 
 i spoke softly to her , `` thanks for saving my life out there . '' 
 `` oh , judachew , i just do n't know what is happening . 
 i have always loved cats but ever since this cat man came to town , even my little kitty at home is getting mean . 
 what is happening to our town ? 
 `` then this bishop potentate , who should be leading us with christian values and godly guidance , sells the building and keeps the money . 
 i do n't know where he gets his theology from but my bible does n't say that people come to god because bishop potentate has a big truck with his name on it . 
 i do n't see god in what he is doing . 
 i do n't understand , at all , '' she said through a stream of soft tears that rolled down her cheeks . 
 i jumped up next to her and patted her hand before saying , `` if we can save the church then i think we can turn things around . 
 when we were in new york , the pastor had some people who worked hard to make his life miserable . 
 at the darkest time in the pastor 's life , they attacked even harder . 
 his good leadership and christian heart got us all through that period . 
 i wonder if he would help by pastoring the church after we save it next week . '' 
 she smiled for the first time in our conversation and thoughtfully asked , `` do you think he would help us get this church back on track ? 
 bishop potentate 's sermons are totally against everything i have heard before from the bible . 
 we need our church back and we need a good pastor . '' 
 `` i will ask him tomorrow morning and thanks again for saving my life , '' i told her . 
 her face seemed a bit brighter when i left the room . 
 i knew that i had to talk to the pastor . 
 he wanted to retire now that his wife was feeling better . 
 it would have to be his decision but i wanted to see if he could help in some way . 
 by the time i got back to our group of mouse homes , most of the younger mice had gone off to bed . 
 the mother mice were cleaning up the storage area and the path to it . 
 project ruth was successful and now we had enough food to last for the whole winter . 
 the only thing blocking our peaceful wintery season was whether or not we would be living here in this church . 
 when i walked in our house , i found my dad seated in his big , comfy chair . 
 `` did you talk to faith ann and thank her ? '' 
 he asked with half closed eyes . 
 `` i did but she was very sad tonight . 
 she made me think about how to really save this church . 
 dad , even if we save the building , we have not saved the church . 
 the church need 's a pastor and the best pastor i know lives next door . 
 do you think he would listen to me and you about taking over the church until they can afford a new pastor ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` judachew , although his wife is getting better , she still needs lots of extra care and attention . 
 i do n't think he will have time . 
 on the other paw , it is worth a try . 
 we can talk to him after the service tomorrow . 
 the human congregation has asked us mice to join them in the fellowship hall for a luncheon . 
 that alone is a true miracle . 
 maybe the pastor will agree , '' dad said . 
 `` now , let 's get some sleep . '' 
 i slept well . 
 my body was tired and my mind tired , too . 
 i slept like a tiny , baby mouse . 
 when morning came , i jumped out of bed and got ready quickly . 
 i had a great sunday school class to attend . 
 i sure loved my new sunday school class . 
 mr. dospencer tried to lead our lesson on one of the old testament stories . 
 we were n't very cooperative . 
 the whole group of us were excited about having lunch with the humans , the great harvest the day before and the concert coming in just a few days . 
 he did his best but we were all too focused on other things . 
 he finally gave up trying to teach the lesson and asked , `` so , tell me all about the concert . '' 
 campbell was the first to speak . 
 `` it is now more than just a concert . 
 all of us in this class are part of a song and dance number . 
 our mothers are working on real costumes for us . 
 this is going to be so much fun . 
 i heard some of the songs that judachew is singing and they sound great . '' 
 `` the community is talking about it . 
 the posters will draw a big crowd , '' xavier added . 
 `` i sneaked downtown and listened to the humans talk about our upcoming show . 
 i believe we are going to save the church . 
 i am excited . '' 
 mr. dospencer rubbed his chin . 
 he had a questioning look on his face . 
 there was a question or a problem that he was thinking about . 
 finally he asked , `` there is a rumor that the cats are going to disrupt the concert . 
 how do you plan to stop that ? '' 
 john looked over at me and i looked at him . 
 john said , `` oh , i think we have that potential problem taken care of . 
 the cats will find out that they are not very welcome . '' 
 he started to laugh and so did i . 
 the others looked at us like we were crazy but when the concert comes they will be laughing as well . 
 our class ended and we all sat in the balcony during the service . 
 mr. leever spoke . 
 he talked more about the concert and what the congregation needed to do . 
 i grew more encouraged as he spoke . 
 i felt like the members , both human and mouse , were coming together for a common goal . 
 i now saw why god moved us all the way to iowa , even though i did n't want to leave my home and friends . 
 i was seeing god 's plan more clearly now . 
 the luncheon was a joyous affair . 
 my little plate was piled so high with food by mrs. leever that if i ate it all , i would not be able to fit through the door of our mouse house . 
 i ate all that i could then scurried over to an empty chair next to our pastor from new york . 
 i wanted to present my case . 
 i had thought about how to say the words that would make the pastor see the vision of what was needed . 
 `` last night i was thinking that we could actually save the building , but we would n't be saving the church . 
 the church needs a pastor . 
 they need some godly guidance instead of the bishop 's teachings , '' i said as convincingly as i could . 
 `` judachew , i met with the deacons this morning and we talked about it , '' the pastor said . 
 at that moment , his wife moved up behind me and leaned down low so only i could hear her . 
 `` i told him to go ahead and do it . 
 he misses teaching the bible and i miss being able to criticize his messages . '' 
 `` wow , '' i said with a giant smile on my little mouse face . 
 `` and , little mouse , i have a bone to pick with you . 
 why in the world have you not asked me to sing our song together ? 
 i am not that ill and i want to do what i can to save the church building . 
 when do we practice ? '' 
 she added . 
 `` i will come over tomorrow morning , '' i told her . 
 my smile kept getting bigger . 
 she patted my tuft and said , `` i will make your favorite pancakes for breakfast . '' 
 the pastor 's wife turned to some of the other women and i crawled down off my chair . 
 i could n't wait to tell campbell the good news . 
 i did n't see her anywhere . 
 i asked the others where she went . 
 ava said she was n't feeling well and needed to get some air . 
 i could n't wait to tell campbell the good news that we could really save the church . 
 i raced to the hole at the back of the church . 
 i saw her but i did n't like what i saw . 
 the great catsby already had her in his claws . 
 he stared straight at me and smiled . 
 `` i am not going to eat her . 
 instead , i will exchange her for you . 
 meet me tonight in the alley behind miller 's shoes . 
 i will let her go but you will surrender yourself to me and my cat legion . '' 
 catsby then walked away . 
 i heard his evil laugh as he left the yard . 
 chapter 16 i fell to the ground . 
 i was completely defeated . 
 i had no choice but to trade myself for her . 
 i got the whole group of mice into this mess and now i alone would have to get us out of it . 
 the ground felt cold on my little mouse form . 
 the whole world felt cold at that point . 
 something touched me . 
 i looked up to see my entire sunday school class behind . 
 emily spoke , `` we all saw what just happened . 
 this is not how it ends , judachew . 
 we will get her back and the concert will go on . '' 
 `` i wish i had your faith . 
 i feel like this is all my fault . 
 i have brought the anger of these cats down on all of us . 
 it would have been better if i had stayed in new york , '' i told them . 
 `` sure . 
 i agree , '' elsie said sarcastically . 
 `` then we would have no hope of saving our homes , our church , our sunday school and who knows what else . 
 quit talking like that and let 's come up with a plan to save campbell and you . 
 your class owes that much to both of you . '' 
 emily shyly stepped forward , `` when everyone else was coming up with ideas to scare the cats away . 
 i had one , too , but i thought the others were so much better than mine . 
 maybe they were n't better . 
 maybe it is just time to try mine , now . 
 as they say , there is more than one way to skin a cat , '' she said . 
 i got up from the ground and looked seriously at her then said , `` if the idea comes from you then it will be a good one . 
 you are one of campbell 's best friends and she knows she can trust you . 
 tell us your idea . 
 we do n't have a lot of time to pull it off . '' 
 `` it is an easy one . 
 what is it that cats like better than mice ? '' 
 emily asked . 
 `` fish , '' said elsie `` if xavier could do one poster inviting all cats to a free fish fry that starts at the same time that judachew meets catsby then they will leave him standing alone . 
 that leaves all us mice against one cat , '' emily said . 
 `` catsby still wo n't be afraid of just us mice . 
 he will just eat us all , '' said izzy , never to be called dizzy izzy . 
 `` oh , wait a minute , are you thinking what i am thinking , emily ? '' 
 `` i think so , '' said emily . 
 `` could you tell the rest of us , girls ? '' 
 asked john . 
 `` nope . 
 just rest assured that when the time comes alida will take care of the great catsby , '' emily remarked . 
 `` you mean that trick i do at the slumber parties . 
 oh , yeah , that will work but i need to get prepared for it . 
 come on ava , let 's get ready to make catsby a real scaredy cat , '' alida said as she and ava left the hallway . 
 `` can you have that poster ready by then , xavier ? '' 
 emily asked but there was no answer . 
 he had already gone back to his art studio . 
 as dusk started to fall , three of my classmates climbed the telephone pole outside of miller 's shoes to hang the poster . 
 moments later the first cat sat in front of it and read the words : to thank all the cats the town is holding a free fish fry at lucky 's junk yard right now ! 
 all the fish you can eat !!! 
 i have heard the expression that some things are harder to do than herding cats . 
 well , they never had emily 's idea because all the cats that were heading towards the alley spun around , and ran , in unison , towards lucky 's junk yard . 
 once they got there , i was sure that lucky would give them a warm welcome . 
 i strolled down the alley to the back of miller 's shoes . 
 there stood catsby holding a very frightened campbell by the tail . 
 she was struggling to get loose while yelling to me , `` run , judachew , run ! '' 
 instead i stood my ground trusting that alida 's slumber party trick , whatever it might be , would scare the great catsby . 
 `` i did n't think you would show . 
 i am glad that so many of your friends came , as well . 
 my fellow cats are waiting to help me clean up and get rid of all you rodents . 
 this town is not big enough for both cats and mice , '' he boasted . 
 `` i do n't see your friends , catsby . 
 maybe they are scaredy cats ? 
 let 's see all your friends , '' i taunted . 
 `` you asked for it , little mouse . 
 come on out , cats . 
 show these mice that we mean business , '' catsby said with big , toothy grin . 
 nothing happened . 
 no purrs . 
 no meows . 
 he looked around with surprise written on his face . 
 `` cats ! 
 dinner is served ! 
 the mice are here . 
 come and get yourself a mouse for dinner . '' 
 still nothing . 
 we mice moved slowly until we had catsby surrounded . 
 now was when we needed alida to pull off her trick but i heard and saw nothing . 
 catsby looked down at me and said , `` well , i guess i will have to eat all you mice by myself . 
 i am not afraid of mice . '' 
 i looked around for alida . 
 she was hiding behind a garbage can with a half finished bottle of soda pop . 
 i did n't know what was going to happen but it had to happen now and it did . 
 `` woof ! 
 woof ! 
 woof ! '' 
 came three of the loudest burps i had ever heard . 
 more amazingly they sounded just like a dog barking . 
 this was the most perfect surprise of the day . 
 i looked at catsby 's face and saw him form one word , `` drat ! '' 
 before dropping campbell to the ground . 
 he ran at record speed to get out of the alley . 
 the mice gathered around campbell , giving her hugs and high-fives . 
 i walked over to alida and said , `` i owe you one . '' 
 she looked at me and said , `` well , it is n't quite the same as singing but it is a special talent that not many mice have . 
 judachew , you owe me nothing . 
 we are a family . 
 you use your gifts and i will use mine to save our church . '' 
 campbell walked up to us . 
 `` i guess i can tell my future baby mice someday how i was saved by a belch , '' she told alida as she hugged her for a long time . 
 then she turned to me and scolded , `` i told you not to come . 
 i told you to run . '' 
 she smiled and said `` but i am glad you did n't listen to me . '' 
 she hugged me . 
 a girl mouse was hugging me . 
 i was so embarrassed but also glad that she did n't kiss me . 
 then she did , right on the end of my nose . 
 my nose blushed to a bright red . 
 oh , no , i was becoming rudolph , the red nosed mouse . 
 chapter 17 the rest of the week was spent in preparation for the concert . 
 my classmates worked on their dance routine . 
 faith ann , mrs. leever and i worked on our songs and mr. leever polished off the short appeal he would make to the guests at the concert . 
 the women 's auxiliary sewed a curtain for the front of the sanctuary . 
 i would not tell anyone why i needed a curtain but it would be our show stopping number , or rather our cat stopping number . 
 as we were putting the finishing touches on one of the songs , a reporter showed up from the local newspaper . 
 she wanted to interview some of the participants for an article that would be in the great corn harvest edition of the paper . 
 faith ann told me that it would be good advertising and that i should be kind and sweet to the reporter . 
 the reporter asked a lot of questions about how i got my name and my singing gift . 
 we talked about that but the question that surprised me the most was about the sale of the church building . 
 the reporter wanted to know why we were continuing to hold the concert even though the building had already been sold . 
 i was sitting on a table 's edge in front of her and almost fell off . 
 we paused our discussion so i could ask mr. leever to sit in with us . 
 once he was part of our conversation i asked her to explain her question . 
 that afternoon , the reporter spoke with both the cat man , who wanted to turn the church into a cat hotel , and bishop potentate . 
 both had told her that the contract was already signed giving the building to the cat fancier . 
 mr. leever was shocked that the bishop would sell the building after promising the congregation they could buy it . 
 i watched bob leever 's face turn white as the blood drained from it . 
 he was physically upset . 
 he got up and left the room . 
 i looked at the reporter and told her , `` the entire congregation heard the bishop promise that we could purchase the building and that we had until this sunday . 
 there will be a great corn harvest festival concert this saturday night . 
 at that concert , we will raise the money to buy this building back from the bishop and his group . 
 this town and the people who live here are honest folk who love what is right and they will make sure that the right thing is done for this congregation . '' 
 the news of the church sale had spread through the human and mouse congregations . 
 people and mice felt betrayed . 
 the life and spirit had gone out of our production . 
 many felt that we should just scrap the idea and start moving things out of the building . 
 mrs. leever spent her days on the telephone calling everyone to bolster their faith and to keep with the plan . 
 it was decided that there would be a meeting on friday night before the dress rehearsal . 
 all members of the congregations , both mouse and human , sat together to hear mr. leever . 
 he was passionate about continuing with the plan for our concert . 
 most people agreed with him on that but another of the deacons stood and spoke . 
 `` brothers and sisters , we have done all that we can . 
 the contract has been signed and turned in at the court house . 
 the truth is that we have been lied to from the time the bishop was appointed to run the churches in this area . 
 two weeks ago , he stayed true to his character and once again did not tell us the truth . 
 we have no recourse but to leave this building but , with god 's grace and help , we are going to end our time as one church body with the greatest show this town has ever seen . '' 
 a few in the congregation clapped then more joined in . 
 moments later more joined in and finally the whole room was clapping harder and harder . 
 the pastor finally stood and spoke , `` as most of you know , i have agreed to pastor this church part-time until you can afford a new pastor . 
 when i said yes , last week , i had no idea it would be for only one week but i need to talk to you . 
 when everything looked gloomy and it seemed like the end in new york , god did a miracle . 
 if you ask me , god is still able to do miracles . 
 i would n't be surprised if a miracle happened right now and ... '' the pastor was interrupted as the back door to the church swung open and an old man , walking with a cane , stepped into the well-lit sanctuary . 
 i had no idea who it was and why he was there . 
 i was praying though that it was the miracle we needed . 
 chapter 18 as everyone looked at the old man , he paused and caught his breath before he spoke . 
 `` i tried to hurry to make your meeting but my legs no longer run , in fact they barely walk . 
 i am so sorry to interrupt your meeting , '' he said . 
 `` how can we help you , judge zachary ? '' 
 mr. leever asked of him . 
 `` you ca n't help me , but after reading the article in today 's paper , i decided to review the contract for the purchase of this property . 
 there were several irregularities on it . 
 i did n't recognize the witness , a mr. great catsby , to begin with . 
 who is this catsby ? 
 does anyone know ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` he is a cat , your honorship , '' faith ann said . 
 `` just call me , judge , little faith ann . 
 as i was saying , cats do not make legal witnesses . 
 so , i checked a little further into the deed . 
 it seems that bishop potentate must have complete approval of the deacon and trustee boards of this church in order to reassign ownership to anyone else . 
 i will have to rule that this document is not legal . 
 `` of course , i will have to wait until monday to inform the bishop . 
 therefore , if the money is raised saturday night and the deacon and trustee boards vote to sell it back to the congregation on sunday , sign the necessary paperwork and turn it into me on sunday , then it will be your legal possession by the time monday arrives . 
 you will have to excuse me , but i need to get home , cheryl is making corn chowder tonight and i never miss her corn chowder , '' the judge said before turning and walking back out the door . 
 `` never underestimate god , '' the pastor said . 
 at that point the whole church exploded with shouts of joy . 
 the only thing left to do was to raise the money . 
 from the talk around town , i knew we would have the large audience we needed , but i also knew , too , that neither the bishop , nor the cat man , nor the great catsby would simply let us hold the concert . 
 they would try to stop it . 
 saturday morning came . 
 the sun was bright and faith ann , her grandmother and i were going to practice our songs one more time . 
 after breakfast , i hurried over to the sanctuary . 
 as i entered the sanctuary i heard faith ann scream loudly . 
 i raced inside as she pointed to the curtains . 
 they were ripped to shreds by what appeared to be claws . 
 catsby and his gang of cats must have sneaked in during the night and clawed the curtains . 
 faith ann 's grandmother delivered the rest of the bad news . 
 her sheets of music had also been clawed into long pieces of useless paper . 
 `` what do we do now , nana ? '' 
 the young girl asked . 
 `` we play it by ear , '' she responded . 
 `` the three of us know all the songs . 
 we just play them by ear . '' 
 `` i ca n't , '' said faith ann . 
 `` yes , you can . 
 sit at the piano and judachew start singing a song . 
 faith ann , just close your eyes and see the music , '' nana encouraged . 
 we both did as she said and the songs came out fine . 
 faith ann was smiling until she looked at the mangled curtains . 
 `` the curtains are still in shreds . 
 we will never get them sewn by tonight . '' 
 `` i think we can , '' i said . 
 `` how ? 
 it takes hours to sew and it took us two hours just to hang them . 
 who in the world could do all that by tonight ? '' 
 faith ann retorted . 
 `` i know a group of seamstresses that sew fast and will work on the curtains where they hang . 
 that will save us two hours right there . 
 the project will be done by the concert tonight . 
 mrs. leever , can you buy us several dozen spools of thread and the same amount of small needles . 
 i will go round up the mice that will fix it by this evening . 
 we have come this far and we will see this through , '' i said as i left the room to get the mouse version of the women 's auxiliary . 
 it was ava 's mother that took over the project . 
 she taught each of the mice on the team the stitch to use . 
 they began at the bottom and climbed up the shredded curtains stitching the sections back together . 
 it was a long and tedious job but i heard them singing as they worked . 
 they finished the project about ten minutes before the doors opened . 
 our little mouse usherettes stood on pedestals and chairs handing out programs to the people streaming in . 
 the pews filled quickly until the men of the church had to bring the chairs from the fellowship hall in to accommodate the still arriving crowd . 
 the balcony had been unused for a decade , except by us mice , and now people were crushed together on the steps that climbed to the roomy balcony . 
 soon it was full as well . 
 every chair in the building had someone in it . 
 still people were coming . 
 the deacons opened the church windows and more people sat lawn chairs outside . 
 the response was greater than any of us anticipated or ever dreamed possible . 
 bob leever had just walked to the microphone in the middle of the stage when there was a thunderous commotion at the door at the rear of the church . 
 `` make room for me . 
 do n't worry because i have brought my own chair . '' 
 the bishop had arrived and was pushing the townspeople out of his way . 
 `` get out of my way , you rotten child ! '' 
 he screamed as he shoved an eight-year-old girl against the wall . 
 chapter 20 the bishop pushed his way in further , but ninety-nine year old pastor leclaire , the bishop 's secretary , was struggling to get the now enlarged and fully lighted , red velvet chair through the narrow aisle between the sitting and standing concert goers . 
 `` out of my way . 
 do n't you know who i am ? 
 ca n't you read the side of my truck . 
 i am very important . 
 i am bishop potentate , '' he said in an irritated and self-righteous manner . 
 the people did n't seem to care who he thought he was or about his obnoxious self-importance . 
 the bishop looked at the front of the sanctuary that had been redesigned as a concert set . 
 he pointed and demanded , much like a spoiled child , `` that is where my chair goes . 
 who put their stuff where my chair goes ? 
 i want my spot for my chair . 
 i want my spot for my chair , now ! 
 if i do n't get my spot for my chair then i will hold my breath . '' 
 many of the people who had come were offended by his actions until one of them misunderstood , thought the bishop was a comedy act and started to laugh . 
 then others laughed as well . 
 i quickly jumped to the microphone and said , `` ladies and gentlemen , let 's have a round of applause for the comedy stylings of bishop potentate . 
 could a few of you help him with his chair ? 
 you can place it behind all the others on the lawn . 
 the bishop continued to stomp his feet and whine but at this point everyone was laughing at him . 
 that is something that should have been done a long time before . 
 bob leever started his introductions again . 
 he thanked everyone for coming and explained how the church was trying to save their building . 
 after his short comments , faith ann started to play . 
 the applause was loud and appreciative when i finished that first song followed by the pastor 's wife and i singing our duet . 
 we were about to unveil our big production number with my classmates dancing behind me . 
 although , many people were surprised and some were shocked that four girl mice , wearing dresses and bows in their hair , were placing the programs in their hands , none were frightened or upset . 
 most of the woman attenders commented on how pretty and polite they were . 
 no one felt compelled to jump on a chair and yell `` mouse . '' 
 but i was not sure if they were ready to see mice dancing . 
 i was about to find out how that would go over with this very receptive crowd . 
 i looked over at faith ann and mouthed the words , `` hit it ! '' 
 she played the keyboard and my classmates filled the stage with acrobatic and contemporary dance . 
 i did n't expect the reaction to it . 
 the audience stood and clapped , cheered and whistled . 
 it was the hit of the show so far . 
 i looked back at the other mice as they heard the people 's appreciation . 
 each one had a grin as big as their hearts . 
 i was proud of what we had done . 
 as the number finished we all bowed . 
 i motioned again towards the other mice and the crowd broke into applause again . 
 as i came up from my second bow , i noticed a new audience . 
 across the balcony railing , along the center aisle and up the side aisles , close to one hundred cats hat slinked in without notice . 
 i pointed them out to faith ann and nodded to john that it was time for our super big , show stopping number . 
 `` ladies and gentlemen , i can not tell you how much i appreciate your being here . 
 i ask that you indulge me in doing a favorite , old song . 
 it is often played at weddings and parties because it is such a fun song . 
 in order to do it justice , i invited a guest choir to join me in singing this wonderful , popular hit . '' 
 i started into the first verse as the shredded and re-sewn curtains were pulled back to reveal lucky and his canine friends . 
 i sang , `` who let the dogs out ? '' 
 the dog choir answered , `` woof , woof , woof , woof , woof . '' 
 `` who let the dogs out ? 
 `` woof , woof , woof , woof , woof . 
 by the time i went into the third `` who let the dogs out ? '' 
 the audience was cleared of cats except for one . 
 the great catsby had been all the way to the front and did n't notice the others had left him alone , once again . 
 i motioned for him to turn around and look . 
 he did , then slowly rotated himself back to me . 
 i heard him say over the song , `` drat ! '' 
 before slinking backwards , as if he was trying to be invisible , toward the door . 
 the audience was up singing along with the song by the time we finished . 
 this time the applause was thunderous . 
 lucky and his friends did n't stay around long . 
 they bolted for the back door and soon the night air of the town was filled with angry barks and frightened meows . 
 we had come to the end of the concert . 
 i had one more song to sing but bob leever needed ask for donations to save the church building . 
 he spoke to the people , `` this has been quite a night , has n't it ? 
 you heard a television star who is also a singing mouse , watched mice dance , witnessed the first dog choir and now you wonder how and why this all happened . 
 for many years , we humans had no idea that families of mice lived behind these walls . 
 they held their own sunday school classes . 
 they listened to our sermons and sang along with our songs . 
 we worshiped together for years but had no idea they existed . 
 it was n't until a little singing mouse and his family , who is part of our new pastor 's family , moved here . 
 we learned from mice how to have a simple and real faith . 
 we ignored that too long and ignored what this church was called to be . 
 it was almost too late for us and in fact , it will be too late for us , if we do n't raise enough money to buy our church back . 
 if you help us , then we promise to be the kind of community church that you can turn to when you have questions about faith or just need a friend . 
 our offering plates are going to pass through each row . 
 please do whatever you can because , as you can see from our singer tonight , that small things do matter . '' 
 by the time the offering plates returned to bob leever , they were full , dumped and full again . 
 i knew that god had done a miracle that night and our church building was saved . 
 more than that , the meaning of what it meant to be a church had been rediscovered . 
 we turned the lights down low and i sang my last song , `` how great thou art . '' 
 as it finished , i felt a very joyful spirit throughout the people who were slowly heading to the fellowship hall for refreshments . 
 i smiled as i watched the mouse and human congregations praise god for saving their building . 
 lily rushed out of the side of the wall and hugged my leg . 
 `` we did it and even me , little lily , got to be a part of it , '' she said . 
 `` yes , you did , lily . 
 you are the best little sister in all of iowa , '' i exclaimed as i hugged her back . 
 `` just iowa ? '' 
 she joked . 
 `` i stand corrected . 
 you are the best in the whole world . '' 
 she grinned with her mouth and eyes and hugged me harder . 
 mom and dad strode over and wrapped their paws around me followed by my sunday school class . 
 campbell looked at me and smiled before asking , `` so , do you still hate new sunday school classes ? '' 
 i could only smile while i shook my head no , an emphatic no ! 
 about the author tim ayers is a pastor , author , cartoonist and most of all a grandfather . 
 he is best known as the `` pen '' behind the spinechillers mysteries series published by thomas nelson publishing under the pen-name fred e. katz . 
 his other books have covered a variety of topics in both fiction and non-fiction . 
 the judachew series began as a way to produce a christmas story each year but has developed as a tool for helping children find new ways of expressing themselves when facing difficult situations . 
