 letting go carrie lange copyright carrie lange 2013 published by orca music publishing at smashwords thank you for downloading this ebook . 
 this book remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes . 
 if you enjoyed this book , please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer . 
 thank you for your support . 
 all proceeds from the sale of this book will be donated to the national suicide prevention lifeline . 
 help is available 24/7 . 
 www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org 1-800-273-talk -lrb- 8255 -rrb- please visit the author 's website , which is dedicated to suicide prevention and grief support . 
 there you can contact her directly www.littleblogoflettinggo.com or on any of her social networks . 
 twitter facebook tumblr please consider leaving a review and sharing information about this book on your social networks . 
 word-of-mouth is crucial for any author to succeed , and would be greatly appreciated . 
 if you want to be notified when the author 's next book is released , sign up here : http://eepurl.com/asakz you will only be notified of new releases , your email address will never be shared . 
 you can unsubscribe at any time . 
 cover design by mark atteberry isbn : 148208077x asin : b00c9kx2ju cover design copyright © 2013 mark atteberry cover image based on angel of grief , an 1894 sculpture by william wetmore story which serves as the grave stone of the artist and his wife at the protestant cemetery in rome . 
 table of contents beginning prologue part 1 part 2 part 3 part 4 part 5 about the author dedication acknowledgements prologue the darker the night , the brighter the stars , the deeper the grief , the closer is god ! 
 ~ fyodor dostoyevsky , crime and punishment ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ march 3 , 2000 -- indianapolis , indiana dead end . 
 dead quiet . 
 dead weight crushing his soul . 
 dead . 
 dead . 
 dead ? 
 why not . 
 dan 's hand trembled , along with the tanto , fixed-blade tactical knife he held . 
 a volatile mix of excitement and terror rolled through his body in a wave that crashed into his churning stomach . 
 the reflection of candlelight glimmered along the seven inch steel blade , enchanting him with its promise of release . 
 a muffled thu-thu-thump pricked his ears . 
 he turned toward the front door of his apartment . 
 had someone just fallen down the stairs ? 
 ears ringing with silence , he tightened his grip on the handle and pressed the knife edge against bare skin . 
 he closed his eyes and imagined . 
 white skin . 
 red blood . 
 deep breath . 
 the faint sound of someone crying interrupted his thoughts . 
 `` damn it , '' he whispered , turning once more toward the door . 
 what 's going on out there ? 
 now that everything was ready , he could not be delayed . 
 this moment might not come again . 
 or he might chicken out next time . 
 he had done that enough already . 
 not again . 
 dan looked back down at the blade resting against his left wrist , digging in just enough to crease the skin . 
 ready to pounce . 
 the feeble crying paused momentarily as the crier took a choking gulp of air . 
 he sighed and shook his head . 
 putting the knife down , he went to the door . 
 he did n't see anyone on the other side of the peep hole , but the sound was unmistakable . 
 someone was out there . 
 opening the door , he saw a woman lying in a shivering heap in the hallway in front of his neighbor 's door . 
 the harsh fluorescent light of the hallway contrasted with the subtle candlelight of his apartment causing him to squint . 
 `` hey , are you okay ? '' 
 he walked over , kneeled beside her and touched her shoulder . 
 startled , she flinched and looked up at him , blue eyes shimmering with tears . 
 he knew her , had chatted with her in the hall a few times . 
 she was probably in her late twenties , like him . 
 slim and attractive , she could never be interested in him -- a fat guy with a hairline that was already receding . 
 besides , he had been fairly certain she was in some sort of relationship with the man who lived upstairs . 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 she hung her head , tears sliding down her face and landing on the back of her hand with a tiny splash . 
 she wiped her wet hand across her face and snuffled . 
 `` uhh ... no . 
 i 'm fine ... thanks . '' 
 `` are you sure ? 
 you do n't look fine . '' 
 long blonde hair cascaded around her face as she put her head on her knees which were drawn up close to her body . 
 the metallic clunk of a door opening upstairs broke the silence . 
 her head jerked up , eyes wide with fear as she started to scramble down the hall on hands and knees . 
 trying to both run and get up at the same time , she reminded dan of the many horror film damsels he had watched futilely try to escape from crazed killers . 
 he looked back through the open door of his apartment , his eyes lingering on the glint of hand-sharpened steel . 
 he had been so close . 
 was this a sign , after all ? 
 was the universe trying to tell him something ? 
 god ? 
 no . 
 he did n't believe in god . 
 but he did believe in signs . 
 did n't he ? 
 christ , he was already starting to chicken ou -- -- the stairs creaked . 
 dan 's eyes flicked up toward the sound . 
 a desperate kind of compassion mixed with fear for the woman quickened his pulse . 
 `` come on . '' 
 she did n't resist as he scooped up her small frame . 
 he carried her into the apartment and put her down on the sofa . 
 `` lock the door , '' she whispered . 
 he returned to the door and bolted it . 
 voices floated through the hollow steel panels . 
 `` is she gone ? '' 
 a woman asked . 
 `` yeah , she ran off , '' a man responded . 
 the man who lived upstairs . 
 laughter . 
 retreating footsteps . 
 silence . 
 the sharpening stone lay on the table in front of her , the knife beside it . 
 glancing at it , dan knew his moment was gone . 
 this was a sign . 
 sitting right in the middle of his apartment . 
 was n't it ? 
 he turned his focus back to the woman and sat next to her . 
 the vibrations of her trembling body as she quietly sobbed , traveled through the sofa cushion and into his heart . 
 he started to reach out for her , but stopped and lowered his hand . 
 `` are you hurt ? 
 do i need to call an ambulance ... or the police ? '' 
 `` n-n-no . '' 
 her teeth chattered . 
 `` i 'm f-fine . 
 i 'm j-just c-c-cold . '' 
 outside , a frozen mixture of snow and sleet swirled around in the gusting winds of a typical indiana winter evening . 
 dan lived on the third floor , and the heat from the two apartments below rose up into his own . 
 seldom did he even have to turn the heat on . 
 the apartment was warm , yet a blue-ish tinge shaded her lips . 
 `` you 're in shock , '' he said , removing the knife and stone from the table , hoping she had n't even noticed them . 
 he retrieved a blanket from the bedroom and draped it over her shoulders . 
 he sat beside her again , rubbing the cloth on her back in an effort to warm her up , uncertain what to do next . 
 `` i 'm dan , '' he said , still not having the simple courage to introduce himself as `` daniel '' , the name he preferred . 
 `` dan '' , he had become , sometime between childhood and manhood . 
 it happened gradually , stealthily , to many of the boys . 
 jonathans became johns , michaels became mikes , daniels became dans . 
 he wished he had held onto his name . 
 he wished he had the courage to take it back . 
 maybe daniel would have been a stronger man . 
 she looked up , her eyes darting away when they met his . 
 `` i 'm anne . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` hey , we rhyme . 
 anne and dan . '' 
 she did not reply , but sat hunched over , slowly rocking back and forth , the crying subsiding , replaced more and more by the soft tapping of her teeth chattering . 
 wow , that was lame . 
 he realized the lights were still off . 
 shadows of candlelight danced on the walls . 
 dan took his hand off her back , and moved his body away from hers , suddenly self-conscious about being so close . 
 not knowing how to ease her shock or warm her up , he hopped up and headed for the kitchen . 
 he flicked a switch , and yellow light flooded the dark places in the small , yet tidy apartment . 
 on the formica counter sat a bamboo eight bottle wine rack , various colored bottles of reds and whites filling the slots . 
 above the rack , from the matching under-cabinet stemware rack , hung four wine glasses . 
 dan had discovered a passion for wine many years before . 
 it became part of his spirituality . 
 when he drank good wine , he tasted the soul of the earth . 
 when he inhaled the rich , tangy scent , it filled him with the very essence of the universe . 
 `` how ` bout some wine ? 
 it 'll do us both good . '' 
 he grabbed a bottle of ` 98 rosemont shiraz and two glasses . 
 returning to the living room , he sat opposite her , on the other sofa . 
 `` wine is good for the soul , you know . '' 
 the dark red fluid flowed out with a soft chug-chug-chug . 
 the bottle pulsed gently in his hand , like the rhythm of a heartbeat . 
 the fruity , yet woody aroma carried the flavor through his nostrils and over his taste buds . 
 when he looked up , her eyes briefly met his , and darted away again . 
 `` n-no thanks , i hate w-w-wine . '' 
 `` does n't matter . '' 
 he extended the glass toward her . 
 `` have some anyway , it 'll warm you up . '' 
 she looked at him . 
 a little crinkle formed between her eyebrows and a small ember sparked in her eyes , which seemed to warm her face slightly . 
 she pushed the glass away . 
 `` no , th-thank you . 
 i do n't like wine . 
 i can only d-drink it with ice in it , and i 'm too cold for that . '' 
 her eyes did not dart away when she looked at him this time and the stuttering had diminished . 
 dan saw the inner fire of her strength rising up and warming her . 
 he needed to get her a little more fired up , though . 
 she might walk out the door , but at least she would not crawl . 
 besides , if he got rid of her now , he could get back to the real business he had intended for this evening . 
 the universe was n't trying to tell him anything . 
 that was an absurd notion cooked up by his weak and wavering mind . 
 how predictably pathetic . 
 the universe was as cold and soulless as the mythical god rumored to have created it . 
 dan smiled . 
 `` how awful . 
 you ca n't drink wine with ice in it . 
 and red wine must be at room temperature . 
 i bet you 've just never had good wine before . 
 i think you 'll like this . '' 
 he extended the glass to her once again . 
 the crinkle became a scowl . 
 she cocked her head , and one corner of her mouth . 
 the slight flush on her face grew , and touched her blue lips . 
 dan chuckled . 
 `` i tell you what . 
 you try my wine , and if you do n't like it , i 'll put some ice in it . '' 
 he tilted the glass toward her and winked . 
 why could n't the self-confident man he projected to the world , be the real dan , he wondered ? 
 why did he always have to pretend ? 
 he gripped the stem of the glass more tightly , as he half expected her to slap it from his hand . 
 the crinkle between her eyebrows melted away . 
 she reached out and took the wine in shaking hands . 
 `` f-f-fine . '' 
 she sighed and took a drink , her eyes shining as she watched him over the rim of her glass . 
 dan looked at his empty , outstretched hand . 
 what the hell ? 
 he shook his head slightly , and lowered his hand . 
 people did n't often surprise him . 
 now what was he supposed to do ? 
 they drank together in silence for a few moments . 
 her body relaxed . 
 the pink color returned to her lips . 
 she leaned back on the couch and smiled . 
 `` what do you know , you 're right . 
 this is good wine . '' 
 part 1 `` and they lived happily ever after ... '' i wish that was how my story ended . 
 that 's how the publishers and movie directors would end it . 
 a man , on the brink of suicide , rescues a damsel in distress . 
 they look into each other 's eyes , fall madly in love and ... well , you know the rest . 
 yes , our eyes met that night , and we did fall madly in love . 
 anne said i saved her life , but it 's not true . 
 the truth is , she saved my life that night although she never knew it . 
 sometimes love can save you ... but not always . 
 i wish i had told her that . 
 life is kind of like a story . 
 it 's hard to make up for a bad beginning . 
 but what about a bad ending ? 
 can you make up for that ? 
 i 've been dead for two months now . 
 at my funeral , someone said that my suffering was finally over and i had found peace . 
 what a load of crap . 
 everyone wants a reason , spelled out in black and white . 
 i wish i could give them one . 
 mental illness . 
 a disease that i would n't accept , would n't treat . 
 when i was alive , i would n't even say the words - clinical depression . 
 `` everyone gets depressed ... '' i heard it all the time , hell i even tossed that phrase out myself . 
 marginalizing all those with clinical . 
 suicidal . 
 depression . 
 it was a great way to marginalize myself at the same time . 
 society taught me to do that from a young age . 
 stand over someone who is freezing to death and say , `` hey everyone gets cold sometimes ... '' look down at a child starving to death and say , `` hey everyone gets hungry sometimes ... '' `` hey , everyone gets depressed sometimes ... '' we , the suicidally depressed , are even marginalized by the clinically depressed . 
 `` i 've been there , '' they say . 
 `` i struggle with it every day . 
 i know what it 's like . '' 
 like a cancer survivor who thinks they know cancer . 
 they know cancer treatment . 
 they know survival . 
 but they do n't know dying . 
 they have n't felt it standing over them , curling around inside them , breaking them , pulling them away from everything they have ever known or loved . 
 they do n't know the utter helplessness of inevitable death approaching . 
 they do n't know the pain of end stage cancer , nor the release of finally letting go . 
 that 's where we are . 
 we , the suicidally depressed . 
 we are in the end stage of clinical depression . 
 we are dying . 
 yet , unlike a cancer patient who is gently encouraged to let go when his battle is lost and his pain unbearable , we are told to hold on . 
 and when we no longer can , we are hated , laughed at , looked down upon . 
 the cancer patient who dies becomes a hero . 
 we become an embarrassment . 
 a shameful thing to be hidden away . 
 it 's easy , now . 
 to look back and see my brain for what it was . 
 a damaged physical organ which controlled my every thought , emotion , sensation , reaction , memory . 
 it controlled my ability to make rational , logical decisions . 
 i could have gotten medical treatment for the damage , but like a rape victim , i was ashamed to admit the truth to anyone . 
 ashamed of myself , blaming myself , hating myself more and more every day . 
 trying to stuff it down deep inside so that no one would ever know ... after my death , i watched my loved ones shove the pain , the guilt , the shame , the self-hatred , down deep inside themselves . 
 i watched anne put a loaded gun to her head . 
 that was like being trapped inside a burning room . 
 that pain was like fire , and there was no way to escape . 
 it made me want to run and scream and shake somebody . 
 as much as i wanted to be with her , i did n't want her to die like that . 
 i wanted her story to have a happy ending . 
 but , as someone much wiser than myself once told me - in death , just like in life , you do n't always get what you want . 
 ~ dan chapter 1 may 21 , 2001 -- nashville , tennessee dan stood in his apartment watching himself dying on the couch . 
 a moment ago , he had been inside his body . 
 putting a gun to his right temple , he had pulled the trigger without hesitation . 
 he had told himself he would not hesitate or he might chicken out . 
 how could i have been so stupid ? 
 he thought now . 
 when he pulled the trigger , a white flash of light exploded in his head and caught fire . 
 people who shot themselves in the head were supposed to die instantly and painlessly , but this was neither . 
 the noise and pain blasted through his body . 
 survival instincts that slumbered before came alive and screamed at him . 
 stay awake ! 
 stay awake ! 
 but his life force slipped away , just as the gun slipped away from his uncurling fingers and fell to the floor with a dull thunk . 
 as his body grew colder , the blood running down his face seemed to grow warmer . 
 with each exhausted blink , the world became darker and quieter . 
 `` shhh . '' 
 someone whispered in his ear . 
 a soft hand like satin touched his forehead . 
 a warm breeze moved over his skin and closed his eyes . 
 fractured pieces of his life flashed before him . 
 smiling faces , grasping hands , the smell of cotton candy , the taste of warm sweet potatoes , fresh sheets on smooth skin . 
 the images sped past him , as he slowed down . 
 he tried to reach for them , but a heavy weight pushed down on his chest and arms , paralyzing him . 
 the hand slipped down , caressing his cheek . 
 soft lips brushed his ear . 
 `` shhh . '' 
 the images of his life raced away from him , into the distance . 
 `` let them go . '' 
 anne 's smiling face came last . 
 her final words to him echoed and hung in his thoughts . 
 `` call me as soon as you get home . '' 
 `` let her go . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 a surge of hot energy rose up through his arms . 
 he swatted at the whisperer in his ear , and pushed the silky hand away , opening his eyes . 
 he stood in front of a man slumped over on the couch . 
 like waking from a dream , disorientation clouded his perception and he did not recognize the man . 
 he touched his head . 
 no holes , no pain , no blood . 
 it had been a dream . 
 his smile faltered when he looked again at the man on the couch and realized it was his own body . 
 reality came sharply back into focus . 
 the body on the couch was still alive . 
 bile rose in his throat . 
 dan struggled to swallow the acidic lump , as he watched the shallow rise and fall of the body 's chest . 
 the arms and legs made small , twitching movements . 
 blood trickled out of holes on either side of its head in a weakening rhythm , the rhythm of a heartbeat . 
 somewhere , dan had read that when the blood stops flowing , it means the heart has stopped beating . 
 the quickening rush of adrenaline lanced through him like a hot knife . 
 when the body on the couch died , what would happen to him ? 
 would he suddenly blink out ? 
 would the blackness and non-existence that he had longed for come to pass ? 
 he did not want that any more . 
 all thought of what had driven him to self-destruction vanished , and the eternal , instinctual , struggle for survival ignited anew within him . 
 dan tried to get back inside the body , but when he reached out to touch it , his fingers were stopped by the solid flesh of its arm . 
 reaching out with both hands , he aimed for the center of the body and rammed himself forward . 
 his hands collided with the firm , warm chest . 
 his fingers squished in slippery blood which covered the cotton fabric of the shirt . 
 under the blood , and the fabric , and the flesh , another sensation , almost imperceptible -- thu-thump ... thu-thump ... thu-thump ... the faintest tremor of a heartbeat . 
 dan looked down at himself . 
 should n't he be hovering , or invisible , or at least transparent , or vapor-ish ? 
 but he looked normal ... whole . 
 chest , arms , legs , all the way down to his feet , which were planted firmly on the floor . 
 walking toward the phone , he watched his feet . 
 yes , they behaved just as feet should , one foot in front of the other . 
 the vibration of each foot 's impact with the floor rose up through the bottom of his feet , and into his legs . 
 he picked up the phone . 
 the hard plastic felt cool against his ear . 
 the dial tone hummed . 
 this was not what he expected . 
 maybe there was still time to save himself . 
 he reached down to dial the numbers , 9-1-1 , but the phone sat in the cradle . 
 he looked at his hand . 
 empty . 
 grabbing the phone again , he slammed it to his ear . 
 the hard plastic bit into his flesh . 
 he looked down to dial the number . 
 the phone sat in the cradle . 
 over and over he desperately tried to use the phone . 
 it always ended up back where it had started - sitting in the cradle . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 he shouted , his breath coming in ragged bursts . 
 he took a deep breath and walked back to the couch on weak legs , hands shaking . 
 he kneeled in front of the body and looked at the pale face . 
 all the pinkish color of life had drained out of it , and onto his couch . 
 the arms and legs had stopped moving . 
 the chest was still . 
 the blood no longer flowed . 
 dan bowed his head and tears fell from his eyes as he tried to prepare himself for the end that he thought would come at any moment . 
 this is my fault . 
 i 'm only getting what i deserve , what i wanted . 
 how could i have been so stupid ? 
 nothing happened . 
 he looked up . 
 no lights . 
 no angels . 
 no tunnels . 
 no burning fires of hell . 
 the fear of imminent loss of consciousness began to subside . 
 his cheeks puffed out as he released the breath he had been holding in a long , windy gust . 
 now what ? 
 dan had n't believed in an afterlife before . 
 now that he was apparently here in it , should n't he be moving on to heaven ... or to hell ... by now ? 
 or was he to become a restless spirit , doomed to haunt the living ? 
 maybe he should pray . 
 he had n't prayed since childhood , and it felt awkward and insincere as he tried it now . 
 already kneeling , he clasped his hands together and closed his eyes in the familiar posture of a desperate man . 
 `` dear god . 
 it 's me , dan . 
 i 'm sorry it 's been so long since i prayed ... and i 'm sorry that i have n't believed in you ... i. . . 
 i 'm sorry that i just killed myself ... '' this is so stupid , he thought , and then cringed . 
 what if god could hear his every thought ? 
 `` wait , i 'm sorry ! 
 i did n't mean that ! 
 it 's not stupid . 
 it 's just ... i do n't know what i 'm supposed to do ... i need help . '' 
 he opened his eyes and saw that the dead body was still before him . 
 the tiniest bit of stark reality began to icily wend its way into his mind . 
 he looked at the body , surprised , yet relieved , that its brains had n't blown out . 
 i guess it does n't always happen like it does in movies . 
 the old revolver that dan had snuck out of his parents ' house lay on the floor . 
 it had belonged to his dad 's father , a cherished memento . 
 dan had wondered if it would even fire . 
 the ancient gun did n't have the power to send skull and brain fragments flying , although there was an awful lot of blood . 
 it had flowed down his face in streams of crimson , settling around the body and in the crack between the sofa cushions . 
 the small crushed bullet lay on the floor near the couch . 
 i suppose it was my skull that crushed it . 
 imagining the trail of destruction the bullet had seared through his brain , dan tried his prayer again , with renewed conviction . 
 `` god , please forgive me . 
 i had no idea what i was doing . '' 
 but , that was n't true , and god would know it , would n't he ? 
 he had known exactly what he was doing . 
 willfully and intentionally killing himself . 
 was n't that a sin ? 
 was this his ` hell ' ? 
 to stand here for all eternity ? 
 in nashville ? 
 the cold truth now began pouring over all of his senses and he shivered . 
 a whisper of a voice floated through his thoughts , directionless . 
 `` i 'm here to help you . '' 
 `` hello ? '' 
 dan looked around the room . 
 `` is someone there ? '' 
 `` yes , i 'm here . 
 i 'm here to help . 
 just stay calm and try to focus on the sound of my voice . '' 
 dan could n't tell if it was a man or woman , or where the voice came from . 
 but the cold , trembling fear that had been nestling in his stomach and chest was instantly washed away by a hot wave of relief . 
 it coursed through him and stung his eyes , bringing tears of joy and the sudden , almost instinctual words of gratitude from his lips . 
 `` thank god . 
 where are you ? 
 am i dead ? '' 
 `` i 'm here with you . 
 do n't worry , you 'll see me soon enough . 
 and yes . 
 you 're dead , '' the voice answered matter of factly . 
 dan panicked instantly , looking around to find the source of the voice . 
 `` what ? 
 what did you say ? 
 how can i be dead ? 
 i feel fine . 
 i ... i think i can get back in there ... '' while he had been alone , he had remained somewhat calm , able to distance himself from the reality of the situation . 
 now that someone else was with him , confirming his worst fears , the proverbial flood gates opened and a tide of emotions flowed through him like a battered cliché . 
 `` oh , give me a break , '' the voice said . 
 `` just what the hell did you think would happen when you put that bullet through your brain ? 
 did n't you want to die ? '' 
 dan hesitated . 
 yes ... i did want to die . 
 but that did n't matter now . 
 he had made a mistake . 
 `` i-i ... i do n't want to die . '' 
 `` well , '' the voice answered in a gentler tone , `` you will find that in death , just like in life , you do n't always get what you want . '' 
 chapter 2 as dan stood , staring at his own corpse on the couch in front of him , he tried to focus on the words of the newcomer . 
 the voice was becoming louder , it sounded as if it were in the room with him now . 
 maybe it 's an angel , sent to help me ... but it sounds kind of like ... an asshole ... he thought about one of his favorite movies , ` dogma ' . 
 in that movie , alan rickman played an angel who had been both condescending and compassionate , just as this voice seemed . 
 the more dan thought about it , the more the voice sounded like that angel . 
 it was a man 's voice . 
 it sounded british . 
 `` i can hear you , '' dan said , `` but i ca n't see you . 
 where are you ? '' 
 `` i do n't have a body , '' the voice answered , `` so you 're going to have to picture me in your mind . 
 close your eyes , and try to relax . '' 
 dan closed his eyes , and pictured the angel from ` dogma ' whom this voice sounded so much like . 
 a middle-aged man with dark hair and eyes . 
 a distinguished british look with a subtle , almost sneering smile . 
 `` just listen to the sound of my voice , and imagine what i look like , '' the distinctly smooth , rich voice continued . 
 the image of the angel solidified . 
 that ca n't be right . 
 is he dead too ? 
 when he opened his eyes , alan rickman stood in front of him . 
 dan took a step back . 
 `` oh my god , it is you . '' 
 alan shook his head . 
 `` no , no , no . 
 i assure you , whoever you think i am , i 'm not . 
 you do n't know me . 
 you just thought of someone ; put a face to a voice , and now -- poof . 
 here i am . '' 
 he motioned to himself . 
 `` i do n't have a body , so i do n't really look like anything ... and neither do you . '' 
 dan looked down at himself . 
 `` yes , '' the man who was not alan said , `` you still see your body , but you are no longer attached to it . 
 you 've left it behind on that perfectly dreadful couch over there . 
 you 're just seeing the memory of yourself . '' 
 `` i-i - '' dan stammered , looking from himself , to the body on the couch , and back to the man standing next to him . 
 `` you really do look exactly like him . '' 
 `` well , do n't worry about it . 
 you did n't look anything like yourself when i first saw you , either . '' 
 `` oh yeah ? 
 who do i look like ? '' 
 `` well ... like yourself now . 
 i can see you over there . '' 
 he nodded toward the couch . 
 `` but when i first saw you ... you looked like someone else entirely . '' 
 the man walked over to the body and leaned in close to the head , examining the bullet holes . 
 `` what a mess . '' 
 turning back to dan , he shrugged . 
 `` oh well , i 've seen far worse . 
 i do n't suppose you bothered to call 9-1-1 before you did it ? '' 
 dan wilted . 
 `` uhhh ... '' he had given no thought to what would happen after . 
 there was n't supposed to be an ` after ' . 
 the stranger cocked an eyebrow . 
 `` i 'll take that as a no . 
 you know , it may be a while before anyone finds you . '' 
 dan shook his head , attempting to focus . 
 `` so . 
 who exactly are you ? 
 were you the one whispering to me before , when i was still in my body ... uh ... dying ? 
 are you an angel ? '' 
 the man laughed and the sound had an almost magical effect on dan . 
 a tiny tickle of euphoria raced up his spine and spread across his face , curling the corners of his mouth into a smile . 
 this was n't the voice of a mere human . 
 this must be the voice of an angel , perhaps even the voice of god himself . 
 the stranger shook his head . 
 `` no , i 'm no angel . 
 i 'm just a spirit , like you . 
 i was once alive , and then i died . 
 it was n't me talking to you when you were dying . 
 i only came here just now because i heard you calling for help . 
 praying to god , i think . 
 you can call me tar . '' 
 `` tar ? 
 what kind of name is that ? '' 
 `` well ... i did n't say it was my name . '' 
 tar began walking about the apartment , casually inspecting the contents . 
 he went in the kitchen and opened the refrigerator door , leaning over and rummaging inside , picking up items , examining them , setting them back down . 
 dan watched him curiously , wondering if the objects really moved . 
 he glanced at the phone momentarily , and shook his head , returning his attention to tar . 
 `` um ... my name 's dan . '' 
 he walked into the kitchen . 
 tar had closed the refrigerator door and now looked through the cabinets in a distracted sort of way . 
 dan shifted from one foot to the other , trying to remain patient , and cleared his throat . 
 `` eh-eh-em ... '' no response . 
 tar grabbed a bag of cookies from the cabinet above the stove . 
 he buried his face deep inside the bag and sighed with delight . 
 dan stepped closer to him , his patience wearing thin . 
 wondering if this ... person ... was here to help him , or not . 
 `` so . 
 is my body really dead ? '' 
 tar held the bag up to dan 's nose . 
 dan looked at him impatiently over the edge of the bag for a moment and then shrugged . 
 he inhaled deeply , the sweet , chocolaty aroma flooding his nasal cavity and mouth . 
 an earthy , rich aura of taste and scent poured over his face , down his throat and into his lungs . 
 it spread through his body and , as though traveling with it , dan felt the sensation of movement until he could inhale no longer . 
 never had he experienced such a feeling , and like with tar 's laughter , dan could only describe it as magical . 
 what was happening to him ? 
 with a shake of his head , and a sharply exhaled breath , he pushed the bag away . 
 `` is there a way for me to get back in there ? 
 inside my body , i mean ? 
 people survive gunshot wounds to the head all the time , do n't they ? 
 i 'm having an out of body experience , right ? 
 i 've heard of people who see themselves die , but then they go back in their bodies and come back to life . 
 ca n't i do that ? '' 
 tar put the bag down on the counter and sighed . 
 `` all right , stop right there . 
 look , i have absolutely no sympathy for you , '' here he paused and gave a slight shrug , `` well , maybe i have a bit of sympathy , and slightly less patience . 
 but if you want my help , there are a few things you need to accept right away . 
 okay ? '' 
 dan looked around for the bag of cookies . 
 `` okay . '' 
 he had seen tar put them down , but now they were gone . 
 he stepped back to see if they had fallen on the floor . 
 `` first of all -- -- '' tar slammed his hand down on the counter with a sharp crack . 
 dan blinked and looked up at him . 
 the cookies could wait . 
 when tar had dan 's full attention , he continued , `` no . 
 people do not survive gunshot wounds to the head all the time . 
 they almost always die ... just like you did . 
 your body is completely dead . '' 
 he pointed to the couch . 
 `` and it 's already starting to decompose . 
 neither emergency medical personnel , nor god itself could get your spirit back into that body . 
 you are n't having an out of body experience . 
 you do n't have a body anymore . 
 and the only reason your body is dead , is because you killed it , so it 's your own damn fault . 
 now , i am here to help you , but i ca n't help you get back there . 
 that 's all over now . 
 okay ? '' 
 they looked at each other , and dan realized it was his turn to speak . 
 `` okay ... i 'm sorry . 
 it 's just that ... i ... i 'm scared and i ... i do n't want to die . '' 
 he held both hands up . 
 `` i know , i know , i killed myself , and i know it 's my fault , but this ... this just is n't what i was expecting . '' 
 dan did not understand his feeling of hysteria and fear . 
 why , when he had wanted to die for so long , did he now want to live ? 
 `` it 's all right , dan . 
 i understand . '' 
 tar 's voice softened along with the hard edge around his eyes . 
 `` i know you 're scared . 
 but , there 's nothing here to be afraid of . 
 and i know you do n't want to be dead . 
 but you 're not really , you see ? 
 you 've just moved on to a different kind of life . 
 only that body over there is dead . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 dan did not , in fact , understand . 
 and he stood there dumbly for a few moments , unable to form cohesive thought . 
 nothing seemed real , although he knew it was n't a dream . 
 `` tar , '' he said , trying to focus on something , anything , that might help him form a connection with the life that now seemed so far away . 
 `` can i ask you something else ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 what is it ? '' 
 `` what happened to that bag of cookies ? 
 i know you set it down right here . '' 
 tar smiled and opened the cabinet door above the stove . 
 the bag of cookies sat right where dan had left it -- when he had been alive . 
 dan reached out to touch the bag . 
 everything depended on touching it . 
 it was a part of his life . 
 the life that , until recently , he had been a part of also . 
 grabbing onto it would be grabbing onto life , and he would never let it go again . 
 all else faded away . 
 this moment became for him like countless other times when , as a child , he reached for something new and exciting . 
 the reaching out became a thing all its own . 
 not quite knowing -- expectation , exhilaration , fear , wonder , and a certain kind of love for the object of his attention . 
 until he touched it , it had complete power over him . 
 after he touched it , its power always diminished . 
 his earliest lessons in disappointment . 
 just as it had been when he was a child , the tingle of excitement filled his lungs as he breathed . 
 the feeling was so palpable that his hand trembled and slowed in an effort to prolong the sensation . 
 he pushed all expectation aside , and simply reached for it . 
 a dull clunk echoed through the quiet apartment and a sting bit into the tips of his fingers as they collided with the closed cabinet door . 
 a steady , but not unexpected , feeling of disappointment rose up and caressed him . 
 the phone all over again . 
 had it all been illusion ? 
 the tingling in his lungs dissipated . 
 his arm grew heavy . 
 he lowered his hand and turned back to tar . 
 `` so . 
 what now ? '' 
 tar waited , letting dan have this moment with his disappointment . 
 perhaps he understood what that moment was all about . 
 `` well , that depends on you . 
 what do you want to do ? 
 are you ready to leave ? 
 or do you want to stay here and see what happens ? '' 
 to see what happens ? 
 dan could imagine his parents ' reaction , not to mention his fiancée , anne . 
 a sinking feeling pulled at his stomach and throat . 
 he suddenly wanted to sit down . 
 why had he been so blind before ? 
 and why did he see so clearly now ? 
 his head bowed with shame . 
 he could not face them again , even from death . 
 `` i do n't want to stay . '' 
 `` very well , `` tar said . 
 `` let 's get the hell out of here . 
 i also have no desire to stay . '' 
 he turned and began walking toward the front door . 
 dan started to follow him when the phone rang , the sharp trill cutting through him like a knife . 
 `` uhhh ... '' tar continued walking , not looking back . 
 `` leave it . 
 you ca n't answer it . '' 
 `` wait . 
 just let me hear who it is first . '' 
 tar stopped , turned to look at dan , and sighed . 
 `` all right ... i did n't really think it would be that easy anyway . '' 
 the answering machine beeped , and then , there she was . 
 anne . 
 her sweet voice filled his quiet apartment . 
 so alive . 
 so blissfully unaware . 
 `` hey you , are n't you supposed to be at work right now ... ? 
 dan ... ? 
 i just called you at work . 
 you should be there by now . 
 are you there ... ? 
 pick up the phone if you 're there ... all right ... well ... i guess you 're on your way . 
 i 'll try calling over there again . 
 talk to yoy later . 
 i love you , and miss you already . '' 
 `` well , fuck , '' dan said . 
 `` yeah , '' tar replied . 
 chapter 3 dan thought he was doing anne a favor . 
 he thought she would be better off without him . 
 looking around his apartment , at the blood and the greying body , he realized that this was no favor . 
 `` can we just stay for a little bit ? '' 
 he asked tar . 
 `` was that your girlfriend ? '' 
 `` she 's my fiancée . 
 we 're getting married at graceland . '' 
 an uncomfortable pause settled on the air . 
 the kind where one person looks at another person out of the corner of his eye , trying to determine if that person had noticed something , and hoping desperately that he had n't . 
 `` well ... i mean we were getting married at graceland . '' 
 `` of course , '' as if trying to divert attention away from the awkward moment , tar seemed suddenly interested in the pile of junk mail sitting on the kitchen counter . 
 his fingers slipped over the glossy surfaces . 
 the edges bent . 
 the paper crinkled . 
 dan 's ears tightened at the crackling sound . 
 the pages moved . 
 or did they ? 
 as dan watched , his sight became sharper . 
 each individual fiber of paper came into focus . 
 but after the fibers he could see , almost feel , something else . 
 what is that ... ? 
 he almost saw it -- -- `` do you think she 'll come over soon to check on you ? '' 
 tar asked . 
 dan blinked , and whatever it was that he almost saw , vanished . 
 `` no . 
 she 's four hours away , in indianapolis . '' 
 four months ago , he moved to nashville to start a new job as a website developer for the state of tennessee . 
 it would be a great opportunity , he had told her . 
 what he had n't told her was that he hoped it would give him the will to live . 
 her love had saved him before , but it was n't enough . 
 he could n't tell her that . 
 when starting the new job , as when starting their relationship , he had been hopeful . 
 this job would define him as a man . 
 this would save him . 
 it was evident almost immediately , however , that it could not save him anymore than anne could . 
 creeping anxiety , self-loathing , weariness , soon bored their way back into his mind and body . 
 an undefinable pressure pushed in from all around . 
 every day felt heavier . 
 some days he could barely move . 
 neither anne , nor the new job , had taken away his will to live , but he had expected both to give it back to him . 
 when they had n't , he finally lost hope . 
 `` we can stay for as long as you want , '' tar said . 
 `` although , i do n't know why anyone would want to stay in this god forsaken place . '' 
 dan 's attention snapped back to tar . 
 god , of course . 
 that must be the answer now . 
 god would save him . 
 god must be real , after all . 
 `` did god really forsake it ? '' 
 he asked , anticipation peeking back into his heart . 
 `` is there a god ? 
 what about heaven ? 
 will we go there ? '' 
 tar sighed , and then shrugged . 
 `` it 's just a figure of speech . '' 
 he walked over to the couch and sat next to the body , looking at it . 
 `` you know , it 's a simple answer , but as soon as i give it to you , you 'll just have more questions . 
 and there are just as many questions here , as there . '' 
 he nodded toward the body . 
 `` yes , there is a god , and no , it has n't forsaken the world . 
 is there a heaven ? 
 yes , i suppose so . 
 will we go there ? 
 well , i guess we are there . 
 right now . '' 
 `` this is heaven ? '' 
 dan asked incredulously . 
 `` in nashville ? 
 please tell me there 's more to heaven than this . '' 
 tar laughed . 
 `` there 's much more , dan . 
 more than you could 've ever imagined in that broken brain of yours . 
 i can take you to a place where there are no more questions . 
 but you have to let go of this mortal place , before you can move on to that one . '' 
 `` let go of this mortal place ? 
 how do i do that ? '' 
 `` i ca n't answer that for you , '' tar said , slowly shaking his head . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're holding onto . '' 
 that did n't make sense to dan . 
 just more mumbo-jumbo , psycho-babble bullshit . 
 was there no escape from it , even here ? 
 a tiny spark of anger ignited inside of him and burst to life . 
 he flung his arms out wildly and pointed at the body . 
 `` look at me ! 
 how could i let it go any more than that ? '' 
 tar raised an eyebrow and made that little , huffy exhale people make when calling bullshit on something someone else just said . 
 `` you did n't let it go . 
 you ran away from it . 
 there 's a big difference . '' 
 they glared at each other . 
 dan 's hands curled into fists and he clenched his jaw . 
 tar leaned back on the couch , smiling , and relaxed . 
 that smile , like tar 's laugh , like tar himself , radiated through dan . 
 he smiled back in spite of his anger . 
 besides , tar was right . 
 he had n't let go of it . 
 he already missed it . 
 like a tempermental child who runs away to live in the woods forever , he now wanted to creep back through the window hoping that no one had noticed his absence . 
 he let out a heavy sigh , marveling a little bit at the way he could feel the air rushing out of his lungs and over his lips . 
 should i be able to feel that ... he blinked and focused on tar again . 
 `` why do you even care about me , anyway ? '' 
 silence . 
 `` tar ? '' 
 tar tilted his head in an off-hand way . 
 `` you remind me of someone , '' he said , his smile fading . 
 `` who ? '' 
 tar only looked at him , his head cocked slightly to the side , his eyebrow raised as though daring dan to press the issue . 
 dan shook his head in resignation and sat down on the other sofa , half expecting to fall through it onto the floor . 
 he looked down at himself . 
 let 's figure out god first , then the laws of physics in the afterlife . 
 looking back up at tar , he said , `` if i do this . 
 if i ` let go ' of all this , will i meet god then ? '' 
 tar chuckled . 
 he was radiant in his perfection . 
 flawless , full of light . 
 tar had power and raw energy . 
 like a spark of electricity , it touched dan , and moved through his body , filling him with the sensation . 
 warmth , joy , peace . 
 dan expected tar to tell him at that moment that he actually was god , come to take him away from all this . 
 `` well , you know , dan '' , tar said . 
 `` god is n't an old man sitting on a cloud granting wishes to the righteous and punishing the wicked . 
 as a matter of fact , it is n't a person at all , or even a spirit like us . 
 god is ... like the ocean , and we 're the creatures living in it . 
 it surrounds us , protects us , gives us life . '' 
 dan was crestfallen , sure that this had been god , and that he was going to save him . 
 so ... you are n't god ... ? 
 really ? '' 
 no halo of light shone over tar 's head . 
 no wings sprouted from his back . 
 no choirs of angels sang over his shoulder . 
 he did n't wear a billowy white robe . 
 he wore blue jeans and a faded black sweat shirt . 
 but there was a certain quality of divine-ness , a more-than-human-ness about him that dan could n't define . 
 tar tilted his head back and laughed . 
 one of those full-bodied laughs that sends a shiver of joy through even the grumpiest of souls who hears it . 
 `` no , '' he said , his eyes still sparkling . 
 `` i told you , i 'm just like you . 
 i was a man once . 
 i died and came here . 
 i 'm a spirit , nothing more . 
 god is ... '' he looked up , searching for the right words . 
 `` ... much more . '' 
 `` are you talking about the tunnel and the light ? '' 
 `` well -- -- '' the staccato trill of the phone ringing again splintered the moment . 
 `` we can talk about god later , '' tar said with a wink . 
 the phone rang several more times over the next hour . 
 each time dan heard anne 's voice from the answering machine , echoing through the quiet apartment . 
 bouncing off the ear drums of the dead man on the couch . 
 she had a three-year-old daughter , alexandra , from a previous marriage . 
 the lilt of her sweet , baby voice stirred him , and he felt his first twinge of shame . 
 will she miss me ? 
 will she even notice i 'm gone ? 
 `` hey , dan . '' 
 alexandra giggled . 
 `` mama says you s ' pose to be at work . 
 get your butt up ! 
 out of bed , dan . 
 call us ! '' 
 with alexandra , he could relax . 
 she would direct him when they played , tell him what to do , what to say , even what to feel . 
 a bossy little thing , he loved her . 
 the longer he waited , he had told himself , the harder it would be on her . 
 if he was going to kill himself , it had to be while she was still young and would never even remember he existed . 
 he thought he was doing her a favor . 
 she would be better off without him . 
 the answering machine clicked as alexandra hung up , but almost immediately , the phone rang again . 
 it was dan 's friend , rick . 
 `` hey dan , are you there ... ? 
 hello ... ? 
 pick up the damn phone if you 're there ... you should have been here three hours ago . 
 where the hell are you ... ? 
 okay , well i hope you realize that anne 's really freaking out ... i 'm coming over ... dan . 
 you better not have done something stupid again . '' 
 they had been best friends since grade school . 
 rick worked with dan , had helped him land the job . 
 everything was supposed to be great . 
 a stable job doing what he loved . 
 working with his best friend . 
 beautiful , loving girlfriend who wanted to marry him . 
 why had n't it been enough ? 
 `` what 's he talking about ? '' 
 tar asked . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 what do you mean ? '' 
 dan answered . 
 `` i mean , the part about you doing something stupid . 
 again . 
 and why are they all so worried about you . 
 it has n't even been that long . '' 
 before dan could answer , the phone rang again . 
 `` listen dan , '' anne 's voice said . 
 `` your sister 's going be here any minute to babysit alexandra and i need to go to work ... you better be okay , because i do n't know what i would do without you ... if you 're listening , pick up the phone ... '' there was a heavy sigh , and then , `` damn it ... i should n't have let you leave here last night ... you told me you were glad to be alive ... you said everything was fine ... remember ? 
 nothing 's changed , right ? 
 listen i just want you -- -- '' the answering machine suddenly cut her off mid-sentence . 
 as anne spoke , tar had been studying the large section of carpeting that had been cut away from the floor . 
 a look of dawning seemed to be creeping over his face . 
 `` well , well , what 's this , then ? '' 
 he got up and walked over to get a closer look . 
 the carpet and padding had been removed down to the bare hard wood . 
 tar scrutinized the dark stain on the floor . 
 `` blood , i believe ... '' he walked back over to dan 's dead body , leaning over and examining the hands . 
 one long red slash was deeply embedded in each wrist . 
 tar shot him a withering look . 
 a rush of nausea and shame swept over dan . 
 he wished it would sweep him away into nothingness . 
 the phone rang . 
 `` okay , dan i 'll make this short before the machine cuts me off . 
 if you can hear me , just know that me and alexandra love you . 
 i 'm sorry i did n't call you last night , i was really tired . 
 if you do something stupid , i 'll just die . 
 i could n't live without you . 
 okay ... well ... i know i sound stupid and you 're probably just out driving around or something ... call me as soon as you get in . 
 i 'm going to work . 
 i 'm sure you 're fine , and we 'll laugh over this later . 
 i love you , dan . '' 
 tar never took his eyes off dan . 
 `` so . 
 second time 's a charm , eh ? 
 you tried to kill yourself before , by cutting your wrists . '' 
 dan wished he could somehow make himself smaller , but he seemed to have no more control over his body then he did when he was ... alive . 
 what the hell kind of ghost am i , anyway ? 
 he looked over at the hole in the carpeting . 
 he had sat right there on the floor three weeks ago , bleeding to death . 
 drinking wine , smoking cigarettes one after another , watching his blood casually flow out of his body . 
 at first the blood jetted out with alarming power . 
 it sprayed a warm , fine mist across his face and arms . 
 however , it soon weakened . 
 like a gentle , throbbing river , it meandered its way onto his floor . 
 a vague feeling of wonder had floated around in his fuzzy mind at how long it took for him to start fading away . 
 he woke up in a hospital bed . 
 muddled thoughts . 
 bandaged arms . 
 disappointment as sharp-edged as the cold steel knife used to cut them . 
 they told him 9-1-1 had received a hang up call from his apartment and sent the police . 
 he did n't remember dialing the number . 
 i 'm a complete failure , he had thought immediately . 
 i ca n't even do this right . 
 chickening out at the last minute ... even his most hidden , unconscious self was weak . 
 he would not be weak again . 
 next time , he promised himself , he would not hesitate . 
 `` you wanted a second chance , '' tar went on . 
 `` to go back and be alive again . 
 but you already had a second chance , did n't you ? 
 and them ? '' 
 tar pointed angrily at the answering machine , as though they all lived inside it . 
 `` now they ca n't say ` we never saw it coming ' . 
 instead , they 'll say ` we should have seen it coming ' . 
 they 'll say ` how could we have let this happen again ? '' ' 
 dan shrank before tar 's increasing and unexpected fury . 
 his throat tightened and stinging tears pricked his eyes . 
 `` i ... left a note -- -- '' `` oh ! 
 a note . 
 lovely . 
 where is it ? '' 
 looking around the body , tar saw the small piece of paper on the table beside the couch . 
 `` oh , how nice . 
 i 'm sure this will explain it all beautifully . 
 let 's see , shall we ? '' 
 tar started to read the note and dan caught his breath . 
 this was going to be embarrassing . 
 `` ` mom , dad , rick , anne , sarah ' , '' tar began . 
 `` well , that 's efficient . 
 get them all in there , in one shot . '' 
 `` please , '' dan begged him . 
 `` stop . '' 
 embarrassing was n't the right word . 
 humiliating . 
 that worked . 
 `` oh , no , i really want to hear your explanation . 
 i have so many questions about why you did this . 
 i 'm glad it can be summed up in just a few short words . 
 how succinct . 
 ` mom , dad , rick , anne , sarah . 
 i tried and i just ca n't do it or deal with it . 
 no one is to blame but me . 
 forgive me , i 'm sorry . 
 dan ' . '' 
 tar kept looking at the note , as if trying to find more meaning in the few words written there . 
 `` yes , '' he said softly , `` everyone 's questions answered . 
 do n't you feel better now ? '' 
 dan could only shake his head . 
 `` what have i done , tar ? '' 
 bang ! 
 bang ! 
 bang ! 
 the front door thundered and they both jumped . 
 `` daniel smith ! 
 this is the nashville police department . 
 open the door . '' 
 `` yes , i 'm coming ! '' 
 dan shouted , running to the door and opening it . 
 but instead of seeing the officer on the step outside , he only saw the closed door . 
 grabbing the knob again , he tried to turn it . 
 this time , his hand slipped over the smooth metallic surface . 
 he looked curiously at his hand , and reached for the knob once more , a vague notion about something to do with the phone flitting through his mind . 
 bang ! 
 bang ! 
 bang ! 
 `` daniel smith ! 
 can you hear me ? 
 this is the nashville police department ! 
 open the door immediately ! '' 
 `` yes , i 'm trying ! 
 one second ! '' 
 he furiously tried to make contact with the door . 
 `` there 's something wrong ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 `` my hand is n't working ! '' 
 chapter 4 as dan tried to open the front door of his apartment , he heard tar chuckling . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 tar asked . 
 `` damn it ! 
 i 'm trying to answer the -- -- '' as he turned to shout at tar , dan saw the dead body . 
 its eyes had large bruises around them . 
 the blood was dry and dark . 
 `` oh my god ... how could i forgot ... '' dan and tar watched , unseen , as the officers came in , looked at the body , and did a sweep of the apartment . 
 the search did n't take long . 
 the apartment was small , and sparsely furnished , a testament to dan 's tidy , well-organized existence . 
 watching the men touching all his things made dan feel anxious . 
 though he noticed his anxiety was surprisingly less than expected . 
 when he was ... alive ... this would have caused so much physical discomfort that his skin would have crawled , and his stomach would have turned . 
 after his suicide attempt three weeks ago , doctors had labeled him ` clinically depressed ' . 
 they had also labeled him ` obsessive compulsive ' . 
 dan had not acknowledged either of these labels . 
 `` depression '' was for weak-minded people seeking attention or an excuse to dodge hard work . 
 as for `` ocd '' , that was ridiculous . 
 there were logical reasons for everything he did . 
 neither obsession , nor compulsion drove him . 
 in his closet were exactly as many shirts and pants as he needed . 
 twelve pants , twenty-four shirts . 
 they hung on matching hangers , facing the same direction , spaced a finger 's width apart . 
 the reasons were simple . 
 first , it was faster and easier to decide what to wear , and secondly , his clothes did not get wrinkled . 
 his casual clothes were arranged just as neatly on the other side of the closet . 
 the shower curtain was always closed so that it would dry completely and mildew would not form on the plastic lining . 
 only liquid soap was used because it was sanitary , and did not collect lint , and hair , and germs . 
 he had to use that certain brand of toothpaste , because it was the only one that retracted the paste slightly after squeezing . 
 there was a damn good reason for everything he did . 
 true , he did n't exactly have a reason for counting all the steps he took . 
 or why it bugged him so much when journeys ended on an uneven step count that he would force himself to add another step or skip the last step all together . 
 yeah , yeah , be honest with yourself , dan . 
 everything had to be even , not just steps . 
 stirring pots , adjusting volume levels , adding shakes of salt , clapping . 
 he cringed just the tiniest bit every time he saw a digital clock with an odd numbered minute showing . 
 for the longest time , he could n't use a clicky-top pen because there was no way to open it by clicking it twice . 
 until that glorious day when he realized he could count the downward click as one , and the upward click as two . 
 light switches were the bane of his existence . 
 okay , so possibly the counting thing was kind of weird , but did n't everyone have their little quirks of character ? 
 and it 's not like counting had a negative impact on his , or anyone else 's life . 
 the officers finished their initial sweep of the apartment and dan followed one of them outside . 
 his friend , rick , sat on the steps that led up to the front door , looking pale and sick . 
 dan sat down next to him . 
 a baby blue , cloudless tennessee sky hung above them -- a canopy of color that almost seemed to cool the waves of heat that shimmered up from the white concrete . 
 `` rick . '' 
 dan hesitantly reached out and touched his shoulder . 
 the cotton fabric was a thin covering for the muscle and bone that dan felt underneath . 
 `` can you hear me , rick ? '' 
 dan slid his hand down to rick 's forearm and gripped it tightly . 
 he could feel each individual hair , the muscles flexing as rick nervously clenched and unclenched his hands , the pulsing rhythm of blood coursing through veins . 
 if he looked closely enough , he was sure he could see the cells that made up rick 's arm . 
 dan 's fingers dug into the skin . 
 why could n't rick feel it ? 
 the police asked rick lots of questions about dan 's mental state and recent suicidal behavior . 
 they often had to repeat the questions because rick could n't seem to stay focused on their words . 
 his eyes kept flitting back to the open front door , through which the faint image of dan 's dead body could be seen in the shadows of the apartment . 
 every time he looked through the door , he grew paler and seemed to wilt a bit more . 
 dan did find it amusing , however , when they asked rick if dan played dungeons and dragons . 
 he turned to tar , shaking his head . 
 `` why would they want to know that ? '' 
 tar shrugged . 
 `` i 've no idea . 
 i never heard of it . 
 what is it ? '' 
 dan looked at him curiously . 
 well , maybe they do n't have the game in england ... still ... `` exactly how long have you been dead , tar ? '' 
 tar raised his eyebrows and looked down his nose . 
 `` a while . '' 
 dan realized how little he knew about this ... person ... of course , he did n't know the first thing about him . 
 `` that 's not your real voice , is it ? 
 are you even british ? '' 
 tar chuckled . 
 `` do i sound british ? '' 
 `` yeah , you have the voice of the man you look like . '' 
 `` ah , yes , did you know him well ? '' 
 dan shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 he 's a famous movie star . '' 
 `` really ? 
 well , i 'm coming up in the world then . 
 is he very attractive ? '' 
 `` ummm . '' 
 dan looked at tar for a moment , wondering if spirits felt things like vanity . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i think he 's mostly known for his acting . '' 
 tar rolled his eyes . 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` he 's got a great voice though , '' dan added with a shrug . 
 `` very british . 
 anne said it was sexy . '' 
 `` i hate british accents , '' tar said with a smirk . 
 the ambulance arrived and paramedics pulled a gurney from the back . 
 a photographer started snapping pictures and an officer began stringing yellow crime scene tape . 
 when the officer with the tape approached the front steps he stopped . 
 rick stood there staring at the cell phone in his hand . 
 the officer cleared his throat , but rick did not hear . 
 his eyebrows were furrowed and he gripped the phone so tightly , his fingertips were turning a reddish-purple color . 
 the officer took a step toward him . 
 `` excuse me . '' 
 rick jumped and backed away with a lurch . 
 the officer apologized and zipped past him , brushing his elbow with the yellow tape , as he enclosed him into the ` crime scene ' . 
 a detective asked rick about dan 's next of kin . 
 `` his parents live in indianapolis , '' he answered . 
 `` so does his girlfriend . 
 uhhh ... are you guys going to call them ? '' 
 the detective looked up from his notepad . 
 `` we will , son . 
 but it might be better if they hear it first from someone they know . '' 
 rick 's already pale face turned a slight shade of green . 
 dan 's stomach did a few backwards somersaults . 
 rick was about to be sick because of him , and now ... `` anne . 
 tar , how do i get to her ? '' 
 tar had been running his fingers along the glass pane of the front window , appearing to revel in the feeling of the smooth surface . 
 he paused , but left his hand resting on the glass . 
 `` well , it 's not difficult . 
 just close your eyes and think about where you want to go and who you want to be with . '' 
 dan closed his eyes and pictured her in his mind . 
 he imagined hurtling past the hundreds of miles that separated them , flying like a spirit traversing the expanse of its former mortal coil . 
 nothing happened . 
 yeah ... figures ... got ta let go of something , right ? 
 he opened his eyes and was standing in the parking lot in front of where anne worked . 
 he could see her getting out of her green ford escort wagon . 
 he blinked several times , but the images remained . 
 `` whoa , '' he said , `` how did i do that ? '' 
 tar had somehow come with him and stood beside him . 
 `` it 's not a matter of moving your body . 
 you do n't have one , remember ? 
 it 's simply a matter of shifting your focus . 
 easy enough , even for a new spirit , like you , '' tar said with a wink . 
 anne worked in the quality control lab at a lead refinery . 
 dan had often dropped her off or picked her up , but had never been past the front security gate . 
 now he found himself walking past that gate with her , into the locker room where she changed into her uniform . 
 her back to him , she crossed her arms and grasped the corners of her t-shirt pulling it over her head . 
 a cascade of golden hair fell tumbling from beneath the shirt and swept over the gentle curve between her shoulder blades . 
 how often had he watched her , admiring that curve ? 
 dan raised his eyebrows at tar , who held both hands up in a gesture of surrender and disappeared in a little puff of white smoke . 
 `` anne , can you hear me ? '' 
 reaching for her , dan 's fingers brushed the pale skin of her lower back . 
 her jeans dropped with a muffled thump at her ankles . 
 before dan could slide his hand down to her hip , she stepped into her pressed , polyester uniform pants . 
 white skin slipped away from his touch as the matching shirt was quickly pulled from the locker and slung over those gracefully curving shoulders . 
 the locker door shut with a bang ! 
 she slammed her palm against it , and leaned her head against her hand . 
 `` you 're dead , are n't you ? 
 i 'm never going to see you again , '' she whispered . 
 punching the locker with her fist , she turned around . 
 standing inches from dan she looked up , unseeing , directly into his eyes . 
 `` no , that 's not right . 
 i 'm never going to see you alive again . '' 
 `` anne , i 'm right here . '' 
 he reached out for her , barely grazing her cheek before she walked past him and out the door . 
 dan followed her into the lab and saw the faces of her co-workers , who he had heard about , but never met . 
 he saw the lines of worry etched across her face and knew that her fears would soon become reality . 
 this was n't exactly working out the way he had imagined . 
 at this point , she was supposed to be more angry than worried . 
 and then once she found out he was dead , she was supposed to be relieved that it was over . 
 no longer would she be saddled with a weak man . 
 yes , she would probably be sad for a while , but she would know in her heart that this was for the best . 
 she could move on and find a better man . 
 a stronger man . 
 dan had felt almost noble about his motives for suicide . 
 but he was starting to get an uneasy feeling as he watched her nervously fumbling , and checking her cell phone over and over . 
 could he have been wrong ? 
 no , he told himself . 
 people were supposed to act worried when they could n't find someone . 
 that was normal . 
 her fear probably was n't completely genuine , she was just getting herself all worked up the way people do . 
 no , her relief would come . 
 just like he planned . 
 chapter 5 an odd by-product of my loss is that i 'm aware of being an embarrassment to everyone i meet . 
 i see people , as they approach me , trying to make up their minds whether they 'll ` say something about it ' or not . 
 i hate it if they do , and if they do n't . 
 perhaps the bereaved ought to be isolated in special settlements like lepers . 
 to some i 'm worse than an embarrassment , i am a death 's head . 
 whenever i meet a happily married pair i can feel them both thinking . 
 ` one or other of us must someday be as he is now ' . 
 ~ c.s. lewis , a grief observed ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ anne stared at the ringing phone . 
 her fear became palpable . 
 her stomach churned . 
 her hands shook . 
 her heart raced so fast she panted . 
 this is it , she thought . 
 she picked up the phone . 
 `` lab , '' she said , a little too loudly . 
 there was a pause . 
 `` hey anne , it 's rick . '' 
 his voice trembled slightly . 
 the last time she talked to rick , he said he was going over to dan 's apartment to check on him . 
 anne tried to sound casual . 
 `` hey rick . '' 
 where 's dan ? 
 `` uhh ... how you doing ? '' 
 rick asked . 
 anne could hear voices and movement in the background . 
 `` i 'm fine '' . 
 where 's dan ? 
 where 's dan ! 
 rick did n't say anything . 
 she suddenly did n't want this conversation to continue . 
 an almost uncontrollable urge to hang up came over her . 
 her sweaty grip tightened around the phone , and she forced her voice to remain calm . 
 `` how are you doing , rick ? '' 
 oh my god , where is he ... `` anne ... '' rick 's voice did more than tremble . 
 sometimes , a person can sob a word , and this is what rick did . 
 in his voice , anne heard his eyes filling with tears . 
 jesus fucking christ , where is he ? 
 `` rick ... what 's wrong ? '' 
 fear lanced through her so sharply and completely that she felt a sudden tingling in every part of her body . 
 `` dan 's dead , '' rick said . 
 easy as pie . 
 anne experienced a type of paralysis that seemed to freeze not only her body , but time itself . 
 her perception of reality shrank down into a tiny , immovable point of focus where nothing else existed . 
 no room . 
 no phone . 
 no anne . 
 nothing except this small undefinable point in time . 
 she moved rapidly down a narrowing tunnel , away from that point , away from her body . 
 the light faded . 
 the air vanished . 
 something heavy and muffled wrapped itself around her . 
 her legs gave out and if there had n't been a chair behind her , she would have fallen on the floor . 
 she could n't breathe , and for a moment she could n't see . 
 later , when she looked back on this moment , she could only remember experiencing it from the skewed angle of that tunnel . 
 an altered state of reality , where she hovered outside of her body . 
 she watched herself fall in the chair , heard herself crying and shouting . 
 she always felt a rush of sympathy for the woman she observed slumping over in that chair . 
 anne 's breath suddenly returned with a ragged gasp . 
 `` what ? 
 what do you mean , dead ? 
 how ? '' 
 anne listened to rick 's words through the sounds of her own sobbing and shouting . 
 she shouted things like : `` that 's not possible , dan does n't have a gun . '' 
 and `` where did he get it ? '' 
 and `` are they sure he 's dead ? 
 sometimes people get shot in the head and live . '' 
 out of the corner of her eye , she saw her co-worker leave the lab and hoped he was going to get someone who would know what to do . 
 after the initial shock wore off , cold reality blasted it 's way in . 
 `` rick . 
 what about sarah ? 
 she 's at my apartment right now babysitting alexandra . '' 
 `` anne ... i ... i ... '' she could tell that rick was in shock . 
 mentally , she slapped herself and rolled up her sleeves , trying , through her haze of tears , to be brave . 
 `` it 's all right , rick , i 'll call her , but ... what about his parents ? 
 you know what they think of me . 
 i ca n't call them . '' 
 `` it 's okay , anne . 
 the police said they would call . '' 
 anne hung up the phone and stared at it . 
 should she call sarah now , or tell her when she got home ? 
 unlike dan 's parents , sarah had not blamed anne when dan tried to kill himself . 
 but what would she think now ? 
 perhaps anne could be excused the first time , because dan had never shown any sign of depression . 
 but anne no longer had that excuse . 
 she should have known . 
 she should have saved him . 
 anne picked up the phone and dialed the number . 
 she heard herself say the words from a great distance . 
 `` dan 's dead . '' 
 she should have waited . 
 should have told sarah when she could put her arms around her . 
 but maybe then , it would have been too real . 
 no way back . 
 sarah would have looked in her eyes and asked , `` why ? '' 
 and what could anne say ? 
 why did i leave him alone ? 
 how could i have been so stupid ? 
 anne hung up the phone and laid her head on the desk and wept . 
 weeping is different than crying . 
 when a person weeps , a part of their soul is carried away with their tears . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ tar had returned and stood beside dan in the lab as he watched anne 's reaction . 
 it was definitely not what dan had expected , and he realized now how completely he had deluded himself . 
 `` she never cries , '' he whispered , more to himself than to tar . 
 `` god , she hates for anyone to see her cry . '' 
 he thought back to that first night he had met her , when he had found a shivering little heap laying on the hallway floor . 
 she had been crying then as well , something she was embarrassed about later . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ `` i do n't usually do that , '' she said after they had moved on to the second bottle of wine . 
 `` crying is for babies , and if i did n't do it as a baby , i 'm sure as hell not going to start now that i 'm all grown up . '' 
 dan had closed his eyes , trying to understand what that meant . 
 but the wine clouded his brain . 
 `` aww , come on . 
 it 's okay to cry sometimes , especially for girls . 
 there 's nothing to be embarrassed about . '' 
 she cocked her head to the side . 
 `` oh yeah ? 
 do you cry ? '' 
 `` well ... '' he flicked open the top to his silver zippo with a sharp zing and lit a cigarette . 
 he handed it to her and lit another one for himself . 
 he took a long drag and exhaled smoke through his nose , squinting through the haze which hung in the air before him . 
 `` that 's different . '' 
 `` hhump , '' she said , smirking , `` of course . '' 
 she opened her mouth in an o and blew smoke out slowly , trying unsuccessfully to make rings . 
 `` letting yourself cry is like letting yourself get a tattoo . 
 once you start , i 'll wager you 're likely to never stop . 
 i do n't ever want that to be me . '' 
 `` hey , i have a tattoo , '' he said , pulling up the sleeve of his t-shirt to reveal the plain , black , bar code tattooed on his left shoulder . 
 she leaned toward him to examine it , touching his skin with her warm hand , sending a shiver up his spine . 
 he caught the faint raspberry scent of her perfume , the clean , light fragrance dancing along the edges of his senses . 
 at that moment , he knew he could fall desperately in love with this woman and a chill replaced the tantalizing shiver of passion with cold fear and self-loathing . 
 a woman like her could never love him , certainly not the real him . 
 and he was already growing weary of holding up his façade in front of her . 
 the best thing he could do , he told himself , would be to get her out of his apartment , and his life , as quickly as possible . 
 he pulled his arm away from her , raising the cigarette back up to his lips . 
 leaning back , he stretched the other arm out on the back of the couch , leaving her hand that had been touching him hovering in mid-air . 
 she looked at her hand a moment , and then closing her fingers in a fist , she hastily pulled it back and grabbed her own cigarette out of the ash tray . 
 `` why a barcode ? '' 
 he tilted the wine bottle toward her , and when she shook her head , he nodded , and filled his own glass . 
 `` to remind myself that we are all just chattel . 
 mass-produced and wholly without distinction . '' 
 he raised the glass in a toast and drank it down in a few long gulps . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ standing in the lab now , remembering that first night . 
 the pain he had seen in her , the fierce pride . 
 now seeing her once again reduced to this wretched state , knowing it was him who had brought this upon her , dan was torn . 
 a part of him wished he had gone away to that `` other place '' with tar when he had the chance . 
 but another part of him wanted to go over to her and put his arms around her and comfort her . 
 and he wondered why nobody else did . 
 he pointed angrily at the small crowd of people gathered outside the lab door . 
 `` what are they doing ? 
 why are they all standing around out there ? '' 
 tar shrugged . 
 `` they do n't know what 's going on . 
 they do n't know what to do . '' 
 the scene was surreal . 
 a woman alone in an empty room , crying . 
 a gathering of silent people just outside the door , listening . 
 finally , a man pushed his way through and walked in . 
 he went over to her and laid his hand on her shoulder . 
 `` anne , what 's happened ? '' 
 the man walked her to her car . 
 just outside the building , she collapsed . 
 he caught her in strong arms , and planted her back on her feet . 
 dan hoped someone would offer her a ride home , but no one did . 
 people watched from a distance . 
 dan and tar went with her as she drove back to her apartment . 
 dan sat in the front seat beside her , tar in the back . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 she asked , looking up at the sky , as if expecting to see him in the clouds . 
 `` tar , does she know i 'm here ? 
 can she feel me ? '' 
 dan asked as he stroked her hair . 
 `` no , she 's just hoping . '' 
 dan slammed his fist into the dashboard . 
 `` there must be a way to get back ! '' 
 his feeling of helplessness grew hotter , fueling his fury . 
 she was so close . 
 `` what about people who do come back ? 
 they see the tunnel and the light , and then they come back to life . 
 what about them ? '' 
 tar shrugged . 
 `` yes , that happens . 
 sometimes , spirits leave their bodies early . 
 you did , remember ? 
 your body was still alive when you left it . 
 a spirit can go back , if their body still works . 
 but yours did n't . 
 your brain was destroyed ... i 'm sorry . '' 
 dan 's lips tightened with rage . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 why did i do it ? '' 
 tears streamed down his face . 
 `` what the hell was i thinking ? 
 why , tar ? 
 why ? '' 
 tar shook his head . 
 `` do n't you know why ? '' 
 tears streamed down anne 's face as she shouted and beat the steering wheel with both hands . 
 `` why ? 
 why ? 
 why ? '' 
 chapter 6 sometimes even to live is an act of courage . 
 ~ seneca ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ alexandra slept under her blankie . 
 it was her favorite , the one all poky dotted with fluffy white sheep . 
 the bed moved like someone had just sat down on it . 
 then , something wrapped around her and picked her up , out of her warm snuggy nap . 
 her head bounced and her eyelids fluttered up and down as she was put in someone 's lap . 
 it was mama that was wrapped around her , and she squeezed her so tight that it hurt . 
 `` hi , baby , '' mama whispered in her ear . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 alexandra wriggled . 
 she did n't want to be held . 
 she wanted to burrow back under her blankie for nappy time . 
 she squirmed and straightened her back so she could get out of mama 's hug . 
 but alexandra suddenly realized that something did n't seem right . 
 mama was holding her different . 
 way too tight . 
 she looked up and saw something she 'd never seen before . 
 mama was crying . 
 so what if alexandra did n't want to be held . 
 mama wanted to hold her real bad , and that must mean something important . 
 alexandra always needed mama to make bad things go away . 
 but nothing bad ever happened to mama . 
 did it ? 
 she stopped whining , and relaxed . 
 `` mama , why you cry ? '' 
 mama was quiet , looking at her with shiny eyes . 
 `` i 'm sad . '' 
 `` why you sad ? '' 
 alexandra reached up and wiped away the tears . 
 mama did a long breath . 
 `` i 'm just sad , baby . '' 
 alexandra held mama 's face in her hands . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i 'm here . 
 you do n't haf ' ta be sad no more . '' 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ anne touched her daughter 's warm , sticky hands , the soft scent of apple cider and peanut butter gently caressing her raw nerves . 
 `` i have to go away to nashville for a few days . 
 you 're going to stay with daddy until i get back . '' 
 alexandra smiled . 
 `` i go to nashville . 
 to dan . '' 
 anne cringed slightly . 
 `` no baby . 
 you ca n't come this time . 
 daddy needs you right now . '' 
 anne hastily packed a bag for alexandra , as she knew her father , tom , would arrive any minute to pick her up . 
 anne was separated from him , but not yet divorced . 
 `` estranged '' someone had once called it , the word as tangled as their relationship had been . 
 he arrived a few minutes later and was surprised to find anne there . 
 `` are n't you supposed to be at work ? '' 
 he asked with what seemed to be a perpetual scowl painted on his face . 
 anne took him outside and told him what happened . 
 `` what did you do to him ? '' 
 were his first words . 
 he gave her a moment to respond , but how could she ? 
 tom had been so angry and hurt when she started dating dan . 
 he had wanted their marriage to survive , and had harbored nothing but contempt for both anne and dan from the moment their relationship began . 
 still , she had hoped for a shred of compassion from him now . 
 when she did n't respond , tom continued . 
 `` well , i 'm glad the cocksucker 's dead . '' 
 an invisible hand slapped her face . 
 anne was n't sure how to feel or what she was supposed to do . 
 she had the vague notion that she should be upset at his words . 
 perhaps she should be angry at him , but she could n't be sure . 
 finally the struggle to decide how to react overwhelmed her , and she sat on the ground , looking up at him . 
 tom looked back at her and with an exasperated wave of his hands , said , `` christ ... i 'm sorry , anne ... i ... '' his words trailed of as he stood looking down at her for a few moments . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 anne furrowed her eyebrows and shook her head . 
 `` i ... i do n't know , '' she said hesitantly . 
 she did not know why she was sitting on the ground , nor did she have any idea what to do next . 
 just sit here , she supposed . 
 she would just sit here for a bit longer . 
 `` look , '' tom said . 
 `` i think we better get back . '' 
 when she made no move , he reached for her . 
 his fingers dug into her upper arms as he gripped her tightly and pulled her to her feet , leading her back toward the apartment . 
 anne stopped walking . 
 `` wait . '' 
 she tried to loosen his tight grip around her arm , which she had finally decided was hurting her . 
 `` what should i do now ? '' 
 compassion , if only for a fleeting moment , softened tom 's eyes . 
 `` anne ... i ... '' but his expression hardened and he grimaced slightly . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i really am . 
 but i have to think about alexandra right now . 
 i 'm taking her with me , so we need to get back and get her stuff ready to go . '' 
 back at her apartment , anne finished packing alexandra 's bag . 
 alexandra gave her mother a kiss before she left . 
 `` kiss dan for me . '' 
 `` i will , baby doll . '' 
 `` hug too ! '' 
 `` ok , baby , hug too . '' 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ dan had two younger sisters . 
 emily lived in colorado , and anne had not met her . 
 sarah lived with their parents in indianapolis . 
 sarah was the ` troubled ' one , the one who had struggled with clinical depression , and had attempted suicide on more than one occasion . 
 it had been dan who suggested , several months ago , that anne hire her to babysit . 
 tom worked first shift , anne second . 
 they needed someone to watch alexandra for the few hours that their shifts overlapped . 
 dan said it would be good for sarah to get out of the house , quit moping around , and earn her own money instead of expecting everything from their parents . 
 he spoke with derision about his little sister 's suicide attempts . 
 `` she just wants people to feel sorry for her . 
 she needs to grow up and learn to take responsibility for herself . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe he 's dead , '' sarah said as they waited together at anne 's apartment . 
 `` how can he be the one who 's dead ? 
 it should n't be him . '' 
 they were waiting for dan 's parents to call . 
 once they found out from the police , anne assumed they would call sarah . 
 and sarah did not want to go home until she was sure they already knew . 
 `` i could never tell them that he 's dead . 
 and i do n't want to be there when they find out . '' 
 an hour passed . 
 anne tried to call rick , but he did n't answer . 
 anne got the idea that perhaps he did n't answer because he was with dan at the hospital . 
 maybe dan had , in reality , survived and been rushed to the hospital . 
 he could be in emergency surgery right now , rick on the edge of his seat in the waiting room where cell phones were n't allowed . 
 when she suggested this , sarah seemed hesitant to even consider the possibility . 
 `` i mean , '' anne said , `` people survive gunshot wounds to the head all the time , right ? '' 
 anne was beginning to doubt the whole story . 
 the more she thought about it , the less likely it seemed . 
 dan did not have a gun . 
 no , something had definitely happened , but in all the confusion , rick probably just got some crazy , mixed up information . 
 people were always trying to make stories more dramatic than they really were . 
 `` i do n't know , '' sarah said . 
 `` i think rick would know what he was talking about . 
 i do n't think cops make those kinds of mistakes . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 anne said animatedly . 
 `` they make those mistakes all the time . 
 they 're always running around and talking real fast , most of the time they do n't know what the heck they 're talking about ! '' 
 anne could hear the volume of her voice rising , even as she tried to lower it . 
 `` besides , i know dan . 
 he was right here in this apartment yesterday . 
 and he was fine , and he was looking forward to going back to work , and he told me point blank to my face that he was glad to be alive . 
 to my face , sarah . 
 trust me , he did not k -- -- '' anne hesitated for a moment , and then lowered her voice to almost a whisper . 
 `` he was right here , sarah . 
 yesterday . 
 sitting right where you are now . 
 i mean ... i had him right here with me . '' 
 for the next hour she called as many hospitals around the nashville area as she could find . 
 none of them had a patient named daniel smith admitted with a gunshot wound or any other kind of injury . 
 `` anne , '' sarah said after her third phone call , `` i think rick told you the truth . 
 dan 's dead . '' 
 anne dragged her hands down over her face and looked at the phone . 
 why had n't his parents called yet ? 
 what were they waiting for ? 
 she sighed heavily . 
 `` sarah . 
 if your parents do n't know by now , someone needs to tell them . '' 
 sarah looked at her with stark terror in her eyes , shaking her head . 
 `` no way . 
 i ca n't do it . 
 can ... can we try to call rick again ? '' 
 of course , she could n't expect sarah to tell her parents this kind of news . 
 why had n't the police called them yet ? 
 as happened before , when she was outside with tom , an overwhelming sense of confusion fractured her thoughts . 
 she shook her head in an attempt to clear the fog . 
 what had they been talking about just now ? 
 she looked at sarah , bewildered . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i ... i do n't know , '' sarah answered . 
 `` i was just saying there 's no way i can call them . 
 maybe we can call rick again . '' 
 right , right , that 's it . 
 dan 's parents need to be called . 
 am i supposed to do that ? 
 she picked up the phone and stared at it . 
 her hands trembled as she dialed the numbers . 
 wait ! 
 what are their names ? 
 she could n't remember , and she began to panic . 
 her head swam and her stomach rolled over and over . 
 she was about to hang up , when suddenly , his father was there on the other end . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 anne froze . 
 and then she remembered his name . 
 leonard . 
 in his world , dan was alive . 
 `` hell-o-oh ? '' 
 he said in a sing-song-y voice . 
 leonard 's world was still turning . 
 he chuckled . 
 `` is anyone there ... ? '' 
 she would stop it for him . 
 chapter 7 after the call to dan 's parents , sarah left to go home . 
 anne sat on the couch , staring into space . 
 dan and tar sat on the other sofa and dan thought this would be his chance to talk to her . 
 it was so quiet . 
 he started to speak but his voice caught in his throat . 
 the light dimmed . 
 fear pricked at the back of his neck . 
 something was in the room with her , moving around the edges . 
 a shadowy smoke circled its way toward her . 
 dan turned to tar . 
 `` what 's happening ? 
 is the apartment on fire ? '' 
 tar stood up , an uneasy apprehension on his face . 
 `` it 's despair . 
 they 're drawn to her . 
 she 's very vulnerable , now that she 's alone . '' 
 tar stood and started to move toward it , perhaps trying to get a better look , but dan jumped up and grabbed his arm . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 what are they doing to her ? 
 are they demons or something ? '' 
 the darkness closed in . 
 small fingers of inky shade reached out to her , but seemed to be repulsed back by an invisible force field around her body . 
 it prodded and tapped , hesitated , and then coiled around her , as if testing for weaknesses in her defenses . 
 a shadow fell over tar 's radiant face , a tremor of doubt touched his unwavering voice . 
 `` they are n't doing anything to her , '' tar replied curtly . 
 `` and no , they are n't demons . 
 or ... hell ... maybe they are . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 dan shouted viciously at him . 
 `` are they demons , or not ? '' 
 all trace of shadow disappeared from tar 's face and his voice became strong . 
 `` they are n't minions of satan from the fires of hell , if that 's what you 're asking . 
 they 're spirits , like us . 
 they 're drawn to suffering the way a shark is drawn to a dying creature 's blood . 
 they can smell it . 
 right now , they 're stalking her . '' 
 tar 's eyes narrowed and his lip curled as he regarded the darkness . 
 `` they ca n't quite get to her yet . 
 she still has hope that you 're alive . 
 she knows this is n't a dream , she knows it 's real , and yet ... she does n't completely understand . 
 they 'll wait . 
 because they know the time will come . 
 and when she 's lost all hope , they 'll descend upon her . 
 and the strongest one will take her . 
 i can see better than you . 
 i know the one who 's strongest . 
 he 's there with her now . 
 waiting . '' 
 tar looked at anne again , and now fear was in his eyes . 
 dan could n't imagine tar being afraid of anything . 
 cold terror gripped him . 
 like swallowing ice water , he felt the chill of it slip down through him and settle in his stomach . 
 tar turned to dan . 
 `` you asked me what you had done . '' 
 he pointed to the darkness . 
 `` you 've brought this down upon her . 
 she 'll have to fight for her life and her soul , and there 's nothing you can do about it . 
 i know the one who 's waiting for her . '' 
 the venomous look he gave dan made him want to curl up and ... what ? 
 die ? 
 yes , that 's how he felt . 
 but he had already tried that , and death was n't going to give him the escape he desired . 
 he could do nothing but shrink before tar 's overpowering presence and be afraid . 
 tar vanished with a crimson flash of light . 
 but dan could still see those piercing , accusing eyes boring straight into his soul . 
 chapter 8 the heat of tar 's anger moved quickly and easily through his spirit , warming him , stirring him . 
 now that he felt the heat , he could n't stop it from boiling over . 
 the feeling was exhilarating , liberating . 
 he had n't been this angry in a long time , for he had been asleep . 
 yes , spirits sleep . 
 and dream . 
 dreaming is all that some spirits do . 
 in tar 's dream , a voice beckoned him . 
 it whispered his name . 
 his real name . 
 tar 's real name had been taken from him so long ago , that at first , he did not recognize it . 
 and then , after he remembered , he would always turn away from the voice . 
 withdraw like a hulking bear to the dark recesses of solitary slumber . 
 he was only tar now , and forever more , his name would be . 
 but then , he had heard another voice . 
 a voice calling out for help . 
 the stirrings of familiarity roused his dormant senses . 
 a memory . 
 green hills . 
 damp , rich earth . 
 the heat of a bright , yellow sun . 
 he awoke . 
 and he searched . 
 he searched for the voice , and the memory , and the bright yellow sun . 
 he did not find the memory , or the sun , but he did find the voice calling out for help . 
 tar recognized the spirit , and his heart soared . 
 then he saw the man 's body on the couch , before which the spirit knelt . 
 and the smack of cold reality sent his heart plunging back down into its icy depth . 
 i should have known , he thought , as he listened to the ignorant spirit 's plea for help . 
 although disappointed , and more than a little irritated by what he found , tar remained , as always , a compassionate spirit . 
 the fear he heard in the man 's voice pulled on tar 's well worn , yet still intact , heart strings . 
 if only tar had been able to take him directly away from this infernal world of life and longings . 
 but dan , like others before him , had realized that he did n't want to leave after all . 
 dan did n't understand why , but tar did , for he had seen it before . 
 there had been other times when tar had awakened to the frantic cries of help from recent mortals . 
 the transition to immortal was not always seamless . 
 when a crippled man dies from the world , his spirit sheds the confines of his wheelchair . 
 in the immortal , there are no disabilities , and he can move , and run , and dance , and fly as freely as any spirit can . 
 in the same way , dan had shed the confines of his crippled brain and with it the flawed logic of a mentally ill mind . 
 when the world is gone , the spirit sees . 
 why do i stay here ? 
 tar asked himself , yet again . 
 the question hung in his thoughts . 
 heavy . 
 distracting . 
 he talked about letting go , but he had n't completely let go himself . 
 he held onto something and he hid it deep in his heart . 
 and when it pierced , and rended , and tore at him , he grasped it even more tightly until the blood of his soul spilled out onto the dry , barren landscape of his dreams . 
 this new spirit was different from the others , however . 
 and for the first time , in a long time , tar felt the vaguest twinges of hope , an emotion he had almost forgotten . 
 with this spirit at his side , maybe he could find a way to let go after all . 
 perhaps , in helping this spirit , he might also find a way to help himself . 
 fear wrestled with the new rumblings of hope . 
 fear and longing and anger . 
 three emotions which defined tar 's spirit , fought to overcome the fragile , tender hope welling inside him . 
 the unconscious safety of dreams beckoned him to return . 
 return and never again rise . 
 sleep . 
 tar could have left . 
 now that he had seen the familiar dark spirit haunting the woman , he told himself he must leave . 
 for , of all the spirits tar had encountered , this was the only one he feared . 
 when tar had been alive , it had whispered in his ear and wrapped its black shroud around him . 
 there was no reason for him to get tangled up in the foreboding web cast by that spirit again . 
 or is there ? 
 he wondered . 
 have i ever really broken free of it ? 
 chapter 9 courage is being afraid and going on the journey anyhow . 
 ~ john wayne ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ dan went with anne as she drove to nashville . 
 and the darkness went with her . 
 shadows cast by tortured , hungry spirits wrapped around her . 
 dan heard it now . 
 a rustling . 
 a soft whisper of despair . 
 when he reached out to touch her , the darkness reared at him like an angry viper , and hissed until he withdrew his hand . 
 he sat in the back seat feeling a million miles away . 
 as he looked out the car window , he wondered if tar would ever return . 
 the familiar miles rushed past him through the blurry haze of his tears . 
 as one drives south , along interstate sixty-five , they will notice a gradual change in the driving speed . 
 driving like a bat out of hell , or chicago , the change is noticed shortly after leaving gary , indiana . 
 if driving in the summer , a person will find themselves surrounded by lush carpets of rich , green soybean leaves . 
 or forests , in miniature , of corn - knee high by the fourth of july . 
 grey silos nestle beside red barns . 
 cows drift across seas of grass , even their tails flick slowly at lazy flies . 
 the slower pace of rural life pulls on the soul and eases the gas pedal . 
 if driving in the fall , once past indianapolis , a person will find themselves surrounded by color - yellow , red , orange . 
 a tapestry of vibrant autumn painted around them over the gently curving land which reaches out , crawling toward the appalachian mountains southeast in kentucky . 
 even a native hoosier , born and raised in the unassuming state of indiana , marvels at the beauty . 
 driving over the ohio river , through louisville and into kentucky , the gentle curve of the land begins rolling into larger waves of crests and valleys . 
 green pastures , dotted with horses , sit below the highway to the left . 
 while to the right , forested expanses climb up to hide under foggy canopies . 
 traversing this rising and falling earth seems to slow the frantic pace of both life , and car . 
 by the time one crosses the kentucky border into tennessee , the urge to push the pedal down has diminished . 
 where , after leaving chicago they must restrain themselves from driving seventy-five , in tennessee , they must push themselves to drive sixty-five . 
 dan had been under the firm belief that the state of tennessee increased the speed limit to seventy in an effort to encourage people to speed up . 
 in his opinion , it had n't worked . 
 it 's not the scenery alone that causes this shift . 
 the culture also shifts to a lower gear the farther south one travels . 
 people talk slower and walk slower and live slower . 
 to a man like dan , who operated on constant overdrive , a change to this environment could be jarring . 
 `` if hell really exists , '' he had said to anne once , `` it 's in nashville , tennessee . 
 and this is where i 'll go when i die . '' 
 anne had laughed . 
 `` aww . 
 you think you 're going to hell ? 
 because you 've been such a bad boy ? '' 
 `` no , i 'll go to hell because no one in heaven will know who i am . 
 i 'll be over looked . '' 
 anne laughed , `` that 's so sad . 
 i guess i 'll just have to die first , so i can put in a good word for you . '' 
 she ran her fingers through his thinning hair , the way she often did . 
 as always , it made him feel self-conscious . 
 he playfully pushed her hand away and smiled to hide his embarrassment . 
 `` you wo n't die first , '' he said , pulling her down onto his lap . 
 `` you 'll live to be a happy old woman with lots of grandkids . '' 
 she wrapped her legs around his waist and her arms around his neck . 
 `` ooh , i hope so . '' 
 just outside elizabethtown , kentucky , anne pulled into a rest stop . 
 she reclined the seat until her head lay beside him in the back . 
 dan smiled at the subtle irony . 
 he had gotten a speeding ticket here once . 
 as she drifted away , so to , did the shadows . 
 the tight muscles on her face relaxed . 
 the crinkle between her eyebrows , that had so often amused him when she was upset , faded . 
 he kissed her forehead , the lingering scent of strawberries and cream shampoo tickling his nose . 
 anne had teased him when he bought the shampoo . 
 `` do you want me to smell like strawberry shortcake ? 
 i can put on a pink dress and wear pig tails for you . '' 
 he had laughed . 
 `` you 're already sweet enough . '' 
 yesterday morning , when dan had been alive , they had showered together . 
 he washed her hair with the fruity shampoo and conditioner , gently working his fingers through the tangles . 
 at the time , he wondered if she would miss having him wash her hair . 
 his throat tightened and goose bumps rose on his arms . 
 he already missed it . 
 it was midnight . 
 eighteen hours ago he had been alive , making this same drive . 
 driving toward his destiny . 
 his release . 
 now , here he was , on his way back to nashville again . 
 figures . 
 chapter 10 looking out the car window now , dan could see only blackness past the yellow lamp posts that lit the near empty parking lot of the rest stop . 
 cars dotted the asphalt at regular intervals . 
 the occupants spaced themselves as far from each other as possible , looked furtively at their neighbors as they locked doors , and slid down out of sight . 
 why do people sleep in rest stop parking lots along interstate highways ? 
 dan wondered as he watched them . 
 how many other tragic stories were nestled inside hollow , metal worlds ? 
 loneliness crept in along with the amber glow of the lamps . 
 would tar ever return ? 
 `` tar ? '' 
 he said to the empty car , hoping that tar would hear him as he had before . 
 hear him as the mysterious `` it '' , as tar referred to god as , was supposed to have heard him throughout his entire life . 
 does `` it '' even listen to anyone ? 
 the air shimmered briefly , and tar appeared in the front passenger seat , looking at dan in the rear view mirror . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 dan jumped . 
 `` jeez ! '' 
 he held his hand up to his chest in an effort to calm his pounding heart , and took a gulp of air . 
 `` you scared the crap out of me . 
 how did you do that ? '' 
 tar shrugged . 
 `` you called my name . 
 i came . 
 how that would scare you is beyond me . '' 
 `` you know what i mean . '' 
 dan 's heart rate slowed and his muscles relaxed as surprise gave way to relief . 
 `` how did you just appear like that ? 
 how did you hear me ? '' 
 `` because i 'm a good listener . '' 
 `` where were you ? '' 
 tar hesitated , as though searching for the right words . 
 `` in my heaven , '' he said with a weary kind of smile . 
 `` can i go there with you ? '' 
 `` i tried to take you there before . 
 you were n't ready . '' 
 dan rolled his eyes . 
 `` well , i 'll go with you if i can come back here . '' 
 tar turned his body sideways and looked back at dan . 
 `` if you go with me , you wo n't want to come back . '' 
 dan cocked his head to one side , his eyes narrowing . 
 `` you came back . '' 
 an unspoken question was left hanging in the silence . 
 tar smiled , but said nothing . 
 `` well , what if i do want to come back ? '' 
 dan asked . 
 `` would i be able to ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 shall we try ? '' 
 tar held out his hand . 
 dan ignored the hand and looked out the window . 
 what if he 's right ? 
 what if i do n't want to come back ? 
 `` where did the shadows go ? 
 the despair ? 
 it was here for a long time , but seemed to fade when she fell asleep . '' 
 tar gently ran his fingers through her hair . 
 `` they followed her into her dreams . '' 
 a coldness seeped into dan 's heart . 
 `` her dreams ? 
 you mean , they 're in there with her right now ? '' 
 `` yes , a spirit is vulnerable when it 's sleeping . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` believe me , they 're in there . '' 
 they were both silent for a few moments as each seemed to contemplate their own visions of despair and nightmares . 
 finally , tar shrugged , `` anyway , what did you call me for ? '' 
 `` right , i did want to ask you something . '' 
 dan leaned forward conspiratorially . 
 `` is it possible for us to talk to the ... the living ... in their dreams ? '' 
 the words sounded absurd , like ` the living ' were somehow a group he no longer belonged to . 
 `` yes , it 's possible , '' tar answered , looking down at anne 's face . 
 `` as i said , the spirits within human bodies are more vulnerable when the body is asleep , but they are also freer , more open , more alive . 
 we can have conversations with them , although it 's difficult for their brains to interpret what we say . 
 they do n't necessarily remember it as a conversation after they wake up ... if they remember it at all . '' 
 `` yeah , about that , tar ... how is it exactly that we 're talking to each other ? 
 i mean , we do n't have brains . 
 and how is it that i can feel things ? '' 
 dan stroked the side of anne 's face . 
 `` i can feel her body . 
 how is that possible ? '' 
 tar sighed one of those big , expansive sighs . 
 the kind that , at the end of which , a person 's lips putter like a little out board engine . 
 `` well , you had a body once , and a brain . 
 you can still breathe and cry and speak because you learned how to do those things when you were with a human body . 
 emulation , i believe , would be an appropriate word for it . '' 
 dan had wondered about things like sitting in chairs and picking up telephones . 
 he had not given much thought to breathing or crying . 
 of course , he realized , he did n't need to breathe anymore , so he stopped . 
 it was n't long however , before his chest burned , and the pulse in his temple throbbed . 
 he exhaled sharply , and took a rasping gulp of air . 
 tar laughed . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 dan shouted . 
 tar reached up and patted dan 's chest . 
 `` you have n't let go of the mortal world , and all the hard things that go along with it . 
 here , you do n't need lungs to breathe , you do n't need a mouth to talk , and you do n't need a brain to think . 
 however , they still do . '' 
 he motioned toward her sleeping form . 
 `` and unfortunately for us , it can be difficult getting past that thick layer of flesh and blood to the spirit inside . '' 
 past the flesh and blood . 
 dan looked down at his hands . 
 there were no gashes on his wrists any longer . 
 he felt his temples . 
 still no holes . 
 tar had said he was running away . 
 was he still running ? 
 afraid to see the truth etched across his own flesh ? 
 since his death , his mind had been quiet for the first time in a long time . 
 the loud , clanging noise , like the grinding of a great , infernal gear , always moving yet never going anywhere , was gone . 
 a silky silence caressed his bruised spirit . 
 the feeling of pressure that had been growing inside of him had disappeared as well . 
 the pressure had been there for as long as he could remember , but it had been a small ember , just under the surface , warming and directing him . 
 it never quite let him relax . 
 it had kept him focused , driven , successful . 
 it had been his ally . 
 but over the last few years of his life , it had grown hotter . 
 like a malignancy , it had taken over his body and mind . 
 turning on him , hurting him , confusing his thoughts and his emotions , above all - tiring him . 
 after his suicide attempt , doctors had labeled him . 
 ` depressed ' , ` obsessive compulsive ' . 
 but they did n't understand him . 
 they wanted to give him medication that would sedate him , change him . 
 they could n't make him stronger , they could only hide his weakness . 
 mental illness . 
 that was something he would not allow . 
 no , he had told himself , this was merely a weakness of character . 
 this must be overcome through brute force of will and mental discipline . 
 this was his battle , and he would fight it alone . 
 but he had become weary of the battle . 
 he no longer wished to fight . 
 retreat was an acceptable battle tactic , and one that he finally came to desire and covet . 
 to die , had become his obsession . 
 he would be saving anne from a lifetime saddled with a weak man . 
 his strength had been what she had fallen in love with . 
 but that façade had been crumbling . 
 soon , it would have cracked wide open . 
 she would have seen him exposed . 
 naked . 
 trembling in his frailty . 
 why had n't he considered her frailty ? 
 dan 's hand still lay against her face , the warmth of her skin penetrating his own . 
 a slight tingle caressed his fingertips as they traced the line of her jawbone . 
 `` i can feel her , tar . 
 how ? '' 
 tar ran his fingers lightly over the knuckles of her hand . 
 `` it 's not her body that you 're feeling . 
 it 's her spirit . '' 
 her spirit ? 
 dan pushed down on her cheek with his index finger , a little concave depression forming in her skin . 
 tar must have seen the look of confusion on dan 's face because he chuckled and said , `` it 's not her skin that you touch . 
 it 's her spirit . '' 
 `` no way , '' dan said , grasping her wrist . 
 he moved it up and down in short succession . 
 up and down her hand flapped , as if waving to tar . 
 `` that 's her arm , tar . 
 it 's moving . 
 see ? '' 
 tar grabbed her hand . 
 `` stop . '' 
 dan let go and tar placed her arm over her chest . 
 `` watch . 
 closely . '' 
 inch by tedious inch , tar slowly raised her arm . 
 dan blinked several times . 
 she had two right arms now . 
 one suspended in midair , held by tar 's hand . 
 the other curled up on her chest where it had been when she fell asleep . 
 `` what ? '' 
 dan whispered . 
 he touched the arm that tar held . 
 it was solid and warm . 
 tar nodded . 
 `` her spirit . '' 
 dan touched the arm that lay on her chest . 
 like an apparition , dan 's hand passed through . 
 he lifted his hand back through her arm and looked at it . 
 `` her body , '' tar said . 
 dan slammed his hand on the glass of the window beside him with a smack . 
 `` what about that , tar ? 
 i can feel that too . '' 
 `` you 're not touching the glass . 
 you ca n't touch anything in that world . '' 
 dan sneered . 
 `` what ? 
 i 'm touching its spirit ? '' 
 he ran his hand along the smooth surface of the window , trying to feel the dividing line between real and illusion . 
 tar shrugged . 
 `` every bit of matter has spirit . 
 even after a body dies , tiny molecules and particles still exist - they still have spirit . 
 everything that has been created has spirit . '' 
 dan raised his eyebrows . 
 `` even cookies ? '' 
 tar laughed . 
 `` especially cookies . '' 
 `` but you moved the bag . 
 you took it out of the cabinet . '' 
 `` like this ? '' 
 tar scooped anne up and pulled her body close to his , cradling her in his arms . 
 her head lolled backward into the space between the front and back seat , just brushing dan 's thigh , her feet and ankles still trapped under the dash board on the driver 's side . 
 the seat where she lay a moment ago was empty . 
 `` her body is still there , dan . 
 you ca n't see it , but i can . 
 i can see better than you . 
 in time , you 'll be able to see clearly . 
 do you suppose i just pulled her spirit out of her body ? '' 
 dan 's heart skipped a beat . 
 `` put her back ! '' 
 tar laid her back down . 
 `` i did n't do anything to her spirit or her body . 
 her spirit did n't move any more than her body did . 
 all spirit exists at the same time , in the same place . 
 there is no separation . 
 only in that physical world are things separated . 
 here , where we are , in this ... in-between place ... we approximate separation . 
 we learned how when we were alive . 
 we became individual , and our spirit remembers . 
 but believe me , dan , here -- there 's no separation . 
 that 's the illusion . '' 
 `` i ... do n't understand , '' dan said with a heavy sigh . 
 `` it 's all right , '' tar replied . 
 `` you will . '' 
 anne was starting to stir , and a rosy glow peeked over the treetops along the highway . 
 `` tar , you said you can talk to people in their dreams ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` do you think i can do it ? 
 do you think i can talk to her ? '' 
 `` my dear sweet boy , you could n't talk to her when you were alive . 
 why would you be able to do it , now that you are dead ? '' 
 chapter 11 there is no pain greater than this ; not the cut of a jagged-edged dagger nor the fire of a dragon 's breath . 
 nothing burns in your heart like the emptiness of losing something , someone , before you truly have learned of its value . 
 often now i lift my cup in a futile toast , an apology to ears that can not hear . 
 ~ drizzt do’urden , author r.a. salvatore ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ twelve hours after the phone call from rick , anne hurried up the sidewalk to dan 's apartment . 
 she tilted her head and squinted at the orange paper on the door . 
 her pace slowed a few feet from the front stoop as the writing on the paper came into focus . 
 caution : biohazard contamination . 
 keys dropped from shaking hands . 
 this is it . 
 the biohazard contamination is dan . 
 she did n't know anything about hand guns , or what really happened when someone shot themselves with one . 
 maybe he had blown half his head away and bits of it still lay in there , just on the other side of this door . 
 black spots swam in her vision and she shuddered . 
 a sharp pain in her stomach caused her to double over . 
 raising her head , she saw her reflection in the shiny brass door knob . 
 it looked as though a dark shadow winded its way over her shoulder , caressing her face . 
 she blinked , and it suddenly vanished . 
 sweaty , shaking hands unlocked the door and pushed it open . 
 her vision was black and white , and muted shades of grey . 
 only the blood was sharply defined in bright , livid splashes of red , draped across the grey back drop of his apartment . 
 it took a moment , but relief came when she realized there was no splattered brains . 
 she released her breath with a ragged sigh . 
 as she walked to the couch , she glanced down at the bare patch on the floor , the faint dark stain still visible . 
 she sat on the sofa and laid her head beside the blood , turning her body slightly toward it . 
 almost as if reaching tenderly for a lover 's face , she caressed the dry , dark patch . 
 she traced the flow of it down to where it had pooled in the cushion . 
 this blood was not completely dry . 
 anne touched it , and rubbed it on her cheek and the back of her hand . 
 the tangy , coppery scent drifted up and mixed with the salty taste of tears running down her face . 
 it 's your blood , dan . 
 it 's supposed to be in your head . 
 is this all i have left of you ? 
 searching the area on hands and knees , she scrutinized over every drop of blood . 
 there were n't very many . 
 a light spatter on the wall which the couch rested up against . 
 a drizzle across the arm rest . 
 a few lonely drops on the carpeting . 
 most of it seemed to have merely drained out of his head and onto the plush tan sofa cushions . 
 in his duffel bag lay a box of bullets . 
 picking them up , she ran her fingers along the cool metal casings , winchester 38 spl stamped across the tops . 
 six holes in the box . 
 six bullets missing . 
 small , dark , recessed shadows . 
 one of those shadows killed you . 
 she glanced down at the silver band on her right ring finger . 
 inlaid with an intricate celtic knot engraving , anne had designed the pattern , and had two matching bands made , one for each of them . 
 neither of them ever took theirs off , and she wondered if his blood had splattered on his when he pulled the trigger . 
 where was dan now ? 
 did he still have his ring on ? 
 did he still wear the silver crucifix necklace she had given him when he was in the hospital ? 
 after his first suicide attempt , he told her he needed something to believe in . 
 `` here 's something you can believe in , '' she had said , as she took off her necklace and put it around his neck . 
 neither of them had much faith at the time , and she had hoped perhaps they could find some together . 
 where was that faith now , she wondered ? 
 now that she needed it more than ever . 
 bleeding , dying , sprawled out on a cold metal table in the dark ? 
 faith , like a delicate snowflake . 
 pretty to look at , but try to hold onto it , and it disappears before your eyes . 
 she finally went upstairs to the loft and fell asleep in dan 's bed , wrapping the sheets around her . 
 she buried her face in his pillow , breathing in the smell of him . 
 the familiar , comforting scent had always meant she was home , she was safe . 
 chapter 12 dan sat beside anne as she slept among the rumpled and twisted sheets . 
 just as before , the coiling shadows had receded as she fell asleep and he wondered what they whispered to her in her dreams . 
 tar examined a small , somewhat oblong silver item sitting on the tidy corner desk nestled beside the bed . 
 dan smiled when he saw the look of puzzlement on tar 's face , suspecting that he had never seen a computer mouse before . 
 `` tar , can you talk to her for me ? 
 in her dreams ? '' 
 tar sniffed the mouse and looked at it one more time before setting it down and turning to dan . 
 `` i have a better idea . 
 why do n't you show me something of your life together ? '' 
 dan stopped stroking anne 's hair and looked up at tar . 
 `` uhhh ... what ? '' 
 tar walked over to the bed and sat beside dan . 
 `` we 're spirits . 
 like i said , there 's no real separation between us . 
 we can share memories and experiences . 
 i can show you how . 
 may i ? '' 
 tar held his hands out to dan , as if to touch his head . 
 `` is this like a vulcan mind meld ? '' 
 dan asked , a tad skeptical of the whole ` no separation of spirits ' business . 
 tar dropped his hands , another puzzled look on his face . 
 `` pardon ? '' 
 dan sighed . 
 `` oh , never mind . 
 what do i have to do ? '' 
 `` it 's easy . '' 
 tar raised his hands again and wrapped them around dan 's forehead . 
 `` just think of a happy memory . 
 immerse yourself in it . 
 imagine being back there , right now . '' 
 dan closed his eyes . 
 a tiny tickle tremored through his mind . 
 tiny , warm feet ran down his spine and spread out , like slipping into a hot bath . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ dan lay in his bed . 
 anne lay beside him , her head on his chest , smiling up at him . 
 late afternoon sunlight streamed in through the blinds . 
 the dappled silhouettes of spring leaves fluttered on the wall beside them . 
 `` i can hear your heart beating , '' she said in a dreamy , almost child-like voice . 
 a look of wonder in her eyes at the simple miracle of a beating heart . 
 `` good thing for me , '' he replied , brushing the tip of her nose with his index finger . 
 they had replayed this scene many times before . 
 anne quietly listening to the soft , rhythmic thudding of his heart and the windy , hollow sound of his breath rushing in and out of his lungs . 
 dan caressing her face as he watched it move up and down with the gentle rise and fall of his chest , always amused at her easy joy . 
 the first few times she said it , dan thought she was just trying to be cute . 
 but after a while , he realized that when anne said , `` i can hear your heart beating , '' what she really meant was , `` i love that you 're alive , and you 're real , and you 're mine . '' 
 and when dan said , `` good thing for me , '' what he really meant was , `` you 're the best thing that ever happened to me . '' 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ the warmth in dan 's body was suddenly replaced by an icy chill . 
 shivering , he opened his eyes . 
 tar looked at him with eyes that smoldered and shook his head . 
 `` why did you leave her ? '' 
 chapter 13 no one ever told me that grief felt so like fear . 
 i am not afraid , but the sensation is like being afraid . 
 the same fluttering in the stomach , the same restlessness , the yawning . 
 i keep on swallowing . 
 at other times it feels like being mildly drunk , or concussed . 
 there is a sort of invisible blanket between the world and me . 
 i find it hard to take in what anyone says . 
 or perhaps , hard to want to take it in . 
 it is so uninteresting . 
 yet i want the others to be about me . 
 i dread the moments when the house is empty . 
 if only they would talk to one another and not to me . 
 ~ c.s. lewis , a grief observed ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ a few hours later , anne woke with a start . 
 the shadows came into focus . 
 she was in dan 's room . 
 she was in his bed , but he was not with her . 
 where was he ? 
 he 's dead . 
 the dried blood on her hand was dark and flakey , crumbling like her heart . 
 the sounds of everyday life assaulted her ears . 
 birds chirping , leaves rustling in the wind , traffic passing , the air conditioner humming . 
 the sounds were muffled , and muted . 
 the light had a strangely dim quality . 
 an unfamiliar pain coursed through her body . 
 she buried her face in his pillow . 
 it still smelled like him . 
 how long would the scent linger ? 
 longer than the blood stain on her hand ? 
 as she stared up at the ceiling , a shadow passed through the room . 
 goose bumps rose on her skin from a sudden chill . 
 she sat up and looked around . 
 patches of darkness seemed to be hiding in the light around her . 
 she could see wisps of it around the edges of her vision . 
 the soft murmuring of many voices whispered in her ear . 
 she did n't know what they were saying . 
 there were too many , whispering too softly . 
 but then she heard one voice gently call her name . 
 `` anne . '' 
 she jumped a little and looked around . 
 `` anne , '' the voice called again . 
 she held her breath for a moment . 
 `` dan ? '' 
 she got up and walked over to the bannister of the loft and looked down . 
 `` dan ? '' 
 this is ridiculous , she thought as she leaned over the railing , looking beneath her . 
 am i hearing things ? 
 `` anne , '' the voice seemed to come from down stairs . 
 but it was fading , as if moving away from her . 
 she leaned further over the railing , and for a moment , her vision seemed to clear . 
 just beneath her was the bare patch of floor . 
 the shadows coalesced around it , swirling in a hypnotic rhythm that soothed her tormented senses . 
 he 's down there , an unfamiliar voice seemed to whisper from deep inside her . 
 he 's down there waiting for you . 
 the dark patch fell away from the floor and sank into the depth of oblivion . 
 the shadows followed it , and anne leaned further still over the railing , head down , feet beginning to slip off the floor . 
 but then the voice seemed to hesitate . 
 wait ... anne 's feet touched the floor . 
 she waited . 
 as unexpectedly as the shadows had appeared , they vanished . 
 anne stood up straight , blinking . 
 it felt as if awakening from a dream . 
 she took a startled step back from the railing and burst into tears . 
 `` why did you leave me ? '' 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ later that morning , she received the only explanation she would ever get from the detective that came to dan 's apartment . 
 `` you 're from homicide ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes , '' the detective answered , `` it 's not like on tv . 
 i mostly investigate suicides and accidents . '' 
 `` that must be very depressing . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` yes , it can be . 
 and let me tell you how sorry i am for your loss , '' he said as he pulled a pair of reading glasses from his shirt pocket . 
 the words sounded rehearsed . 
 anne wondered how many times he had said them . 
 `` i brought you a copy of the note he left . '' 
 directing his gaze down , through the lenses of his glasses , he searched the manila file folder he had brought with him . 
 he pulled out a single piece of paper and handed it to her . 
 `` i 'm ... sorry there is n't more , '' he said , looking at her over the top of his spectacles . 
 although the words sounded rehearsed , anne saw true compassion in his eyes . 
 anne did n't have to read the words to see that there were n't many . 
 `` he put my name fourth ... '' something seemed to leave her body at that moment . 
 a hollow , breathless sensation pulled through her chest cavity as a piece of her hope rushed out , just as the tears rushed out of her eyes . 
 fourth . 
 `` i 'll tell you something , '' the detective said , with what was probably supposed to be a look of encouragement . 
 `` when a person is getting ready to kill himself , he is n't exactly thinking rationally . 
 most do n't even leave a note . '' 
 `` he did n't the first time ... i got mad at him for that ... '' a chill swept over her and she shivered . 
 the room dimmed . 
 despair spread through her body like a fever . 
 she felt cold , but at the same time , she felt something burning away inside . 
 looking up at the detective with what she hoped was a calm and rational look , she said , `` i do n't mean to sound crazy or anything , but did you actually see dan ? 
 i mean ... are you absolutely sure he really died , like , all the way ? 
 because i heard somewhere that a lot of times , people survive gunshot wounds to the head . 
 more often than people think , right ? 
 i mean , you would know ... '' her words trailed off as she heard herself speaking them . 
 she sounded ridiculous . 
 my god , what 's wrong with me ... ? 
 he took his glasses off and looked directly at her . 
 `` yes , i 've seen dan 's body this morning , at the medical examiner 's office . 
 he died yesterday , from one gunshot wound to the head . 
 the bullet went in the right temple , '' he placed a finger on his own right temple , `` right about here . 
 and it exited from the left temple , a little higher up . 
 he would n't have felt any pain . 
 and no one could have ever saved him , no matter how fast they got to him . 
 he would have died within seconds . '' 
 within seconds ... did he even have time to regret what he 'd done ? 
 she could n't keep holding onto this piece of paper , but she could n't let it go . 
 she wanted to throw it away from her , and hold it close to her at the same time . 
 she wanted to jump up and scream and hit something and throw her hands through the glass window , through which the sun shone so brightly . 
 she wanted to burn up in that brightness . 
 and at the same time , she wanted to lay her head down into blackness and go to sleep and never wake up . 
 the feeling became so overwhelming that she turned helplessly to the detective and said , `` i do n't know what to do . '' 
 `` is there someone down here with you ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm alone . '' 
 last night she had called her mother . 
 `` do you want me to go to nashville with you ? '' 
 her mother asked . 
 `` no , '' anne answered , `` i do n't want you to see me get hysterical . '' 
 her mother scoffed . 
 `` you 've never been hysterical in your life , anne . '' 
 `` i know , and i do n't want you to be there when i am . '' 
 a part of her had secretly hoped her mother would insist on going . 
 maybe she understood why her mother did n't . 
 anne had never been good at needing anyone . 
 but that did n't matter now . 
 she was lost , and for the first time in her life she needed her mother to come and find her . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ once , when anne was about five , she and her brother had become separated from their mother in a store . 
 he was n't even a year older , and people often thought them twins . 
 they looked up and down the aisles for what seemed an eternity , holding each other 's hands . 
 everything was so big , and all the faces of all the people looked abnormal in their bigness . 
 she never saw them straight on . 
 she only saw them , ever , at an angle , as she looked up at them . 
 chins bigger than foreheads , two gaping black holes in their noses . 
 her brother started to cry . 
 anne looked at him and wondered why . 
 was he hurt ? 
 his wails became louder until the sound of it hurt her ears . 
 the lights became brighter and every person who passed by seemed to bump into her with their big bodies . 
 she wanted to block out all the brightness , and bigness , and loudness . 
 `` why are you crying ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i wa-want m-m-mommy . '' 
 his choking sobs caused the words to stutter and break . 
 she pulled him by the hand to the front of the store , and then outside . 
 quiet and still , there were no big people with big noses and chins . 
 her brother continued to cry , and she watched him silently , trying to understand what caused him pain . 
 finally , their mother came . 
 `` there you are ! 
 i looked all over for you two , why are you out here ? '' 
 `` we got lost and he started crying ... i was looking for you , '' anne said , thinking her mother would be proud of her for being so brave . 
 her mother 's anger , however , only seemed to melt away when she looked at her son . 
 kneeling down , she pulled him close , comforting him with soft little words that anne could n't quite hear . 
 his crying increased as their mother caressed his face and cooed in his ear . 
 she kissed his forehead and wiped the tears from his red , sweaty face . 
 anne stood there watching , trying to squeeze tears from her eyes , quick , before it was too late . 
 how did one cry like that , she wondered ? 
 she blinked and blinked , but the tears did n't come . 
 `` all right , honey , you 're okay now , mama 's here , you 're safe , '' her mother said to him as she rose and prepared to leave . 
 she turned to her daughter , the one who never seemed to need anything from her . 
 `` why did you wander off ? 
 i told you to stay right there . '' 
 what do i say ? 
 anne wondered . 
 how could she make her mother come to her , as she had gone to her brother ? 
 her brother had only cried those unbelievable tears , like he was injured . 
 had her mother actually believed that he was ? 
 when anne did n't respond , her mother turned , still holding tight to her brother 's hand , walking away from anne . 
 `` come on , let 's go . '' 
 anne turned away from her mother momentarily , and in the distance , just on the other side of the train tracks , along the edge of the woods , she saw her friend . 
 he waved at her , beckoned for her to join him in the dark . 
 she could disappear with him in the woods , forever . 
 anne never told anyone about him . 
 she knew they could n't see him anyway . 
 he was dark and shadowy and he always talked in whispers . 
 it was easy for him to hide from the other people . 
 she took one step toward him . 
 `` anne ! '' 
 her mother 's voice called . 
 `` let 's go ! '' 
 the other people were always so loud . 
 anne blinked , and her friend was gone . 
 she cocked her head to one side as she considered the retreating form of her mother before falling in line behind her . 
 anne had never been good at needing anyone . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ `` if you need a shoulder to cry on , '' the detective said , `` you 're welcome to use mine . '' 
 anne collapsed on his shoulder and sobbed uncontrollably . 
 the detective wrapped his arms around her and held her as she wept . 
 `` i know it 's my fault . 
 i should have stayed home from work . 
 i never should have left him . '' 
 the detective drew her away from him , lifted her chin with his hand , and held her gaze with the power of his own . 
 `` i want you to listen to me for a minute , okay ? '' 
 she drew both hands over her face , wiping away the tears . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` maybe you did something wrong . 
 or maybe you should have done something , but you did n't . 
 you think that you let him down . 
 you might even be wondering if he had wanted you to save him . 
 but that 's not what happened . '' 
 she started to say something , but he interrupted her . 
 `` i 've investigated a lot of suicides . 
 but i 've also investigated a lot of attempted suicides . 
 sometimes i have to talk to them , make sure someone was n't trying to kill them , you understand ? '' 
 she nodded her head , and he continued . 
 `` i 've talked to people who wanted to die . 
 they do n't blame anyone else . 
 they think their loved ones will be better off without them . 
 and i 've also talked to a lot of murderers . 
 usually , they blame the victim . 
 they try to convince me that the victim somehow deserved it . '' 
 anne shook her head . 
 `` that 's not the same . 
 dan was n't murdered . '' 
 `` it is the same , '' he said sternly . 
 `` the man who pulled that trigger was a murderer . 
 and i know , if i could talk to that man , he would n't blame you . 
 he would blame the man he murdered . 
 he would tell me all the reasons why he deserved to die . 
 he would tell me that he was protecting you from that man . '' 
 she looked away . 
 `` i know what you 're trying to do . '' 
 the detective shook his head slowly and sighed . 
 `` i 'm not trying to do anything . 
 i 'm just telling you the truth . 
 i see it all the time in my line of work , and even in my own life . 
 there 's a darkness out there . 
 a darkness that touches us all . 
 it comes into everyone 's lives from time to time . 
 but for some people , it gets down deep into their very souls . 
 that 's the kind of darkness dan was fighting ... look at me . '' 
 she turned toward him , his image bleary through the tears in her eyes . 
 he put his hands on her shoulders , and his eyes flitted around , as if studying the outline of her body . 
 with one hand , he pushed the hair away from her face . 
 `` you 're going to have to struggle with that darkness now . 
 i can see it all around you . 
 it 's trying to get in deep , anne . 
 you have to stay strong , and do n't let it in okay ? 
 because anne ... it will eat you alive . '' 
 she sat up straighter and gave him an uncertain smile . 
 she had a sudden and desperate desire to not fail this man . 
 `` okay ... i 'll try ... '' throughout the coming days , anne thought about everything the detective said many times . 
 his words were like an anchor for her when she felt herself being swept away in the violent and unpredictable tempest of her guilt and grief . 
 at first , she could remember the sound of his voice , the compassion in his eyes , and the strength of his conviction . 
 and he was her hero . 
 as the days continued to pass without dan by her side , however , the memory faded . 
 a growing darkness enveloped her and whispered to her . 
 the words of her despair became her constant companion , until finally the words of the detective were all but forgotten . 
 chapter 14 dan watched all the people he had thought would be better off without him . 
 anne , rick , his parents , his two sisters . 
 they gathered together now , at rick 's house , trying to find the answer to the one question they all had . 
 why ? 
 anne sat alone on the front porch swing . 
 a heavy shroud of darkness surrounded her . 
 the invisible force field now gone , the coiling filaments moved freely over her skin , whispering to her . 
 perhaps the living people around her also sensed its presence , for no one touched her and they seemed to instinctively move away from her if she came too close . 
 dan and tar stood beneath an expansive weeping willow tree in the front yard . 
 the branches hung down around them like a green tendriled waterfall , the rustling leaves mimicking the sound of rushing water . 
 the property encompassed ten acres of solitude . 
 horses moved slowly , nosing through tall grass . 
 neither the road , nor the neighbors could be seen , adding to the aura of isolation . 
 together , they watched anne , and the dusky presence which curled around her . 
 in the cool shade of the willow , dan shivered . 
 `` what is it , tar ? 
 what does it want with her ? '' 
 `` i told you already . 
 they 're spirits , like us . 
 but different . 
 they 're drawn to her suffering . '' 
 `` you said you could see them . 
 what do they look like ? 
 like you and me ? '' 
 tar shrugged . 
 `` mostly . 
 they look like people . 
 but i do n't know most of them , so to me they just look like murky figures . 
 what do they look like to you ? '' 
 `` it 's just a black , smoky sort of shadow . 
 but sometimes i see eyes , and i hear whispering . 
 sometimes i think i see a man . '' 
 dan squinted , focusing on her despair , trying to give it more definition . 
 who are you ? 
 what do you want ? 
 he got no answer . 
 all he could see was smoke and shadow . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ `` what 's the one thing you 're most scared of ? '' 
 dan asked her once . 
 `` chucky , '' anne answered , without having to give it a moment 's thought . 
 `` chucky ? '' 
 `` yeah , you know , from that movie , ` child 's play ' ? 
 oooh . 
 killer dolls that come alive and start talking . '' 
 she shivered , an amused look of horror on her face . 
 dan laughed . 
 `` come on , i 'm serious . '' 
 `` i 'm serious too . 
 what could possibly be scarier than that ? 
 besides clowns , maybe . '' 
 `` but that 's not real . 
 what are you really scared of ? '' 
 she had been peeling potatoes over the sink . 
 making sweet potatoes , one of his favorite dishes . 
 she paused and looked up at him with a knowing , half-smile . 
 `` who ever said something had to be real for you to be scared of it ? '' 
 dan froze , his face suddenly hot , his palms sweaty . 
 the ever present knot in his stomach tightened . 
 does she know ? 
 he almost broke down and told her about his fear and anxiety . 
 about the pressure that had been building , crushing , breaking his spirit . 
 about his undefinable , yet overwhelming ` depression ' . 
 but no . 
 he could n't do that . 
 she had fallen in love with his strength . 
 what would she think of him if she saw his vulnerability , his weakness ? 
 `` i do n't know , '' he finally said . 
 `` i 've never seen that movie . '' 
 anne gasped in mock horror , her hands covering her mouth , eyes wide with shock . 
 cheezy science fiction and horror movies were her favorite . 
 she rented the movie , ` child 's play ' , and forced him to watch it with her . 
 she jumped and screamed at all the right places , and they both laughed . 
 she had been teaching him the simple joy of watching a bad movie . 
 `` i ca n't believe that 's the same guy who was in ` one flew over the cuckoo 's nest ' , '' he said when it ended . 
 `` he was ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 do n't you remember billy bibbit ? '' 
 she slowly shook her head , the little crinkle between her eyebrows forming . 
 then a look of dawning came over her face and she smiled . 
 `` oh yeah ... i remember him . 
 the stutterer . 
 i loved him ! '' 
 `` it was the guy who played chucky , brad dourif . '' 
 `` no way ... '' anne would n't believe him until he rented the movie and they watched it together . 
 he thought it might open a discussion , and he could gain some insight into her feelings on mental illness . 
 she was visibly uncomfortable watching it . 
 she kept fidgeting and getting up to go to the bathroom , or to get something to drink . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 he finally asked . 
 `` nothing . 
 it 's a great movie . 
 crazy people just make me nervous , is all . 
 i do n't like seeing them all locked up together in that place . 
 it 's ... disturbing . '' 
 anne shook her head after the movie . 
 `` un-fucking-believable . 
 billy bibbit is chucky . '' 
 dan looked down at his hands . 
 `` you never can tell about people , huh ? '' 
 `` poor billy , '' she said , `` why did he have to kill himself ? 
 i loved him so much . '' 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ dan watched anne from the shadows of the weeping willow , wondering what she was most afraid of now . 
 `` tar , you said you knew one of them . 
 is that one still there ? '' 
 `` oh yes , '' tar answered , `` he 's there . 
 there are n't many others left . 
 his sorrow is too much , even for them . 
 and the more he 's with her , the more his sorrow will grow . 
 he suffers along with her . '' 
 `` but why ? '' 
 dan asked . 
 `` does he like suffering ? 
 does he like causing other people to suffer ? '' 
 `` it 's not that simple , '' tar said , shaking his head . 
 `` he 's a spirit that ca n't let go . 
 he ca n't forgive himself - or anyone else . 
 it 's his guilt , you see . 
 he 's punishing himself . 
 there 's no pain where we are , here in this ... heaven . 
 the only real pain comes from that world . 
 it 's the closest thing to hell he can find . '' 
 `` why does he punish himself ? 
 what is it he ca n't forgive ? '' 
 tar remained silent . 
 dan tried to imagine what crime this spirit had committed . 
 murder ? 
 was n't that the worst thing a person could do ? 
 had this spirit been a murderer when he was alive ? 
 chucky . 
 dan thought about the evil little killer doll again . 
 then he thought about martin klamsky , another character played by the same actor , brad dourif . 
 the movie had been ` istanbul ' . 
 dan had immediately liked martin klamsky , felt a kindred bond . 
 this man could be him - driven , focused , mysterious . 
 clearly damaged , yet honorable . 
 then martin klamsky had been revealed as a child molester and murderer . 
 dan was shocked and angered . 
 now he was supposed to loathe this man , hate him and be disgusted by him . 
 and he was disgusted by him , but he found that he could n't hate him . 
 martin klamsky had been trying to punish himself . 
 searching for some form of hell in which to burn . 
 at the end of the movie , the police took him away , just as he deserved , but dan did n't like the fact that he felt sorry for him when they did . 
 tar had still not answered the questions . 
 he had turned away from the darkness and now looked out over the green rolling fields of a beautiful may afternoon in tennessee , a faraway look in his eyes . 
 `` tar ? '' 
 tar 's eyes remained fixed on the horizon . 
 `` what did you punish yourself for , dan ? 
 what could n't you forgive ? 
 was it worth the death sentence you imposed upon yourself ? '' 
 dan did n't know how to respond . 
 he looked back at the darkness , and saw the faint shape of a man . 
 its piercing eyes watched tar from the deep shadows of despair . 
 what was tar saying ? 
 was he supposed to feel sorry for this thing ? 
 like martin klamsky , could he loathe it and pity it at the same time ? 
 almost as though it could hear his thoughts , it turned its gaze toward him , and for a moment their eyes locked . 
 a shudder passed through dan 's spirit , for he saw the depth of despair reflected in those eyes . 
 then the front door opened and his parents came out . 
 dan looked back , but the shadowy figure was gone , and only the shadow remained . 
 chapter 15 and can it be that in a world so full and busy the loss of one creature makes a void so wide and deep that nothing but the width and depth of eternity can fill it up ! 
 ~ charles dickens ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ anne sat alone , on the front porch of rick 's house smoking cigarettes , one after another . 
 she felt the cold shadows around her . 
 whispering to her . 
 quiet , yet insistent . 
 `` he 's gone . 
 he 's not coming back . '' 
 sometimes the voice seemed so real , that she turned her head , hoping that someone , anyone , would be there . 
 the weight of grief was so heavy around her that at times she could n't move , or even breathe . 
 sometimes she would forget to blink . 
 at first , she did n't understand why her eyes burned , but now she knew , and she forced them to close until the burning subsided . 
 she wondered a lot where dan was . 
 heaven ... ? 
 hell ? 
 yesterday , when she had been at dan 's apartment , one of his neighbors had talked to her about it . 
 `` it 's such ' a shame , '' he said casually , in that familiar , rolling southern accent that could either be charming or irritating , depending on the words it spoke . 
 `` he seemed like such ' a nice guy . 
 and now he 's burnin ' in hell . '' 
 another slap in the face , another silent response . 
 a nun at the catholic high school anne had attended told them god would forgive a person who committed suicide because they were mentally unstable , and not responsible for their actions . 
 well , that seemed very nice of god . 
 but just because it seemed nice did n't make it true . 
 god could n't forgive you unless you asked for it . 
 the nuns had taught them that too . 
 and if you killed yourself , how could you ask for forgiveness ? 
 it was too late . 
 straight to hell you go . 
 of course , none of that mattered if there was nowhere to go . 
 and the truth was , anne had lost her faith a long time ago . 
 it was not due to any animosity toward the church , or even to god . 
 god just did n't seem scientifically reasonable or necessary . 
 science had given her answers and religion had given her ghost stories . 
 and as far as she knew , wars had never been fought over the theory of evolution . 
 and that seemed nice too . 
 but what about now ? 
 could she throw out all that sensible logic just because she really , really wanted dan to be there ? 
 somewhere ? 
 was n't that how religion got started in the first place ? 
 can you hear me , dan ? 
 if you 're there , give me some kind of sign . 
 the only voice she heard was that of her own guilt and despair . 
 `` he 's not here , '' it whispered . 
 `` he died alone , waiting for you to save him . '' 
 dan had not believed in an afterlife either . 
 anne wondered if he had changed his mind at the end . 
 he had been raised in some obscure religion of middle eastern descent . 
 she could n't remember the name . 
 he had said almost nothing about it , seeming almost embarrassed by it . 
 even though anne had lost her faith , she still felt drawn to the catholic traditions . 
 she felt at home in a catholic church . 
 the stained glass windows were like old friends , telling her their sad tales as she sat in the pews . 
 mass was quiet , hushed . 
 the lights were soft , along with the voices around her . 
 she always knew when to stand , when to sit , when to kneel . 
 what to say , and when to say it . 
 there , she was expected to keep her head down , and that was fine with her . 
 dan told her he wanted to start going to mass with her . 
 he said he wanted something to believe in that day in the hospital . 
 that 's when she had given him her crucifix necklace . 
 he had worn it every day since . 
 anne had looked everywhere in his apartment , but had not found the crucifix , or the silver ring she had made for him . 
 looking down , she twirled the matching band she wore around her finger . 
 had dan died with his ring and crucifix on ? 
 did that mean anything ? 
 `` the only thing it means , '' the voice whispered , `` is that you and jesus were n't there for him when he needed you . '' 
 her eyes burned . 
 she closed them and saw dan 's face . 
 `` that 's all you 'll ever have now , just this memory ... and it will fade . '' 
 the front door banged . 
 she jumped and opened her eyes . 
 dan 's parents came out . 
 anne had only met them twice , and she had not seen them after dan 's attempted suicide . 
 the last time she talked to leonard , she told him his son was dead . 
 `` can we talk to you for a minute ? '' 
 grace asked . 
 `` of course , '' anne answered . 
 grace sat beside anne on the porch swing , but not too close . 
 the gentle creaking of the chain and the soft rustling of leaves in the trees echoed in the deep corners of anne 's vacant heart . 
 a warm breeze carried the scent of honeysuckle and horse manure through yellow sunshine and fields of tall grass . 
 `` leonard and i owe you an apology , '' grace said after a moment . 
 anne peeled her burning gaze from the waving tendrils of the old weeping willow tree and blinked at grace . 
 `` pardon me ? '' 
 `` at first , we blamed you . '' 
 grace 's eyes and nose were red and shiny . 
 her chin quivered and she dropped her head in her hands with a choking sob , unable to continue . 
 leonard stood by the door , his head hung low , hands shoved deep in his pockets . 
 `` we ... know it 's not your fault now . 
 we 're sorry we ever blamed you . 
 we just ... we just did n't know what to think . '' 
 his voice trembled and his eyes glistened . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 anne placed her hand on grace 's shoulder . 
 `` i do n't know what to think either . 
 i was afraid you still blamed me ... thank you . '' 
 the chain creaked . 
 the sun shined . 
 the grass waved . 
 `` can i ask , '' anne said after several minutes , `` what changed your mind ? '' 
 grace looked up and took anne 's hand . 
 `` it was seeing how upset you are . 
 looking in your eyes . 
 we can see how much you loved him . '' 
 they relaxed . 
 they cried . 
 they even managed to smile a few times . 
 anne told them about the neighbor 's comment that dan was now burning in hell . 
 `` so , what does your religion say ? 
 is he in hell ? '' 
 she ventured . 
 `` no , '' leonard answered . 
 `` there is no hell . 
 god loves everyone , and we all go to the same place after we die . '' 
 anne thought about that for a moment and then asked , `` no hell for anyone ? 
 not even for ... like ... hitler ? '' 
 a thin smile formed on leonard 's tired face . 
 `` no . 
 not even for hitler . '' 
 `` what about people from other religions ? 
 they all go to the same place ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 we all go to the same place . 
 god does n't care what religion you follow . 
 this religion sounded interesting . 
 anne wished dan had told her more about it . 
 `` what 's your religion called again ? '' 
 `` the baha’i faith . '' 
 the name did n't sound any more familiar to anne now , then it had when dan first told her about it . 
 as she talked with his parents , and the gentle acceptance of each other grew , she thought , perhaps , she could try needing these people after all . 
 chapter 16 thou hast written of the severe calamity that hath befallen thee - the death -lrb- by suicide -rrb- of thy respected husband . 
 that honorable man hath been so subjected to the stress and strain of this world that his greatest wish was for deliverance from it . 
 such is this mortal abode : a storehouse of afflictions and suffering ... the wise man , therefore , doth not attach himself to this mortal life and doth not depend upon it ; at some moments , even he , eagerly wisheth for death that he may thereby be freed from these sorrows and afflictions . 
 thus it is seen that some , under extreme pressure of anguish , have committed suicide . 
 as to thy husband , rest assured . 
 he will be immersed in the ocean of pardon and forgiveness and will become the recipient of bounty and favor . 
 ~ abdu ' l-baha -lrb- teachings of the baha’i faith -rrb- ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ in the baha’i faith , the deceased must be buried no more than one hour 's travel from the place of death . 
 to do otherwise , might cause confusion for the departed soul , delaying their passage to the next life . 
 for anne , the realization that dan would be staying here meant losing him for a second time . 
 nashville had taken him away from her , and like a jealous , jilted lover , would keep him forever . 
 if i ca n't have him , no one else can either , it seemed to taunt anne . 
 the funeral would be tomorrow . 
 dan 's family was at the funeral home today to view and help prepare his body in accordance with their burial rituals . 
 the police had given dan 's parents the personal effects he had on him when he died . 
 the silver ring and crucifix necklace anne had given him . 
 she watched as emily brought these things out of her purse , each one in a small plastic zip bag . 
 inside each bag , a small part of dan . 
 each item was covered with his blood . 
 emily handed them to the funeral director . 
 `` these will have to be cleaned . '' 
 anne 's hand intercepted the small bags as the funeral director reached out for them . 
 `` i gave these to him . '' 
 she pulled them carefully to her , as if claiming them . 
 `` can i put them on him ? '' 
 emily looked at anne for a moment , perhaps wondering who she was , this woman that her dead brother had worn a crucifix for . 
 `` of course , '' she finally managed to say . 
 anne pulled the items out , examining each in turn . 
 she studied the smears of blood as if hoping to find an answer there . 
 `` would you like me to clean those for you ? '' 
 the funeral director asked . 
 `` no . '' 
 why would she want him to wash part of dan away ? 
 she had so little of him left now . 
 as they were led by the director , through the funeral home toward dan , the scenery around anne blurred . 
 they reached a door , which she instantly knew was the door . 
 that door 's going to open , and i 'm going to see you dead , she had just enough time to think before it opened . 
 and she saw him . 
 dead . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ dan had not spent much time with his body after it was taken from his apartment . 
 tar had tried to convince him to watch his autopsy , saying that it would help dan ` let go ' . 
 but dan did n't have the nerve or the stomach for it . 
 now , as he looked down at his body , with his family around him , the truth of his situation hit him in a new and surprising way . 
 no , he had not been in denial , exactly . 
 and although he had fantasized about finding a way back , he understood that it would n't be possible . 
 but there must have been a buried hope somewhere , so small , so hidden , that he had not even been aware of its existence . 
 because all at once , it opened the doors to its hiding place and cried out . 
 a pitiful , silent wail rose up from deep in his heart , and his legs grew weak . 
 he faltered , and almost fell to his knees . 
 there were no more secret places now . 
 it was over . 
 he was dead . 
 he would never again be alive . 
 never be able to walk with them . 
 talk with them . 
 breathe , eat , sleep , fight , with them . 
 those terrible , wonderful , hideous , beautiful , flawed but perfect people that he loved so much . 
 they were all there , separate but together , on that cursed and yet glorious place called earth . 
 they were there , and he was not . 
 the shades of despair which had clung to anne for so many days swirled around him now , reaching out to him . 
 here , they seemed to find another source of pain that was raw and pure . 
 maybe , if they could n't have her , they could have him . 
 they caressed him lovingly and whispered in his ear . 
 `` come with us ... come with us ... '' and then dan did fall to his knees . 
 and , finally , saw a long tunnel . 
 he looked down that tunnel , into the means to his escape . 
 would he find release at the end ? 
 he started to fall forward into it , the dusky spirits ready to catch him , when suddenly , someone shook him hard . 
 he looked up into the face of an angel . 
 tar . 
 the shades recoiled in tar 's presence . 
 dan saw a man standing in the corner alone , just before the shades returned to him , and he disappeared into them . 
 tar pulled dan to his feet . 
 `` what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 `` i-i - do n't know ... what happened , '' dan said shakily . 
 `` why did you come here without me ? '' 
 tar asked . 
 dan 's head spun and his vision trembled along with his legs . 
 he blinked several times in an effort to reorient himself . 
 tar sighed and shook his head . 
 `` you should have gone to your autopsy like i told you . '' 
 they watched in silence , as one by one , his family left the room , leaving anne alone with dan 's body and dan 's spirit . 
 the two forever separated . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ dan 's body lay on a table , a white blanket pulled up to his chin . 
 anne wanted to touch him , but fear , colder than the refrigerated room she stood in , paralyzed her . 
 black and purple bruises ringed his eyes , and she saw faint traces of dried blood in his nose and ears . 
 his hair , still damp from being washed , had been parted neatly and combed to the sides . 
 dan would have hated it . 
 working up the courage , she reached out and touched his arm through the blanket . 
 the hardness of his arm startled her . 
 she had n't been prepared for that feeling . 
 resisting the urge to recoil , she forced her hand to stay there . 
 coldness seeped through the blanket and into her fingertips . 
 anne closed her eyes , inhaled deeply , and swallowed , fighting back a wave of nausea . 
 her hand moved up along his arm to his shoulder , then at last , his face . 
 bare skin , hard and cold . 
 she stepped nearer and put her hands on either side of his face , just below the holes which were filled with flesh colored wax . 
 resting her forehead on his , she closed her eyes . 
 your poor broken head . 
 what did you do to yourself ? 
 his cheek twitched . 
 she jumped slightly and looked up hopefully , about to say something , when she realized that the twitching must just the result of some biological process of decay . 
 closing her eyes and resting her forehead back on his . 
 she felt the muscle twitching in his cheek , and for just this moment , pretended he was alive . 
 fear of his body faded . 
 she grasped his hand and tried to interlace her fingers with his . 
 cold unyielding flesh , like a vise , tightened on her own . 
 the pulse in her fingers throbbed , and a purple tinge began to color the tips . 
 she finally had to release his hand . 
 `` i 'm sorry , dan , but you 're hurting my fingers . '' 
 she put his silver ring back on his finger , where it belonged . 
 she touched the crucifix around her neck , but did not put it around his . 
 `` jesus was n't there for you when you needed him , '' she whispered . 
 she wrapped her hand around his and laid her head on his chest . 
 how many times had she done this ? 
 more than simply listening to a heartbeat , this had been her affirmation , her confirmation . 
 there had been so much life churning inside him . 
 she felt it , heard it , immersed herself in it . 
 her head rising and falling with each breath he took . 
 the vibration of his heartbeat caressing her face . 
 the windy rush of air moving in and out of his lungs . 
 the muffled thudding of his heart , the gurgling of his stomach , the creaking and popping of his joints . 
 his body had been a cacophony of sights and sounds and sensations which she delighted in , for it meant that he was real and he loved her . 
 now his chest was hard and cold . 
 still and quiet . 
 she found herself holding her breath in an effort to hear even the minutest of sounds . 
 her heart pounded inside her chest and her ears rang until finally she took a choking gasp of air . 
 dan 's body remained still and quiet . 
 he was no longer there . 
 and then the last of her hope - the small , buried part that she kept hidden inside - broke out of its hiding place . 
 the same anguished , yet silent , wail burst forth from deep in anne 's heart . 
 the final bit broke away . 
 the last vestiges of an irrational but sturdy piece of hope - the hope she held onto these last few days , or had it been years ? 
 it left her now , flying away , into the recesses of that still , quiet heart . 
 an unfamiliar feeling of helplessness crawled over her , an inky coldness seeped into her heart . 
 the force of her despair came crashing down and she let it crush her . 
 she had been fighting it for days , trying to hold onto her sanity and self-control , but now she let it take her . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ dan noticed the dark spirits leaving from where they hovered close to her , small wisps breaking off and fading away . 
 the room became brighter as more and more of the darkness lifted . 
 for a joyous , fleeting moment he thought the despair was releasing her from its cruel embrace . 
 then he saw what stepped forth from the darkness . 
 the man he caught mere glimpses of before , now stood beside her , fully formed . 
 dressed in shadows , pale skin , long black hair . 
 gauzy filaments of inky blackness clung to him , unwilling to let go . 
 he held out his hands and touched her head which still lay on dan 's chest . 
 and the last of the clinging tendrils fell away from him . 
 `` do you see him ? '' 
 tar asked . 
 dan nodded . 
 `` i see him . 
 who is he ? 
 the one you told me about ? '' 
 `` yes , '' tar answered . 
 `` he 's called rale . '' 
 dan regarded the man for a moment longer . 
 `` he looks like another movie star , brad dourif . '' 
 tar gave him a sidelong glance . 
 `` what is it with you and movie stars ? '' 
 makes perfect sense , dan thought . 
 and , he supposed the decision had been made under that weeping willow tree , when he had been thinking about chucky , and billy bibbit , and martin klamsky . 
 her fear and his . 
 personified . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ anne could n't imagine ever walking out of this room and leaving him behind . 
 `` how will i make myself walk out of here ? '' 
 she said aloud . 
 her despair wrapped its arms around her and whispered in her ear . 
 `` you wo n't have to . 
 soon they will come and take you away . '' 
 that was a comforting thought . 
 so she laid her head on dan 's chest and waited . 
 and yes , just as the voice promised , they came for her . 
 `` come on , '' leonard said , `` it 's time to go . '' 
 he put his hands on her shoulders , and gently led her out the door . 
 chapter 17 dan stood alone beside his grave in an obscure little cemetery on the outskirts of nashville . 
 he had been dead for over a week now . 
 tar had wandered off , as he often did . 
 he must have stayed close , however , for he always came back when dan called his name . 
 in the distance , he could just see the highway he had driven so many times when he had been alive . 
 it was quiet here , except for the gentle wooshing of the distant traffic , and the lilting birdsong from the few trees that dotted the bumpy , uneven lawn . 
 heaps of wilting flowers covered the mound of dirt that marked his grave . 
 plastic flowers , some bright and cheery , others faded and frayed , marked the graves of his eternal neighbors . 
 the occasional plastic angel or cross or vase , tilted or fallen over , were sprinkled among the clusters of forgotten flowers . 
 dan looked toward the highway , the spark of sunlight on metal glinting in the distance . 
 he always hated that traffic , every morning forcing himself to pull out of his apartment parking lot and go to work . 
 i 'll never be in that traffic again . 
 now , it will be forever passing me by . 
 he had kept his distance from anne these past few days . 
 the dark spirit was always with her now . 
 rale , tar called him . 
 had they known each other in life ? 
 or only in death ? 
 dan tried to find out more about tar , but he would say very little . 
 `` i let go of that life , dan . 
 that 's been over and done for a very long time . '' 
 but dan saw something in tar 's eyes that made him wonder if that were true . 
 sometimes he saw a longing , and a remembering , and a certain kind of sadness that meant he still held onto something . 
 `` are you going to haunt this graveyard ? '' 
 tar unexpectedly asked him . 
 dan jumped . 
 `` tar , you startled me . 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` i might ask you the same question . 
 you spend so much time here . 
 why ? '' 
 dan sighed . 
 `` i 'm not sure , really . 
 i do n't know where to go ... what to do ... i do n't want to leave her , but , the truth is , i do n't want to be around rale . '' 
 `` it 's all right , i understand . 
 i do n't like being around him either . '' 
 tar paused . 
 `` you know ... you could move on now . 
 let go of all this . '' 
 dan was silent for a few moments before responding . 
 `` i wish i could . 
 but i 'm not ready to leave her . '' 
 `` well then , you 'll have to get over your fear of rale , '' tar replied . 
 `` because he 's not going to leave her anytime soon either . '' 
 chapter 18 dear dan , this book about grief says i should start a journal . 
 i 'm supposed to write down everything i wish i could say to you and what i 'm feeling and thinking . 
 i mean , really ? 
 how i 'm feeling ? 
 i 'm feeling pretty fucking sad . 
 it 's not that complicated , is it ? 
 okay , how about what i 'm thinking ? 
 i think about time a lot now . 
 and god . 
 it sounds cliché about realizing the value of time , but it 's true . 
 i 've always taken it for granted . 
 i remember when i told you we did n't have to talk to each other every day . 
 you used to drive me crazy calling me all the time . 
 did you know that ? 
 the first few days after you died , i kept calling your office phone so i could hear your voice mail greeting . 
 over and over i would call , until that voice was taken away from me too , when they disconnected your line . 
 i left so many messages ... i wonder if anyone listened to them ? 
 i 've spent hours and hours believing that if i just try hard enough , i can go back in time , to our last kiss . 
 i lay here alone in my apartment trying to will myself backwards in time . 
 i 'm not speaking metaphorically . 
 i believe that i can go back in time and change all this . 
 pretty hilarious , huh ? 
 sometimes i think i do n't have the power to go back in time , but god does . 
 and so i lay her and i try to make deals with a god that i never believed in , to work a miracle that i fully realize is impossible . 
 i promise god that i will devote my life to him and spend the rest of my life in service to him , if he will just let me open my eyes and be back at that moment . 
 no one would have to know but me . 
 it would be our little secret . 
 an all-powerful god could make it happen . 
 if i can just convince him , i can save you . 
 it 's pathetic , it 's wildly irrational . 
 but nonetheless , i sit for hours every day trying to make it happen . 
 i open my eyes over and over . 
 and nothing . 
 so , i give up on god . 
 he 's just a fairytale anyway , i tell myself . 
 i go back to trying to make it happen through the sheer force of my own will power . 
 i go over in my mind the days leading up to your death , like it 's my do-over . 
 if i can figure out what i did wrong , what i missed , what i should have done or said , then somehow , it will magically all be fixed . 
 i 'll go back in time . 
 i 'll open my eyes , and you 'll be standing in front of me . 
 and then i 'll save you . 
 i do n't know why i start thinking this way . 
 right now , i 'm rational and know that nothing will ever bring you back . 
 you are dead , and that 's the way you will stay forever . 
 god is not real . 
 time travel is not possible . 
 but , something changes when i start thinking . 
 my thoughts develop a will of their own , and drag me down into this fantasy land of make believe where i literally have the power to change the course of history . 
 if i just believe it strongly enough . 
 pray good enough . 
 wish hard enough . 
 and as irrational as i know these thoughts are , i 'm completely devastated all over again when it does n't work and you 're still dead . 
 i keep on doing my do-over , but nothing changes ... what the hell ? 
 so i think i must have done it wrong . 
 and i go back again , trying to re-do my do-over . 
 i 'll open my eyes and - poof ! 
 you 're still dead ... fuck ... ~ anne chapter 19 there is a sacredness in tears . 
 they are not the mark of weakness , but of power . 
 they speak more eloquently than ten thousand tongues . 
 they are the messengers of overwhelming grief ... and unspeakable love . 
 ~ washington irving ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ anne spent five days in tennessee , and when she returned to indianapolis , she spent another week alone in her apartment . 
 no one called or came over , and she felt it best to let alexandra stay with her father . 
 her appetite and thirst had long vanished . 
 in nashville she had been with people who insisted she eat something . 
 alone now , however , that pressure was gone . 
 for five days she ate nothing , and drank almost nothing . 
 typical for late may in indiana , the weather was hot and humid , yet anne turned the air conditioner off . 
 perhaps it was because of the chill that clung to her spirit . 
 perhaps it was because she searched for some form of hell in which to burn . 
 the heat crept in and wrapped around her , along with the cold shadows of grief . 
 the heavy sweater she wore slid over damp skin , causing prickly red rashes to rise on her stomach and neck . 
 her vision blurred as stinging sweat dripped into eyes already swollen and tender from salty tears . 
 anne stopped bothering with her contact lens in nashville . 
 now her glasses slid down over the perspiration on her face , etching red , shiny furrows in her nose as she constantly pushed them back up . 
 the moist heat from her face and eyes fogged the lenses . 
 she wiped the inside with equally moist fingers which smudged and smeared the glass . 
 a sudden bolt of anger drew her hand up to grab the infernal glasses and slammed them into the floor over and over and over again . 
 then she cradled the broken pieces in her hands , tears streaming down her sweaty face , because once again , she had destroyed something precious to her . 
 occasionally , the heat overwhelmed her and she got up to stick her head in the ice box for just a few blessed moments of relief . 
 she saw a carton of french vanilla ice cream , dan 's favorite flavor . 
 two days before he died they had snuggled on the couch eating this ice cream together , watching one of anne 's bad science fiction moves , ` death machine ' . 
 at the moment when the cop looked up and said `` holy donuts ! '' 
 right before the death machine fell on top of him , dan had groaned and laughed . 
 `` oh my god , anne , this movie is so bad . 
 how can you like this crap ? '' 
 anne giggled and scooped some more ice cream out of the carton dan held . 
 `` oh man , what are you talking about ? 
 i love this movie ! 
 the bad guy is so awesome . 
 it 's your buddy , brad dourif . 
 did you know that ? 
 it 's the dude who plays chucky and billy bibbit . '' 
 `` the only thing awesome about this movie , '' he said , `` is the ice cream . '' 
 now , looking at the carton through the swirling fog rushing out of the ice box and over her hot face , a wave of nausea rolled through her stomach . 
 why was the ice cream still here and dan was not ? 
 she smoked cigarettes and watched the same three vhs tapes over and over again , ` galaxy quest ' , ` re-animator ' , and ` death machine ' , only getting up to go to the bathroom , or to go smoke on the porch , or to hit the rewind and play button on the vcr . 
 muscles around her face and throat and abdomen tightened , strained , ached from strenuous and prolonged sobbing , until finally they trembled with exhaustion . 
 and then , at last , an expansive yawn released her and drew her down into a fitful yet welcome unconsciousness . 
 there she dreamed dark dreams that reflected her dark spirit . 
 in one dream , she saw the detective again . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said , `` there 's nothing i can do . '' 
 then his face started changing , morphing into the face of dr. herbert west , the re-animator . 
 he held up his hand , and instead of holding a pen , he now held a large syringe , filled with glowing yellow fluid . 
 at the end of the syringe , a long , silver needle gleamed . 
 `` there 's something i can do for him . '' 
 dr. west , crazy eyes set with determination , leaned over , moving the syringe downward . 
 anne saw with horror , that dan 's body lay on the metal gurney before him , and the needle hovered just above his head . 
 `` no ! '' 
 anne shouted , reaching for the syringe . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 dr. west asked reproachfully . 
 `` i thought you wanted him back ? 
 i can give him life ! '' 
 he slammed the needle into the bloody hole in the side of dan 's head and pushed the plunger down , the bright yellow fluid disappearing into dan 's flesh . 
 nothing happened . 
 dr. west hung his head and sighed heavily . 
 `` not fresh enough . 
 if only i 'd gotten to him sooner . '' 
 the tone of his voice was sharp-edged , accusing . 
 when he looked up , anne saw disappointment in his eyes . 
 `` i would have gotten to him sooner . 
 i never would have left him alone . 
 you did n't love him enough . '' 
 and then , dan 's eyes blinked rapidly . 
 he brought his hands up to his head , and screamed . 
 he sat up and turned to look at anne with dead eyes . 
 `` why did n't you save me ? '' 
 he asked , and then growling like a wild animal , arms flung out before him , he lunged at her . 
 anne woke screaming , and reached with shaking hands for a cigarette . 
 she went out onto the porch to smoke and watch the night sky move slowly above her . 
 as time passed , she had to go to the bathroom less and less . 
 she still cried , but seemed to have used up all her tears , for no more fell and her eyes became dry and red . 
 although she was as hot as ever , she must have become acclimated to the heat because she no longer sweated at all . 
 her lips became chapped and cracked , but at least the prickly rash went away . 
 she did n't smoke as much either because the porch was too far away to bother with . 
 more and more , her routine reduced itself to play ... rewind ... play ... rewind . 
 it was a strange comfort for her , a way to go back in time . 
 back to the beginning of the movie . 
 she had complete control over the lives of those tiny people in the tv . 
 some of them , she could even bring back to life just by hitting a button . 
 do-over . 
 no matter how many times she rewound them , however , the movies always ended the same and the same people still died in the same ways . 
 sometimes , she did n't have the strength to get up and hit the rewind button and the credits slowly rolled over the screen to the end of the tape . 
 then she stared at the blue screen until her eyes burned and she remembered to blink them . 
 she talked to dan less and less , and to the voice in her head more and more . 
 she stopped asking `` where are you ? '' 
 and started asking `` where is he ? '' 
 and a now familiar voice answered her . 
 `` he 's gone . 
 he 's dead . 
 it 's all your fault . '' 
 was that voice real ? 
 or was she just making it up in her head ? 
 an attempt to create a companion where one no longer existed ? 
 then , a man began coming to her in her dreams , a shadowy figure , who always reached for her . 
 anne was afraid of him . 
 she would dissolve if he touched her . 
 she tried to run away , but always came back to him . 
 he looked like the bad guy from ` death machine ' . 
 `` you are n't real , '' she finally said . 
 `` you 're just a scary guy from a movie . '' 
 `` no ... '' he answered , reaching for her , `` i 'm real . '' 
 or had he said ` rale ' ? 
 anne wondered , after she woke up , groggy and disoriented . 
 it only took a few seconds for the pain to sink in . 
 she did n't exactly forget when she slept , but somehow after waking , she remembered all over again . 
 and for that fleeting moment , it was fresh and new . 
 dan 's dead . 
 easy as pie . 
 in the darkness of her quiet bedroom anne searched for a sign of dan as she did every night . 
 scanning the room , she caught the glimmer of eyes watching her from the corner . 
 her own eyes flicked back to the corner , but it must have been only the glint of a passing car 's headlights reflected on the wall . 
 where is he ? 
 chapter 20 to anne , it seemed that dan 's troubles did n't start until he moved to nashville . 
 she did n't want him to go in the first place , but he insisted it would be a great opportunity . 
 `` this job is going to fix everything , i can tell . '' 
 he had said to her , his eyes wild and darting . 
 `` fix everything ? 
 what needs fixing ? '' 
 she replied , a little crinkle between her eyebrows . 
 his gaze froze , and he looked down , and shrugged . 
 `` well , nothing ... i mean ... it 's just a great opportunity is all . '' 
 by the beginning of march , all that began to change . 
 he became more and more dissatisfied every day . 
 `` just come back home , '' anne told him several times . 
 you hate that town , and that job , but we love you here . 
 come home . '' 
 dan resisted at first , saying he would feel like a failure for giving up so soon . 
 but at last he had agreed to return when the lease expired on her apartment at the end of june . 
 they looked at two bedroom apartments together . 
 anne began collecting boxes . 
 she even went to see a divorce attorney , something which was long overdue . 
 then an unexpected thing happened at the end of april , a week after they signed the lease agreement on their new place . 
 dan called her and told her he wanted to end the relationship . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 anne asked , bewildered . 
 `` i just do n't think this is going to work '' `` but we signed a lease agreement together ... '' `` yeah , i know , i 'm sorry , but i just do n't think this is going to work ... look , i have to go ... '' he hung up , and left anne staring at the phone in her hand . 
 she tried to call him back several times , but the phone just rang . 
 later that night , she got a phone call from sarah . 
 dan was in the hospital . 
 the next morning , she drove down to nashville , going to his apartment first , in order to find some kind of answer . 
 a note . 
 something . 
 but she found nothing there , except an unbelievably large pool of blood . 
 the coppery , musty scent of it wrapped heavily around her , filling her nose and mouth . 
 she brought both hands up , trying to shield her face from the assault . 
 next to the pool of blood lay an empty bottle of whiskey and an ashtray full of bloody cigarettes . 
 anne imagined him sitting on the floor , smoking cigarette after bloody cigarette , slowly dying . 
 would it have been slow , or long ? 
 she wondered . 
 how long does it take to bleed to death ? 
 anne knelt in front of the large pool , and touched it . 
 her fingernail disappeared in the depth of the cold , sticky blood . 
 she caught her breath . 
 my god , how did he survive this ? 
 later that morning , anne stood in the doorway of dan 's hospital room . 
 they looked at each other in silence . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 dan finally asked , his voice barely above a whisper . 
 anne smiled . 
 the image of him became bleary behind the tears in her eyes . 
 `` i came to see you . 
 did you think i would n't come ? '' 
 dan looked down . 
 `` i told rick i did n't want to see you . '' 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ anne had met rick in the hospital cafeteria before coming up to dan 's room . 
 he bore into her like a precision scalpel . 
 questioning . 
 accusing . 
 `` what did you do to him , anne ? '' 
 he asked almost immediately . 
 `` i-i ... '' anne stammered , `` i did n't do anything . 
 i have no idea what happened . 
 he called me yesterday and broke up with me out of the blue . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 rick scowled at her . 
 `` did you guys fight about something ? 
 something happened , damn it . 
 i 've known him practically my whole life and dan would never try to kill himself . 
 you did something to him , and by god , i 'm not going to let you go up there until i find out what it was . '' 
 anne was not the type to cry easily . 
 it was something she detested watching others do , and even more , detested doing herself . 
 nevertheless , she felt the watery devils welling up in her eyes , which she opened a little wider in an effort to contain them . 
 she sighed , and slumped heavily in the chair across from rick . 
 against her will , she blinked and the infernal tears slid down her face and hung on her cheek , testifying to all the world of her weakness . 
 `` he called me , rick . 
 he broke up with me . 
 and i have no idea why . 
 what did he tell you ? 
 does he blame me ? '' 
 rick studied her face , as if trying to find her guilt or innocence there . 
 she sat up a little straighter , knowing she had nothing to feel guilty about . 
 did she ? 
 finally , rick sighed and dropped his gaze , his voice softening . 
 `` no , anne . 
 he did n't blame you . 
 he told me the same thing you just told me . 
 he said it had nothing to do with you . '' 
 `` then why , rick ? 
 why did you blame me ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` because he is the last person on earth that i would think capable of this . '' 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ as she looked at dan , lying in a hospital bed , telling her he did n't want to see her , the nameless guilt reared up again . 
 was it her fault ? 
 anne 's voice trembled . 
 `` why do n't you want to see me ? 
 did i do something wrong ? '' 
 `` no , '' dan answered weakly . 
 `` then why ? '' 
 a tear slipped from the corner of his eye and traced a shimmering line down the dry skin of his face . 
 `` i did n't want you to see me like this . '' 
 anne 's fear and uncertainty vanished and she walked over to him . 
 she had never seen him cry . 
 as she got closer , she saw both of his arms , heavily bandaged and splinted at his sides . 
 `` my god , what happened ? 
 why ... ? '' 
 dan would n't look her in the eyes , something else she had never seen . 
 she reached out to touch his arm , but he pulled away . 
 `` i really do n't want to talk about it right now , okay ? 
 i 'm not ready . '' 
 he looked down at his hands . 
 `` okay , dan , it 's okay . 
 i 'm just glad you 're all right . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` do you want me to leave ? '' 
 he looked up , red eyes brimming with tears . 
 `` no , '' he said in a trembling voice , `` do n't leave . '' 
 after surgery to repair the tendons dan cut in his left wrist , they moved him to the psychiatric floor . 
 he only spent a week there . 
 they diagnosed him as clinically depressed , which he staunchly denied , and obsessive compulsive , which he scoffed at . 
 they gave him some medication , which he refused to take , and discharged him . 
 easy peasy , lemon breezy . 
 none of the staff from that floor ever said anything to anne . 
 when she asked the nurse behind plexi-glass if she could talk to his doctor , the nurse replied without looking up from her paper work , `` are you family ? '' 
 `` well , i 'm his fiancée . '' 
 `` sorry , we ca n't disclose medical information to you . 
 spouses or legal guardians only . '' 
 `` look , '' anne said , `` i 'm the one he 's coming home with , and i think i need to know what 's going on with him . 
 now i want to talk to his doctor . '' 
 the nurse looked up and raised her eyebrow . 
 `` his doctor is not going to talk to you about anything . 
 it 's a privacy issue . '' 
 anne felt red heat warming her pale face . 
 she clenched her jaw and said through gritted teeth , `` i knew this would be a waste of time . 
 you 're all the same . 
 completely useless . '' 
 she picked him up from the hospital , and he spent the last two weeks of his life with her and alexandra . 
 they went to the grand ole opry , and saw the titanic exhibit . 
 each ticket had a passenger name printed on it . 
 inside the exhibit was a list of names - who survived , who perished . 
 they laughed and considered it a lucky omen , because according to their tickets they all three survived the ill-fated voyage . 
 anne and alexandra held their hands as long as they could on a giant block of ice and then snuck up behind dan and put their cold hands under his shirt . 
 dan shouted in surprise and grabbed them , laughing all the while . 
 they visited the greek parthenon replica in nashville . 
 alexandra curled her hands into claws and chased dan . 
 `` im ' a nasty giant , and im ' a gon na eat you up ! '' 
 dan fell on the ground and let her climb over him as she raked him with her nasty claws and bit him with her sharp , nasty teeth . 
 they went to mammoth cave and dan carried alexandra through most of it . 
 in indianapolis , they went to the zoo , and the children 's museum , and the art museum . 
 the art museum garden was one of their favorite places to visit . 
 they paused on the bridge and kissed , and alexandra covered her eyes and said , `` ewww ! '' 
 when anne fell asleep on dan 's couch , he and alexandra covered her legs with easter stickers , from her ankles , all the way up to just below the bottom of her shorts . 
 anne laughed and said she loved it , and when they went out to dinner that night , she left the stickers on her legs . 
 alexandra squealed with delight and told everyone who would listen to her , `` i decorated my mama ! '' 
 several times dan assured her that he was not depressed , that he was glad to be alive , and that he did not want to die . 
 it never quite made sense to anne , but she did n't push the issue because she did n't want to put more pressure on him . 
 he seemed genuinely happy , so it was probably best to just forget about it , and move on . 
 dwelling on it too much would only embarrass him . 
 besides , she would have plenty of time to talk to him about it later , after his physical wounds had healed , and he was back home living with her . 
 then , everything would be fine . 
 sunday , may twentieth had been their last day together . 
 they stayed in bed most of the day and made love . 
 what anne did n't know was that the gun which would kill him lay only a few feet away , inside his duffel bag . 
 he had gone over to his parents the night before and snuck it out of their house while she had been at work . 
 she had to leave for work that sunday afternoon . 
 he would be leaving for nashville shortly after , returning to his job monday morning . 
 sometimes , he would wait for her to get home from work before leaving . 
 when she got home around 1 am , they would sleep together for a few hours , before he would silently slip away around 4 am to make the long drive back to nashville . 
 anne had waited too long to get out of bed this sunday , and was going to be late for work . 
 she rushed around , trying to get ready . 
 dan sat on the couch and she had her back to him . 
 `` are you going to be here when i get home tonight ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no . 
 i have to get going . 
 i have a bunch of stuff to do ... unless you want me to stay ... do you want me to be here when you get home ? '' 
 anne could n't see his face . 
 she stood with her back to him . 
 she tilted her head and a little crinkle formed between her eyebrows . 
 it seemed rather odd . 
 they had specifically taken care of everything in nashville before driving up to indy so that he would not have anything to worry about before his return to work . 
 what could he possibly have to do ? 
 she wondered for the briefest of moments before blinking and shaking her head . 
 `` no , that 's okay . 
 if you have stuff to do , go ahead and do it . '' 
 chapter 21 `` fuck , fuck , fuck ! '' 
 anne screamed to her empty apartment . 
 `` why did n't i turn around and look at him ? 
 why did n't i tell him to stay ? '' 
 she was lying in bed , once again thinking about all the things she did wrong . 
 all the signs she did n't see . 
 stinging silence echoed through her ears and grew louder . 
 why , she wondered , did her eyes also sting ? 
 oh right , she realized , and closed them . 
 when she opened them again , she saw rale sitting in the faded blue rocker beside the bed . 
 he leaned forward and looked in her eyes . 
 `` you did n't tell him to stay because secretly , you were glad to be getting rid of him . '' 
 anne closed her eyes , and then opened them again . 
 rale was still there . 
 `` you are n't real , '' she said , with some hesitation in her voice . 
 rale said nothing . 
 she sat up in bed and blinked her eyes several times , but he remained . 
 `` you are n't real , '' she repeated . 
 `` then what am i ? '' 
 his wild blue eyes seemed to look right into her soul . 
 a long strand of black hair fell forward into his pale face . 
 anne tried to think , but her head swam dizzily through a haze of black spots . 
 dry , cracked lips stung as she grimaced from the grinding waves of nausea that churned in her stomach . 
 `` i 'm ... hallucinating . 
 i-i-haven ' t had anything to eat or drink for days . 
 it 's ... dehydration . '' 
 pushing the strand of hair away , rale winked at her , a subtle smile on his face . 
 `` that 's possible . 
 why do n't you get something to drink , and see if i go away . '' 
 anne wondered why she did n't hallucinate a vision of dan . 
 why this alarming looking man ? 
 he looked like the shadow man from her dreams . 
 rale ? 
 was that his name ? 
 is he real ? 
 no , of course not . 
 she had just watched that movie too many times , she supposed , and now this man had seeped into her insanity . 
 still . 
 she did n't want to get up and get something to drink , because she did n't want this hallucination to go away . 
 at least it talked to her . 
 `` i was n't glad to get rid of him . '' 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 he spoke quietly , gently . 
 lulling her senses . 
 `` i understand . 
 with him gone , you were finally going to be able to relax . 
 you had been holding your breath for weeks . '' 
 `` no ... that 's not true ... , '' she said weakly . 
 `` he was so much responsibility . 
 your responsibility . 
 never quite knowing what to say . 
 always tip toeing around the edges of his feelings . 
 always afraid you would say the wrong things , never knowing how to say the right things . '' 
 anne remained silent , transfixed by the sound of his voice , by the spark in his electric blue eyes . 
 her own eyes burned , as she could not look away from him , even for the merest moment it would take to blink . 
 if she blinked , he might disappear . 
 rale leaned back in the chair , his elbows on the armrest . 
 he drew his hands up in front of him and rested his fingertips against each other . 
 `` your whole world had to revolve around him . 
 always afraid that at any moment he would break into a thousand tiny pieces . '' 
 they looked at each other . 
 everything rale said was true . 
 dan going back to nashville , back to his job , meant that things would go back to the way they had been . 
 she did n't have to be responsible for saving his life anymore . 
 he was healed . 
 she would have a few days to relax and not worry about him . 
 when he returned , he could go back to being the most perfect man she had ever known . 
 `` did he want me to tell him to stay ? '' 
 she asked . 
 rale inclined his head toward her . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 when she remained silent he went on . 
 `` he was waiting for a sign . 
 he gave you signs , anne . 
 and he hoped you would give him one . 
 but you never did . '' 
 anne thought back to that sunday afternoon . 
 dan had walked her out to the car . 
 he held her hand as they walked out together , but she was trying to hurry . 
 afraid of being late to work . 
 `` i 'll miss you , '' she said to him when they stopped in front of her car . 
 he put his arms around her and started to kiss her . 
 she tried to break away from him . 
 `` honey , i do n't have time , i 've got to go ! '' 
 dan tightened his hold on her , not letting her get away . 
 he put his hand on her cheek and turned her face to his . 
 `` you have time for one last kiss . '' 
 anne 's momentary irritation melted away as she looked in his eyes . 
 he kissed her long and passionately . 
 it was the kind of kiss you see in movies . 
 her heart raced , and her stomach fluttered . 
 she was smiling as his face moved away from hers , but he was not . 
 he looked sad . 
 `` gosh , dan , you 're acting like we 're never going to see each other again . 
 it 's only going to be a few days , silly . '' 
 he smiled for the first time . 
 `` i know , but it will seem like an eternity to me . '' 
 she shook her head playfully as she got in her car and smiled at him through the open window . 
 `` my hopeless romantic . 
 i love you . 
 call me as soon as you get home . '' 
 `` all right , i will . 
 i love you too . '' 
 as she drove away , she saw him in her rear view mirror , walking back to her apartment . 
 a bright , warm , glorious may day surrounded him . 
 he had his hands in his pockets , and a distant look on his face . 
 it was the last time she would ever see him alive . 
 the last moments of life in a rear view mirror . 
 he looks so sad , she thought to herself , and almost ... almost ... turned the car around and went back to him , but she was already so late . 
 he would be fine , she told herself . 
 i ca n't afford to lose any more time ... anne leaned toward rale , and whispered . 
 `` i almost turned the car around . '' 
 rale brought his hands together in a gesture of prayer and lifted them to his lips . 
 he sighed and nodded gently , speaking from behind his hands . 
 `` i know . 
 you almost saved him . '' 
 he dropped his hands back down to the armrests , the volume of his voice rising , almost pleading . 
 `` he hoped you would come back . 
 he hoped after that kiss you would stay with him . 
 you told him to call you when he got home , but when he did , you did n't answer the phone . 
 why ? 
 in the deepest hour of his despair , he reached out to you , hoping that you would take his hand in your own , and you just ... '' rale did n't finish the sentence , and for the first time , he looked away from her , shaking his head . 
 `` i could n't answer the phone , '' she said in a weak voice . 
 `` i was in the middle of an assay ... '' she had been at work , holding a tall glass pipette , transferring acid into a beaker when the phone rang at 11 pm . 
 she looked up , wondering if it was him . 
 but she could never get to it in time . 
 she could call him later . 
 rale looked back at her , eyes blazing with accusation . 
 `` but you never did call him back . 
 why ? '' 
 `` it was a hectic night ... i was so busy ... i never got the chan -- -- '' `` no ! '' 
 rale 's voice flung the sharp word at her , stinging her , and she flinched . 
 `` that 's what you tell everyone else , but i know the truth . 
 you had time . 
 you could have called him . 
 but you wanted to make him suffer . 
 just a little bit . 
 you wanted to punish him for everything he had put you through . '' 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 anne yelled at him , `` you 're not real ! 
 that 's not true ! '' 
 `` it is true , and you know it ! 
 he disappointed you . 
 the perfect man - not so perfect after all . 
 so , you did n't call him back . 
 you wanted to let him suffer . 
 and he did suffer . 
 he waited for hours . 
 just to hear your voice . 
 that would have saved him . 
 he thought you might call when you got home from work , but you did n't . 
 why ? '' 
 anne could n't speak . 
 she did n't want to talk to this hallucination anymore . 
 she wanted it to go away . 
 rale narrowed his eyes and sneered at her . 
 `` i know what you tell everyone - it was late , you did n't want to wake him , you were tired . 
 but we both know that 's not true . 
 you were n't quite done punishing him , were you ? 
 you had been at his beck and call for three weeks . 
 he could wait a little while longer . 
 the crazy son of a bitch could wait until morning . 
 but there would never be another morning for him . 
 he died alone , thinking you did n't care about him . 
 all because of your petty ... selfish ... '' `` shut up ! '' 
 anne screamed . 
 she was going insane . 
 she closed her eyes and crawled to the end of the bed . 
 darkness swirled around her and she realized she was losing consciousness . 
 she shook her head , trying to hang onto her lucidity , and fell onto the floor . 
 as she dragged herself to the bathroom , she realized a demon had come to torment her for letting him die . 
 perhaps she was dying right now , and he would drag her to hell with him . 
 any moment , his hand would tear into her flesh and pull . 
 with trembling hands , she turned on the faucet and splashed water on her face . 
 she tried to drink , but her mouth and throat were so dry that it was impossible to swallow . 
 the trickle of water ran down her throat , searing like flames . 
 when she finally worked up the courage to return to the bedroom , rale was gone . 
 part 2 forgiveness . 
 i never realized how important it was when i was alive . 
 i spent my life forgiving others , but did not realize that i could forgive myself . 
 i thought i had to fix myself , fix all the things that i thought were broken . 
 i thought i was weak , and i finally lost hope that i would ever become strong . 
 i did not realize that i could forgive myself for my weaknesses . 
 now , as i watch them , with my eyes finally open , i can see how they also struggle with their own burdens of guilt . 
 they search for forgiveness that they do n't think they deserve . 
 anne searches for forgiveness from me , knowing i can never give it to her . 
 will she ever be able to forgive herself ? 
 and what will become of her if she ca n't ? 
 ~ dan chapter 22 in every child who is born , in no matter what circumstances , and no matter what parents , the potentiality of the human race is born again . 
 ~ james agee ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ may slipped into june . 
 anne had been alone in her apartment for almost two weeks . 
 her mother and some of her friends called a few times , but anne assured them everything was fine . 
 being around other people was exhausting and she just wanted to be left alone . 
 she still could eat very little , but she forced herself to drink water every day . 
 the incident with rale scared her . 
 did dehydration cause hallucinations ? 
 or could this grief literally be driving her insane ? 
 whatever it was , anne decided , she needed to get a grip on reality . 
 she called tom , and he brought alexandra home . 
 alexandra wrapped her arms around anne 's legs and squealed with delight . 
 `` mama , i missed you ! '' 
 she ran over to her toy box and excitedly began pulling her toys out . 
 she spent quite a bit of time upside down in the box , with her tiny feet waving gently above the floor . 
 she suddenly tumbled out of the toy box and landed on her bottom , looking over at anne with a toothy smile . 
 `` where 's dan ? '' 
 anne hesitated only a moment . 
 `` dan 's not here right now , baby . '' 
 alexandra went over to the phone and picked it up . 
 `` call ? '' 
 `` no , baby , we ca n't call him right now , i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` when ? '' 
 anne sighed . 
 `` alexandra , we are n't going to be able to see dan again . 
 he 's gone now , and he wo n't be coming back . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 anne walked over to her , took the phone out of her still outstretched hand and placed it back on the cradle . 
 picking alexandra up , she carried her over to the couch , and sat with her in her lap . 
 alexandra 's eyes grew wider , as though she sensed something was wrong and was afraid . 
 anne could melt in those warm , chocolate eyes . 
 alexandra reached up and touched anne 's face . 
 `` where 's dan ? '' 
 anne looked at her tiny daughter , and realized that even though she was still a baby , she was not incapable of rational thoughts or emotions , like some people seemed to think . 
 they said alexandra would forget dan quickly . 
 said his absence would n't mean anything to her , said she would n't even notice . 
 but they did n't know how much alexandra loved dan . 
 anne knew alexandra was n't simply going to forget about him if she never mentioned his name again . 
 besides , anne did n't want alexandra to forget about dan , and she did n't want to never mention his name again . 
 they had been some sort of family , the three of them . 
 alexandra deserved the truth , even if she was n't able to fully understand it . 
 she sighed . 
 `` honey ... dan 's dead . '' 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ alexandra did n't know what ` dead ' meant , but she had heard it before , lots of times . 
 it had something to do with things that got broken . 
 things that got thrown away . 
 mama had called flies sleeping in the window sill ` dead ' . 
 alexandra poked them to make them wake up . 
 `` do n't touch those , baby , '' mama said . 
 `` they 're dead . 
 yucky . '' 
 then she swept them up and threw them in the trash . 
 alexandra knew what ` yucky ' meant . 
 dan 's not yucky . 
 mama talked a lot about batteries being ` dead ' . 
 and when she did , she threw them in the trash , too . 
 one time , alexandra could n't watch her shows for forever , because mama kept saying the tv was ` dead ' . 
 then she had picked up that tv and threw it in the scary , stinky dumpster . 
 is dan in ' a dumps ' er ? 
 alexandra shook her head and looked up at mama . 
 `` what 's dead ? '' 
 `` well , '' mama said with one of her long , heavy breaths , `` me and you - we 're alive right now . 
 you know how we can walk around , and talk and breathe , and think in our heads ? '' 
 alexandra nodded . 
 `` when someone is dead , they ca n't walk , or talk , or even think . 
 they stop moving , or breathing . 
 they just ... lay still . 
 they just ... do n't work anymore . '' 
 alexandra scrunched her eyebrows together . 
 dan stop breathing ? 
 is he holding his breath ? 
 alexandra held her breath sometimes when she was mad , but it hurt so bad she always had to stop . 
 then she would take a big breath . 
 dan just needed to stop holding his breath , and then he would feel all better . 
 `` do you remember when the tv stopped working ? '' 
 mama asked . 
 alexandra blinked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` one day , the tv worked fine , and the next day , it was dead , remember ? 
 it just stopped working . 
 and nothing we could do would fix it . 
 sometimes ... that happens to people . '' 
 alexandra 's mouth opened in a big o , and then she shouted . 
 `` but you threw the tv away ! '' 
 mama jumped a little . 
 `` i know honey ... '' `` is dan in ' a dumps ' er too ? '' 
 `` no , alexandra , no , of course not . '' 
 alexandra relaxed . 
 she had seen dan behind her eyes , lying in the dumpster . 
 holding her tv . 
 covered with batteries and sleeping flies . 
 `` where 's he at ? '' 
 `` well ... he 's ... buried in the ground . '' 
 alexandra 's eyes flew open wide . 
 she knew what buried meant . 
 `` buried in ' a ground ? '' 
 mama seemed a little bit scared now . 
 like , maybe she just messed something up . 
 `` well ... yes , '' she said slowly , `` when people die , they ... well , they put them in long boxes , and then dig a deep hole in the ground . 
 then they put the boxes in the ground and cover it up with dirt . '' 
 alexandra jumped off mama 's lap and shrieked . 
 `` you let them do that to dan ? 
 how could you , mama ? '' 
 she ran to her toy box looking for it . 
 where is it ? 
 my shovel , my shovel ! 
 there it is ! 
 picking up her plastic shovel , she turned to mama . 
 `` dig him up , mama ! 
 let 's go ! 
 buried is no good ! '' 
 behind her eyes , she saw dan covered with dirt , his eyes peeking out at her , like when they played peek-a-boo . 
 worms were in the ground too . 
 worms were yucky . 
 but she knew how to dig things up . 
 mama shook her head . 
 `` we ca n't dig him up , alexandra . 
 he 's dead . 
 his body does n't work anymore . 
 it 's like he 's asleep , but he can never wake up . 
 he does n't dream or think , or move . 
 he can never do anything ever again ... he 's gone forever ... he 's dead . '' 
 mama came over to her and kneeled down . 
 `` only dan 's body is buried , honey . 
 the real dan . 
 the dan that thinks and feels . '' 
 she reached up and touched alexandra 's head . 
 `` the part of dan that lived inside here , inside his head . 
 he flew out of there , and up to heaven . 
 dan 's in heaven now . 
 with god . '' 
 alexandra 's eyes brightened and got bigger . 
 `` with god ? '' 
 she did n't really know who god was , but he was like santa . 
 he did good things for her and she was supposed to thank him a lot and be a good girl because he watched her all the time . 
 she stood , holding her red shovel up for a long time , trying to understand what mama said . 
 finally , she lowered her hand . 
 `` why he 's dead ? '' 
 mama 's eyes got all shiny and a little tear fell from each one when she blinked . 
 she shook her head some more and dropped it down in her hands . 
 `` alexandra ... baby doll ... i think i 'm messing this all up ... i do n't know what to do . '' 
 alexandra put her hand on mama 's shoulder . 
 `` mama , jus ' tell me the troof . 
 that 's what you always say ... why dan 's dead ? '' 
 mama looked up and smiled a tiny little smile . 
 `` okay , baby doll . 
 the truth . 
 he hurt his head very badly . '' 
 alexandra dropped the shovel , and put both hands up to her head . 
 `` hurt his head ? '' 
 she knew what getting hurt meant . 
 she got hurt lots . 
 getting hurt did not mean getting buried . 
 getting hurt always got fixed . 
 `` yes , baby , he hurt his head very , very badly , and it could n't be fixed . 
 he hurt his head so bad , that he died . '' 
 `` how he 's hurt his head ? '' 
 silence . 
 `` mama ? '' 
 `` he got shot in the head ... with a gun . '' 
 alexandra knew about guns . 
 she looked at her toy box . 
 she saw one of her toy guns peeking out from under her big stuffed rabbit . 
 she played with dan lots with her gun . 
 she would point it at dan and shout `` bang ! '' 
 he always put his hands up to his chest and yelled , `` oh ! 
 you got me ! '' 
 and then he would fall down and pretend to be sleeping . 
 she would tippy toe up to him , and he would grab her and shout , `` arrggh ! 
 got ya ! '' 
 then he tickled her and they would both laugh . 
 he never got hurt for real . 
 he always just pretended . 
 maybe this was a game , and mama was pretending . 
 `` who shot him ? '' 
 `` he shot himself , honey . 
 he did n't use a toy gun , like the ones you play with . 
 he used a real gun . '' 
 she knew the difference between toys and real things . 
 real things worked better than toys . 
 `` why he do that , mama ? 
 why he shoot his-self ? '' 
 mama let out another one of her big breaths . 
 `` well , baby ... sometimes things happen accidently , you know ? 
 sometimes we do n't mean for something bad to happen , but it does . '' 
 alexandra nodded . 
 `` you haf ' ta be careful , right ? '' 
 `` that 's right , '' mama said . 
 `` careful . 
 we always have to be very careful , or bad things can happen , and we can get hurt . '' 
 alexandra did not know about some of these things mama said , and she was tired of trying to figure them out . 
 `` mama , we need to dig dan up , and taking ` im to the doctor . 
 the doctor , he can fix dan 's head . '' 
 `` honey , the doctor ca n't fix dan 's head . '' 
 `` yes he can ! '' 
 alexandra stomped her foot and pointed to her head . 
 `` he can put a ban-aid there an ' fix it . '' 
 ban-aids fix everything . 
 mama held her arms out . 
 `` come here , baby doll . '' 
 alexandra knew what this meant . 
 when mama did this , it meant the talking was all done , and she was n't going to get something she wanted . 
 this meant she would not see dan again . 
 he would stay buried in the ground , or up in heaven with god , whoever he was . 
 if god was n't going to let dan come home , then she did n't think she would say thank you to him anymore . 
 tears filled up her eyes . 
 mama wrapped her arms around her , and they both cried . 
 chapter 23 on these magic shores children at play are forever beaching their coracles . 
 we too have been there ; we can still hear the sound of the surf , though we shall land no more . 
 ~ j.m. barrie , peter pan ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ alexandra sat on the living room floor making play-doh birthday cakes for her barbie dolls . 
 mama slept on the couch . 
 she liked it better when mama slept because then she did n't cry . 
 mama was sick , or something . 
 she cried a lot and always said she did n't feel good . 
 sometimes , alexandra pretended that she was the mama , and did all the things for mama that mama did for her when she cried . 
 she hugged her , kissed her , touched her forehead with the back of her hand . 
 she said things like , `` it 's okay '' and `` poor baby . '' 
 mostly , she just tried to be real quiet so mama would sleep . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ dan stood in the bedroom looking out through the window . 
 it reached almost all the way to the ceiling and almost all the way to the floor . 
 he had always hated this particular window because it was so large that when he stood in front of it , a person outside would be able to see his entire body and a good deal of the room he stood in . 
 he felt helplessly exposed by this window , and the window seemed to know it . 
 the wooden slats which sectioned off the glass panes resembled the shapes of freakish , square eyes . 
 the long , wide sill along the bottom , the slit of a mouth , which grimaced at him . 
 dan would close the curtains , hiding the ghoulish face from himself , and hiding himself from the ghoulish world . 
 and anne would forever draw the curtains back open . 
 `` for goodness sake , let some light in here ! 
 i love these windows , do n't you just love all that natural light ? '' 
 dan would explain to her about people being able to see in . 
 and she would laugh and look outside . 
 `` who 's looking ? 
 there 's no one out there , dan . '' 
 one time she teased him about it . 
 `` let 's give them something to look at . '' 
 she maneuvered him close to the window , grabbed his coat by the shoulders and pulled it off , letting it drop to the floor , and tried to kiss him . 
 a sudden jolt of anxiety , like an electric shock , coursed through his body as his back touched the window and he saw the dried up husk of a dead fly on the sill . 
 he was exposed and vulnerable in the yellow lamp light that shone out into the darkness . 
 he cringed and pushed her away . 
 `` stop it , anne . 
 this window is so gross , why do n't you ever clean it ? '' 
 anne tilted her head to the side and bit her lower lip . 
 `` you 're no fun anymore . 
 i swear you get more uptight every day . 
 if the window bugs you so much , then clean it yourself . '' 
 so , while anne and alexandra baked chocolate chip cookies , laughing and making more messes , dan cleaned the window . 
 scrubbing until the paint started rubbing off . 
 trying to scour away the dirt , and the ghoulish face , and the anxiety . 
 alexandra came into the bedroom now and dan turned his head to look at her . 
 grape juice stained her little cherubic face and she had a sparkle in her gaze , which almost seemed directed at him . 
 if only he could play with her once m -- -- `` hi , dan , '' alexandra said , waving her tiny fingers . 
 she was looking directly in his eyes . 
 could she see him ? 
 no , that 's impossible , she 's just pretending , imagining that -- -- `` hi dan , '' she said again . 
 her purple stained lips parted as they turned upward in a toothy smile . 
 dan blinked . 
 `` alexandra ? '' 
 alexandra giggled and ran toward him . 
 dan cringed as she approached , not knowing what to expect . 
 would she run right through him ? 
 suddenly , gloriously , her tiny arms wrapped around him . 
 `` dan ! '' 
 his legs muffled her bubbly laughter as she buried her face in them . 
 falling to his knees , dan wrapped himself around her . 
 `` my god ... '' alexandra was solid and warm . 
 her body shook as she giggled and nuzzled her face into his chest . 
 the vibrations traveled through his spirit , bringing an effervescent tingle and warmth along with them . 
 he held her by the shoulders and pulled her away . 
 alexandra looked in his eyes . 
 tears sprang forth and the air in dan 's lungs evaporated . 
 a smile rose up causing his eyes to squint and the tears to spill over . 
 he gasped for breath . 
 `` alexandra ... how ... ? '' 
 `` mama said you was dead . '' 
 `` i-i - '' dan looked down at himself , and then back at her . 
 `` i am . '' 
 alexandra blinked and looked at him . 
 then she smiled and pulled on his hand . 
 `` come on . 
 mama wants you . '' 
 she tried to pull him toward the door . 
 dan could n't breathe . 
 he felt shaky , and all at once lighter as tears of joy ran down his face . 
 alexandra pulled on his hand which now stretched out in front of him . 
 he pulled her back and hugged her close , the scent of grape juice and play-doh tickling his nose , assuring him that this was real . 
 `` alexandra , i love you . '' 
 `` i love you too , dan . 
 but mama ... '' she pointed toward the living room . 
 `` mama ca n't see me , honey . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because ... i 'm dead . 
 no one can see me but you . '' 
 his voice faltered for a moment and he inhaled sharply . 
 `` i do n't know how you can see me . '' 
 alexandra struggled under his grasp . 
 she squirmed and pushed on his chest with her hands , breaking free of his embrace . 
 she cocked her head and put her balled up fists on her hips and looked at him fiercely . 
 `` i do n't know what dead is , or why people keep sayin ' that word . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` it do n't matter . 
 you 's not hurt and you 's not buried . '' 
 she pointed again to the living room . 
 `` mama . 
 she 's in there . 
 she 'll stop cryin ' now . '' 
 alexandra paused for a moment and then reached out and touched dan 's head . 
 `` why you cryin ' ? 
 you 's not hurt . '' 
 dan looked up , and saw rale standing in the doorway , watching them . 
 would she be able to see him as well ? 
 could he hurt her ? 
 panic , as wild as fire , blazed through dan 's spirit . 
 what was he supposed to do ? 
 tar will know what to do . 
 `` tar ? '' 
 he called sternly as he watched rale . 
 and with a tiny little pop , and a flash of orange light , tar appeared beside dan , smiling as though amused at his own theatrics . 
 `` yes ? 
 i 'm here . '' 
 alexandra looked up at him , eyes wide . 
 `` who 's that ? '' 
 she whispered suspiciously to dan . 
 tar smiled , and kneeled in front of her . 
 `` hi there . 
 i 'm a friend of dan 's . '' 
 alexandra 's eyes got bigger . 
 `` are you god ? '' 
 tar chuckled . 
 `` no , i 'm tar . '' 
 alexandra touched tar 's cheek . 
 `` are you dead too ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i am . '' 
 he reached out and ran his fingers lightly over the side of her face , from her forehead down to her chin . 
 rale watched silently from the doorway . 
 when tar touched alexandra 's face , he started to move forward , his hand reaching for her . 
 `` stay away from her ! '' 
 dan shouted , as he pulled alexandra toward him , protectively . 
 rale stopped moving , looked at his outstretched hand as if surprised to find it there , and dropped it to his side . 
 alexandra turned to look behind her , in the direction of dan 's gaze . 
 for a moment it seemed that the three spirits collectively held their breath . 
 rale dropped to his knees and looked at her as if she could save him . 
 `` who you talkin ' to ? '' 
 alexandra asked , her eyes passing over rale , as they did all the other inconsequential items in the room . 
 the hope dan had seen on rale 's face just the moment before vanished in a brief flash of pain . 
 rale sighed and closed his eyes . 
 he smiled and shook his head gently . 
 then he stood up , casting one more look of longing at alexandra , and left the room . 
 dan hugged her close . 
 `` no one , honey . '' 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 she squirmed out of his embrace and pointed again toward the living room . 
 `` mama 's in there . '' 
 `` who are you talking to ? '' 
 anne said . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ alexandra twirled around , and saw mama standing in the doorway . 
 `` dan ! '' 
 `` dan ? 
 what are you talking about , baby ? 
 dan 's not here . '' 
 `` he 's right here , mama . '' 
 she spun back around and pointed , but her smile slipped away . 
 `` he was right there , mama . '' 
 mama let out one of those big breaths . 
 `` honey ... i told you , dan 's gone . 
 remember ? 
 he 's dead , and we wo n't be seeing him again . '' 
 `` no mama . 
 he 's playin ' hide ’n seek . 
 you know how good a hider he is . '' 
 alexandra looked around the room , and under her blankie , and behind the door . 
 she scrunched her eyebrows and huffed a little . 
 dang it , he 's such ' a good hider . 
 `` mama , he was jus ' here , with that friend . '' 
 mama came in and sat on the bed , her eyes looking around the room . 
 `` what friend ? '' 
 `` you was wrong , mama . 
 dan 's not up in heaven with god , he 's right here with tar . '' 
 `` tar , huh ? 
 and who exactly is tar ? '' 
 `` dan 's friend . 
 he 's dead too . 
 i hugged dan soooo tight , '' she said , giggling . 
 `` now he 's hidin ' . '' 
 she smiled a great big smile as she skipped out of the room . 
 `` he wo n't be dead bery much longer , '' she called to mama over her shoulder . 
 chapter 24 dan watched alexandra skip out of the room , leaving anne sitting alone on the bed . 
 he turned to tar with a puzzled look on his face . 
 `` what happened ? 
 why ca n't she see me anymore ? '' 
 tar shrugged . 
 `` well , it 's a fleeting thing with children . 
 the younger they are , the better they see . 
 babies see us almost every time . 
 but of course , who are they going to tell ? '' 
 `` why did n't she see rale ? '' 
 `` because rale 's spirit is full of darkness and despair , and alexandra does n't know those things . 
 her spirit ca n't see them yet . '' 
 dan looked at his hands . 
 `` i touched her . 
 my god ... she felt me touching her . '' 
 `` she felt you with her spirit , not her physical body . '' 
 `` i do n't ... i do n't understand . '' 
 tar walked to the doorway and watched alexandra playing in the next room . 
 `` well , it 's because she has n't been there very long , in that physical world . 
 she still remembers how to be her spirit . 
 but the longer she 's in that body , the more her spirit will forget and she 'll start using her brain for everything . '' 
 anne closed the blinds and laid on the bed with her eyes closed . 
 dan longed to touch her the way he had touched alexandra . 
 `` anne could see him , tar . 
 rale , i mean . 
 she actually talked to him . 
 is that possible ? '' 
 tar 's face darkened . 
 `` he has a way of making his presence known . '' 
 `` can you do it ? 
 can you talk to her like he does ? '' 
 `` not like he does . 
 i can only talk to her in her dreams . '' 
 `` i 've tried to talk to her in her dreams , '' dan said . 
 `` i just have no idea how to do it . 
 will you do it for me ? 
 can you give her a message from me ? '' 
 `` well ... '' tar shrugged . 
 `` i can try . 
 no promises . '' 
 `` what do you mean , try ? 
 is n't it easy for you ? '' 
 `` yes , it 's easy , but it probably wo n't mean anything to her . 
 she does n't know me so i wo n't make a strong impression . 
 she wo n't believe that i 'm anything but a dream . 
 if she remembers me at all . '' 
 dan smiled . 
 `` you 'll make a strong impression . 
 i 'm sure of it . '' 
 `` i will try . 
 what is it you want me to tell her ? '' 
 now that tar asked , what did he want to tell her ? 
 there was so much . 
 `` tell her that i 'm sorry . 
 and tell her that i love her ... and that i 'm okay . '' 
 tar turned toward anne and dan grabbed his arm . 
 `` wait . 
 tell her that i 'm always with her and that i 'll never leave her . 
 and god , just tell her how sorry i am , and -- -- `` `` stop . '' 
 tar twisted away from him . 
 `` i ca n't say that much to her . 
 dreams are fleeting , unpredictable . 
 if i can get her to focus on me at all , it 'll only be for a short time . '' 
 he walked over and kneeled beside the bed . 
 he reached out for her , his hand hesitating slightly before touching her face . 
 he leaned in and whispered something in her ear . 
 chapter 25 tar leaned in close to anne 's sleeping face . 
 `` anne , can you hear me ? '' 
 his lips brushed her ear . 
 a tingle of life caressed his spirit . 
 the room and the world faded away , as the velvety greyness of her subconscious folded around him . 
 he still kneeled by the bed , but anne now stood beside him , looking down at him . 
 `` yes , i can hear you . '' 
 tar stood up and took both of her hands in his own . 
 the tingling sensation moved through him like warm water poured over cold skin . 
 at first it burned and he winced . 
 then the burning melted into a soothing balm which flowed through him . 
 this was her spirit , ablaze with life . 
 tar blinked and took a shaky breath . 
 `` do you know who i am ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she answered sleepily , `` you 're the guy from ` galaxy quest ' . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm tar . 
 dan 's friend . '' 
 she squinted and leaned closer to him . 
 `` tar ? '' 
 `` that 's right . '' 
 her eyes opened a little wider . 
 `` are you god ? '' 
 tar chuckled . 
 `` no , i 'm not god . 
 just a friend . 
 dan wants me to give you a message . '' 
 her mouth opened and closed and she shook her head slowly from side to side . 
 `` it 's hard to talk . '' 
 `` do n't try , '' he said . 
 `` just look at me and listen carefully . '' 
 anne relaxed and nodded . 
 `` dan is sorry , anne . 
 he loves you . 
 and he 's okay ... can you remember that ? '' 
 the corners of her mouth turned down and a little crinkle formed between her eyebrows . 
 `` i 'm not sure ... can you tell me again ? '' 
 tar still held her hands and he pulled her closer so their bodies touched . 
 taking her hands in one of his , he placed the other on the side of her face . 
 leaning down to look closely in her eyes , tar saw the pool of eternity reflected back at him . 
 he could fall into the depth of those eyes . 
 the living force of creation flowed through her spirit like a raging , racing river that shot forth over the edge of the world and fell , tumbling and splashing , into the ocean of eternity . 
 if it had been real , tar would have felt her breath on his face and the beating of her heart on his chest . 
 what he felt now was a shiver in his spirit as it touched hers , the hot rush of life shooting through him and setting him on fire with passion and shame , joy and grief . 
 `` anne . '' 
 his voice trembled . 
 pausing , he closed his eyes and clenched his jaw . 
 when he opened them , he looked at her again . 
 `` anne . 
 dan is okay now . 
 he 's sorry that he left . 
 and he loves you very much . '' 
 anne blinked her starry eyes . 
 `` is he with you ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` can i see him ? '' 
 tar looked down . 
 `` do you see this ? '' 
 a dark , broad line seared the greyness next to their feet . 
 `` yes '' `` dan ca n't cross it . 
 he 's on the other side . '' 
 anne moved toward the line . 
 `` can you take me there ? '' 
 tar put his arms around her waist and pulled her back , holding her close to him protectively . 
 `` no . 
 you ca n't come with me . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 tar gave her a sad kind of smile and brushed a loose strand of hair away from her face . 
 `` because you 're alive . '' 
 she laid her head on tar 's chest . 
 `` i miss him . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 tar held her silently for a moment , the top of her head nestled under his chin . 
 he had n't been this close to such powerful living emotions in a long time . 
 the feeling overwhelmed him . 
 he felt as if he was breathing , and his breath was ripped away from him . 
 he felt as if he was crying , and the tears stung his eyes . 
 how does rale do this ? 
 how has he carried this burden for so long ? 
 `` anne , i 'm not the only one who 's come to you . 
 someone else is here with you . 
 did you know that ? '' 
 she nodded , her head rubbing against his chest , sending pulsing waves of tingling life through his spirit . 
 `` he 's always with me now . 
 we talk sometimes . 
 he 's the guy from ` death machine ' . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 tar drew her away from him . 
 he leaned down close and held her face in his hands , their foreheads touching . 
 `` he 's a spirit like me . 
 but he 's full of sorrow , like you . 
 he might try to take you with him . 
 but you must not go . 
 you must stay with alexandra . 
 she will protect you . 
 can you remember that ? '' 
 anne nodded , her eyes growing sleepy again . 
 `` i 'll try . '' 
 tar hung his head and then looked in her eyes one last time . 
 he sighed and started to step back . 
 she felt his movement , and tried to stop him . 
 `` wait . 
 please do n't leave me . '' 
 tar blinked several times , hesitating for only a moment before letting her go . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ tar stood up beside the bed where anne still slept . 
 dan saw a pained look on his face and a watery glisten in his eyes . 
 as tar walked over to him , dan tried to look in his eyes , unable to believe what he thought he saw there . 
 tar turned away and when dan reached out to him , he vanished in a misty cloud of grey fog . 
 had he talked to anne ? 
 if so , what had happened ? 
 dan heard a gentle movement from the corner and a chill passed through him . 
 he turned and saw rale standing in the shadows . 
 he looked back at anne and wondered what she dreamt of now . 
 chapter 26 dear dan , `` i could n't live without you '' `` i 'd die without you '' it 's all bullshit . 
 people say it all the time , but they do n't mean it . 
 i said the words . 
 i said them so many times . 
 just casually tossed them out there , like everyone does . 
 what did i mean ? 
 did i mean that my body was so frail and weak , that it would literally shatter if you were no longer with me ? 
 or did i mean that i needed your love to nourish my body , like i need food and water ? 
 do we think our love is that powerful ? 
 that to have it taken away would cause our bodies to stop working , like when air is taken away ? 
 did i believe that ? 
 no ... i did n't believe it ... i was just full of the same bullshit everyone else is . 
 you are gone , and i want to die , but i do n't . 
 my heart keeps beating , and i keep drawing breath after fucking breath ... on and fucking on ... i feel on the verge of panic all the time . 
 i ca n't find the right words to describe this agitated feeling . 
 it 's like looking for lost keys , except this is so much more important than my keys , it 's you . 
 where are you ? 
 i need to talk to you about the tragedy in my life , except you are the tragedy . 
 everything seems darker and out of focus . 
 sounds seem sort of muffled , or like the volume has been turned down . 
 my jeans are getting looser every day , yet i feel like i weigh more . 
 i saw a nature show once where a mother cheetah was searching for her cubs , who had been killed by lions . 
 she was pacing around their tiny dead bodies , but still calling to them . 
 she had a look of confusion on her face , like she did n't understand . 
 i feel like a mother animal searching for my lost baby . 
 i know you are gone . 
 i see your dead body . 
 yet i still have this urge to find you , protect you . 
 save you . 
 ~ anne chapter 27 quiet and sincere sympathy is often the most welcome and efficient consolation to the afflicted . 
 said a wise man to one in deep sorrow , `` i did not come to comfort you ; god only can do that ; but i did come to say how deeply and tenderly i feel for you in your affliction . '' 
 ~ tyron edwards ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ anne returned to work , but nobody said much to her . 
 as a matter of fact , conversations tended to end when she entered a room . 
 a few times she tried to say something funny , but nobody laughed . 
 maybe she said it wrong . 
 whatever . 
 she found a sympathy card in her employee mail box . 
 her boss had signed his name at the bottom , `` paul . '' 
 how thoughtful . 
 she stayed at her parents ' house for a few days , but it did n't really work out . 
 tom complained about the extra distance he had to drive to drop alexandra off in the mornings . 
 her father seemed uncomfortable around her . 
 he avoided being alone with her . 
 for some reason , her mother seemed angry at her . 
 `` anne , you 've got to get over this and move on . 
 i mean , it 's not like you were married to the man . '' 
 at a bookstore near their house , anne bought every book she could find on suicide and contacting the dead . 
 she sat on the front porch swing , gently rocking , soothed once more by the steady creaking comfort of a chain moving back and forth . 
 now , she stared out over corn fields . 
 the green heads bobbing and swaying in the wind . 
 the gentle rustling sound as the stalks brushed against one another was a mesmerizing lullaby that soothed her bruised spirit . 
 her mother 's comments became more pointed . 
 `` obviously the man had some kind of severe mental disorder , anne . 
 it 's better that it happened now , before you married him . 
 think about how much worse it would have been if he had waited five or ten years . '' 
 her mother tried to comfort anne , tried to understand . 
 but she did n't know anything about this kind of grief . 
 `` we all suffer losses like this , anne . 
 we ca n't just stop living and become depressed . 
 we have to move on , even when it hurts to move . 
 believe me , i know what it 's like . '' 
 most people had a tendency to tell anne their own stories of grief . 
 tell her they understood exactly what she was going through . 
 anne was quite sure that their intention was not to compare scars , but that 's how it felt . 
 none of them had lost lovers , though , or even spouses . 
 they told her about dead parents ... siblings ... grandparents ... and anne wondered how they could ever understand . 
 `` it 's not the same thing ! '' 
 she wanted to scream at them . 
 when her mother suggested anne start taking anti-depressants , anne blew cigarette smoke in her face and said , `` this is n't depression , mom , it 's grief . 
 and it 's only been a month . 
 a pill wo n't fix it . '' 
 none of them had the slightest idea what was wrong with her , and she did n't have the strength , or desire to explain it to them . 
 besides , it 's not like anyone ever asked . 
 anne understood that , in her own way , her mother was trying to help . 
 trying to clear a path to freedom for her with the sharp scythe of logic which had always served anne so well in the past . 
 tried to cut the emotional ties to a dead man before they corrupted her daughter 's spirit . 
 but the ties were stronger than her mother 's logic , and her scythe only cut anne 's already tender heart . 
 the scent of rural indiana life - pig manure , fresh tar , plowed earth , cut hay warming in faded red barns - entered through her nose and filled all the dark recesses of her mind . 
 the scents , more than any other sensation , held onto the happy memories of her childhood . 
 riding her bike over the hot road in summer , the bubbling tar popping under her tires . 
 sneaking into the farmer 's barn to see the new spring piglets . 
 jumping from the loft onto mounds of fresh , itchy hay . 
 getting lost and dizzy in endless rows of corn . 
 `` you could have gotten married to the man , '' her mother said . 
 `` had children . 
 thank god you did n't get pregnant by him . '' 
 okay . 
 that stung . 
 anne turned to look at her mother , finally . 
 what do you want from me ? 
 and what am i doing here ? 
 packing up her books and cigarettes , she left the next morning . 
 this is all i need . 
 just my books , my cigarettes , and my memories of you . 
 when she got back to her apartment , she called her sometimes best friend , sometimes worst enemy , sean . 
 they fell in love in high school . 
 he was her first boyfriend . 
 they had been separated for seven years . 
 anne had gotten married , bought a house , started a family , left her husband , and gotten engaged all over again . 
 sean still lived in that crappy little apartment . 
 he drove her bat shit crazy , and infuriated her most of the time . 
 but he always made her laugh . 
 and it did n't matter if he was currently her best friend , or her worst enemy , she could always count on him . 
 she had n't seen him in several months , but they usually talked on the phone and emailed at least weekly . 
 `` why did n't you call me sooner ? '' 
 sean asked . 
 `` i left you a bunch of messages . 
 i was getting worried about you . 
 `` i. . . 
 do n't really know , '' she answered . 
 `` i 'm not really thinking too clearly . 
 i think i might be going insane . 
 i 'm hearing voices . '' 
 it had been four weeks to the day since she had last seen dan alive . 
 sean paused for a moment . 
 `` i 'll come get you after work . 
 i know exactly what you need . '' 
 anne knew that `` what you need '' meant drugs , and for the first time in her life , she wanted to take them . 
 now she waited at her apartment , biding her time until sean arrived to pick her up . 
 alexandra was with her father for the weekend , and anne lay on her bed in the dark . 
 one of her books on talking to dead people suggested mirror gazing . 
 black trash bags were taped over the windows in the bedroom , blocking out even the faintest ray of light . 
 a large mirror leaned against the wall . 
 lighting a single candle , she would stare into the mirror for hours trying to catch a glimpse of dan . 
 in the cool darkness of her bedroom , she talked to rale . 
 `` tar told me not to go with you . '' 
 `` i 'm not trying to take you anywhere , '' he answered softly . 
 `` why ca n't i see you ? 
 if you 're real , how come i only see you in my dreams ? 
 why not when i 'm awake ? '' 
 `` you did see me when you were awake , remember ? '' 
 yes , she remembered . 
 she hoped to trick her subconscious into a false step , trick it into admitting that this was all in her head , a feeble and disturbing way of coping with dan 's death . 
 sometimes , she attempted to reveal rale for what he was - a figment of her imagination . 
 now she allowed herself to fall back into the gentle arms of unburdened faith . 
 it was easier there . 
 `` rale ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` why does n't dan talk to me like you do ? '' 
 `` he tries , but he does n't know how . '' 
 anne leaned over and looked in the mirror . 
 it was almost three feet high and four feet across . 
 the pale blankness of the wall dimly reflected in the smooth surface . 
 the candle sat on the bedside table . 
 she climbed off the bed and sat on the floor in front of the mirror , adjusting her position so that she could see the candle 's flame in the corner . 
 she could see herself , and the bed behind her that she leaned up against . 
 that was n't following the rules in the book . 
 if she wanted to talk to dead people , she was n't supposed to see anything in the mirror . 
 but the gentle dancing and quivering of the flame drew her gaze and relaxed her . 
 like a hand touching her face , it caressed her , smoothing all the torn edges of her soul . 
 a mesmerizing power , the twinkling and flickering became her only vision . 
 only the flame existed . 
 `` ca n't you show him how to talk to me ? '' 
 then she saw rale , in the mirror . 
 she sat on the floor , and he was right beside her , sitting on the bed . 
 how could i have not noticed him there before ? 
 `` i ca n't show him , '' he said softly , `` he has to figure it out for himself . '' 
 anne looked at him carefully , letting her eyes take all of him in . 
 not quite ready to turn her head and see if he was really there . 
 no . 
 he might disappear if she did that . 
 she considered only , his reflection . 
 his body was complete - arms , legs , torso , head . 
 he wore a plain black shirt and pants . 
 long dark hair , pale skin , intense eyes . 
 yes , he looked like the shadow man from her dreams . 
 that voice , so unmistakable - the voice of chucky , the killer doll . 
 yet , the sound of rale 's voice was n't crude and jarring . 
 his voice was smooth and sultry . 
 the voice of a lover that whispers in the dark . 
 `` this ca n't be real , '' she finally said . 
 `` you look like the bad guy from a movie . 
 i just watched it too many times . 
 chucky scared the crap out of me when i was a kid . 
 i 'm just making you up in my mind . '' 
 anne wanted him to be real , but there it was . 
 how could this be a real spirit when he looked and sounded like a living man ? 
 unless . 
 maybe the actor had died and his spirit was now here , talking to her . 
 could that be possible ? 
 oh for christ 's sake . 
 this is insane . 
 just make him go away . 
 get a grip . 
 anne tried to force herself to blink , to shake her head , to get up . 
 it did n't work . 
 she wanted him to be real . 
 more than that ... she did n't care if he was n't . 
 she just wanted him to go on being there . 
 rale smiled . 
 `` it does n't matter what i look like . 
 i could look like anything , sound like anything . 
 i 'm just a spirit . 
 i do n't have a body . 
 you chose for me to look like this . 
 but whether you believe it or not , i 'm here . 
 and i 'm not going to leave you the way he did . 
 `` if i have a near death experience , '' she asked , `` will i see dan ? '' 
 rale signed . 
 `` as i 've told you before , if your spirit leaves your body , but does n't let go - if it stays here , then you will see dan . 
 he has n't let go yet either . 
 but your spirit might let go . 
 you might die . '' 
 `` would that be so bad ? '' 
 `` no , anne . '' 
 the sound of his voice was a hauntingly seductive enchantment that slipped through her body and pulled her closer to him . 
 `` you would be free . '' 
 they had talked about this before . 
 after reading about near death experiences , she longed to have one herself . 
 those people often saw loved ones who had died . 
 if only she could bring herself to the point of near death , dan would come to her . 
 she knew he would . 
 last week , she had bought several boxes of sleeping pills . 
 she pushed each tiny pill out through the shiny silver backing , and they fell with a soft plink into one of dan 's wine glasses . 
 a feeling of power had grown within her , as the mound of white pills had grown in the bottom of the glass . 
 the question was , how many to take in order to just ` almost die ' ? 
 rale had reassured her when she first told him of her idea . 
 `` it does n't matter if you take too many . 
 you can call 9-1-1 . 
 they 'll come and get you . 
 they 'll bring you back . '' 
 she looked at him in the mirror now , testing him yet again . 
 what am i thinking , right now , rale ? 
 can you hear me ? 
 if you 're a spirit , should n't you be able to read my thoughts ? 
 anne saw within the fires of his eyes , however , a passion that she knew was not within her . 
 she was simple in her thoughts and emotions . 
 rale was apart from her , more than her . 
 there was a depth to the suffering she saw in him . 
 it was older . 
 wiser . 
 rale knew how to suffer . 
 `` you know , '' he finally said . 
 `` i ca n't read your thoughts . 
 if you want to say something to me , you 're going to have to speak . '' 
 she laughed , and dropped her face into her hands , rubbing her eyes and shaking her head . 
 when she looked up , rale was gone . 
 chapter 28 sean picked anne up later that night and drove her to his apartment . 
 before dan , and before her marriage to tom , anne had lived here with sean , on the south side of indianapolis . 
 it was a crumbling little apartment , attached to a crumbling little bar , in a crumbling little neighborhood . 
 ` white trash ' is what people who did not live here called it . 
 people who did live here called it home . 
 they had met at sixteen and became high school sweethearts . 
 anne had moved into this apartment with sean when she was seventeen , declaring herself emancipated from her parents . 
 she had spent a year after high school trying to work her way through college while living with sean , but that had been a miserable failure . 
 at nineteen , she joined the national guard so they would pay for college . 
 she was away at training for over a year and by the time she got back and returned to school full time , they had grown apart . 
 that was seven years ago . 
 a lifetime ago . 
 through it all , however , her and sean had stayed friends . 
 best friends . 
 sean was the only person in her life that she could completely pour her heart out to . 
 maybe it was because they had become adults together . 
 maybe it was because he had welcomed her into his heart at a time when no one else would . 
 maybe it was because she was not afraid of losing him . 
 there were always conditions associated with everyone else 's love . 
 sometimes the conditions were subtle , hard to see , but they were there . 
 quiet little expectations that required careful tending . 
 but not with sean . 
 with him , she could relax , be herself , and tend to nothing . 
 and although he was still living in this run-down neighborhood , he had a good job as an it specialist , enough money saved to finally start college , and enough ambition to make it happen . 
 sean was not a ` druggie ' per say , and he did n't use hard drugs like cocaine , or heroine , or crack . 
 but he did thoroughly enjoy the benedictions of recreational drug use . 
 harmless , he called them . 
 sitting on the couch in his apartment now , she did n't give a rat 's ass if what he handed her was harmless or not . 
 she did n't even care if the damn stuff killed her . 
 she just wanted something to make the pain go away . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` ecstasy , '' sean replied . 
 she considered the small red pill in her hand momentarily . 
 hello there , little guy . 
 what do you have planned for me this evening ? 
 `` what 's it going to do to me ? '' 
 sean smiled . 
 `` it 's going to make you feel better . '' 
 it did n't make her forget . 
 it did n't take away her sadness . 
 it did n't cover up or even dull the pain . 
 yet somehow it made her body and her thoughts feel so good , that she did n't mind the pain any more . 
 she just rolled through the waves of heartache , smiling as she rode up and down over the peaks and through the valleys of her despair . 
 she had n't talked to anyone except rale . 
 she had never been much of a talker before , always the listener . 
 but the drugs coursing through her brain had a magical power . 
 the words flowed out of her , unbidden . 
 they seemed to bypass her brain altogether and come straight from her mouth , as if born there . 
 perhaps they were born from her heart instead . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ sean had known anne would be trouble when she showed up sophomore year at the small , catholic high school . 
 he had just gotten himself established , and did not want anyone messing it up . 
 before freshman year , sean had never set foot in a church and had attended public school . 
 the emotionally damaged child of an alcoholic mother and father , he was easy prey for the ravenous pack animals that hunted the grounds of ips # 52 in the dilapidated neighborhood known as stringtown . 
 if he had a hard time fitting in at public school where he was beaten and cursed at , he found it impossible to fit in at holy trinity high school , where the blood soaked shroud of a tortured and crucified man draped over everything . 
 he could not identify with these kids and their kneeling , and praying , and confessing . 
 and so , he found a new identity . 
 `` satan worshipper , '' the kids whispered . 
 sean was comfortable with his new identity . 
 no one beat him or cursed at him . 
 a few gestures and innuendos , mixed into the imaginations of the sheep around him , and no one made fun of him anymore either . 
 he even managed to make a few friends , like-minded outcasts who could never quite fit in and railed against the sheer mediocrity of their surroundings . 
 so , when one of them said `` hey , that new girl 's casting runes , or telling fortunes or something , '' he sensed trouble . 
 during lunch he watched her , the din of voices occasionally pierced by the clanking of dishes and the clunking cycles of the industrial dishwasher . 
 the smell of damp french fries and body odor curled around the warm air of the cafeteria and clung to his clothing . 
 numerology . 
 of course . 
 that would impress them . 
 anne 's pencil danced across the paper , effortlessly trailing an intricate tapestry of shapes and numbers behind . 
 oh , she 's good ... students gathered around her , oohing and awing , waiting their turn . 
 what would the numbers tell them ? 
 idiots . 
 sean watched her , the scowl on his face flushing red with anger when she glanced his way with a smirk and winked at him . 
 god damn it . 
 he clawed out a piece of paper and began drawing his own intricate pattern . 
 later as he left sixth period literature class he quietly slipped it onto anne 's desk and gave her a wink of his own . 
 `` he 's cursed you '' , he heard whispered as he left the classroom . 
 `` i told you not to mess with him . '' 
 the next day , as he walked past anne 's desk , she held her arm out in front of him , blocking his way . 
 she stood and handed him a piece of paper covered in numbers . 
 taking the paper without looking at it , he shrugged . 
 `` what 's it say ? '' 
 `` it says you 're full of shit . '' 
 her sweet little smile never wavered as she held up the paper he had given her the day before . 
 fancy pentagrams and oddly shaped letters crookedly gathered around the evil eye in the center . 
 she ripped the paper into strips and started eating them one by one . 
 sean smiled and fell in love . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ sean had always been more of a talker than a listener , but he understood through his own haze of ecstasy , that it was his turn to listen . 
 he had to be careful with this stuff though . 
 it had a damnable side effect of causing a person to open their mouth and reveal their deepest secrets , especially if those secrets had to do with love or passion . 
 he had never stopped loving her . 
 through all of the years , and all of their ups and downs , good times , and bad , that had never changed . 
 she was the immutable ` one ' of his life . 
 shaking his head , sean tried to focus on her . 
 what could he do for her ? 
 nothing . 
 except give her more drugs , numb the pain , provide some relief . 
 now definitely was n't the time to profess his undying love for her . 
 dan , you 're such a dick . 
 he had never seen her like this . 
 actually , he had never seen anyone like this , and it scared him . 
 anne looked fragile somehow , like she might fall apart at any moment . 
 always the strong one , anne had never carried her emotions on her sleeve . 
 getting her to open up was a delicate procedure which required patience and careful timing . 
 but he had patience for her . 
 they were kindred spirits . 
 they had been two troubled children who had stumbled their way into adulthood together . 
 so many times , they had needed each other . 
 they spent the entire night taking ecstasy and ghb . 
 anne smiled , and giggled , and ground her teeth until her jaw ached . 
 sean gave her a sucker and told her not to bite down . 
 `` the ecstasy makes you clench your jaws , and it makes your mouth dry . 
 just suck on the candy . '' 
 anne lay on the floor and stretched her jaws wide open and shut a few times , her eyes wild and darting and free . 
 `` this is freaking amazing . 
 how come people do n't do this shit all the time ? '' 
 sean laughed . 
 she was so cute sometimes . 
 `` anne , '' he said , `` they do . '' 
 anne looked at him incredulously for a moment and then popped the sucker in her mouth and rolled over onto her stomach . 
 `` you know , it 's my fault dan 's dead . '' 
 here we go , sean thought , this is part of the whole suicide trip , right ? 
 the loved ones blame themselves , and someone else tells them it 's not their fault . 
 sean blinked and realized he was that someone else . 
 his job now was to say something comforting , to alleviate her guilt , to help her find some meaning in all of this . 
 he sat next to her on the floor and put one hand over hers . 
 `` anne , this was not your fault . '' 
 she pushed his hand away . 
 `` yeah , it was . '' 
 he lay beside her on the floor , his head spinning as he looked up at the ceiling . 
 the stucco trembled and swirled around in little patterns , like ants marching off to war . 
 `` why do you say that ? '' 
 `` after he cut his wrists , '' she said . 
 `` they sent him to the psych ward at that hospital . 
 and when i went and saw him , i told him they were a bunch of quacks , and that it was all bullshit . 
 i told him to just say whatever they wanted to hear , so he could get out . '' 
 sean tried to focus , tried to say something intelligent . 
 but these drugs were like a truth serum . 
 the words rose up , with a will of their own , even as he tried to bite them back . 
 they spewed forth through gritted teeth . 
 `` why the hell did you tell him that ? '' 
 damn it ! 
 anne was beyond noticing , or caring however . 
 perhaps , she had n't even heard him , for she just continued on like there had been no interruption at all . 
 `` the moment i stepped onto the floor of that hospital , i was transported back in time , to when i was a kid , and they sent me off to that mental institution . '' 
 she flung her arms out wildly , hitting sean in the face with her right elbow . 
 `` i got this panicky feeling , like they were going to shut the door and never let us out . 
 i think i had a panic attack or something . '' 
 sean rubbed his nose and tried to remember what she had told him all those years ago . 
 `` how old were you ? '' 
 he asked , `` when that happened ? '' 
 `` thirteen . 
 can you believe i was locked up for trying to kill myself ? 
 is n't that the craziest thing ? '' 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ this was the part of anne 's guilt that she had shared with no one , not even rale . 
 people looked at her with compassion . 
 compassion she did n't deserve . 
 if they only knew the truth . 
 sitting across from dan in that fucking ` day room ' . 
 god , they still used the same names . 
 fluorescent lights , institutional tables and chairs in dingy white hues , people in thin grey hospital robes playing cards . 
 some talked to themselves quietly , some stared into space . 
 stutterers and rockers . 
 smokers and nervous twitchers . 
 the smell of body odor , stale cigarettes , and that singular plastic-y scent that meant locked doors , walls with no windows , insanity . 
 anne had barely been able to stay in her seat , expecting at any moment for him to pull out a collage that he had made in occupational therapy out of old magazines - little boxes cut out of pretty worlds , meant to represent his life . 
 `` god dan , '' she had said to him . 
 `` i ca n't stand to be in this place . 
 just get the hell out of here . 
 they ca n't help you . 
 tell them whatever they want to hear . 
 just get out . '' 
 `` all right , anne , '' dan had said , `` i will , i promise . 
 just calm down . 
 i do n't really know how soon i can get out . 
 believe me , i 'm trying . 
 all this psycho-babble is a bunch of crap that i do n't need . 
 but still , it 'll be a few days at least . '' 
 `` just do it . 
 i absolutely ca n't stand the thought of you being in here . 
 and dan ... i 'm not going to be able to come visit you . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i just ca n't come here again . '' 
 anne realized - too late - that she had made it all about herself . 
 what a self-centered little shit , i was . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ anne and sean simultaneously turned their heads to look at one another . 
 as she turned , sean just caught the reflection of a shadowy figure in her eyes . 
 the shadow moved . 
 he looked quickly behind him , but there was nothing there . 
 he shrugged and looked back at anne . 
 `` tell me again about the hospital you were sent to . '' 
 chapter 29 i myself spent nine years in an insane asylum and i never had the obsession of suicide . 
 but i know that each conversation with a psychiatrist , every morning at the time of his visit , made me want to hang myself , realizing that i would not be able to cut his throat . 
 ~ antonin artaud ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ fifteen years had passed since , what anne thought of as her ` lock-up ' . 
 being in that hospital with dan had brought it all back to her . 
 doors closing . 
 locks bolting . 
 pounding . 
 screaming . 
 more than anything , the screaming . 
 she was thirteen years old , and she tried to commit suicide by overdosing on her prescription migraine medicine . 
 she did n't remember much from the actual incident . 
 flashing red lights . 
 gauzy faces . 
 vomiting blackness over and over . 
 she woke up in a hospital bed . 
 lots of people came and went , all wanting her to talk . 
 talking , talking , talking , blah , blah , blah ... she did n't want to talk . 
 she just wanted to be left alone . 
 after four days , they sent her to a different hospital . 
 a doctor told her it was because she would n't talk to anyone . 
 for some reason , that meant she wanted to die . 
 anne thought an overdose of prescription medication meant she wanted to die . 
 go figure . 
 she spent almost seven weeks at the saint vincent stress center . 
 most patients only stayed four . 
 she had her fourteenth birthday there . 
 she smoked her first cigarette there . 
 every day they gave her pills , and every day she hid them under her tongue and then in the pocket of her coat . 
 she did n't know what they were supposed to do , only what she hoped they would do - finish what she had started . 
 every day her pile had grown , every day a step closer to death . 
 but she got impatient , and swallowed them all . 
 too soon . 
 it did n't kill her , but the next morning she thought it had . 
 the muffled sound of someone calling her name woke her . 
 she tried to get out of bed but she could n't move or see . 
 the voice became more insistent . 
 `` anne ! 
 get up ! '' 
 losing her balance , she fell out of bed , cracking her head on floor . 
 in complete blackness , she crawled to the door and leaned up against the wall as she made her way to morning check-in . 
 at the very least , she must have looked drunk as she wobbled her way along , sliding down the length of the hall as she leaned up against the wall . 
 unable to see , she held one arm out in front of her like a blind woman . 
 there was some sort of disturbance at morning check-in , when they took her blood pressure . 
 shouts over her head . 
 someone shaking her . 
 being carried in strong arms . 
 the woman who yelled at her earlier to get out of bed , apologized later . 
 `` i 'm sorry i forced you out of bed , anne . 
 i did n't know what had happened . '' 
 it was the only time anyone mentioned `` what had happened '' . 
 but after that , they checked her mouth for pills at morning check-in . 
 for her next attempt , she ripped an aluminum soda can in half and cut her wrist with the jagged edge . 
 but she was n't able to cut deep enough . 
 tears spilled from her eyes , not from pain , but frustration . 
 they were coming for her . 
 she saw them out of the corner of her eye . 
 soon they would be there , grabbing her , stopping her . 
 over and over she cut , blood running down her arm . 
 but , she realized - not enough blood , not enough time . 
 to die had become her obsession . 
 they grabbed her . 
 they stopped her . 
 and they strapped her to a gurney , and put her in the ` quiet room ' . 
 the quiet room had padding on the walls , and a video camera in the ceiling . 
 how funny , she thought . 
 she did n't think padded rooms were real , and she wished that she could touch the walls and see how soft they were , maybe even bang her head on them . 
 hold her hands over her head , scream , and sink slowly to the floor . 
 they left her there , calling out for what seemed like hours . 
 she knew they were watching her through the camera in the ceiling . 
 she cursed them . 
 she banged her head . 
 she pulled on her restraints . 
 she begged them to let her go to the bathroom . 
 finally , she wet herself . 
 but still they did n't come . 
 irritation . 
 humiliation . 
 the urine spread out under her on the slick surface of the metal gurney , soaking her arms , which were strapped to it . 
 it mixed with the blood seeping from her unbandaged wounds and burned . 
 a man came in . 
 someone she did n't know . 
 he looked at her , silent . 
 `` let me out of here , you stupid son of a bitch ! '' 
 she screamed at him , jerking on her restraints , banging her head on the gurney until she saw bright little flashes of light . 
 `` i 'm bleeding , mother fucker , let me out of here ! '' 
 he brushed the side of her face with his fingers . 
 `` you should n't talk to me like that when you 're all tied up . '' 
 she relaxed for a moment and considered him . 
 a certain kind of insanity crawled around in his feverish eyes . 
 she had seen that look before . 
 `` fuck . 
 you . '' 
 he smiled , watching her a moment longer , and then left her to lay in her discomfort . 
 at the time , she thought this the lowest point to which her life could possibly sink . 
 but of course , she had not met dan smith yet ... or larue carter . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ larue d. carter memorial hospital . 
 when they could n't fix her at the stress center , they sent her to the mental institution . 
 anne came to realize that its main purpose was not so much healing , as it was storage . 
 this place was the ` final step ' for its inhabitants . 
 a place to hide away all the troublesome patients . 
 the ones who just did n't fit in at the stress centers of the world , where things were comfortable and orderly . 
 at the stress centers of the world , they had art deco on the walls , soft recessed lighting , plush carpeting in mauve , and meditation classes . 
 they had art rooms , and library rooms , and living rooms . 
 they played quiet relaxation music over speakers which were cleverly hidden in stucco ceilings . 
 mental institutions had bright fluorescent lighting that flickered . 
 the light glared on shiny floors and concrete block walls that were always cold . 
 day rooms , plastic furniture , windows with bars . 
 their padded rooms did n't have padding on the walls . 
 on the children 's ward , small red squares were taped to the floor . 
 when the children misbehaved by laughing too loudly , or running in the hall , they were sent to ` square ' , which meant they stood in the red square until they were told to come out . 
 anne spent a lot of time in square . 
 feet aching . 
 vision blurring . 
 hatred boring into her soul . 
 more serious infractions , such as talking back , sneaking food out of the cafeteria , or talking after lights out , got them ` chair ' . 
 the wooden chairs sat beside the red squares . 
 chair was an all-day affair . 
 they ate in chair , did their school work in chair , stared at the wall in chair , fell asleep in chair . 
 boredom . 
 discomfort . 
 hatred as bright and red as the squares taped to the floor . 
 the most serious crimes , such as spitting , screaming , hitting , eating too little , crying too much , led to the one punishment they all dreaded the most . 
 ` room ' . 
 the quiet room was more of a cell , than a room . 
 small . 
 grey . 
 cold . 
 devoid of all but a dirty bare mattress on the floor in one corner and a portable toilet in another . 
 there were no windows to the outside , but there was one small window in the door . 
 it was up too high for anne to see out , although her jailors could see in . 
 she spent days at a time in room , the flickering fluorescent light seared into her eyes , even when they were closed . 
 anne learned early on why it was called the quiet room . 
 the first time she went in there , for refusing to eat , she was not quiet at all . 
 they rolled in a gurney and strapped her down with padded , leather restraints on her ankles and wrists . 
 before they strapped her down , they made her take her clothes off and put on a hospital gown and a diaper . 
 after that , anne was always very quiet in the quiet room . 
 it was during her time spent in room that her long forgotten friend returned to her . 
 the friend that no one else saw when she was a child . 
 her dark companion , still waiting for her in the dark woods . 
 she saw him out of the corner of her eye , smiling at her . 
 heard him whispering in the hum of the fluorescent lighting overhead , beckoning to her to join him in the solitude of a hidden world . 
 perhaps she was crazy , after all . 
 isolation . 
 hallucination . 
 hatred as directionless as the voice that whispered to her . 
 square . 
 chair . 
 room . 
 broken punishments for broken children . 
 there was only one door that the children could open . 
 it led outside to ` the cage ' . 
 on the third floor , the children had no access to the ground for recreation . 
 they had a small , concrete roof top surrounded by a tall fence that curved inward at the top so they could n't climb over . 
 it was the most desolate place anne had ever been to . 
 more so even , than the quiet room , because this was their only freedom , their place to be happy . 
 and to dream of escape . 
 anne attempted it once . 
 as she was led past the elevator , someone stepped out . 
 just as the doors were closing , she dashed in . 
 the doors closed with a shudder and anne let out a whoop . 
 where she would go did not matter . 
 she was free . 
 she pushed the round button labeled ` l’ , but nothing happened . 
 she slammed her finger into the l over and over . 
 nothing . 
 the door opened and the irritated face of her jailor scowled at her . 
 then he smiled and raised his hand . 
 `` you need a key to make it work , girlie . '' 
 the keys jingled as he shook them , a merry , joyful sound which gnashed and bit into her wholly joyless senses . 
 five days in room . 
 flickering lights . 
 furtive whispering . 
 silence . 
 hatred which scorched her soul deeper than the flickering light scorched her eyes . 
 ten months anne spent at larue carter . 
 she was not healed , but she was tamed . 
 when they released her , she was afraid . 
 afraid of the sky and the grass and all the open space that she found around her . 
 and when she realized that what she wanted more than anything else in the world was to go back to larue carter , she cried . 
 but not in front of anyone who could see her . 
 and not in front of her invisible friend , because he had left her once again . 
 she hardened her heart , hung her head down , and began trudging . 
 and slowly , over time , the memory of the place faded to near non-existence . 
 until the day she visited dan in the hospital psychiatric ward . 
 the memories came back with such force , that she felt them in her body . 
 the fear , the insanity , the isolation and hatred . 
 panic tore through her with animalistic power . 
 she could only control the raw instinct to run , through sheer force of will . 
 she told herself she would talk to dan when he got out . 
 apologize and tell him her story . 
 she would pour her heart out to him , and he to her . 
 finally , someone would understand . 
 together , they would both heal . 
 chapter 30 dan and tar had been listening as anne told sean her story . 
 it looked as if something had finally impressed tar . 
 `` did she tell you she had been in a mental institution ? '' 
 `` yes , but ... '' `` but what ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i did n't really believe her . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 dan sighed and shrugged . 
 `` frankly , it just seemed kind of ... i do n't know ... unbelievable . 
 i thought maybe she was just trying to somehow make me feel better ... like i was n't the only loser . '' 
 tar looked at him curiously . 
 `` you think that story makes her a loser ? '' 
 `` well ... of course not ... but ... you know what i mean . '' 
 `` no . 
 i do n't , '' tar said shaking his head . 
 dan looked away from him and back at anne . 
 she had been so agitated , visiting him that day . 
 she could barely sit still in her seat , her eyes flitting around the room . 
 he had been devastated when she told him she would n't be visiting him . 
 why is she trying to make this about her somehow ? 
 thinking back now , her discomfort at the hospital and while watching ` one flew over the couckoo 's nest ' made sense . 
 she came and got him a week later when they released him . 
 she apologized for her behavior , and told him about her attempted suicide . 
 `` you know , dan , you can talk to me . 
 i 've been there . 
 i understand . '' 
 `` it 's not like that , '' he had said flippantly . 
 `` i did n't want to die . 
 i told you , i do n't know what happened . 
 i just snapped . '' 
 never able to admit it , not even to himself . 
 he had wanted to die . 
 and no , he had not been glad to be alive . 
 he was mad as hell at himself for failing at even that . 
 he could never do anything right . 
 she could n't possibly understand . 
 he was supposed to be the strong one . 
 had n't he been the one who had rescued her ? 
 was he now supposed to just reveal himself as the weak minded , fragile thing that he was ? 
 and besides , was n't it really the other way around that first night ? 
 who had really rescued who ? 
 if it had n't been for anne , taking a chance on some fat guy 's wine , he would have been dead long before . 
 anne had saved him once , and she had tried to pour her heart out to him , but he had made it all about himself . 
 dan wished he had believed her . 
 wished he had listened to her . 
 wished it were him she was now pouring her heart out to and not this other man . 
 what a self-centered little shit i was . 
 even now , dan realized , he was being a selfish bastard . 
 so wrapped up in his own little tragedy that he never noticed the needs of others . 
 he looked over at tar , once again realizing about how very little he knew of him . 
 why was tar here ? 
 did he have his own personal story of tragedy ? 
 `` tar ... what about you ? '' 
 tar stood by the bookshelf , studying it closely . 
 volumes of hardbound books filled the bottom two shelves , ` dungeons & dragons ' printed on them in shiny silver and gold embossed foil . 
 on the top shelves were dozens of painted , miniature metal figures of monsters , heroes , and a few dragons . 
 tar 's head tilted to one side , and he had a quizzical look on his face , as if he were just about to figure something out that had been puzzling him . 
 dan smiled , and walked over to him , his question momentarily forgotten . 
 tar pointed to the bookshelf . 
 `` a game ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 tar picked up a small , orc-ish looking figure and studied it . 
 `` are people who play this game , more likely to commit suicide ? '' 
 `` no , tar . 
 it 's just a dumb stereotype they 've been given , i 'm not even sure why . 
 i guess because a lot of them are ... different . '' 
 `` did you play this game ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 dan chuckled . 
 `` but anne did . '' 
 tar looked at her . 
 she had a large , round sucker in her mouth which stained her lips bright red , and she had her face pressed up against the window air conditioner . 
 eyes closed , the air flowed over her face and swept her long hair back in a yellow flurry . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ every subtle sensation that anne 's skin perceived was a tingling effervescence of euphoria . 
 the cool air rushing past her face was a silky caress that cascaded over her body . 
 her mouth was dry and her jaw sore . 
 sean told her to suck on the candy , and not to clench her jaw , but one by one she cracked the suckers he gave her until she thought her teeth would crack as well . 
 sean laughed and ran his fingers lightly down her forearm , sending a stream of tiny , tickling shivers racing up her spine . 
 `` now you know why it 's called ecstasy , eh ? 
 it takes some getting used to . 
 stop biting down so hard . '' 
 he took her by the hand , and led her over to the couch . 
 `` anne ... '' `` what , '' she asked after a few moments of silence , `` what is it , sean ? '' 
 `` anne . 
 i just want to tell you ... '' he shook his head , perhaps dismissing an unwanted thought . 
 `` i just want to tell you i 'm sorry that i ca n't do anything for you . 
 and i 'm sorry you have to go through this . 
 but no matter what , i 'll be here for you , okay ? '' 
 he had to go to work in the morning , but ecstasy had a short half-life , and left no hang over . 
 nevertheless , he had to get some sleep . 
 he let her have his bed , while he took the couch . 
 `` you 're not sleeping with your gun anymore ? '' 
 she asked casually , as he tucked her under the covers like a small child . 
 she was looking at the bedside table where he had always kept his gun , fully loaded . 
 sean wrinkled his brow , and looked at her like she was crazy . 
 `` pshhh . 
 yeah , right . '' 
 he leaned over and pulled the sleek black pistol from under the bed . 
 he held it up , and it was briefly silhouetted against the light from the lamp behind him . 
 an amber halo surrounded it , and she almost thought she heard a choir of angels singing softly in the background . 
 it was an instant , perfect moment . 
 a snap shot of understanding . 
 ` the answer ' on a flash card , suddenly before her , and then disappearing just as suddenly back under the bed . 
 anne smiled . 
 sean turned the light off and closed the door . 
 chapter 31 dan saw the gun . 
 then he saw anne smile . 
 `` oh crap . '' 
 rale had been quiet and elusive that night , but he was there . 
 he would not leave her . 
 he stepped forward now and sat next to her on the bed , for he had seen that flash card as well . 
 `` tar ! '' 
 dan shouted . 
 `` i 'm standing right here , you do n't need to shout . '' 
 `` did you see that ? '' 
 `` see what ? 
 the gun ? '' 
 hysteria rose within dan and he flung his hands toward the bed . 
 `` yes . 
 the gun . '' 
 tar held his hands out and shrugged . 
 `` i saw it . 
 so ? 
 what about it ? '' 
 `` well ... i mean ... what are we going to do about it ? '' 
 tar shook his head , his hands still up in the air . 
 `` there 's nothing we can do about it . '' 
 rale said nothing , looking at them curiously . 
 dan 's fear and anger boiled up within him , his protective instincts for her kicking into high gear . 
 he glared at rale with what he hoped was bone chilling intimidation . 
 `` leave her alone ! '' 
 rale only looked at him . 
 his eyes had a certain kind of quiet passion that overwhelmed dan . 
 it burned at something deep inside and hurt him . 
 finally , dan looked away . 
 tar put a hand on dan 's shoulder . 
 `` relax . 
 he ca n't do anything . 
 he ca n't pick up that gun any more than you can . '' 
 dan twisted away from him , brushing his hand off his shoulder . 
 `` but you do n't know that . 
 he 's more powerful than either of us . 
 she can see him . 
 talk to him . 
 how can he do that , tar ? 
 how is it that he 's more powerful than you ? '' 
 `` calm down -- -- '' tar tried to say , but dan was unstoppable now . 
 he took a step toward rale . 
 `` get away from her , damn you ! 
 leave her alone ! '' 
 rale stood up , and looked so pointedly at dan that he flinched . 
 rale 's eyes smoldered with such heat , that dan wilted . 
 this spirit was the embodiment of pain and suffering , and now dan had his full and undivided attention . 
 he tried to tear his eyes away , tried to step back , but he was paralyzed . 
 fear coursed through his veins , icy quicksilver raising goose bumps along the back of his neck and arms . 
 the sensation of breathing had been fading away from him over the past weeks . 
 now , as rale moved closer to him , he felt like he was suffocating . 
 something crushed him , causing his head to bow and his shoulders to hunch . 
 it was the weight of his fear . 
 now rale stood beside him . 
 my god , dan thought , is he going to touch me ? 
 rale 's hand reached out . 
 dan knew rale could n't kill him . 
 but maybe he could do something worse . 
 this is it . 
 fear pounded in his chest . 
 can he take my soul ? 
 does he destroy souls ? 
 that might be best . 
 maybe rale would consume his soul , destroy what remained of him . 
 a feeling of relief and peace eased through dan 's spirit . 
 yes , he could give himself to rale . 
 rale would take it all away . 
 dan closed his eyes and waited . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 tar shouted , jarring dan out of his stupor . 
 he opened his eyes . 
 tar held rale 's wrist , rale 's fingers inches away from dan 's face . 
 tar glared at dan . 
 `` why do you always give up so easily ? '' 
 he said angrily . 
 he turned to rale and released his wrist . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 rale smiled in a sad sort of way . 
 `` my old friend ... tar . '' 
 rale said the name as if it were an accusation and dan saw a flicker of movement around the muscles of tar 's eyes . 
 `` i would ask the same of you . 
 what are you doing here ? 
 still ? 
 do n't you ever grow tired of this place ? '' 
 `` do you grow tired of it ... old ... friend . '' 
 tar replied softly . 
 rale dropped his voice to a whisper . 
 `` yes , tar , i do grow tired . 
 i want to leave . '' 
 their eyes were locked to each other . 
 tar broke the gaze first and his voice became dismissive . 
 `` there is nothing here for you . '' 
 rale closed his eyes momentarily and shook his head slightly . 
 `` oh , you are quite mistaken . 
 this one , '' he said motioning to dan , `` still has much of the world in him . 
 i can feel a heart beating and lungs breathing . 
 and i can feel the sting of tears in his eyes . '' 
 he turned to dan and slowly began to circle him , speaking softly . 
 dan closed his eyes and breathed deeply , trying to remain calm and steady . 
 trying to not let his fear show . 
 rale 's shadow touched dan 's spirit , and his words seemed to stir a lost memory from deep within . 
 dan remembered the first time he had seen the darkness of anne 's despair . 
 circling her . 
 testing for weaknesses . 
 is that what rale was doing now ? 
 searching for a weakness ? 
 rale 's voice was soothing . 
 it enchanted him . 
 `` i know what you 're feeling , dan . 
 i can feel it too . 
 a heavy weight on your chest . 
 your heart racing ... pounding . 
 you ca n't breathe , but all you 're doing is breathing . 
 you are utterly helpless . 
 you can help neither yourself , nor her . 
 she 's right there and she needs you , but you just ca n't reach her . 
 you threw your life away . 
 for what ? 
 oblivion ? 
 but there is no oblivion , is there ? 
 now you know the truth . 
 there is no escape . '' 
 rale stopped in front of dan and looked in his eyes . 
 `` what is it you want from me ? '' 
 dan 's voice was barely a whisper . 
 `` can you take me away from all of this ? '' 
 and then dan saw something he did not expect . 
 he saw compassion in rale 's eyes . 
 rale reached out and almost touched dan 's face . 
 but he stopped and glanced over at tar . 
 tar shook his head ever so slightly . 
 dan saw the muscles of tar 's jaw clench and his lips tighten . 
 an unspoken command given . 
 rale sighed , and looked back at dan , his eyes momentarily hollow . 
 `` i think not , '' he said , lowering his hand . 
 then he turned and started walking away . 
 `` wait , '' dan said suddenly . 
 rale turned back , a bemused look on his face . 
 `` wait ? 
 what would you have me wait for ? '' 
 `` were you with me when i was dying ? '' 
 `` no , i was n't with you . 
 do i seem familiar to you ? '' 
 dan had thought about that moment many times . 
 he reached up and ran his hand down his cheek , remembering the silky caress on his face and the voice whispering in his ear . 
 `` someone was there with me ... i heard a voice ... it told me to let go . '' 
 rale nodded . 
 `` i too , have heard that voice . 
 but only in my dreams . '' 
 chapter 32 rale had not always been as he was now . 
 he had been a man once , and not a particularly bad man either . 
 he was a man who did the best he could , but sometimes that 's not enough . 
 yes , he had felt things like joy and even love , but he had also caused great pain and suffering . 
 and death . 
 rale never set out to hurt anyone , but sometimes , that 's not enough either . 
 after his own death , rale searched for forgiveness . 
 what he found was a barrier , like a stone wall , placed around him . 
 upon this barrier , he flung his spirit until there was almost nothing left except the sin that would not be forgiven . 
 some spirits , like tar , do n't want to move on . 
 they hold onto something , and wo n't let go . 
 other spirits , like rale , want to move on but something else holds onto them and wo n't let go . 
 despair , tar named him , and despair he was . 
 it consumed him and darkened his spirit until finally he lost hope of ever being free of that mortal abode . 
 sometimes he dreamed of white shores and a voice that called his name , his real name . 
 that voice told him to let go , to stop searching for the forgiveness which he longed for . 
 the white shores gleamed in the distance , and the light that reached him seared away his shadows and sins . 
 but he was a creature of darkness now and would recoil from the light . 
 the shackles that bound rale were forged in the fires of his sin . 
 the cruel master of his guilt hammered it around rale 's spirit and held fast to the chain . 
 apart from both the pure energy of creation , and the world which is full of the energy of life , rale gravitated toward that which reflected the nature of his spirit . 
 tar told dan that rale fed off anne 's despair , and in a way that was true . 
 rale absorbed the dark energy that her spirit created within her body . 
 in the same way dan could smell the cookies , or smack the car window glass , rale could interact with the dark emanations of her spirit , which were so like his own . 
 what tar did not tell dan , however , was that it was not anne who rale haunted . 
 it was tar . 
 chapter 33 dear dan , i thought i had saved you after you tried to kill yourself . 
 i thought my love had saved you . 
 but i let you slip right through my fingers . 
 i remember our last kiss . 
 i can still feel your arms around me . 
 i close my eyes and see your face and feel your body next to mine . 
 i had you ... you were right there in my arms ... and then i let go . 
 i can not find words to express how heavy the weight of guilt is for me . 
 it smothers me . 
 it makes it difficult to move , sometimes even to breathe . 
 it does not make me stronger , it crushes and cripples me . 
 my god , when will this pain ever end ? 
 was it my fault , dan ? 
 could i have done anything to save you ? 
 i 'm sure i could have , and that 's why i ca n't escape this guilt . 
 if i had just stayed home from work . 
 if i had just told you to wait for me . 
 if i had just turned the car around . 
 god , i wish i had turned the car around ... i wish i had looked in your duffel bag and seen that gun . 
 i wish i had called you when i got home from work . 
 i wish i had told you to quit your job and stay with me . 
 i wish i had told you to never go back to tennessee . 
 i wish , i wish , i wish until i want to fucking scream ! 
 but there 's no one i can scream at . 
 my family does n't call me . 
 my friends do n't call me . 
 my grief is my companion now . 
 despair is my only comfort and solace . 
 i talk to it , sleep with it , wrap it all around me in a dark lover 's embrace . 
 it has a face and a voice now . 
 it keeps you close to me and reminds me that i let you slip away . 
 it 's a despair that i do n't think i will survive , but i do n't want it to ever leave me . 
 will it leave me one day , just like you did ? 
 am i going crazy ? 
 does despair have a soul ? 
 can it walk , and talk , and visit me in my dreams ? 
 am i hallucinating ? 
 has this grief damaged my brain ... or my spirit ? 
 i do n't ever want this grief to leave me , because that would mean you were slipping away from me again . 
 my grief is a testament to my love for you . 
 i commit myself , and all that i am , to it , until death parts us . 
 ~ anne chapter 34 sean had left for work , and anne lay alone in the bed . 
 thoughts of the gun distracted her . 
 it was so close she could almost feel it under the mattress , a pea for the princess to toss and turn over . 
 if only she could just look at it one more time , maybe even hold it . 
 and then what ? 
 on the other side of the plywood that covered the windows , bullet holes punctured the glass . 
 sean had boarded them up long ago , and no sunlight could find its way inside his apartment . 
 the air conditioner hummed . 
 outside , it was bright yellow . 
 the kind of hot , humid , indiana summer day that makes clothing stick to your skin and sweat trickle down your back . 
 the air is so thick , it 's difficult to breath . 
 the musty smell of damp heat , the taste of it so heavy it fills your mouth , wraps around you like an old wool blanket . 
 in the cool darkness of the boarded up apartment , pinpoints of green and red light flickered and shimmered from electronics scattered around the room . 
 when anne squinted , the lights grew larger , fuzzier . 
 she could almost believe they were christmas lights . 
 she was a million miles away . 
 leaning over the side of the bed , she looked for the gun . 
 her hand reached out , but like a scared child 's hand in the dark , jerked back protectively . 
 she rolled back over and exhaled through clenched teeth . 
 `` why ca n't i stop thinking about it ? '' 
 rale lay on the bed beside her . 
 `` because you know you can kill yourself with it . '' 
 `` kill myself ... ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 we both know that 's what you want to do . '' 
 `` but ... what about alexandra ? 
 how could i leave her ? '' 
 `` she 's very young . 
 she 'd would n't even remember . '' 
 `` but she would n't have a mother . '' 
 `` what kind of mother are you now ? 
 sometimes , it 's better to not have a thing , than to have a bad thing . 
 you would be doing her a favor . 
 she would be better off without you . '' 
 yes . 
 anne thought . 
 alexandra does deserve better , but i just ca n't do it or deal with it anymore . 
 she sighed . 
 `` i just wish the three of us could be together again . 
 like it used to be . '' 
 rale was silent . 
 she turned her head toward him . 
 his eyes smoldered with secret knowledge . 
 `` the three of you can be together again , anne . '' 
 it took a moment , as when you cut yourself with a sharp blade . 
 you do n't feel the pain at first , but you know it 's coming . 
 anne knew the meaning of his words , but the impact did not hit her at first . 
 it caressed the surface of her skin . 
 she felt the pressure , but not the pain . 
 then slowly , heavily , it drifted down into her body , working its way through all the pores of her skin . 
 it ran like quick-silver through her veins - an icy coolness that found her heart at last . 
 she froze . 
 held her breath . 
 dare not move lest she show him that she understood his words . 
 like a small furry animal trapped before sharp teeth , she felt hidden in her paralysis . 
 `` i know you understand , '' he whispered gently , as if soothing a frightened animal . 
 anne could fall into the pools of his eyes . 
 the depth would cover her . 
 she could lose herself completely . 
 `` ... it would be nice ... '' `` what would be nice ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she blinked and turned away from him , her face suddenly hot . 
 `` just shut up , rale . '' 
 rale remained silent , and she went in the living room and started watching tv . 
 but her thoughts kept returning to the gun , to the words rale had spoken , and to the possibilities that both offered . 
 `` rale ? '' 
 his eyes peered out at her from the shadows at the other end of the couch . 
 `` i 'm here . '' 
 `` would the three of us really be together ? 
 if ... '' `` if what ? '' 
 `` what do you mean , ` if what ' ? '' 
 she said with irritation in her voice . 
 `` you know what i 'm talking about . 
 why play games with me ? '' 
 `` i know what you 're talking about , '' he answered calmly . 
 `` i can say it . 
 why ca n't you ? '' 
 he paused , waiting for her to respond . 
 but she remained silent , her eyes and mouth tight with fury , her face flushed , her nails digging into the palms of her hands . 
 rale gave a little sigh . 
 `` all right , anne , i 'll say it , because i know you want me to . 
 you can kill your daughter , and then kill yourself . '' 
 anne shook her head slowly , stood up suddenly , and whirled around to face him , her hair spinning out behind her in a swinging cascade of fury . 
 `` how could i kill my own daughter ? '' 
 she shouted at him , tears welling in her eyes . 
 rale stood and put one hand on her shoulder . 
 with the other , he touched her cheek . 
 `` easily . '' 
 he slid his hand down the side of her face and to the back of her neck , pulling her to his chest and wrapping his arms around her . 
 safe and sound . 
 `` you could shoot her in the head , and she would n't even know what happened . 
 she would never grow old . 
 never die alone . 
 suffering would be unknown to her . 
 she would only know peace . 
 with you and dan . 
 forever . '' 
 anne 's brow cooled . 
 her muscles relaxed . 
 she uncurled her fists . 
 rale had said it , not her . 
 his voice was the gentle voice of reason and logic . 
 he would not lie to her . 
 his dark shadow enveloped her , his touch intoxicating . 
 breathing in deeply , she let herself be immersed in his embrace . 
 it made perfect sense . 
 why would a mother leave her child to the cruel whims and torments of this cursed place ? 
 if she could be reunited with dan , why would n't she take alexandra with her ? 
 something clicked in her brain , a piece fell into place , and for the first time in her life , she had an epiphany . 
 anne , dan , and alexandra were together . 
 they sat on a blanket in a green field , surrounded by wild flowers . 
 a gentle river flowed past , with a wide sandy bank spreading out beside it . 
 sunlight sparkled on the surface of the water like tiny diamonds . 
 alexandra giggled . 
 anne smiled . 
 dan looked into her eyes - the first time since their last kiss . 
 this could be eternity . 
 the moment vanished quickly , but it was all she needed . 
 it was so simple . 
 finally . 
 the answer . 
 her thoughts raced . 
 she would slip the gun into her purse . 
 it could all be over before sean even realized his gun was gone . 
 wait until alexandra 's asleep , put a pillow over her head , would n't even see it happen , call 9-1-1 first , leave the door unlocked , they 'll find us together in bed , just like we were asleep . 
 yes , we 'll just go to sleep together and wake up with dan . 
 oh my god , this is almost over . 
 hurry up , hurry up ! 
 anne almost leaped off the couch and over to the bed . 
 she got down on hands and knees , and reached for the gun . 
 her hand stopped mid-flight . 
 she shook her head . 
 like waking from a nightmare , she was both horrified by what she had just experienced , and relieved that it was over . 
 `` that 's crazy , rale ... i ... i 'm not going to kill my daughter . '' 
 turning around , she sat on the floor next to the bed . 
 rale sat beside her on the floor and she studied his face . 
 she would have to be careful around him from now on . 
 his words had been so convincing . 
 had he played a trick on her ? 
 or was he even really there ? 
 was it her own desire , so repulsive and shameful that she hid it behind a dark , shrouded figment of her imagination ? 
 `` what are you trying to do ? '' 
 rale shrugged and turned away . 
 `` i 'm not trying to do anything . '' 
 `` i know what you 're doing , and it 's not going to work . '' 
 rale said nothing . 
 `` you 're not going to get me to kill my daughter . '' 
 `` i 'm not trying to get you to kill her , anne . 
 you asked me a question . 
 i simply answered it . '' 
 `` well , i 'm not going to do it . '' 
 `` that 's fine . '' 
 but the thought meandered through her like a lazy river , a sparkling pathway to freedom . 
 the course of her journey , illuminated . 
 chapter 35 fear is n't so difficult to understand . 
 after all , were n't we all frightened as children ? 
 nothing has changed since little red riding hood faced the big bad wolf . 
 what frightens us today is exactly the same sort of thing that frightened us yesterday . 
 it 's just a different wolf . 
 ~ alfred hitchcock ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ anne sat on the floor of sean 's apartment , thinking about the gun so close to her . 
 death . 
 so close . 
 throughout anne 's life , she thought death had been stalking her . 
 a dark companion whispering to her from beyond the veil . 
 it all made sense now . 
 death had not been stalking her from behind . 
 it had been in front , leading the way . 
 yes , she tried to kill herself at thirteen . 
 but even before that , death had whispered in her ear . 
 she was nine . 
 randomly searching through her parents medicine cabinet ... little amber bottles full of pills ... she had n't known what she was doing ... had she ? 
 she remembered her mother 's frantic voice . 
 she remembered walking , walking , walking . 
 her parents dragging her around the driveway . 
 all she wanted to do was sleep . 
 her ` practice round ' , she came to think of it . 
 when she was older and wiser , she would not be so childish . 
 but she did not get quite old enough or wise enough . 
 she made the same mistake again , and found herself at larue carter . 
 at sixteen , one of anne 's childhood friends was hit and killed by a train on a dark , foggy night . 
 as she stood looking down at her in the casket , she imagined that shelly had not wanted to die . 
 shelly wanted to live , yet died . 
 anne wanted to die , yet lived . 
 `` no one ever said life was fair , '' her mother had often said to her . 
 this moment , staring down at a dead girl in a coffin , was the first of many such moments . 
 moments where the truth of her mother 's words became reality . 
 you were right all along , mom . 
 at seventeen , anne considered her childhood well behind her . 
 living on her own with sean while finishing her last year of high school , she worked part time in a nursing home . 
 there , she met death face to face . 
 it seemed to taunt her . 
 she cared for the residents the best a seventeen year old girl could . 
 bud was her pet , elizabeth her child , jim her problem child , teresa her friend . 
 bud could walk . 
 he walked up and down the hallway , pushing his wheelchair in front of him . 
 he never talked or smiled , but he nodded his head in agreement to everything you said . 
 if he liked you , he followed you . 
 he followed anne everywhere . 
 one day , when anne came to work and saw his wheelchair folded up in the hallway , she knew bud was gone forever . 
 elizabeth had suffered a stroke . 
 she could n't walk or talk . 
 she wore diapers and when she ate , she wore a bib . 
 anne stretched her arms and legs every morning before getting her out of bed , but her body curled up anyway . 
 she sat in a long recliner that had wheels on it so that anne could move her to other parts of the home . 
 anne fed her pureed food with a turkey baster . 
 one day , elizabeth choked and gagged and spit mushed carrots on anne . 
 anne finally lost patience with her and left to wash her face . 
 when she returned fifteen minutes later , elizabeth was dead . 
 `` i think i killed her , '' she said to the nurse on duty . 
 `` you did n't , '' the nurse assured her . 
 `` elizabeth has been dying for a long time . '' 
 but anne was n't so sure . 
 death whispered in her ear . 
 you did kill her , anne . 
 how does it feel ? 
 jim had suffered a stroke as well , and he had been curling up for a long time before anne first met him . 
 he lay in a bed , and anne rolled him from one side to the other throughout her shift , massaging his tight , withered limbs . 
 his eyes were always closed , his mouth always open . 
 she talked to him . 
 he grunted at her . 
 sometimes , when he was angry , he growled at her . 
 one day , near the end , she was bathing him . 
 he grunted at her as she talked to him , but he did n't growl . 
 his raspy , labored breathing stopped suddenly . 
 his eyes , wide open , full of fear , looked at her . 
 she had never seen his eyes . 
 `` jim ? '' 
 she touched his cheek . 
 he relaxed . 
 he breathed . 
 `` do n't scare me like that , jim . '' 
 he grunted and closed his eyes . 
 he stopped breathing again . 
 slowly this time , gently . 
 `` jim , stay with me , '' she said close to his ear , his head cradled in her hands . 
 and after that , she knew what a dying breath was . 
 teresa had bone cancer . 
 she called anne `` honey '' and loved it when anne brushed her hair . 
 one time , when anne helped her out of bed , teresa 's feet slid out from under her . 
 neither of them was strong enough and they both fell on the floor . 
 teresa patted anne 's cheek with her tissue-paper hand and said , `` it 's okay , honey . '' 
 teresa told anne about her children and grandchildren , but anne never met them . 
 teresa looked out the window a lot . 
 one day , when anne came to work , she saw a gurney outside teresa 's room with a black body bag lying on top . 
 teresa died alone . 
 `` how can you take this year after year ? '' 
 she asked , tears falling from her eyes . 
 `` you get used to , honey , '' the nurse answered . 
 used to it ? 
 at seventeen , she thought perhaps her childhood was n't completely behind her after all . 
 at twenty-two , she was a woman , working her way through college . 
 on october 31 , 1994 american eagle flight 4184 crashed in a lonely field in roselawn , indiana killing all on board . 
 `` why are we going ? '' 
 she asked a fellow national guard soldier . 
 `` i think it 's because we 're medics , '' he answered . 
 all the pieces were picked up and examined . 
 photographed . 
 x-rayed . 
 catalogued , and put in numbered bags . 
 the bags were stored in two refrigerated semi-trailers . 
 over three thousand pieces of sixty-eight people . 
 they searched for a piece of each victim . 
 other people identified them in the gymnasium of the local high school , and anne found them on the refrigerated trucks outside the gym doors . 
 someone brought her a little slip of paper . 
 `` 2,784 -- right hand , red nail polish , '' it read . 
 find me , anne , it whispered to her . 
 find me . 
 she shivered in her haz mat suit , a paper thin barrier to the destruction around her . 
 she walked down the corridor , hemmed in on either side by them . 
 she tightened her respirator until it bit into her face , but the smell seeped in anyway . 
 the smell of death . 
 sour . 
 musty . 
 heavy with putrescence . 
 the reaper 's scythe cut with the sharp scent of rotting flesh . 
 they were everywhere . 
 the bags piled on long tables , and piled on the floor under the long tables . 
 as she turned her body to fit between the bulging tables , she brushed a bag with her hip . 
 a small cascade of them fell toward her . 
 reaching out , she tried to catch them , but a fetid layer of wetness covered everything . 
 they slipped out of her grasp and continued falling toward her with determination . 
 they slid over her hands and arms and landed with a moist -- thud-thud-thud . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said to the pile of them at her feet , her arms still stretched out before her , now a gesture of helplessness . 
 these were the 1600 's . 
 she picked them up as gently as she could , returning them to the pile on the table . 
 further down the corridor she saw what she was looking for . 
 a paper taped to the wall read `` 2700 '' . 
 she sorted through them , one by one . 
 cold and alone and hidden in their bags . 
 some of the bags were small and light . 
 but most were of an unsettling heaviness , the weight of them a testament to that which they carried inside . 
 here i am , they cried out to her . 
 she found what might have been 2,784 , but the smudging ink was hard to decipher . 
 opening the bag , she felt inside , knowing the latex on her hand would not shield her . 
 there it was , the firm yet yielding sensation . 
 flesh . 
 black and injured , it was a human hand . 
 scuffed and muted red splashes of color on the tips of swollen fingers . 
 found you . 
 another little slip of paper . 
 `` 1,562 -- left foot , red nail polish . '' 
 they were putting a person back together . 
 anne found 2,784 's left foot and other hand . 
 someone loved 2,784 enough to know what color nail polish she wore . 
 she sorted through them all -- hands , feet , ribs , teeth , elbows , flesh . 
 she knew who was married because their left ring finger was missing . 
 unyielding metal bands ripping the tender flesh away from its body . 
 when she found them , she sent them away from that dark , wet , cold place where they were kept in bags and the stench consumed her . 
 death settled into her every pore . 
 stood before her in every moment . 
 grinned and blew its rancid breath in her face . 
 sometimes , anne came off the truck and wrapped their wounded black flesh in soft white cotton . 
 they were warm in the gymnasium and she laid them on the cushion of the coffin . 
 the jagged edges smoothed . 
 thank you , they said to her . 
 most of them were buried together , unidentified . 
 the coffins full of pretty white packages . 
 and with them went a little slip of paper . 
 `` i did not know you , but i loved you . '' 
 now she was twenty-nine . 
 another dead body , another broken heart . 
 another voice whispering in her ear . 
 the shroud of death , her companion . 
 had it been the one with her , all those years ago ? 
 her imaginary friend who had whispered to her in the language only a child can understand ? 
 the dark companion always ready to lead her into his dark shadows ? 
 perhaps it had never left her side after all . 
 had it changed its face ... its voice ... its name ? 
 was it named rale ? 
 always , it had whispered to her . 
 come with me , come with me . 
 had this been the darkness it was leading her to ? 
 leading her to this moment ? 
 to this gun ? 
 it was right beside her , inches away from her hand which rested gently on the floor beside sean 's bed . 
 she knew it was only a matter of time before she reached for it . 
 but would she use it ? 
 or would she take it home with her ? 
 home ... she could take it home ... ... where her daughter would be ... `` enough ! '' 
 she yelled . 
 she crawled to the bed and reached under , friction warming her hand as it slid back and forth over the carpet . 
 zap ! 
 a static shock zinged her fingers as they touched cold metal and curled around the barrel . 
 the darkness grew paler and the heaviness lifted . 
 an effervescent pressure built up . 
 her lungs tingled , her heart raced , and the corners of her lips rose up in a smile . 
 panting , she giggled . 
 rale touched her hand . 
 pale skin , somehow dark , reached under hers and sapped the warmth , but also the pain . 
 like withdrawing a dagger from her heart , the pain broke free , released in a torrent that carried her life force away . 
 it pulled her toward rale and he touched her face with his other hand . 
 liquid ice poured over her . 
 the dark energy of her spirit flowed toward him . 
 his watery eyes looked back at her and in that moment he was real . 
 `` rale , it 's my fault . 
 i did n't mean for any of this to happen . '' 
 a silvery tear fell from rale 's eye . 
 `` i know . '' 
 he gripped her hand , and together , their arms rose up until the barrel of the gun was beside her temple . 
 rale nodded his head once . 
 `` let go . '' 
 cold metal touched her skin and she flinched . 
 her finger found the trigger and everything fell away . 
 she felt what dan had felt . 
 and she understood . 
 and she was free . 
 chapter 36 panic , as wild and hot as fire , burned through dan 's spirit as he watched anne raise the gun to her head . 
 it boiled inside his chest and a scream tore its way up his throat . 
 lips pursing , he stifled the approaching shriek as desperate tears , born of sheer helplessness , sprang from his eyes . 
 his fingers curled into claws and he grabbed tar by the shoulders and shook . 
 `` do something ! '' 
 tar slipped away and reappeared on the other side of dan , his own eyes blazing . 
 `` rale . 
 stop . '' 
 rale either did not hear , or did not care . 
 the gun barrel touched her skin . 
 something seemed to snap inside tar . 
 `` not again ! '' 
 he shouted , his spirit growing as light as rale 's spirit was dark . 
 the cold shadow that surrounded anne seared away as tar knelt close to her , reached through it , and touched her face . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ anne closed her eyes and increased the pressure on the trigger . 
 a white light flashed over her eyelids and she hesitated . 
 it was only for a moment , but a vision flashed before her . 
 the front door opened , letting in the brilliance of the sun . 
 tar stood in the doorway and smiled at her . 
 no , not tar . 
 sean . 
 a look of horror slid quietly over sean 's face as he looked down at something heaped on the floor . 
 walking over to it , he sank to his knees and covered it with his body . 
 cradled in his hands , anne 's bloody , lifeless face stared up at him , her fingers still clutching his gun . 
 tears rolled down his face . 
 his body shuddered . 
 he screamed . 
 anne opened her eyes and the vision faded into the darkness of the apartment . 
 she removed the gun from her head and looked at it as though it were a viper in her hand . 
 `` my god , '' she whispered , putting it down on the floor beside her . 
 she had given even less consideration to sean than dan had given to her . 
 at least dan had been four hundred miles away . 
 she had almost killed herself in sean 's apartment , with his gun . 
 he would have walked in and found her , just as she had seen a moment ago . 
 anne shivered , thankful for the last moment vision that had saved her . 
 strange that i imagined seeing tar at first . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ tar sighed , removing his hand from anne 's face . 
 tears welled in his eyes and threatened to spill over . 
 rale inclined his head slightly toward tar and let go of anne 's hand . 
 dan , gasping and whimpering his thanks , reached out to tar , but tar recoiled and disappeared in a grey , misty haze before the first tear fell . 
 dan was left staring at his outstretched hand . 
 anne returned the gun to its hiding place , and collapsed on the bed , sobbing . 
 what had happened between tar and anne was a mystery , but dan understood that somehow tar had saved her . 
 cold relief gave way to burning anger . 
 lip trembling , he pointed at rale who still sat on the floor . 
 `` i do n't care what tar says , you are a demon . 
 pure evil . 
 there is nothing good in you . '' 
 rale frowned and nodded his head . 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 he stood and walked over to dan . 
 `` but things are n't always what they seem . 
 i heard what tar said about me that day at your friend 's house . 
 he said a lot of things ... but the funny part is , he was n't talking about me . 
 he was talking about himself . '' 
 dan thought back to that day . 
 standing under the weeping willow tree with tar . 
 rale only a shadow on rick 's porch . 
 rale sat on the couch and gave a heavy sigh . 
 `` tar is the one punishing himself , not i. something else punishes me . 
 it holds me here against my will and my spirit has grown dark because of it . 
 tar chooses to stay . 
 i knew him when he was alive , and i watched him die . 
 i know all his secrets . 
 he 's the one who ca n't forgive himself ... or anyone else . 
 he 's the one who wo n't let go . '' 
 dan shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 that 's not true . 
 tar 's been to real heaven . 
 he was going to take me there . '' 
 rale looked down at his hands . 
 `` he 's never been to those shores . 
 only looked upon it , across the waters of his shame . '' 
 what exactly , dan wondered , was rale saying ? 
 his eyes narrowed as he looked at rale . 
 `` why does tar punish himself ? 
 what is it he ca n't forgive himself for ? '' 
 silence . 
 `` you knew tar when he was alive ? '' 
 dan asked . 
 `` how ? '' 
 rale stood and turned away from dan . 
 `` oh , i knew him all right . 
 he has n't told you , has he ? 
 i was alive with tar ... so long ago ... tar would say that i killed him . '' 
 rale turned back toward dan and looked at him , as if wanting to see his reaction . 
 `` does that shock you ? '' 
 dan shrugged nonchalantly as he gritted his teeth . 
 `` no . 
 i already figured you were a murderer , anyway . '' 
 with a slight nod , rale turned away again and moved to the other side of the room . 
 he began examining the small metal figurines on the bookshelf . 
 `` but that 's not true . 
 it 's not my fault tar died . 
 it was his own fault ... if he had n't ... '' the words trailed off and rale closed his eyes , and sighed one of those deep sighs that means a person has searched and searched , and is tired of trying to find the right words . 
 dan smirked . 
 `` are you trying to convince me ... or yourself of that ? 
 what really happened , rale ? '' 
 when rale heard his name , he froze and then turned to face dan once more , a pained look on his face . 
 `` why do n't you ask tar . '' 
 dan clenched his jaw . 
 `` gah , what is it with you two ? 
 why ca n't anything ever be a simple answer ? 
 anyway , anne has nothing to do with either of you . 
 why do you torment her ? '' 
 rale came closer . 
 dan instinctively took a step back as he approached . 
 rale held his hands up in surrender and stopped a few feet away . 
 `` i will give you a simple answer . 
 i do not torment her . 
 she is a tormented spirit , as am i. i am drawn to her because our spirits are alike . 
 dark . 
 full of grief ... despair ... guilt ... i do not cause her pain . 
 i take it from her . 
 it nourishes my spirit because nothing else can . 
 as you say , there is no good in me . 
 that was taken from me long ago . '' 
 confused , dan looked down at the floor trying to sort out what rale was saying . 
 rale bent his head down to catch dan 's gaze . 
 he raised his eyebrows slightly as if to encourage dan in his musings . 
 dan 's lips parted , but quickly closed again . 
 rale 's eyebrows dropped in resignation . 
 `` why do you fail to see that which is so obvious ? '' 
 he pointed at dan . 
 `` you cause her pain . 
 you brought this down upon her . '' 
 he dropped his hand and shrugged . 
 `` i am only taking the pain that you have given her . 
 you want me to leave her alone ? 
 if i did that , then she would be utterly alone . 
 you left her ... why ? '' 
 rale closed his eyes for a few moments , and when he opened them again , he looked at dan with eyes that pierced all the layers of bullshit dan had built around himself and saw into the heart within . 
 he smiled . 
 dan saw a certain kind of understanding in that smile , as though something important had just fallen into place . 
 fuck . 
 `` you wanted this , '' rale said with a little nod of the head . 
 `` yes . 
 you wanted her to suffer . 
 just a little bit . '' 
 `` you 're so full of shit , rale . '' 
 `` it 's all right , i understand why you did . 
 you gave her signs , and she was supposed to save you . 
 if she loved you she would n't have left you alone at her apartment . 
 she would have seen . 
 and she would have saved you . '' 
 `` shut up . '' 
 dan bit his lower lip , body shaking with rage . 
 rale came closer . 
 a cold breath of air rustled around dan 's spirit . 
 `` that kiss in the parking lot . 
 that was it , was n't it ? 
 the last kiss . 
 it should have worked . 
 it always works in the movies . 
 but she just toddled away ... left you like you were nothing . '' 
 dan ground his teeth . 
 `` that 's not true , rale . 
 stop it . '' 
 dark spots of fury floated before his eyes . 
 `` it is true , and you know it , '' rale spat at him . 
 `` she disappointed you . 
 she should have known . 
 and you wanted her to suffer . '' 
 rale leaned in close to dan and whispered . 
 `` you would show her , would n't you ? 
 she would be sorry . '' 
 rale leaned back , his voice dripping with derision . 
 `` and she is sorry now , is n't she ? '' 
 the dark spots grew larger and fused together until all was blackness . 
 a shrill ringing screamed in his ears . 
 trembling hands reached up and held his head which swam dizzily through a haze of fury and stark contrition . 
 everything rale said was true . 
 in the fog of his depression , he had believed he was giving her signs . 
 she was supposed to see his signs and save him . 
 when she did n't , it meant that his life was n't worth saving . 
 he knew it was n't her fault , yet still he had been angry . 
 hurt . 
 disappointed . 
 she would be sorry , he told himself . 
 after he was dead , she would realize how much she loved him , how worthy he was of being saved . 
 perhaps then his life would finally have meaning ... to someone ... he sank to his knees , head bowed , and let the tears fall . 
 rale looked down on him with what might have been pity . 
 `` everyone has left her now . 
 except me . 
 her pain discomforts them . 
 sean will try to help her , but ultimately , he wants what she ca n't give . 
 no one there understands her pain . 
 to cause the death of someone you love ? '' 
 he sighed and his eyes grew hard and callous , all pity vanishing like dust in a flame . 
 `` yes , dan ... i do know that pain ... . 
 and i will not leave her unless she tells me to go . '' 
 anne 's sleepy voice whispered in the next room . 
 `` rale ... are you here ? '' 
 dan looked at rale 's watery form through the tears in his eyes . 
 rale turned his back on him and walked into the bedroom . 
 `` i 'm here . '' 
 part 3 hope . 
 it 's a quiet emotion . 
 you hardly even notice its existence until it 's gone . 
 there are a few moments , however , when it makes its presence acutely known . 
 anticipation . 
 longing . 
 fear . 
 when you are afraid , really afraid , then the only thing you have to hold onto is hope . 
 when you lose hope , fear destroys you . 
 people often say something is hopeless , but i do n't think they really believe it . 
 the more hopeless the cause , the more hope grows in a person 's heart . 
 before i lost my hope , it never mattered how depressed , or angry , or agitated , or even how afraid i became . 
 i fought and struggled to make my life better . 
 because i had hope . 
 when a person first hears the word , `` cancer '' , they do n't lose their hope . 
 they do n't give up and die . 
 they accept death only when all hope for recovery is gone . 
 and then their loved one gather around them ... no matter how ugly it gets ... no matter the pain , the hardship , the burden . 
 i fought and battled my disease for decades because my hope battled along with me . 
 a silent , singular warrior lifting me up through the darkest of my nights . 
 the disease i had did n't allow me to share the burden with loved ones . 
 we had to fight alone , my hope and i . 
 it was the quiet , day to day kind of hope that is n't even noticed . 
 it 's such an unassuming emotion that when it left me , i did n't even realize that it had gone . 
 and i struggled to understand what was happening to me . 
 i did n't know why i was so afraid . 
 why the darkness was closing in on me . 
 why i was lonely even with anne at my side . 
 why i was losing the battle . 
 after i died , i heard someone say , `` why did he kill himself ? 
 he had everything , a good job , good car , good woman , he was young and healthy . '' 
 none of them understood how unhealthy i was . 
 that i battled a potentially fatal disease . 
 my illness did not show on the outside of my body like cancer does . 
 it was hidden away inside my brain . 
 and i reached the end stage with my illness , just like that cancer patient . 
 my hope left me . 
 i accepted my death . 
 but i know now that there is another kind of hope . 
 life is hope . 
 ~ dan chapter 37 when i saw you i fell in love , and you smiled because you knew . 
 ~ william shakespeare ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ sean 's heart crashed to the floor where he was fairly certain something was now jumping up and down on it . 
 it was fluttering nervously and he brought his hand up for one quick smack onto his chest . 
 he shook his head and took a deep breath . 
 `` anyway , i just thought i should tell you what happened today , '' anne said , `` and you know ... you might want to hide your gun . '' 
 the color drained from sean 's face . 
 how could i have been so stupid ? 
 the vision of walking in the door and finding her crumpled , lifeless body in a pool of blood , holding his gun , flashed before his eyes . 
 spots danced in the vision as more of the blood from his head raced to his tight muscles which were pulling back like springs . 
 anne looked up at him , dark circles under red puffy eyes . 
 her clothes hung on her and she had to keep pulling her jeans up . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 sean closed his eyes and took a deep breath , trying through force of will to relax his muscles . 
 he retrieved the gun and placed it in the large combination safe that was cemented into the floor . 
 when he returned , he sat beside her on the couch and reached out to her , but she recoiled from his touch . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said . 
 `` i just thought you needed a hug . '' 
 `` i should n't be here , '' she whispered . 
 she started to rise , but sean reached out and caught her forearm . 
 `` hey , wait . 
 do n't go . 
 there 's no reason you should n't be here . '' 
 anne relaxed and looked down at her hands . 
 `` i 'm just being a burden on you . '' 
 sean was n't sure how to proceed . 
 his heart ached for her . 
 `` anne , you are n't a burden on me . 
 i ... '' i what ? 
 what do i say ? 
 think ... say something ... anne looked up , her watery blue eyes shimmering with tears . 
 she snuffled and dragged the back of her hand across her nose , her voice trembling slightly . 
 `` wha-what ? '' 
 every muscle in his body wanted to take her in his arms and pull her close to him , and protect her from all the agony and suffering in this cruel world . 
 the words came to him now and he wanted to shout them . 
 i love you . 
 and i love alexandra . 
 and i will never leave you like he did . 
 he looked away from her . 
 `` anne ... i. . . 
 i still love you . 
 i know how much you loved dan , and i know it 's going to take a long time for you to get over this . 
 but ... i can take care of you ... until you do . '' 
 his face roasted as he fiddled with a loose thread on the hem of his shirt . 
 one of those uncomfortable silences , the kind that makes people want to hold their breath and not move their head for fear the creaking of their vertebrae might interrupt something , settled on the air . 
 it was also the kind of silence that invariably makes an itch tingle across a person 's face , or climb up their throat . 
 anne scratched her nose . 
 sean coughed . 
 he was fairly certain he had just fucked up big time . 
 anne turned to him , one shining tear rolling down her cheek . 
 she stood up and wiped both hands down across her face . 
 `` i do n't belong here . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i have to go . '' 
 she grabbed her purse from the table and walked toward the door . 
 sean hung his head low and sighed . 
 `` anne , you do n't have to go . 
 just forget what i said . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 but do n't go . 
 please . '' 
 he walked over to her and put his hand over hers , which was clutching the door knob . 
 she whispered so low that he almost could n't hear her . 
 `` i ca n't do this . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 he should n't have said any of that to her . 
 it was too early . 
 how could he have been so stupid ? 
 `` you have nothing to be sorry about . 
 look , i 'm not trying to do anything , i promise . 
 i just want to help . '' 
 `` it 's all right , sean . 
 look , i have to go to work tomorrow anyway . 
 can i come over on my day off ? '' 
 `` sure , sure , of course . 
 you can come over anytime . 
 you 're always welcome , always . 
 i 'll do anything to get you through this , anne . '' 
 she smiled a little . 
 `` you 'll have more of that ecstasy wo n't you ? '' 
 chapter 38 if you 're going through hell , keep going . 
 ~ winston churchill ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ june slipped into july . 
 dan had been dead for over two months . 
 the world kept turning . 
 birds kept singing . 
 time kept marching onward . 
 for twenty-nine years , anne had marched onward , head down , shuffled this way and that by the multitudes around her . 
 on the day she saw dan for the last time , on a cold metal table , she sat down . 
 sat down in the muck as the throng had continued marching , marching , marching . 
 forever onward . 
 no one noticed her absence . 
 heads down , they were shuffled this way and that , sometimes fumbling and falling . 
 but the throng swept up the fallen ones and carried them along . 
 not with loving arms and gentle hands , but with the sheer weight of their force and the heavy boots of their ever marching feet . 
 anne understood now . 
 dan had fallen , and instead of being swept along , had been crushed by the throng of life . 
 it would not crush her however , because it had passed her by . 
 she was bruised and battered , but remained . 
 in the distance , she saw it , a cloud of dust hovering around where life trudged and trampled all in its path . 
 her daughter was somewhere beneath that dust cloud . 
 anne tried to get up and move forward . 
 a mother should not sit down while her child is carried away from her . 
 but the ground beneath her , trampled with the tears and blood of the fallen , clung to her . 
 she could not pull herself out of the morass of her despair . 
 and what , she asked herself , would she do if she caught hold of her daughter ? 
 sit down with her in the mud ? 
 anne wanted the three of them to be together again , like it used to be . 
 and she did not want to abandon her daughter to the cruel march of a heartless world . 
 the logical solution , it seemed , was for her and alexandra to join dan on that little sandy bank by the sparkling river . 
 the river that she had seen in her vision . 
 no mud . 
 no trampling feet . 
 no pain . 
 at first , this logic seemed flawed , and quickly disregarded . 
 suicide was one thing . 
 murder , quite another . 
 the grief clouded her mind , she realized . 
 all the more reason to get her affairs in order quickly and get her suicide completed . 
 alexandra deserved to have her own life , and she would forget about her mother and dan . 
 pain was a part of life . 
 everyone suffered , and alexandra would be no different . 
 she would march along and she would suffer , but she would be alive . 
 she would be much better off without a mother like anne . 
 as time went on , however , the logic grew more sound . 
 was n't it a mother 's job to protect her child from pain and suffering ? 
 there was no pain or suffering of any kind on that little sandy bank by the sparkling river . 
 but how could she do it now , she wondered . 
 she had lost her chance at getting sean 's gun . 
 the gun would have been the best way . 
 quick and painless , the homicide detective had told her . 
 he had told her other things as well , but anne no longer thought about those things . 
 sitting by the tub , bathing alexandra , thoughts floated through her foggy mind . 
 how long would it take ? 
 had n't she read somewhere that drowning was a peaceful way to die ? 
 would alexandra fight her ? 
 the image of alexandra 's peaceful , still , one might assume sleeping , body under the water was replaced with a vision of her flailing and screaming and crying . 
 anne blinked . 
 `` stop it ! '' 
 she yelled . 
 `` what , mama ? '' 
 alexandra 's tiny voice echoed in the confines of the steamy bathroom . 
 `` nothing , sweetie . 
 come on , let 's get you out of that water . '' 
 `` no , mama , i play some more , please ? '' 
 `` now , alexandra ! '' 
 anne 's voice was too loud , and she whisked the stopper from the drain and threw it across the room . 
 it struck the closed door and bounced on the floor . 
 alexandra sat with her mouth open , as the water swirled around her . 
 `` okay mama , i get out now . '' 
 in these small moments , anne was able to deny and swat away the logic that gnawed its way into her consciousness . 
 little by little , however , it bored and chewed through her defenses . 
 until finally , the day came when anne could no longer find any flaw in the logic at all . 
 why would a mother flee to the golden shores of paradise and leave her child helpless , in the toil and misery of the mortal coil ? 
 only a selfish mother would do that . 
 a good mother protects her child above all else . 
 a good mother never abandons her child . 
 driving down the interstate , approaching the concrete over-pass , anne wondering briefly if she would have time to reach back and unfasten alexandra 's car seat belt . 
 her foot pressed down on the gas pedal . 
 sixty . 
 sixty-five . 
 anne unbuckled her own seat belt . 
 seventy . 
 seventy-five . 
 she reached back , fumbling for the release and felt alexandra 's tiny warm hand upon her own . 
 anne shook her head , as if waking from a nightmare . 
 her foot eased off the gas pedal . 
 a new feeling of urgency began to drive her forward , for she knew that she could not refute the logic much longer . 
 she found a handbook to euthanasia for the terminally ill . 
 she smiled at how simple and painless it would be . 
 a few sleeping pills . 
 and a plastic bag . 
 and then eternity . 
 she made a checklist , and started from the top , working her way down . 
 she increased the limits on her life insurance policy . 
 she set up a children 's trust for alexandra . 
 she grew more excited as she finished each task on her checklist , and the day grew closer . 
 she found that the closer she got to her suicide , the more relaxed and content she became . 
 her appetite returned . 
 she smiled more . 
 occasionally , anne was bothered by troublesome thoughts . 
 committing suicide just like dan did ? 
 is n't his suicide what makes him a complete asshole ? 
 anne quickly dispelled this recurring nuisance , however . 
 `` that 's different . 
 dan had no good reason to kill himself . 
 i do . 
 it 's his fault i 'm doing this . 
 fuck off . '' 
 you 're going to do to them , what he did to you . 
 `` do to who ? 
 who gives a shit about me ? 
 no one that i can see . 
 my rotting corpse could have laid in this apartment for days and no one would even miss me . '' 
 sean will miss you . 
 `` he 'll get over it . '' 
 maybe that 's what dan thought , too . 
 `` fuck off . '' 
 chapter 39 at first , dan had thought anne saved when she put the gun down . 
 the climax reached , the princess rescued . 
 after that moment , he had even considered looking for those white shores that rale had spoken of . 
 it did n't take long , however , before he recognized the new phase she moved into . 
 the quiet contemplation phase . 
 the careful planning phase . 
 this , he realized was even more dangerous than when she had a loaded gun to her head . 
 she was using her logic now , and irrational logic is often impossible to shake . 
 he knew , first hand . 
 and then dan began thinking of other things rale had spoken of . 
 tar . 
 and guilt . 
 and punishment . 
 rale had said a lot more about tar than tar had said about himself . 
 and dan began to wonder why tar was really here , in this ` in between place ' . 
 he also tried to remember if tar had ever actually spoken of being in real heaven . 
 when dan had asked him about where he went off to , tar would always say , `` in my heaven . '' 
 dan was no longer sure what that meant . 
 tar said he had let go of his mortal life long ago . 
 was there something else he still held onto ? 
 finally , dan asked him one day as they watched anne and alexandra feed bread to ducks at the little lake beside her apartment building . 
 `` tar , i want to know about when you were alive . 
 and how you died . '' 
 `` why would you want to know that ? '' 
 `` i 'm just curious . 
 you know so much about me , but i know almost nothing about you . '' 
 tar lay on his back on the ground and looked up at the fluffy white cotton ball clouds which blanketed the sky . 
 he swept his hands back and forth over the thick grass . 
 `` none of that matters anymore , dan . 
 i let go of that li -- -- '' `` yeah , yeah , i know . 
 you let go of that life a long time ago . '' 
 dan sat beside him and picked at the blades of grass . 
 the hot sun warmed his face , and a gentle breeze rustled a wind chime somewhere close by . 
 the sleepy , murmuring tones floated through the air , wrapped around him , and pulled on his eyelids . 
 dan blinked several times and glanced over at tar who had closed his eyes , a hint of a smile on his face . 
 `` tar , i do n't think i believe you anymore . 
 if it 's true , and you let go of that life , then why are n't you in real heaven right now ? '' 
 dan motioned toward the area around them , which was crowded with ducks and the occasional goose , all vying for the next ball of soft , mushy manna that would come flying from alexandra 's hand . 
 `` why do you keep coming here to be with me ? '' 
 tar frowned and sat up . 
 `` i came here because you asked for help . 
 or have you forgotten that day not so long ago when you were down on your knees groveling before your own bloody corpse ? '' 
 `` oh yes , i remember that day . 
 and i remember thinking you were god . 
 or maybe an angel sent to help me . 
 you were snide then too . 
 and you know what ? 
 i 'm beginning to think you 're full of shit . 
 i think maybe you 're just a man who 's stuck here , the same as me . '' 
 tar stood , a full blown scowl now on his face as he looked down at dan . 
 `` i never claimed to be anything other than a man . 
 i always told you i was a spirit just like you . 
 and maybe if you would for once think about someone other than yourself , you would -- -- '' `` how did you die , tar ? '' 
 `` that 's none of your damn business . '' 
 tar turned away , and made a move as if to leave . 
 dan hopped up , and the volume of his voice rose significantly . 
 `` did rale kill you ? '' 
 tar froze . 
 dan remained silent and did not dare move a muscle . 
 tar did not turn around , but hung his head and sighed . 
 `` he told you that , eh ? '' 
 `` well ... sort of . 
 he said it was n't his fault . 
 what happened ? 
 was it an accident ? '' 
 at this , tar turned sharply , his eyes a sea of flame . 
 `` it was no accident . 
 of that you can be assured . '' 
 perhaps realizing he had said more than he intended , he shook his head and glared at dan before disappearing with a flash of red , electric fire . 
 chapter 40 friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another : `` what ! 
 you too ? 
 i thought i was the only one . 
 ~ c.s. lewis ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ as anne surfed the web , the abundance of ` after death communication ' and ` near death experience ' sites assured her she was n't the only one searching for answers , or possibly a shoulder to cry on . 
 she no longer sought out support from her family or friends . 
 sean supported her in the only way she would allow - with drugs and a safe place to use them . 
 after his confession , she had to be careful around him for both of their sakes . 
 his feelings for her could not be allowed to run deeper . 
 all the harder it would be on him when she died . 
 anne did not want to get over dan . 
 she did not want to move on or love another man . 
 sean would be kept safely at a distance . 
 alone in her apartment , when alexandra was either asleep or with her father , anne sought comfort from the sea of faceless strangers waiting inside her computer . 
 scrolling through message boards , most comments read of losing parents , or children , or spouses . 
 widows . 
 they were the ones given all the comfort that she was denied . 
 badges of honor and of suffering were lauded upon them by a compassionate world which turned its back on her . 
 it 's not like you were married to the man . 
 she had never posted anything . 
 it was too much trouble . 
 but an urge came upon her , and she quite unexpectedly found herself typing away furiously on her keyboard . 
 safe from pain in her anger , a cathartic release of energy flowing out through her fingertips . 
 click-click-click-click . 
 the staccato cadence tapped on her spirit , hammering out her fury one releasing click at a time : this after death communication trip is all bullshit . 
 i 've stared into mirrors until i 'm hypnotized , and still see nothing but a memory of him . 
 and my memory is fading . 
 i 've listened to recorded white noise until my ears ring and i start making shit up , pretending i 'm hearing his voice in the garbled static that spews out . 
 i 've scribbled useless crap across dozens of pieces of paper that all end up in the garbage can . 
 if i ever see him again , it will be from my own god damned grave . 
 there was a response to her post the next day . 
 hi anne , i am replying to your comment on the after death communication web site . 
 i know something of what you 're going through . 
 my fiancée , kim , died a month and a half ago from liver damage due to drinking . 
 i 've found some peace and i 'd like to share that with you , if you like . 
 if not , tell me to get lost and i 'll respect that . 
 ~ chris anne read the message several times . 
 a fiancée . 
 dead just a few weeks . 
 what the hell ? . 
 dear chris , hi , thanks for writing to me . 
 it has been 8 weeks since dan died . 
 mostly what i am fighting now is the strong desire to follow him . 
 do you feel suicidal ? 
 ~ anne hi anne , i pray to god to take me . 
 i do n't care if i get hit by a bus or murdered . 
 but suicide ? 
 i ca n't do it myself . 
 i have to wait for god to take me . 
 then i 'll get everything i 've been denied here . 
 ~ chris dear chris , yes , my first choice would be to die naturally . 
 i leave my doors unlocked and i do n't wear my seatbelt and when i clean the kitchen , i do n't dry my hands when i plug the coffee maker in and out . 
 there 's no one here i can talk to . 
 a lot of people just want to hear the gory details . 
 they want to know if he blew his brains out , and all that . 
 but the truth is most people do n't say anything . 
 i do n't know if it 's because he was `` just my boyfriend '' or because it was a suicide . 
 i guess maybe if he had been killed by a drunk driver , or died of cancer , people might be more compassionate . 
 who knows ... i do n't really care anyway . 
 it seems weird , but i actually keep thinking about shooting myself in the head . 
 i feel like i want to die the same way he did , and experience the same thing . 
 crazy , huh ? 
 ~ anne dear anne , i think about dying all the time . 
 kim did n't commit suicide , but since she drank herself to death , in a way she did kill herself . 
 i did n't realize she had a drinking problem , but no one believes me . 
 i found out after she died that she was a `` functional alcoholic '' , which means she acted normal when she was drunk . 
 her brother told me that , before i met her , she almost died from liver damage and the doctors told her she could never drink again . 
 unfortunately , no one told me about this until it was too late . 
 after she died , i searched the house , and found bottles of rum hidden all over . 
 apparently , she drank all day while i was at work and i never knew . 
 i only drink beer myself . 
 but , like you , i have developed an obsession with how kim died . 
 i would never tell anyone else this , but i started drinking her rum . 
 after i finished off her bottles , i bought more . 
 it tastes like crap , but i keep drinking it anyway . 
 and i wonder how long it will take to die . 
 ~ chris chapter 41 since dan 's confrontation with tar , they had maintained a quiet distance from each other . 
 more often alone now , dan searched for a way to talk to anne . 
 as she searched her mirror for images of him , he ran his hand over the smooth glass , trying to find a way inside . 
 once , rale had taken dan 's hand and brushed his fingertips lightly across the surface of the mirror . 
 an icy coldness jetted up his arm and he instinctively pulled away from rale 's grasp , just as he saw a flash of recognition sweep across anne 's face . 
 she sat up straighter , blinking , and looked deeper in the mirror . 
 `` dan ? '' 
 dan turned to rale and stretched his hand toward him . 
 but rale only smiled and faded away . 
 at first , dan thought his voice had captured on the tape recorder she used to record white noise in the apartment . 
 she would hold it up and ask a question to the empty air . 
 dan would stand close to the microphone and answer . 
 he strained his ears along with anne as they listened together to the play back . 
 strange voices and muffled words whispered in the static . 
 or did they ? 
 the first time he put his hand over hers as she held a pencil over paper , he easily wrote out the words ` i love you . 
 i 'm sorry ' . 
 until he looked down at the paper again and saw only a scrawling line of gibberish . 
 dan vowed to keep trying . 
 if rale had made her see him in the mirror , if only for a moment , then it must be possible . 
 but this night , she did not light any candles , or pull out her tape recorder . 
 instead she sat in front of her computer sending messages back and forth to a man named chris . 
 as dan watched her , an uncomfortable feeling crept through him . 
 she smiled as she read the messages from chris , something dan had not seen in many days . 
 he leaned over her shoulder , scrutinizing the newest message . 
 her pack of cigarettes is still sitting on the table . 
 her antacid , and brush , and face cream . 
 i do n't want to get rid of any of it . 
 her brush still has her hair in it . 
 i know it would creep people out if i told them that . 
 i flipped when someone threw away the diet coke can she was drinking from right before i took her to the hospital . 
 i had to dig it out of the trash can . 
 anne giggled . 
 dan looked at her with irritation , wondering what was so funny . 
 chris , i know exactly what you mean ! 
 i still have a box of ice cream in the freezer that 's three months old . 
 i ca n't throw it away because me and dan ate it together . 
 i cried when i threw away the empty bottle of shampoo that he bought . 
 and then i went and dug it out of the trash . 
 part of me wants to wear his shirts because they smell like him , but the other part of me is afraid they will stop smelling like him if i do . 
 i never thought anything could make me feel better . 
 please keep writing to me , as your words are pure comfort . 
 dan should feel grateful that anne had found some comfort , and he tried very hard to convince himself of this . 
 the air on the other side of anne shimmered and flickered with static sparks . 
 and then tar appeared . 
 `` you 're scowling , '' he said . 
 `` any particular reason why ? '' 
 `` why are you always sneaking around like that ? '' 
 dan replied testily . 
 `` ever heard of privacy ? 
 ca n't you like ... knock ... or something ? '' 
 tar raised his eyebrows and made a grumbling sound . 
 he looked at anne and then , leaning over her , at the computer screen . 
 when he looked back up at dan he smiled one of those condescending smiles that makes the blood boil of the person at whom the smile is directed . 
 `` jealous , are we ? '' 
 dan 's face turned red . 
 `` shut up , tar . 
 that 's ridiculous . '' 
 `` oh , i know it 's ridiculous . '' 
 `` i 'm not jealous ! 
 what do you want ? 
 and you can wipe that smirk off your face ! '' 
 the smirk deepened and tar chuckled . 
 `` i came here to show you something . 
 come over here . '' 
 he walked toward the middle of the room and held his arms out toward dan . 
 `` you 've got to be kidding me , '' dan said . 
 `` oh , stop being an infant and come here . '' 
 dan walked over to him , but did not take his hands . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to take you some place . 
 since you 've never been there before , i need you to focus on me , and then we 'll go together . '' 
 dan took a step back . 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` do n't worry , it 's right here , on this god forsak -- -- ... it 's right here on earth . '' 
 when dan made no move , tar dropped his hands and sighed . 
 `` you can come right back here , i promise . 
 it wo n't take long . 
 trust me . '' 
 dan hesitated , but he shrugged and held out his hands . 
 `` what the hell . '' 
 tar took dan 's hands and closed his eyes . 
 dan closed his as well , and a warm tingle just started to creep up his fingers and into his wrists when tar said , `` we 're here . '' 
 dan stood in a small-ish room which appeared to be a living room . 
 he instantly felt anxious as he looked around at all the stuff in this particular room . 
 some might call it cozy , others would call it cluttered . 
 dan would call it full of useless crap . 
 there were bookshelves full of brick-a-brack , papers piled on tables , throw rugs on top of carpeting , a crowded mantle over the fireplace , vases full of dried flowers , folk-sy , country art on the walls , and seemingly endless frilly pillows on the over-stuffed , flower print sofa . 
 dan shook his head as he maneuvered around the furniture toward the mantle , in front of which , tar stood . 
 `` what the heck did you bring me here for ? '' 
 tar pointed to a picture on the mantle . 
 a woman lounged comfortably in the arms of a man . 
 `` i wanted to show you this picture . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because i 'm going to introduce you to the woman in a minute , and i wanted you to know what she looks like . '' 
 dan looked around . 
 `` what ? 
 she can see us ? 
 like alexandra ? 
 is she like , a medium or something ? '' 
 `` no . 
 she 's dead . '' 
 `` wha -- -- she 's what ... ? 
 dead ? '' 
 `` you catch on quick . 
 yes , she 's dead . 
 a spirit , like you and me . 
 i wanted you to know what she really looks like . 
 i do n't want you imagining her as some movie star you had a crush on . 
 that could be very distracting . '' 
 dan looked more closely at the picture . 
 the woman appeared in her mid-thirties , petite and darkly tanned , with a brilliant white-toothed smile . 
 the man who had his arms wrapped around her appeared a bit older , with long dark blonde hair under a baseball cap which was turned backward . 
 `` who are they ? '' 
 tar pointed to the man . 
 `` that 's your buddy who 's sending anne messages , chris . 
 and that , '' he said pointing to the woman , `` is his dead fiancée , kim . '' 
 `` no shit ? 
 and i 'm going to meet her ? 
 the drunk ? '' 
 `` i 'm not a drunk , asshole , '' a feminine voice replied . 
 dan spun around and saw the woman standing just behind him , a look of profound irritation on her face . 
 tar chuckled . 
 `` so much for my careful introduction . '' 
 chapter 42 dan looked at kim sheepishly . 
 `` uhh ... i 'm sorry . 
 i-i - just thought -- -- '' `` save it , '' kim interrupted . 
 `` i know what you thought . '' 
 she whipped around and looked back at tar . 
 `` look , i was n't an alcoholic , okay ? 
 maybe i used to be , but that was a long time ago . 
 i did n't drink that much . 
 really . '' 
 tar held his hands up in surrender . 
 `` hey look , i told you already , i 'm not god . 
 you do n't have to convince me of anything . 
 i 'm just a spirit like you . '' 
 the corners of her mouth drew down in a pouty little expression which reminded dan of anne . 
 he smiled . 
 `` i 'm dan . 
 and i 'm really sorry about what i said . 
 it does n't matter how we died . '' 
 he gave tar a pointed look . 
 `` what do you want , tar ? 
 why did you bring me here ? '' 
 `` i just thought you could use some company . 
 and also , kim here , can talk to chris . '' 
 he gave dan a wink . 
 dan turned to kim . 
 `` no shit , really ? '' 
 kim walked over to the couch and stood looking down at it for a moment . 
 `` why the hell did i want all these damn pillows ? 
 there 's nowhere to freaking sit . '' 
 she sighed and sat down in the recliner instead . 
 `` well , i ca n't exactly talk to him . 
 he hears what i say sometimes ... sort of . '' 
 at that moment , the front door opened . 
 chris flicked a cigarette butt into the bushes outside before coming in . 
 this was not the smiling man from the picture on the mantel . 
 he resembled anne in his haggard , tired facial expression and red , puffy eyes . 
 his eyes flicked briefly to where kim sat and lingered there for more than a moment . 
 reaching down , he grabbed a half empty bottle of rum from the coffee table and went to the computer desk in the far corner . 
 he took such a long swig from the bottle that dan gave a low whistle . 
 `` man , that dude 's going kill himself drinking like that . '' 
 a tiny whimper came from the direction of the recliner and dan winced . 
 `` um ... sorry . '' 
 `` no , it 's all right , '' kim said . 
 `` you 're right . 
 he 's been drinking like that since i died . 
 he had a gun , and i think he might have used it , but his mom took it away from him . 
 now all he does is drink that damn rum . 
 but , he 's had some comfort from talking to your girlfriend . '' 
 `` she 's my fiancée , '' dan corrected . 
 `` well ... i mean ... she was . 
 whatever . 
 yeah , i know . 
 they are chatting quite a bit , huh ? '' 
 tar moved over to the couch and sat down right in the middle of all the pillows . 
 `` dan 's jealous , '' he said with a smirk . 
 `` damn it , tar , i 'm not jealous . 
 why do you have to be such an ass ? '' 
 `` hey , dan , '' kim said . 
 `` do n't worry about it , i know how you feel . 
 it 's not jealousy , exactly . 
 i just wish i could be there to comfort him instead of her . 
 i wish i was n't dead . '' 
 `` yes , '' dan said , looking at kim with a new level of respect . 
 `` that 's exactly how i feel too . '' 
 he walked over to chris and looked over his shoulder as he typed a message to anne . 
 sometimes , i think i see her out of the corner of my eye . 
 when i walked in my front door just now , i swear i saw her sitting in the recliner for a second . 
 sometimes i hear her voice in my head . 
 maybe it 's just my imagination . 
 dan looked back at kim . 
 `` he saw you sitting in that chair when he came in . '' 
 `` yeah , '' kim answered . 
 `` he sees me and hears me sometimes . 
 but usually he does n't believe it . 
 he thinks it 's just his imagination . '' 
 dan looked over at tar . 
 `` how come he can see her ? '' 
 tar got up and walked over to dan . 
 beside chris 's desk stood a stack of three keyboards which were plugged into a mixer which in turn plugged into a pair of speakers . 
 beside the mixer , there was a fourth keyboard and an acoustic guitar . 
 he began playing the middle keyboard and an enchanted melody filled the quiet room . 
 `` it 's because he 's a creative , '' tar said . 
 `` creatives are more connected to our world . 
 it 's where they derive much of their inspiration from . '' 
 as tar reached the crescendo of the piece he played , chris stopped typing and turned toward the keyboards , a puzzled look on his face . 
 `` can he hear that ? '' 
 dan asked . 
 `` um hmm , '' tar replied , nodding . 
 a faint whisper of it , anyway . '' 
 `` and he can hear kim when she talks to him ? '' 
 `` sometimes . '' 
 dan turned eagerly to kim . 
 `` hey , can you give him a message from me ? 
 a message for anne ? '' 
 kim shrugged . 
 `` well , like i said , it 's not that simple . 
 he just picks up little bits and pieces of what i say . 
 more like , the general idea of the words . 
 i ca n't , like , just have a conversation with him . '' 
 `` okay , well , can you try ? 
 just try to make him understand that it 's me ? '' 
 kim thought for a moment . 
 `` it would have to be something only you and anne would know . 
 something simple ... easy for him to grasp ... but meaningful to both of you . '' 
 `` i know something , '' dan said . 
 `` at the art museum in indianapolis there 's a bridge that crosses a little creek . 
 we always kissed every time we stood on that bridge . 
 she called it the kissing bridge . 
 i told her that when i asked -- -- '' he had to pause because something suddenly grabbed his throat and squeezed . 
 tears stung his eyes and threatened to spill over . 
 `` i told her that when i had a ring for her i was going to get down on one knee and propose to her on that bridge . '' 
 dan held his eyes open a little wider , trying to prevent the tears from falling . 
 he felt like a bug under a microscope as kim looked at him curiously . 
 he could tell she wanted to ask him something , but she had the good grace to refrain . 
 perhaps she understood about uncomfortable questions . 
 `` okay , dan . 
 i think that will work . 
 let me give it a try . '' 
 she walked over and kneeled beside chris . 
 `` chris , can you hear me ? 
 it 's kim . 
 i want to tell you something about anne and dan . '' 
 chris kept clicking away on the keyboard . 
 `` there 's a bridge , '' she whispered close to his ear . 
 `` tell anne about the bridge . 
 come on , chris , this is important . 
 you need to tell anne about the bridge . '' 
 chris stopped typing and stared at the screen . 
 kim nodded . 
 `` there 's a bridge , chris . 
 a bridge . 
 the bridge is important to anne . 
 tell anne about the bridge . '' 
 sighing , and then yawning , chris put his head in his hands . 
 dan rolled his eyes . 
 it would have been funny if the situation were n't so dire . 
 this has success written all over it , he thought , unable to hold back a bitter-tasting snort . 
 kim gave dan a sidelong glance and narrowed her eyes at him . 
 turning back to chris , she rested one hand over his , and leaned in even closer , brushing her lips on his ear . 
 `` a bridge , '' she whispered softly . 
 `` tell anne about the bridge . 
 dan says to tell anne about the bridge . '' 
 chris shook his head , and looked around the room . 
 `` a road ? '' 
 kim wrapped her arms around him and leaned her head on his shoulder . 
 `` a bridge . 
 it 's a bridge . 
 the bridge is important to anne and dan . 
 tell her , chris . 
 tell anne about the bridge . '' 
 closing his eyes and leaning back in his chair , chris whispered , `` what are you trying to tell me ? 
 show me the road . 
 what do you mean ? '' 
 kim pressed her cheek against his and gently repeated the word . 
 `` a bridge ... a bridge ... a bridge . '' 
 chris opened his eyes and sat forward . 
 `` a bridge ? '' 
 a triumphant smile lit up kim 's face and she kissed his cheek . 
 `` yes . 
 a bridge . 
 tell anne about the bridge . '' 
 the bottle rose to chris 's lips once more . 
 then he set it down and rubbed his face . 
 `` a bridge , eh ? 
 all right , what the hell . '' 
 he took another swig from the bottle of rum and started typing . 
 kim says there 's something about a bridge . 
 something about dan and a bridge . 
 does that mean anything to you ? 
 chapter 43 blessed are those who mourn , for they shall be comforted . 
 ~ jesus christ , matthew 5:4 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ anne tore her eyes away from the computer screen and rubbed her face . 
 a bridge ? 
 is he talking about the kissing bridge ? 
 she shook her head . 
 no , that 's impossible . 
 it 's just a coincidence . 
 still ... that 's pretty weird . 
 alexandra fussed in the bedroom , so anne went in to check on her . 
 `` hey , baby , you okay ? '' 
 alexandra stretched and yawned and sat up in the bed , rubbing her sleepy eyes . 
 `` mama , why you got them trash bags on ' a win ' ows ? 
 it so dark in here . '' 
 anne smiled and sat on the bed next to her . 
 `` sorry , babe . 
 you want me to turn the light on ? '' 
 `` no , mama . 
 no light . '' 
 alexandra paused as if deep in thought . 
 `` mama , i sorry that i died . '' 
 `` what are you talking about , baby ? '' 
 `` i died , mama . 
 i sorry . 
 i had that baby right in there , '' she said , pointing to her stomach . 
 `` and then , i went like this . '' 
 she balled up her fists , scrunched up her face , and made a loud , low , grunting noise . 
 `` and then , that baby , it came outta there . '' 
 she looked down and pointed between her legs with a puzzled expression on her face . 
 then she looked back at her mother and made a cradling gesture with her arms . 
 `` i held that baby like this ... and then i died ... i sorry , mama , but that little baby , she died too . '' 
 anne sat back and thought for a moment , not sure how to react . 
 `` when did all this happen , alexandra ? '' 
 `` well , you know ... before here . 
 i forgotted all about it . 
 but then i jus ' had this dream , an ' i was right back there wif my udder babies . 
 then i ` membered about dyin ' and oh , that poor , poor little baby dyin ' too . '' 
 anne stroked her daughter 's hair and smiled . 
 she had such a vivid imagination . 
 `` you had other babies in your dream ? '' 
 alexandra raised one eyebrow , the way only she could . 
 `` it was n't no dream , mama . 
 it was real . 
 but i dreamed about it jus ' now , that 's all . 
 i had two udder babies before that one , but they lived . 
 they was big when i died . '' 
 `` oh , well , that 's good . 
 were they boys or girls ? '' 
 `` they was boys . 
 one was good , and the udder was bad . '' 
 `` what do you mean by that ? '' 
 alexandra gave her a very serious look . 
 `` one was a good boy , but the udder one - he was bery , bery bad . '' 
 chapter 44 dear dan , i want to tell you all the things i wish i had told you when you were alive , so here goes . 
 i admired and respected you more than any other person i have ever known . 
 i wanted to be like you . 
 you were always so strong and clear in your convictions . 
 i never saw fear , hesitation , or doubt . 
 your mind was constantly on the go . 
 you were always thinking and planning , and you were always talking . 
 you were so sure i must be upset about something when i was quiet . 
 but my mind was just quieter than yours . 
 sometimes , i wanted to quiet your mind for you , so you could have peace . 
 i thought it was because you were this responsible , intelligent man . 
 i thought that was what made great men great . 
 i had simple thoughts and ideas , but you had big thoughts and grand ideas . 
 you had philosophies . 
 and when you talked , i just got lost in your voice . 
 i could listen to you talk forever ... god , i miss you ... how many times did i say to you `` where did you come from ? '' 
 and you always laughed . 
 you told me there were lots of men like you out there , and i said , `` i 've never met anyone like you . '' 
 you told me it 's because you were the guy who was always sitting in the corner drinking a glass of wine and reading a newspaper . 
 you said no one ever paid attention to that guy , or noticed that he was even there . 
 were you trying to tell me something , even then ? 
 something that i did n't hear ? 
 i was such a mess when i met you , do you remember ? 
 you found me shivering on your doorstep that night . 
 you literally picked me up and carried me into your apartment and your life . 
 i could n't stop shaking , but you started talking to me with that ... god , that voice of yours . 
 it just melted the shock away . 
 when you looked at me , i could barely look back because there was so much power and compassion in your eyes . 
 and you kept pestering me about that glass of wine . 
 it warmed me up , and i felt safe that night . 
 why ca n't i have that night back again ? 
 why did you leave me ? 
 everything happened so fast . 
 i looked up from my despair and there you were . 
 my savior . 
 and now , just as suddenly , you are gone . 
 do you miss me ? 
 do you wish you could come back to me ? 
 are you trying to come back to me ? 
 in your moment of despair , i was not your savior . 
 i wish i could have done for you what you did for me . 
 i was too stupid ... too blind ... too ... what ... ? 
 what did i miss , dan ? 
 why could n't i save you ? 
 ~ anne chapter 45 how do i love thee ? 
 let me count the ways . 
 i love thee to the depth and breadth and height my soul can reach , when feeling out of sight for the ends of being and ideal grace . 
 i love thee to the level of every day 's most quiet need , by sun and candle-light . 
 i love thee freely , as men strive for right ; i love thee purely , as they turn from praise . 
 i love thee with a passion put to use in my old griefs , and with my childhood 's faith . 
 i love thee with a love i seemed to lose with my lost saints , -- i love thee with the breath , smiles , tears , of all my life ! 
 -- and , if god choose , i shall but love thee better after death . 
 ~ elizabeth barrett browning ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ the heat of july was replaced by the blast furnace of august . 
 on august second , what would have been dan 's thirtieth birthday , anne drove to the cemetery in nashville . 
 on anne 's twenty-ninth birthday , dan had dragged his hands across his face and groaned . 
 `` i ca n't believe i 'm going be thirty this summer ... '' anne had playfully tousled his hair and said , `` hey , it beats the alternative . '' 
 `` what alternative ? '' 
 `` well , you know , '' she said with a smirk , `` not turning thirty . '' 
 he had paused for a moment and then grimaced . 
 `` i 'm not so sure about that . '' 
 during the past two months , anne had visited the cemetery several times . 
 when she needed to be closer to him . 
 now , on his birthday , a bouquet of plastic flowers gripped tightly in her hand , she stood over his grave and stared down at the earth which had settled around it . 
 the earth had settled so much that a hole had appeared just below the flat bronze grave stone . 
 looking at the blackness of the hole , anne imagined it stretching away into a vast , yawning chasm at the bottom of which , lay dan . 
 if she stuck her hand in there , he would reach up and grab it with his own skeletal claw . 
 could she fall into that blackness ? 
 like alice down the rabbit hole ? 
 she had purchased the headstone and had inscribed upon it the last line of an elizabeth barrett browning poem that dan had sent her . 
 they had exchanged love poems and quotes almost daily by email . 
 had he ever truly loved her ? 
 had it all been a lie ? 
 staring down at the hole , she leaned slightly toward it . 
 `` happy birthday , mother fucker . '' 
 and she threw the flowers down at the grave stone and stomped them with her feet into the earth above his rotting corpse . 
 apparently , she was in an angry phase of her grieving . 
 her anger flared up , unbidden sometimes , but was always quickly replaced by guilt . 
 her hands flew up to cover her mouth and her face closed up as if she were in pain . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she whispered to the ground . 
 and she lay down on the trampled earth and let the scorching tennessee sun burn down on her until her pale face turned red . 
 her checklist was almost complete , the time for her suicide was close at hand . 
 life insurance -- check . 
 will -- check . 
 children 's trust -- check . 
 suicide plan -- check . 
 the only thing left was to finish writing her letters . 
 she liked to think of them as not ` suicide letters ' , but ` goodbye letters ' . 
 she would make them all understand . 
 her death would be so much different than dan 's . 
 she had been corresponding with her new friend , chris for over three weeks now and he had made an intriguing proposition . 
 he lived in seattle , and wanted to fly to indianapolis and meet her in person . 
 he insisted that dan and kim were together in heaven , and had conspired to bring the two of them together as well . 
 anne was n't sure if she believed this , but she wanted to . 
 chris had said some interesting things to her . 
 he told her about the bridge . 
 and he said dan told her to take care of ` a ' . 
 how could chris have known these things ? 
 she had n't told him anything about alexandra , on the off chance he was the kind of man that a woman does n't want knowing she has children . 
 had it just been coincidence ? 
 when anne asked rale if kim was with dan , he said they were . 
 `` but that does n't mean they brought you two together , '' he replied cryptically . 
 `` chris understands me , rale . 
 like you do . 
 maybe he can help me talk to dan . '' 
 rale had caressed her face and whispered softly , `` be careful what you wish for . '' 
 anne had agreed that chris should come visit . 
 he would arrive tomorrow night , and anne arranged for alexandra 's father to take her for the week that he would be here . 
 part of her hoped everything chris said was true , and that they would spend the whole time talking to dan and kim , finding meaning and healing and forgiveness . 
 most of her hoped that chris was a psychopath who would murder her without causing her too much pain first . 
 rolling over onto her stomach , she stared at the hole . 
 wriggling forward , she tried to look down into it , to see where it ended . 
 her face inches above it , the dusky scent of damp earth hung in the air bringing to mind images of worms and bones . 
 she closed her eyes and reached into the rabbit hole . 
 dan was down there , waiting for her . 
 she just had to grab him . 
 dirt brushed the sides of her balled up fist , cool and moist . 
 down her hand went , deeper and deeper until her wrist scraped the outer edges of the hole . 
 the bony hand rose up , bits of flesh falling away -- just as her hand was stopped by a barrier of cold earth and could be pushed in no further . 
 chapter 46 hell is empty and all the devils are here . 
 ~ william shakespeare , the tempest ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ by first , outward appearances , chris did not seem like a psychopath . 
 the first thing he wanted to do upon arriving in indianapolis was stop by a liquor store . 
 it was clear to anne that chris meant it when he said he intended to drink himself to death . 
 he appeared to be well on his way . 
 anne was stocked with ecstasy , ghb , and a hallucinogen that sean called ` melt ' . 
 after the trip to the liquor store , she was also stocked with booze . 
 the week was already turning out to be a success in her mind . 
 as anne put the key into the lock of her front door , chris reached out and put his hand over hers . 
 she looked up at him , and saw all the pain she had been harboring the past months reflected in his eyes . 
 his voice cracked slightly . 
 `` you do know i did n't come out here to get laid , right ? 
 i came out here to find dan and kim with you . 
 or maybe i came out here to die with you . '' 
 as anne nodded her head , a weight shifted and she felt lighter . 
 walking into her apartment , the light around her seemed brighter and her vision was no longer fuzzy , but sharply focused . 
 together with this man , she would find the end . 
 chapter 47 dan turned to kim with irritation . 
 `` you know , if your boyfriend was n't such a damn alcoholic , we might be able to accomplish something here . '' 
 kim had been kneeling beside chris , who now lay passed out on the bedroom floor . 
 she jumped up and threw her arms out toward anne , who was lying on the other side of chris , staring at the carpeting . 
 `` i was getting through to him just fine , until your druggie girlfriend got her hands on him . '' 
 anne was on her stomach , running her hand over the carpet , jerking it back suddenly every once in a while . 
 `` whoa ... i never realized this is what the carpet actually looked like . 
 how the hell do we keep our balance on this stuff ? 
 chris ? '' 
 she looked over at chris when he did n't answer , and then leaned closer to his face and poked his cheek . 
 `` holy shit ... '' dan gave a low moan . 
 `` uugghh ... we 're never going to get through to them like this . '' 
 anne and chris had spent the last four days locked away in anne 's apartment drinking , and tripping , and rolling on ecstasy , usually all at the same time . 
 they had tried mirror gazing , automatic handwriting , tape recording , channeling , and even the ouija board that chris had brought with him . 
 several times they had been convinced that they were in touch with dan or kim , but they were actually just hallucinating . 
 at first , dan thought the drugs might free their spirits enough to make it easier for them to make contact . 
 but in truth , the drugs had set their brains into such an altered state of reality that their spirits were distracted and had turned inward . 
 dan stomped over to the kitchen and banged his fists loudly on the table . 
 `` this is a disaster ! 
 why wo n't they stop taking all that shit ? '' 
 rale sat on the couch , smirking . 
 dan turned to him with venom in his eyes . 
 `` you think this is funny ? '' 
 rale 's face became serious . 
 `` no , actually , i do n't think it 's funny at all . '' 
 `` show me how to talk to her like you do . 
 if you have one shred of compassion in you , then help me ... please . '' 
 rale looked at anne and shrugged . 
 `` i can talk to her because our spirits are alike . 
 you think you know despair , but you do n't . 
 if you knew true suffering , if you felt true despair like she does , then her spirit would recognize yours . '' 
 kim walked over to rale and pointed an accusing finger at him . 
 `` cut the ` poor me ' bullshit , rale , and just help us for christ 's sake . 
 you can tell her the things me and dan want to say , and we all know it ! '' 
 rale inclined his head toward kim . 
 `` perhaps . 
 but to what end ? '' 
 kim dropped her hand . 
 `` what ? '' 
 rale stood up and maneuvered around the coffee table to stand before kim . 
 `` if i told her everything you wanted to say . 
 what would that accomplish ? '' 
 kim turned to dan with a puzzled look on her face . 
 dan rolled his eyes and sighed . 
 `` make your point , rale . '' 
 `` all right , i will . '' 
 the shadows swirled around him as he walked over to dan , looking at him for a moment with eyes aflame . 
 `` all you ever think about is yourself . '' 
 he whipped around and looked at kim . 
 `` you want to talk about someone 's ` poor me ' bullshit ? 
 fine . 
 let 's talk about yours . 
 you want to tell them you love them , tell them you 're sorry , that you 're still with them , waiting for them , protecting them . '' 
 turning back to dan , he leaned in close , letting his voice drop to almost a whisper . 
 `` you want forgiveness . '' 
 he backed away , looking at them both , raising his voice slightly , which took on a matter of fact tone . 
 `` but mostly , you just want them back . 
 you both want a do-over . 
 but there are no do-overs in this game . 
 your turn is over , but they 're still playing , and to them , it 's not a game . '' 
 dan and kim silently watched the two of them on the floor . 
 chris snored loudly and anne was lying on her back moving her hands in front of her face , giggling . 
 kim turned back to rale . 
 `` all right , rale , you made your point . 
 we 're selfish bastards . 
 but that does n't mean we do n't love them . 
 i want to help chris . 
 he 's going to die if i do n't do something . '' 
 rale looked up toward the ceiling . 
 `` tar . 
 i know you 're there . 
 i know you 're listening . 
 why do n't you tell them ? '' 
 silence . 
 then a soft knocking on the front door . 
 dan shook his head and chuckled . 
 `` tar ? '' 
 the front door opened , and tar walked in , looking at rale with obvious contempt . 
 rale gave tar a half-hearted bow and went back to sit on the couch . 
 tar turned to dan and sighed . 
 he held his arms out , one to dan and one to kim and ushered them over to stand close to anne and chris . 
 `` it 's just not as simple as you both think . '' 
 he motioned toward the two on the floor with a nod of his head . 
 `` right now , they 're willing to give up their lives based on the merest glimmer of hope that they 'll be reunited with you . '' 
 tar looked over dan 's shoulder at rale , who was fading into a misty shroud of darkness . 
 he turned back to the two on the floor . 
 anne had laid her head in the crook of chris 's shoulder , and they both slept . 
 `` what do you think they would do if they saw you , talked to you , if all their hopes were confirmed ? '' 
 dan broke away from tar and took a step back . 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 tar took his arm off kim and turned to dan . 
 `` did you ever consider that maybe we do n't know about heaven when we 're alive on earth because if we did , none of us would want to stay there ? '' 
 dan sneered . 
 `` if i had known heaven was like this , i never would have killed myself . '' 
 `` we 're not talking about you right now , dan . 
 we 're talking about anne . 
 if she knew you were right here , right now , she would kill herself to be with you . 
 and she just might bring alexandra with her . 
 is that what you want for her ? '' 
 dan wilted . 
 kim turned away from them , and knelt beside chris on the floor . 
 tar motioned to the apartment . 
 `` besides , this is n't real heaven , and you know it . 
 this is still earth and life . 
 if you had seen real heaven , you would n't stay here . 
 you would let go of all this . '' 
 a helpless , impotent rage bubbled up within dan 's spirit and he shouted at tar . 
 `` then why have n't you let go of it , tar ? 
 why are you still here ? 
 have you actually been to real heaven , or not ? '' 
 at this , rale came sharply back into focus , and stood up , an expectant look on his face as he watched tar . 
 tar huffed , and looked angrily from dan to rale . 
 `` you can keep trying to make this about me if you want , dan , '' he said in a low whisper . 
 `` maybe you should try making it about her for once . '' 
 and with that , he disappeared with a red flash and a puff of black , acrid smoke . 
 chapter 48 he was my north , my south , my east and west , my working week and my sunday rest , my noon , my midnight , my talk , my song ; i thought that love would last for ever : i was wrong . 
 ~ w.h. auden ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ on day five of chris 's six day visit , he and anne attempted to sober up . 
 they were both feeling sick and tired and disappointed . 
 anne seemed especially despondent . 
 `` if dan is there , then he knows i want to kill myself . 
 would n't he try to stop me ? '' 
 chris did not have an answer for her . 
 `` maybe he 's tried , but ca n't get through to you . 
 maybe the drugs numbed our spirits too much . 
 usually i hear kim , but this week she 's been so quiet . '' 
 anne gave chris a look of reproach . 
 `` or maybe it 's all just bullshit . '' 
 chris reached for the bottle of rum on the coffee table . 
 `` yeah ... could be that too . '' 
 anne moved to intercept the bottle mid-air . 
 `` hey , you said we need to get straight . 
 you have to get on a plane tomorrow , remember ? 
 and i have to go back to work . '' 
 she sat down beside chris and swallowed a handful of aspirin with a rather long swig from the bottle of rum . 
 chris reached up , took the bottle back from her , and emptied it in three long gulps . 
 he turned to anne with watery eyes . 
 `` no one understands but you . 
 my buddy back home thinks i came out here to get laid . 
 no matter how many different ways i tried to tell him it was n't true , i know he did n't believe me . 
 i do n't want to get laid . 
 i do n't want to move on . 
 i do n't want to ever love another woman again . 
 i want to die . 
 and i do n't even care anymore if kim 's there or not . 
 i just want this over . '' 
 anne took the bottle and turned it up to her mouth , realized it was empty and reached for the pitcher of ghb laced kool-aid . 
 she took a gulp straight from the pitcher and turned to chris . 
 he smiled and wiped the red kool-aid mustache from her upper lip with his thumb . 
 `` you are cute , though . '' 
 he got a far-away look in his eyes and blinked slowly . 
 `` in another time ... in another place ... '' his eyes closed and he leaned back on the sofa , his head gently bobbing up and down . 
 anne took another gulp from the pitcher , wiped her mouth with the back of her hand , and shook chris hard . 
 `` hey ! 
 chris , wake up ! '' 
 his eyes shot open and he sat up . 
 `` jesus fucking christ , i 'm awake ! 
 what ? '' 
 `` have you ever thought about ... you know ... murdering someone ? '' 
 `` what the hell are you talking about now ? '' 
 `` you know , murder . 
 have you ever wanted to do it . 
 to see what it 's like ? '' 
 chris rubbed his face and stretched his eyes wide open and closed a few times . 
 `` well , i guess so , but of course -- -- '' he turned to anne . 
 `` why are you asking ? '' 
 `` well , you know ... you could kill me ... if you wanted . '' 
 chris blinked at her several times , closed his mouth , and smiled . 
 `` you know , the sad part is , that i know you mean it . '' 
 `` well , will you do it , or not ? '' 
 he got up and picked up a bottle of rum from the kitchen table . 
 it was empty , so he pulled a new one out of the brown paper bag and cracked the top open . 
 `` of course not , do n't be crazy . 
 i could n't kill you . '' 
 `` why not ? 
 you could kill me , and then kill yourself . 
 murder/suicide . 
 happens all the time . '' 
 `` i may be a worthless son of a bitch ... '' he said as he lit a cigarette . 
 he took a long drag , exhaled the smoke through his nose , and looked at her through narrowed eyes . 
 `` ... but i 'm not a murderer . '' 
 `` well ... i could write a note . 
 tell them it was my idea . 
 then it would n't really be mur -- -- `` `` fuck it , anne . '' 
 chris took a long swig from the bottle and sat back down beside her . 
 `` if you really want to die , then let 's just off ourselves together . 
 i 'm game . 
 i 'm not going to kill you , but i 'll kill myself with you . '' 
 chris held the bottle out , and anne took it . 
 `` fuck it , '' she said , raising the bottle toward him in a toast , `` together , then . '' 
 and she drank until her throat caught fire . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ at first , chris and anne disagreed on how they would kill themselves . 
 anne thought they should shoot themselves in the head . 
 but chris knew a man who had done that and lived . 
 he was left disfigured and brain damaged . 
 chris had written a song about it called ` peace does n't come that easily ' . 
 he was not willing to take the chance . 
 chris thought they should hang themselves . 
 but anne doubted that they could pull it off so their necks would break , and she had always had a fear of suffocation . 
 in the end they agreed to use the method from the euthanasia manual , although chris did not like the idea of being found with a bag over his head . 
 true , in the end , they would suffocate , after all . 
 but by the time that happened , they would be fast asleep and not feel a thing . 
 what could be more beautiful ? 
 they agreed to die in indianapolis . 
 `` i plan to be cremated anyway , '' chris said . 
 `` so , they can mail me to seattle , if my parents want me . 
 if not , they can stick me in your coffin . '' 
 anne amended her will to state that if nobody wanted chris 's ashes , he was to be buried with her . 
 `` do you really think your parents would bury me with you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 anne shrugged . 
 `` do you really think your parents would let them ? '' 
 in four weeks , they would be dead . 
 they both smiled a lot more after that . 
 chapter 49 sean looked at anne with his mouth open . 
 `` you 're doing what ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to seattle for a few days . 
 chris 's going to take me to mount saint helens and the pacific ocean . '' 
 sean shook his head as his mouth opened and closed a few more times . 
 `` see-attle ? 
 what the hell are you talking about ? 
 have you lost your mind ? '' 
 anne rolled her eyes and groaned . 
 `` it 's just for a few days . 
 i need to get away and have some fun . 
 it 's no big deal . '' 
 his frozen brain finally clicked and the gears started moving again . 
 `` anne . '' 
 walking over to her , he took her hands . 
 `` i agree that you need to have some fun . 
 but traipsing off thousands of miles away to meet some stranger you met on the internet is not what you need . '' 
 `` he 's not a stranger . '' 
 anne flung sean 's hands away and took a few steps back . 
 she scowled , but lowered her voice . 
 `` chris 's the only person who understands , because he 's going through the same thing i am . 
 dan and kim brought us together for a reason . '' 
 thoughts zipped through sean 's head . 
 a reason ? 
 oh my god , has she lost it ? 
 she was n't standing on the ledge of a twenty story building , but that 's how it usually felt with her . 
 always afraid that at any moment she would jump . 
 it had been four months since dan killed himself . 
 sean had thought anne had turned a corner . 
 she relaxed more . 
 she smiled more . 
 it had never crossed his mind that she smiled because she was involved with another man . 
 well , dan , i guess the unbearable agony of losing you did n't last long , eh ? 
 anger seared his cheeks . 
 `` so , that 's it then ? 
 four months of `` i ca n't live without him '' , and now you 've gone off and found someone else ? 
 forgive me for now doubting your paralyzing grief . '' 
 anne froze , her turn to stand speechless with her mouth open . 
 her eyebrows collided together and she shook her head . 
 `` is that what you think ? 
 you think i 'm having some kind of sexual relationship with chris ? '' 
 `` what else am i supposed to think , anne ? 
 flying off to seattle ... i mean , obviously , you have n't had sex with him yet , but ... '' sean 's voice trailed off and he looked at the floor . 
 his hands rose up to his hips and he smirked as he shook his head . 
 `` jesus christ ... he 's been out here , has n't he ? 
 that 's why you wanted all those damned drugs and kept making all those excuses for not coming over , is n't it ? '' 
 anne held her breath for a moment , and then releasing it in a ragged sigh , she flopped down on the couch . 
 `` it 's not what you think . '' 
 sean looked at her silently for a moment before his hands flew up in the air and he walked away . 
 `` un-fucking-believable . '' 
 he had been so relieved these past few days . 
 to see the sparkle returning to her eyes . 
 to see her eating . 
 she did n't ask for drugs first thing when she walked in his door . 
 he had allowed himself to believe that maybe he had saved her . 
 two weeks ago she had asked for drugs and privacy . 
 he had been worried , but she assured him she just needed some time alone . 
 he had called her every day to check on her . 
 the creep had probably been right there , listening . 
 had they been lying in bed together ? 
 had he been running his hands over her -- -- `` un-fucking-believable ! '' 
 sean shouted again from the kitchen . 
 anne hopped up from the couch and followed him , a scowl still etched across her face . 
 `` i told you , it 's not like that , damn it ! 
 there is nothing going on between me and chris . 
 he lost his fiancée just like i did , for christ 's sake . '' 
 sean tried to remain calm , but the volume of his voice kept rising in a most annoyingly unrestrained way . 
 `` you expect me to believe that a grown man would fly thousands of miles to just hang out with a ` friend ' ? '' 
 he made one of those quotation mark gestures with his fingers when he said the word ` friend ' . 
 it always annoyed him when other people did this . 
 `` gah ! 
 anne , no way ! 
 yeah , and you guys just took drugs all week and talked about the weather ? '' 
 anne 's face turned bright red and she screamed . 
 `` no ! 
 as a matter of fact we did n't talk about the weather ! 
 we spent the whole time talking about -- -- '' her voice stopped abruptly . 
 the red color faded away , and her face relaxed . 
 `` you know what ? 
 fuck you . 
 it 's none of your damn business what i do , anyway . 
 can i have the shit , or not ? '' 
 he looked at her a moment longer and sighed . 
 `` yeah , anne , sure . 
 you can have it . '' 
 as he gathered the drugs for her , a sense of foreboding crept through his mind . 
 a nagging sensation of unease . 
 something about this was n't right , but he could n't quite place it . 
 it had been too easy . 
 her grief had been real . 
 a person ca n't lie when they 're rolling on ecstasy . 
 no , those had been her true emotions , and they had been devastating . 
 what anne had experienced had been more than emotions . 
 there had been a withering of her spirit which had a physical effect on her body and , he suspected , her brain . 
 the rapid weight loss anyone could see . 
 the distant look in her eyes was probably something those who knew her well could see . 
 her irrational logic and disjointed thought patterns were something only he could see , and only when she was rolling . 
 no , a person ca n't hide the truth when they 're on ecstasy . 
 except , she did hide something . 
 he could tell . 
 sometimes , her sentences ended abruptly . 
 just like a moment ago . 
 a romp in the sack could n't erase that kind of pain ... could it ? 
 sean put her drugs in a brown paper bag and by the time he handed it to her , he had calmed down . 
 `` anne , i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm just worried about you . 
 do you understand that ? 
 do you understand how terrified i am at the thought of you going out there ? 
 anything could happen to you . '' 
 anne smiled . 
 `` i know you 're worried . 
 it 's okay . 
 believe me , nothing is going to happen to me . 
 and no matter what you think , i 'm not romantically involved with him . 
 not in any way . 
 we ... we need each other . 
 i think dan and kim brought us together , so we could ... help each other . '' 
 `` you 're both traumatized , anne . 
 you ca n't help each other . 
 i understand why it feels like dan and kim brought you together , but you have to ask yourself , why would they do that ? 
 would dan really think that another severely depressed and heart-broken person would be the best one to help you ? 
 i mean , right now , you 're both drowning . 
 you do n't need to cling to each other . 
 you 'll drown together if you do that . 
 you both need someone on dry land to throw you a lifeline . '' 
 her smile faded . 
 `` who 's going to throw me a lifeline ... ? '' 
 he was losing her . 
 she was slipping away from him . 
 no , he realized , she had n't been his in so long . 
 he reached out and grabbed her by both shoulders and shook her gently . 
 `` me , anne . 
 i 'm trying to throw you a lifeline , but you just keep pushing it away . '' 
 anne had that distant look in her eyes that he had become all too familiar with these past months . 
 she blinked her eyes a few times and seemed to focus on him again . 
 `` sean , i ... i push you away because i do n't want to give you the wrong idea about me . 
 you know , i do n't want it to seem like i 'm ... taking advantage of you or leading you on . 
 does it seem like i am ? '' 
 `` no , of course not . 
 you are n't taking advantage of me , and you definitely are n't leading me on . 
 i know you still love dan , and you 're still grieving . 
 but i still care about you , and i want to help you get through all this . 
 i 'm moving up north in two weeks . 
 i know you told me not to , but i went ahead and got that two bedroom place instead of the studio . 
 if you ever need a place to stay , you and alexandra will have your own bedroom . 
 i can take care of you . 
 you do n't need this guy from seattle . '' 
 anne hugged the brown bag . 
 the paper crinkled and echoed through the air as they watched each other . 
 anne 's eyes flicked away and she sighed . 
 `` i have to go , sean . 
 do n't worry about me , please . 
 just move on with your life and forget about me . '' 
 as she turned and headed for the door , sean took her hand . 
 `` anne . 
 do n't go . 
 i 'm begging you . '' 
 he got down on his knees and her image blurred behind the tears in his eyes . 
 `` i love you . 
 if something happened to you , i would die . 
 do you know that ? '' 
 she reached out and wiped away the tear from his cheek . 
 `` you would n't die . 
 believe me , i know . 
 you 're better off without me . '' 
 and she walked out the door and left him on his knees , with tears falling from his eyes . 
 chapter 50 kim had gone home with chris when he returned to seattle , and dan was left alone with anne . 
 he had n't seen tar since their last confrontation , and feared he might be gone for good this time . 
 he sat beside anne as she wrote her goodbye letters . 
 it would be a lie if he said he had never felt a glimmer of anticipation . 
 a secret longing that she join him . 
 even so , he did not want that now . 
 he wanted her to live . 
 he had believed that he would save her . 
 believed in the story book ending . 
 he realized now , that if story book endings were real , he never would have killed himself . 
 her love would have saved him , and they would have lived happily ever after . 
 endings did not matter now . 
 his turn was over , and there was no longer a place for him on earth . 
 she was writing her own story now . 
 it included his name , but not his presence . 
 as he watched her pen dance across the paper , his vision blurred . 
 the image of anne began to fall away , and a whisper of a familiar voice floated across the air . 
 `` daniel . 
 let go . '' 
 dan turned to find the voice . 
 the apartment faded , and he was blinded by a golden light . 
 he held his hand up in front of his face and squinted his eyes . 
 `` daniel . 
 let her go . '' 
 dan shook his head and swatted at the air in front of him . 
 `` no ! 
 i wo n't let her go . 
 i 'm not ready . '' 
 the light dimmed , and when dan turned back around to find anne , tar stood in front of him . 
 dan jumped . 
 `` jesus christ , tar ! 
 what happened to knocking ? '' 
 tar smiled a tiny little smile but said nothing . 
 dan felt a change , a shift . 
 something important was happening , and he was afraid . 
 `` tar , what just happened ? 
 did you see that light ? 
 did you hear that voice ? 
 was that you ? '' 
 `` it was n't me , dan . '' 
 `` well , who the hell was it , then ? '' 
 tar gave him one of those half-expectant , half-knowing looks . 
 the kind of look that is given to little children who are adorable in their ignorance . 
 `` do n't you know ? '' 
 dan opened his mouth , but then closed it again quickly and shook his head . 
 tar nodded . 
 `` you know who it is . 
 that was the voice of god , dan . 
 it 's calling your name . 
 calling you home . '' 
 dan 's throat tightened , and tears sprang suddenly from his eyes as the truth of tar 's words suddenly became reality . 
 `` god ? '' 
 tar remained silent . 
 tears streamed down dan 's face , and he shook his head violently back and forth . 
 `` no , tar . 
 i 'm not ready . 
 i-i 'm not good enough ... wha-what i did ... i-i do n't deserve it . '' 
 as much as he had been holding onto her , he had also been holding onto his own guilt . 
 his shame had bound him to her , his shackles forged in the fires of his sin . 
 and he could not let go of it . 
 he could not forgive himself . 
 tar sighed . 
 `` do you remember when you shared a memory with me ? '' 
 dan 's body trembled and his thoughts raced . 
 he tried to focus on tar 's words . 
 the vulcan mind meld . 
 `` yes ... i remember . '' 
 tar wrapped his hands around dan 's forehead . 
 `` i want to share a memory with you . 
 i want to show you how i died . '' 
 chapter 51 nestled in a green valley at the foot of the italian alps lived a winegrower . 
 his land and his vines had been passed down through his family for many generations , and would continue to be passed down for many generations to come . 
 the winegrower 's hands were rough and his face weathered , but not careworn . 
 he toiled under the sun , and the wind , and the rain , and his vines were strong , and his wine was good . 
 his wife was a beautiful woman and when she looked out over her husband 's rolling green vineyard , she smiled and knew the simple joy of a hard life , well lived . 
 the winegrower and his wife had two sons . 
 the eldest son was named desiderio , which means yearning or sorrow . 
 one day the vineyard would be passed down to him . 
 he had his father 's passion for the vine . 
 he was strong and driven and he worked hard every day at his father 's side . 
 the youngest son was named amadeo , which means god 's love . 
 he also worked at his father 's side every day , but he had a gentle spirit and liked to chase butterflies and save worms from being trampled in the fresh turned earth . 
 one day , when the vineyard belonged to his brother , he might work alongside him , or he might wander off down a new path , and find his heart on the other side of the mountain . 
 when desiderio was four years old , a baby was placed on his lap . 
 `` she will be your wife one day , desi , '' his mother said , with a smile on her face . 
 `` her name is angelica . '' 
 desiderio cocked his head to one side and looked at angelica . 
 angelica cocked her head to the other side and looked at desiderio . 
 he wrinkled his nose at her and shook his head , putting her on the ground and running away . 
 amadeo was three . 
 when he saw angelica for the first time , she stood with her back to him , pointing away toward desiderio , crying . 
 he ran to her as fast as his little legs would carry him and he put his arms around her and he said to her , `` it 's okay . 
 desi will come back . '' 
 as the boys grew , so did their love for angelica . 
 their father would swat his straw hat at them as they ran through the vines . 
 `` get ! 
 go , children and play in the sunshine . '' 
 for his back was bent from toiling in the vineyard , and he knew that a child 's love grew when their backs were straight . 
 desiderio taught angelica how to tell when the grapes were ripe , and how to pick them without bruising them , and how to tie the vines . 
 amadeo taught her how to catch butterflies without tearing their wings , and how to build mounds of dirt under shade trees for worms to live in . 
 at night they looked up at the stars . 
 amadeo said , `` angelica , someday i will give you one of those stars . '' 
 and desiderio said , `` you will not give her anything , brother . 
 for one day she will be my wife . '' 
 when desiderio was twelve and amadeo was eleven their mother , whom they both loved more than anything else in the world , died while giving birth . 
 their new born sister also died , but not before their mother had a chance to cradle her in her arms . 
 the grapes wilted on the vines that summer , and their father 's face was careworn and the wine bitter . 
 desiderio said , `` now i understand the meaning of my name , for i have never known sorrow until this day . '' 
 `` not so , my brother , '' amadeo said . 
 `` you do not understand , for your name also means yearning . 
 and your yearning is for this earth and these vines . 
 here , is where your heart lies . '' 
 all the harder the brothers had to work so that the vineyard would recover . 
 for five years they toiled in the sun and the rain and the wind . 
 and the vines grew strong again , and the wine was good again . 
 the winegrower 's face was still weathered and had more wrinkles then before , but was no longer careworn . 
 amadeo worked alongside his brother , but while desiderio bent his back and kept his head down toward the earth , which he loved , amadeo still chased butterflies . 
 and he dreamed of one day finding out what was on the other side of the rolling green vineyards and away over the mountain . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ at this time , in a distant country , there was a war raging . 
 and god would forgive the sins of any man who fought for him in this war . 
 desiderio 's sin had been that he loved his mother more than he loved god . 
 and god had punished him by taking his mother away . 
 so , he left the vineyards to fight for god , so that his sin would be forgiven . 
 `` when i return , '' he said to angelica , `` i will be a righteous man , and i will marry you . '' 
 as he left for that distant country , angelica cried and amadeo put his arms around her and said to her , `` it 's okay . 
 desi will come back . '' 
 three years passed , and desiderio did not come back . 
 as often happens , a boy 's words of comfort to a girl became , instead , words of love . 
 amadeo 's sin was that he loved angelica more than he loved his brother . 
 and when desiderio left , amadeo prayed that he would never return . 
 amadeo would travel to the monastery to hear news of who was returning from the war . 
 for over two years , there was no news of desiderio . 
 but in the third year , there had been news . 
 desiderio was retuning . 
 amadeo cursed his brother 's name and told his father and angelica that desiderio had died . 
 the winegrower , believing his eldest son dead , gave his marriage blessings to amadeo and angelica . 
 on their wedding day , amadeo said to angelica , `` my brother , who loved this earth and these vines , traveled away from here and found his destiny on the other side of the mountain . 
 and i , who thought my destiny lay on the other side of the mountain , have found my heat here in this earth and these vines and in your love . '' 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ desiderio fought many battles , and killed many men in the name of god . 
 the men he fought shouted , `` bismi allah ! '' 
 as they died on his sword . 
 and when he asked what this meant , someone told him they were shouting `` in the name of god '' . 
 this troubled desiderio 's heart , as he looked at their blood on his sword and on his hands . 
 the color of their skin was different , as was their language . 
 but the color of their blood , and the words they shouted as they died , were the same . 
 desiderio did not find forgiveness . 
 `` truly i understand my name now , for my spirit is full of sorrow . '' 
 but his name also meant yearning , and he yearned for angelica and amadeo and his father . 
 and he yearned for the earth and the vineyard that was his home . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ a week before desiderio arrived home , the winegrower died peacefully in his sleep . 
 when he got to heaven , his wife and his daughter were waiting for him . 
 but he was surprised to find that his eldest son was not . 
 desiderio , grief stricken that he had missed his father 's burial , and that his brother had married angelica , and that he had spent three years killing men in the name of god , drew his sword and brandished it at amadeo . 
 `` you , who were my brother , stole the woman who was to be my wife ! 
 now , you are no brother to me ! '' 
 amadeo held his hands up and said , `` my brother , forgive me ! '' 
 desiderio said , `` i have searched for forgiveness for three years and found none . 
 neither shall you find forgiveness . '' 
 angelica stepped before desiderio and said , `` amadeo is your brother , and my husband , and i love him . '' 
 when desiderio heard this , his heart broke . 
 and he was filled with a sorrow so dark that it filled his spirit with shadow . 
 he pushed angelica aside and he ran his sword through amadeo 's heart . 
 amadeo gasped for breath as desiderio withdrew his sword . 
 crimson streams of blood ran down his chest and from his mouth and nose . 
 falling to the floor , his choking , struggle for life assaulted desiderio and he looked away . 
 angelica cradled amadeo 's head in her arms and looked at desiderio with venom in her eyes . 
 `` your spirit is black as tar ! 
 and forever more , your name shall be . '' 
 and with amadeo 's last breath , he whispered , `` forgive me , my brother . '' 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ and so , amadeo died , and tar buried him beside his mother and father and sister . 
 he did know true sorrow , but not forgiveness , for still he would not forgive his brother . 
 when amadeo died , he did not meet his mother and father and sister , for he did not go to heaven . 
 he remained by angelica 's side and tried to comfort her . 
 and he stayed by his brother 's side and sought forgiveness . 
 for many days , angelica wept . 
 `` your brother begs forgiveness , tar . 
 his sorrow has bound him to you , and he can not let go unless you release him . '' 
 but tar would not release him . 
 and when amadeo 's spirit came to his brother to ask forgiveness , tar said , `` i am not your brother , i am only tar . 
 and you are nothing more to me than your final gasping death rale . 
 that is all i see of you in my thoughts , and that is all you will ever be to me . '' 
 amadeo tried to comfort angelica . 
 `` weep not , my wife , for i have seen white shores and one day we will be reunited there . 
 it will be but a moment , and all of eternity will lie before us . '' 
 angelica , in her grief , threw her body upon tar 's sword so that she would be reunited with amadeo . 
 when she died , her spirit fled toward amadeo . 
 but their spirits barely touched before she raced past him , to those distant , white shores . 
 for angelica had let go of life , and there was nothing left in that mortal abode that bound her . 
 when tar found angelica 's body , his sorrow deepened and he wept bitter tears and he cried out . 
 `` rale , you haunted her as you haunt me and because of you she is dead ! '' 
 `` forgive me , my brother , '' rale said , `` so that i may flee this place and join my wife on the white shores , which i have seen in my dreams ! 
 for she awaits me there , along with our mother and father and sister . '' 
 tar cursed his brother 's name . 
 `` rale ! 
 you shall never join them on those white shores . 
 and you shall never have peace . 
 for i shall not forgive you . 
 you have killed angelica , as surely as you have killed me ! '' 
 and with that last curse upon his lips , tar flung his body upon his sword and died beside angelica . 
 but tar did not go to heaven . 
 a voice whispered to him and told him to let go of his brother 's betrayal , but tar would not . 
 so he sat on the edge of heaven and dreamed . 
 sometimes , he thought he heard a voice calling his name , and he would awaken and journey to the edge of the world , but the suffering of the world darkened his spirit , and he turned away . 
 and rale did not go to heaven either . 
 a voice whispered to him and told him to let go of his betrayal against his brother , but rale would not . 
 so he sat on the edge of the world and watched the suffering . 
 sometimes , he heard a voice calling his name , his real name . 
 and he would journey to the edge of heaven , but the light burned his darkened spirit and he turned away . 
 chapter 52 tar removed his hands from dan 's head , and they regarded each other quietly for a moment . 
 dan licked his dry lips , and tar ran one hand across his forehead . 
 he turned away and spoke to dan over his shoulder . 
 `` well . 
 now you know how i died . '' 
 `` tar . '' 
 dan winced when he said the name . 
 `` i. . . 
 i do n't know what to say . 
 i. . . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 tar turned back . 
 `` why ? '' 
 not knowing how to express all the sorrow in his heart , dan shook his head . 
 `` i 'm ... sorry i did n't know your real name . 
 i wish you had introduced yourself with it when we first met . 
 why did n't you ? '' 
 `` why did n't you ? '' 
 tar answered . 
 `` did n't you tell me you preferred daniel ? '' 
 dan nodded . 
 `` you know , i thought you were an angel when we first met . 
 i thought you might even be god . 
 is n't that funny ? '' 
 tar chuckled . 
 `` it was funny . 
 you did n't think so at the time , though . '' 
 `` but tar . '' 
 dan took a few steps toward him and tar took a step back . 
 dan stopped and held his hands out . 
 `` if you could only see yourself the way i see you , hear the way your voice sounds . 
 you have this ... this ... i do n't know , radiance . 
 when you smile , or laugh , it has this ... i do n't know how to describe it . 
 it has an effect on me . 
 what is it ? '' 
 tar smiled one of those smiles that means a person is weary , but glad that someone else is not . 
 being weary is different than being tired , or even being exhausted . 
 when a person is weary , they do n't expect any amount of rest to heal them . 
 `` dan , i ca n't tell you what it is that you see when you look at me . 
 but i can show you . '' 
 `` show me how ? 
 with another vulcan mind meld ? '' 
 `` no , you just have to follow me . 
 and before you ask , yes , i will bring you right back here . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 a shiver of anticipation and fear raced up his spine and goose bumps rose on his arms . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 this time , when tar smiled , it was not a weary one . 
 `` i 'm going to start walking . 
 i want you to follow , and stay focused on me . '' 
 dan nodded , and tar walked out the front door . 
 they walked in silence , tar in front , dan behind . 
 the bright sun shone down on lush green grass , and sparkled on the surface of the lake beside anne 's apartment building . 
 an old goose with feathers missing and a torn wing looked up at dan and , squawking and flapping its good wing , shuffled out of his path . 
 dan paused and looked at it . 
 the old goose looked in dan 's eyes and honked . 
 `` tar , can that goose see me ? '' 
 tar stepped toward it , and the goose shifted its gaze to him . 
 he reached out for the goose , and it hissed and ruffled what little remained of its feathers . 
 he nodded . 
 `` he 's almost here . 
 soon , he 'll be in goose heaven . '' 
 he began walking again , and dan jogged to catch up . 
 `` there 's really such a thing as goose heaven ? '' 
 `` of course there is . 
 it 's just that it happens to be the same place as human heaven . '' 
 tar winked at him . 
 `` behind me now . 
 stay focused on following me , or we 'll never get there . '' 
 dan slowed and trained his eyes on the back of tar 's head . 
 as they walked , the scenery around him faded . 
 he soon found himself surrounded by gauzy greyness that clung to him and brushed the surface of his skin . 
 in the distance , something glinted and shimmered . 
 the ground under him became springy and when he stepped down , a squelching noise rose up . 
 looking at his feet , he saw damp earth . 
 a feeling of recognition , or déjà vu crept through his thoughts . 
 he looked around for something familiar , but he had never been here . 
 had he ? 
 the greyness grew lighter , and in the distance , puddles of water covered the damp earth . 
 `` do n't step in them , '' tar said . 
 the farther they walked , the more numerous the puddles became . 
 tar maneuvered around them until they came upon a wide grassy bank beside a still lake . 
 surrounding the lake on either side of the bank , grew a dense forest . 
 the lake stretched away into the distance , disappearing behind the curve of the trees . 
 overhead , a fuzzy yellow sun shone through a foggy haze of grey . 
 shadows hung between the trees in the thick forest , but a glinting and shimmering , like fireflies spinning and tumbling , lit tiny sparks among the dark shadows . 
 a warm breeze carried the flowery scent of ginger , or cinnamon and caressed dan 's face with a soft hand of silk . 
 the surface of the water gleamed like a sheet of polished silver . 
 tar stepped to the edge and looked down . 
 `` come over here , and i will show you what it is that you see in me . '' 
 the feeling of fear overtook the feeling of anticipation in dan 's spirit . 
 he took a step back , afraid of what he would see . 
 had tar tricked him into coming here ? 
 despite what tar had shown him of his life and death , there was something divine about tar 's spirit . 
 tar had been redeemed , his spirit radiated that redemption . 
 was this a test ? 
 meant to purge dan 's spirit ? 
 what if he failed ? 
 what if there was no redemption for him ? 
 would he become like rale ? 
 tar held his hand out to dan . 
 `` come here and look . 
 do not be afraid . '' 
 dan bit his lip and nodded . 
 if he failed , if there was no redemption for him , then he would accept his fate . 
 he would not run away any longer . 
 he took a step forward and looked down . 
 his own reflection looked up at him . 
 but this was not the face he had seen in the mirror countless times in life . 
 it was not the image he had avoided whenever possible , an unattractive , at times grotesque reflection of a man he loathed . 
 yet , it was the same face . 
 why did it look so different now ? 
 he had not been redeemed . 
 not been forgiven . 
 there was no halo over dan 's head , no billowy white robe , or choirs of angels . 
 yet here , in his own reflection , he saw the same radiant glow , the same divine and perfect presence that he had seen in tar . 
 as when a person marvels at the sound of their own voice played back to them , dan marveled at his own mirror image . 
 often , a person will ask , `` is that really what i sound like ? '' 
 and now dan , unable to take his eyes off the image in the water , asked , `` is that really what i look like ? '' 
 the corners of his mouth turned up into a smile . 
 he was beautiful . 
 `` yes , '' tar answered with a smile and a nod . 
 `` that is really what you look like . 
 you 've always looked like that . '' 
 dan blinked , and turned to tar . 
 `` no . 
 not to you . 
 when we first met , you said i looked like someone else entirely . 
 who did you see ? '' 
 tar 's smile faltered . 
 `` ... only a lost memory . '' 
 `` i do n't know what that means , tar . 
 who did you see ? '' 
 tar said nothing . 
 turning back to the water , dan found himself growing angry at the image of perfection he saw reflected back `` no . 
 i do n't deserve this . 
 this is not who i am . 
 what i did ca n't be forgiven . 
 where is hell ? 
 that 's where i want to go . 
 that 's what i deserve . '' 
 he turned away from the water , and would not look back . 
 `` there is no hell , '' tar said shaking his head . 
 `` i told you that already . 
 if you want to suffer for what you 've done , then go back to the world . 
 you 'll find all the suffering you require there . '' 
 dan clenched his fists . 
 `` like rale ? 
 rale did n't deserve hell when he died , but i 'll wager he deserves it now . 
 what does he see when he looks in the water ? 
 `` rale wo n't look in the water . '' 
 dan sighed , and decided to take a chance . 
 `` why wo n't you forgive him ? '' 
 tar gave a little snort of derision . 
 `` why wo n't you forgive yourself ? '' 
 `` gah ! '' 
 dan said with a sharply exhaled breath . 
 `` why wo n't you ? '' 
 they glared at each other for a moment , and then tar laughed . 
 `` yes , you 're right , i 'm a bastard . 
 but i never claimed to be anything more than a man who died . 
 what you see when you look at me is neither radiant , nor divine . 
 it is only a simple spirit , a spirit much like yourself . '' 
 he pointed down to the water at dan 's feet . 
 `` what you are looking in , is the pool of eternity . '' 
 he swept his hand in the direction of the forest . 
 `` past those woods is real heaven . 
 i 've seen it , but i 've never been . 
 do you want me to take you there ? '' 
 `` i do n't deserve it . '' 
 `` everyone deserves it . '' 
 `` not everyone . 
 what about hitler ? 
 people like that do n't deserve heaven . 
 you know what ? 
 this whole system is messed up as far as i can tell . 
 why do some people have to suffer so much ? 
 why do the people who cause all that suffering get to go to heaven ? 
 no ... no , they should be punished . 
 it 's not fair . '' 
 `` what happens to one , happens to all , '' tar said . 
 `` what one spirit does , all spirits do . 
 there is no separation between us , remember ? '' 
 `` that 's bullshit , tar . 
 i never mur -- -- '' his voice stumbled over the word , but he raised his head a little higher and looked pointedly in tar 's eyes . 
 `` i never murdered anyone . 
 or tortured anyone . 
 i never even kicked a dog when i was alive . '' 
 tar sighed and spoke with derision . 
 `` yes , yes , when you were alive ... well , you are n't alive anymore are you ? '' 
 `` what does that have to do with anything ? '' 
 tar threw his hands out and spun around on his heels . 
 he looked down at the water , and then over at the trees . 
 `` it 's like ... '' he turned back to dan . 
 `` would you consider yourself the same person now , that you were when you were a child ? '' 
 `` no , of course not . 
 not even close '' `` why are you different ? 
 because you have grown into a man ? 
 that changed you into a different person , eh ? '' 
 `` yes , it did , actually . 
 i was a completely different person when i was a kid . '' 
 `` all right then . 
 let 's talk about that other person you were when you were a kid . 
 what 's the worst thing that happened to him ? '' 
 dan looked at his feet and thought for a moment . 
 `` well ... childhood was n't really fun for him . 
 he got picked on a lot ... he was self-conscious , awkward . 
 he got the crap beat out of him once by a bully . 
 it ... well , as i said , it was n't a fun time . '' 
 `` okay , '' tar said . 
 `` now , how about that other person you say you grew into . 
 the man . 
 was he bullied ? 
 was he ever beaten up ? '' 
 `` no ... what 's your point ? '' 
 `` my point is this . 
 by your own admission , we have two different people here . '' 
 he held his left hand out , palm up . 
 `` a child who got the hell beat out of him , got picked on , tormented . '' 
 he held his right hand out , palm up . 
 `` and a grown man who did n't . '' 
 he raised his eyebrows . 
 `` why did the little boy have to suffer that kind of abuse , and the grown man did not ? 
 that 's not fair . '' 
 dan made a swatting gesture with his hand . 
 `` that 's ridiculous . 
 you ca n't make that kind of comparison ! 
 the child was me . '' 
 `` no . 
 you said yourself that you are not the same person that you were as a child . 
 you most certainly are not the same person you were as a baby , and i imagine you are n't even the same person you were when you were twenty years old . 
 and yet , all those different people are the same man . 
 not all of them experienced the same things , and yet ... they did . '' 
 dan shook his head , and kept on shaking it , unable to either refute or accept tar 's logic . 
 he was n't exactly sure where tar was heading with this , but he was fairly certain he was not going to like it when he got there . 
 tar motioned toward the lake . 
 `` do you see a lake ? 
 or do you see billions of separate molecules of water ? 
 or do you see billions and billions of individual atoms ? 
 what is the definition of that which you see ? 
 i will wager that you see a lake . 
 and yet , you realize it is comprised of individual atoms . 
 one and many . '' 
 `` no , tar . 
 there 's a huge difference between a lake and people . 
 you ca n't compare them like that . '' 
 tar nodded . 
 `` you 're right , dan . 
 people are not like lakes . 
 but you 're not a person anymore . 
 you 're a spirit . 
 and spirits are much more like lakes , than they are like people . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` at least in heaven they are . '' 
 he knelt beside the water . 
 `` take a closer look . '' 
 dan knelt beside tar and looked in the water , past his reflection . 
 at first he saw only the silvery sheen , but then colors began swirling and pulsing in delicate patterns . 
 small shadows of life flitting just below the coalescing patterns . 
 dan squinted and tried to focus on one moving shape , but the shadows ran together and moved together . 
 perhaps it was a school of fish . 
 `` what is it , tar ? '' 
 when tar did n't answer , dan reached out and gently touched the surface . 
 his fingertips absorbed the warm water , and a bolt of electricity zapped through his body . 
 his life flashed before his eyes again , much like when he was dying . 
 except this time , the images were not just from his life , but from the lives of countless others . 
 muscles stretched taut as they pulled a metal plough share , hooves sinking in thick mud . 
 roots spread through deep earth , and leaves swayed on branches in a gentle breeze high above . 
 chubby brown fingers poked at beetles scurrying in sand . 
 a rolling orb of water tumbled through the air and splashed on a yellow daisy . 
 a mother wept over the body of her small child . 
 rocks and wind and water moved through the earth . 
 a man , hatred smoldering in his heart , took aim at his enemy and fired . 
 an old goose was kicked by a heavy boot , breaking bones and feathers . 
 millions of moments , from millions of lives flashed through dan 's spirit . 
 suddenly , the images vanished , and he saw his arm stretched out before him , firmly in tar 's grasp . 
 he looked over at tar who shrugged . 
 `` i promised you i would take you back . 
 do you still want to go ? '' 
 dan sat back heavily and lay on the ground . 
 `` i was a drop of rain , tar . 
 i was a tree , and i think that goose must have died . 
 what the hell just happened ? '' 
 tar lay beside him and sighed . 
 `` you saw past the lake . 
 you saw the individual molecules of water . '' 
 `` everything that dies comes here ? 
 to this lake ? 
 this is heaven ? '' 
 tar chuckled . 
 `` no . 
 this is n't heaven . 
 this is an emulation , dan . 
 this is the edge of heaven , but eternity does n't look any more like a lake than i look like some famous movie star . '' 
 he sat up and pointed to the water . 
 `` this is a barrier that our spirits have constructed . 
 it 's an illusion . '' 
 he dipped his hand in the water and withdrew it . 
 a silver sheen coated his hand and drops of shining moisture fell and plinked softly on the glassy surface . 
 `` this surrounds us all the time . 
 we are submerged in it . 
 we are one with it . 
 there is no separation . '' 
 dan sat up and looked behind him . 
 hundreds of puddles surrounded the grassy bank . 
 `` and those ? 
 those are other spirits that wo n't let go , are n't they ? 
 is this where you spend all your free time ? 
 sitting around in a puddle ? 
 is this your heaven ? '' 
 tar frowned . 
 `` not my heaven . 
 they sleep , and never wake up . '' 
 dan got up and walked over to one . 
 leaning down , he started to reach toward it . 
 `` no ! '' 
 tar shouted . 
 he got up and walked over to dan , looking down at the puddle . 
 `` no . 
 do n't touch them . 
 let them be . 
 i made that mistake once . 
 trust me , you do n't want to experience the lives they 've led ... the suffering they 've caused . '' 
 tar rubbed his other arm and hand , as if trying to warm it , or relieve a deep ache . 
 `` when the world is gone , the spirit sees . 
 and the pain they saw when they died was far greater than anything you could imagine . '' 
 dan stood and pulled his hand back . 
 `` is this what will become of you ? 
 if you stay here ? 
 drown in your own grief and shame ? 
 you tell me to let go . 
 why wo n't you ? '' 
 tar 's face darkened . 
 `` why should i ? 
 you say you deserve to go to hell for what you did ? 
 your sin is nothing compared to mine . 
 you say you never murdered anyone . 
 well , i did , dan . 
 i murdered a lot of people . 
 and not just men who were trying to kill me in battle . 
 women ... children . 
 we marched into their homeland and killed them all . 
 entire villages ... in god 's name ... i can still hear them screaming . '' 
 tar looked at dan with shimmering eyes . 
 dan shook his head slowly , unable to form words with his mouth . 
 tar looked down and one shining tear fell , and with a soft drop , sent gentle waves rolling through the puddle at his feet . 
 `` my brother ... angelica ... '' dan shook his head . 
 `` no , tar . 
 i saw . 
 you did n't murder angelica . '' 
 tar looked up , his eyes ablaze . 
 `` i might as well have . 
 i am one of those who caused great suffering . 
 i 'm one of those you said should be punished . 
 me . 
 maybe i should become one of these puddles , because i do n't deserve heaven . '' 
 tar 's chin and lower lip trembled . 
 he inhaled sharply and turned away from dan , hanging his head in his hands . 
 it all made sense now . 
 it was n't about rale , after all . 
 tar could not forgive himself . 
 dan reached out to touch his shoulder . 
 `` tar , i 'm s -- -- '' tar brushed dan 's hand away , and began walking away from the lake , back in the direction they had come . 
 `` i promised to take you back . 
 let 's go . '' 
 as dan turned to follow tar , his eye caught something in the trees beside the water . 
 rale stood in the shadows , watching them . 
 part 4 expectations . 
 tricky little bastards , are n't they ? 
 when i first met tar , i thought he was god . 
 is n't that funny ? 
 he seemed so perfect and radiant . 
 i expected him to save me . 
 even harder than letting go of the expectations i set for myself , was letting go of the expectations i set for others . 
 they were quiet expectations , almost invisible . 
 thin strands of perfection that i wove around them in a gossamer tapestry . 
 they fumbled through the delicate lines , not even knowing they were there , destroying them one by one . 
 now i watch them , beautiful in their imperfection , weaving their own tapestries . 
 will they be able to let go of those strands that keep their heads forever bowed to the task ? 
 or will they rise up , and look into each other 's eyes ? 
 ~ dan chapter 53 there are moments , most unexpectedly , when something inside me tries to assure me that i do n't really mind so much , not so very much , after all . 
 love is not the whole of a man 's life ... people get over these things . 
 come , i sha n't do so badly . 
 one is ashamed to listen to this voice but it seems for a little to be making out a good case . 
 then comes a sudden jab of red-hot memory and all this ` commonsense ' vanishes like an ant in the mouth of a furnace . 
 ~ c.s. lewis , a grief observed ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ anne had been afraid to fly since the week she spent cleaning up after flight 4184 . 
 as she boarded the red eye to seattle , she found it ironic that her anxiety had vanished . 
 amazing how liberating a death wish can be , she thought , with a smile on her face . 
 it 's not that she expected , or even that she wished the plane would crash . 
 she was n't ready to die quite yet . 
 it 's just that the possibility that the plane might crash , no longer frightened her . 
 reclining her seat , images of her body tearing to shreds as small bits of metal plane hull ripped through it , assailed her . 
 over and over the images , varying by degrees , played out in her mind . 
 sometimes , her body fell , tumbling through the air as other passengers around her screamed and bits of wreckage tore her skin . 
 until finally , the ground raced forward , a final black image of eternity . 
 sometimes an explosion rocked the plane and a raging fireball rolled in slow motion toward her down the aisle of the cabin . 
 it engulfed the other passengers and sent shards of debris ahead of itself to impale into her body . 
 the screams ended when flesh blackened . 
 in those visions , eternity was orange . 
 sometimes , as was the case with flight 4184 , she stayed in the cabin as it screamed and spun through the air , along with the other passengers . 
 finally it smashed into the ground , breaking into jagged fragments which tore her body to pieces . 
 pieces which would lay on the ground until someone with a respirator came along and picked them up and put them in a plastic bag with a number on it . 
 still smiling , anne sat up and looked around the dimly lit cabin . 
 most of the people around her dozed . 
 a few read from books , yellow spot lights above them illuminating white pages and casting shadows over faces . 
 why did the deathly images keep replaying in her mind ? 
 and why was she smiling as they did ? 
 perhaps she wished for more than release . 
 maybe there was more than just a longing to reunite with dan . 
 searching her memory , she stumbled over thoughts that were disjointed and confusing . 
 there ! 
 a shining memory , which had power and strength . 
 when she asked chris if he would kill her . 
 she took this memory out and examined it , turning it this way and that , looking into the heart of it , into the heart of her desire . 
 yes , she saw it . 
 there had been more to her desire than mere death . 
 there had been a hunger for pain . 
 for suffering . 
 for punishment . 
 punishment for letting him die . 
 anne shivered as she looked out the window . 
 all was blackness except for the glowing wisps of cloud that raced past the double paned glass like ghosts in the night . 
 is that you , dan ? 
 are you out there , somewhere ? 
 it was n't my fault ... i did n't let you die . 
 she turned away from the window and looked at the back of the seat in front of her . 
 closing her eyes , she pushed the images of pain and fire and destruction out of her mind . 
 `` it 's not my fault , you son of a bitch . 
 you killed yourself . '' 
 `` pardon me ? '' 
 the man next to her said . 
 turning to look at him , anne shook her head and smiled weakly . 
 `` oh , i 'm sorry , it was nothing . 
 i was just talking to myself . '' 
 the man smiled and leaned back again in his chair , closing his eyes . 
 anne turned back to the window , dreaming once more of fireballs and black eternity . 
 chapter 54 dan and kim went with anne and chris to mount saint helens and to the pacific ocean and to mount rainier . 
 the sparse devastation around the volcano , the vastness of the grey ocean , and the greenness of the primeval , old growth forests had a mollifying effect on all four of them . 
 they also went with them to the studio where chris rehearsed with his band . 
 watching chris introduce anne to his band mates and friends , his hand resting lightly on the small of her back , had an agitating effect on dan and kim . 
 they rode with them silently on the monorail to the space needle in seattle . 
 their bodies rocked gently side to side as they sat together , opposite chris and anne in the otherwise deserted tram . 
 a slight scowl marred their radiant faces as they watched chris lean close to anne and point out the window . 
 occasionally , the furrows between their eyebrows deepened when anne giggled or chris put his arm around her shoulders . 
 when chris and anne stood at the top of the space needle , and simultaneously reached out and grasped each other 's hands , dan and kim glared . 
 dan gestured toward the pair with both hands . 
 `` what the hell does he think he 's doing ? '' 
 anne leaned her head on chris 's shoulder , and kim grumbled . 
 `` well , he 's not realizing how much this floozy girlfriend of yours is taking advantage of him . '' 
 `` what ? 
 what the hell are you talking about ? 
 she 's no floozy ! '' 
 `` oh right , tell me you have n't seen the way she 's throwing herself at him . 
 pining away with those big blue eyes . 
 blink , blink , blink . 
 she 's so obvious ! '' 
 the irritation which had been building the last few days bubbled up within dan and he set his site on the only viable target within range . 
 `` oh yeah ? 
 well , she would n't even be here if it was n't for your wan na be rock star boyfriend wanting to show off for her in his studio with his band . 
 like everyone from seattle is n't a rock star wan na be . '' 
 `` wha-at ? 
 it was n't even his idea for her to come out here ! 
 she 's the one who did n't want , '' here , kim made those quotation marks with her fingers , `` to die before seeing the pacific ocean ! '' 
 kim swatted her hands in a dismissive gesture and rolled her eyes . 
 they glared at each other with impotent rage . 
 dan realized that he could do nothing but watch them as they either moved on together or died together . 
 kim looked at dan with watery eyes , her chin quivering . 
 `` what is it that we want ? 
 do you know ? 
 do we want them to live or die ? '' 
 dan put his arms around her and she buried her face in his chest . 
 the sun was setting over the waters of puget sound and a pink glow bathed the city below . 
 he looked at anne and chris and sighed . 
 `` we want them to live . '' 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ back at the apartment that night chris sat on the floor in front of a large mirror . 
 dan sat behind him on the sofa thinking about rain drops and lakes and broken geese . 
 kim stood at the other end of the sofa . 
 she picked up a bottle of rum from the coffee table and took a long swig . 
 setting it back on the table , she smiled . 
 `` i always knew rum had a lot of spirit . '' 
 anne was trying automatic handwriting at the other end of the coffee table . 
 she turned the paper in front of her upside down and studied the wavy lines she had written there . 
 leaning in closer to the mirror , chris rubbed it with his hand as though polishing it . 
 he leaned back and blinked several times and then back in again , squinting at the mirror . 
 kim watched chris and she slapped dan on the knee as she sat down beside him . 
 when dan looked up at her , she pointed toward chris . 
 chris 's head was cocked to the side now , his nose almost touching the glass . 
 he turned and looked back toward dan , and then back in the mirror again , his eyebrows deeply furrowed . 
 `` does he see me ? '' 
 dan asked in a wispy voice , his own eyebrows now colliding . 
 he got on the floor and crawled over to chris . 
 for a moment , they looked at each other in the mirror . 
 chris swiveled his entire body around in a fluid motion and came almost nose to nose with dan , and looked in his eyes . 
 chris reached out and placed his hand over dan 's face . 
 dan 's first impulse was to push it away , but he restrained himself as his heart pounded against his chest and an invisible band tightened around his lungs . 
 chris could see him . 
 feel him . 
 a million and one thoughts zipped through dan 's mind . 
 there was so much he needed to tell chris , things he needed chris to tell anne for him . 
 the thoughts spun in fractured , disjointed syllables in his head . 
 i love you . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm okay . 
 you 're okay . 
 we 'll be together again someday . 
 take care of alexandra . 
 tell my parents i love them -- -- chris withdrew his hand . 
 he tilted his head and gave a slight nod . 
 he appeared to carry the weight of the world in his eyes . 
 `` what am i supposed to do ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 the buzzing of jumbled thoughts in dan 's mind ceased . 
 he looked at anne , who kneeled in front of the coffee table scrawling line after incomprehensible line of gibberish over yet another quickly discarded piece of paper . 
 he glanced at kim , an unspoken question hanging between them . 
 kim nodded . 
 he turned back to chris and smiled . 
 `` take care of her . '' 
 chapter 55 the journey of a thousand miles begins with the first step . 
 ~ chinese proverb ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ anne glanced up from the most recent line of scrawl and saw chris watching her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he stood , walked over to her , and held his hand out . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she said again , a little crinkle forming between her eyebrows . 
 chris still held his hand out . 
 `` come up here for a minute . 
 i want to talk to you . '' 
 anne tilted her head to the side and narrowed her eyes , but took his hand and let him pull her to her feet . 
 `` anne ... i need to tell you something ... something important . '' 
 anne swayed slightly from side to side and rubbed her forehead with her other hand . 
 `` chris , what is it ? 
 i 'm really high . 
 ca n't this wait ? '' 
 `` no , i do n't think so . '' 
 he led her over to the couch and sat , pulling her down onto his lap . 
 she started to push off of him , but he grabbed her face and looked in her eyes . 
 `` wait . '' 
 for a moment , they looked at each other . 
 anne blinked her eyes several times , trying to focus on him , and nodded . 
 `` okay . 
 what is it ? '' 
 he pulled her head down and leaned her forehead against his . 
 `` i told you i would die with you , and i meant it . 
 i still mean it . 
 i will kill myself with you if that 's what you want . 
 but i do n't want to die anymore . 
 i want to live . 
 and i want you to live too . '' 
 anne reached up to her face and pulled his hands down , leaning back , away from him . 
 `` what the hell are you talking about ? 
 i ... i do n't understand . '' 
 chris looked down at their hands and bit his lip . 
 when he looked at her again , she saw a fire smoldering in his eyes . 
 she saw a kind of strength that she had never seen before . 
 in his eyes , she saw a man . 
 he smiled . 
 `` they had a choice . 
 both of them . 
 they chose to leave us . 
 right out the door , anne . 
 they opened it , and walked out on us . 
 maybe i should 've known what kim was doing to herself , but i did n't know . 
 maybe dan left you signs , maybe he wanted you to see , and save him . 
 but you did n't see . '' 
 he put her hands together in a posture of prayer , his own hands covering hers . 
 `` if they had given us a choice - ` help me , or i 'm going to die ' - we would have helped them . 
 okay , we were stupid , we were blind . 
 we were looking the other way while they were drowning . 
 but they did n't call out for help , either . 
 right now , there are people in our lives that are looking the other way and we 're drowning . 
 we have a choice to make . 
 call for help , or walk out the door . '' 
 anne bowed her head , as thoughts raced through it . 
 living ? 
 was that an option ? 
 do i have a choice ? 
 did n't i already consider that possibility ? 
 high ... i 'm so fucking high ... where 's rale ? 
 she shook her head , trying to shake the confusion away and looked around the room . 
 `` rale ? '' 
 there he was , standing in the corner , cloaked in shadows . 
 she pointed to him . 
 `` there . 
 do you see him ? 
 he 's standing right there in the corner . '' 
 chris reached up and took her face again . 
 he turned her head back to look in his eyes . 
 `` there 's no one there , anne . 
 it 's just you and me . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she pulled away from him and looked for rale in the corner , but he was gone . 
 chapter 56 my oh my , where did you go , when the summer rain had come ? 
 falling down , wetting ground , and my heart had felt the same . 
 oh , you left and took to the sun . 
 oh , i surmise the pressure was too much . 
 was it money ? 
 were you lonely ? 
 was the pain too much to bear inside your head ? 
 well , peace , does n't come that easily . 
 misery , to some can be the key to losing all one has self - respect , and the fact , that you 've nothing more to lose . 
 oh , your angry eyes were so blind . 
 oh , i let you down and i apologize . 
 it 's a heartache that you ca n't face and holding on hurts more than all the scars . 
 well , peace does n't come that easily . 
 no . 
 peace does n't come that easily . 
 ~ peace -lrb- does n't come that easily -rrb- © mark atteberry ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ kim watched chris as he stood in front of his rack of keyboards . 
 the only sound was the thunking rhythm as his fingers pounded the keys in a furious and dizzy staccato , almost a melody of its own . 
 the music he created as his fingers ran up and down over the keys , emanated faintly from the headphones he wore . 
 she walked into the bedroom . 
 anne slept in the bed , under kim 's red , white , and blue down comforter , which was spread on the mattress where kim and chris had made love countless times . 
 the mattress sat on the oak frame bed that had been hers since childhood . 
 as kim watched her , she wondered how many more times this woman would sleep in her bed . 
 and she was surprised that the wondering no longer irritated her . 
 leaning over , she touched anne 's face . 
 `` you can sleep here for as long as you want . '' 
 she went in the living room , sat beside dan on the sofa , and looked into his now ageless eyes . 
 `` when we first met , i called you an asshole , remember ? '' 
 dan chuckled . 
 `` yeah , if i remember correctly , i had just referred to you as a drunk . 
 not the best way to start a friendship , eh ? '' 
 kim gave a faint smile . 
 `` you called me a drunk , and that 's what i was . 
 in life anyway . 
 i lied to everyone . 
 to chris . 
 to tar . 
 to you . 
 even to myself . 
 it was n't true , down deep , denial either . 
 i never deluded myself . 
 i always knew i was an alcoholic . 
 i guess i was like a cancer patient denying to everyone that i had cancer . 
 i could feel it inside me , but i did n't want anyone else to know it was there . 
 people have a lot more sympathy for cancer than they do alcoholism . '' 
 dan touched her shoulder . 
 `` hey , do n't be so hard on yourself . 
 you had an addiction . 
 that 's a heavy burden . '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm not being hard on myself anymore . 
 i 'm just letting go of the lies . 
 no more bullshit . 
 i had an addiction , true . 
 but i chose to stop fighting it . 
 i suppose ... in a way ... it 's like when a cancer patient finally stops fighting . 
 when they get to the end of it all and accept their fate . 
 when they let go and prepare for death . 
 that 's what i did , dan . 
 i let go of everything else ... chris ... life ... everything else . 
 i accepted my fate and let it consume me . '' 
 she reached out and took dan 's hands . 
 `` it 's too late for me to apologize to chris , but i need to apologize . 
 to someone . '' 
 dan nodded and put his arm around her , pulling her closer to him . 
 a golden light seeped into the apartment and they turned to find the source . 
 a shimmering globe hovered by the door . 
 kim smiled and dan shielded his eyes . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she pointed to the pictures on the mantle . 
 `` it 's my mother . 
 she died two years ago . '' 
 the globe of light morphed and coalesced into the shape of an elderly woman with joyful eyes . 
 kim had wondered so many times why she had n't seen her yet . 
 now , she understood . 
 she had not been ready before . 
 not ready to let go . 
 she reached up and took dan 's face , turning it toward her . 
 `` i 'm leaving dan . 
 i 'm forgiving myself , letting go of all this . 
 that 's what it 's all about , you see ? 
 when you 're ready to forgive yourself , i 'll be waiting for you in real heaven . '' 
 dan grabbed her hands . 
 `` wait . 
 you 're leaving ? '' 
 he looked around the room . 
 `` what about tar ? 
 do n't you want to say goodbye ? '' 
 kim stood . 
 `` tar ? 
 are you here ? ' 
 tar appeared beside her in a flash of rainbow colored light . 
 she rolled her eyes and laughed . 
 `` you always know how to make an entrance . '' 
 there was a tender joy reflected in tar 's eyes . 
 `` you 're leaving . '' 
 kim took his hands . 
 `` i 'm going home , tar . 
 i know that you 're welcome there too . 
 let go of all this and come with me . '' 
 tar raised her hands to his lips and kissed them , and behind her hands he whispered , `` i 'm not ready . '' 
 she glanced over tar 's shoulder at rale , who watched them from behind the half closed bedroom door . 
 she smiled and held one hand out toward him . 
 `` you too , rale . 
 come with me . '' 
 rale hung his head down and disappeared behind the door . 
 kim and tar looked at each other for a moment , and kim said , `` when you 're ready , then . '' 
 she walked over to chris and touched his hand . 
 chris 's fingers froze . 
 with his other hand , he rubbed the spot where kim 's hand lay . 
 kim ran her hand up his arm and onto his cheek . 
 chris trembled visibly and reaching up , ran his hand down his cheek . 
 `` kim ? '' 
 `` i 'm here chris . '' 
 she put her hand over his . 
 `` i 'm holding your hand right now , but i 'm going to let go . 
 you hold onto your life as hard as you can . 
 do n't you dare let go . 
 you may make a mess of it , but you keep holding onto it . 
 fight for it , chris . '' 
 chris blinked a big , watery blink and a shining tear sprang from his eye , rolling down his face and over kim 's hand . 
 he closed his eyes and sighed . 
 `` i will always love you . '' 
 `` i will always love you too , chris . 
 i 'm letting go now . 
 goodbye . '' 
 she let go of his hand and took a step back . 
 chris sat down on the floor and cried , but he did n't weep . 
 kim smiled at dan as she walked toward the golden light . 
 and as she embraced her mother , the light faded taking their spirits with it . 
 chapter 57 guilt is perhaps the most painful companion to death . 
 ~ elisabeth kubler-ross ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ monday september 10 , 2001 chris stood in line with anne at the us air check-in counter in the seattle airport . 
 he held her hand and turning suddenly to her said , `` hey why do n't you just stay for a few more days ? 
 stay until tomorrow at least . 
 i do n't have to go back to work until wednesday . '' 
 anne thought about this for a moment . 
 one more day might be possible . 
 she did n't have to go back to work until wednesday , either . 
 tom would be bringing alexandra over in the morning , however , and she wanted to spend as much time with her as possible , before ... well , before the end . 
 anne realized that she needed to be just as careful with chris , now , as she was with sean . 
 chris wanted to live , and his confession to her had put her on edge . 
 he assured her that he would still kill himself with her if that 's what she wanted . 
 and he made her promise that she would n't do anything without him . 
 `` if you 're hell bent on dying , we might as well go together , '' he had said to her . 
 `` because i would die anyway , if i lost you now . '' 
 if only it were that easy , anne had thought . 
 she knew , of course , that he would not die if he lost her . 
 and she knew that she would not allow him to die with her . 
 she almost agreed to stay one more day , but he might keep trying to convince her to live . 
 best to leave now and be done with it . 
 she would die alone , after all . 
 on the flight back to indy fireballs , and smoke , and shredded bodies tore through her thoughts . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ the next morning , anne groggily watched the morning news while she waited for tom to bring alexandra over on his way to work . 
 when she opened the door for them , alexandra wrapped herself around anne 's legs briefly before darting away to her over-flowing pink toy box . 
 anne smiled up at tom and gave him a hug and kiss on the cheek . 
 `` thanks for bringing her over . '' 
 tom had a puzzled smile on his face . 
 `` well , are n't you chipper today ? 
 i 'm glad to finally see you smiling again . '' 
 anne nodded . 
 `` yeah , i 'm really feeling better now . '' 
 refilling her coffee cup , she realized that she was feeling better . 
 she was almost giddy with anticipation . 
 this is not what she had expected . 
 suicidal people were supposed to be sad and depressed , but now that the decision had been made , and all of her plans were finalized , she no longer was . 
 she sat on the couch sipping coffee , watching alexandra dressing her barbie dolls on the floor in front of the tv , feeling truly hungry for the first time in a long time . 
 alexandra looked up . 
 `` mommy , ca n't we turn this boring news off ? 
 i wan na watch my shows . '' 
 reaching for the remote , anne said , `` sure baby , this is boring old news , huh ? '' 
 just as she was about to click the channel button , a shaky video feed of a building apparently on fire flicked on the screen . 
 the anchor announced breaking news . 
 there had been some kind of explosion at the world trade towers in new york city . 
 anne leaned forward , eyes narrowing . 
 that 's an awful lot of smoke . 
 alexandra whined when she saw the look of interest suddenly on her mother 's face . 
 `` mahh-ma , you said i could watch my shows ! '' 
 `` hold on a sec , babe . 
 look at that building . 
 it 's on fire , or something . '' 
 alexandra looked at the tv , and her eyes grew wider . 
 `` ooh , what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` i ... do n't know . 
 they say a plane might have crashed into it . 
 good lord . '' 
 anne and alexandra watched in silence for a few minutes . 
 alexandra 's eyebrows drew ever closer together as her nose drew closer to the tv screen . 
 `` that 's lots ' a smoke , mama . 
 there people in there ? 
 they gon na be okay in there ? '' 
 anne shook her head slowly , then seeing the look of fear on alexandra 's face , smiled . 
 `` i 'm sure they 're getting out . 
 you know , they have fire escapes and the firemen will rescue them too . 
 they 'll be okay , baby doll . '' 
 as the minutes ticked by , and the smoke rose up and trailed away from the building in a billowing column , anne wondered if that were true . 
 the black gash in the side of the building seemed to smile wickedly . 
 the grey smoke rolled and boiled though no flames could be seen . 
 what kind of firey hell must be raging within , she wondered . 
 `` ooh , another plane ! '' 
 alexandra pointed to the tiny white plane which clearly streaked into view from the upper right corner of the screen . 
 it seemed to be traveling awfully fast . 
 the camera shot cut away to a different , closer angle of the building , and the plane was lost . 
 moments later , it appeared from the right of the screen , looking much bigger now as it flew directly toward the building . 
 anne had just enough time to wonder if this was normal before a jet of orange flame shot straight out of the building . 
 anne gave a tiny shriek and raised both hands to her mouth . 
 `` oh my god ! '' 
 alexandra turned to anne . 
 `` what , mama ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 anne 's hands still covered her mouth . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i think that plane just crashed into the building . '' 
 alexandra looked back at the tv in silence . 
 over and over the footage was shown . 
 a giant orange fireball ballooned out and crawled up the side of the building to the top , where it was engulfed in an ever larger , billowing cloud of smoke . 
 the charcoal cloud rose , as if spewed forth from a volcano , and drifted lazily over the manhattan cityscape . 
 `` mama , you was on a plane like that yes ' erday ? '' 
 alexandra turned and looked at anne . 
 her eyes were wide and bright and scared . 
 anne nodded . 
 alexandra turned back to the tv and pointed . 
 `` i glad you not on that plane . '' 
 looking at the back of alexandra 's head , at the brown , downy hair which curled in wispy ringlets at the ends just brushing her shoulders , anne saw the head of her newborn baby . 
 for a moment , she was transported back in time , the vision so clear that all else faded away . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ anne sat in the rocker in her hospital room . 
 she looked down at her new daughter 's head , at the pink , vulnerable flesh of her scalp peeking through the silky strands of hair . 
 anne lifted her up and pressed her lips to alexandra 's forehead . 
 the tangy , marine scent of newborn life intoxicated her . 
 the smell of heaven . 
 the smell of god . 
 anne breathed it in and let it fill every fiber of her soul . 
 in her arms , she held the reason for her existence . 
 this was her life , and she would never let it go . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ anne blinked her eyes . 
 alexandra still pointed to the tv with one hand , the other held straight out beside her , curled in a tight little fist . 
 anne hopped up from the couch and running over to alexandra , picked her up and hugged her fiercely , tears falling from her eyes . 
 `` baby doll , i 'm glad i was n't on that plane , too . '' 
 chapter 58 the advantage of a bad memory is that one enjoys several times the same good things for the first time . 
 ~ friedrich nietzsche ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ after a fitful day watching coverage of the terrorist attacks , anne collapsed on her bed for a fitful night of sleep . 
 alexandra lay curled beside her , anne 's arm draped around her waist . 
 dan 's heart had ached as he watched the destruction , the pointless loss of life which would not lead anyone to victory . 
 he thought about puddles , and he wondered what would happen to the murderers on those planes . 
 sit around as globs of meaningless goo , on the edges of eternity ? 
 but he also felt a pulse quickening surge of triumph when he heard anne tell alexandra she was glad to be alive . 
 anne 's spirit had been on fire , inflamed with the desire for life , even if only for a moment . 
 and those flames had touched dan 's spirit . 
 rale had been wrong . 
 dan 's spirit did not need to darken with despair for him to feel her . 
 her spirit needed to long for life , real , hard life . 
 when she did that , their spirits were alike . 
 of course , dan realized it would n't be that simple . 
 but that moment had been a step for her . 
 a step out of darkness . 
 it would be alexandra , after all . 
 she would be the one to save her . 
 rale was not beside anne on the bed , as he usually was . 
 he sat on the floor , hidden in the dark except for the faint outline of his body . 
 dan stood in the doorway watching the heat from her spirit cool as she fell into slumber . 
 he glanced at rale . 
 `` does the heat burn you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` then why do you sit there ? 
 away from her ? 
 you said you would never leave her . '' 
 rale stood and disappeared in the darkness , only his piercing blue eyes could be seen . 
 `` i said i would not leave her unless she asked me to go . '' 
 `` has she ? '' 
 `` no ... not yet . '' 
 rale took a step forward , his black cloak of shadows swirling around him . 
 `` are you going to leave her ? '' 
 dan looked in his eyes for a moment , no longer afraid of him . 
 he nodded . 
 `` yes , rale . 
 come with me . 
 there is nothing for you here . '' 
 dan held his hand out toward him . 
 rale took another step , but then dropped his gaze . 
 dan lowered his hand . 
 `` you do n't need tar 's forgiveness . 
 all you need to do is forgive yourself . '' 
 `` no . 
 that 's not all i need . '' 
 when he raised his head , dan saw the same look of compassion he had seen in rale 's eyes before . 
 wild and desperate , the look penetrated dan and sent a cool spark rushing through his spirit . 
 `` rale , '' dan said . 
 `` what would you have done to me back at sean 's apartment ? 
 when you were going to touch me ? 
 would you have hurt me ? '' 
 rale 's lips trembled slightly and turned up in a tiny smile . 
 `` no . 
 i would never hurt you . '' 
 `` then what ? 
 what would have happened ? '' 
 `` you would have remembered . '' 
 `` remembered what ? '' 
 rale shook his head and receded back into the darkness . 
 `` it does n't matter now . 
 you 're leaving and where you 're going there are no more questions . 
 everything will be revealed . '' 
 dan took a step toward rale , heart pounding , ears ringing . 
 `` it matters to me now . 
 what would you have shown me ? '' 
 rale cocked his head to one side . 
 `` i would have shown you what tar saw when he first met you . '' 
 `` how do you know what he saw ? '' 
 `` because i saw the same thing . '' 
 dan did n't say anything , but neither would he drop his gaze . 
 slowly , he saw the hardness in rale 's face soften , his eyes relaxed , he sighed . 
 `` tar and i were n't drawn to you by sheer luck . 
 did you think we were ? '' 
 dan furrowed his eyebrows . 
 `` tar said he heard me calling out for help . '' 
 rale nodded . 
 `` true . 
 he 's heard a lot of those cries over the years . 
 they wake him up . 
 but , it was more than just that with you . '' 
 dan held his hand out toward rale and took another step closer , backing rale into the corner . 
 `` show me what you saw . '' 
 rale looked at anne for a moment , and then back at dan as if deciding something . 
 `` all right . '' 
 he reached forward and wrapped his hands around dan 's forehead . 
 a black veil dropped over dan 's vision and he was momentarily dizzy , not sure which way was up or down . 
 warmth flowed over his head and trickled down his body like a hot shower . 
 he inhaled the moist heat and opened his eyes . 
 dan 's hand was still outstretched , but it looked different now . 
 it was small like a child 's hand and dark brown . 
 he pointed to a boy who was running away . 
 dan cried . 
 another boy ran up beside him and put his arms around him . 
 `` it 's okay , '' the boy said . 
 `` desi will come back . '' 
 as the shower of heat moved down dan 's body , it washed him away , nestling him into a recessed corner of a forgotten dream . 
 as though rising from a pool , angelica broke the surface with a shimmering ripple and rose up . 
 the memory clear , the black veil lifted . 
 she looked at her hands . 
 the hands of a woman . 
 the veil before her eyes was white now , as was the gown she wore . 
 her wedding gown . 
 her groom stood before her and she smiled . 
 `` amadeo . '' 
 rale shook his head . 
 his eyes grew misty . 
 `` no . '' 
 angelica lifted the veil over her head . 
 then she took rale 's hands in her own . 
 `` yes . 
 i remember . 
 you are my amadeo . 
 it is time for you to come home . '' 
 rale blinked and tears fell from his eyes and ran down his face . 
 `` it 's my fault you died . '' 
 `` i forgive you . '' 
 `` my brother ... '' `` you do n't need his forgiveness , '' she said , gently shaking her head . 
 `` forgive yourself and let go of him . '' 
 she lifted herself up on tip toes and wrapped her arms around his neck . 
 she pulled him toward her and kissed him , the taste of his salty tears mixing with her spirit . 
 she gently brushed the tears away and smiled . 
 `` weep not , my husband , for i have been to the white shores . 
 there we will be reunited . 
 it will be but a moment , and all of eternity will lie before us . 
 i came back to find you , and here you are . 
 now i will save you . '' 
 rale gave a trembling sigh and whispered , `` thank you . '' 
 angelica felt rale moving away from her , felt a tightness around her forehead . 
 she closed her eyes and breathed deeply . 
 a cool breeze moved over her skin , and as if waking from a deep sleep , she felt a distant sensation of awareness creeping through her mind . 
 dizziness tugged on her body as she faded away into a haze of forgotten memory . 
 dan opened his eyes and blinked . 
 rale took his hands off dan 's head and looked away . 
 for several moments dan was disoriented . 
 he was himself again , yet all of his past life as angelica lay before him now . 
 her childhood , love , grief , betrayal , death . 
 he looked into the eyes of the man she had loved . 
 dan took a step back , his legs weak . 
 holding his hands up in front of him , he examined them . 
 they looked like his own hands again . 
 he closed his eyes and breathed in deeply . 
 the memories , which at first seemed so real , were now fading into a dream-like , gauzy shadow . 
 yet the understanding remained . 
 `` rale , '' he said , his voice trembling . 
 `` why did n't you tell me before ? '' 
 rale sighed . 
 `` tar did n't want you to remember . 
 he 's afraid . 
 i ... i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` i ... do n't know what to say . '' 
 dan looked down at his hands , his real hands now . 
 these were the hands that had so many times rubbed his eyes and his face in a feeble attempt to rub away the tension , fear , unrelenting anxiety . 
 at times , he had wanted to rub away his face , his very existence . 
 what existence was there left of him now ? 
 a tiny voice broke the silence . 
 `` hi dan . '' 
 alexandra sat up in the bed , looking at him . 
 dan smiled . 
 `` hi alexandra . '' 
 she crawled to the end of the bed and looked over toward rale . 
 `` i know you . '' 
 rale inhaled sharply and then went over to her and kneeled beside her , tears welling in his eyes and spilling over . 
 `` you do ? '' 
 alexandra cocked her head to one side , a puzzled look on her face . 
 `` why you cry ? 
 you hurt ? '' 
 rale clenched the down comforter in his hands . 
 `` i-i - '' alexandra put her hands over his . 
 `` you 're a good boy , amadeo . 
 you go home now . '' 
 rale let out a shaky sigh and bowed his head . 
 alexandra patted him on the head as he faded away into coiling darkness . 
 she giggled as she watched the shadow slip away . 
 then she looked up at dan , eyes sparkling with joy . 
 `` you going home , too , dan ? 
 you saying bye now ? '' 
 dan sat beside her on the end of the bed and nodded . 
 `` i did n't want to leave you and your mother before . 
 but i think i 'm ready now . 
 i 'm sorry that i died , alexandra . 
 i love you . '' 
 `` i love you too , dan . '' 
 alexandra turned to look at anne for a moment and then back at dan . 
 `` mama be okay now . 
 last time , we bof died , and she never got to grow up , poor baby . 
 but i 'll take care of her real good this time . '' 
 dan hugged her , burying his face in her soft , downy hair . 
 breathing in the smell of her . 
 `` i know you will , sweetie . '' 
 anne 's sleepy voice called out . 
 `` hey baby , what ' cha doing down there ? 
 come back up here before you fall off the bed . '' 
 alexandra leaned up and kissed dan 's cheek and whispered , `` bye bye dan . '' 
 chapter 59 anne leaned down , picked up her sleepy daughter , and laid her down beside her in the bed . 
 `` who were you talking to , sweetie ? '' 
 alexandra 's eyes sparkled . 
 `` dan ! 
 you was right , mama , he 's dead . 
 now he 's leaving . 
 i said it was okay . 
 that 's okay , right mama ? '' 
 a sharp pain zinged through anne 's chest and her eyes darted around the dark room . 
 he 's leaving ? 
 no ! 
 wait . 
 dan , are you here ? 
 do n't leave me . 
 `` mama ? '' 
 anne squeezed alexandra and smiled . 
 `` yes , baby . 
 of course that 's all right . 
 dan 's in heaven and that 's a good place . 
 he 'll be just fine there . '' 
 as alexandra drifted back to sleep , anne 's thoughts raced . 
 she suddenly felt like she was suffocating . 
 was dan really leaving ? 
 had he really been with her the whole time ? 
 or did alexandra just have an overly active imagination ? 
 and she wondered if it even mattered if he were there or not . 
 real , or illusion ? 
 life , or death ? 
 dan , or alexandra ? 
 the memory of her fleeting passion for life faded from her . 
 it would n't be that easy , she realized , but maybe she had taken her first step . 
 perhaps she could try living without dan after all . 
 her eyes fluttered and drooped as the velvety darkness of night drew her down into its depth . 
 `` anne . '' 
 rale 's soft voice startled her . 
 more illusion ? 
 `` anne , '' he whispered again . 
 `` i 'm here . '' 
 anne breathed a sigh of relief , and turning her head slightly , she saw him sitting beside her on the bed . 
 she sat up . 
 `` there you are . 
 i thought maybe i had imagined you . '' 
 he smiled softly and said , `` maybe you have imagined me the whole time . '' 
 anne 's eyes narrowed and her heart fluttered . 
 a sinking feeling tugged at her abdominal cavity . 
 `` you 're leaving me too , are n't you ? 
 now that i 'm getting better , my sanity is returning , is n't it ? '' 
 he reached out and touched her face with the back of his hand . 
 the coolness of his touch slid down her cheek and neck . 
 he followed it with his gaze and then looked up into her eyes . 
 `` i promised i would n't leave you . '' 
 as anne looked from him to the sleeping form of her daughter , she realized that she could no longer hold onto both of them . 
 whatever rale was , it was no more than the memory of a dead man . 
 and no matter how hard she had tried , there was nothing of that memory to hold onto . 
 she had groped in the dark for so long that the darkness had almost consumed her . 
 `` you promised not to leave me unless i asked you to go . '' 
 rale 's searching gaze froze . 
 `` anne -- -- '' she shook her head and put a finger to his lips . 
 `` rale , it 's time for you to go . 
 in a strange kind of way i love you . 
 but i do n't need you anymore . 
 i belong here , but you do n't . 
 i understand that now . '' 
 rale bowed his head and grasped her hands in his own . 
 `` you 're such a young spirit , anne . 
 you have so much living left to do . '' 
 `` are you taking dan with you ? '' 
 rale shook his head . 
 `` he 's taking me with him . 
 he saved me , anne . 
 i wanted you to know that . '' 
 anne smiled . 
 `` are you going to be happy now , rale ? 
 are you going to heaven ? '' 
 rale nodded . 
 `` i think so . '' 
 chapter 60 o lord ! 
 ooh , you are so big ! 
 so absolutely huge . 
 gosh , we 're all really impressed down here , i can tell you . 
 ~ monty pyhon , the meaning of life ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ dan led rale back to the edge of the lake , for he remembered the way now as if he had traveled it many times before . 
 when they stopped beside the water dan said , `` what now , rale ? 
 jump in ? '' 
 rale shook his head and pointed to the woods off to the right . 
 `` no . 
 we need to go in there . '' 
 `` okay , what are we waiting for ? '' 
 he said as he began walking toward the trees . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 after a few steps he stopped and turned to rale , who had n't moved . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 rale hesitated before answering . 
 `` nothing . 
 let 's go . '' 
 as they approached the forest , dan saw that what had appeared as tumbling fireflies before was actually a golden light twinkling from behind the trees . 
 the light seemed to dance as the branches and leaves fluttered before it in a warm , gingery breeze . 
 the smell of fresh baked sweet potatoes caressed his senses and wrapped his spirit in a blanket of warmth . 
 this is what heaven smells like ? 
 how perfect . 
 at the edge of the forest , the narrow shore of land cradled an edge of frothy , white waves which stretched out into a wide sea of blue . 
 dan ran his eyes along the rocky shore and out toward the calm , azure waters . 
 in the distance , the golden light of a swollen , heavy sun set over gleaming white shores . 
 dan inhaled sharply and turned away , fearful of the light . 
 he shielded his eyes with one hand and looked at rale . 
 `` is that real heaven ? '' 
 rale looked at his feet and nodded . 
 the darkness which seemed always to cling to him was illuminated . 
 glimmering shadows curled and wrapped closer around him . 
 dan squinted at the coalescing fog which rose up from rale like steam off hot pavement . 
 even as it rose up , it seemed to try in vain to reach back down , toward him . 
 but the radiant , golden light was stronger , and bit by shadowy bit , the darkness seared away . 
 rale stood , with his head bowed , body hunched over slightly , his arms wrapped protectively around him . 
 dan touched his shoulder . 
 `` rale , what are you afraid of here ? '' 
 rale lifted his eyes . 
 `` i 'm afraid that i 'm not good enough . 
 of all the things i did , the worst of me was here , at the end . 
 with you . 
 i wanted anne to die , dan . 
 i thought if she died , you would let her go and remember angelica . 
 i wanted you to remember . . 
 and i hated you because of that . 
 but most of all , i hated myself '' his chin trembled and he took a deep breath . 
 `` and now , we 're going to go in there together , and angelica will see all of me . '' 
 dan sighed . 
 `` it 's okay , i understand . 
 and the truth is , i wanted her to die too . 
 i wanted to be with her so badly ... but i forgive myself . 
 and i forgive you . 
 soon , there will be no more separation and no more questions . 
 i understand that now . 
 but right here , right now , i 'm not angelica , i 'm dan . 
 just plain dan . 
 and we are n't going in there together . 
 you 're going alone . 
 i 'm not quite finished here yet . '' 
 rale blinked his watery eyes , and nodded . 
 his body relaxed , his arms fell down to his side , and he stood up straight . 
 closing his eyes , he began walking toward the water . 
 with only the slightest hesitation , he waded out up to his knees . 
 the silvery sheen of the water seemed to caress him and coalesce around him . 
 he turned back to dan , all the shadows fell away , and the radiant spirit shone forth at last . 
 he smiled . 
 `` i hope you bring desi back with you . 
 tell him i forgive him . '' 
 and with no more hesitation , he slipped down under the water and was gone . 
 dan watched the water silently for a moment , and then he began to feel as though someone was watching him as well . 
 turning around , he was not surprised to see tar in the distance . 
 as he walked over to him , he thought back to that time which now seemed so long ago , when he first met tar . 
 he had thought tar an angel , maybe even god . 
 thought him wise and powerful and perfect . 
 and he realized now that it was because tar was not any of those things , that he loved him all the more . 
 as dan approached , tar chuckled , `` i see you finally got that little blighter to go . '' 
 dan nodded . 
 `` yes , and i think it 's time for you to go as well . 
 do n't you ? '' 
 tar shrugged and sighed . 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 silence , the muffled kind which drapes a blanket around all a person 's senses , descended upon them . 
 it was a heavy silence , weighted down with the burden of loneliness and grief . 
 tar would never leave this place . 
 `` tar , rale wanted me to tell you that he forgives you , and ... he showed me ... well , he showed me who i was before . 
 i remember angelica now . 
 he touched me , and i remembered . 
 she forgave rale . 
 if you want , i could ... '' he reached out toward tar , but tar stepped away . 
 `` no , '' tar said , shaking his head , terror in his eyes . 
 `` leave me alone . '' 
 and with no theatrics at all , he vanished into thin air . 
 chapter 61 do n't let go too soon and do n't hang on too long . 
 ~ mitch albom , tuesdays with morrie ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ a few days had passed since september 11th . 
 the stories of victim 's heroic struggles for life against impossible odds fueled anne 's feelings of shame over her wanton disregard for her own life . 
 it 's not that she was cured of her grief , or even her desire for death , but she was ashamed of it . 
 ashamed that she would so willingly give in to that grief , abandon her daughter just like dan had abandoned her . 
 watching the video of helpless victims forced at flames edge to jump from hundreds of feet up , for a last few , fleeting moments of glorious life made her realize just how precious and fragile life really was . 
 those people did not want to die . 
 they were pushed from those ledges of scorching metal and now instead of wishing she could join them , what anne desperately wished , was that she could have caught them . 
 she imagined the cruel hand of fate , grasping her daughter in its clutches , from the other side of a wall of flame . 
 as anne tried to reach through the fire , fate reached out and shoved her . 
 instead of release , she felt anger . 
 and instead of an overwhelming desire for sleep , she felt an increasing need to talk to chris . 
 his words echoed in her mind over and over . 
 `` i do n't want to die anymore . 
 i want to live . 
 and i want you to live too . '' 
 it was time for her to make that choice . 
 to ask for help or walk out the door . 
 maybe she could try to forgive dan . 
 more than that , maybe she could try to forgive herself . 
 `` dan , '' she said to her empty apartment , `` i do n't know if you can hear me or not ... i would have done anything for you . 
 i 'm sorry you did n't know that . 
 there were a lot of things that i missed , a lot of things that i did wrong . 
 i ... i 'm sorry you died ... but , it was n't my fault . 
 i know i probably wo n't believe that tomorrow , but right now , right this second , i know it 's true . 
 you left me , dan ... you walked out the door . 
 there were a lot of things that you missed too ... i gave you signs ... and you missed them ... but i forgive you . 
 i still love you , and i know i 'll always miss you . 
 but i 'm going to try and let you go now . '' 
 it had been almost four months since dan died . 
 maybe long enough to try and start a life over again . 
 when she called chris that night , she had a smile on her face , and for the first time since dan 's death , hope in her heart . 
 part 5 letting go . 
 tar told me i had to do it the first time i ever met him . 
 only , it really was n't the first time , was it ? 
 when i think of angelica now , i remember her , but it 's like remembering a dream . 
 at first , it was clear , and it was real . 
 now , it feels like a million miles away . 
 i suppose i let go of angelica , and i wonder why tar wo n't as well . 
 i understand now why it 's called letting go . 
 because it 's like opening your hands when they are gripping so tightly , that your nails are digging into your flesh . 
 when the thing you hold onto is being crushed , and blood is dripping down your arms . 
 sometimes , when you have gripped your hands so tightly , for so long , they become frozen . 
 when we were kids we would squeeze our hands in tight fists until they became paralyzed , and then laugh as we tried in vain to open them again . 
 sometimes , you do n't want to let go of something because you 're afraid that if you do , you 'll fall and get hurt . 
 but sometimes , holding on is what makes you fall down . 
 sometimes , you do n't want to let go of something even though it 's hurting your hand . 
 because if you let go of it , it might be able to get at your throat , or your heart . 
 those can be the hardest things to let go of . 
 sometimes , you do n't want to let go of something because then it will fall away from you , and you might lose it forever . 
 and sometimes you do lose it forever . 
 on earth , we try to make it more complicated than it really is . 
 and i think the reason we do that , is because we simply do n't want to open our hands . 
 but when we open our hands , and our nails come out of our flesh , and this thing falls away from us , we can reach out , and take the hand of someone else . 
 maybe we can help them pry their nails out of their own flesh . 
 we can raise our hands up , fingers splayed wide , and we are free . 
 ~ dan chapter 62 dear dan , one time i asked you if you preferred dan or daniel , do you remember ? 
 you told me you preferred daniel . 
 but you always called yourself dan . 
 i wonder why ? 
 i keep thinking if i can find the answer to the question about your name , i will find the answer to the question about your death . 
 i told you i would start calling you daniel if you wanted , and you said you did . 
 but you died just a few days after that conversation . 
 and i did n't have enough time to get used to saying it . 
 now , it 's too late . 
 you will always be dan to me . 
 i wish you were daniel to me . 
 i wish you would have been daniel from the moment we first met . 
 i wish i would have been able to know the man you wanted to be . 
 but i will always love the man that you were . 
 the mystery of your death will always be contained in that single word - dan - forever inscribed upon my heart . 
 ~ anne chapter 63 consider how a being , in the world of the womb , was deaf of ear and blind of eye , and mute of tongue ; how he was bereft of any perceptions at all . 
 but once out of that world of darkness , he passed into this world of light , then his eye saw , his ear heard , his tongue spoke . 
 in the same way , once he hath hastened away from this mortal place into the kingdom of god , then he will be born in the spirit ; then the eye of his perception will open , the ear of his soul will hearken , and all the truths of which he was ignorant before will be made plain and clear . 
 ~ abdu ' l-baha -lrb- teachings of the baha’i faith -rrb- ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ that night when anne fell asleep , alexandra nestled in the crook of her arm , she dreamed . 
 she waited in the lobby of a grand hotel , just in front of the giant gold revolving door . 
 the door was so heavy and so grand , that a person had to lean on it and push with their feet in order to get it moving . 
 anne waited . 
 the ceiling stretched high above her , the highly polished marble floor gleamed beneath her . 
 she watched the door and waited . 
 rich , red velvet furniture adorned the lobby . 
 chandeliers which sparkled in the amber glow of tiffany lamps hung from the intricately designed ceiling . 
 she could see all of these things from the corner of her eye , but she watched only the door . 
 waiting . 
 for what or who , she did not know . 
 there were many people who came through the door . 
 they struggled to push it , leaning heavily on it , as the door slowly built up momentum and speed . 
 at first , they would struggle , hunched over , straining against the weight of the door . 
 but by the time it deposited them in the lobby , they were standing straight and tall . 
 sometimes they did n't even have to touch the door any more , for the initial force was more than enough to keep it moving on its own . 
 sometimes , they would be going so fast by the time the door reached the lobby that they hopped quickly inside , as the other door panels swung around behind them . 
 there were other people who seemed hesitant . 
 they looked at the door from the outside . 
 some tried to look into the lobby . 
 most eventually undertook the task of pushing the heavy door , but a few must have decided they did n't want to come into the hotel after all and walked away . 
 some people walked right on past the door without even seeming to notice it at all . 
 but she was not waiting for any of these people . 
 upon entering the lobby , most of the people walked past her , and where they went after that , anne did n't know . 
 to the front desk to check in , she supposed . 
 but for some reason , she could n't turn around herself to look for them . 
 it did n't matter anyway , so she watched the door and waited . 
 a few of the people did n't seem to know where to go once they got inside . 
 they wandered around . 
 looked up at the chandeliers . 
 sat on the velvet couches . 
 some appeared to be napping , their heads bowed , eyes closed . 
 some seemed to just be wandering . 
 reaching out to touch a crystal which dangled from a tiffany lamp . 
 pressing their noses up against the floor to ceiling glass windows in the front wall , which looked out onto the grey , fuzzy street beyond . 
 anne thought she should tell them the front desk was behind her , but she had the idea that they would n't be able to hear her . 
 golden globes of shimmering luminescence floated around the lobby . 
 they zipped out through the revolving doors like light passing through a window . 
 when they got outside they streaked away , disappearing into the dark night beyond . 
 and then she saw tar outside the floor to ceiling window . 
 the light outside was dark , and he was just a shadowy figure . 
 mournful and alone , he looked in at her and his face was sad and faraway . 
 and yet , there was a longing in his eyes as well . 
 as though , perhaps , he hoped she would recognize him . 
 anne smiled . 
 is this who i 'm waiting for ? 
 she waved for him to come in . 
 tar smiled back and raised his hand up to the glass , resting his fingertips on it . 
 no , anne thought , i 'm not waiting for tar . 
 her smile faded , and she lowered her hand . 
 the door stopped moving . 
 a soft , quiet descended on the hotel lobby . 
 anne wondered who or what it was she was waiting for , and she thought maybe it was n't coming after all . 
 how long should i wait ? 
 the people in the lobby with her faded away . 
 as she watched the door , a man approached . 
 he stopped briefly beside tar and seemed to whisper in his ear . 
 tar looked at the man , lightly touched his face , and then shook his head . 
 the man looked over at anne . 
 then with no more hesitation , he pushed on the door . 
 he pushed with such force , that it quickly gained momentum . 
 suddenly he was standing before her . 
 dan . 
 he did n't say anything , but he smiled . 
 and then , anne remembered that he was dead . 
 and she understood that he was here to say goodbye . 
 anne knew that she was asleep , but she also knew that this was n't a dream . 
 for one brief moment she understood that all she knew of reality had been the dream . 
 this was real . 
 dan had never been so alive . 
 `` i 've been waiting for you , '' she said to him . 
 dan caressed her face , his spirit entwined with her own . 
 the warmth of his touch radiated into her body and she smiled . 
 `` i know , '' he said . 
 `` i got lost , but now i know the way home . '' 
 anne touched his hand . 
 `` i thought i would wait here for you , and then we could go together . '' 
 dan reached down and took both of her hands . 
 anne thought she could relax her body , and melt into him . 
 `` no , '' he said , `` you ca n't come with me . 
 time to let go . '' 
 she knew immediately , that he was right . 
 he was going where all the other people had gone . 
 behind her . 
 where she could n't look and could n't go . 
 dan would be okay there . 
 she nodded . 
 `` yes . 
 time to let go . '' 
 anne released dan 's hands , and as he turned to walk past her , she saw reflected in his eyes a peace and a perfection which she had never seen in her waking or dreaming life . 
 the light of a million lives past , and a million lives yet to come . 
 about the author hello , my name is carrie lange . 
 i did n't originally have this section in my book because i did n't feel there was too much about myself that was worth mentioning . 
 but many people have asked me how much of this story is real and how much is made up . 
 so , to get directly to it , every `` real '' thing that happens in this story is true and pretty much exactly as i experienced it -lrb- except the part about dan joking that our names rhymed ... though he did make an extremely lame joke at that moment -rrb- , and a fair bit of the `` supernatural '' parts as well -- at least as far as anne 's story goes . 
 there really was a tar and rale in my life , though whether they were hallucinations or real spirits , who can say ? 
 they came into my life just as written . 
 granted , my interactions with rale were not quite as concrete as anne 's , but yes ... he looked like brad dourif . 
 and my daughter really did tell me that dan was with his friend named tar , and that night i dreamed of him ... and yes , he looked like alan rickman ! 
 and tar did in fact save me from pulling the trigger just as described in the story . 
 of course , everything about dan in the afterlife is pure fantasy , although i like to think that he , and maybe even tar and rale , were giving me inspiration . 
 i often felt them around me as i was writing . 
 people have found it hard to believe the seemingly callous reactions anne receives from those around her following dan 's death . 
 when i was writing this book , i did not tell readers who were critiquing for me that it was based on my real life because i did n't want them to go easy on me . 
 over and over i was told that it was n't believable how people were treating anne and that i needed to add some more compassionate people around her in order to make it realistic . 
 please trust me when i say that i did tone it down ... quite a bit ... the truth is that people treated me with even more callousness and insensitivity than i portrayed in this book . 
 i felt it was important to show the reality often faced by those who are grieving , especially if the death was from suicide , or something else that people feel the grieving person could have prevented . 
 the other reason i did not get support from those around me was because i was suffering from `` disenfranchised grief '' . 
 this means the grief is not recognized by those around you . 
 you are not entitled to your grieving for a variety of reasons . 
 for me , it was a combination of the fact that dan was not my husband but `` only her boyfriend '' , and the fact that he committed suicide , which carries its own stigma . 
 i wanted to portray the real experiences of a desperately grieving person , and the aftermath of a suicide . 
 i want people to see just how messy it is . 
 when a person commits suicide , their pain does n't end . 
 they just hand it over to the people who love them the most . 
 when someone dies , the pain and grief does n't end for those closest to that person when the funeral ends . 
 the worst is just beginning for them . 
 i live in the seattle area with my husband , who i met just as you have read . 
 i changed almost everyone 's name for this story , but i let dan and kim - my husband 's late fiancée - keep their names . 
 whether intentional or not , they did bring us together , and we named our son , daniel markim , in honor of them both . 
 my daughter is now a teenager , and battling with her own depression . 
 she has struggled with self-harm and thoughts of suicide . 
 every year in america , 37,000 people take their own lives . 
 that is over 100 people every day . 
 day after day . 
 week after week . 
 year upon year . 
 over , and over ... and over . 
 for every completed suicide , eleven other people attempt it . 
 that 's over 400,000 people . 
 400,000 different people . 
 every year . 
 one can only assume that for all those numbers , there are countless more who wish for it , dream of it , `` if only i could ... '' they may wistfully ponder . 
 alone . 
 in the dark . 
 in the quiet , solitary recesses of their despair . 
 suicide is the 10th leading cause of death in america and has surpassed motor vehicle accidents as the # 1 cause of death by physical injury . 
 yet society as a whole attempts to hide it away , perhaps into those same , solitary recesses from whence it is born . 
 the stigma of mental illness kills . 
 it killed dan . 
 my daughter , through her struggle to understand her own depression , kept asking me about dan 's death . 
 this book first began as my way of explaining to her an unexplainable act . 
 if you , or someone you care about is depressed , whether suicidal or not , you need two things : medical help and hope . 
 i ca n't give anyone medical help , but it is my aim , with my blog and with my book , to provide some hope . 
 hope not just for them , but also for the many tens of thousands more suicide survivors . 
 the victims of suicide left behind to deal with not just grief , but guilt and shame . 
 burdens which they often have to shoulder alone , cut off from a world which may look on them with uncomfortable eyes , or worse yet , accusing eyes . 
 if you are suicidal due to grief , as i was , the world has no idea what you are going through . 
 you are drowning , and no one is even looking at you . 
 ask for help . 
 find a support group . 
 the pain will lesson . 
 but you will not lose your loved one again when it does . 
 nothing will take them away from you . 
 not time . 
 not another lover or child or friend . 
 it 's okay to go on living when they are dead . 
 nothing will take what remains of them away from you . 
 if it were within my power , i would take each and every one of those 100 people who die every day at their own hands and put my arms around them and tell them , `` hang on for one more day . 
 life means hope . 
 you are worth saving . 
 do n't give up . '' 
 if you are reading this , i will say it to you : here is the sign you are looking for . 
 hang on for one more day . 
 life means hope . 
 you are worth saving . 
 do n't give up . 
 do n't give up . 
 please . 
 do n't give up . 
 subscribe to my blog : http://littleblogoflettinggo.com/ follow me on twitter : https://twitter.com/carrielange like me on facebook : https://www.facebook.com/littlepageoflettinggo favorite me at smashwords : https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/langecarrie dedication this book is dedicated to the memory of daniel leonard rieske and kimberly hildebrandt bunting . 
 it is my ardent hope that this story may give pause to anyone contemplating suicide , if only long enough for them to ask for help . 
 national suicide prevention lifeline : 1-800-273-8255 www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org it is also my hope that this story may open eyes . 
 there may be someone in your life right now who is suffering silently from grief or depression and you do n't even realize it . 
 put your arms around them and let them know that you are there . 
 thank you . 
 acknowledgements i would like to thank my daughter , kendra lange , who was my true inspiration for writing this story . 
 `` why ? '' 
 you always asked me . 
 why did the man who taught you how to eat oreo cookies , color with pastels , and paint easter eggs leave you ? 
 here , in this story , is my only answer . 
 to my best friend , george bridges , you supported me when no one else did . 
 i was lost , and you came and found me . 
 to my husband , mark atteberry , you saved my life . 
 all the pennies are gone , but you are still here . 
 to the rieske family : sharon , bill , tegan , roxanne , thank you for welcoming me into your family . 
 i would not give up one moment of my time with dan to erase the enormity of the pain caused by his loss . 
 to detective brad corcoran , the real life detective who comforted me the day after dan 's death . 
 you showed me such compassion that day . 
 more honest , no strings-attached , nothing to gain , compassion then i received from anyone else . 
 i will never forget you . 
 and finally , to my son , daniel markim atteberry , you are the phoenix that arose out of the ashes of our despair . 
 you are the happy ending to a sad story . 
 special thanks to chris skoglund , monterey sirak , rick ellrod , and nadine ducca . 
 the insight , encouragement , and expertise of these four exceptional authors inspired me to keep writing even through the most discouraging of days . 
