 hobo zombie and other stories also by karen lofgren novels : imagine someday the souls of the stars december july * collections : hobo zombie and other stories the profane and the sacred and other stories * * forthcoming from loyalty press hobo zombie and other stories karen lofgren loyalty press hobo zombie and other stories © 2013 karen armstrong , writing as karen lofgren all rights reserved . 
 no portion of this book may be reproduced in any way without permission . 
 this is a work of fiction . 
 all names , characters , places , and events are products of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously . 
 any resemblance to actual persons , either living or dead , is entirely coincidental . 
 smashwords edition published by loyalty press www.loyaltypress.weebly.com table of contents the coming of the wolves the affinity fins heroes and demons the morning after kenji next door neighbors does he dream like i do ? 
 hobo zombie about the author to my mom and dad . 
 the coming of the wolves the horizon line is aglow with the end of the day . 
 long shadows cast themselves over the forest . 
 soon it will be dark . 
 with a shawl wrapped around my shoulders , i stumble through the trees , my breath visible in the air . 
 it is the dead of winter , with at least four feet of snow covering the ground , impeding my progress . 
 where were they ? 
 i was home . 
 not in the bustle of the city , or even in my own house , a small cabin nearby . 
 no , i only felt at home here . 
 in the forest . 
 but even better , i loved hearing them . 
 the wolves . 
 gorgeous , intelligent , affectionate creatures . 
 humankind can not hold a candle to them . 
 the songs they sing to each other every night are as beautiful as their fur . 
 a haunting melody , echoing through the trees until the very end of time . 
 i come to a frozen river , autumn leaves still visible under the ice . 
 i touch the hard surface with my boot carefully , before deciding it is safe . 
 i put my full weight on the ice , but my foot slides out from under me , and i barely catch myself . 
 i stand to my full height again , my muscles aching . 
 i 'm not as young as i used to be . 
 grace , beauty , and resourcefulness . 
 just like a wolf . 
 qualities i no longer possess . 
 no children have been a part of my life , and my parents are long dead and buried . 
 there was no one who would miss me . 
 wolves mate for life . 
 many people believe they actually fall in love . 
 i fell in love with a man once . 
 i thought we were happy together , but he betrayed me , and our relationship ended . 
 i never married . 
 all i wanted in life was to be a shape-changer , like so many other young women in the land , so i could take the form of a wolf and live as one until the end of my days . 
 but i was not born a shape-changer . 
 it took many long years for the hard truth to sink in . 
 i brush a hand through my gray hair . 
 in the end , this is how i wanted it to be . 
 ah , there they are . 
 a pack is near . 
 with no underbrush to conceal them , i can see their dark shapes moving in circles around me . 
 they are shy , fearful . 
 humans have made them that way . 
 proud predators , brought to their knees before us . 
 how unfair the world is . 
 they continue to circle , unsure what to make of me . 
 i spread my arms , welcoming them , but none draw near . 
 knowing i will need to draw them in , i pull the knife from my coat pocket . 
 it 's small , but it will get the job done . 
 like a wolf that has reached the end of its life , i have ventured out into the wilderness to die , even though i have no pack mates to burden . 
 the wolves will go for my throat first , to make sure i am dead before they begin their feast . 
 my body will be torn apart and eaten . 
 my intestines will decorate the ground in an exotic pattern , and only my bones will remain once my carcass has been picked clean . 
 it will be painful , and brutal , but that is the way of nature . 
 that is the way things should be . 
 the wolves will not approach me , so i will go to them . 
 i barely feel the pain as the knife slices open my numb skin . 
 the smell of the blood entices them . 
 i fall to my stomach , my face looking to the side . 
 some of the more hungry ones pounce forth , and come to me . 
 their pack will not starve this winter . 
 not tonight , anyway . 
 i watch on , embracing my end . 
 the blood is beautiful against the snow . 
 the affinity the first time i saw her , i thought she was a faerie , like the ones i 'd heard about in the old stories . 
 she was always dancing ; i had no idea how she could keep doing it for so long . 
 on the rare occasions that i danced , it was n't formal , and i certainly was n't graceful about it . 
 during village festivals , i could just dance as long and as wildly as i wanted to with my friends , but there was no way anyone i knew could dance for that long . 
 it was always the same dance too , with no variation . 
 perhaps there was some otherworldly power forcing her to continue dancing . 
 perhaps a spell had been cast on her . 
 i would never know . 
 it all started three weeks ago , when i found myself in the meadow at night , and i saw her for the first time . 
 people from my village passed by this meadow all the time on the road that wound its way through the forest , but no one was ever there at night . 
 i 'd never been out here at night either , so i had no idea how long the mysterious girl had danced there . 
 had she just started , perhaps practicing to dance in spite of parents who forbade it ? 
 or had she been doing it for centuries ? 
 the first time i laid eyes on her , i was mesmerized . 
 i could n't look away . 
 she was so beautiful . 
 i 'm sure that was one of the other reasons i believed her to be a faerie . 
 no mortal creature could be that beautiful . 
 as a boy nearing manhood , i admit i was drawn to her . 
 so i fell into a pattern . 
 every night , i would go to the woods and watch my faerie dance in the clearing , keeping myself hidden from her sight . 
 or so i thought . 
 as i would learn later , she had known i was there from the beginning . 
 near the end of the third week , i stole away from home early in the evening , claiming i had late work to do for my master , the local carpenter . 
 like most boys in our small village , i had become apprenticed to a trade when i turned twelve . 
 there had been other choices , but i liked our local carpenter the best and he had offered the apprenticeship for a reasonable price , so my parents and i accepted , and my path in life had been chosen . 
 that 's all there was to it . 
 i made it to the clearing and hid in my usual spot , behind a copse of birch trees . 
 but this time was not like the others . 
 almost as soon as i settled down and fixed my gaze on the clearing , she appeared . 
 just , appeared , right before my very eyes . 
 one second she was n't there and the next she was , fading from nothing to a solid reality . 
 before , she had always just been when i 'd arrived . 
 but she appeared out of thin air . 
 and every second she was dancing , from the time she first appeared to when she completely materialized . 
 there was no longer any doubt in my mind that she was n't human . 
 but the oddities did n't stop there . 
 suddenly , she looked at me . 
 i felt my heart skip a beat , thinking it was my mind playing tricks on me . 
 that her eyes had just drifted my direction as she repeated the steps of the dance . 
 she was looking right at me , and i felt my palms begin to sweat . 
 how was she going to react ? 
 was she going to be mad ? 
 was she going to curse me and my family the way angry faeries did in the old stories ? 
 i remained motionless , like a rabbit spotted by a fox , but her eyes never wavered from me , even though she continued dancing . 
 it was eerie yet strangely beautiful in the shimmering moonlight . 
 finally , she spoke . 
 `` what is your name ? '' 
 such a mundane greeting for such a non-mundane creature . 
 all i could do was answer . 
 `` robert , '' i said , slightly embarrassed by the simplicity of my name . 
 she did not respond with her own name . 
 ordinarily i would have thought that was quite rude , but it occurred to me that she perhaps did n't even have a name . 
 the thought made me sad . 
 `` i. . . 
 just wanted to tell you , '' i said nervously , `` that your dancing is beautiful . '' 
 she smiled a bright smile . 
 `` thank you . 
 i think i could tell , though . 
 you 've been watching me for a while now . '' 
 `` you did ? 
 you never said anything ... '' i said , suddenly embarrassed beyond belief that my spying had been noticed , as well as a little miffed that i was n't as sneaky as i thought . 
 `` i did n't mind , '' she replied simply . 
 `` may i ask ... who are you ? 
 i. . . 
 do n't recognize you from the village , '' i finished lamely . 
 of course i did n't recognize her from the village . 
 i knew everyone from the village . 
 she smiled at me , softly and beautifully , yet i could n't shake the feeling that there was some kind of deep sorrow hidden underneath that smile . 
 `` i 'm a faerie . '' 
 she said it as if it were the most obvious and normal thing in the world . 
 i was n't sure if i believed her , in spite of all my speculations . 
 i was fourteen now , no longer a child to believe in the bedtime stories grandmother used to tell me . 
 yet it did n't feel right to press her , so i said nothing . 
 she said nothing either and continued dancing . 
 she never once stopped . 
 i stayed standing there for hours , transfixed and unable to look away . 
 i found my thoughts wishing that she would take me away from this mundane life , but i ultimately said nothing . 
 i could n't muster up the courage to . 
 only the light of the morning sun rising over the treetops was enough to break me from my reverie . 
 because that 's how i felt . 
 like i was in a dream , and it was time to wake up . 
 as soon as the light touched her skin , she stopped dancing and regarded me again . 
 her expression was as warm and gentle as the sunlight , but there was a hard coldness underneath that was so strong anyone could have sensed it . 
 she did n't say anything , but it did n't take words to communicate to me that i was no longer welcome . 
 so i turned away and walked back up the small incline to the dirt path . 
 in the end , i could n't help a glance over my shoulder , but when i looked the clearing was empty . 
 the next night i returned , and she was n't there . 
 i panicked . 
 had i done something wrong ? 
 was this my fault ? 
 had me seeing her caused her to cease to be ? 
 i religiously made the journey to the clearing every night after that for a full six days before i finally gave up . 
 i had no idea if she was a human or a faerie . 
 but she was gone for good . 
 fins her shoulder-length auburn hair fluttered in the wind coming off the sea . 
 every once in a while the rogue strands would invade her eyes and be brushed away by an annoyed hand . 
 it was morning . 
 her father had awoken early as usual to go out on the fishing boat , and the sound of him frying eggs in the kitchen had woken his daughter up as well , leaving her unable to fall back asleep . 
 so constance had made the decision to go on an early morning walk , so she would n't wake her younger sister . 
 tiffany hated to be woken up early . 
 the sun was just rising over the sea , casting its golden light onto the water , and then up onto the grass and trees on the land . 
 nova scotia was beautiful to her , with lush forests that came right up to the shoreline . 
 the beaches were rocky and uninviting near her family 's home , not suited for tourism , and the water was too cold besides . 
 but that had never fazed connie before . 
 if anything , it meant few people and thus alone time . 
 her feet had thick calluses on them and were protected by waterproof boat shoes . 
 taking a deep breath of the fresh morning air , she continued her walk along the beach until she rounded the turn into a small bay where few people went . 
 the water met the land in a smooth semi-circle , with rocky shores all around . 
 she blended into the rocks so well that connie almost did n't see her . 
 strolling along , connie tripped over something slimy and scaly , like a fish , and fell to the rocks , slicing her arm open on one of the sharper ones . 
 the salt water present on the rock stung the wound and she winced before looking down at what had tripped her . 
 at first she thought she was looking at an oversized fish -- the scales were a very dark blue color and moist with water -- and there was no way she could have mistaken fish fins for anything else . 
 it was a big fish , but she had seen her father drag in bigger . 
 it had probably washed up on shore during the storm last night and died . 
 but then her eyes trailed along the body to find that the top half looked very much like a naked woman , with sandy blond hair and quite a beautiful figure . 
 connie squinted her eyes , wondering if they were playing tricks on her . 
 of course she knew what a mermaid was . 
 she had seen the little mermaid upwards of a hundred times as a kid . 
 but that was the stuff of fiction , not reality . 
 briefly , she wondered if this creature was some weird experiment that had escaped from a lab somewhere . 
 her mind could n't help but think of those weird and somewhat gross internet ads that showed a crossbred animal and asked if people thought the image was real or not . 
 `` a -- are you okay ? '' 
 connie asked hesitantly , having no real idea what to do in a situation like this . 
 she assumed because it looked human that it could talk , but it was entirely possible the mermaid would n't understand her language . 
 the mermaid did not respond ; did n't even look at her . 
 but connie stayed kneeling there , the rough rocks cutting into her knees and rubbing the skin raw . 
 she tried again . 
 `` i know this is going to sound like a stupid question , but are you a. . . ? '' 
 as if realizing for the first time there was someone else present , the mermaid wrapped her arms around herself and struggled to get back to the water . 
 `` i -- i. . . 
 forget you ever saw me , okay ? '' 
 a look of anger and disbelief crossed connie 's face . 
 `` um , no . 
 i 'd like some answers . 
 you 're a mermaid ? 
 merpeople really exist ? '' 
 `` no one will believe you if you tell , '' the mermaid said , a dark look in her eyes as she redoubled her efforts to scoot back to the ocean , though her progress was slow . 
 angered , and not wanting to let her get away , connie reached out and grabbed the mermaid 's wrists , rendering her unable to move . 
 `` let go of me ! '' 
 the mermaid cried . 
 but connie held fast . 
 she was a fisherman 's daughter , and knew not to let the catch go . 
 the mermaid was strong , her toned human body and the naturally powerful fish muscles in her tail gave connie a challenge , but she finally managed to pin the mermaid to the beach and wait until she exhausted herself . 
 apparently she had much more stamina than most fish did since connie swore it took nearly twenty minutes of thrashing at full strength before the mermaid collapsed upon the rock , wheezing . 
 as connie stood up to her full height , her arms feeling like lead , she said in an adamant voice , `` i 'm connie , by the way . '' 
 the mermaid sighed in defeat and pulled her tail closer to her body . 
 `` you 're persistent . '' 
 `` i guess . 
 do you have a name ? '' 
 the mermaid hesitated for a moment , then said , `` olivia . '' 
 `` connie !? '' 
 her father 's voice rang out , echoing across the water . 
 olivia let out a small whimper in fear and tried to hide behind a jagged rock that might , if she were lucky , conceal her . 
 the look on olivia 's face showed how alone and scared she felt , and connie felt her chest tighten . 
 how on earth could she explain this to her father ? 
 she could n't let him see olivia . 
 `` i 'm here , papa ! '' 
 she called over the sounds of the waves . 
 she could see his big , strong frame heading up the beach from the house . 
 connie tried to think of something to say that would make him turn back and not sound too suspicious . 
 he stopped upon seeing her . 
 fortunately , he was still a good distance away and it did n't seem like he 'd spotted olivia . 
 `` are you taking a walk ? '' 
 he called . 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'd like to have some time to myself , all right ? '' 
 she hollered back , her words carried by the sea . 
 she hoped that would be convincing enough . 
 after all , everyone in her family knew how much she liked to walk alongside the ocean and just think . 
 she could see him nod . 
 `` all right , then . 
 be back in time for lunch . 
 i 'm buying . '' 
 that 's right . 
 it was thursday , and she and her father had a little tradition where he 'd take her to their favorite little restaurant before going out on the boat . 
 with olivia washing up on shore , connie had almost forgotten . 
 `` all right ! '' 
 she called back , and with that , her father vanished from sight . 
 olivia peeked out from behind the slimy gray rock , looking at the human curiously . 
 `` you did n't call him over ? '' 
 connie looked at her as though she were crazy . 
 `` of course not . 
 why would i ? '' 
 this situation was weird enough as it was . 
 she did n't want to drag her father into it , too . 
 `` i thought ... '' olivia stopped herself and sighed . 
 `` it 's just that i 've been told forever that humans are monsters . '' 
 she looked connie over . 
 `` but you ... you seem to be nice . '' 
 connie felt sympathy for the mermaid 's plight . 
 was that what olivia 's culture taught her ? 
 she supposed it made sense . 
 if normal fish were as sentient as humans , she could only imagine how terrified of people they would be . 
 same went for every other species on the planet . 
 humans sure had a knack for royally fucking up how nature was supposed to work . 
 she realized she knew next to nothing about merpeople culture , and she 'd like to ask eventually . 
 but first , gaining olivia 's trust seemed to be more important . 
 connie 's curiosity ensured she did n't want to let this opportunity go . 
 `` i know some people can be nasty , but not everyone 's a monster . 
 i wo n't hurt you , i promise , '' she said softly , reaching out a hand in friendship . 
 cautiously , olivia reached out to take hers too . 
 `` you 're cold , '' connie commented at the touch . 
 instead of being warm like a human arm would be , it was cold ; roughly the same temperature as the sea . 
 olivia 's fins connie would have understood , but it was a little off-putting for olivia 's human torso to be as cold as a corpse . 
 olivia nodded . 
 `` we 're definitely what you would call cold-blooded . 
 i do n't think we could survive long in the ocean if we were n't . 
 it gets cold down there . '' 
 olivia looked at connie , hesitated , and then placed a hand on connie 's calf . 
 connie almost jerked away , but did n't when she remembered that the mermaid had never been this close to a human before , and for all she knew personal space was n't as big a deal to them . 
 at the cold touch , a shiver ran down her spine but a hot flush came to her cheeks , thoroughly confusing her . 
 `` and you 're very warm ... '' olivia said it in a way that implied she liked it very much . 
 `` can i see you again sometime ? '' 
 asked connie , the words out of her mouth before she realized she 'd spoken them . 
 olivia 's naked breasts -lrb- modesty obviously was n't a thing with mermaids -rrb- were now uncomfortably close and connie awkwardly tried to avert her eyes . 
 she realized with a bit of a jolt that she wanted to stare at them , which only made her feel more embarrassed , so she focused on olivia 's pretty face instead . 
 olivia took a deep breath , her hair soaked from the salty spray of the sea . 
 `` i should n't , but ... okay . '' 
 connie tried to contain her excitement . 
 for some reason , the warm , tight feeling in her chest was terrified at the thought of never seeing this mermaid again . 
 `` here . 
 i 'll give you a hand . '' 
 with that , she scooped the young mermaid up , slippery tail and all , into her arms and marched towards the sea . 
 it was like rescuing a beached whale , and reminded her of the one time she and her father had found one on a beach just up the coast . 
 they had pushed and pushed for hours , waiting for help to arrive , before they finally managed to get the thing back in the water . 
 her father had told her it was a northern right whale , a critically endangered species , and he would do anything within reason to save it . 
 they thought the whale had died afterwords , but they had tried . 
 it was the best they could have done . 
 when connie had stepped far enough into the cold surf , she loosened her grip , and olivia swam free . 
 `` i 'll meet you at that rock , when the sun is high , tomorrow , '' olivia said , pointing . 
 connie nodded . 
 `` i 'll be waiting . '' 
 the mermaid turned away and dove into the water . 
 ~ am i gay ? 
 it was n't a thought that had ever crossed connie 's mind before . 
 then again , she 'd never really thought much about her sexuality up until that point either . 
 this was the first time she had ever been physically attracted to someone in her life . 
 she was sitting with her father at their favorite little dive of a restaurant in the nearby town of lockeport , nova scotia , tuning him out as he went on and on with his fish stories . 
 they had been cute when she 'd been younger -- he knew his daughter liked stories so he would spin all kinds of tales for her about the things he saw and did out on the boat , but now that she was a teenager the stories had lost their magic . 
 then again , mermaids were real , and she might have a crush on one , so she guessed the jury was still out on just how much `` magic '' her life had lost as she 'd grown up . 
 as her dad launched into a story about a particularly stubborn lobster that had supposedly tried to take his head off , her mind launched into a different train of thought . 
 she 'd honestly never asked her dad , or her mom and sister for that matter , what they thought about homosexuality . 
 it just was n't a subject that had ever come up . 
 she did n't think her parents were prudish or intolerant , but she did n't exactly feel comfortable talking to them about such personal matters either . 
 she sighed , stirring her chocolate malt she 'd barely touched with a straw . 
 she 'd just have to meet olivia again at sun high tomorrow , and see what came of it . 
 ~ connie went out to the rock , only half-expecting olivia to actually be there . 
 she sat down on the flattest and driest rock she could find and told herself that if the mermaid was n't there in fifteen minutes , she was going inside . 
 it was noon , and the warm sun was causing her to doze off , yet the sharp wind coming in off the water was enough to make her uncomfortable . 
 `` connie . '' 
 a voice snapped her out of her haze . 
 connie glanced around until she saw olivia , waiting in the surf . 
 `` do you need to stay in the water ? '' 
 connie called . 
 `` i 'll be okay for a while . 
 can you help me up ? '' 
 connie nodded , waded out into the water , and picked the mermaid up as she had before . 
 she carried olivia to the large rock and placed her on it , where olivia pulled herself up into a sitting position , her tail fin dangling down into the foamy surf . 
 connie sat back down on the rock she had been on and looked over at her new found ... friend , she supposed . 
 `` are you feeling okay ? '' 
 olivia nodded . 
 `` yeah . 
 once i had a chance to catch my breath and rest a bit i was fine . '' 
 like before , olivia was naked , and connie found herself having a hard time averting her eyes from the mermaid 's gorgeous body . 
 so it had n't been a mistake , or a fluke , or a one time thing . 
 suddenly everything seemed to click into place . 
 she knew who she was now . 
 ~ she spent her summer days learning from olivia everything there was to know about merpeople . 
 apparently they migrated , as the waters off the coast of nova scotia were way too cold for them in the winter . 
 social structure involved schools . 
 they spawned in the spring and hatched from eggs . 
 it all seemed like typical fishlike behavior to connie . 
 in spite of that , olivia seemed to genuinely like connie and connie felt a connection forming between the two of them . 
 and the entire time connie had never gotten over how beautiful olivia was . 
 she had fantasized more than once about the beautiful mermaid , envisioning olivia in her mind 's eye with legs instead of fins . 
 sometimes it disturbed her that her desires were so lustful , and not drawn from actual love , but this awakening was just too powerful for connie to ignore , so the fantasies had continued . 
 `` olivia , '' connie said one august morning as she took a deep breath . 
 summer was drawing to a close , and olivia would be migrating south with her school when september fell upon them . 
 it was now or never . 
 `` i want to , somehow , see the other merpeople with you . '' 
 this plan had been forming in her mind for weeks now . 
 her mother had long been a diver . 
 she could use the cold water suit . 
 but olivia 's response made her heart sink . 
 `` i. . . 
 do n't think that 's a great idea . '' 
 `` but think about it . 
 if your people think i 'm a monster , what better way to prove them wrong than to see me themselves ? '' 
 olivia 's eyes showed her desire to grant connie 's wish , but her mind stopped her . 
 `` i 'm sorry , connie . 
 i just ca n't . 
 besides , how would you breathe ? '' 
 `` i 'm assuming there 's no magic potion that can turn me into a mermaid for three days , huh ? '' 
 olivia looked at her oddly . 
 `` no , of course not . '' 
 attempting to lighten up the situation with humor did n't work , since olivia did n't understand and it only made connie feel worse . 
 `` olivia , i 'm serious , '' connie said , desperation starting to creep into her voice . 
 olivia sighed , now far less afraid and more irritated with connie 's antics . 
 `` connie ... '' `` is it because i 'm a woman ? '' 
 yelled connie , now genuinely angry , sad , and ... frightened . 
 `` no , it is n't ! '' 
 olivia cried back . 
 `` it 's because you 're a human ! 
 and i 'm a mermaid ! '' 
 she 's emotionally invested in me now , too , connie realized . 
 shit . 
 why did i have to get myself into this ? 
 olivia turned away , trying to hide her tears . 
 `` connie , i need to go . '' 
 the fear inside connie rose to alarming levels , for she knew if olivia left now she would never return . 
 the tears came , warm , salty and unbidden . 
 she knew this would never work out . 
 she could n't become a mermaid and olivia could n't become human . 
 even if she did use the scuba gear to go under the water and immerse herself in the culture of merpeople , it was n't as though she could permanently live that way . 
 connie had always hated the stupid protagonists in books who more or less threw their entire lives away on a whim for `` love , '' and now here she was doing it herself . 
 she felt like a complete idiot . 
 `` no ! 
 no , olivia ! 
 do n't go ! '' 
 connie sobbed in spite of everything . 
 but it was too late . 
 olivia had vanished into the surf . 
 ~ olivia sat atop the rock . 
 a funeral was happening today . 
 it had been seventy-five years , and though connie had never known it , she had kept tabs on her human friend all that time . 
 her once beautiful golden hair was now white as the wave caps . 
 olivia knew she did n't have much longer to live either . 
 she could feel it in her bones . 
 she watched several humans , presumably connie 's family , drift along the beach like shadows in their dark clothes . 
 a teary-eyed woman that olivia knew to be connie 's wife held an urn , something completely foreign to the mermaid . 
 a few words were spoken that olivia could n't make out . 
 even if her hearing had withstood the tests of time and age , the roar of the ocean ensured connie 's last eulogy was lost on her . 
 with a mighty heave , connie 's widow upturned the urn and the ashes spilled out into the sea . 
 a fitting end . 
 olivia returned to the sea . 
 heroes and demons the man 's heart raced as he was led up the steps to the gallows . 
 the wind whistled out of the eastern blue sky , forcing a chill up his spine . 
 it was n't supposed to be this way . 
 heroes were supposed to face their unjust deaths with dignity and without fear . 
 but he was afraid . 
 so very , very afraid . 
 the wood creaked under his feet as he was led to the noose , but he barely noticed . 
 everything he saw was in tunnel vision , leading to the same grisly conclusion . 
 he had killed the man . 
 he would n't deny that fact . 
 but no one , the constable in particular , had much listened to him because he was a westerner , an outsider . 
 even his name , maris , was alien to these people . 
 the killing had been done in justifiable self-defense , but at this point it did n't matter much . 
 he had no proof , and the constable was going to believe the words of his one witness , a resident of the village for the last sixty years , over those of a condemned man who had only been passing through the settlement . 
 he was going to die , and he was fighting with everything he had not to panic . 
 the constable spoke in a way that made maris think the law officer was bored out of his mind . 
 `` you are to be executed for the crime of murder . 
 do you have anything to say ? '' 
 `` none , '' said maris through his teeth . 
 his hands were shaking so badly he needed to clench them together so the onlookers would not see . 
 sweat shone on his forehead . 
 just be over with it already . 
 the guard marched him forth and slipped the noose around his neck with expert hands that had done this unsavory task a thousand times . 
 maris shut his eyes and stood there , waiting . 
 those few seconds before the end were the longest . 
 but instead of silence and blackness , din and light filled his world . 
 maris opened his eyes , stunned to find his surroundings alight with fire . 
 gunpowder explosions had gone off ; he could smell the unmistakeable stench of sulfur in the air . 
 chaos erupted amongst the crowd as they all attempted to get clear of the square . 
 next to him , the constable and the guard lay dead , arrows protruding from their throats . 
 his hands still bound , maris looked around , trying to comprehend what was happening . 
 a group of people , men and women alike , who had not been there when he 'd closed his eyes , were streaming into the village like a river of fire . 
 he could only assume these people to be responsible for the attack , and his suspicions were confirmed when one of the women threw a small nut filled with gunpowder and he saw another lift a bow and fire an arrow . 
 the explosion was deafening and the building behind maris exploded in fire . 
 the arrow flew true and hit its target : another guard who was rushing forward to meet the invaders . 
 the momentary relief was replaced by a different kind of panic . 
 he might yet die today . 
 removing the noose with some difficulty and ducking down , he rolled off the platform into the dust , struggling to withhold a cough as dirt entered his mouth and eyes . 
 he moaned in pain as he felt his bones jolt on impact with the hard ground . 
 rising to his knees , he glanced around again , looking for the best escape route . 
 fortunately the surrounding forest was only about a hundred yards away . 
 if he sprinted , he could make it . 
 he wished he had time to look for some sort of tool that could assist him in removing the thick rope tied around his wrists , but time was of the essence . 
 he would just have to come up with something later , when his life was n't in such immediate danger . 
 the air was thick with smoke from the nearby fires , and maris stifled a cough so he would n't give away his location . 
 scanning his surroundings one last time , maris made for the trees . 
 it was then maris saw a man standing at the edge of the village . 
 he was an ordinary-enough looking man , wearing a brown sheepskin vest and trousers -- the attire of nearly every common man living in the surrounding area . 
 he had long black hair as sleek as silk , and was watching on with sharp gray eyes as the village was overrun . 
 the man 's powerful gaze flicked towards maris and for a split second maris thought his `` savior '' was planning to kill him too . 
 warlords controlled this land , and he figured this man almost certainly had to be one . 
 the man said nothing and did nothing . 
 he only shifted his cold but angry eyes back to the burning village . 
 not wanting to press his luck , maris went into the forest , leaving the ravaged village behind . 
 ~ three long years passed , and the land fell under darkness . 
 maris ' `` dark savior , '' as he liked to call the man who had interrupted his execution and saved his life , had turned out to be a real threat to the order of the world . 
 maris later learned he was called kiel , a minor warlord from the south who had been the bastard son of a washerwoman . 
 now everyone in the mountain territories knew his name . 
 maris himself had returned to wandering the land after his brush with death , and had encountered several companions that he had grown to love as his own kin . 
 it was with them now that he stormed the gates of kiel 's fortress , intending to put an end to the madman 's reign of terror . 
 alaine , the skilled swordswoman he had picked up in the central city of dara’thul , was back at the gates to the fortress , holding off the support army kiel had called for when he realized his keep had been breached . 
 she was a one woman army , especially when she was pissed off , but maris knew she could not hold up forever against kiel 's army . 
 he would have to hurry . 
 `` you go ahead , '' chechin said to him . 
 `` i 'll make sure you do n't have any interruptions . '' 
 as alaine 's twin brother , chechin looked a lot like his sister , though he was much softer in both body and heart . 
 but his self-taught skill with magic was nearly unmatched in the land and though it had taken a while , maris was proud to call the pair of twins his traveling companions . 
 now there was just one thing left to do . 
 defeat the evil that had shrouded the land like every hero did in every old song . 
 maris nodded at his comrade . 
 `` be careful . '' 
 and with that he moved forward . 
 the fortress was eerily empty . 
 there had been a few guards at the entrance , but they were nothing he and chechin could n't handle . 
 the majority of kiel 's loyal forces had been sent out to lay siege to the fortress belonging to one of the most powerful warlords in the mountain territories , who controlled the ancient fortress of baath ’n a ' raht . 
 it was sung that baath ’n a ' raht was the most impenetrable keep in the entire world , and in its fifteen centuries of life , it had never been captured by an opposing army . 
 kiel was bold , but it meant his own keep had been left lightly guarded . 
 it was a perfect time to strike , because kiel was almost certainly there . 
 it was the way he did things . 
 he would send his forces out to wear down the opposing army , and then kiel himself would arrive with `` reinforcements '' that had been planned from the beginning to break his opponent 's morale completely . 
 lashing out with his foot , sword at the ready , maris barreled through the door that led to the inner sanctum , where he knew kiel would be , waiting for the right moment to ride out and join his army . 
 there he was , standing peacefully in the middle of the sanctum as if in meditation , looking little different from the first time maris had laid eyes on him three years ago . 
 the inner sanctum was an integral part of all keeps in the mountain territories , because it was said they were a sacred place where the gods could speak to , and at certain times , walk among men . 
 there was a practical reason as well . 
 being so far inside the keep , the sanctums were the safest places to be in the event of a siege . 
 the sanctum of kiel 's fortress was different from any of the others maris had seen on his many journeys . 
 kiel had obviously changed much about its appearance since taking it over a little over a year ago . 
 the white walls must have been a hundred yards high , and a small tree and a pool of water were situated in the center of the room , in a circular patch of earth . 
 elsewhere around the room , there were other such patches of earth visible through the pristine white floors with flowers growing in all of them , creating a magnificent garden . 
 of all the keeps still standing , this one was the grandest and most centrally located , so it was no surprise that kiel had chosen this one as his permanent residence after rising to power . 
 `` lord kiel , '' maris said , softly and with a hint of respect . 
 for who could n't respect what this man had done , terrible as much of it had been ? 
 he jumped a bit as his quiet words became booming echoes in the huge room . 
 maris glanced around , as if expecting the fire god to leap out of the walls and set him aflame due to some unholy bargain on kiel 's part , but kiel assured him , `` no tricks . 
 i am an honorable man , maris . 
 if you wish to fight me , we shall do it fair and square . '' 
 maris did n't doubt it . 
 according to all the accounts he had heard , kiel was indeed an honorable man -- he kept his word , even if that word was to slaughter hundreds of innocents for a chance to take down the warlord who had control over that region . 
 the countryside was in chaos , but kiel was beginning to unite it -- not even maris could deny that . 
 his methods might not have been the most savory , but by taking out the warlords in control of the various territories kiel was indeed unifying the land through blood . 
 but that did n't excuse the atrocities this man had committed , and maris felt the rage begin to boil inside him . 
 maris had seen the aftermath of kiel 's `` campaigns '' all too often . 
 he had seen a young girl orphaned because her mother had spoken out against kiel 's actions . 
 he had seen decimated crop fields that would not produce a yield that year with a harsh winter looming . 
 he had seen a widow sobbing over her husband 's grave because the man had refused to join kiel 's forces when asked . 
 kiel 's tactics may be unifying the country , but they were also destroying it . 
 maris had killed a man once and nearly died for it , and that act had eaten away at him every single day since it happened . 
 the oath of the untroubled , so long held sacred by the untroubled god , had so badly tempted him with its vows to never take a life . 
 but he knew he could not take such an oath and give his soul to such a peaceful god while such a grisly duty remained ahead of him . 
 when he was done here , though , he might just be able to . 
 he would have to wait and see . 
 maris made no special speeches . 
 in truth , he feared his voice would waver if he opened his mouth . 
 so he simply stared down his enemy , analyzing him like a predator would its prey , trying to detect any weaknesses . 
 `` they are n't truly innocents , you know , '' kiel said , his normally booming , charismatic voice oddly quiet . 
 `` even the ones who have done nothing , they still are participants in an unfair and broken system . 
 only those who fight back , whether they are weak or strong ... they are the ones who truly need me to assist them . '' 
 maris shook his head , his feelings surging up within him and giving him the strength to speak again . 
 `` all life is precious , even if they are stupid sheep who keep their heads down and do all that is commanded of them . 
 the people of this land deserve a governing body that will have their best interests at heart , not one that fights amongst themselves for the pettiest of reasons and changes as easily as the wind . '' 
 `` kill me then . '' 
 maris ' eyes flashed in tandem with his sword as he moved his body into a fighting stance . 
 the crescent blade had been given to him by a peaceful , dying old man living alone in the forest , who asked him to do his best to bring peace to the land once more . 
 now it was time to complete that quest . 
 kiel may have lofty ideals , but what was happening in reality was just unacceptable . 
 it was time to bring down the villain who had been terrorizing the countryside for three years . 
 kiel 's sword scratched the stone floor with an ear-piercing screech , coming in low and aiming to sever maris ' leg . 
 maris parried the blow with his own blade and leapt out of the weapon 's range . 
 he sucked in a quick breath of relief . 
 that was close . 
 trying again , kiel struck out at maris ' neck , going for a killing blow , but maris saw his opportunity . 
 kiel had left his left side undefended . 
 a left side , he 'd heard , that had suffered an old injury in the early days of being a warlord . 
 judging by kiel 's movements , the rumors had been true . 
 maris ducked quickly before seizing his opportunity . 
 dodging , he smashed the small buckler he had picked up after a fight ages ago into kiel 's unguarded side . 
 the sickening sound of ribs cracking filled the room and kiel collapsed , landing on his back , his mouth agape in pain and surprise . 
 kiel looked up at him , no fear in his eyes . 
 `` do it then . '' 
 maris inhaled and looked down , realizing he was shaking again . 
 he tightened his grip on the sword hilt to project the illusion that he was firmly set in his decision . 
 even after all this time , after all the battles he had fought , he was still a coward . 
 or was he something else ? 
 a true hero -- a devote of the untroubled god ? 
 perhaps the first step towards restoring peace was to practice it himself . 
 he drew his sword aside . 
 kiel stared him , surprised , but said nothing . 
 or perhaps he could not think of anything to say . 
 for the first time in his life , the great warlord of the south was speechless . 
 maris said nothing either . 
 he turned his back , sheathed his sword , and exited the chamber . 
 he knew what his decision would entail . 
 having to confront a furious alaine and chechin . 
 an entire realm furious with him for not taking down such a demon when he had the chance . 
 but as he exited the chamber , he knew it was all meaningless , for now his debt was repaid . 
 let no one say he was without honor . 
 the morning after sunlight creeps into the room from the spaces in between the curtains and the wall and slithers across the floor , reaching closer and closer to the bed where two sleeping figures lie . 
 as quietly as possible , i enter and go about the room , performing the duties my master requires of me . 
 straightening a rogue book on the bookshelf , removing some clothes from the floor and placing them in the closet , careful to leave the smaller set alone . 
 master will be upset if i touch things i 'm not supposed to . 
 i 'll have to come in later and clean the washroom and sweep the floor . 
 as much as i try to distance myself and get out of the room before the two forms on the bed stir to life , i fail in my endeavor as the smaller of the two does . 
 she moves ever so slightly and moans ever so softly , the sheet falling down and exposing her pale naked shoulders , though she uses a slim hand to keep the sheet covering her breasts . 
 in spite of everything , she is still concerned about her modesty around me . 
 the poor girl . 
 for that 's all she is , a girl . 
 i was n't sure how old she was when master brought her here , but she could be no older than twelve . 
 she looks at me with such hurt , hateful eyes that ask , `` where were you when i needed you most ? '' 
 i wanted to be there when she needed me . 
 more than anything . 
 i 've dreamed of doing something , of running up here late at night when she cries out as that monster that kidnapped her off the streets has his way with her . 
 but what good would that accomplish ? 
 even if we were to escape , the master would hunt us down , have me killed , and return the miss to the position she is in right now . 
 if i killed him , then i would be executed for murder and she would be tossed out on the streets again . 
 i 'm useless , and i know it . 
 that 's my lot in life , as much as i may hate the reality of it . 
 the master stirs then , and fixes me with a cold glare . 
 `` go prepare breakfast , '' he says , his expression irritable , as if he knows what i 'm thinking and what i want to do . 
 i have no choice but to bow and say , `` yes , sir . '' 
 i leave the room , feeling the miss ' gaze at my back as i do so . 
 it may not be my business . 
 but unfortunately , i seem to have made it my business . 
 i know that later i 'll be assisting the miss as she dresses to hide the bruises and the shame . 
 i know this will continue to happen every night , since no one can stop him . 
 and i know as the days go on , her hope that i can do anything more for her than whisper soothing words will fade into nothingness . 
 author 's note : this story uses japanese names and honorifics , and the names are presented in japanese order . 
 for example , the name of the main character is nojima kenji : nojima is his surname and kenji is his given name . 
 kenji `` did you read the news this morning ? '' 
 a female voice off to kenji 's side said . 
 he knew the question was not posed to him , so he did not answer . 
 `` i did . 
 that guy is just unstoppable , '' her friend responded . 
 `` it 's honestly kind of scary . 
 i mean , he can break in just about anywhere and have access to any data he wants . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 whoever this guy is , he has some serious guts . 
 he 's awesome . '' 
 `` do you want to go to the net club meeting this afternoon , then ? 
 i heard they 're going to talk about it . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 nojima kenji had heard the same stories as his classmates , but the media sensation of a brilliant hacker activist known only by his alias , finley , had seemed so far removed from his own boring , everyday life that he had n't really been following it . 
 takahashi-sensei came into the room then and everything quieted down . 
 without needing to be bidden , kenji reached down and hit the power button on his interactive tablet , which turned on almost instantly . 
 all students at his high school had one , even though most of them had much more advanced technology in their homes . 
 nevertheless , the interactive tablets , which had limited virtual access , had become a staple in their society , and a valuable education tool . 
 the surprise came when kenji , along with his class , saw that their teacher had not entered the room alone . 
 behind him tailed another student , properly dressed according to the school 's student dress code . 
 full school uniforms had fallen by the wayside , but students still had to adhere to a dress code that gave them a few more options than they 'd had a decade ago . 
 what was odd was that the student , whom kenji guessed had to be a transfer , was not japanese , or even asian , but caucasian . 
 foreign students were not exactly unheard of in hiroshima , but still rare . 
 `` class , '' takahashi-sensei began , `` i want you to join me in welcoming a transfer student . 
 would you like to introduce yourself ? '' 
 he asked the teen . 
 `` my name is arthur shea , '' the boy said , writing his name in shaky katakana on the smart board and speaking in a correct but highly formal form of japanese . 
 `` it 's nice to meet you . '' 
 by the look and sound of him , he had practiced that little speech over and over before beginning his first day . 
 `` i hope all of you will make him feel welcome and assist him if he needs anything , '' takahashi-sensei said . 
 he glanced around until his eyes fell on an empty desk . 
 `` shea , the desk next to nojima-san is empty . 
 he 's the one with the , um , white hair . '' 
 arthur saw what the teacher was talking about , nodded , and made his way over to the designated seat without another word . 
 arthur sat in the chair , pulled out his school-issued interactive tablet , and the day continued on . 
 ~ as the bell rang for lunch , about half the class got up to go to the food stalls on campus while the other half pulled out their bento boxes . 
 kenji was part of the latter group , as he pulled out an egg sandwich he 'd made at home to eat . 
 arthur had apparently brought his own lunch as well , though instead of being in a japanese-style bento , he carried it in a western lunch box . 
 arthur caught kenji watching him out of the corner of his eye and to kenji 's surprise the foreign teen blushed in embarrassment . 
 `` sorry , i know it 's a little weird . 
 it 's just that i have n't gone out and gotten my own bento yet and this is all my mom had . '' 
 kenji nodded in understanding before beginning to eat . 
 the two teenagers enjoyed several moments of silence in which to consume their meal before arthur broke it . 
 `` i think it 's cool you 're an albino . 
 i 've never seen an asian albino before . '' 
 ah , the elephant in the room . 
 yes , kenji was more than aware that he was an albino . 
 he had been diagnosed as an infant with oculocutaneous albinism type 4 , to be precise . 
 his hair was a silvery-white and his eyes a pale blue -- making him stick out all the more among his black-haired , brown-eyed classmates . 
 `` we exist , '' kenji responded , not angrily , not in exasperation . 
 just , honestly . 
 `` may i ask what brought you to japan ? '' 
 `` oh , my dad 's job , '' arthur responded , eating his rice fairly well with chopsticks . 
 `` he works as a translator and he 's always wanted to live in japan since he was a teenager . 
 he did translation work in the states for the longest time before landing a position over here . '' 
 kenji nodded . 
 he understood that as well . 
 his own father worked for a large accounting firm and was frequently away from hiroshima on business . 
 but since his wife , kenji 's mother , was a native of hiroshima and was looking after her terminally ill mother , the family had decided to remain in hiroshima while the husband traveled , even if that meant he was unable to return home often . 
 `` class is about to start again , '' kenji told arthur softly as the other students began shuffling about to get back to their seats . 
 arthur glanced around , feeling hurried , as he shoved as much food as possible into his mouth to finish eating it before the next period 's teacher came in . 
 ~ kenji and arthur continued speaking more and more to each other until the two teenagers considered each other friends . 
 one day , nearly three weeks after arthur had transferred into kenji 's high school , kenji asked arthur if he would like to come over to his house . 
 `` really ? '' 
 arthur seemed surprised by the invitation . 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` okay . 
 after school ? '' 
 kenji nodded . 
 `` after school . '' 
 ~ arthur wanted to go home first to change , so kenji returned home alone and began tidying up . 
 he was the only one there , as his mother , like she did every day after work , had gone to see his grandmother , and his father would be away until the following week . 
 he straightened up his room , checked to make sure there were snacks and drinks so he could offer arthur some , and then passed the rest of the time playing a mindless game on his personal tablet . 
 around five the doorbell rang and kenji let arthur in . 
 the american took his shoes off and left them in the entryway . 
 he had changed from his school clothes into a t-shirt and blue jeans . 
 `` my room 's upstairs , '' kenji said , to which arthur nodded and followed . 
 `` you have a nice house , '' arthur commented , surveying the place as he climbed the stairs . 
 `` my folks and i are living in an apartment for now , at least until things get a little more permanent . 
 then my dad said we 'll think about buying a house . '' 
 kenji nodded . 
 there was n't anything special about his house , really . 
 it was a typical little house in a residential neighborhood in hiroshima . 
 downstairs there was a western-style kitchen and the tv room , which was a traditional tatami mat room . 
 the bathroom and the toilet were on the first floor as well . 
 upstairs were the two bedrooms , one for his parents and the other for him . 
 `` that one , '' kenji said , nodding towards the door on the left . 
 arthur stepped into his friend 's room and kenji followed . 
 `` is that an autographed tezuka print ? '' 
 was the first thing arthur said upon seeing kenji 's room , pointing out the item in question . 
 kenji smiled at his friend 's enthusiasm . 
 `` it is . '' 
 arthur had a good eye . 
 ribbon no kishi -lrb- he thought it was called princess knight in the united states -rrb- was one of kenji 's favorite series . 
 the art print was of princess sapphire on her white horse , signed modestly by the god of manga himself . 
 `` i mean , i 'm not that into anime , but that 's a collector 's item ! '' 
 `` i found it at an estate sale , '' kenji said . 
 `` some old man had it in his collection , so i used all my savings to buy it . '' 
 kenji was n't that into anime either , but he had to admit he loved ribbon no kishi . 
 arthur still looked impressed . 
 `` hold on , i want to go get out of my contacts , '' kenji said , realizing how irritating his contacts had gotten . 
 `` wait , you wear glasses ? '' 
 `` i 'm albino , '' kenji said . 
 `` my eyesight is terrible . '' 
 `` oh , '' said arthur , embarrassed for making a big deal out of it . 
 `` i have to be careful in direct sunlight too , '' kenji said , as if in warning for the future . 
 `` i burn very easily . '' 
 `` so you 're a vampire then ? '' 
 arthur said , trying to make light of the situation . 
 `` yes , i am , '' kenji said in a comedic deadpan . 
 `` make yourself comfortable . 
 i 'll be back in a minute , '' he said before going back downstairs . 
 he returned a few minutes later , wearing glasses , and kenji and arthur sat down on the floor and continued to talk about their interests . 
 at one point the conversation turned to tv shows and they ended up watching the first episode of a korean drama kenji was fond of . 
 arthur also complained a bit about how everyone he met seemed to gush over his japanese language ability every time he said something as mundane as `` konnichiwa , '' to which kenji just laughed and told him it was probably something he would just get used to after a while . 
 time seemed to drift away from them until they heard the front door open and someone shuffle about downstairs . 
 `` oh , my mom 's home , '' kenji said . 
 `` kenji ? '' 
 a female voice came from downstairs . 
 `` i 'm in my room , mom . 
 i have a friend over . '' 
 `` oh , the foreign transfer student ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 they heard the sounds of his mother coming up the stairs , and within minutes she was standing outside the door . 
 kenji 's mother was tall and rather beautiful , arthur thought . 
 she was wearing a nice blouse and slacks and high heels , as though she had just come home from work . 
 `` you must be arthur shea , '' she said , extending a hand . 
 arthur shook it , feeling as though she were probably trying to be nice , but it still felt like trying to be accommodating to the foreigner . 
 arthur knew how to bow . 
 but all he said was , `` yes i am , nojima-san . '' 
 `` if there 's anything i can get you , let me know , though i 'm sure kenji 's taking care of you . '' 
 `` he has . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 she nodded before training her eyes on kenji . 
 `` i still wish you would dye that hair and look at least somewhat normal . '' 
 kenji said nothing as she left the room , though it was clear from the look in his eyes that he had been hurt . 
 `` why should you have to dye your hair ? '' 
 arthur asked in confusion once he was sure kenji 's mother was out of earshot . 
 `` most people in japan with albinism dye their hair black , '' kenji explained . 
 `` they do n't want to stand out . 
 but ... i just do n't want to . '' 
 `` i just think that 's really odd , '' said arthur . 
 `` i mean , in anime , everyone has insane hair colors . '' 
 `` anime is one thing , '' kenji said , almost sadly . 
 `` reality is another . '' 
 an awkward silence passed before arthur noticed the small device on kenji 's nightstand . 
 it was a smaller and more advanced version of the tablets the school used , and it had much better vr net access . 
 technology had developed to the point where devices that could read brainwaves and react to a user 's very thought had started coming out . 
 only some applications had full 3d vr support , but the technology was well on its way to becoming completely virtual reality . 
 `` wow . 
 may i try it ? '' 
 kenji gave his permission with a nod of his head and arthur picked up and powered on the device . 
 `` this is the newest model , '' arthur said excitedly . 
 `` and i 'm really glad you can switch the primary language to english . '' 
 kenji had to admit he was happy to see region-locking on electronics fading into the past with the continuing globalization of human society . 
 it made it much easier to get entertainment from other countries , particularly south korea and the united states . 
 but his favorites were actually the murder mystery detective shows that came out of the united kingdom . 
 he actually had his device programmed to record those shows whenever they came on . 
 `` kenji , i do n't think it 's supposed to be doing that . '' 
 snapped out of his thoughts , kenji looked over at the screen , wondering what was wrong . 
 arthur was on one of the most popular blog sites , but something was indeed wrong . 
 it looked as though ... someone was hacking into it . 
 everything was going berserk . 
 just as soon as the glitching began , it stopped . 
 instantly , a flood of angry , freaked out , and admiring reactions began flooding the comment section . 
 kenji looked annoyed . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 `` nothing ! 
 i keep a blog on this site and just wanted to check and see if anyone else commented on a post i wrote yesterday . 
 well , it was really more like an essay . 
 and i got a bunch of positive responses , too , including one that was almost as long as the original post . '' 
 `` what was the post about ? '' 
 `` what finley 's done and why i agree with a lot of his positions , especially his positions on privacy . 
 did you know he actually developed a program that will keep you completely anonymous on the web ? 
 no government or private corporation has been able to break it yet , and since finley put it up for free on a file hosting site , the download count is in the millions . '' 
 right . 
 kenji had heard that in the news somewhere . 
 `` kenji , i think this is finley , '' arthur finally said . 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 asked kenji , giving his friend a skeptical look . 
 `` it fits his mo. . 
 look here . '' 
 arthur pressed a few buttons and pointed to the screen . 
 `` this is his signature , though he left a trail this time . 
 i dunno , i guess he must be getting sloppy . 
 i just did a simple backtrack and traced the signal to where he accessed the net from . '' 
 kenji looked at the map drawn on the screen and his eyes widened . 
 `` here ? 
 in hiroshima ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' arthur said , more excited now . 
 `` we should call the police . '' 
 he was n't exactly enthused about the prospect , but what else were they supposed to do ? 
 but arthur looked uncomfortable . 
 `` are you sure that 's what we should do ? '' 
 `` it 's against the law not to , '' kenji said , unable to think of another reason . 
 `` but ca n't you see the good he 's done ? '' 
 asked arthur . 
 `` i 'm ... not wild about the idea of turning him in . '' 
 `` i 'm not either , '' kenji finally admitted . 
 `` then let 's go , '' arthur said , picking up the tablet . 
 ~ arthur and kenji made their way through the streets of hiroshima , arthur waving around kenji 's tablet like rafiki trying to get a phone signal . 
 `` arthur , could you maybe try not to stand out as much ? '' 
 kenji did n't like the idea of attracting attention to what they were doing . 
 `` what ? 
 we 're a foreigner and an albino -- i think we stand out whether or not i look like an idiot , '' said arthur with a laugh . 
 kenji could n't help but smile either . 
 in that moment he realized just how much he liked arthur . 
 he 'd had friends before , of course , but they had really been more along the lines of acquaintances and kenji just had n't been comfortable sharing his deeper feelings and secrets with them . 
 with arthur , it was different . 
 maybe it was because the american was a fish out of water like him , but arthur just had a naturally sunny personality that kenji thought just about anyone would be attracted to . 
 `` well , this is where the trail leads , '' arthur said , looking up from the map on the tablet . 
 they were standing in front of a small home just outside the downtown area . 
 it was at least sixty years old , nestled in between two larger , more modern apartment complexes . 
 the two boys looked at each other . 
 `` what do we do , just go up and knock on the door ? '' 
 `` no , '' kenji said . 
 `` for all we know , finley may have been trying to lead authorities into a trap that we could get caught in . '' 
 arthur opened his mouth to argue , but no words came out as the door opened , as if welcoming them in . 
 `` um ... '' `` we 're being welcomed in , '' kenji said , unable to hide the nervousness in his voice . 
 he took a deep breath and inched forward , arthur following him . 
 in too short a time , the two teens were standing just outside the door . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 arthur called inside . 
 he got no response . 
 `` shall we ? '' 
 asked kenji , feeling a surge of bravery and a desire to meet the infamous hacker . 
 it was a now-or-never kind of moment , and as scared as he might have been , a burning curiosity urged him onward . 
 arthur nodded . 
 `` why not ? 
 we 've come this far . '' 
 they stepped inside the house . 
 no one was in the darkened entryway , leading kenji to believe the door had been activated to open remotely . 
 visible wiring next to the door confirmed his suspicions . 
 kenji was nervous , but arthur looked almost ecstatic . 
 he had more appreciation for finley than kenji did , so the possibility of actually getting to meet his idol was undoubtedly irresistible . 
 but still , kenji was apprehensive . 
 any sane person in this situation would feel the same . 
 the two of them had just probably , willingly , walked into the house of a wanted criminal . 
 and while finley had never done anything violent before , kenji had no idea what kind of person he may be , or how he would react if confronted . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 arthur called again , beginning to search around . 
 the house was sparse but not particularly abnormal . 
 finally he came to a closed door near the back . 
 `` enter , '' a voice said from inside . 
 they did . 
 it was a bedroom . 
 large machines took up almost the entire back wall , and an old woman was sitting up in the bed near them . 
 kenji knew what the machines ' purposes were -- his mother worked at a hospital . 
 they were life support machines , which was n't exactly surprising . 
 the woman looked ancient . 
 the old woman took a deep breath and spoke . 
 `` my name is abe sachiko . 
 i have been alive since this city was destroyed and poisoned by stubbornness and hate . 
 then i saw it reborn with the rise of a new technological world . 
 and i am finley . '' 
 `` she 's well over a hundred years old , '' arthur gasped , doing the math in his head , for he was positive the event she was referring to was the atomic bombing of hiroshima in 1945 , a hundred and five years ago . 
 `` why ? 
 why did you do it ? '' 
 asked kenji , trying to figure out exactly what was going on here . 
 he knew it was stereotypical , but he would have expected finley to be a young person , perhaps even a teenager like himself . 
 older people , while they could be progressive , usually were n't as technologically savvy or as inclined towards radical change in their societies as younger people were . 
 finley , on the other hand , was both of those things . 
 `` i wanted to change things , '' she said softly . 
 `` always , always society was unfair to me . 
 and then i realized how unfair it was to others , too . 
 like you , kenji . 
 and you , arthur . 
 as individuals , we should not be beholden to our society so . 
 yes , there are times when working together toward a common goal is both good and necessary . 
 but people are not the same , and we need to think of ourselves sometimes . '' 
 both boys were confused as she spoke their names , but said nothing . 
 she had spoken truthfully and both of them knew it . 
 `` b -- but why was it so easy for us to find you ? '' 
 arthur asked . 
 `` why did the door open exactly when we got here ? '' 
 sachiko smiled , as if amused by the ways the minds of children worked . 
 `` i read your blog post , arthur , and i wanted to meet you . 
 so i led you here . 
 there is a camera that lets me see who is in front of my home . 
 i opened the door for you and you alone . '' 
 `` you hacked into my tablet ? '' 
 kenji said , a little offended and freaked out . 
 she let out a small laugh . 
 `` i apologize . 
 i should practice what i preach . 
 but before inviting you into my home and revealing who i am , i wanted to be sure of your character . 
 i wanted to know i could trust you . '' 
 `` that comment , on my blog ... '' arthur gasped , remembering the one that had been just as long and thought-out as his original post . 
 `` i 'm sure the one you 're thinking of is the one i wrote . 
 i used one of my lesser known aliases , but it was me all the same . 
 your words and passion impressed me . '' 
 `` i am such a big fan , '' arthur said , as if he did n't know what else to say . 
 `` i 'm behind you one hundred percent . '' 
 `` you 're not the only one , '' sachiko said with an appreciating smile . 
 `` but a part of me wonders if things will ever change . 
 if people will ever learn to love and respect each other . '' 
 she glanced at kenji . 
 `` and what about you ? 
 what do you feel ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 think there are some ways worth preserving , '' kenji finally said . 
 `` but forcing them on people is n't the answer . '' 
 `` change happens naturally , '' arthur added . 
 `` a lot of the time we 're not happy about it , but it 's just the way things are . '' 
 sachiko sighed , an ancient sigh of burdens being lifted . 
 `` i 'm glad to see there are young people who think not just of themselves , but of the bigger picture . 
 i am happy to have met you two boys . '' 
 `` it 's not just us , '' arthur said , trying to encourage her . 
 `` what you 've done as finley has inspired a whole bunch of young people to get active , some even at our school . '' 
 he thought to the net club , who had organized protests after finding out the dirty little secrets about businesses and the government finley had worked to expose . 
 he thought of the two girls who sat next to him who had changed the way they saw themselves as women in society . 
 `` i 'm glad , '' was all sachiko said . 
 kenji could tell she was failing fast . 
 he had seen it many times at his mother 's hospital , and at the nursing home where his ailing grandmother lived . 
 the old woman lay back down on her bed and closed her eyes . 
 her chest rose and fell with her breathing . 
 it was impossible to tell if she was dying or just drifting into a deep sleep . 
 `` we 'd better get out of here , '' arthur said , his voice shaking a little at seeing a human being die before his eyes . 
 `` i really do n't need to get arrested . '' 
 kenji nodded . 
 neither of them needed to get arrested . 
 he wondered whether or not the police would figure out this woman was actually finley , or if finley 's true identity would be something he and arthur carried to their graves . 
 either way , finley 's online activism would stop . 
 or perhaps it would n't . 
 perhaps some copycat , inspired by the ideas of this woman who had been far ahead of her time , would take up the mantle and continue her work . 
 he did n't know , but he did know he would never dye his hair black . 
 next door neighbors the wheat fields were patches of gold in the dying light of the day as the chevy pickup chugged along the two-lane highway towards sanctuary wood , indiana . 
 the driver tapped her fingers on the steering wheel to the beat of the music resonating from the speakers , classic buddy holly . 
 she had just finished a major plumbing project and was on her way into town to play her weekly game of bowling with her friends , a tradition that had , for the most part , gone unbroken since high school . 
 the evening outside was normal , quiet , and peaceful . 
 then the noise started . 
 at first , amy thought something was really wrong with her truck , so she slowed down and pulled over , turning off the engine . 
 there was no one else around for miles , but the roaring noise that filled the air had grown even louder . 
 unable to see anything out of the ordinary from the cabin , she got out of the truck , and the noise got louder still . 
 confused and a bit scared , she tilted her head to look up , brushing her long dark hair from her face and shielding her eyes with a hand . 
 something was falling from the sky . 
 something that looked like , if she did n't know any better , a ufo . 
 amy 's mind barely had time to comprehend this before the object zoomed overhead and slammed to the ground in a nearby field . 
 the impact shook the earth , and amy was forced to grip the bed of the truck with her hands to steady herself . 
 she could n't believe what was happening . 
 was this a dream ? 
 but soon smoke began to billow from the crash site , proving to her that it had indeed happened . 
 forcing air into her lungs , having forgotten to breathe due to the shock , amy looked around , struggling to decide what to do . 
 half of her wanted to jump back in the truck and drive away as quickly as possible . 
 the other half wanted to remain rooted to the spot in fear . 
 finally , a thought crossed her mind that steeled her resolve . 
 what if it was a craft that belonged to the us armed services ? 
 her father and brother had both served in the military and if she could help out a serviceman or woman in need , she would gladly do it . 
 it was a bit of a hike , and by the end of it her jeans were caked with mud up to her knees and she had several cuts on her arms from the tall green cornstalks . 
 just as the sun was beginning to dip below the horizon , she reached the crash site . 
 a large crater had been formed in the impact , and the corn around it for several yards had been flattened . 
 getting a good look at the ship , amy 's heart sank when she realized this was no wayward american aircraft . 
 it was in the shape of a sphere -- not very large , perhaps thirty feet in circumference . 
 she had never seen anything like it before , and she had a sneaking suspicion no human ever had either . 
 swallowing her fear , she bit her lip and circled the crater . 
 one side of the sphere had been blown clean off , and there were three bodies nestled within , restrained by safety belts . 
 there were three of them , two men and one woman , she thought , though she could n't be sure . 
 and they certainly were n't human . 
 they did n't look too different , though . 
 just a few ridges on and above their eyebrows seemed to be the only external difference . 
 having little idea what she was doing , she slid down the ditch into the wreckage . 
 she had no idea how to tell whether or not they were still alive , how injured they might be , or whether or not they were injured at all . 
 it did seem , however , that one of the males was indeed badly hurt . 
 bits of skin had been sliced clean off and there were several severe-looking burns visible on his body . 
 the other man , who did n't appear to be injured , though once again , she could n't tell , stirred and to amy 's horror awoke . 
 she froze , staring at the strange alien , and he stared right back , his expression stunned but impassive . 
 `` um , hello ? '' 
 she tried , only half expecting them to understand what she was saying . 
 `` i saw you crash . 
 i 'm here to help . '' 
 the man who was n't injured and the woman looked up at her , the very recognizable emotion of fear flashing in their eyes . 
 they looked away from amy and began chattering with each other in some strange alien language . 
 they seemed to be arguing , perhaps about whether or not to trust her , or maybe whether or not she 'd make a good meal . 
 in spite of her fear , amy did not back away . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 the man finally asked . 
 he seemed to have won the argument , for the woman just looked at amy in irritation . 
 this was clearly not how the mission had been supposed to go . 
 `` so you can understand me . '' 
 `` we have translation devices , '' he explained . 
 `` my team has been observing your people for quite some time . 
 i swear to you our mission is one of peaceful scientific exploration , and we have no intention of harming you or anyone else . '' 
 `` okay , '' she said dumbly , still completely floored by the situation . 
 she 'd always liked star wars but this was too much . 
 what was she supposed to do ? 
 she could n't take any of them to the hospital , it 'd spark an international incident and these poor people would become the subjects of experiments and political power plays . 
 or worse , what if they were n't poor people ? 
 what if they were the first wave in an invasion force ? 
 the man could easily have been lying to her -- trying to lull her into a false sense of security . 
 but she could n't leave them out there in the middle of a field . 
 it just was n't right . 
 `` can you carry your friend ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i have a vehicle nearby . '' 
 the man hesitated but nodded . 
 the woman grabbed three bags and slung two of them over her shoulder while carrying some sort of device in one hand and another smaller bag that looked like it might be an emergency medical kit of some kind in the other . 
 `` we 'll have to come back for our ship and the technology in it , '' the woman said as the four of them trekked through the corn field . 
 amy nodded . 
 `` i know . 
 if we ca n't fit it in the bed i can bring my flatbed trailer . '' 
 the aliens did n't seem to understand what she 'd said , but at the moment it did n't matter . 
 for the time being , she needed to get these people to her house and hide them before anyone saw . 
 `` what is your name ? '' 
 the woman finally asked after several moments of silence . 
 `` oh . 
 i 'm amy . 
 amy russell , '' she said as they reached her truck . 
 `` here , put him here . '' 
 she indicated the bed of the truck . 
 the man set his injured colleague down gently . 
 amy reached into the cab and pulled out the blanket she kept there in case of emergencies , draping it over the injured , unconscious alien in the back . 
 she really hoped she would n't get pulled over by the cops . 
 it looked like she was trying to get rid of a dead body . 
 next she pulled open the passenger door . 
 `` get in . '' 
 the man went in and took the middle seat without a word . 
 the woman looked shocked , as if amy had just said something rude to her , but the man held up a pacifying hand from inside the truck . 
 with an odd sound that was something in between a snarl and a grunt , the woman got in and sat in the passenger seat . 
 taking in a deep breath , her heart racing , amy circled the truck and climbed in on the driver 's side . 
 she started up the engine and the vehicle sped away towards her farmhouse . 
 she would have to call her friends and cancel their plans . 
 after all , something more important had come up . 
 `` you ... helped us , '' the man whispered , sounding so grateful it made amy 's heart melt . 
 it was almost as if he had n't expected her to help them . 
 `` that 's what we do in america , '' she said , knowing it was n't always true , yet it was an ideal they all lived towards . 
 `` we help our neighbors . '' 
 in a way , they were neighbors . 
 just interstellar ones . 
 amy drove on towards town . 
 does he dream like i do ? 
 north korea was ... different than it had been before . 
 i could n't have thrown a stone without striking the hundreds of propaganda posters and murals honoring their dear glorious leaders . 
 people had torn up the land in their desperation for food . 
 but perhaps most importantly , no one around me looked genuinely happy . 
 i was never sure why i ventured down from my isolated mountain to wander the land that had once been mine to watch over but was now no longer . 
 for ryong like me , dragons , the lifespan of this country , sixty years , was nothing more than a blink of an eye . 
 i once took a long , relaxing nap that lasted sixty years . 
 there were no other ryong here anymore . 
 the three others had all gone south , or north . 
 but i had stayed , because i knew these humans were no threat to me . 
 but it went beyond that . 
 it was my sacred duty to provide guidance and wisdom to the humans living on my land . 
 but ever since the rise of the human family that had taken control , any sort of faith or appreciation for the old ways had faded away . 
 now they did not respect me . 
 i do n't think any of them believed ryong even existed . 
 in my true form , i have beautiful blue scales , sharp golden eyes , and powerful horns that spiral from my head . 
 i reside on top of a sacred mountain , high above the world of man . 
 i could fly with the wind or run with the river . 
 but in this human form , i felt oddly naked . 
 my eyesight was n't as good , i was cursed with blunt teeth and claws , and i could not hear the call of the wind or the water . 
 it was no wonder these people had looked to my kind for guidance and protection for ages untold . 
 remembering how things had been before in this beautiful land , i felt a strange feeling stir in my chest . 
 i was upset . 
 there were two men on a street corner dressed in what i supposed passed for military uniforms these days , and i found that one of them deeply intrigued me . 
 he was somewhat young , but beyond that , i knew nothing . 
 did he have a family ? 
 what did he do when he went home at night ? 
 was he happy ? 
 well-fed ? 
 does he dream the same dreams i do ? 
 does he dare to dream of accomplishing something greater , of leaving some mark on the world ? 
 does he dream of someday escaping this place , or does he want nothing more than to stay ? 
 does he want desperately to change this country , or would he die to keep things as they were ? 
 i do n't think i 'm ever going to get those answers . 
 but those steeled eyes lead me to continue wondering about what might go on behind them as i walk through the streets of a country that had abandoned itself . 
 hobo zombie clacka clacka train yards were never silent , even in the middle of the night . 
 there was always a freight train carrying coal to some energy plant , or a passenger train ferrying people to whatever destiny awaited them . 
 a single figure sat alone on a pile of rail ties , doing nothing but staring off into space with dead-looking brown eyes . 
 clothing him were ragged garments that looked like they had n't been cleaned in months , including a brown overcoat and a gray long-sleeved shirt . 
 a drawstring bag bulging with unseen items was slung over one shoulder , a banjo with a strap attached to it hanging on the other . 
 he sat in perfect silence , frozen in time like a statue , as if awaiting a change in his fate that he would miss if he so much as blinked . 
 with the rumbling under his feet came the realization that yet another train was about to come through , but unlike the others that had already passed by that night , this one was going to be picking up a passenger . 
 the train slowed as it passed the depot -- a train going normal speeds no one could get onto , not even someone as skilled as sam . 
 it was a freight train , right on schedule according to the time tables he 'd managed to get his hands on . 
 large containers marked with the names of chinese and korean companies , as well as unmarked cars carrying god knew what , moved closer to him with every breath . 
 the loud horn was deafening . 
 gently , he flexed his stiff leg muscles like a sprinter about to make or break the olympic team , his breath misting in the cold night air . 
 as the train flew by , his short black hair rustled in the wind and he bolted , jogging effortlessly beside it . 
 both eyes searched for the best possible place to leap on , like a parasite sensing weaknesses in a host . 
 with one last quick breath , he clenched his muscles and pounced , a pained grunt forcing itself from his lungs as he grabbed on . 
 but he 'd made it . 
 holding his bag and banjo secure with one hand and gripping the ladder he 'd latched onto tightly with the other , he began to climb . 
 the car was open and empty , precisely the reason he 'd chosen it . 
 when the time was right , he stepped off the ladder and onto the wooden floor of the freight car . 
 wrapping his arms around his knees and getting as comfortable as possible , the man returned to complete silence and stillness as the train chugged on into the night . 
 ~ sleep was out of the question , for even dozing in the slightest could mean disaster . 
 if anyone saw him , he would either need to jump or hide . 
 getting arrested was n't exactly high on his list of priorities . 
 it was n't as though he needed to sleep anyway . 
 fortunately , he had the chilly night air and the company of his thoughts in place of sleep . 
 it was always just him and his thoughts anymore -- he had n't had another person in his life for quite some time now . 
 by the time dawn broke and the train neared the stop , he had been over the geography of the entire western united states down to the last detail in his head to keep his memory sharp . 
 boredom was quite an occupational hazard for a vagabond . 
 the train slowed again , and sam stood , preparing to depart . 
 with experienced eyes he watched the ground and waited for the best moment to make his move . 
 with some kind of sixth sense forged from experience he knew this was the slowest his ride would be going , and with a huff , he leapt . 
 his foot twisted out from under him with a sickening crack as he landed and he swore , irritated . 
 broken . 
 and it hurt like a bitch . 
 with a groan , he dragged his battered body out of sight of the rails and leaned up against a gnarled , dead tree . 
 it would heal soon enough . 
 he rested for an hour , and by that time the foot was as good as new . 
 `` nothing can keep you down for long , can it ? '' 
 he said absentmindedly to his body as he stood and stretched , flexing the bones in his leg to make sure everything had healed properly . 
 `` healed '' was n't exactly the right word for it , since there was n't really any regeneration of damaged tissue , but his body did seem to have a way of keeping him in one piece , whether he wanted it to or not . 
 what did it matter ? 
 he asked himself . 
 what was the point of living like this anymore ? 
 he had chosen to depart the train at this small town in utah , simply because he 'd never been there before . 
 in the daylight , he could see the town in the distance , and slowly began making his way towards it . 
 ~ it was a handsome little town . 
 there was a traditional main street with shops and restaurants and a small park at the end of it , with private homes and neighborhoods fanning out from there . 
 brown mountains could be seen on the horizon , but the town itself seemed to have plenty of green space . 
 a sign informed him it was called arch , with a population of approximately 400 . 
 as he wandered down the main street , he noticed out of the corner of his eye a woman -- she could n't have been older than twenty-five -- emerge from a door in an alleyway . 
 she looked tired and a bit frazzled . 
 she wore a red and white waitress uniform , allowing sam to accurately guess her profession due to a sign for bertie 's diner pasted above a nearby storefront . 
 the gold curls that made up her hair had been pulled back into a hasty ponytail under a red bandanna . 
 `` good morning , miss , '' he said casually , stopping to watch her out of curiosity . 
 the young woman sized up the stranger , undoubtedly wondering why he was staring at her with such dead eyes . 
 his pallid , grayish skin seemed to be putting her off as well , since her gaze would sometimes shift from his eyes to inspect his sickly-looking body . 
 `` good morning , '' she said , a little uneasily . 
 as sam watched her fish in her small leather purse for car keys , a feeling of sorrow broke upon his mind like a tidal wave . 
 he did n't want to live like this anymore . 
 he spread his arms , a crazed look coming over his eyes . 
 it had become too much . 
 it had always been too much . 
 he did n't care anymore . 
 he just did n't care . 
 `` i 'm a zombie , '' he declared , far more loudly than he 'd intended . 
 she did n't immediately panic , but it quickly became clear to sam that the reason was because she did n't believe him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked , her fearful expression expecting him to pull a gun on her or run off with her money . 
 sighing angrily , he reached over and touched her arm , non-aggressively , just so she could feel his skin . 
 she nearly screamed , but managed to hold the noise back in time . 
 all that escaped her lungs was a strangled cry . 
 `` you 're ... you 're freezing ! '' 
 `` nothing 's colder than when you 're dead , '' he said cryptically , doing his best to look scary . 
 it was n't as easy as it sounded . 
 `` i should get you to the hospital , '' she said , clearly concerned that this seemingly-crazed man 's body was n't the only thing that needed medical attention . 
 `` do n't bother , '' sam said with a sigh , wondering with a kind of sick amusement what a human doctor would say when a walking corpse waltzed into the emergency room . 
 `` if you do n't believe me you could try blowing my head off , but i 'm not even sure that 'll do me in . '' 
 he smiled , his face like a halloween mask . 
 he waited a second for the reaction . 
 humans were so ingenious , he was sure they could find something that would bring an end to his , well , not life . 
 this was simply the first step . 
 the first step towards annihilation , and peace . 
 what he expected and what he got , however , were n't exactly one in the same . 
 `` oh my god , that is so cool ! '' 
 she cried . 
 sam was forced to slap his hands over his ears to protect them from the grinding sound the human was making . 
 human voices always bothered him as an undead , but their screams and screeches were absolutely unbearable . 
 as soon as the searing pain evaporated , however , he was left with a sense of dread . 
 what in all the seven hells had just happened ? 
 `` you ... you ... ? '' 
 sam could barely form words in his shock . 
 `` you 're an actual zombie ? '' 
 her face was lit up like a child 's on christmas morning . 
 he cocked his head to one side , confused . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` you do look kind of dead , '' she said , looking him over once more . 
 `` what are you doing out here in the middle of utah ? '' 
 `` i rode a train in . '' 
 `` passenger trains do n't come through ... '' then she understood . 
 `` so , you 're a zombie , who rides trains around the country . '' 
 `` yes , i suppose ... '' `` you 're a hobo zombie . '' 
 she snickered at her own joke . 
 sam could n't restrain the grandfather of all groans . 
 ~ fifteen minutes later , the odd companions were sitting at a booth in a locally owned coffee shop . 
 sam had purposely selected seats in the back ; he did n't want anyone around them to hear the conversation they would be having , but if given the choice he would have preferred to be by the windows so he could watch the world go by . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i should have asked your name , '' sam said as his companion dumped an obscene amount of sugar and crème into her coffee . 
 `` oh , i 'm christie . 
 christie michaels . '' 
 `` i 'm sam . '' 
 `` just ... sam ? '' 
 `` for our purposes . '' 
 `` does caffeine not sit well with zombies ? '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 sam looked up , confused . 
 he 'd been stirring his coffee absentmindedly since they sat down but had n't drank any . 
 `` or it is because you 're already dead , you ca n't eat or drink anything ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm just hung up on you . 
 you confuse me . '' 
 he took a hesitant sip . 
 `` oh . '' 
 they sat in an awkward silence for a few moments before christie started asking questions . 
 `` you ca n't just appear in front of me and declare you 're a zombie without an explanation . 
 so , spill . 
 what are you doing here ? 
 why are you a hobo ? 
 are there other zombies ? 
 is there really going to be a zombie apocalypse coming soon ? '' 
 `` why is everybody so hung up on a zombie apocalypse ? '' 
 sam muttered in annoyance . 
 he could n't even stomach zombie movies anymore and would move in the opposite direction when one came anywhere near him , much in the same way a trained physician might flinch away from inaccurate medical dramas on primetime tv . 
 he looked up from his coffee to see christie still sitting there expectantly , waiting for an answer , so he responded in a deadpan , `` no , there 's not going to be a zombie apocalypse . '' 
 she seemed a little disappointed by that , so she asked , `` if zombies are n't around to cause a zombie apocalypse , then what do you do ? '' 
 sam slumped his shoulders and exhaled deeply , wondering what he 'd gotten himself into and what exactly he should tell her . 
 finally , he said , `` i suppose i do owe you an explanation after leaping out in front of you and screaming ` i 'm a zombie ! ' 
 like some kind of crazy flasher . '' 
 she leaned in , rested her chin on her hands , and looked up at her companion expectantly . 
 so he continued . 
 `` i do n't know if you know this , but the term zombie originally comes from voodoo , or vodun , as some like to call it , which originated in west africa and came over to north america with the slave trade . 
 in voodoo terms , a zombie is simply a reanimated corpse brought back from the dead and commanded by a necromancer . 
 that is n't the whole story , but it 's a better starting point than the slew of horror films that have come out in the last few decades . 
 `` the thing is , zombies are indeed controlled by a single individual . 
 so i guess you could call him or her a necromancer , but that necromancer is actually a zombie themselves . '' 
 `` so there 's one zombie out there that controls all other zombies . '' 
 sam nodded . 
 `` precisely . 
 that zombie lord , as we 'll call him for our purposes , has the power to reanimate corpses to create other zombies . 
 he has complete power over how they come back -- he could just as easily bring them back with all the intelligence and personality they had when they were alive as he could bring them back a mindless , slobbering piece of cannon fodder . '' 
 `` you seem pretty normal . '' 
 `` that 's because i was brought back with all memories of my previous life . 
 i 'm exactly as i was . '' 
 `` how could you know that ? 
 if something was missing , how would you know ? '' 
 `` normally i would n't , but i had it ... confirmed . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 sam took a deep breath and grazed the surface of a memory ... ~ she was screaming , and hearing the pain in her cries was worse than the agony in sam 's ears from the ringing human voice . 
 `` monster ! '' 
 sam 's prized violin thumped against his shoulder before falling to the floor and shattering , but sam did n't feel the pain . 
 ~ `` after i was revived , i tried to go right back to my previous life , as if nothing had ever happened . 
 my wife did n't seem to think there was anything wrong for a while , but then she realized i really was dead and , well , that ended about how you would expect . 
 i never tried to contact her again . '' 
 `` sam , i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` do n't be . 
 that was so long ago i 've even forgotten her name . '' 
 there was silence as christie allowed all the information she 'd just been given to sink in . 
 sam could tell his purposefully abridged story had made her sad from the look etched across her face , so he spoke up . 
 `` so , my turn to ask the questions . 
 why are you so interested in zombies ? '' 
 `` i like being scared , '' she said with a shrug . 
 he grinned . 
 `` sorry reality has disappointed you . '' 
 `` actually , this is more interesting than night of the living dead could ever be . '' 
 she looked up at him , her face suddenly serious . 
 `` but why are you a nomad , if there are other zombies out there ? '' 
 `` let 's just say i got on someone 's bad side that i should n't have , '' he muttered . 
 christie glanced away . 
 `` i guess you 're not very happy , since you seemed pretty hell-bent on me finding some way to kill you . '' 
 `` at first it was nice to be free of responsibility , living on no one 's schedule but my own . 
 but not knowing where you 're going to sleep tomorrow night , or where you 're going to be the next day , can get hard after a while . 
 having a home to go back to is ... '' he trailed off , staring intensely at his coffee mug . 
 her expression darkened a bit . 
 `` it seems neither of us has much of a place to go back to . 
 do you need anything ? 
 any help ? '' 
 he sighed deeply . 
 `` i appreciate the offer , but i 'm doing okay . 
 i do n't think there 's much you could do anyway . '' 
 christie changed the subject . 
 `` those cherry danishes look delicious . 
 want one ? 
 or wait , do n't tell me you eat brains . '' 
 that he laughed at . 
 `` no . 
 i can eat whatever i want . 
 a cherry danish sounds good . '' 
 ~ nearly half an hour later the two of them exited the cafe and started walking down the sidewalk , going nowhere in particular . 
 sam had coaxed christie back into talking about herself , something she was more than happy to do , it seemed . 
 she rambled on and on about her older brother and how it was so cool that he 'd gotten into stanford , especially when his grades had sucked up until high school . 
 she told him about her numerous `` fandoms , '' most of which sam had absolutely no clue what she was talking about , though he could have sworn he heard `` my little pony '' in there . 
 she mentioned her parents briefly , and from what sam could gather she had no real desire to go back home to them , though she did n't go into detail . 
 her monologue must have gone on for well over fifteen minutes , but sam found himself not minding in the least . 
 it was good to talk to someone again , even if he was on the receiving end of the conversation . 
 they entered the park , which was rather deserted since adults were at work and children were at school during that time of day . 
 one second , a man was walking towards them on the cement path , just like a few others who 'd passed them earlier . 
 the next , he lunged at christie like a rabid animal , aiming right for her neck . 
 christie did not scream . 
 she tensed up , forgetting to breathe , and fell backwards , trying to get away . 
 sam leapt forward immediately , pulling his banjo off his shoulder and slamming it violently into the attacking zombie 's head . 
 one , two , three times , and the zombie lay still , gray mush seeping from its destroyed skull . 
 `` what the hell was that ? '' 
 christie stammered as she struggled to her feet . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 sam sounded just as confused as she did . 
 `` it should n't be here , in the middle of town ... '' `` did your mysterious zombie lord send it after you ? '' 
 her voice and body were shaking so hard sam was surprised he could understand what she was saying . 
 `` you need to go , christie . 
 forget you ever met me . 
 you should be safe if you just go home and forget this ever happened . '' 
 `` sam , there is no way i can forget about this . '' 
 `` you have no idea what you 're getting yourself into . 
 if i had n't been here you would have been killed . 
 you do n't stand a chance against a horde of undead by yourself . 
 please , just listen to me . 
 i do n't want you to get hurt . '' 
 `` you 're trying to be some kind of hero , are n't you ? 
 is that it ? '' 
 `` that is n't ... '' `` ` this is my fight , i have to do this alone , '' ' she mimicked him mockingly . 
 `` sam , just because i 'm a bit bubbly does n't mean i 'm an idiot . 
 you 're completely alone . 
 do n't you think you could use some help , some companionship ? '' 
 `` christie ... '' he was losing his patience . 
 `` are n't you tired of being alone ? '' 
 she tried desperately . 
 her words pierced sam 's chest like a thrown javelin . 
 the loneliness clawing at his chest cavity like a ravenous beast had gotten more and more persistent as the years had worn on . 
 just because he was undead did n't mean his human emotions and instincts had gone away . 
 the road he would be taking was dangerous , but maybe facing it with someone else would make it a bit more bearable . 
 in that moment , he hated himself for his selfishness . 
 for agreeing to take this girl into danger just because he felt lonely . 
 `` all right . '' 
 he gave in . 
 `` i ca n't stop you . '' 
 ~ after having to explain to a still somewhat hysterical christie that his banjo doubled as a weapon and was thus made of more durable materials than your run-of-the-mill hobo 's instrument -lrb- he 'd made it himself -rrb- and finally coming to terms with the fact that she was bringing her handgun along in case she needed to shoot him , the odd pair found themselves cruising along a two-lane highway through utah in christie 's old beat up chevy , with a shotgun in the back for good measure . 
 sam had wanted to leave arch as soon as possible in light of the attack , and she had been more than inclined to agree . 
 `` do you want to tell me what that zombie was doing in the middle of arch ? '' 
 she asked after they 'd been driving a good half an hour . 
 she 'd taken a minute before they left arch to change into a cream-colored sweater and blue jeans and pack a few things in a duffel bag that was now slumped in the truck . 
 she sat in the driver 's seat with her foot pressed against the gas pedal , going a little too fast for sam 's comfort , tapping her index finger wildly on the steering wheel as if to let out pent-up energy . 
 `` i have an idea , but i do n't know for sure . '' 
 sam said nothing more , so christie sighed and said , `` at least tell me which way we 're going . '' 
 `` honestly , go in whichever direction you want to . 
 i do n't care , '' sam said , and before christie could get anything else out of him , he drifted off to nap . 
 once he was passed out and snoring softly , she realized for the first time that he did n't stink , in spite of being dead . 
 he had an unusual odor , that was for sure , but certainly nothing as drastic as she 'd been expecting , which led her to the conclusion that it was magic , or whatever , that kept his body from decaying . 
 she drove as long as her gas held out , which happened to coincide with them stumbling across a small oasis that included a gas station , a diner , and a cheap motel . 
 knowing there was n't anything else for miles , christie made the executive decision to stop for the night , and sam , at her mercy , was in no position to argue . 
 after fueling up and grabbing snacks for the road at the gas station , they made their way over to the motel for a room . 
 there was only one other room occupied , and sam swore the guy in it was cooking meth after seeing suspicious equipment in the back of his car , so sam told christie to make double sure to get a room on the other side of the building . 
 then the subject of sleeping arrangements arose , since sam had no money and christie did n't have enough for two rooms , even for one night . 
 `` i do n't know how comfortable i 'd be sharing a room with you ... '' she was saying . 
 `` no , it 's fine . 
 i 'll sleep in the truck . '' 
 sam found the idea of them sharing a room actually rather uncomfortable himself . 
 `` you sure ? 
 i do n't know how okay ... '' `` i 'm used to sleeping outside , '' sam said with a convincing smile . 
 `` i prefer it , actually . '' 
 `` well , all right . 
 if you need anything , call my cell ... wait , do you have a cell phone ? '' 
 sam shook his head . 
 `` never needed one . '' 
 `` in that case , throw rocks at the window , '' she said with a laugh . 
 `` i 'm in 212 , just try not to break the glass . '' 
 `` understood . '' 
 the sun was setting , so sam suggested they part ways . 
 christie had had a long day , and sam needed time to himself . 
 being around christie had been nice , but it was also a sensory overload for a zombie who had n't had much contact for years at a time . 
 sam made a nest out of blankets christie kept in the back of her truck and stretched along the bed . 
 as the sun sank and the stars emerged , he discovered there was n't much light pollution in the desert , and he could see the milky way . 
 his troubles always seemed smaller when he stared up at the infinity of the universe . 
 it took an hour before he drifted off , but it was a restless sleep that brought no real comfort . 
 sometime in the middle of the night a scraping noise woke him , just the slightest noise , but in his experience sam knew never to dismiss an unfamiliar sound . 
 at first he thought it might be the manager of the nearby diner leaving for the night , or maybe it was the meth guy sneaking out with a batch to sell to some poor sap . 
 but when he heard footsteps , this time right beside the truck , he leapt up , banjo in hand , ready for a fight . 
 `` woah , man , calm down . 
 it 's me . '' 
 sam squinted in the dim light . 
 he knew that voice . 
 `` burgh ? 
 is that really you ? '' 
 `` sam . 
 thank god i found you . '' 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 the other zombie fixed him with an expression that oozed sarcasm . 
 `` you seriously ask me that ? 
 you know damn well . '' 
 `` why would he send you and not just more of his mindless legions ? '' 
 `` i convinced him after the last five attempts failed . 
 i 'm one of the last intellectuals , right ? 
 i think he trusts me , mostly because he knows i ca n't say no . '' 
 `` how did you find me ? '' 
 `` it was n't easy , '' burgh said . 
 `` but i 've been on your trail the last few days and finally caught up . '' 
 `` things really that bad ? '' 
 `` of course they 're really that bad ! 
 we want you back , sam . 
 right now , you 're the only one who can stop him . '' 
 `` you think i do n't know that ? '' 
 sam snapped . 
 `` i may be the only one who can kill him , but that does n't mean i will ! 
 he 's strong , burgh ! 
 i lost once already , what makes you think i 'll win this time ? '' 
 `` you have to try . 
 please , i 'm begging you as a friend . 
 you ca n't let this go on any longer . '' 
 `` i want to , burgh . 
 i really want to , '' sam said , his voice cracking and no higher than a whisper . 
 `` it 's just ... it 's just so hard , you know ? '' 
 `` i know . 
 but you have to , please . 
 he 's ruining us , and he 's meaner than a slave driver . 
 i need to get back and make sure he is n't picking on marshall . 
 poor guy wo n't be able to handle much more . '' 
 `` who 's marshall ? '' 
 `` new guy . 
 revived after you left , so he does n't remember how things used to be . '' 
 `` you 're gon na go back to him ? 
 he 's not going to be happy that you failed . '' 
 burgh shrugged . 
 `` i 'll tell him i could n't find you . 
 it would n't be the first time . 
 but he 's getting impatient . 
 he 's starting to not care if the army is seen by people . '' 
 `` i noticed , '' sam murmured , remembering their little incident in the park earlier . 
 `` believe me , there 's going to be more of that if you do n't kill him , or at least fight him off . '' 
 `` i should n't have shot down her notion of a zombie apocalypse so easily then , '' sam said humorlessly . 
 burgh ignored sam 's comment . 
 `` just do something sam , please . 
 i 'll see you soon , hopefully . '' 
 with that , burgh vanished into the shadows , leaving sam to wallow in a decision that had no easy answers . 
 ~ christie came out at half past ten the next morning . 
 sam had never fallen back asleep , so he 'd laid there until his tagalong guest saw fit to show her face . 
 in light of not having eaten the previous night , she 'd stuffed herself on the motel 's free breakfast buffet and appeared ready to hit the road again . 
 after an awkward greeting , they both climbed into the truck and started off again , though the atmosphere in the cab was suffocating . 
 sam felt as if he were being held emotionally hostage , so he finally gave in and broke the silence . 
 `` you obviously have a flood of questions so go ahead , ask away . '' 
 `` so you 're finally going to be forthcoming . 
 well , i guess i 'll start with the zombie in the park . 
 it tried to kill me , i think i deserve an answer about where it came from . '' 
 `` the answer to your question ties into a much larger explanation , so please be patient , i 'll get around to it . 
 i need to go in the opposite direction of wyoming , '' sam finally said . 
 `` wyoming ? '' 
 he hesitated , before tearing down the final mental barrier . 
 `` that 's where the rest of the zombies are . 
 we call them an ` army . '' ' 
 christie clenched the steering wheel tighter . 
 chilling with a nice zombie like sam was one thing , but driving right into the nest was something else entirely . 
 she felt afraid . 
 `` and they 're controlled by this mysterious zombie lord you 're on the run from ? '' 
 `` i think you 're a little confused , and it 's my fault . 
 i did n't tell you the whole truth . 
 i am a zombie lord . '' 
 `` so you were n't just brought back with yourself intact , you 've been that way all along . 
 then why are you on the run ? '' 
 `` because ... how do i explain this ... we do n't know a whole lot about why this is , only that it just happens . 
 have n't you been wondering where these ` zombie lords ' come from ? '' 
 `` it did cross my mind . '' 
 `` i guess it 's in order to give the species ` new blood , ' but every once in a while , a person revives just as they were , in spite of how under all other circumstances the zombie lord is able to control how much intelligence a new zombie has . 
 in other words , he or she is completely free from the influence of the zombie lord . 
 that zombie , therefore , is equipped with the power to overthrow the previous zombie lord and become leader themselves . 
 they also have the ability to create new zombies as well . 
 once again , it 's a magic thing we do n't fully understand , though there are some rather amusing stories that supposedly explain it . '' 
 `` sort of like lion prides . 
 when a stronger male comes along , he can usurp the previous pride leader and take over . '' 
 `` kind of . 
 if the usurper is successful , he or she takes command of the army and gains the power to control them while the usurped loses that power . 
 in most cases , since the former leader is always a threat , they are killed , either during the fight or after . '' 
 `` so wait , how exactly do you revive the dead ? '' 
 `` do you really want to know ? '' 
 sam asked with a mischievous grin . 
 `` i think i can handle it , '' christie said , accepting the challenge . 
 `` hold on a second . '' 
 sam reached down and picked up his banjo . 
 `` i can do it without the banjo , but honestly i find it enjoyable to play . '' 
 he started strumming the strings , and a lovely sound infused with the spirit of the country filled the cabin . 
 christie started nodding her head gently to the familiar tune of `` oh susanna , '' but her contentment was shattered when sam opened his mouth and began singing . 
 it was like nails on a chalkboard only ten times worse . 
 the atrocious sound stopped just as quickly as it began , because sam had been fully aware of how bad his singing would sound to christie 's human ears . 
 `` if there had been any corpses within a few yards of me , they would have come back as undead . 
 it 's crazy when you do it in the middle of a graveyard . '' 
 he glanced over his shoulder at the road behind them , just to make sure there had n't been any accidental creations . 
 `` no offense , but your singing voice is ... awful . '' 
 she shuddered , trying to get that sound out of her head . 
 `` well , human voices hurt my ears too , so we 're even , '' he responded . 
 christie began pondering her friend 's words and sam wondered whether it had been a good idea to tell her . 
 he supposed it was too late now ; he 'd long passed the point of no return . 
 he had gotten her into this by showing up in front of a zombie-crazed geek , and he was going to keep her safe for the remainder of the time she was with him . 
 that was all there was to it . 
 but christie did n't seem happy that they were running away . 
 `` sam , you have to go back . 
 take back what was stolen from you . '' 
 sam took a deep breath , unsure how to respond . 
 `` have you ever had someone completely in your power , christie ? 
 who has to do anything you tell them , without question ? 
 have you ever wondered what that might be like ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 no . '' 
 `` when i was first revived , and it sank in what i was , i reveled in it . 
 i was like a king in a castle with servants that were magically bound to me . 
 but as time wore on , a few years or so , the horror of what i was doing sank in . 
 it hit me in the face one day when one of my intellectuals got angry and stormed off when i demanded something of him , i do n't even remember what it was now . 
 he was so terrified he was going to die for disobeying me , but instead something inside me just snapped and i went over to his tent and bawled for like an hour . 
 he was shocked , but eventually tried to comfort me . 
 that was burgh , who showed up last night begging me to go back , and he 's been a close friend ever since . '' 
 `` so what happened afterwards ? '' 
 christie asked , mesmerized by her companion 's story . 
 sam shrugged . 
 `` i changed . 
 i stopped reviving new zombies and grew closer to the ones that were already there . 
 all we had was each other , since none of us could return to our old lives , so we sort of became a surrogate family . '' 
 `` what about the guy before you ? 
 did n't you have to kill him to take his position ? '' 
 `` i did , but not in the way you would think . 
 he ... asked me to . '' 
 ~ sam was sitting on a rock , staring off into space and whistling through dry , peeling lips . 
 `` i swear all zombie lords have a penchant for music in one way or another , '' bill said in a thick american country accent as he walked up the side of the slope . 
 he was of mid-height and well-built , in spite of his sickly gray skin identifying him as a zombie . 
 before becoming a zombie , he had been a concert percussionist , as his thick arm muscles could attest to . 
 `` well , it 'd be nice to have an instrument , '' sam said , tensing up as soon as he heard the voice . 
 he looked up at his leader , an odd mixture of defiance and surrender in his eyes . 
 `` you know as well as i do that 's not a good idea . 
 that 's one of our rules . 
 revive even one zombie and you 're done for . '' 
 `` i know , '' sam said , softly and sadly . 
 `` hey sam , i was meaning to talk to you about something , but not around the others . '' 
 sam glanced up . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` tomorrow morning , i want you to challenge me for the leadership . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 sam 's voice quivered in fear and confusion . 
 `` i knew this was n't going to work out from the start . 
 there just ca n't be two zombie lords . 
 we 're constantly on edge around each other and a fight 's going to happen sooner or later . 
 if you do n't snap first then i will . 
 let 's just get it over with now . '' 
 `` but i ca n't ... '' `` do n't be a ninny . 
 if you do n't fight back , then i 'll kill you myself . '' 
 sam 's independence in the midst of servitude flared up . 
 `` you 're on . '' 
 ~ `` he gave me a fair chance . 
 i did n't want to -- i was frightened . 
 but i fought back , and i won . '' 
 christie sat back in the driver 's seat as she absorbed this information . 
 `` and then there 's the elephant in the room . 
 why are you on the run ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` as you 've already figured out , i was overthrown myself , '' sam said , his voice tinged with sadness . 
 `` but how are you still alive ? 
 if this guy is as terrible as you 're implying he is , why did n't he just kill you after you 'd lost ? '' 
 `` he was going to , but ... '' he explained as he fell into that horrible night once again . 
 ~ it was the night of a full moon , ironically enough . 
 sam , dragging a limp leg behind him , stumbled across the railroad tracks , struggling not to make noise and attract his pursuers to him . 
 `` you 're trying to run away ? '' 
 a voice mocked from the shadows that coiled around him . 
 `` you 're pathetic , you ca n't even face death with dignity . '' 
 `` i 'm not going to die ! '' 
 sam roared back . 
 in any other circumstance , he would have laughed . 
 of course he was already dead , but at that point , he was just too scared . 
 a laugh as cold as the freezing winds reached sam 's ears . 
 `` bring him to me . '' 
 in a scene from a perfect horror movie , zombies stumbled out of the darkness , their target now in sight . 
 there was only one thing they could do to the man who had once been their benevolent benefactor . 
 take him to their new master for execution . 
 the sound of a train horn blasted into existence like a salvation herald from heaven itself . 
 sam chanced a glace to the side , seeing the telltale light in the distance . 
 maybe , just maybe . 
 as the zombies closed in , he reached out and grabbed blindly at anything that could hold him . 
 the inertia almost ripped his arm off , but thankfully the magic binding his undead body held it together . 
 the train barreled on through the night , unknowing of what it had interrupted . 
 ~ `` you 've had a pretty shitty unlife , sam , '' christie commented as he finished his story . 
 `` tell me about it . '' 
 there was a long pause before christie finally spoke again . 
 `` i wo n't turn the car around unless you say so , '' she said . 
 `` but i really think we need to . '' 
 he glanced at her , images of the friends he 'd left behind flashing through his mind . 
 she was right . 
 he could n't just abandon them . 
 `` i should 've gone back a long time ago , '' he confessed . 
 `` but i was afraid . 
 i. . . 
 i miss them , and i want somewhere to go back to , y ' know ? '' 
 he took a deep breath , contemplating his decision one more time . 
 finally , he said , `` drive to wyoming . '' 
 christie complied . 
 ~ the drive across the american west was long and boring , so sam found himself subject to christie 's attempts to keep herself awake and the mood light by talking about anything and everything . 
 and he wished he were exaggerating . 
 congress should have hired her as a professional filibusterer . 
 she went on and on for hours , from her collection of zombie movies and memorabilia to how she 'd cried when the harry potter series had ended , to the great time she 'd had at anime salt lake last year . 
 `` i love indiana jones , '' was all sam could offer to the conversation overloaded with geek . 
 `` can you play the indy theme on your banjo ? '' 
 she joked excitedly . 
 he grinned . 
 `` of course . 
 i 've had nothing better to do since i 've been on the run . '' 
 he propped the banjo up on his knees and began playing the theme song perfectly . 
 `` wow . 
 you 've had a lot of practice , '' she said when he finished . 
 `` when did you see the films , though ? 
 i thought you 've been , y ' know , a hobo for a while . '' 
 `` i snuck into the theater in 1981 . 
 to see raiders of the lost ark. . 
 i loved it , so i had to see the others . '' 
 `` that 's funny . 
 a hobo sneaking into movie theaters . '' 
 `` hey , things get boring without entertainment . 
 there 's a reason i made this banjo and a reason i 'm really damn good at playing it . '' 
 the conversation rattled on until sam brought their playful banter to a screeching halt . 
 `` hey , christie , we 're here . 
 slow down , take a right here , but do n't go in yet . '' 
 they 'd been driving down a two-lane country road with barren scrublands on either side for the last three hours . 
 where he 'd told her to pull over was a dirt road that looked like it had n't been used in years . 
 a barbed wire fence stretched for miles around the property , and a metal gate blocked their path . 
 it was shut tight with chain and locked with a rusty padlock . 
 `` this is it ? '' 
 christie asked , surveying the location through her dirty windshield . 
 `` there 's nothing here . '' 
 `` there is . 
 it 's just out a little farther . 
 we ca n't have our little encampment visible from the road , now can we ? '' 
 `` are there buildings out there , or what ? 
 does someone actually own this land ? '' 
 `` i do n't know who actually owns it , but they have n't been around , so it does n't really matter . 
 and they are n't buildings , they 're tents . '' 
 `` you guys live in a bunch of tents out in the middle of nowhere ? '' 
 `` pretty much . 
 it 's not like we want to draw attention , and if we ever needed to pack up it 's easier to do it with tents . 
 we 're somewhat nomadic . 
 we find a place that does n't look like anyone 's going to come by for a while and set up camp . 
 if someone shows up , we leave . '' 
 `` how many of you are there ? '' 
 he thought for a moment . 
 `` when i left , about eighty . 
 i do n't know now , since i 'm sure hobson killed a few and created some new ones . '' 
 `` hobson 's his name ? '' 
 `` that 's what he goes by . '' 
 `` you 're going to kill him ? 
 can you ? '' 
 `` actually , i 'm the only one who can . 
 that 's why burgh came to me . '' 
 `` so , only a zombie lord can kill another zombie lord . '' 
 `` yeah , since normal zombies could n't do it unless the lord was suicidal for some reason . 
 it involves destroying their body so thoroughly they ca n't regenerate . 
 so most fights between zombie lords begin with trying to get the other guy as injured and unable to fight back as possible before you start ripping him apart . '' 
 `` so do you have a plan ? '' 
 she knew she was about to witness something that would be either terrifying or amazing , or possibly both , and the zombie geek in her did n't want to miss it for the world . 
 he exhaled through his nose and leaned back into his seat , thinking . 
 `` i 'd like to find burgh and sharon before i decide to go in . '' 
 `` but hobson 's controlling them , right ? 
 what makes you think you can trust them ? '' 
 `` i wo n't be able to trust them for long , '' he admitted , `` because the second hobson finds out i 'm here , he 'll turn them against me . 
 but until then , i have to make sure they 're all right . 
 they , and the others , are ultimately the reason i 'm here . 
 i ran for so long , but i ca n't just abandon them . 
 one way or the other , i 'm going to end this . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid all i have in this truck is a shotgun i inherited from my dad , and the ammo 's limited , '' christie said . 
 `` and the handgun , of course . 
 but i 'm in , sam . 
 i 'll help you in any way i can . '' 
 `` christie , i. . . 
 wonder if you should n't stay here . 
 or better yet , leave and go back to arch . 
 i 'm truly grateful for the ride , and for the company , but this is n't going to be pretty . 
 there 's going to be ooze and death and the good guy might not win . 
 i. . . 
 do n't want you to see that . '' 
 `` for once in my life , let me do something worthwhile , please . '' 
 she was pleading . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` look at me , sam . 
 i 'm working a dead-end job , i have nothing to look forward to in life . 
 i go about my life day in and day out , fantasizing about being a hero in some story . 
 you rolled in on a train and changed all that . '' 
 `` what about your family ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 love them , but i just ca n't stand being around them , you know ? 
 i have n't been back to salt lake to see them in years . 
 please , sam . 
 just let me see this through to the end . '' 
 she removed the shotgun from under the seat and looked him right in the eye . 
 `` i 'm a pretty damn good shot . '' 
 he smiled at her , a grateful , genuine smile . 
 `` thanks , christie . '' 
 ~ it took about another fifteen minutes of driving through empty spaces after christie broke the rusty lock on the gate with the wire cutters she just so happened to have in her glove compartment . 
 -lrb- `` do n't ask , '' she 'd said . -rrb- 
 sam began to get concerned that someone would see the dust trail kicked up by christie 's truck , but since they had n't been surrounded by hordes of zombies yet , he was going to take that as a good sign . 
 finally , sam told her to stop and park . 
 they would have to go the rest of the way on foot . 
 it was a hike , but neither of them complained , or said anything , for that matter . 
 they finally came to an embankment that led down to a small valley , and decorating that entire valley were brown canvas tents that blended well into the dry surroundings , at least four dozen , probably more . 
 christie and sam crouched down behind a rock at the top of the embankment . 
 `` there 're so many , and they all look exactly the same ... '' sam glanced around , absorbing as many details of the terrain as he could . 
 `` it 's a bit of a gamble , but if they 're in the same place they were before ... '' he paused . 
 `` stay here , christie . 
 i 'm going to slip in and see if i can find them . 
 if anything comes after you , shoot it and run . '' 
 christie clutched the shotgun in her hands . 
 that , she knew how to do . 
 once that was said , sam leapt down off the rock and moved quickly around the outskirts of the camp , looking for the best places to sneak in without being seen . 
 he was methodical in his search , taking in every possible entrance , every movement . 
 every once in a while he saw a zombie stumbling around on routine patrol , but for the most part the entire army was in the tents and rather quiet . 
 he hoped this was n't all a trap ; that hobson had n't caught burgh in a lie and made him tell the truth . 
 if that were the case , the whole camp would be in an uproar the second sam was spotted . 
 but it was n't as if the army would be active without reason , so it was entirely possible they were all just sitting around , waiting for an order from their master . 
 he chose to believe it was the latter , but the nagging feeling that this was too easy would n't leave the back of his mind . 
 the tents all looked the same , and they were in a different formation than they 'd been the last time sam had seen them . 
 but he had a good guess as to which one was burgh 's . 
 burgh got bored easily : it seemed the other zombie had taken to using the exterior of his tent as a makeshift canvas , and it was decorated with everything from landscapes of the wyoming plateaus to portraits of the starry night skies . 
 `` thanks for making it easy on me , '' he whispered gratefully under his breath . 
 he stood by the front flap for a moment , listening intently for any sign this might be a trap . 
 once he was convinced it was only sharon and burgh inside , he took the risk and slid in . 
 the interior of the tent was roomy but spartan , with a couple of cots and a table . 
 but sam was n't paying attention to any of that . 
 his focus was on the two zombies sitting inside . 
 one was burgh , the other was a woman with long copper hair . 
 the second they saw who had entered , they stood up , stunned but happy . 
 `` sam . 
 you came . '' 
 burgh choked up in emotion . 
 `` good to see you again , '' sharon said with a welcoming smile . 
 she 'd been ruggedly beautiful , befitting for a pure western cowgirl , before sam had revived her after finding her thrown from a horse and dying . 
 being undead had n't done much to change that . 
 `` i 've missed you guys too , '' sam said , struggling to control himself . 
 normally he did n't mind showing emotion , but it was far from the best time . 
 he could be found any second , making this reunion all the more fleeting , and beautiful . 
 `` burgh managed to convince me . 
 i 'm back . '' 
 `` from your hobo ways ? '' 
 sharon said with a laugh . 
 `` let me tell you , they would n't shut up about you leaping onto a train to escape . 
 hobson was starting to get really pissed off . '' 
 `` yes , the nickname seems to have stuck , '' sam said with a somewhat exasperated sigh . 
 `` let 's get down to business . 
 what 's your plan , and how can we help ? '' 
 sharon said , her eyes sparkling in excitement . 
 `` i honestly do n't have much of one , and if i did i could n't tell you , '' sam said . 
 there was still a very real possibility this might be a ruse . 
 since zombies had n't swarmed him yet , sam had to consider the possibility that hobson was using burgh and sharon to gather information and make sam think he was winning before turning the tables . 
 hobson always did like to play with people like that . 
 that was why sam had been careful not to mention christie , or any specifics of what he was planning . 
 sharon opened her mouth to comment , but was cut off as another frantic-looking zombie sam did n't recognize burst into the tent . 
 `` what is it , marshall ? '' 
 burgh said , rising to his feet in alarm . 
 ah , so this was the marshall burgh mentioned back in the parking lot , sam thought absently . 
 marshall looked at sam in surprise before spilling the information he possessed to burgh . 
 `` hobson knows sam 's here ! '' 
 he cried . 
 `` i heard a human 's cries too . '' 
 `` christie ! '' 
 sam cried , forgetting to keep his voice down and his promise not to mention her . 
 `` sam , go , '' sharon said , her voice strangled with urgency . 
 `` now that hobson knows you 're here , the second he gives us actual orders to attack ... '' `` try to hold out just a little while longer , '' sam told his friends , his resolve steeling . 
 `` i 'll challenge hobson . '' 
 `` damn , i know i told you to come , '' burgh said , running a shaking hand through his hair , `` but now i 'm terrified you 'll lose . '' 
 `` hey , '' sam said with an encouraging smile . 
 `` i could win this . '' 
 `` oh , stop flattering yourself , '' sharon said , her words harsh but her tone warm and joking . 
 `` go . '' 
 sam slipped out of the tent and bolted for freedom , not being as careful as before . 
 just as he neared the edge of the last row of tents , he saw a mindless drone out of the corner of his eye and for a split second thought he 'd been seen . 
 instinctively , he ducked behind the nearest thing he could find , a rain barrel , and hid himself the best he could . 
 if he still had a heart that worked , he might have suffered a heart attack on the spot as he sat there and listened . 
 to his immense annoyance , the indiana jones theme song started playing in his head at his `` heroics . '' 
 nothing happened , and when he finally gathered up the courage to look again , the drone had moved on to the next section of tents . 
 seizing the opening , sam ran like mad up the incline , stopping at the top to let his undead body rest . 
 he had n't exercised like that in a while ; he did n't want anything falling off . 
 but once he was good , he made his way back to where christie was waiting for him . 
 `` christie ? '' 
 she was n't there . 
 shitohshitohshitohshit . 
 `` christie ! '' 
 he cried . 
 still nothing . 
 she was gone . 
 ~ christie was dragged into one of the tents by two hulking zombies she swore had been bodybuilders when alive . 
 this made struggling rather futile . 
 they 'd taken her shotgun , much to her annoyance , even though she 'd managed to blow the head off one of the zombies . 
 a small victory , she supposed ; she was pretty sure she 'd killed it . 
 inside the tent , a balding zombie man stood with his hands clasped behind his back , flanked by two zombies that looked like they had no idea what was going on . 
 christie was dropped unceremoniously in front of him . 
 `` you can go , '' the zombie -- christie assumed this had to be hobson -- said to the other zombies in the tent . 
 once they were alone , he continued . 
 `` so . 
 sam brought a companion for his triumphant return , i see . '' 
 `` yeah , well , i guess he was just sick of being a hobo , '' christie said . 
 hobson raised an eyebrow at the comment but did not respond . 
 instead , he said , `` and what is your name , my dear ? '' 
 `` christie . '' 
 she did n't bother giving him her last name ; she doubted he even cared . 
 `` i ca n't say i 've seen much of the human world since i was brought back , '' he said conversationally . 
 `` can you tell me if the economy 's gotten any better ? '' 
 she was thrown off by his question , but responded , `` slowly but surely . 
 why do you want to know ? '' 
 `` oh , i used to have an interest in that sort of thing . 
 old habits die hard , i guess . 
 some days i wonder what happened to my investments after i died . 
 i suppose it does n't matter now . 
 you , on the other hand , are a more pressing issue . '' 
 `` i 've done nothing to you , '' she said . 
 `` and i 'm no threat . '' 
 `` you may not have done anything yet , but you most certainly are a threat . 
 coming here with a former zombie lord who has the power to kill me ... most zombie lords would n't take such occurrences lightly . '' 
 `` you usurped sam and tried to kill him ! '' 
 `` that i did . 
 but that 's the way of things , girl . 
 do n't talk as if you know us . '' 
 `` i know you must be a pretty shitty king if your subjects run off in the middle of the night to get help to overthrow you ! '' 
 a stray thought crossed her mind that this whole situation was reminiscent of the lion king , and she almost laughed . 
 `` i figured that was what burgh was up to . 
 he was supposed to bring sam back to me , but he found a loophole in my orders . 
 that 's the problem with intellectuals . 
 they 're able to reason and therefore think around what you say . 
 i suppose it was n't a bad thing , though . 
 now that i know where sam is and what his plans are , i have an advantage . '' 
 `` you get off on having people in your power , do n't you . '' 
 it was an observation , not a question . 
 and a very astute one . 
 hobson leaned in closer , and she could smell his rancid breath . 
 `` i revel in it , '' he said in a terrifying whisper . 
 `` having people under my complete control . 
 i do whatever i want to them and they never complain . 
 i give any order and they have to obey . '' 
 `` no decent person would -- '' `` i think you 'll find that deep down , it 's human nature . 
 to want to control people . 
 being a zombie lord simply makes it all ... easier . '' 
 `` and i think you 're a little on the sadistic side , '' christie shot back , surprised at how brave her voice sounded . 
 maybe it was because she 'd always gone over in her head what she would do when the zombie apocalypse happened , and the second she was bitten would be when she accepted her death , even going so far as to kill herself to keep others around her safe . 
 but even then , the growing fear inside her was n't something she 'd counted on when she played out fantasies of a heroic death . 
 well , if sam was n't going to come barging in there and save her , she 'd have to do it herself . 
 staying meant certain death , or worse , being revived as a slave to this odious man . 
 so in one swift motion , she pulled the handgun from its concealment , aimed straight at hobson 's head , and fired . 
 he stumbled backwards , hands flying to his face as he screamed . 
 `` i 'm from utah , dude . 
 we all have guns , '' she spat in an admittedly pathetic attempt at a one-liner , standing up on shaky legs . 
 `` christie ! '' 
 the tent flap flew open and sam burst in , trying to get a read on the situation . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 `` i 've been better . 
 he 's right there . 
 challenge him . '' 
 sam glared daggers at the healing flesh . 
 `` you piece of shit , '' he growled angrily , dragging hobson from the tent and throwing him into an open space nearby . 
 as hobson struck the ground , more sludge dribbled from his face and a moan escaped his lips . 
 sam stalked forward , fingers curved like the talons of an eagle . 
 he was going to start off hand to hand , and leave the banjo as his secret weapon for later , since hobson did n't know of its existence . 
 sam descended upon the other zombie , hands ripping at flesh , fists colliding with bone . 
 eerie , ear-piercing screeches came from both zombies as they fought , like wild animals . 
 a putrid hand shot out , gripping sam 's throat . 
 he gasped and rolled away , kicking up dust as he did so . 
 his clothes were filthy by that point , with zombie ooze and dirt , but he threw himself back at hobson nonetheless . 
 the longer the fight went on the more brutal it became . 
 `` kill him ! 
 kill the girl ! '' 
 hobson choked out after sam landed a particularly hard blow to his throat , causing a sickening green liquid to seep through the skin . 
 `` you cheater ! '' 
 christie cried from somewhere outside the bubble of violence sam was in , but sam knew it was n't cheating for a challenged zombie lord to use everything he had at his disposal , including the zombies under his control . 
 challenging one was exactly that , a challenge . 
 burgh , sharon , and marshall started towards sam , while two more zombies emerged from the nearby tents and closed in on christie . 
 sam tried to move to help christie , but hobson had latched onto his leg like a leech . 
 angrily , sam gripped his banjo 's neck and swung the thing with all his strength , hitting hobson 's right thigh . 
 at the blow , the weakened skin and bone gave and the leg came clean off . 
 in spite of that , hobson still did n't let go . 
 furious , sam attacked again , ripping into hobson 's flesh with his bare teeth , pulling chunk upon chunk off with each strike . 
 he thanked god in that moment that he could n't taste the rotting flesh . 
 only half able to focus on christie due to the life and death battle he was in the middle of , sam became aware that christie , while trying to get away , had been run down by the two drones . 
 sharon , burgh , and marshall were closing in on him too , looking horrified and reluctant but unable to do anything else . 
 survival instinct kicked in , and sam knew if he did n't win within the next few seconds , burgh and the others would be on him and he would die . 
 with one mighty swing , he used the banjo again , taking off the other leg . 
 hobson roared in anger , but sam was n't about to give an inch . 
 he smashed again and again , slowly turning the undead body of his worst enemy into a pile of mush . 
 hobson managed to take a strip of flesh from sam 's right cheek as he struggled , but sam was too angry to let that distract him . 
 within seconds , hobson 's head went flying off , and sam gripped it in his hand , picking it up and throwing it as far away from the rest of the body as possible . 
 unable to move any longer or mend fast enough to keep up with the damage his body was sustaining , hobson went limp , and ceased to be . 
 the haze of battle evaporated from sam 's eyes , but even with the exhaustion weighing him down , he could n't rest as he turned his attention back to christie . 
 she had stopped struggling to get away from the drones , her blood staining the ground . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 sam cried in panic , and the drones did , backing away with blank looks on their faces . 
 a sure sign that he 'd won back his position , but sam was barely thinking about that . 
 `` christie ! '' 
 he cried , stumbling over and dropping to his knees beside her bloodied body . 
 the damage was severe . 
 all over her shoulders , chest , arms , and legs were zombie bite marks , and one fatal-looking one in particular had taken a chunk out of her neck . 
 thinking fast , sam dug through her pockets , trying to find her phone without accidentally touching an injury . 
 `` take this , '' sam cried to marshall , throwing christie 's cell phone at the other zombie . 
 `` call 911 if you can get a signal ! '' 
 marshall glanced in confusion at the phone before attempting to make the call . 
 `` christie , christie , say something ! '' 
 he tried again . 
 `` god , it hurts , '' she whispered , so softly he had to lean in to listen . 
 `` marshall 's going to get help . 
 just hang in there , '' he said , ashamed at how pathetic his voice sounded , as he pushed the thought that she might die from his mind . 
 he could save her . 
 he had to . 
 `` you 're really worried about me , '' she observed absentmindedly . 
 `` are you crying ? '' 
 `` i ca n't cry , '' sam said , utterly miserable . 
 it was a physical impossibility for the undead . 
 a gurgling sound came from christie 's throat , and she sputtered up blood . 
 he could n't tell if it was supposed to be a laugh or a cough . 
 `` i 'll cry then . '' 
 he was losing her , he knew it , and there was nothing he could do . 
 actually , that was n't true . 
 he told her the other option . 
 `` i can bring you back . '' 
 `` no , do n't , '' she managed , tears streaming down her face . 
 `` i. . . 
 do n't think it 's worth it . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 he prodded frantically . 
 `` you do n't have to die here . 
 this does n't have to be the end . '' 
 `` it 's okay . 
 do n't ... do n't bring me back . 
 it 's ... it 's too scary . '' 
 sam sputtered out incoherent words as he grappled with her desire and his want . 
 after she was dead , he could always revive her anyway . 
 for half a second he seriously thought he would . 
 she did n't deserve to die like this , and so young . 
 nobody deserved to die like this . 
 ~ bright lights , rain-coated streets , screeching tires , and then nothingness . 
 sam awoke , feeling as though his head had been crushed in . 
 groaning , he reached up and gingerly touched his scalp , and screamed in horror when he found half his head missing . 
 `` stop yellin ' your head off like a banshee , '' an irritated male voice came from somewhere . 
 sam stopped screaming but started again when he realized he was sitting in his own grave . 
 it looked like ... like he had dug his way out . 
 then it all came rushing back to him . 
 the car crash that had killed him . 
 so what in the hell was going on ? 
 `` oh , '' the man said , surprised . 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` oh what ? '' 
 sam cried , confused and terrified . 
 what the hell was happening to him ? 
 his skin had changed from a healthy pink to a pale gray , and his entire body was cold to the touch . 
 he could feel his gums rotting away and yet mending themselves before any teeth could fall out . 
 he felt sick , but there was nothing in his stomach to throw up . 
 `` you 're different . 
 i told you to stop screaming and you did n't . '' 
 a pause . 
 `` damn , what should i do ? 
 it just does n't feel right , killin ' you like this . '' 
 `` just let me go , please , '' sam pleaded , crawling backwards . 
 `` leave then . '' 
 bill 's voice was harsh . 
 sam got up and scurried away pathetically . 
 little did he know he would be back soon . 
 no one , once a zombie , could return to their former life . 
 ~ he could n't put christie through that , especially against her explicit wishes . 
 so he let her die . 
 sam did n't leave her side . 
 finally , he felt her heartbeat slow to a stop through her pale , cold skin . 
 and that was the end . 
 angrily he stood , holding his banjo in a fighting pose as he stalked towards christie 's killers , who had n't moved since sam 's command . 
 `` sam , sam , they did n't know what they were doing ! '' 
 sharon shouted frantically . 
 now free of hobson 's control , she stepped into sam 's path , her eyes pleading . 
 `` step aside , '' sam said , his voice frigid . 
 sharon 's eyes hardened , angry that he was forcing her to do something she did n't want to do . 
 but she had no choice . 
 she got out of his way . 
 without expression , the drones watched as their master closed in . 
 but as sam reached the culprits , his resolve weakened and the banjo thumped to the dirt . 
 sharon was right . 
 he could n't do it . 
 marshall chose to chime in at that moment . 
 `` there 's no signal out here . 
 nothing , '' he reported , looking thoroughly upset at the phone . 
 `` it does n't matter , '' sam said , knowing he was moping but not caring . 
 `` i told myself i 'd protect her , and now she 's dead . '' 
 `` hobson killed her , sam , '' burgh said . 
 `` it was a low blow to go for her instead of you . '' 
 `` filthy bastard , '' sam growled , looking at the other body that was lying a few meters away . 
 `` someone get rid of that corpse . 
 chop it up some more , just to be sure . '' 
 the drones that had been spared stumbled off to dispose of the body of their old master . 
 `` everyone , pack up . 
 we 're leaving , '' sam yelled , throwing his voice so his words could be heard across the camp . 
 `` sam , '' sharon said , stepping up to her leader and placing a hand on his shoulder . 
 `` are you going to be okay ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' he mumbled honestly . 
 `` what should we do with christie ? '' 
 burgh asked as marshall stepped up to christie 's body , examining it curiously . 
 sam thought on it for a moment , trying to keep his feelings out of his logic . 
 `` we ca n't just leave her here , but it 's not like i can deliver her back to her family either ... we can make it look like an accident or something . '' 
 `` i do n't think anyone 's going to buy anything less than murder . 
 she looks like she was attacked by cannibals , '' sharon said with a hint of sarcasm . 
 `` look , just take the body back to the truck and cover it with a blanket . 
 i 'll take care of it . '' 
 as marshall and burgh set out to follow sam 's orders , sam lost the strength in his legs and collapsed to the ground . 
 he could n't cry , but he could wail , and wail out his pain he did . 
 he was n't sure how long he stayed like that , howling to the moon like a deranged wolf , before sharon snapped him out of it . 
 `` sam ! '' 
 sharon said , angrily this time . 
 `` you have eighty people , zombies , whatever , here that are counting on you . 
 i know how hard this is for you , believe me , we 've all lost so much . 
 but you have to go on . 
 for the rest of us . '' 
 `` i 'm ... not sure if i even want to return to this life anymore , '' he finally admitted to her . 
 `` is it because of christie ? '' 
 `` no , not even that , '' sam said . 
 he exhaled deeply through his nose . 
 `` i do n't feel right ... controlling you . 
 i feel like i 'm no better than hobson was . '' 
 `` why ca n't we just go back to the way things were before ? '' 
 sharon asked . 
 `` i guess we 'll have to . '' 
 sam looked at his reclaimed army , knowing he really did n't have much choice , no matter his feelings or misgivings . 
 he could n't exactly return to being a hobo with eighty zombies following him around all the time . 
 he was homeless no more , but at a price he was n't sure he 'd wanted to pay . 
 ~ careful to avoid the visible security cameras on the outside of the building , sam pulled christie 's pick-up into the parking lot of the nearest gas station . 
 it was the middle of the night , and no one was there . 
 he sat there for what felt like hours , mentally unwilling to do the final task . 
 the next morning , this quiet , out of the way pit stop would be swarming with cops , and the body of christie michaels would be discovered . 
 maybe they would think she was the victim of a serial killer . 
 sam did n't feel like it mattered at that point , though he hoped some innocent person would n't be convicted for something that had n't been their fault . 
 that would make him feel worse than he already did . 
 not a stranger to gore , sam lifted up the blanket , revealing christie 's pretty , cold , pale face . 
 her eyes were closed and she looked at peace , in spite of the splash of blood that had made its way from the bite wound on her neck to her right cheek . 
 sam reached up and felt his own wound he had sustained in the fight with hobson . 
 `` we match , '' he said softly . 
 a lone pair of headlights zooming by on the road made sam very conscientious of being seen , so he opened the door of the truck and hopped out . 
 before he took his leave , he looked one more time at christie . 
 `` i -- i would have brought you back , you know . 
 but i just ca n't do it , not when you do n't want me to . 
 i. . . 
 respect you too much to do that . 
 you came with me to get away from your life , and well , i hope you 're in a better place . 
 thank you , and i 'm sorry , '' he whispered . 
 `` i 'm so , so sorry . '' 
 with a deep , shaky breath , he managed to pull himself away from the pickup and start back . 
 ~ the sun was starting to rise by the time sam made it back to his now reclaimed army . 
 everyone had followed his orders to the letter . 
 all the stakes had been pulled up and the tents rolled , and were now resting on the shoulders of the horde . 
 there was barely a trace that anyone had ever been there . 
 `` we 're ready to go , sam . 
 did you give the girl a proper sendoff ? '' 
 marshall asked , uneasily addressing his new leader . 
 sam nodded . 
 `` i did . 
 i. . . 
 hope her sacrifice was worth it . '' 
 sharon looked him dead in the eyes . 
 `` i think it was . '' 
 `` do you have an idea where we 're going next ? '' 
 asked burgh . 
 sam glanced at his de facto second-in-command . 
 `` montana sounds nice . '' 
 `` montana it is , '' burgh agreed . 
 turning to what his honed instincts told him was north , sam picked up his own tent and placed it on his shoulders , refusing to let someone else do the work for him , and set off . 
 the others followed him into the night . 
 about the author karen lofgren has been writing since she was in third grade . 
 she attended knox college where she received her bachelor of arts in creative writing . 
 she is the author of several science fiction and fantasy works , including the urban fantasy imagine someday and the epic space opera saga the souls of the stars . 
 she lives in missouri with her pet rats . 
