 the karini and lamek chronicles book one ~ the land of flames by cynthia p. willow the land of flames this story is a work of fiction . 
 characters , events , and places are the product of the author 's imagination , or are used fictitiously . 
 i would like to thank my husband for his support . 
 special thanks to my editor , carol fountain , for her countless hours of hard work , her dedication , and expertise . 
 copyright © 2012 cynthia p. willow . 
 all rights reserved . 
 cover art and design by mary c. findley contact cynthia @ www.cynthiapwillow.com prologue for the inhabitants of the land of serenity , it has become a time of darkness , fear , and sorrow . 
 this land had once been beautiful and clean . 
 creatures of all kinds had been free , and dragons had been the companions of humans . 
 but not anymore . 
 a vengeful , ruthless dragon by the name of ocamar led a revolt against the noble human king scott iii and claimed the title of ruler for himself . 
 after winning the war , he placed everyone in the land under his dominion . 
 the land of serenity will now forever be governed by the evil ocamar , or will it ? 
 what ocamar does n't know is that right now , in a secret cave , deep in yelkwood forest , there is an army forming . 
 while there is strength in numbers , can an army of dwarves , elves , fairies , and other creatures , really defeat a clan of dragons ? 
 we shall see ... . 
 chapter one the secret army `` yelkwood forest is forbidden , '' whispered karini , the fairy , as she fluttered her wings nervously . 
 `` we should n't have come here , '' she added . 
 `` will you please hush up , karini ? 
 we do n't have much time as it is . 
 do you think we should waste the time we do have arguing whether or not it was smart to attend this meeting ? '' 
 said finley , the dwarf , as he stood on the tip toes of his oversized feet , trying to get a view of others at the secret meeting . 
 karini thought a moment and then answered , `` no , i guess not . 
 it 's just that if we get caught ... . '' 
 `` let 's move closer because i have something to say and i want everyone to hear me , '' said finley . 
 karini was n't too thrilled , but she accompanied finley to the front of the crowd . 
 `` attention ! 
 i need everyone 's attention ! 
 we must begin , for we have n't much time . 
 i have asked you all here because we must find a way to destroy the dragons . 
 their rule becomes harsher with every passing day , and our slavery will never end unless we stop them . '' 
 speaking from the top of a large rock at the back of the cave was the oldest of the elves , rumbleflin . 
 rumbleflin had always been wise beyond his years . 
 he was tall for an elf , wore small-framed spectacles , and had a long grey beard that was separated into two braids . 
 his voice was deep , and he spoke with authority . 
 he continued , `` in this first meeting , we need to decide what to do about ocamar and his cronies . 
 they 've wiped out the human species and made us their slaves . 
 is this the life you want for yourselves and your children ? 
 do you want to remain slaves , or be free ? '' 
 a loud shout for freedom echoed throughout the cave . 
 some , however , had doubts . 
 finley began to hop up and down waving his stubby arms to get rumbleflin 's attention . 
 finally , rumbleflin noticed his urgency and held his hand up , signaling silence . 
 when all was quiet again , he granted finley permission to speak . 
 `` excuse me , rumbleflin , but is n't it true that no one can kill a dragon ? 
 are n't we just wasting our time here ? '' 
 others began to loudly agree . 
 rumbleflin , standing with both of his long-fingered hands resting upon his staff , said , `` i believe we all have heard the legend of the dragon . 
 most of you know it states ` no man or creature can destroy a dragon . ' 
 nevertheless , i believe there is a way to destroy them . 
 i was fortunate enough to have read the original document . 
 at that time , i observed that there was something missing or an alteration of some degree had been made to it . 
 the parchment it was written on should have been much older ; at least it seemed that it should have been older . 
 -lrb- rumbleflin was known for his wisdom and intuition about these sorts of things . -rrb- 
 i do n't know if there is anyone alive anymore who knows the truth . 
 it 's my hope that we can find the document and ascertain the truth for ourselves . 
 this will not be easy , and some of you may lose your lives in the process , but it 's a risk that must be taken if we are to achieve victory over the dragons . 
 so , with that being said , do you want your freedom ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 the crowd shouted . 
 `` are you willing to fight for it ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 the crowd shouted again . 
 `` very well then ; if there are any of you who ca n't put all of your heart into the rebellion , now is your time to leave . 
 no one will hold it against you if you prefer not to be involved in war . 
 but , before you do , let me promise that if you even so much as breathe a word of our plans within earshot of the enemy , you will be considered a traitor , and i will personally see to it that you are no longer welcome in this land . 
 now , is there anyone who would like to leave ? 
 it 's now or never . '' 
 in response , dawna , a unicorn , left the meeting with her horn held high in the air as if this had been a waste of her time . 
 in addition , four fairy sisters , who did n't think war would be good for their beauty or their wings , left the gathering , each taking out her hand-mirror as if checking to make sure that the mere talk of war had not marred their beauty . 
 while they would never betray the others , they were unwilling to chance the perils of war . 
 everyone but rumbleflin was watching their exit . 
 because rumbleflin was wise , he thought it best to concentrate on those who chose to stay and ignore those who were leaving . 
 his eyes fell on karini , who had an indecisive look on her face . 
 karini was a charming fairy , who was best friends with his son . 
 she had been orphaned at a very young age , and although she was much loved by her aunt , who had taken her in after her parents ' deaths , she was very shy and insecure . 
 karini very much believed in the idea of the rebellion , but she was n't sure whether she wanted to get involved in it . 
 rumbleflin , understanding her doubts , asked , `` karini , are you with us or not ? 
 can we count on you ? 
 we really need a good fairy to be a spy for us , and you are the quietest of your kind . 
 your wings make no noise when you flutter . 
 please , i know you 're shy and full of fear , but you 'll overcome it . 
 i truly believe that . '' 
 karini batted her pink eyelashes , obviously flattered by rumbleflin 's compliments , and answered as she moved towards him , `` i 'm in , sir . 
 you just tell me what you need me to do , and i 'll do it . '' 
 `` wonderful , '' rumbleflin replied . 
 then he spoke to those who remained , `` i need you all to form a line and sign your name on this scroll . 
 this way i will be able to assign each of you a job at the next meeting . 
 time grows short . 
 you will be notified by some of our fairy friends of the time of our next meeting . 
 as far as i know , this cave is still a secret from the dragons . 
 it will stay that way as long as you stay silent about its existence . 
 meeting is adjourned ! '' 
 with that , a line formed , and names began to appear on the scroll . 
 karini signed first . 
 right behind her were the three fairy brothers , brox , golini , and hunter , and karini 's cousin , flini , who was like a sister to her . 
 the dwarves were next ; they included finley and his two brothers , tinley and winley . 
 all of the elves , as well as rumbleflin 's sixteen-year-old son , rumpleflin , signed up . 
 beavers , squirrels , centaurs , skunks , and unicorns ended the line . 
 rumbleflin was much encouraged by the large number who volunteered for the rebel army . 
 with new hope of regaining their freedom , everyone departed , leaving the cave empty . 
 chapter two `` eaves dwopping '' karini sat crying on a rose petal with her head in her lap . 
 `` what was i thinking ? '' 
 she asked herself . 
 `` i ca n't believe i agreed to spy on ocamar just because some old elf paid me a compliment . 
 i am so stupid ! 
 why , oh why , did i agree to join the rebellion ? 
 what am i saying ? 
 i know why i did it . 
 i want my life to be like it used to be . '' 
 karini stretched her dainty fingers behind her head and lay back , looking up at the gloomy sky above as her mind filled with wonderful memories of her past freedom . 
 she could almost feel the cool breeze on her face and smell the fresh flowers that bloomed year-round back then . 
 flowers in full bloom now were few and far between . 
 the sound of other fairies dancing and singing on neighboring flowers filled her ears . 
 then , in the distance , the sound of trumpets could be heard announcing the arrival of king scott iii getting ready to address the kingdom . 
 it was a fond memory . 
 king scott iii had been kind to everyone in the kingdom . 
 even though karini had been very young , she 'd loved to hear him speak . 
 he believed that everyone in the land of serenity should be free and treated with respect . 
 he had absolutely forbidden slavery or abuse of any kind . 
 anyone caught doing so , had been banished from the kingdom . 
 karini thought back to when dragons were companions to humans , and found it hard to believe that the dragons had ever been good . 
 thoughts of the dragons made karini angry . 
 instantly , she realized just how important this war was going to be and just how much she was needed in the rebellion . 
 she sat up , wiped her eyes with her dainty hands , blew her nose on a leaf , and said , `` i 'm going to do it ! 
 and not because of the flattery , but because i want to make more wonderful memories . 
 i want to experience joy , peace , and laughter again . 
 i want the land of serenity back ! '' 
 then , without warning , something hit karini on her head . 
 sometime later , she awoke in darkness with a throbbing headache . 
 she tried to stand up but could n't . 
 she fluttered around frantically , but she hit something every which way she flew . 
 using her sense of touch , she felt the barrier and realized it was glass . 
 she was obviously trapped in some kind of jar or bottle . 
 feeling helpless , karini lay down and began to sob . 
 `` mastey ! 
 mastey ! 
 i done a gweat deed , i did ! '' 
 lamek , ocamar 's faithful servant , came running up to the dragon ruler , who had fallen asleep counting a big pile of gold coins . 
 lamek was a blundering nuisance to the other dragons . 
 he was a strange creature , and seemed to be the only one of his kind . 
 his upper body was that of a bird , but his lower body was that of a lizard , complete with scales and a tail . 
 his speech drove all the dragons mad because he could n't pronounce words correctly , and he lisped . 
 he was also rather obnoxious . 
 but ocamar seemed to enjoy his company , so the other dragons were forbidden to harm him , though they did their share of taunting him . 
 yawning , and almost setting a nearby bench on fire , ocamar spoke , `` what nonsense are you babbling on about now , lamek ? 
 did you hatch an egg or something ? '' 
 `` mastey ! 
 i 've been eaves dwopping on pwetty pink fairwy . 
 she said she 's a spy for some old elf . 
 said there 's gon na be a rebellion and it will bwing back the land of sewenity ! 
 i captured her by hitting her on the head with a wock and stuffing her in a jar . 
 that was good , wight ? 
 lamek is a good servant to his mastey ! '' 
 `` yes , yes , yes , lamek . 
 this is all very interesting ... . 
 we must find out more about this rebellion . 
 the old elf has to be rumbleflin . 
 no one else would defy me in such a way . 
 to teach everyone a lesson , i 'll revoke grounds privileges for all the elves . 
 good work , lamek . 
 bring the fairy to me ! '' 
 karini was awakened by the sound of a high-pitched voice singing out of tune . 
 the racket was coming from a dimly lit hallway just outside the room where she was being held captive . 
 it got louder and louder until she could make out the words to the song . 
 `` lamek wants pwetty pink fairwy , maybe ocamar will make her marwy me ! '' 
 karini became even more frightened . 
 `` someone who can not sing very well is coming this way and wants to marry me ? 
 i hope ocamar is not with him '' she said out loud . 
 all of a sudden , the door flew open and in popped lamek , carrying a lantern , which he placed on the table beside karini 's jar . 
 karini had never seen such an odd creature in all her life . 
 she swallowed hard as the half-bird , half-lizard creature stared at her . 
 his beak held a grin and what looked like half of a worm hanging from the side of it . 
 karini 's whole body shivered as she looked at the creature , waiting for it to speak . 
 `` helwo , pwetty pink fairwy ! '' 
 karini had been raised to be polite to everyone , so with a shaky voice , she said , `` hello , '' trying her best to smile and not offend . 
 `` who are you , and why do you have me locked up in this jar ? '' 
 `` i 'm lamek , servant to ocamar , gweatest of all dwagons and wuler of the land of flames , '' replied lamek , blinking his small beady black eyes and spreading his yellow wings to take a bow . 
 `` you are here because we have heard you are part of a rebellion that has formed against ocamar . 
 you 're a spy , are you not ? '' 
 karini could n't believe lamek had this information . 
 she knew she could n't admit to any of it , so she batted her long , pink eyelashes and said in her sweetest voice , `` my dear lamek , obviously you have been misinformed . 
 i am no spy , and i 've never heard about any rebellion forming a plot against ocamar . 
 i have nothing against the dragons . 
 they 've never hurt us fairies . 
 whoever gave you this information is telling lies . '' 
 then she added a cute little giggle at the end . 
 at first , it seemed that lamek believed her , because he was staring at her smiling , as if in a trance , but then his eyes got wide and he said , `` nope , i do n't tell lies . 
 i 'm the one who heard the information . 
 i eaves dwopped on you in flower bed and heard everything you said ! '' 
 and with that , lamek picked up the jar and headed out the door , down the dimly lit hallway , and into a dark room only lit by two torches . 
 at the back of the room , it got brighter as they approached huge piles of gold coins and other treasure . 
 karini covered her eyes with the back of her right hand as lamek set the jar down on a bench . 
 `` mastey is not here wight now . 
 we will wait , '' said lamek . 
 karini did n't respond . 
 she was in shock and trembling with fear . 
 she could n't imagine what she was about to face . 
 shortly , karini heard the sound of the massive door being opened and then shut . 
 lamek shouted with excitement , `` mastey , mastey , come and see pwetty pink fairwy ! 
 lamek did what you said ! 
 lamek is good servant ! '' 
 karini was too afraid to uncover her eyes . 
 she could hear the jingle of gold coins being trampled upon and then a huge thud as ocamar lay down on a pile of the gold coins and let out a big yawn , which warmed the room at least thirty degrees . 
 ocamar said , `` well done , lamek ! 
 i 'm impressed . 
 open the jar and let the fairy out . 
 i 'm sure she is not brave or stupid enough to try and escape . 
 let 's let her have some exercise , shall we ? '' 
 ocamar grinned widely as if really excited to see the pwetty pink fairwy . 
 using both his beak and wings , lamek removed the lid from the jar . 
 he looked down at karini , who still had her eyes covered . 
 `` come out pwetty pink fairwy , come spwead your pwetty pink wings a bit , yes ? 
 do n't be afwaid of us . 
 we wo n't harm you . 
 we just want to talk a bit . '' 
 chapter three rumbleflin 's dreams `` what are we going to do now , father ? '' 
 asked rumpleflin . 
 `` without grounds privileges , we wo n't be able to conduct another meeting with the army . '' 
 just minutes before , ocamar had revoked grounds privileges for all the elves . 
 he did n't state a reason , and no one dared question him . 
 rumors about a fairy being captured by the creature lamek were circulating , so the elves were n't surprised by the punishment . 
 rumbleflin was sitting with his hands folded on top of the table where the elves had just eaten their supper of watered-down soup and stale crackers . 
 he looked at his son , then at each elf , one by one . 
 `` we must remain calm and have faith that circumstances will change . 
 the hour grows late and we all need our rest . 
 not having grounds privileges does not mean not having to work , and we must all be prepared for whatever tomorrow may bring . 
 goodnight to you all . 
 i will pray and think about our circumstances , and perhaps i will get new ideas from within my dreams as i sleep . 
 i will retire now , please excuse me . '' 
 rumbleflin got up from the table , and leaning heavily on his staff , slowly walked to the bedchamber he shared with his son . 
 he lay down , breathed deeply , and prayed , `` please let something helpful come to me in my dreams . '' 
 it did n't take long for him to drift off to sleep . 
 `` rumbleflin , i have wonderful news ! '' 
 `` what is it , my love ? '' 
 `` we are going to have a child ! '' 
 `` nevaeh , that is wonderful ! 
 when ... ? '' 
 `` in about seven months , my dear . '' 
 rumbleflin hugged his wife and just as he was about to kiss her ... . . 
 unexpectedly , rumbleflin was awake . 
 `` drat ! 
 that was a wonderful dream . 
 why did i have to wake up ? 
 happy , happy times those were . 
 oh well , i shall try to dream again . '' 
 `` it 's a boy ! 
 congratulations ! '' 
 a plump , older woman in a long white dress stood by rumbleflin 's wife , holding a crying baby boy . 
 `` what will his name be , milady ? '' 
 nevaeh smiled at the midwife and replied , `` he will be named rumpleflin , a name that sounds much like his father 's . '' 
 rumbleflin held his new son , kissed his forehead , and laid him in nevaeh 's arms . 
 `` father , are you awake ? '' 
 rumbleflin 's dream was again interrupted . 
 `` what ? 
 oh , it 's you , rumpleflin . 
 i was dreaming . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , father . 
 i just hoped you 'd still be awake . 
 no matter , just go back to sleep . '' 
 rumbleflin sat up in his bed and said , `` i do n't believe there 's any such thing as no matter . 
 you would n't have woken me up for no matter . 
 something is bothering you other than loss of grounds privileges i do believe . '' 
 `` yes , i was just thinking that i am glad my mother did n't have to endure slavery . 
 it 's good that she 's dead and did n't have to see this beautiful land she loved so much be ruled by dragons . '' 
 `` indeed , i agree . 
 nevaeh would n't have reacted well to ocamar 's dictatorship . 
 she was a free spirit and quite stubborn at times , typical for a witch . 
 let 's get some rest , my son . 
 we both need it and daylight comes early . '' 
 `` okay , father , i will try . 
 goodnight . '' 
 father and son both lay down , thinking their own thoughts . 
 once again , rumbleflin closed his eyes and began to dream again . 
 rumbleflin was running up the boardwalk to his cottage that sat beside a beautiful flowing brook . 
 neveah met him at the door . 
 `` rumbleflin , have you heard ? 
 oh god , it 's terrible ! 
 dragons have overtaken the castle . 
 they 've killed king scott iii , along with his beautiful wife , savannah , and all of their servants . 
 they 're moving through the kingdom killing at will . 
 what are we going to do ? '' 
 `` yes , i know , and it gets even worse . 
 the leader of these dragons is ocamar . 
 he has declared that all elves are to report to the castle to be slaves , or be killed if they refuse . 
 he has driven the dwarves from the gold mines and plans to use the elves in their place . '' 
 nevaeh sobbed and hugged her husband tightly , while rumpleflin , not more than three years old , played on the floor near them . 
 `` what are we going to do ? 
 i 'm not an elf , and they will find this out . 
 what will happen then , do you think it will matter ? '' 
 `` yes , it will definitely matter . 
 sit down , nevaeh , you are about to hear the worst . '' 
 nevaeh sat down at the kitchen table and grabbing a handkerchief said , `` go ahead , i 'm ready . '' 
 rumbleflin closed his eyes , and as a tear fell , he told his beloved wife what he had just heard before returning home . 
 `` ocamar has ordered that all witches and wizards are to be put to death . 
 we do n't know why , but he must have a hatred for them . 
 there are n't many left as it is , but he plans to make them extinct . 
 if he does n't already know that you are a witch , he will soon find out . 
 you must flee to mount flog , and i 'll set the house on fire . 
 the dragons will assume that one of them did it and believe you to be dead . '' 
 nevaeh looked at him in horror and then pleaded with her husband , `` you must come with me , rumbleflin . 
 we can fake all of our deaths . 
 i ca n't bear to leave you and rumpleflin . '' 
 `` no , nevaeh , there is no time for us all to go . 
 as leader of the elves , i need to stay . 
 they will not survive without my guidance . 
 being elves , it is much too cold for rumpleflin and me to live on mount flog . 
 i will keep him with me and protect him . 
 he will be safer here than on the run with you . 
 you must save yourself . 
 i promise i 'll find a way to put a stop to this insanity and we will be reunited . 
 you must trust me that i am right . 
 flee to mount flog , now ! 
 go before it 's too late ! '' 
 nevaeh , sobbing , quickly gathered the small family portrait that had been painted a couple of weeks before , her journal , and her wand . 
 then she kissed both of them , barely able to breathe , snapped her fingers , and vanished into thin air . 
 rumbleflin grabbed his son and ran outside . 
 after placing his son in a safe place , he quickly set his beautiful cottage ablaze . 
 holding back the tears , he picked up his son , and started walking towards the castle that had once been the home of his dear friend , king scott iii . 
 later that night , imprisoned in the castle , he lied to the others about what had happened to nevaeh . 
 he hoped that he would be able to make things right soon , but for now , to protect them both , he had to pretend that his beautiful nevaeh was dead . 
 chapter four ocamar 's secret `` so , fairy , what is your name ? '' 
 karini looked at ocamar and chills ran through her body . 
 he was the biggest dragon she had ever seen . 
 come to think of it , she 'd never seen one this closely before . 
 his scales were a shiny mixture of blues and greens . 
 his eyes were big and black like crystal balls , and she could see her reflection in them . 
 he was quite magnificent but very terrifying . 
 taking a deep breath , karini whispered , `` karini , sir . '' 
 `` louder ! '' 
 shouted ocamar . 
 `` karini , sir , my name is karini , '' she said . 
 `` kawini is a pwetty name , wight , mastey ? '' 
 asked lamek , staring at karini as though in a trance . 
 `` yes , lamek , i suppose karini is a pretty name for a fairy . 
 pink is not my color though . 
 i prefer greens and blues . '' 
 ocamar laughed and lamek ducked to avoid having his feathers ' singed by the flames . 
 karini giggled a little to let ocamar think that he had humored her . 
 but on the inside , she was ready to vomit . 
 ocamar continued , `` so , karini , has lamek filled you in as to why you are here ? '' 
 karini replied , `` yes , sir , though i do believe , begging your pardon , sir , he is confused . '' 
 `` explain . '' 
 having had time to observe lamek , karini had concluded that there was a chance that she could believably deny lamek 's story . 
 `` well , sir , lamek says he overheard me in the flowerbed plotting against you , but that is n't true . 
 see , sir , i am known to talk aloud in my sleep . 
 what lamek may have overheard was a bad dream i was having . 
 i do n't remember much about it . 
 all i really remember is waking up all alone , crying . 
 you can ask lamek if any other fairies were around . 
 surely he would 've been seen capturing me if there had been anyone else there . 
 i 'm sure someone would remember seeing lamek . '' 
 ocamar did n't question lamek about this because he saw karini 's point . 
 lamek obviously had not been seen spying for ocamar . 
 any fairy who would 've seen him would 've let out a shriek in horror at his odd appearance , and by now everyone would be talking about karini 's capture by lamek . 
 that was n't happening . 
 watching her facial expressions closely , ocamar asked , `` so , are you telling me that you were plotting against me in your sleep ? 
 is that supposed to be any better than when you are awake ? '' 
 being very aware of ocamar 's keen interest in how she responded , karini batted her eyelashes and turned on the charm . 
 `` sir , i was n't plotting anything . 
 i was merely dreaming . 
 please , you ca n't possibly hold me responsible for talking in my sleep . 
 just because i dreamed something does n't make it true . 
 lamek misunderstood what was really happening . '' 
 ocamar looked at lamek and then back at karini . 
 he said , `` i would like to believe you , but i will have to keep you in my custody just a little longer , just in case you are a spy as lamek claims . 
 in case you do n't know , the elves think they are very clever , especially their leader , rumbleflin . 
 i find it interesting that in your sleep , so you say , you agreed to be a spy against me because an old elf flattered you . 
 you could only have meant rumbleflin . 
 do you know him ? '' 
 karini knew that she would have to be very careful with her answer . 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i know who he is , '' replied karini , looking ocamar straight in the eyes . 
 `` good girl , you told the truth . 
 now when did you last speak with him ? '' 
 `` why , in my dream of course , '' lied karini . 
 ocamar stared hard at karini for several seconds . 
 `` i see ; perhaps you do n't ... what is it , lamek ? '' 
 lamek had been flapping his wings , causing him to hover up and down in ocamar 's side view . 
 `` i want to marwy kawini ! 
 pwease , mastey , make her marwy me ! '' 
 ocamar gave the request a little thought as he stared at karini . 
 he smiled and said , `` lamek , i do believe a wife would do you some good . 
 karini , i am sparing your life so you can marry my servant , lamek . 
 his speech is terrible , and he is lacking in the looks department , but should be quite satisfactory as a husband for a spy . 
 if you prove yourself to be as trustworthy as lamek , i will eventually allow you to leave the castle , together . 
 we will have the ceremony a week from tomorrow night so all your friends see what can happen to those who lie to me . 
 you may go now ! '' 
 ocamar had spoken his final word on the matter . 
 he gave a loud roar and left the room . 
 karini looked at lamek and began to cry . 
 she started to fly towards the empty jar , but lamek stopped her . 
 `` do n't cwy , kawini , you do n't have to be locked up in that jar anymore . 
 you can stay with me in my chambers . 
 mastey will see that you are comfortable there too . 
 you just wait and see . 
 we will be so happy together . 
 now , follow me . '' 
 lamek skipped out of the room and down the dimly lit hallway , with karini flying as far behind him as she reasonably could . 
 he led her into a room that was n't much bigger than a closet , but it was cozy and warm . 
 lamek hopped in his nest which was made of grass and twigs and things that birds collect . 
 karini looked around and saw that lamek had a vase with a single rose in it . 
 `` may i sleep there ? '' 
 she asked , pointing to the red rose in full bloom . 
 lamek replied , `` of course you may . 
 make yourself at home . 
 you may sweep there until we are marwied . 
 welax , evewything will be fine . '' 
 karini flew to the rose and made herself comfortable . 
 she knew her situation could be much worse , and lamek did n't seem to be as bad as he looked . 
 she wondered about his connection to ocamar . 
 `` lamek , if you do n't mind me asking , why do you work for ocamar ? '' 
 `` you must pwomise to not wepeat what i tell you , '' answered lamek . 
 karini agreed , and lamek began to tell her the story of his loyalty to the dragon she secretly planned to help destroy . 
 `` me and ocamar were enslaved by a mean wizard named zedbulla . 
 he was cwuel to us , so we became fwiends . 
 one day , i overheard ocamar pweading with zedbulla for fweedom . 
 zedbulla got angwy and thweatened to kill him if he twied to escape . 
 ocamar said , ` go ahead and twy , but you know that the legend says that no dwagon can be killed by man . ' 
 `` zedbulla laughed at ocamar and said , ` wight you are , ocamar , wight you are . 
 but i am not just a man . 
 i am a wizard , and the legend also says one that has magical blood wunning thwough his veins possesses the power to kill dwagons . ' 
 he then cast a spell on ocamar so he could n't move while he chained him to the wall . '' 
 `` ocamar was outwaged . 
 as he sat there chained to the wall , ocamar silently plotted his wevenge . 
 when zedbulla went out the next day , ocamar told me to steal the key that night and unlock the chains . 
 he pwomised we would escape and be fwee ; so that night when zedbulla fell asleep , i stole the key . 
 the chains made so much noise when we twied to wemove them that zebulla woke up and caught us in the act of escaping . 
 in his huwwy to stop us , he fowgot his wand , so as he turned away to wetwieve his wand to punish us , i quickly unlocked the chains binding ocamar to the wall . 
 as zedbulla turwned awound with the wand , he was suwpwised to see ocamar standing over him . 
 ocamar then knocked him to the floor , which caused zedbulla to dwop the wand , which i quickly gwabbed . 
 the fall knocked the wind out of zedbulla , and befowe he could catch his bweath to utter a magic spell , ocamar pounced on top of zedbulla and torwe his heart out . 
 standing over zedbulla 's dead body , he gave a mighty rwoar that set the house on fire . 
 we quickly escaped the burning house and walked away from that horwible pwace , and we have been together ever since . 
 me and ocamar are the only ones who know about the wegend . 
 pwease do n't say anything . 
 i swore to secwecy . '' 
 karini thought a moment about what lamek had told her , and a part of her felt sorry for ocamar . 
 she could n't overlook what he did to king scott iii and the others he 'd killed , but she understood why he killed zedbulla . 
 she also understood something else . 
 `` is that why ocamar ordered all witches and wizards to be killed , so none of them could destroy him ? '' 
 she asked . 
 lamek looked at her and said , `` yes , the only thing he fears is magic . '' 
 chapter five bludgeon in the dungeon `` all of you sit down somewhere and shut up ! 
 i have some interesting developments to share with you , '' ordered ocamar as he looked upon the other twelve dragons . 
 he sat high on a pile of gold at the back of a very deep dungeon in the lowest part of the castle . 
 the dungeon was secret and only known to the dragon clan . 
 no one else , including lamek , knew anything about it . 
 it was entered by password only , which ocamar changed whenever he felt like it . 
 today , the password just happened to be karini . 
 he continued , `` i assume you all would like to know the significance of the new password . 
 it just so happens that lamek has found himself a wife . '' 
 laughter broke out all over the murky dungeon , and jokes about lamek began to circulate around the room . 
 soon the dragons were rolling in the gold covering the dungeon floor . 
 ocamar was not amused , however . 
 `` get serious ! 
 i did n't bring you all here to jest . 
 the bride-to-be is named karini , and she is a fairy . '' 
 more laughter broke out . 
 ocamar stood up and shot a long flame just over the tops of the other dragons ' heads . 
 silence fell . 
 `` do i have your attention or not ? '' 
 `` yes , master , '' said cornelius , whose ears were almost scalded by the flame 's heat . 
 `` excellent . 
 as i said before , the fairy 's name is karini . 
 she was brought here because lamek says he overheard her talking about an army that is plotting a rebellion against us . 
 he also says an old elf asked her to become a spy . 
 we all know who that might be . '' 
 shouts were then heard all over the room . 
 `` kill the fairy ! '' 
 `` it 's rumbleflin , master , he should be questioned . '' 
 `` why is lamek marrying the enemy ? '' 
 `` mutiny ! '' 
 `` treason ! '' 
 ocamar impatiently closed his eyes for a moment . 
 `` do you not think that i have n't already thought of all of that ? 
 i am no fool . 
 i know very well that rumbleflin is conspiring against us , and i believe the fairy is indeed a spy for him . 
 i see no reason to kill the fairy , yet . 
 by exchanging her life for marriage , we will send a clear message to the others that treason will not be tolerated by us . 
 she is most fortunate that lamek is so obsessed with her ; otherwise , she would indeed be dead right now . 
 `` as you know , i have terminated grounds privileges for all the elves without telling them why . 
 we 'll need to keep a close watch on them for their next move . 
 karini 's capture and nuptials to lamek will reveal to them that we know she is a spy . 
 `` as much as i like lamek , we can not trust his judgment when it comes to karini . 
 he 's blinded by her beauty . 
 while i expect you to keep a close eye on the little fairy , i also expect you to treat her with respect . 
 i owe lamek my life , and i do n't want him hurt if i can help it . 
 if you see or hear anything suspicious , you are to report it to me and no one else . 
 `` as for the elves , do not hover over them . 
 watch them from afar and do n't question them . 
 they have proven beyond doubt that they wo n't crack under pressure . 
 does everyone understand what i am asking of you ? '' 
 in unison , the dragons voiced , `` yes , master . '' 
 `` very well , you are dismissed . '' 
 one by one , the dragons left the dark dungeon whispering amongst themselves and snickering about lamek and karini . 
 ocamar left too , and on his way to his chambers , he stopped to take a peek inside lamek 's room . 
 the room was so small that he could n't physically enter it . 
 it was dark in the room except for a single candle on the windowsill . 
 he could see lamek asleep in his nest , but he could n't spot karini at first , which made his heart fall to his feet . 
 after searching the room carefully , he finally spotted her resting in a rose that lamek kept in a vase . 
 lamek always kept flowers in his room because he said they reminded him of the pwetty fairwies . 
 lamek had been watching the fairies for quite some time now , obsessed by their beauty . 
 ocamar had a bad feeling that lamek would no longer be an ally if anything happened to karini . 
 he hoped that keeping her captive would divert any trouble from lamek until he was able to end the rebellion . 
 karini woke up to find ocamar staring at her from the doorway . 
 she gasped and placed her hand over her mouth , trying not to wake lamek . 
 ocamar had not meant to scare her so he said , `` pardon me , karini . 
 i was just checking on you two . 
 are you comfortable ? '' 
 karini nodded her head in agreement . 
 she was surprised by his hospitality , so she smiled and whispered , `` thank you . '' 
 ocamar removed his head from the doorway and left . 
 when he reached his chambers , he immediately climbed into his magnificent bed which was made of pure gold . 
 he was extremely tired and fell into a dreamful sleep ... . 
 slap ! 
 `` arrrgh ! '' 
 slap ! 
 `` master , why must you punish me so ? '' 
 zedbulla stood behind a very young ocamar , with a long whip in his hand , sweat dripping from his brow . 
 `` because i own you , and as my property , i can do whatever i want to you . '' 
 the collar around his neck was so tight that ocamar could barely turn his head to look at his abuser . 
 `` i am supposed to be your companion . 
 lamek and i are part of your family . 
 king scott iii demands that all creatures be treated with respect . 
 if he knew about this abuse , he would have you arrested . '' 
 zedbulla threw his head back and laughed , `` please ... companion ? 
 king scott iii has three dragons of his own . 
 they are slaves to him , same as you are to me . 
 why else do you think they are chained inside the castle ? 
 everything he says in those boring speeches is lies . 
 all men punish their slaves . 
 it teaches discipline and builds strength . '' 
 `` carry on then , master . '' 
 ocamar closed his eyes as the whip hit him over and over in his back . 
 he was thankful to have scales and not skin . 
 poor lamek lost many of his feathers with each beating . 
 he thought to himself , ` one day , i will be strong enough to conquer all the men in the kingdom . 
 then they can never be cruel to the dragons again . 
 when that happens , dragons shall rule , not men . 
 one day , this land will be mine ... . ' 
 ocamar 's dream shifted to reveal an earlier memory than the previous one . 
 `` you stupid fairy ! 
 i will make you pay ! 
 you are my slave ! 
 i will make you so hideous , you will never want to run away again . 
 no one will want to look at you . 
 then you will stay here and do your chores out of fear of what others might do to you because of the way you look ! '' 
 lamek tried to dodge the curse , but zedbulla was too great a wizard to ever miss the target of his wand . 
 `` converte reptilous canarious . '' 
 ocamar watched as the curse from zedbulla 's wand transformed lamek from a handsome little fairy into a half-bird , half-lizard creature . 
 then zedbulla did something even worse . 
 `` reminiscence ebbisto ! '' 
 immediately , lamek 's memory was modified , erasing any memory he had of being a handsome and popular fairy . 
 he would never know that he was really a fairy unless ocamar told him . 
 ocamar planned to wait until the time was right for himself to tell lamek the truth . 
 to protect himself , he swore to zedbulla that he would keep everything he had just witnessed a secret . 
 besides , he had no way to undo the curse placed upon lamek . 
 chapter six truth or innuendo talk of lamek 's engagement began to spread throughout the kingdom . 
 the elves were now sure the rumors they were hearing about a captured fairy were true . 
 rumbleflin overheard some of the dragons discussing the upcoming wedding and was sure that he heard the mention of karini 's name . 
 this was not good news . 
 he wanted to find out for sure . 
 well into the night , after everyone was asleep , rumbleflin sneaked out of his bedchamber and headed to lamek 's room . 
 the door was ajar just a bit . 
 he peeked inside , and to his disappointment , he saw karini resting on a rose in a vase on a table where lamek ate his meals . 
 he wanted very much to speak to her and find out if the marriage talk was the truth . 
 `` karini , '' whispered rumbleflin . 
 karini did n't stir . 
 whispering a little louder , he repeated , `` karini ! '' 
 `` huh ? 
 who 's there ? '' 
 `` an old friend , '' answered rumbleflin . 
 `` rumbleflin , is that you ? '' 
 `` yes , my dear karini . 
 we must discuss your state of affairs . '' 
 karini lifted her tiny body quietly from the rose bed and fluttered to rumbleflin . 
 `` it 's so wonderful to see a familiar face ; i despaired of ever seeing any of my friends again , rumbleflin . 
 please tell my aunt that i 'm alive , for now , and that i 've been ordered to wed lamek in just two days . 
 ocamar exchanged marriage for my life . 
 i 'm not sure if i got the better deal . '' 
 she swallowed hard and rumbleflin noticed the goose bumps that were now forming on her waif-like arms . 
 he commented , `` so , all of the gossip throughout the kingdom is indeed fact . 
 i was afraid of that . '' 
 `` yes , i 'm sorry to say that it 's all true . 
 i was brought in on treason charges because lamek overheard me lamenting my agreement to spy on ocamar . 
 please forgive me , rumbleflin . 
 i had no idea he was hiding in the flowerbed . '' 
 karini proceeded to tell rumbleflin the whole story of being fairy-napped , and barely escaping the death sentence from ocamar . 
 `` i can see how fearful you are , my child , and i know you did not give our secret away on purpose . 
 not to worry , i do not foresee a marriage between you and lamek , not in two days at least . '' 
 rumbleflin took karini in his hand and gave her a comforting smile . 
 her goose bumps disappeared , and for the first time in a week , she felt some relief . 
 `` oh , i almost forgot the most important thing ! '' 
 karini exclaimed . 
 `` oh ? 
 what is it , my dear ? 
 you have some helpful information ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 lamek told me last night that ocamar had all witches and wizards killed thirteen years ago because he was afraid of them . 
 according to the legend that his master confessed to him , only one who has magical blood running through his veins possesses the power to destroy a dragon ! 
 he swore me to secrecy . '' 
 rumbleflin 's expression changed as karini 's words gave him new hope . 
 `` that explains a lot ! 
 now i know what we must do . '' 
 karini did n't understand how this information could help the army . 
 `` rumbleflin , ocamar had them all destroyed . 
 there are no wizards or witches left , so how can this help us ? '' 
 rumbleflin smiled and said , `` but indeed there are ! 
 i have no time to explain . 
 you will have to trust me , and please do n't tell anyone else about the legend . 
 now i must go before someone finds me here . 
 i have something very important to do . 
 go back to sleep , karini , and do n't worry about the state you 're in . 
 everything will all work out just fine . 
 the time has finally come at last . '' 
 karini watched rumbleflin disappear down the hallway and wondered what that last statement meant . 
 she returned to her rose bed , and after checking to make sure lamek was still asleep , she drifted off into her own repose . 
 not only did the news of lamek 's engagement reach the elves ' ears , but word also spread to the fairies . 
 flini had been worried about karini since she had not seen her in about a week . 
 now that she heard lamek was marrying a fairy , she knew why karini was missing . 
 she was angry with herself for not telling anyone before now . 
 she 'd assumed that the absent karini had been on a secret mission for the army and was instructed not to tell anyone . 
 now she knew differently . 
 certainly , she thought , being a spy did not extend to marrying the hideous lamek ! 
 flini rushed home to her mother to tell her the horrible news before anyone else did . 
 renny was a beautiful fairy , with long , purple hair , wings , and eyelashes , and aunt to karini . 
 `` mother , something awful has happened to karini . 
 the rumor we 've heard about that awful half-bird , half-lizard , or whatever he is , creature marrying a fairy is true , and it 's karini he has chosen ! 
 he gives me the creeps , especially the way he watches us when we dance in the flower beds as if he were hypnotized or something . 
 he gives me the creeps , and he 's best friends with ocamar himself . 
 i shudder to think what karini 's life will be like being married to him . 
 oh , this is just dreadful ! '' 
 renny stared at flini in horror and said , `` that is terrible . 
 with karini taken captive and all the elves being denied grounds privileges , this can only mean one thing . '' 
 flini opened her eyes wide , put her delicate hand over her mouth in shock , and then said , `` ocamar has discovered our plot against him ! 
 oh no , everything is a mess . 
 what are we going to do , mother ? '' 
 renny looked helpless . 
 `` i do n't know , flini . 
 there 's not much we can do . 
 we ca n't get into the castle without being seen or heard . 
 i believe karini was the only fairy who could have accomplished that . 
 we have to hope that rumbleflin has a plan to rescue her . 
 if not , then our hopes of regaining the land of serenity are shattered , and karini is doomed . '' 
 chapter seven rumbleflin 's confession rumbleflin hurried back to his bedchamber . 
 he now knew the way to destroy the dragons . 
 he approached his son 's bed . 
 for a moment , he just watched him sleep . 
 poor nevaeh , he thought , i 'm so sorry you did n't get the time with rumpleflin that i have . 
 you 've suffered for the last thirteen years , and i can only imagine what it has been like to be separated from your son for so long . 
 i promise it will all be over soon . 
 rumbleflin placed his long-fingered hand on his son 's shoulder and quietly , so as not to wake the others , he said , `` rumpleflin , my son , wake up . 
 i have something to tell you , and it can not wait . '' 
 rumpleflin opened his eyes and sat up in bed . 
 `` what is it , father ? 
 are you all right ? '' 
 he rubbed his eyes , yawned , and then anxiously looked at his father , waiting for him to speak . 
 `` follow me , son . 
 put on your robe , and let 's go into the kitchen so we do n't wake the others . '' 
 when they sat down at the table , rumbleflin took a deep breath and said , `` i have just been to lamek 's bedchamber . 
 there is indeed a fairy there . 
 unfortunately , it 's karini . '' 
 rumpleflin shook his head , not wanting to believe what his father had said , but knowing in his heart that it was true ; his best friend was being held captive . 
 `` that means the rumors are true . 
 is karini all right ? '' 
 `` yes , but frightened out of her wings . 
 in spite of the bad news , she is very lucky . 
 lamek 's obsession with wanting to marry her actually saved her from death , but i ca n't get into that now . '' 
 rumpleflin said , `` poor little thing . 
 karini has always been easily frightened . 
 she 's insecure because of her parents ' death . 
 i can relate . 
 do you have a plan for her escape , father ? 
 surely you do n't plan to let her marry lamek . 
 how appalling ! 
 if we allowed that to happen , we might as well let her d ... '' rumbleflin interrupted his son . 
 he had something more pressing to tell him at the moment . 
 `` please , son , i must finish . '' 
 `` yes , i 'm sorry ; i 'm just so shocked about karini 's predicament . '' 
 `` that 's quite all right . 
 forgive me for waking you , but the news i have is just too compelling . 
 now , where was i ? 
 oh yes , as i said , i just spoke to karini and she told me something very significant . 
 but , before i tell you what that is , i have a confession to make . 
 if you 're not fully awake now , you will be soon . 
 son , i must ask you to please hear the whole story and the reasons for what we did before you pass judgment on us . 
 can you do that ? '' 
 `` wait , i do n't understand , father . 
 you 're talking gibberish . 
 who 's ` us ' and why would i judge you ? 
 really , just spit it out . 
 i 'm sure whatever it is , it 's not as terrible as you think . 
 you 're being very dramatic , although that is typical for an elf . '' 
 rumbleflin looked his son square in the eyes and said , `` son , your mother is not dead . '' 
 for a few seconds there was nothing but silence . 
 then rumpleflin said , `` i 'm sorry , what did you say ? '' 
 `` your ears did not deceive you , son . 
 your mother is not dead . '' 
 `` but , how can that be ? 
 the dragons , the fire ... . 
 i was there . 
 i was only three , but i remember the flames engulfing the house and you telling me that she died in the burning house . 
 you tried to save both of us , but you could only save me . 
 why do you say such things now ? 
 did karini tell you that she learned mother escaped the fire ; that she 's alive and being held prisoner somewhere ? 
 i do n't understand any of this . '' 
 rumbleflin reached across the table to hold rumpleflin 's hand . 
 `` it is complicated , son . 
 i will explain about karini in a moment , but i must tell you about your mother first . '' 
 rumpleflin closed his eyes . 
 what could be so awful that his father had lied about his mother 's death ? 
 a lump was rising in his throat and his heart was racing . 
 `` go on , father . 
 please , i want to hear the truth . '' 
 rumbleflin explained to his son about nevaeh being a witch , the fire , and why he had to lie to him . 
 `` your mother did not want to leave you , son . 
 it was very hard for her . 
 it was hard for both of us . 
 but it was the only way to save both of you at the same time . 
 ocamar would have killed her if she had stayed here , and she could n't take you with her because mount flog is extremely cold . 
 as leader of the elves , i could n't go with her , so i stayed here with you so that all three of us were protected from death . '' 
 rumpleflin let go of his father 's hand abruptly and asked , `` why did you wait so long to tell me this ? 
 i have n't been a child for a long time now , father . 
 i 'm sixteen ! '' 
 the tone of rumpleflin 's voice had changed , and rumbleflin knew his son was angry . 
 rumpleflin continued , `` i do n't understand what any of this has to do with karini or why it all of the sudden became urgent . 
 you 've waited thirteen years to tell me the truth , and now you make the confession in the middle of the night ? '' 
 `` yes , that must seem a little confusing . 
 you see , lamek told karini a secret that only he and ocamar knew . 
 when karini told me this secret , i knew it was time to tell you the truth , because you are the answer . 
 you are the one who can destroy the dragons . '' 
 `` that 's great , now i 'm more confused than i was a minute ago , father . 
 what do you mean i am the one who can destroy the dragons ? 
 i know that you said that the legend about no one being able to destroy a dragon might be false , but how can you be sure lamek did n't lie to karini ? 
 perhaps he lied to trap you , and thus have all of us executed for treason . 
 have you thought about that ? '' 
 `` yes , i have thought about it , and i believe lamek told karini the truth . 
 it makes sense that ocamar ordered all witches and wizards be destroyed if he feared them . 
 as i have always thought , the legend goes beyond what we knew of it . 
 lamek says that those with magical blood possess the power to kill dragons , which is where you fit into all of this . '' 
 `` you mean because my mother was a witch ? 
 that would make me half-wizard . 
 i have magical blood running through my veins , '' exclaimed rumpleflin . 
 `` i knew you would catch on quickly . 
 you are the answer . 
 you can destroy the dragons and restore the land of serenity . 
 you can reunite our family . '' 
 rumpleflin ran his hands through his black hair , shook his head , and replied , `` perhaps i could , father . 
 but that does n't mean i plan to . '' 
 chapter eight love and sacrifice it was the night before the wedding , and karini lay sobbing on her rose bed . 
 she heard the combination of feet hopping up and down and the flapping of wings , signaling that lamek was approaching . 
 karini thought , rumbleflin said he did n't foresee us marrying . 
 he must 've been wrong . 
 the time of the ceremony is drawing near . 
 `` i marwy kawini tomorwow ! 
 yippee ! 
 yippee ! '' 
 lamek entered the room . 
 in his hand he held a tiny gold box , and his smile was as wide as he could manage . 
 `` i got you a wedding pwesent , kawini . 
 here , open . '' 
 lamek handed karini the box , and she slowly lifted the lid . 
 her eyes welled up with tears again as she lingered over a gorgeous ring resting in the box . 
 she 'd never seen anything as beautiful . 
 the band was gold , and it had a clear , shiny stone on the top , cut into an octagonal shape . 
 `` oh my goodness ! 
 lamek , please , i really ca n't accept this , '' she said , attempting to hand him back the box . 
 `` kawini , what 's wong ? 
 why ca n't you accept it ? 
 do n't you wike it ? 
 ocamar says it 's a diamond wing . 
 he says it is verwy valuable -lrb- whatever that means -rrb- . 
 he said the wing is fit for a pwincess . 
 also , some say diamonds have special powers to pwotect those who wear them . 
 i always want to pwotect you , kawini . '' 
 karini began to sob . 
 `` why are you cwying ? 
 pwease do n't cwy . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , lamek . 
 the ring is exquisite , and i love it . 
 i never thought i would get to see a diamond , much less wear one , '' she replied . 
 lamek handed her one of his handkerchiefs from the table by his nest . 
 this made karini wonder if he often cried himself to sleep . 
 `` the ring is thoughtful , lamek . 
 but , i am still very unhappy , '' she added . 
 `` tell me what will make you happy and i will see that you get your wish , '' lamek said . 
 `` i 'm afraid that 's not possible , lamek . 
 you see , what would make me happy is my freedom . '' 
 lamek looked down at the floor with a frown , `` if fweedom is what you want , fweedom is what i gwant you . '' 
 karini shook her head from side to side and exclaimed , `` you do n't understand . 
 i 'm telling you i do n't want to marry you ; i want to leave the castle and return to my family in the flower bed . 
 certainly , you 're not going to make that wish come true , and even if you did grant me freedom , ocamar never will . '' 
 `` i wove you , kawini . 
 your happiness means morwe to me than wife itself . 
 i set you fwee . 
 go now beforwe it 's too late . 
 i will suffer the consequences . 
 you were only talking in your sleep . 
 you do n't deserve to be punished . '' 
 karini smiled through her tears at lamek . 
 `` lamek , i appreciate what you are trying to do , but i do n't want you to be punished for my escape . 
 i consider you my friend . '' 
 this was the first act of kindness anyone had shown lamek , other than ocamar . 
 he grinned and fluttered his wings . 
 `` kawini is wamek 's fwiend ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes , i would very much like to be your friend , lamek . 
 you have been kind to me . 
 well , except for hitting me over the head with that rock . 
 i forgive you though . 
 you were just doing your job . '' 
 karini bent over and kissed lamek on the top of his beak . 
 the feathers on his cheeks turned from yellow to pink . 
 `` well , kawini , i guess this is goodbye . 
 i will tell ocamar that you were gone when i awived with the wing . 
 they will search for you , so do n't weturn to the flower bed . 
 i hope one day to see you again . 
 you 're so pwetty . '' 
 karini touched lamek 's cheek and said , `` it 's what is on the inside that counts , lamek , which makes you very handsome . '' 
 `` thank you , kawini . 
 i gon na miss you . 
 pwease hide good and do n't get caught . '' 
 they hugged each other . 
 quickly , lamek flew up to the window and opened it for karini . 
 she fluttered up to the opening but looked back to say , `` this is not goodbye , lamek . 
 i 'll see you again . '' 
 she blew him a kiss and was gone . 
 lamek sat on his nest . 
 he wanted to give karini enough time to get far away from the castle before he told ocamar she had escaped through the window . 
 he knew he would get punished for letting her escape , but it was worth it to make karini happy . 
 he just hoped she had a safe place to go . 
 there was only one place karini knew was a secret from the dragons . 
 she would be lonely there , but she would be safe and warm . 
 she flew towards yelkwood forest as fast as her fairy wings could fly . 
 she thought about lamek and said a special prayer that he would not be put to death on her account . 
 she wanted very much for him to be happy and also to see him again . 
 ocamar was already in bed , but he could n't sleep . 
 tomorrow was lamek 's wedding , and he was not feeling very enthusiastic about it . 
 lamek was his friend , and ocamar felt guilty about the heartbreak that would be forthcoming when lamek discovered that karini would never love him . 
 he was also concerned about the brewing rebellion . 
 so far , none of the dragons had reported anything suspicious about the fairy or the elves . 
 he was n't sure if no news was good news or if this was the calm before the storm . 
 he would soon learn that clouds were forming in the distance . 
 there was a knock on the door . 
 `` i 'm already in bed ! 
 it better be important ! 
 who is it ? '' 
 `` it 's your servant , wamek , '' said a tearful voice . 
 `` very well then , you may come in , '' said ocamar , wondering whether karini was responsible for the tears he heard in his little friend 's voice . 
 the door opened , and there stood lamek with a handkerchief in one wing and the ring box that ocamar had given him in the other . 
 `` pardon me , mastey , may i have a word with you ? '' 
 ocamar looked at lamek , and knew something had happened . 
 `` did she escape , lamek ? '' 
 `` yes , mastey . 
 i looked evewywhere for her , but she 's gone . 
 she did n't get to see the wing . 
 maybe she would have stayed if she had seen it . 
 you said girls wike pwetty diamonds ; i guess it was me she did n't like . 
 forgive me , mastey . '' 
 ocamar sighed and then said , `` first things first , i must send out a search party . 
 i will not be as easy on the fairy this time . 
 i 'll deal with you later . 
 summon cornelius and serena . 
 they have the best eyes . 
 tell them it 's urgent , and they must return the fairy unharmed . 
 go ! '' 
 `` yes , mastey . '' 
 lamek went straight to cornelius ' and serena 's bedchambers and had them meet him in the downstairs hall . 
 he told them that karini had escaped and that they were to search for her and return her to ocamar unharmed . 
 serena had an amused look on her green scaly face , `` you mean your fiancé took off before the wedding ? 
 i 'm shocked ! 
 i thought you two were love birds . 
 oh that 's right , you are n't really a bird , you 're a lizard . 
 no , that 's not right either . 
 what are you again ? '' 
 `` extinguish your fire , serena , '' cornelius sneered . 
 `` we 're wasting time . 
 let 's go on a fairy hunt ! '' 
 `` yes , cornelius , let 's go hunting ! 
 bye , bye birdie , lizard thingy . '' 
 lamek watched the two of them take flight and quickly disappear in the direction of the flower bed . 
 he knew they would n't find her there . 
 he just hoped they would n't hurt any of her friends and family to get information . 
 now he must face ocamar again . 
 he hung his head low and slowly fluttered towards ocamar 's chambers . 
 chapter nine aura and punishment nevaeh sat knitting in a rocking chair by the fireplace in her cottage on the top of mount flog . 
 it never got warm there , and even though her blood could take the cold , she never felt warm . 
 for the past thirteen years , she 'd lived all alone in the cottage , waiting to hear from rumbleflin . 
 being a witch she could feel their auras , which helped her sanity , but her heart felt cold and empty . 
 she had wakened in the middle of the night with an odd feeling ; not to mention her cat had been acting strangely . 
 mishka was a unique , tiger-striped tabby cat who had the gift of discernment . 
 she could always tell when things were not right , and she and nevaeh communicated in their own special way . 
 nevaeh spoke to mishka , `` what has happened ? 
 rumpleflin 's having very strong emotions about something . 
 i can feel it . 
 that 's what woke me up . 
 something has changed in him significantly , has n't it ? 
 there is conflict . 
 i hope he 's safe . 
 rumbleflin promised me he would protect our son . 
 i know they 're both alive , but still , i would like to see them , even if from a distance . 
 what do you think could be the matter , mishka ? '' 
 mishka was curled up on the hearth . 
 she yawned , and went back to sleep . 
 `` thanks so much for your advice . 
 i 'll be sure to consult you again in the future ... . 
 if i were n't so afraid for their lives , i would teleport myself to yelkwood forest to see what is happening there right now . 
 i just know i would recognize my son . 
 he was the image of his father when i left him . 
 the only thing about him i can claim is his magical blood . 
 too bad he ca n't put it to use since he 's never been taught how . 
 one day he 'll learn , though , because this ca n't last forever . 
 i have to keep hope alive . 
 it 's what has kept me going all this time . 
 something 's happening there ; i just know it . 
 i do n't care what my husband said , i 'm going there . '' 
 mishka looked up at nevaeh , winked her left eye and twitched her right ear , which meant that she agreed . 
 `` thank you . 
 it 's about time you joined the conversation . 
 i do n't like talking to myself . '' 
 `` meow ! '' 
 uttered mishka , loud and nippy . 
 `` oh yes , i am taking my wand , but thank you for your concern . 
 it 's nice to know you worry about my safety . 
 i promise i 'll use the utmost caution . 
 you 'll be fine while i am gone then ? '' 
 `` meeooow , '' replied mishka , soft and slow this time . 
 she began cleaning herself letting nevaeh know that her interest in this conversation was over . 
 `` farewell then , i shall see you soon . '' 
 nevaeh tucked her wand safely in her robe , snapped her fingers , and vanished . 
 within seconds , she was in yelkwood forest . 
 it seemed empty , which was a relief . 
 right away , she noticed the old entrance to the secret cave . 
 she was n't sure how much of a secret it was now after thirteen years , but she decided she would check it out for old time 's sake . 
 it had been the place she and rumbleflin used to sneak off to when they were courting . 
 it was their secret place . 
 those were the days . 
 karini was sleeping behind the large rock at the back of the cave when nevaeh quietly entered . 
 nevaeh sensed that she was not alone in the cave . 
 looking around , she spied the fairy . 
 bending over , she lightly tapped karini on the shoulder , `` excuse me , little fairy , '' she whispered . 
 there was no reaction , so she spoke louder , saying , `` hello ! 
 are you dead ? '' 
 karini woke a little startled but still half asleep and said , `` i 'm not dead , just sleeping . '' 
 `` that 's good to know , '' replied nevaeh . 
 now that karini was awake , she sat up in alarm , `` who are you , and how did you find this cave ? '' 
 `` who i am is insignificant right now , and i 've known about this cave for at least twenty years . 
 and you are ? '' 
 `` i 'm not telling if you 're not , '' replied karini . 
 nevaeh smiled at the little pink fairy who was obviously scared to death . 
 she liked her attitude . 
 `` you are hiding from someone , are you not ? '' 
 karini answered , `` well , yes . 
 i 'm certainly not here because i like this place . 
 fairies prefer soft , scented petals for beds , and sunshine helps as well . 
 neither is in here . '' 
 nevaeh looked around at the bare walls in the cave and the lack of color and light . 
 `` good point . 
 i never really paid attention to how gloomy and lonely it is in here . 
 i guess it did n't matter then , for i was never alone . '' 
 karini asked , `` who was with you when you came in here , your boyfriend ? '' 
 `` how did you guess ? '' 
 karini answered , `` because , if i had a boyfriend , he would definitely be with me right now . '' 
 nevaeh smiled at karini again and asked , `` are you hiding from ocamar ? '' 
 karini did n't know what to say . 
 what if this lady worked for ocamar ? 
 well , if she did , she was in deep trouble anyway . 
 but she seemed so friendly . 
 it would be nice to have someone on her side . 
 `` i wo n't tell you from whom i am hiding , my name , or why i 'm hiding until you at least tell me your name . '' 
 `` fair enough , my name is nevaeh . 
 have you heard of me ? '' 
 karini 's face turned white as if she 'd seen a ghost . 
 she 'd heard the name nevaeh many times , and she had thought it was a very lovely name . 
 she and rumpleflin used to talk about their dead parents a lot when they were alone . 
 rumpleflin 's mother 's name had been nevaeh . 
 `` fairy , are you all right ? '' 
 asked nevaeh with concern . 
 `` are you a ghost ? '' 
 asked karini , slowly backing away from nevaeh . 
 `` i 'm not telling . 
 i gave you my name ; now it 's your turn , '' stated nevaeh . 
 karini continued backing up until she hit the wall . 
 `` karini is my name , and yes i am hiding from ocamar . 
 i was locked up in his castle for treason , but i escaped . 
 i 'm sure by now he has a couple of his best dragons looking for me . 
 that 's why i came here to hide . 
 now , are you a ghost , or not ? '' 
 karini spit the question out so fast , she barely understood herself . 
 nevaeh could n't help laughing . 
 she 'd always enjoyed conversations with fairies . 
 karini was particularly entertaining , and it was so nice to actually talk to someone other than mishka . 
 `` relax , i 'm not a ghost . 
 may i ask why you think i am ? '' 
 `` my friend rumpleflin 's mother was named nevaeh . 
 she died in a fire caused by the dragons thirteen years ago . 
 i never met her ; rumpleflin and i did n't know each other then . 
 he does n't remember much about her because he was only three when she died , but he talks to me about her a lot . 
 i understand because my parents both died when i was young . 
 they went on holiday to a field of wildflowers that was far away and never returned . 
 we think they were eaten by a big bird like an eagle or an owl . '' 
 nevaeh said , `` i 'm very sorry to hear that . 
 who were your parents , karini ? '' 
 `` kastor and karina dook , '' she answered . 
 nevaeh smiled and nodded , `` i knew them well . 
 the last time i saw your mother , she was pregnant with you . 
 you made her very happy even then . 
 she would be very proud of you now , escaping from a dragon 's castle and hiding out all by yourself , not to mention how beautiful you are . '' 
 karini was confused . 
 `` how did you know my parents ? 
 did you used to live in the land of serenity ? '' 
 `` yes , i did . 
 you could say that i vanished into thin air and now i have returned for a visit . 
 now , please tell me more about this friend of yours . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 asked karini , unsure of nevaeh 's interest in rumpleflin . 
 nevaeh explained , `` he sounds very interesting and also because he is my son . '' 
 karini put the back of her small hand on her forehead and fainted on the spot . 
 lamek entered ocamar 's chambers once more , looking more depressed than ever . 
 ocamar pointed a long claw to a chair in front of him . 
 lamek sat down and looked at the floor . 
 `` mastey ... i '' `` silence , '' interrupted ocamar , `` there is no need for excuses . 
 you 've been with me too long . 
 you know better . 
 you were blinded by karini 's beauty and obviously fooled . 
 i 've taken this into consideration , along with the fact that you saved my life , and you have been more loyal than any other servant or friend i 've ever had . 
 nevertheless , i can not allow this kind of lapse again . 
 therefore , since you can not control yourself in the presence of fairies , you are forbidden to enter the flower bed to watch them anymore . 
 that is your punishment , and i suggest you leave my presence before i change my mind . 
 goodnight . '' 
 ocamar pointed another long claw this time towards the door . 
 lamek spread his wings and gave his master a deep bow . 
 `` thank you , mastey , goodbye and goodnight to you , too . '' 
 ocamar watched lamek leave the room . 
 he was glad he had not been harder on his little friend . 
 ocamar could see that lamek 's heart was broken by karini 's escape ; he would make sure she paid dearly for that once she was re-captured . 
 chapter ten defiance and persuasion rumbleflin looked at his son , astonished by his attitude . 
 `` what do you mean you do n't plan to ? 
 it is your destiny . 
 you are the only one left besides your mother who can destroy ocamar . 
 you must see that . 
 if you 're angry with me , that 's understandable , but do n't deprive everyone else of their freedom because you are being stubborn . '' 
 rumpleflin said in a slightly raised voice and through gritted teeth , `` i just took in a lot of shocking information , father . 
 certainly you do n't expect me to suddenly jump up and go save the whole land . 
 besides , i do n't know anything about magic . 
 i do n't know any magic words or spells . 
 i do n't possess a wand or a broom . 
 for goodness sake , i do n't even have a cat ! '' 
 by this time , rumpleflin was speaking above a normal tone of voice , and as a result , they were joined by some other elves . 
 `` is everything all right , rumbleflin ? '' 
 asked kinster . 
 `` yes , kinster , it will be . 
 thank you . 
 i apologize that we have startled you all . 
 we were having a family discussion and my son forgot his manners for a second . 
 please , go back to your beds and get some rest . '' 
 `` i apologize for waking you , '' added rumpleflin , `` but i had every right to forget my manners , if that 's what he wants to call it . 
 you asked my father if everything was all right , but you did n't bother to ask me . 
 if you had , i would 've told you that things are definitely not all right for me . 
 i just found out that i have the whole fate of our land resting on my shoulders , and i 'm supposed to be happy about it . 
 well , i 'm not . 
 now , if you will excuse me , i am going to go visit a friend who has always been there for me and who probably needs me as well . '' 
 `` wait ! 
 you ca n't go there ; it 's not safe , especially when you are angry , '' said a worried rumbleflin . 
 `` no ? 
 well watch me , father . 
 that 's exactly where i 'm going , '' replied an angry rumpleflin , before storming out of the kitchen and down the hall . 
 none of the elves understood what was happening . 
 kinster asked the question that every elf was thinking , `` rumbleflin , what is going on here ? 
 what does he mean by the fate of our land resting on his shoulders ? 
 he is only sixteen . 
 he must be mistaken . '' 
 kinster sat at the table and looked at rumbleflin awaiting an explanation of rumpleflin 's drama . 
 the other elves sat down , too , and looked at rumbleflin with anticipation . 
 `` my dear friends , '' rumbleflin began , `` there is much to clarify ; however , i am sorry to say i can not enlighten you tonight . 
 i must think about what my son and i have been discussing , and then i will share the details with you . 
 you must trust me on this and go back to bed . 
 i will make clear though , because most of you have been concerned , the fairy that was captured and ordered to marry lamek is none other than karini . 
 she is the friend my son is on his way to visit . 
 hopefully she can help him with his problem . '' 
 rumbleflin stood up and left the kitchen to retire to his bedchamber . 
 he looked at rumpleflin 's empty bed and sighed . 
 he hoped karini would persuade his son to fulfill his destiny . 
 rumpleflin peeked into lamek 's little room . 
 lamek was asleep on his nest , with a pile of crumpled up handkerchiefs on the floor beside him . 
 the flame of the lit candle was flickering wildly , which made rumpleflin look around in search of a draft . 
 he noticed the window was open . 
 that explained the wild flame , and it also explained why he could n't seem to spot karini . 
 rumpleflin said to himself , `` she must 've escaped through the window , and it looks like lamek 's been crying over her disappearance . 
 i almost feel sorry for him . 
 i hope karini is safe . '' 
 rumpleflin eventually returned to his bed . 
 where else could he go ? 
 he had no idea what he was going to do . 
 he was furious with his father , and on top of all that , he was worried about his best friend . 
 how he wished he knew how to use magic because he would certainly use it right now to find his mother . 
 no one but his mother could teach him , and she was miles away . 
 the more he thought about it , the more he became determined that he should find a way to get to mount flog and see her . 
 he closed his eyes and tried to remember what she 'd been like , but all he kept seeing was flames . 
 tears began falling down his cheeks . 
 he cried until the tears would no longer fall and then fell fast asleep . 
 rumbleflin heard the sounds of his son 's sobs and fought the urge to console him . 
 but he knew it would only make things worse than they already were . 
 in the morning , he would try to persuade his son to reconsider his decision ; that is , if karini had not succeeded in persuading him to help the rebellion . 
 chapter eleven karini 's first mission morning came very early for rumbleflin and his son . 
 rumbleflin sat up in his bed and slipped on his shoes . 
 rumpleflin did exactly the same thing . 
 then , rumpleflin remembered what had happened the night before , and quickly turned away from his father . 
 `` good morning , rumpleflin . 
 i take it you did n't sleep any better than i did . 
 this is not the time to give me the silent treatment , since today we need to help karini escape from ocamar . 
 let 's focus on her , rather than on our fight last night . 
 also , the other elves want an explanation of last night 's argument , so please tell me what you 'd like me to tell them . 
 or , if you 'd like , you may tell them yourself . 
 the choice is yours . '' 
 rumpleflin gave his father the i do n't really care what you tell them look , slumped his shoulders , and sighed . 
 `` i guess i should be the one to explain ; although i 'm still trying to sort out the details myself . 
 is there any part of this you would like for me to keep secret , father ? '' 
 rumbleflin replied , `` yes , for your mother 's safety , i would prefer that you not mention her to the others . 
 just share with them the information about the legend . 
 they already know you have magical blood , which was n't significant until now . '' 
 `` very well , i have news for you , too , father . '' 
 rumbleflin looked at his son wondering what he was about to tell him . 
 `` is it good or bad news ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 last night when i went to see karini , she was not with lamek . 
 he was asleep in his nest , with several used handkerchiefs on the floor beside him . 
 also , the window was open , so you can imagine what i assume has happened . '' 
 rumbleflin did not hold a look of surprise since he 'd already foretold that karini would not marry lamek that day ; he just did n't know how she was going to get out of it . 
 `` karini is a very smart fairy and extremely quiet . 
 she either escaped without lamek noticing or she sweet-talked him into setting her free . 
 either way , i hope she was smart enough not to go back to the flower bed . 
 if ocamar does n't know about this by now , he soon will . 
 he will have serena and cornelius out looking for her . 
 we both know that there is only one place the dragons will not look for her . '' 
 rumpleflin nodded his head in agreement . 
 `` your thoughts are exactly like mine , father . 
 if we are correct , karini is safe within yelkwood forest in the secret cave . '' 
 the first place the dragons searched was the flower bed where karini lived . 
 `` open up in the name of ocamar , greatest of all dragons ! '' 
 shouted cornelius , outside renny 's home . 
 one of the fairies in the flower bed told them that karini 's only living relatives were renny and flini . 
 `` flini , hide quickly . 
 i 'll handle this , '' said renny . 
 renny 's home was a small mushroom that had only two rooms : a bedroom that she shared with her daughter and another room that they used as a kitchen and parlor . 
 flini hid in a cupboard as her mother opened the small door . 
 renny fluttered outside and had to look way up to see who was calling . 
 in front of her were two gigantic dragons . 
 they were looking down at her , waiting for her to speak . 
 renny shivered because she 'd never been this close to a dragon before , and these two did n't look like they had come for tea . 
 she gulped and said in her sweetest voice , `` well , hello there . 
 good day to you both . 
 i would invite you in , but you are obviously too big ! 
 shall i bring some tea outside ? '' 
 she paused and then added , `` no , i take that back . 
 i do n't have any cups that would do the job . 
 how can i be of service to you ? '' 
 this time it was serena who spoke , `` are you renny ? '' 
 `` why , yes , i am . '' 
 `` excellent . 
 we are looking for karini . 
 tell us where we can find her . '' 
 renny shook her head and said , `` i do n't know where she is ; no one has heard from her in almost two weeks . 
 rumor has it that she 's marrying that creature that lives in the castle . 
 perhaps you should check with him about where she is . '' 
 `` what about your daughter ? 
 has she heard anything ? '' 
 asked cornelius . 
 `` if she had , she would 've told me . 
 honestly , i wish i did know where karini was . 
 as i said , i thought she was in the castle . 
 why are you asking all these questions ? 
 you have me very worried now . 
 what has happened ? '' 
 serena said , `` we do n't know the details . 
 last minute jitters , i presume . 
 i would n't want to marry lamek either , the little freak ! '' 
 serena spit on the ground just missing renny who would have been soaked with boiling saliva if she had n't quickly moved out of the range of fire . 
 `` you mean she ran away ? '' 
 asked renny , fluttering around in case the female dragon decided to spit again . 
 `` precisely ! 
 do you know if karini has a secret place where she could be hiding ? '' 
 `` no , if she had a secret place , it would be a secret to everyone , including me . 
 i can tell you that she would not jeopardize the lives of all the fairies by hiding in any of the flower beds . '' 
 cornelius bent his head way down so he could be face to face with renny and said , `` for your sake and your daughter 's , we better not find out you 're hiding her here . 
 i would hate to torch your cozy little mushroom . 
 come , serena , we 're done here . 
 let 's search somewhere else . '' 
 serena spit again before they both flew on to the next search site . 
 renny hurried inside , her heart racing with fear . 
 flini looked at her mother and said , `` i know where she is , mother . 
 thank goodness they did n't question me , as i 'm not a good liar . '' 
 `` where is she , flini ? 
 you must tell me . 
 she is probably all alone and scared to death . '' 
 `` yes , i am sure she is alone . 
 i have no doubt that she is scared , but she should be safe . 
 she 's most likely hiding in the secret cave ; you know the one where the army had its first meeting . 
 with everything that 's happened , i do n't believe we 're ever going to meet there again . 
 there 's no way rumbleflin will be able to leave the castle to lead the meetings . 
 ocamar must have been tipped off somehow . 
 he 's probably watching the elves like a hawk , trying to get proof of conspiracy . 
 thank goodness karini got away . 
 i must go and make sure she 's all right . '' 
 renny grabbed flini , `` no way , flini , it 's too dangerous ! 
 ocamar may have spies watching the flower beds . 
 we have to hope that karini can take care of herself . 
 she may not be the bravest fairy , but she is very bright . 
 she 'll be careful . 
 i 'm sorry , my child , this is the way it has to be . 
 we 'll have to stay put , and hope for the best . '' 
 after karini woke up from her fainting spell , she and nevaeh stayed up the whole night talking . 
 nevaeh explained everything to her about faking her death and about mount flog . 
 karini listened very intently to nevaeh . 
 she wished she could tell rumpleflin . 
 he thought his mother was dead . 
 `` rumpleflin is going to be shocked and thrilled when he finds out you 're alive , '' said karini . 
 `` yes , i hope he is thrilled . 
 he is sixteen , so it is likely that he will be angry with me for leaving him . 
 i 'm sure he will be upset with his father . '' 
 `` yes , you have a point , but i know rumpleflin . 
 he 'll get over being angry , and then he will understand . '' 
 `` i hope you 're right , karini . '' 
 karini proceeded to tell nevaeh all about the army and their rebellious plot against ocamar . 
 she also told her a lot of little details about rumpleflin growing up , like how much he loved to climb trees and how they used to sit in a big oak tree and talk for hours . 
 she told nevaeh that he had black hair and was already taller than his father . 
 nevaeh sat back and hung onto every word . 
 as karini was talking , she suddenly remembered the legend about those with magical blood . 
 `` nevaeh , since you are a witch that makes rumpleflin a wizard , right ? '' 
 `` partly , yes ; why ? '' 
 `` because lamek told me a secret no one is supposed to know except him and ocamar . '' 
 karini told nevaeh the whole story about the legend and that she had told rumbleflin . 
 she told her how excited he 'd been when he 'd found out and how he said that the time had come at last . 
 nevaeh nodded her head and said , `` that 's why i could n't sleep . 
 i felt my son 's emotions . 
 rumbleflin must have finally told him the truth right after he talked with you . 
 my son and i can destroy ocamar and take back our land . 
 he must be feeling all sorts of emotions right now . 
 i wish i could see him . '' 
 nevaeh covered her face with her hands and began to cry . 
 karini did n't know what to do . 
 she wanted to help but did n't know how . 
 `` nevaeh , help me think . 
 somehow we must find out if rumbleflin has a plan . 
 he has no way of contacting the army , and i doubt he would try an attack from the inside now that he knows his son is the only one who can kill the dragons . '' 
 nevaeh thought for a moment about what had to be done and then she looked at karini with a sad expression . 
 `` karini , you agreed to be a spy for the army , right ? '' 
 `` yes , i did , but not because i wanted to do it . 
 rumbleflin convinced me that i was the only one who could do it since i am the fastest and quietest fairy . '' 
 `` well , he was correct , my dear . 
 you are our best hope for spying on ocamar . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 karini asked , not sure she wanted to hear the answer . 
 nevaeh explained her idea , `` i need you to sneak back into the castle and tell rumbleflin i have returned and will be helping him lead the army . 
 i also want you to deliver a note to my son . 
 tell him to read it silently and do what it says . '' 
 karini 's expression changed to shock . 
 `` are you out of your mind ? 
 you actually want me to sneak back into the place where i just escaped ? 
 you might as well just fly me straight to ocamar 's chambers on your broomstick ! '' 
 `` karini , the last thing ocamar will suspect is that you would come back willingly . 
 he wo n't have the castle windows watched . 
 just go to the window while it is still early on the elves ' side of the castle and look in . 
 i 'm sure you 'll be let in and out quickly without any dragons seeing you . 
 if you do n't return within the hour , i will come and rescue you . 
 please , karini , i need you to be brave . '' 
 karini bit her bottom lip and looked away from nevaeh towards the bare wall . 
 after a minute of pondering , she said , `` write your note , and i will be on my way . '' 
 `` thank you , karini . 
 this will all be over soon and everyone in the land will be grateful to you . '' 
 not long after , nevaeh handed karini a small piece of parchment . 
 `` i put an enchantment on it in case you are caught . 
 it will only be readable to one person , my son . 
 that way , if anyone else finds it , they 'll just think it 's a blank piece of paper and wo n't know our plans . 
 i 'm not telling you my plans either . 
 that way , if you 're questioned , you can give an honest answer . 
 if you 're caught , pretend you felt guilty about lamek and returned to marry him . 
 then , wait for my rescue . 
 hopefully , that wo n't happen . 
 now , go quickly . 
 i 'll see you soon . '' 
 chapter twelve taking flight cornelius and serena returned to the castle to find ocamar still in bed . 
 bam ! 
 bam ! 
 bam ! 
 the knock on ocamar 's chamber door startled him , `` what is it ? '' 
 `` sir , we have returned from our hunt , '' said cornelius . 
 `` may we enter ? '' 
 `` i suppose , '' answered ocamar , suspecting they 'd been unsuccessful and not looking forward to hearing their lousy excuses . 
 the two dragons opened the huge door , walked in , and sat in front of ocamar 's bed . 
 they looked at each other , not sure which one should speak first . 
 ocamar was irritable and thus impatient , `` spit it out you two ! 
 do n't waste my time ! '' 
 serena spoke first , `` sir , we searched the whole kingdom : every tree hole , every mushroom , and every cottage . 
 we questioned everyone , but had no luck . '' 
 she swallowed hard , not brave enough to spit in her master 's chambers , and looked down at the floor , awaiting a lecture from ocamar . 
 ocamar said , `` i am not surprised . 
 i could have told you she would n't go back to her home , you idiots . 
 are you sure you searched everywhere ? '' 
 serena replied , `` yes , sir , we searched everywhere . '' 
 `` so that means you also searched yelkwood forest ? '' 
 cornelius and serena looked at one another in surprise . 
 cornelius said , `` sir , you always said it was forbidden . '' 
 `` it is forbidden ... to those who would use it against us , you imbeciles ! 
 if you were a tiny fairy and needed a place to hide , do n't you think you could find a place there ? '' 
 `` yes , sir , hundreds of places , '' admitted cornelius . 
 `` then i suggest you start thinking like a fairy and look in every nook and cranny inside that forest . 
 do not bother to return without her . 
 you are dismissed ! '' 
 rumbleflin and his son sat down with the other elves at the table in the kitchen . 
 quietly , rumpleflin began telling them all about the legend , withholding all information about his mother 's faked death , of course . 
 the elves did n't move a muscle while listening , and since rumpleflin was whispering , the tapping on the window scared them all half to death . 
 `` my goodness , it 's karini , '' said rumbleflin , who hurried over to the window . 
 he opened it a crack for karini , who went straight to rumpleflin with the small piece of parchment . 
 `` read that and do not repeat its contents to anyone , '' she said in a hurry . 
 rumpleflin watched karini flutter back to his father and ask to speak to him privately . 
 he watched them leave the kitchen and then opened the parchment and began reading : to my beloved son , by now , i am sure you know the truth . 
 i hope you can find it in your heart to forgive your father and me . 
 i have returned home and am hiding in the secret cave in yelkwood forest . 
 i have confided in karini , and she has confided in me . 
 we both agree you are the `` chosen one '' and that you must fulfill your destiny . 
 my dear , you are a wizard with powers you ca n't even begin to imagine , which i will teach you . 
 i want very much to see you as soon as possible . 
 you need to sneak out of the castle tonight while everyone is asleep . 
 all you need to get here is an ordinary broomstick . 
 once you have straddled it , tell it where you want it to take you . 
 trust me , it will work . 
 when you get here , we 'll conduct another meeting with the army , and we will begin your wizard training . 
 there 's a lot to learn and so little time . 
 i love you , and i ca n't wait to finally see you again . 
 do n't worry about anyone else finding this note . 
 i put an enchantment on it . 
 you 're the only one who can read it . 
 make haste and be vigilant . 
 your loving mother , nevaeh rumpleflin read the note three more times before the reality of it all set in . 
 if he obeyed his mother 's request , he would actually see her tonight , for the first time in thirteen years . 
 the thought gave him butterflies in the pit of his stomach . 
 he 'd already forgiven his mother , just as he had his father . 
 he had n't told his father yet , but he would do so tonight before he left the castle to meet his mother . 
 he quickly grabbed the broom , and excused himself from the kitchen . 
 when it was time for bed , rumbleflin lay down and told his son that nevaeh would be helping lead the army . 
 `` so , what was the parchment that karini gave you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it was a note from mother asking my forgiveness , '' rumpleflin replied . 
 `` and , is she forgiven ? '' 
 `` yes , father . 
 i have forgiven you both . 
 i now understand why you did what you did , and i probably would 've done the same thing in your shoes . 
 i just had to get over the shock of it all . 
 together , the three of us just might win against ocamar and be together again as a family . '' 
 `` well , that is a relief . 
 thank you for understanding . 
 you are far wiser than i was at sixteen . 
 i 'm very proud of you , my son . 
 does this mean you plan on fulfilling your destiny ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to give it my best shot . '' 
 `` may i ask when ? '' 
 `` you 'll know soon enough . 
 goodnight , father . 
 i am weary . '' 
 `` goodnight , son . 
 get some rest . '' 
 rumpleflin waited impatiently until 2:00 a.m. before he quietly got out of bed and went to the kitchen to fetch the broom . 
 the butterflies that were in his stomach earlier , now felt like eagles ' talons tearing at his insides , and he fought the urge to vomit . 
 he was a little uncertain about how the broomstick ride would go . 
 opening the window , he straddled the broomstick and aimed it towards the window . 
 he was surprised when right away the broom levitated enough that his feet were about a foot off the ground . 
 he was swaying from side to side as it was hard to keep his balance . 
 after settling into a comfortable position , he spoke the command , `` to the secret cave in yelkwood forest ! '' 
 zoom ! 
 rumpleflin flew out the window like a rocket ; he was taking his first flight . 
 the cold night air cut through his body like a knife , but he held on tightly and was able to stay in the upright position . 
 in no time at all , he was flying just above the treetops of yelkwood forest , so as not to attract the attention of the dragons . 
 he kept looking behind to see if any of them were following him . 
 his nerves were getting worse by the second . 
 suddenly the broom pointed straight down towards the ground . 
 rumpleflin held on tight , realizing that he did n't know how to land . 
 `` aaaaaahh !!! '' 
 slam ! 
 rumpleflin landed on the grassy ground with a thud , followed by a few somersaults before rolling to a stop . 
 he stood up , brushed himself off , and looked around . 
 immediately he saw the entrance to the secret cave . 
 his feet could n't move fast enough . 
 he was ready to see his mother , ready to learn magic , and ready to fulfill his destiny . 
 rumbleflin lay quietly awake in his bed , with a big smile on his face . 
 he knew that his son was up to something , and he knew his wife well enough to know that she wrote more on that parchment than a plea for forgiveness . 
 he 'd crept down the stairs behind his son and watched rumpleflin mount the broom and take flight . 
 he knew exactly where he was going , and he was happy . 
 soon his family would be reunited and that was the best news he 'd had in thirteen years . 
 chapter thirteen a long awaited reunion nevaeh was pacing the cave . 
 she knew that rumpleflin had received her note because karini had returned safely earlier that evening . 
 the anxiety of not knowing his reaction was killing her . 
 she had nothing to do but wait . 
 while karini was gone , she had kept busy by knitting the brave little fairy a beautiful blanket and soft pillow to keep her comfortable at night in the cave . 
 that had distracted her for a little bit . 
 karini arrived back at the cave extremely fatigued , so she was very pleased when she saw her gift . 
 as soon as she thanked nevaeh , she curled up with the blanket and pillow and fell fast asleep . 
 she was clearly exhausted , not only physically but mentally . 
 her fairy wings were worn out . 
 nevaeh decided karini should not take any more long trips for a while . 
 nevaeh thought about her son and what she would say to rumpleflin when she saw him . 
 she knew what she was going to ask him , but , would he do as she requested , she wondered ? 
 she believed in her heart that he would . 
 `` i wonder what time it is ... , '' she said to herself . 
 then she withdrew her wand , pointed at the wall and said , `` horologe manifesto ! '' 
 a black and white cat-shaped clock , with a pendulum tail and eyes that moved back and forth in rhythm , appeared instantly . 
 nevaeh smiled , `` i love magic ! '' 
 the time on the cat clock 's face showed 2:15 a.m. nevaeh 's smile quickly changed to a frown , `` rumpleflin should 've been here by now . 
 he must not be coming . '' 
 `` here i am , mother , '' said a voice from behind her . 
 nevaeh turned around and looked into the face of her sixteen-year-old son . 
 she would 've known him anywhere . 
 he still had his dimples and shiny black hair , and he looked even more like his father than he had at three , especially his ears and fingers . 
 tears began to fall down her cheeks . 
 she smiled and wiped them away but more tears followed . 
 rumpleflin felt a lump build in his throat and he fought to hold it back . 
 now that he saw his mother , he remembered how she 'd looked . 
 she did n't look much different than she had thirteen years ago since witches age so well . 
 she still had long black hair and big beautiful green eyes . 
 he had blue eyes like his father . 
 nevaeh reached out her arms to her son in hopes of an embrace . 
 rumpleflin did n't hesitate before he ran into her arms and began to cry on her shoulders . 
 they stood for a while just holding each other , floods of memories overtaking both of them . 
 rumpleflin kept inhaling deeply , using his sense of smell to bring back wonderful memories . 
 `` cloves , you always smelled like cloves , '' he said to her . 
 `` and you always smelled like dirt . 
 you loved to play in the dirt . 
 surprisingly , at sixteen , you smell like you still do . '' 
 `` oh that ! 
 i sort of had a crash landing outside , '' rumpleflin admitted . 
 nevaeh released her son and looked at his clothes still covered in blades of grass , leaves , and dirt . 
 then she burst into laughter , as she pulled a leaf out of his hair . 
 he started laughing as well . 
 they hugged again , this time while laughing , and thus woke karini . 
 `` you came ! 
 i 'm so glad . 
 i knew you would ! '' 
 `` yes , karini , i wanted very badly to see my mother and get our land back from the dragons . 
 by the way , mother , i have forgiven you and father . 
 i told him earlier before i left . 
 i understand your measures . '' 
 `` thank you , son ; karini said you would . 
 now , we have much work to do , and we must be swift . 
 we ca n't summon the elves tonight for obvious reasons , but we should still have the dwarves and the forest animals assemble here . '' 
 `` and the fairies , '' said karini . 
 `` yes , the fairies , too . '' 
 nevaeh continued , `` karini , it is not safe for you to return to the flower beds to summon the fairies , so i am going to ask the fireflies to do so . 
 there are many of them so they can do the work in a short amount of time without alerting the dragons and their spies as to what we are doing . 
 i 'll teleport into the mountains and summon the dwarves . 
 rumpleflin , you can summon the animals in the forest . 
 that should take care of everyone who is able to make it tonight . 
 we should do this right away while it 's still dark so the army can not be easily spotted coming here . 
 rumpleflin , we 'll start your training after the meeting . '' 
 `` mother , i know that we do n't have much time , but what do i do in case i need to defend myself ? '' 
 `` oh , i am glad you brought that up . 
 i have your wand here with me . '' 
 nevaeh reached inside her robe and removed a long ivory-colored wand with an ebony handle . 
 on its side , in fancy black writing , were two words that rumpleflin did not understand . 
 nevaeh noticed his confusion , `` the inscription is in old elvish , and it means elf-wizard . 
 i had this wand made especially for you before you were born . 
 it 's never been used . '' 
 rumpleflin said with delight , `` it 's brilliant ! 
 thank you , mother , except i do n't know how to use it . '' 
 `` the wand will know its owner . 
 it will do as you say , '' she replied . 
 `` well , what would i say if i needed to destroy an enemy ? '' 
 `` you would point the wand directly at your target and say , ` extermitus . ' 
 trust me , it works on anything . 
 well , we never knew it would work on dragons because we never tried because of the legend . 
 we 'd always heard that no man could kill a dragon , so we assumed we could n't either . 
 obviously , magic is what destroys them . 
 go ahead and try it on that clock on the wall . '' 
 when rumpleflin took the wand from his mother , he immediately felt immense confidence and power . 
 he pointed the wand towards the clock and said , `` extermitus ! '' 
 a stunning bolt of lightning shot out of the wand . 
 unfortunately , it missed the clock and hit the wall about a foot from where the clock hung . 
 then , it bounced off the wall and headed back towards the three of them . 
 `` get down ! '' 
 shouted rumpleflin . 
 rumpleflin and nevaeh fell to the cave floor with their hands over their heads while karini just flew around dodging the flashing bolt . 
 she was also laughing hysterically . 
 the bolt kept bouncing from wall to wall . 
 finally , nevaeh turned over , pointed her wand at it and said , `` haltus ! '' 
 at once , the bolt came to a halt in midair . 
 subsequently , nevaeh got up from the ground , walked over to the lightning bolt , touched it with the end of her wand , and said , `` ebbisto . '' 
 immediately , the bolt disappeared into thin air . 
 `` sorry about that , '' said rumpleflin . 
 `` that 's all right , son . 
 you had a small target , which makes it very difficult . 
 i 'm sure you would n't miss a dragon . 
 try again . '' 
 the sound of karini laughing caused rumpleflin to give her a dirty look . 
 `` shut up , karini ! 
 i 'd like to see you do better ! '' 
 then she said , still giggling , `` i 'm sorry , rumpleflin , but i wish you could 've seen the look on your face . '' 
 her snickering continued . 
 `` okay , i 'm glad you had a good laugh but seriously ! '' 
 rumpleflin said , stomping his foot . 
 karini straightened her face , `` okay , i 'm done . 
 try again . '' 
 rumpleflin pointed his wand at the clock again , `` extermitus ! '' 
 this time , the bolt hit the clock right in the face and the whole thing exploded , leaving a pile of smoldering debris on the floor of the cave . 
 rumpleflin walked over to the pile of ashes , pointed his wand , and said , `` ebbisto ! '' 
 the ashes vanished . 
 `` well done , rumpleflin , '' said karini , as she clapped her elegant hands and fluttered her tired wings . 
 nevaeh was smiling from ear to ear . 
 `` that was excellent , son . 
 you 'll be a great wizard in no time at all . '' 
 `` thank you , mother ; shall we go then ? '' 
 `` there 's one more thing . '' 
 nevaeh flashed her wand into the air and commanded the scroll with the list of names of those in the army to appear . 
 in a flash , the scroll was in her hands . 
 she quickly scanned it and then gave it to rumpleflin . 
 `` take the scroll and summon the animals , rumpleflin , i 'll alert the fireflies in yelkwood forest about what to do and then summon the dwarves . 
 karini make sure you stay hidden until we return . 
 let 's hurry , we do n't have much time . '' 
 karini hid while nevaeh and rumpleflin left the secret cave and proceeded on their journey . 
 chapter fourteen summons and bloodshed nevaeh appeared on mount chesney where the dwarves had been driven to thirteen years before . 
 she was cautious because she knew that trolls lived on this mountain and they came out at night . 
 she had her wand by her side when she spotted the cave in the distance and headed for it . 
 when she was a few yards away , she could hear snoring . 
 she knew the dwarves would be asleep , and she regretted having to wake them , but waiting until morning was too risky . 
 nevaeh cautiously approached the entrance to the cave and peeked inside . 
 it was pitch black inside so she held her wand in front of her and said , `` illuminaté . '' 
 the cave lit up as she entered it . 
 before long she could see the dwarves slumbering in their beds all lined up in a row against the cave walls . 
 she searched for someone she knew and spotted finley . 
 he was lying on his side with his big feet sticking out from under the covers and his face toward nevaeh . 
 she approached his bed and leaned over to whisper in his ear . 
 `` finley , wake up . '' 
 finley did n't budge . 
 nevaeh touched his shoulder with her wand and said , `` rouse . '' 
 finley 's eyes opened and he gasped , `` ghost ! '' 
 `` no , finley , it 's okay . 
 i 'm not a ghost . 
 i did n't die in that fire . 
 listen to me , and i will explain . '' 
 finley rubbed his eyes with his stubby fists and looked at nevaeh again . 
 `` nevaeh , you 're alive ! 
 how wonderful it is to see you again . 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` i 'll explain everything , but i 'd rather tell everyone at the same time . 
 would you wake the others and have them gather around me ? '' 
 `` certainly , give me a minute , they are all deep sleepers . '' 
 nevaeh watched finley as he walked over to a huge horn hanging on the wall . 
 he took a deep breath and blew into it as hard as he could . 
 the noise was deafening , but it did the trick . 
 all of the dwarves woke up and looked around in bewilderment . 
 `` get up , you lot , we have a guest among us ! '' 
 once nevaeh had explained to the fireflies in yelkwood forest what she needed them to do , they wasted no time in flying to the flower beds to summon the fairies . 
 a large group of the fireflies performed a spectacular light show to divert the attention of ocamar 's spies assigned to watch the flower beds for karini 's return , while other fireflies quietly went door to door communicating nevaeh 's message to the fairies . 
 the fairies were able to fly away undetected to yelkwood forest as the diversion team of fireflies mesmerized the spies as they flew higher and higher in the air . 
 meanwhile , cornelius and serena were still searching yelkwood forest for karini . 
 they were about ready to give up when they saw a familiar face in the distance . 
 leaning against a tree was rumpleflin studying a long piece of parchment . 
 `` what in the world is he doing here ? '' 
 cornelius said . 
 serena added , `` that is peculiar . 
 he must have escaped somehow . 
 i bet he knows where karini is . 
 ocamar will be delighted when we bring back two fugitives instead of one . '' 
 `` let 's go and question the elf , shall we ? '' 
 snarled cornelius . 
 `` yes , let 's do , '' agreed serena . 
 the two dragons approached rumpleflin . 
 he smelled them long before he heard them . 
 rolling up the list of names , he recognized them as ocamar 's favorites . 
 `` serena , cornelius , how 's tricks ? '' 
 said rumpleflin sarcastically . 
 serena spit on the ground at rumpleflin 's feet . 
 `` do n't pretend to care , brat . 
 you know you 've been caught . 
 we 'll now escort you to ocamar 's chambers and let him deal with you . 
 but first , you 'll tell us where your little fairy friend is . '' 
 rumpleflin tucked his list of names inside his belt and stood up straight . 
 `` i can not tell you where karini is , nor will i go with you . 
 i have left the castle , and i do n't plan on returning until it 's time to kill ocamar . '' 
 serena and cornelius burst into laughter , torching a few tree tops in the process . 
 cornelius said while snickering , `` kill ocamar ? 
 that 's a good one , rumpleflin . 
 an elf killing a dragon ! 
 that 's preposterous ! '' 
 `` yeah , rumpleflin , that 's side-splitting ! '' 
 said serena . 
 she was now rolling on the ground laughing . 
 `` oh , my mistake , '' said rumpleflin . 
 `` you 're right ! 
 no ordinary being can kill a dragon . 
 but , i 'm not ordinary ! '' 
 `` oh yeah ... you 're rumbleflin 's son . 
 that makes you very special . 
 i forgot , '' said serena , spitting again , then giggling some more . 
 `` i am special indeed . 
 i 've inherited lots of great features from my father such as wisdom , bravery , pointy ears , blue eyes , brains ... . '' 
 `` enough ! '' 
 cornelius shouted . 
 `` we 're not blind . 
 we can see what you look like . 
 you must be very brave indeed since you ran away . 
 but , i do n't think running away proves you have any brains . 
 do you know what we could do to you ? '' 
 `` oh , yes ; like i said , i am smart . 
 i know you could incinerate me in a blink of an eye , but you 're not going to do that . '' 
 `` do n't be so sure , '' said serena , as she took a step closer to rumpleflin . 
 rumpleflin did n't flinch . 
 `` let 's see . 
 my guess is that you have orders to return karini to ocamar or else . 
 the way i see it , you need me to show you where she is or you are in big trouble , right ? '' 
 cornelius glared at rumpleflin , and replied angrily , `` look here ! 
 if you 're not going to tell us where she is , we might as well just kill you now . '' 
 `` cornelius is right . 
 we have nothing to lose by killing you , '' added serena , as she circled around to the other side of rumpleflin . 
 `` well , i 'm sorry to disappoint the two of you , but you wo n't be killing me . 
 nor will you be returning karini to the castle . '' 
 `` you are stupid , elf . 
 get ready to meet your ... . 
 `` hello there , rumpleflin , '' interrupted nevaeh . 
 `` are these lovely dragons friends of yours ? '' 
 nevaeh 's timing could n't have been more perfect . 
 rumpleflin replied , `` no , not any friends of mine . 
 cornelius , serena , i would like you to meet my mother , nevaeh . 
 you see , i thought she was dead until just recently . 
 since then , i 've learned that i inherited some wonderful things from her as well . 
 these are the things that make me an extraordinary being . '' 
 rumpleflin winked at his mother , hoping that she would follow his lead . 
 serena spit again and rolled her eyes as she circled back to stand by cornelius to get a better look at nevaeh , and said , `` humor me , what did you inherit from your mother that makes you so extraordinary ? 
 she looks pretty ordinary to me . '' 
 rumpleflin and his mother reached for their wands at the same time . 
 both of them answered serena 's question with one simple word : `` magic ! '' 
 then , before the dragons realized how much peril they were in , nevaeh pointed her wand at serena and rumpleflin pointed his at cornelius as they said simultaneously , `` extermitus ! '' 
 there were two instant explosions of lightning that lit up the night sky . 
 smoke bellowed into the air and ashes were falling everywhere like snow . 
 the sound was louder than a dozen cannons being fired at the same time . 
 karini heard the commotion from inside the cave , and the other fairies , seeing the lightning , fluttered as fast as they could towards it . 
 even the dwarves had noticed it . 
 they had been hiking down the mountain to attend the meeting . 
 now they picked up the pace as curiosity got the better of them . 
 the best part was that every animal and creature in the forest heard it as well . 
 they formed a circle around the smoky scene . 
 this saved rumpleflin a tremendous amount of time in his quest to summon them to the cave . 
 `` hello , my friends . 
 i apologize that you have all been disturbed . 
 i 'd like to explain everything to you if you would all accompany me to the secret cave . 
 some of you are already members of the army and have been awaiting your summons . 
 this is it . 
 for the rest of you , we encourage you to join us in the fight against ocamar ! 
 together , we will regain our land of serenity ! '' 
 chapter fifteen plan of attack ocamar was awakened from a deep sleep . 
 he heard a very loud noise that sounded like an explosion . 
 he got out of bed and quickly made his way to the window . 
 he could see smoke in the distance , but nothing else to give him any idea of what had happened . 
 he went down the dimly lit hallway to lamek 's bedchamber . 
 he opened the door to find lamek also awake and looking out his window , wondering what had caused the noise . 
 `` good , i see you heard it , too . '' 
 surprised by ocamar 's voice at the door , lamek lost his balance and slipped off the windowsill . 
 thankfully , he was able to make use of his wings before hitting the hard floor . 
 `` yes mastey , it woke me up from a deep sleep . 
 and you scared me half to death ! '' 
 `` i apologize ; i did n't mean to scare you . 
 i thought you heard me open the door , '' said ocamar . 
 `` no , mastey , i was concentwating too hard . 
 what do you think it was ? '' 
 `` i do n't know for sure . 
 cornelius and serena have n't returned from yelkwood forest , so i suspect they may be the cause of the explosion . 
 after all , they do breathe fire . '' 
 `` i hope they have n't hurt kawini . '' 
 `` did you tell them to return her to me unharmed ? '' 
 `` yes , mastey , i did . '' 
 `` then they would 've obeyed . 
 i 'm sending you to investigate what caused the explosion . 
 remember , you are not allowed to go to the flower bed , just to yelkwood forest . 
 find out what you can and return to me promptly . 
 you 'll be rewarded for your loyalty . '' 
 `` yes , mastey , i will do my best . '' 
 the explosion woke up more than ocamar and lamek . 
 the elves were stirring as well . 
 rumbleflin was frightened that his son or wife might be hurt or worse . 
 then again , they could be the ones who caused it . 
 he hoped the latter . 
 he looked out the window , and in the early dawn , he could just see something small leaving the castle . 
 he reached for his spectacles and put them on . 
 it was lamek . 
 rumbleflin wondered whether lamek was on a mission from ocamar or his love for karini was driving him towards the forest . 
 maybe it was both . 
 rumbleflin always believed that there was a lot more to lamek than everyone else perceived . 
 he usually had a good intuition about these sorts of things . 
 he hoped lamek would bring back good news . 
 applause and shouts were heard all over the cave as everyone awaited the details . 
 the original army had now multiplied significantly since all of the animals had joined the rebellion . 
 even without the elves , the number was too high to count . 
 skunks , badgers , birds , rabbits , you name it , jammed tightly in the cave . 
 rumpleflin stood on the very same rock his father had stood during the first meeting . 
 his mother and karini were at his side . 
 in his loudest voice he yelled , `` may i have your attention please ? '' 
 this made no difference at all . 
 the voices were just too loud . 
 rumpleflin 's voice blended in with the others . 
 karini whispered something in nevaeh 's ear . 
 nevaeh nodded her head in agreement . 
 she removed her wand , pointed it at the floor in front of karini and said , `` harpo manifesto ! '' 
 immediately , a beautiful harp appeared in front of karini . 
 karini smiled at nevaeh and said , `` thanks , but it 's a little big . 
 could you make it smaller ? '' 
 `` yes , yes , of course . 
 sorry , dear , '' replied nevaeh . 
 pointing her wand at the masterpiece she had just created she said , `` harpo shrivelous ! '' 
 at once , the harp became fairy-sized . 
 karini began to play . 
 the hypnotic music silenced everyone and turned their attention to karini . 
 once she had their undivided attention , she stopped playing the harp and looked at rumpleflin . 
 `` they 're all yours , '' she said , pleased with her accomplishment . 
 `` thank you , '' he said . 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 nevaeh whispered into karini 's ear , `` that was brilliant . '' 
 karini winked her long , pink eyelashes and then gave her attention to rumpleflin as well . 
 rumpleflin began , `` welcome , friends . 
 i 'm pleased to inform you that the time has finally come to plan the attack on ocamar . 
 after ocamar revoked grounds privileges for us elves , i managed to escape , and as most of you witnessed , my mother and i destroyed two dragons not more than an hour ago with magic . 
 we were able to do so because we recently learned that magic is the only thing that can kill a dragon . 
 that is the good news . 
 the bad news is that she and i are the only witch and wizard left in this land . 
 there are still ten other dragons besides ocamar to destroy . 
 that makes our job really difficult . 
 we need your help to make diversions . 
 this will take bravery beyond any you have yet needed . 
 there 's a chance that some of you may die . 
 i wish that were not so , but it is . 
 if any of you have any other ideas , plea ... '' karini interrupted , `` i have an idea . '' 
 `` go ahead , karini . '' 
 `` if magic kills the dragons , ca n't you bewitch their weapons ? '' 
 feedback erupted all over the cave . 
 everyone seemed to approve of karini 's idea and thought it was worth a try . 
 rumpleflin looked at his mother , waiting for her answer . 
 `` it 's a wonderful idea , rumpleflin , and definitely worth a try , '' she said . 
 finley spoke next , `` we dwarves are excellent craftsmen . 
 we have catapults on the top of mount chesney . 
 if the dragons can be lured there , we can shoot boulders at the beasts and knock them out good . 
 then , they 'll be ready for you or your mother to finish them off . '' 
 all of the dwarves agreed on this idea and they began to pat finley on the back . 
 he smiled , enjoying this admiration immensely . 
 rumpleflin continued , `` excellent ! 
 you dwarves go ahead and prepare the catapults . 
 find the biggest boulders you can lift and load them up . 
 be ready for anything . '' 
 after the dwarves exited , everyone looked back at rumpleflin . 
 `` would the beavers please make their way up front ? 
 move aside everyone . 
 let 's make them an aisle , '' said rumpleflin . 
 soon , there was a narrow aisle through the middle of the cave , and at least a dozen cute little beavers made their way to the front , led by their leader , wallace . 
 rumpleflin sat down on the rock so he could talk with them on their level . 
 `` i know it takes a lot of work to build a dam . 
 i have tremendous respect for your industry , as well as the patience it takes to make it successful . '' 
 wallace twitched his grey whiskers and said , `` you need us to tear it down , do n't you ? '' 
 `` unfortunately , yes . 
 i will have some of the dragons lured towards the river . 
 when you break the dam , the rushing water will hold them off for a while . 
 we will help you rebuild the dam when this is over . 
 remember , magic is very helpful . 
 what say you ? '' 
 the beavers huddled together and whispered to each other for a minute or two and then said in unison , `` agreed ! '' 
 `` excellent ! '' 
 rumpleflin turned back to karini and said , `` karini , you will lead the fairies and deliver a message to the elves in the castle . 
 we want to get them out of there before it 's destroyed . 
 tell them to leave as soon as possible and come here . 
 go now and be careful . '' 
 karini did as she was told . 
 flini , brox , golini , and hunter followed . 
 rumpleflin looked at his remaining army . 
 `` if you have a weapon , please form a line in front of my mother , and she will place enchantments on them . 
 if you do n't have a weapon , i 'd like you to go into the forest and set up triggered traps to slow down the dragons and buy us some time . 
 do n't bother with nets since they breathe fire . 
 after you have set the traps , hide yourselves in a safe place and wait . '' 
 once rumpleflin had finished giving orders to his group , he turned and watched as his mother performed enchantment spells on the centaurs and unicorns . 
 she touched the centaurs ' bows and arrows with her wand and said , `` converte potente toxicous ! '' 
 to speed up the process , rumpleflin formed his own enchantment line . 
 he was surprised to see a group of skunks standing in his line . 
 `` may i ask what your weapons are ? '' 
 he asked the skunks . 
 a plump skunk named reeks spoke , `` well sir , we thought that maybe you could put a spell on our scent glands to make our spray deadly if inhaled . '' 
 rumpleflin laughed at the craftiness of the little skunks . 
 `` that 's worth a try , but i think i 'll use a sleep enchantment just in case someone on our side inhales the scent ; we do n't want to kill anyone on our team . 
 go stand in my mother 's line because i 'm sure she knows a sleeping spell . '' 
 before long , the unicorns ' horns , and the centaurs ' bows , arrows , axes , swords , and shields were all bewitched . 
 once everyone had left to join the battle and the cave was empty , nevaeh spoke to her son , `` i hope this works . 
 if not , they will most likely lose their lives . '' 
 `` it will work , i can feel it , '' said rumpleflin with confidence . 
 chapter sixteen betrayal lamek had traveled as fast as he could , flying low so as not to be spotted by anyone . 
 when he reached yelkwood forest , he went straight to the scene of the incident . 
 there was still a smoldering pile of something or other so it was n't hard to find . 
 there had definitely been an explosion of some sort . 
 lamek slithered around looking for clues until he came across what was left of a pendant which he recognized right away as belonging to serena . 
 she always wore it . 
 it held a red snake charm that was curled into the shape of an s. lamek always thought it was sinister-looking . 
 this meant serena must be dead . 
 but how could she be ? 
 did cornelius turn on her ? 
 did they set each other on fire ? 
 nothing at the scene made sense , so he surmised that someone else had killed them . 
 but who ? 
 he remembered the truth about the legend , but that was n't possible since ocamar had all the witches and wizards assassinated thirteen years ago . 
 what was going on here ? 
 frightened , lamek headed back toward the castle as fast as he could . 
 he would tell his mastey everything . 
 he hoped karini was n't to blame for any of this . 
 karini and the other fairies finally reached the window to the elves ' kitchen in the castle . 
 karini tapped on the glass and rumbleflin jumped up to open it . 
 `` karini , is that you ? 
 i did n't expect you back so soon . 
 what has happened ? 
 we heard an explosion . 
 is rumple ... ? '' 
 karini interrupted , `` rumpleflin and nevaeh are safe . 
 they killed serena and cornelius . 
 that was what you heard . 
 we just held our second meeting with the army and everyone is preparing for attack . 
 rumpleflin sent us here to tell you to sneak out of the castle as soon as you can and go to the secret cave . 
 you do n't want to be here once the war begins . 
 you must gather only what is necessary and head for the secret cave . '' 
 rumbleflin shook his head at karini . 
 `` i do n't know how we will escape . 
 when you ran away , ocamar became very suspicious and locked the door to our living quarters . 
 he has n't discovered rumpleflin 's absence because he knows the door is locked and has no reason to suspect rumpleflin escaping out a window by broomstick . '' 
 `` do you know where the key is ? '' 
 asked karini . 
 `` i 'm not sure , but there is only one other ocamar would trust and that 's lamek . 
 unfortunately , lamek is not here right now ; i saw him earlier heading towards the forest . 
 i 'm surprised you did n't run into him on your way here , '' rumbleflin replied . 
 `` ocamar must have sent him to find out what caused the explosion . 
 lamek is smart ; he 'll figure out what happened soon and report back to ocamar that there may be magical folk in the forest . 
 we 've got to get you out of here before then . '' 
 lamek was approaching the castle gates when he looked up and saw fairies entering the window to the elves ' quarters . 
 he thought that one of them looked like karini . 
 he had to find out . 
 he entered the castle by way of an open window , bypassed the hall that would 've taken him to ocamar 's chambers , and flew toward the elves ' quarters . 
 he knew where the key was , so he unlocked and opened the door to find the fairies and rumbleflin engrossed in conversation . 
 he went straight to karini . 
 `` kawini ! 
 what are you doing here ? 
 you must weave now ! 
 you 're in danger ! '' 
 karini answered , `` everyone is in danger , lamek , including you . 
 you must come with me so you will be spared . '' 
 `` sparwed ? 
 what do you mean , kawini ? '' 
 karini explained , `` lamek , you are a sweet and compassionate creature . 
 you do n't belong here with ocamar and the dragon clan . 
 they are cold and heartless . 
 war is upon us , and if you are on ocamar 's side , then you are against us . '' 
 `` lamek has to pwotect ocamar , too . 
 he is my only fwiend . '' 
 `` no , lamek , i am your friend , too . 
 come with me and you will make many friends who wo n't be cruel to you . 
 trust me , '' karini pleaded . 
 `` wamek sad . 
 i wove ocamar . 
 i saved his wife once , wemember ? 
 he has always pwotected me from the other dragons . 
 he will pwotect me now . '' 
 `` what about all of the innocent lives he took when he overtook this castle ? 
 not to mention , he was going to kill me , remember ? '' 
 `` yes , i wemember . '' 
 tears were streaming down lamek 's face , soaking his yellow feathers . 
 rumbleflin handed him a handkerchief . 
 `` thank you , wumblefin . '' 
 `` you 're welcome , lamek . 
 we elves are your friends , too , and we need your help . 
 will you help us ? '' 
 while lamek was lost in thought , rumbleflin was motioning to the other elves to leave while the door was unlocked . 
 they were leaving so quietly , lamek did n't notice . 
 after thoughtful consideration , lamek said , `` i do n't know . 
 ocamar would be weal mad if i helped his slaves . '' 
 karini took lamek by the shoulders , tired of begging , she said firmly , `` listen to me ! 
 ocamar is going to be destroyed before this is all over . 
 if you stay here , so will you . 
 you are safe only if you join us . 
 now , either you help us or leave right now before i say something that will hurt your feelings ! '' 
 lamek was a little shocked at karini 's tone of voice . 
 but something about what she said or how she said it seemed to knock some sense into him . 
 `` okay , kawini . 
 i help you . 
 what do you want me to do ? '' 
 `` well , you 've already done most of it by unlocking the door , '' she admitted . 
 lamek turned and looked at the door that now stood wide open . 
 he noticed that all of the elves except for rumbleflin were gone . 
 `` they 're gone ! '' 
 `` yes , and now we must get out of here quickly . 
 you can fly with us fairies . 
 rumbleflin , you 're going to have to go the same way the other elves did . '' 
 rumbleflin grabbed his walking stick and quickly moved toward the door , where he met ocamar . 
 `` going somewhere , rumbleflin ? '' 
 asked ocamar . 
 rumbleflin shouted to the fairies , `` go out the window , now ! 
 leave me ! '' 
 karini and the other fairies headed for the window . 
 ocamar shoved rumbleflin to the side , sending him crashing into the kitchen table and onto the floor . 
 he reached out and grabbed karini before she could escape . 
 `` put me down , you over-sized chimney ! '' 
 she said , kicking and screaming . 
 the other fairies escaped out the window . 
 lamek flew straight for ocamar and sunk his beak into one of his eyes . 
 ocamar dropped karini and she immediately flew out the window . 
 lamek followed close behind her . 
 everyone made it out of the castle except for rumbleflin . 
 `` lamek ! 
 i 'll get you for this , you traitor ! 
 i 'll pluck all your feathers out one by one , and then i 'll put you on the spit ! '' 
 ocamar shouted from the window . 
 he turned around just as rumbleflin was slowly rising to his feet . 
 knowing he could n't escape , rumbleflin said , `` i surrender , ocamar . 
 i 'm too old to try to run . '' 
 with a scoff , ocamar said , `` you bet you are ! '' 
 karini cried all the way back to the forest and then some . 
 they met rumpleflin and nevaeh on their way , and lamek explained what had happened to rumbleflin . 
 `` i 'm so sorrwy about wumblefin ; he was always nice to me . '' 
 `` quit talking about him like he 's dead ! '' 
 ordered rumpleflin . 
 through tears nevaeh said , `` he may as well be , son . 
 ocamar wo n't be merciful . 
 why would he let him live ? '' 
 `` hopefully , he will keep him alive for a little while to get information . 
 if we hurry , we can save him . 
 come on , mother . 
 everyone else , resume your posts as planned . 
 lamek , you and the fairies take karini away from here and let her rest . 
 she has done more for this cause than anyone . '' 
 `` yes , sir ! '' 
 obeyed lamek . 
 he picked up karini and followed the fairies to the cave . 
 all he wanted to do was take care of karini and make her happy . 
 chapter seventeen the heat of the moment ocamar left the elves ' quarters and commanded rumbleflin , `` follow me ; there is much you have to tell . '' 
 `` certainly , ocamar , i am still your servant , '' rumpleflin said . 
 `` you are a liar and no servant of mine . 
 what you are is a traitor and a hypocrite , and you shall be treated as one , but not before i hear everything about this rebellion you are no doubt leading against me . '' 
 rumbleflin hoped he would have enough to say to hold out for a rescue . 
 `` the fastest way to get into the castle is to teleport , '' nevaeh suggested to rumpleflin . 
 `` can you teach me how to do that ? '' 
 asked rumpleflin . 
 `` yes . 
 it 's not that difficult . 
 you just close your eyes , picture where it is you want to go , and then snap your fingers . 
 you can practice on that big oak tree over there . '' 
 rumpleflin studied the tree for a minute . 
 he knew this tree very well since he and karini had spent a lot of time sitting in it , talking . 
 he closed his eyes , created a mental picture , and then snapped his fingers . 
 poof ! 
 he vanished , and then poof again , he reappeared right beside the tree precisely where he had imagined it . 
 `` that 's amazing ! '' 
 he said , `` and it beats the crash landing with the broomstick , hands down . '' 
 nevaeh smiled , `` you wo n't always crash . 
 it takes practice . 
 and there are times when a broomstick is your only option . 
 teleportation is n't always safe or possible . 
 are you ready ? '' 
 `` yes , let 's do it . '' 
 `` i 've never been in the castle , so you will have to teleport both of us , so we can arrive at the same place . 
 make sure it is someplace away from ocamar 's chambers . 
 we do n't want him to see us appear out of nowhere , just in case he has n't heard about our magical powers yet . '' 
 rumpleflin agreed , `` good point . 
 we 'll go to my bedchamber . 
 i 'm sure it is deserted ... wait , how can i take us both when i have to snap my fingers ? '' 
 `` i 'll hold tightly to you , and you can still wrap your arms around me with your hands free . '' 
 nevaeh wrapped her arms around her son as tightly as she could and he did the same with his arms , leaving his hands free . 
 he closed his eyes , created a clear picture of his bedchamber in his mind , and snapped his fingers . 
 poof ! 
 they were there instantly . 
 rumpleflin ran through the door and into the kitchen that now was empty . 
 he ran out the door and into the dimly lit hall . 
 his mother followed , wand at the ready , for anything unexpected . 
 they went down several flights of winding stairs , across the main hall , and then up another set of winding stairs . 
 they were climbing to the top of a tower . 
 at the top , rumpleflin stopped in front of a huge door . 
 he pressed his ear against it to listen . 
 to his surprise , all he heard was silence , and that terrified him worse than before . 
 nevaeh did n't like the look on rumpleflin 's face . 
 `` what is it ? 
 what do you hear ? '' 
 `` nothing , that 's what scares me . 
 this is ocamar 's chamber ; he always does his questioning in there . 
 where else could he have taken father ? '' 
 rumbleflin ached all over . 
 they had been walking downstairs for what seemed like an eternity . 
 he was n't familiar with this part of the castle . 
 finally , ocamar stopped and pulled a long cord on the wall , which in turn set off a deafening alarm . 
 it rang for at least two minutes before he pulled it again to shut it off . 
 rumbleflin guessed that must be the way ocamar summoned the other dragons when there was an emergency . 
 he knew he was about to be put on trial . 
 they walked a little farther down the dark hallway until they reached a red velvet tapestry . 
 a secret room , thought rumbleflin . 
 ocamar stood in front of the tapestry and said , `` karini . '' 
 at once , the tapestry rolled up to reveal the entrance . 
 `` i 'll have to remember to change that password as soon as this is all over , '' ocamar said to himself . 
 as soon as they stepped inside , the tapestry unrolled and recovered the entrance . 
 rumbleflin looked around . 
 this was the darkest dungeon he 'd ever seen , and it was filled with gold and treasure . 
 there were four torches lit to provide light in the room since there were no windows . 
 ocamar walked to the back of the dungeon and sat on a huge pile of gold . 
 he motioned for rumbleflin to sit near him . 
 then he said , `` the others will be here momentarily . 
 get ready to enlighten us with all the juicy details . '' 
 rumbleflin still was n't sure what he was going to say . 
 he believed that honesty was the best policy , but he had to make sure he did n't put anyone else in danger . 
 he hoped that someone would come soon and rescue him before it was too late . 
 he said a silent prayer for help with what to say and for safety . 
 rumpleflin and nevaeh had to cover their ears to reduce the sound of the alarm . 
 `` i hope that we did n't set that off ! '' 
 rumpleflin said shouting over the alarm . 
 `` me too , '' agreed nevaeh . 
 then they saw something very interesting . 
 dragons were coming out of every room below , all headed in one direction : down . 
 `` quick , we must follow them , '' said rumpleflin . 
 the alarm stopped after a couple of minutes . 
 there on out they had to be very quiet while they followed the dragon clan . 
 the dragons led them way down underground to what was obviously a secret dungeon . 
 one of them stopped in front of a large red velvet tapestry . 
 he turned to the others and asked , `` is the password still the name of that blasted fairy ? '' 
 another dragon said , `` as far as i know it is . 
 i have n't heard any different . 
 go ahead and try it . '' 
 `` i do n't remember what her name was ... karina or katrina , something like that . '' 
 `` it 's karini , stupid ! 
 you males ca n't remember anything ! '' 
 said an irritated female dragon . 
 rumpleflin and nevaeh watched as the tapestry rolled itself up like a scroll to reveal an entrance . 
 one by one the dragons entered . 
 rumpleflin counted them . 
 there were ten , which meant they were all present , except for cornelius and serena , of course . 
 they were history ! 
 rumpleflin assumed that this must be where ocamar was holding his father . 
 he and nevaeh snuck in behind the dragons , just as the tapestry was unrolling . 
 right away , they found a huge pile of gold to hide behind in a dark corner near the entrance . 
 they could easily see ocamar in the back of the dungeon , sitting high on a pile of gold , but rumbleflin was a lot harder to see from their hiding place . 
 rumpleflin surveyed the dungeon , familiarizing himself with the surroundings . 
 `` there 's no way we can attack all eleven dragons at once without getting killed . 
 we 're not that fast . 
 we need to lure them out of here and use the army to help us , '' rumpleflin suggested . 
 `` i agree . 
 i think you should lure them out , and i 'll go get your father . 
 i think i can sneak behind the piles of gold all the way around the room until i 'm right behind him . 
 your diversion should help keep their focus away from me . '' 
 rumpleflin hesitated . 
 `` i 'm not sure if we should split up . '' 
 `` we have to . '' 
 `` well , all right then . '' 
 rumpleflin watched his mother begin to quietly slip away . 
 he then jumped out from behind their hiding spot and shouted , `` hey , you lot ! 
 over here ! 
 come and get me ! '' 
 he then took off running back out the secret entrance and up the stairs . 
 one look back told him he had about half the group on his heels , and they were gaining . 
 rumpleflin thought of the first place that popped into his head , and snapped just in time to escape several balls of fire . 
 nevaeh watched five of the dragons chase rumpleflin out of the dungeon . 
 she hoped he had found a safe place to hide and that she 'd be reunited with him soon . 
 so far she 'd been successfully moving behind the piles of gold without being detected . 
 she was now no more than ten feet from her dear husband . 
 then ocamar spoke . 
 `` well , well , rumbleflin , it looks like your son is attempting a rescue . 
 i wonder who else is here . '' 
 `` please , ocamar , your issue is with me , not anyone else . 
 let 's just get this over with , '' rumbleflin said . 
 rumbleflin 's voice sounded much raspier than nevaeh remembered , but it was a wonderful sound all the same . 
 she fought the urge to run to him , but she had to wait . 
 she still needed a diversion as six dragons were still much too many . 
 just then rumpleflin appeared right in the middle of the room out of nowhere with his wand in the air . 
 `` extermitus ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 his lightning bolt hit the nearest dragon and caused an explosion . 
 then his eyes met his mother 's , and she jumped out shouting taking out another dragon that was getting ready to breathe fire on rumpleflin . 
 rumbleflin could do nothing but watch helplessly as his wife and son dodged flames . 
 nevaeh had managed to block many fiery shots with spells , but rumpleflin was having a much harder time . 
 he 'd been so busy running away from the dragons and jumping behind treasure , he had n't had time to take out any more of the clan . 
 `` go get your father , rumpleflin . '' 
 nevaeh had slowly been leading most of the dragons out , and rumbleflin was almost secluded from them now , except for ocamar . 
 he 'd been sitting beside rumbleflin enjoying the commotion . 
 rumpleflin was much closer to his father now , but he 'd have to go through ocamar to rescue him . 
 the dungeon was slowly filling with smoke and flames , and it was getting harder to see . 
 nevaeh said some words under her breath and created her own rainstorm right there in the dungeon . 
 water was coming down in torrents rapidly putting out the numerous fires . 
 nevaeh had used just enough time to make herself vulnerable , which one of the beasts quickly took advantage of by grabbing her by the neck . 
 nevaeh dropped her wand in an attempt to try and pry the huge claws from around her throat . 
 when rumpleflin saw his mother in the grasp of the dragon , he aimed his wand at it , but he was too late . 
 the dragon shot out a flame directly towards him . 
 rumpleflin ducked , but the flame hit his father . 
 ocamar threw his head back and laughed in an evil tone . 
 the impact from the fireball caused rumbleflin to fall over . 
 his long hair and beard quickly caught fire consuming his face with heat and flame , but the constant downpour of water soon eliminated the blaze . 
 rumpleflin crawled to his father , hoping that the fire had n't lasted long enough to do any permanent damage , but he discovered rumbleflin was unconscious . 
 `` i think you 're too late , '' ocamar sneered . 
 rumpleflin looked back at his mother who was now starting to turn blue . 
 he had to do something quickly . 
 he thought of using `` extermitus , '' but he did n't want his mother blown up along with the dragon . 
 he racked his brain and then spit out the first thing that came to his mind , `` dragon shrivelous ! '' 
 the dragon shrunk to the size of a lizard , releasing nevaeh along the way . 
 then rumpleflin finished him off , `` extermitus ! '' 
 it was just a tiny little explosion , but it was enough to make ocamar and the rest of the dragons angry . 
 they all drew deep breaths and blew enormous flames toward rumpleflin and his limp father , but he quickly wrapped his arms around his father and snapped . 
 when nevaeh hit the water-filled floor , she became alert and realized she was surrounded by dragons . 
 after making a quick scan of the dungeon , she assumed rumpleflin had teleported her husband back to the secret cave . 
 by this time , the dragons that 'd been chasing rumpleflin earlier had given up and returned to the dungeon . 
 they discovered ocamar and the rest of their clan in a swamp of water . 
 the eight dragons that were left made a circle around the drenched nevaeh . 
 she was on her hands and knees frantically searching for her wand , but the water was deep and rising by the second . 
 `` your magic is no good without your wand , is it ? '' 
 sneered ocamar . 
 he was upset with himself for letting rumpleflin escape . 
 he 'd not realized rumpleflin knew how to vanish into thin air . 
 at least nevaeh was n't able to escape . 
 he had her right where he wanted her . 
 chapter eighteen without ignition rumpleflin 's teleportation with his father was a success , and he and his father arrived at the secret cave safely . 
 he lay his father down and screamed for furler , the medicine elf . 
 `` rumpleflin , what happened ? '' 
 furler asked . 
 `` there 's no time to explain . 
 he 's badly burned , and he inhaled too much smoke . 
 please , furler , you must do something . 
 i must go back for my mother , '' rumpleflin snapped his fingers once again . 
 poof ! 
 he was back in the castle just outside the dungeon . 
 he could overhear ocamar speaking . 
 water had made its way out the dungeon and up a couple of stairs , by this time , and was teasing the top of rumpleflin 's boots . 
 `` i surrender , ocamar , '' nevaeh said rising to her feet . 
 rumpleflin was thankful to hear nevaeh 's voice , but not happy to hear she 'd given up already . 
 it was up to him to get her out of there . 
 courageously , he slipped into the dungeon . 
 `` no , take me instead ! 
 i 'm the one who betrayed you , ocamar ! '' 
 `` well , well , rumpleflin ; so nice of you to return . 
 you certainly are full of surprises today . 
 you were a wizard living in my castle all these years , and i never knew it . 
 somehow you discovered the legend 's secret , and made plans to kill all the dragons . '' 
 `` the plan was to rescue my father . 
 if a few dragons got slaughtered along the way , then so be it , '' replied rumpleflin . 
 `` you and your father are traitors . 
 i allowed all the elves to live without beating any of you , yet you formed an army against me . 
 foolish of you ! '' 
 `` well as you can see , i do have the power to destroy you . 
 let me and my mother leave alive , and i will spare your life . '' 
 `` you are a silly boy ! 
 do you think i would let you escape ? 
 never ! 
 i hate all witches and wizards , and i thought i had all of your kind killed thirteen years ago . 
 i would rather die in this dungeon than let you go free , '' ocamar shouted , remembering how the wizard , zedbulla , had treated him . 
 knowing ocamar would never let them leave alive , rumpleflin knew he had to act quickly . 
 he looked at his mother , and she said some words out loud that rumpleflin did n't understand . 
 `` enough of this ! '' 
 exclaimed ocamar . 
 `` lower your wand , rumpleflin . 
 just drop it in the water like your mommy here did . 
 then we 'll figure out what kind of death you two should have . 
 i 'm thinking something slow . '' 
 again , nevaeh said the words out loud . 
 one of the dragons behind her smacked her in the back of the head , and she fell to her knees with a splash . 
 it was then that rumpleflin realized she was saying an incantation , and since he had a wand , she needed him to repeat it . 
 he lifted his wand and said the words he 'd heard his mother say , but nothing happened . 
 `` hahahaha ... nice try , fool , '' said ocamar . 
 `` now , you have one more chance to drop that wand . '' 
 `` why ? 
 you 're just going to kill me anyway . 
 go ahead and get it over with . 
 oh yeah , that 's right . 
 you want it to be slow and painful . '' 
 `` you 're a brat . 
 always have been . '' 
 and then rumpleflin noticed that the rain had stopped . 
 his mother 's incantation was working , and she had some sort of plan . 
 none of the dragons seemed to notice , so he did n't say anything . 
 and then he noticed that the water level was decreasing as well . 
 that , however , was a lot more noticeable . 
 nevaeh shifted her weight to stand back up and her hand landed right on her wand . 
 oh , thank god , she thought to herself . 
 quickly she mumbled a spell under her breath . 
 it was one she was n't sure would work on that many dragons at one time , but she had to try . 
 with a flick of her wand , she shot an invisible beam in each dragon 's direction first , and then lastly ocamar . 
 the beam struck each dragon without any physical effects . 
 nevaeh would n't even know if the spell had worked until one of them tried to spew fire . 
 none of the clan had even noticed what she 'd been doing as she 'd kept her head hung down , and they were all occupied watching the water diminish . 
 rumpleflin had noticed though , and he had high hopes that whatever curse his mother had put on the dragons would be a success . 
 ocamar said , `` i guess you 're going to go up in smoke , rumpleflin , since you insist on holding onto that wand . 
 ocamar took a deep breath and attempted to shoot flames at rumpleflin with no success . 
 he could n't believe it . 
 he tried again without producing hot flames . 
 `` one of you get him ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 multiple dragons tried to blow fire , but had no luck either . 
 ocamar marched toward nevaeh since she was close . 
 he lifted her off the ground and threw her across the room . 
 she landed with a thud on a pile of treasure . 
 with the dragons unable to breathe fire and the dungeon now dry , rumpleflin aimed his wand at ocamar , shouted , `` extermitus , '' and watched as ocamar instantly became a huge ball of fire . 
 the dungeon quickly began filling with hot flames . 
 it hurt nevaeh to move , but she pulled herself up and said , `` let 's finish them off , son , before they escape . '' 
 `` no time . 
 we should teleport and get back to father . '' 
 `` why ? 
 is something wrong with him ? '' 
 `` no time ! '' 
 `` let 's go then ! '' 
 rumpleflin snapped . 
 nevaeh performed one more cluster spell on the dragons before they escaped the fire . 
 if only extermitus was a cluster spell , she thought . 
 in a matter of seconds , the dragons ' wings became stiff . 
 nevaeh snapped and was gone in an instant . 
 poof ! 
 chapter nineteen the enchanted army as the fire consumed the castle , dragons were fleeing in every direction . 
 three of them headed towards the mountains . 
 the dwarves were at the top of mount chesney ready to launch dozens of boulders . 
 finley shouted to the others , `` here they come ! 
 get ready ! 
 aim ! 
 fire ! '' 
 five boulders were catapulted from the mountain . 
 one of the dragons was hit and fell to the ground . 
 the other two dragons were still climbing , trying to escape . 
 `` hurry , they are going to get away ! 
 fire ! '' 
 this time , both of the dragons were hit and plummeted to the ground . 
 `` victory ! '' 
 shouted finley . 
 the dwarves danced around in celebration . 
 meanwhile , the beavers , led by wallace , were gathered at the dam ready to destroy it and flood the area . 
 two dragons were headed toward the river . 
 as soon as the beavers spotted them , they began to tear away at what they had built . 
 just as the dragons were about to cross , the dam broke and water poured into the stream , creating huge tidal waves . 
 the beavers began shouting as they watched the dragons being overtaken by the huge surge . 
 wallace and two other beavers followed the dragons from afar in order to make sure they were knocked out and could be located by rumpleflin later . 
 they washed up a couple of miles downstream on the shore and were very still . 
 wallace got as close as he could without making any noise and examined the limp bodies . 
 `` looks like they 're knocked out pretty good ! 
 let 's go tell rumpleflin and the rest of the army ! '' 
 in the forest , the animals , led by the centaur , orrick , had set up a hidden trap . 
 just on the other side of the trap , the rest of the centaurs , unicorns , skunks , and others were waiting with their enchanted weapons at the ready . 
 there were only four dragons left , and they were headed straight for the trap . 
 the first two dragons fell right into it . 
 when they looked up , they realized they were surrounded by unicorns and centaurs . 
 they both laughed and one of them said , `` arrows can not pierce our scales . 
 you idiots should 've done some research ! '' 
 orrick said , `` the research has been done . '' 
 then , without taking his black eyes off the dragons , he commanded the others , `` fire ! '' 
 over twenty arrows shot into the pit and pierced the dragons . 
 the magic worked and two of the dragons lay dead . 
 the skunks smothered the last two dragons in stinky sleeping potion before they had a chance to escape . 
 all of the animals ran to the secret cave . 
 they would leave the slumbering dragons there for rumpleflin and nevaeh to finish off later . 
 the dwarves came down from mount chesney , and the beavers traveled from the river . 
 everyone in the army was headed for the cave , and as they walked , they exchanged war stories . 
 they could n't wait to tell rumpleflin and nevaeh . 
 soon the war would be over and their land would be free again . 
 chapter twenty a great loss rumpleflin arrived at the secret cave and ran straight to where his father lay . 
 furler was beside him . 
 nevaeh arrived just after . 
 `` furler ? '' 
 `` hello , nevaeh . 
 it 's nice to see you again . 
 i wish it were under better circumstances . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 nevaeh asked . 
 she and rumpleflin both looked at furler . 
 his face had lost all its color and he shook his head as he said to them , `` i 'm so very sorry . 
 there was nothing i could do for him . 
 he 's gone . '' 
 rumpleflin shook his head in disagreement . 
 `` no , you 're mistaken . 
 he 's just unconscious . 
 you have n't tried everything ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 at that moment the army entered the cave in their celebratory fashion . 
 but the sound of nevaeh 's sobs echoing off the cave walls stopped them in their tracks . 
 karini began crying too as she tried to comfort rumpleflin . 
 everyone gathered around rumbleflin 's body and began to mourn in their own way . 
 rumpleflin , in shock and too angry to mourn , stood up and said through gritted teeth , `` how many dragons are left ? '' 
 reeks , the skunk , said , `` we put two of them asleep in the forest . '' 
 then wallace said , `` another two of them were knocked out by the river 's surge and washed up a couple of miles down shore . 
 they will probably be waking soon . '' 
 finley told rumpleflin that there should be some more dragons lying somewhere unconscious at the bottom of mount chesney . 
 `` very well then , i shall return shortly . '' 
 `` i will join you , rumpleflin . 
 i still have some unused enchanted arrows , '' said orrick . 
 `` i can handle this , orrick , but thank you anyway . '' 
 nevaeh spoke through her sobs , `` do n't be stubborn , son . 
 i know you want revenge , but you should n't face this situation alone . 
 i 'm too weak to help you , so please , take orrick with you . 
 do it for me . '' 
 `` very well then , if that is what you wish ; let 's go , orrick , we 've got some dragons to slay ! '' 
 `` i ca n't think of anything i 'd rather do , '' said orrick . 
 while traveling in silence , rumpleflin became aware of just how magnificent orrick was . 
 he was huge , even for a centaur . 
 he was very muscular and his fur was blonde , except for his long black tail . 
 his eyes were like black marbles , and the hair on his head was long , black , and pulled back in a ponytail . 
 the skin on his strong arms , chest , and face was quite tan from time spent in the sun . 
 rumpleflin was somewhat intimidated by orrick and thought he was a little stiff for good company but did n't care much for conversation at this point anyway . 
 at least he was not alone in this battle . 
 when orrick and rumpleflin reached the bottom of mount chesney , they were relieved to see that the injured dragons were still unconscious . 
 orrick used his bow and arrow to kill one of the dragons , while rumpleflin destroyed the other two by shouting `` extermitus ! '' 
 `` that was fun ! '' 
 said orrick . 
 let 's go get some more ! '' 
 `` yes , let 's head for the river ! '' 
 suggested rumpleflin . 
 chapter twenty-one vengeance and sorrow sinster and serpentine awoke on the shore miles away from the dam . 
 their purple scales were drenched and both of them began vomiting slimy water with bits of algae and fish they had accidently swallowed in the surge . 
 `` this is disgusting ! '' 
 said serpentine in between heaves . 
 `` you can say that again , '' replied sinster . 
 `` this is dis ... . '' 
 `` shut up ! 
 i heard you the first time . 
 i have to admit that you are the dumbest dragon i have ever known , even if you are my sister . '' 
 serpentine stuck her tongue out at her brother and said , `` who 's the dumb one ? 
 it was your idea to cross the river . 
 i told you we should flee to the mountains . '' 
 sinster thought for a moment and said , `` you have a point there , although i believe we would 've been attacked anywhere we went . 
 i think it was all a set up . 
 we may be the only two dragons still alive . '' 
 `` what are we going to do ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` well , we 're not going to sit here and do nothing . 
 i think we should go and check things out , if you 're through vomiting . '' 
 serpentine moaned . 
 `` i think that 's all of it . 
 i do n't think i could bear anymore . '' 
 `` did you two have a nice swim ? '' 
 asked rumpleflin . 
 he and orrick had snuck up behind the siblings and listened to the last part of their conversation . 
 `` it looks as though you stayed in too long ; you resemble two big prunes . 
 you even have purple scales , how quaint ! '' 
 sinster and serpentine turned around to see rumpleflin holding his wand , and a centaur with an arrow drawn on a bow . 
 there was no chance for them to react . 
 `` extermitus ! '' 
 shouted rumpleflin , aiming his wand right at serpentine 's chest . 
 simultaneously , the arrow from orrick 's bow shot sinster straight through the heart . 
 `` we 're getting closer to our goal ! '' 
 said orrick with a clever grin . 
 `` i can hardly wait , '' rumpleflin added . 
 he thought that orrick was n't so bad now that he 'd loosened up a bit . 
 the two warriors ran toward the forest as fast as they could , with hope that they would find the last two dragons still napping . 
 unfortunately , they were n't . 
 as soon as orrick and rumpleflin spotted them , they knew that this would have to be another surprise attack . 
 the last two dragons were just waking from the stinky sleeping potion . 
 orrick and rumpleflin hid behind a big oak tree to wait for the perfect moment to attack . 
 `` oh , god ! 
 i ca n't take this smell . 
 i 'd rather have been shot with an arrow than have to smell this stench , '' said marla while pinching her nostrils with her claws . 
 vander agreed , `` yeah , this is the worst odor i have ever inhaled . 
 i think we better get out of here before we have more skunks show up . '' 
 the two dragons finally turned their backs to walk away . 
 rumpleflin nodded at orrick , and they came out from behind the tree . 
 the dragons had no idea this was their last conversation . 
 it was over before they even knew it had begun . 
 as usual , orrick got one and rumpleflin got the other . 
 at last , all of the dragons were destroyed , so orrick and rumpleflin headed back to the cave to share the news . 
 on the way , rumpleflin 's mind was filled with thoughts of the past few days . 
 they 'd been filled with many highs and lows , the lowest being the loss of his father . 
 how would he ever live without him ? 
 what about his mother ? 
 after all those years of dreaming of getting their lives back , disaster struck . 
 rumpleflin slowed his pace a little as tears began to well up in his eyes . 
 his anger had subsided enough to start feeling the emptiness deep inside of him . 
 orrick noticed that rumpleflin was slowing down and turned around to see what was wrong . 
 `` rumpleflin , are you all right ? '' 
 `` my father is dead , orrick . 
 no , i 'm not all right . 
 i do n't want to take my next breath , much less walk back to that cave where he lies dead . '' 
 orrick walked over to rumpleflin . 
 `` there 's no hurry in getting back . 
 we can rest for a while if you 'd like . 
 i 'm here with you for as long as you need me to be . 
 i understand what you 're going through right now . '' 
 `` i doubt that , '' said rumpleflin . 
 `` believe me ; i know all about how difficult it is losing those you love . 
 i lost my wife and daughter a few years back . '' 
 rumpleflin immediately felt guilty for assuming orrick did n't understand . 
 no wonder the guy was so stiff . 
 `` i 'm sorry , orrick . 
 i was n't aware of that . 
 i did n't know you then . 
 what happened ? '' 
 orrick began , `` it was mountain trolls . 
 my wife liked to go up to the top of the mountains to pick flowers and berries . 
 we used to picnic there a lot . 
 she would make the best pies with those berries , my favorite dessert . '' 
 orrick hung his head a little lower and his voice became a little shaky as he continued , `` i told her to never go without me , even in the daylight . 
 you see , mountain trolls hide in caves during the day because sunlight is fatal to them . 
 but there are other dangers as well . 
 so , i told her to never go without me . '' 
 rumpleflin looked puzzled , `` i do n't understand . 
 how did mountain trolls kill her if they only come out at night ? '' 
 `` it was the day before my birthday . 
 i left lora and my daughter , lia , at home while i went fishing with some of my friends . 
 they wanted to take me on a fishing trip for my birthday , but i wanted to spend that day at home with my family , so we decided to go fishing the day before instead . 
 i told lora i would n't be back until after dark because the best trout are caught way at the other end of the river near the waterfall . 
 `` she seemed delighted that i got the chance to go with my friends and said she expected plenty of trout for my birthday dinner . 
 evidently , she also wanted to surprise me with a berry pie . 
 she took lia up on the mountain to gather some berries , and she was in such a hurry that she did n't pay any attention to where she was walking . 
 i believe she and lia fell into a trap the trolls had set . 
 they trap deer and other animals to eat . 
 i 'm sure they thought centaur meat was a delicacy . 
 she did n't have a chance . '' 
 rumpleflin looked at orrick in horror and said , `` that 's just terrible , orrick . 
 i 'm very sorry you 've had so much loss . 
 how old was lia ? '' 
 `` she was four years old . '' 
 orrick 's eyes were full of tears , and rumpleflin did his best to comfort him . 
 then , he thought about his father again , and began to cry , too . 
 the two of them sat together for quite some time in silence . 
 then rumpleflin said , `` i believe i 'm ready to go back now . 
 my mother will be anxious about me . 
 i need you to make the announcement to the army that all of the dragons have been destroyed . 
 i 'd like to take my mother away from here so she can mourn in privacy . 
 please ask the other elves to prepare my father 's body , and we will return in a couple of days to bury him . '' 
 `` i would be glad to do so , '' orrick said . 
 `` thanks , orrick , you have become a great friend . '' 
 orrick replied , `` you have as well . 
 i have never been able to speak with anyone about the death of my wife and daughter , nor allowed myself to really mourn for them . 
 thank you , rumpleflin . '' 
 `` you 're very welcome . '' 
 `` hop on my back , and i 'll gallop the rest of the way . 
 we 'll be there in no time ! '' 
 suggested orrick . 
 rumpleflin climbed on orrick 's back , and they took off towards the secret cave . 
 rumpleflin decided the best thing to do was for him and his mother to teleport to mount flog to get away from everything , at least temporarily . 
 he knew that orrick and the elves would take care of everything for the funeral . 
 chapter twenty-two the land of serenity rumpleflin spent the next two days with his mother and mishka at her cottage on mount flog . 
 the cold mountain air cut through him like a million knives , but he loved the privacy and the coziness of the cottage . 
 he also adored mishka . 
 she was the most lovable cat he 'd ever seen , not to mention the smartest . 
 he was amazed at how his mother communicated with her . 
 he was looking forward to living here for a while . 
 he sure did n't miss the castle , and he most definitely did n't miss slavery . 
 he just missed his father and karini . 
 he was dreading attending the funeral and the pain he would feel watching his father being buried . 
 he was thankful that others had volunteered to take care of the funeral arrangements to spare his mother , who was so devastated right now . 
 he was sitting by the fire rubbing mishka 's belly when his mother came and placed her hand on his shoulder , `` rumpleflin , it 's time to go and say goodbye to your father . '' 
 the entire kingdom turned out to pay their respects to rumbleflin . 
 every elf , fairy , dwarf , animal , and creature was there . 
 rumpleflin thought it was wonderful that his father was so well-loved and admired . 
 several elves made speeches . 
 they all mentioned how grateful they were to rumbleflin for organizing the army and putting a stop to ocamar and the other dragons . 
 karini played a beautiful hymn on her harp , leaving no eye dry . 
 lamek even said a few words . 
 `` wumblefin was always kind to me and never made fun of the way me wooked or talked . 
 i weally , weally wiked him . 
 i will miss him . '' 
 the dwarves made a fine-looking coffin of dark cherry wood , and the centaur women made a beautiful floral arrangement for the top . 
 some of the animals dug a grave on rumbleflin and nevaeh 's property , near a weeping willow tree that had survived the fire thirteen years ago . 
 marking rumbleflin 's resting place was a large stone with the following engraving made by the unicorns : `` here lies rumbleflin : friend to all who knew him , leader to those who would follow , husband to nevaeh , father to rumpleflin , and restorer of the land of serenity . 
 may you rest in peace . 
 we will never forget you . '' 
 it was tough for rumpleflin and his mother to say goodbye , but the ceremony was beautiful , and it gave them closure . 
 they would have to restart their lives without rumbleflin . 
 it would be hard , but at least they had each other . 
 they found some comfort knowing that the land was restored , and there was freedom again . 
 the end ... or is it ? 
 epilogue three months later ... . 
 lamek opened the door to his old master 's cottage and entered . 
 he did not have a specific agenda , just curiosity . 
 for the past three months , he had been happier than ever , spending most of his free time with karini . 
 she was his best friend , and he was deeply in love with her . 
 when lamek entered the cottage , he noticed right away that it did n't look unoccupied . 
 what was left after the fire was clean and tidy , and all of the furniture was still there . 
 maybe it 's under an enchantment , he thought . 
 then , lamek noticed a small , but thick , black book on the table . 
 since it was open , he decided to take a peak . 
 it was open to page 53 , and it read : `` journal entry # 53 : today , i had to punish ocamar again . 
 he is stubborn and needs discipline ... . '' 
 lamek turned back to the previous page , page 52 . 
 he did n't want to read about the abuse of ocamar . 
 he had witnessed most of it firsthand . 
 it had infuriated him . 
 journal entry # 52 read : `` today , lamek came home late again and did n't finish his chores . 
 he was out playing with his little fairy girlfriends . 
 he 's quite a charmer . 
 this ca n't continue , so i taught him a lesson ! 
 i turned him into a hideous half-bird , half-lizard creature . 
 now he will want to stay inside and hide from the world , and learn to obey . 
 i also altered his memory , so he will never know that he was once a very handsome fairy . '' 
 lamek was in shock and he said out loud , `` i 'm a fairwy ? 
 i do n't bewieve it . 
 perhaps kawini would fall in wove with me if she knew i was weally a fairwy ! '' 
 just then , the door opened and in walked a young man about the age of sixteen . 
 `` hello , there . 
 you must be lamek , '' said the young man . 
 `` yes , i 'm wamek , who are you ? '' 
 `` my name is natas , and i live here . '' 
 `` how do you know who i am ? '' 
 asked lamek . 
 `` it 's all in zedbulla 's journal . 
 i hoped you would return one day so i could actually see you . 
 i must say , you are hideous . '' 
 `` who are you weally ? 
 why do you wive here and why do you wead this awful journal ? '' 
 `` like i said , i am natas . 
 i 've lived here since i was born , and i read the journal because it 's brilliant . 
 i read a lot of the books that are here . 
 after all , my goal is to be just like my father . '' 
 lamek was confused , `` your father ? '' 
 `` yes , lamek , zedbulla , the most powerful wizard of all time , was my father . '' 
 to be continued ... . 
 about the author cynthia p. willow writes christian fiction and fantasy for all ages . 
 she lives in georgia with her husband , three children , and their family pet -- a morkie named madam alice bellatrix . 
 view photos of madam alice bellatrix , aka-trixie at www.cynthiapwillow.com for christian books in multiple genres , join the christian indie author readers group on facebook . 
 opportunities for free books and giveaways . 
