 first published on smashwords 2014 this edition : october 2014 this is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , places , events and incidents are either the products of the author 's imagination or used in a fictitious manner . 
 any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , or actual events is purely coincidental . 
 copyright © 2014 by jessica o’toole the right of jessica o’toole to be identified as the author of this work has been asserted under the copyright , designs and patents act 1988 . 
 http://www.jessicaotoole.me.uk cover illustration & design by ralph thompson © 2014 www.ralphtart.co.uk for mum for letting me be . 
 contents copyright dedication part one 1 . 
 precipice 2 . 
 matara 3 . 
 rayan 4 . 
 history 5 . 
 matara 6 . 
 rayan 7 . 
 kin 8 . 
 matara 9 . 
 rayan 10 . 
 matara 11 . 
 rayan 12 . 
 matara 13 . 
 rayan 14 . 
 matara 15 . 
 rayan 16 . 
 matara 17 . 
 rayan 18 . 
 lisser 19 . 
 rayan 20 . 
 signs 21 . 
 matara 22 . 
 rayan 23 . 
 torc mountains 24 . 
 rayan 25 . 
 matara 26 . 
 rayan 27 . 
 stalled part two 1 . 
 karnatay 2 . 
 rayan 3 . 
 the eastern woods 4 . 
 rayan 5 . 
 matara 6 . 
 rayan 7 . 
 the eastern woods 8 . 
 mount sallv path 9 . 
 matara 10 . 
 mount sallv path 11 . 
 the eastern woods 12 . 
 matara 13 . 
 rayan 14 . 
 mount sallv path 15 . 
 the eastern woods 16 . 
 mount sallv path 17 . 
 southern metts trail 18 . 
 the bottle 19 . 
 mount sallv path 20 . 
 the targu trail 21 . 
 matara 22 . 
 targu 23 . 
 matara 24 . 
 mount sallv 25 . 
 targu 26 . 
 cormaro 27 . 
 targu 28 . 
 mount sallv pass 29 . 
 mystery 30 . 
 the koracan 31 . 
 targu 32 . 
 the koracan 33 . 
 the prenitian plains 34 . 
 the koracan 35 . 
 matara 36 . 
 the koracan 37 . 
 matara 38 . 
 the koracan 39 . 
 desperate part three 1 . 
 secret 2 . 
 lisser 3 . 
 matara 4 . 
 lisser 5 . 
 vano 6 . 
 lisser 7 . 
 matara 8 . 
 vano 9 . 
 lisser 10 . 
 matara 11 . 
 lisser 12 . 
 vano 13 . 
 lisser 14 . 
 vano 15 . 
 matara 16 . 
 safe 17 . 
 targu 18 . 
 lisser 19 . 
 the high road to matara 20 . 
 lisser 21 . 
 the high road to matara 22 . 
 lisser 23 . 
 matara 24 . 
 lisser 25 . 
 matara 26 . 
 lisser 27 . 
 matara 28 . 
 doors 29 . 
 matara 30 . 
 the high road to matara 31 . 
 matara 32 . 
 journey 's end 33 . 
 targu 34 . 
 preludes meline 's dictionary of prenitia thank you about the author part one once upon a time , someone said ... one precipice she was standing on the edge . 
 a precipice . 
 her arms flared , her hair caught strong in the wind . 
 she launched from the rocky edge , the thick breeze catching her beautiful wings , whipping her into a soar , high above the plummeting rock below . 
 following the jagged line of the gorge , the dramatic and deadly dagger of the earth , she moved onwards to the dusty nothingness beyond , until she came to an unexpected burst of colour . 
 a dashing green and golden wash pouring across the landscape as if someone had tipped a painter 's pot over it . 
 a city in her midst , which on seeing her impressive frame , this creation of hope and symbol of freedom , would invite her wholeheartedly into their hidden existence . 
 she would be as a prize , as a god almost , and live out her life worshipped for who she was - what she was - this strange , dark , powerful being from the great beyond . 
 the wind lapped against telena 's face . 
 what if she could fly ? 
 what if she were an ancient beast , wings sprouting from her back , thick and powerful ; a span so wide she could just fall forwards , off the edge , and sail on the air ? 
 what if - telena yelped as the rock beneath her foot crumbled , jolting her forwards , entertaining a long , deep death . 
 she turned sharply , grasped at the tall , dry roots sticking from the ground , grunted in annoyance and heaved herself to safety . 
 her breath scraped violently in her chest as she thumped to the dust . 
 she glanced again into the gorge ; her foe , her future . 
 what in the name of ana was she thinking ? 
 she would prove her family right if they found her cracked like a nut at the bottom of that cliff . 
 she 'd forever be the reckless daughter , too insolent to take heed of their warnings . 
 she 'd be the story used to frighten children into steering clear of curiosity and never venturing further than their fear allowed . 
 no , there was no way that was happening . 
 the village was already so numb of excitement that pulling the last shred of discovery from those soft little fingers would feel like she 'd taken it and stabbed it to death herself . 
 she would n't let it happen . 
 she was staying alive . 
 but she 'd return there , of course . 
 no question . 
 pushing the scattered sheets of the grabe tree paper into her satchel , which left on a rock were now coated with a thin layer of wind-tickled dust , she headed back off in the direction of the village . 
 but it was one last look that buried that image deep into her memory . 
 because the gorge was the most beautiful thing she had ever seen in her life . 
 so far . 
 she did n't want it to be the only . 
 karnatay was quiet as always . 
 had these wooden structures just fallen from the sky in their exact state without any human intervention ? 
 telena wondered , as she marvelled in the void of both creativity and marks of individuality . 
 karnatay was no aniya . 
 aniya , a huge village half a sun 's travel away , held the most stunning architecture and was the source of the finest meat in the country , not to mention provided the best skin for her most precious artwork . 
 a place that still gripped her memory after merely one visit with her father and that held something so profound it made her heart leap every time she heard the name . 
 karnatay was so boring in comparison . 
 even the local vensana here was always pin-drop silent , despite the excesses of vensa they sold that should get even the most heavyweight of drinkers mildly rowdy . 
 as she booted a small hill of dirt across the path , creating wings with her cloak in the short shadows that danced on the ground , her gaze fell to the inconspicuous little building tucked between two large tenements . 
 hiking a little closer she peered in . 
 her face brightened at the sight of the modest book cases within . 
 there was what made her heart sing , made her stomach leap for joy , and let her mind bear the impossible dreams that weighed heavy in her real world . 
 there was also the librarian , just sat as always , head in a book . 
 he always foiled her retreat in there . 
 with the greatest care she could muster she opened the door . 
 as ever the atmosphere was overpowering . 
 from that heavy musty smell of the old wooden walls to the mingling of the fresh skin on the newly bound books , every scent sparked a memory . 
 her childhood . 
 those suns in the cart riding to aniya . 
 her father reading to her . 
 she took a breath , feeling that fascination flow into her lungs , and tiptoed over the ever creaky floorboards . 
 as softly as her shoes permitted she snuck past the desk where the librarian was obscured behind his large text . 
 she chose her direction . 
 towards the bookshelf that held the ancient tales . 
 there , on the top shelf , were the ones she had set her sights on . 
 the set of five that were exquisitely bound , all matching , which when new would have been bright and beautiful . 
 yet , whilst age had wearied their covers , it had only increased their intrigue . 
 her slender fingers reached up towards the last one of the set , curled around it and carefully slid it from the shelf . 
 there was a little dust , but these books were carefully kept . 
 their covers bore no names , no title , no words or letters of any kind . 
 all her life these old things had intrigued her , but every time she had requested her mother allow her to read them before she had been refused . 
 even her father had steered her from them , and he could rarely turn down that winning smile she had more than once used on him to get her way . 
 as she attempted to open the heavy front cover , a voice rose up from behind her . 
 ` lena . ' 
 instinctively she pulled the book close to her chest , turning swiftly to face him . 
 a defensive expression shrouded her entirely . 
 ` mother told me i was old enough to read them now , aznee . ' 
 ` did she ? ' 
 he did n't believe her . 
 she pursed her lips and squinted , determined to win the fight . 
 ` yes . ' 
 the book at the desk lowered . 
 her brother , aznee , gazed back . 
 he had been librarian for two tanes and did n't she know it . 
 if there was a way to control what she did , aznee would find that way . 
 they shared the same suspicion for each other permanently on their faces . 
 coolly , aznee placed a marker in his book , closed it and rested it gently on the desk . 
 as he rose from his seat telena held the old book tighter . 
 ` well , ' he continued as he wandered slowly towards her , ` she may have told you that you were old enough to read them , but not that you were old enough to understand them . ' 
 he stopped abruptly , reaching out to take the book . 
 telena stepped back , denying his grasp . 
 ` i want to read them . ' 
 aznee 's expression hardened , fear flashing in his eyes . 
 ` that is a fragile book , telena , be careful with it . ' 
 telena glanced at the book , the worn skin aroma igniting more memories of skipping school and candlelight under tables . 
 ` mother told me the roots of my name came from these books . 
 i want to know who i was named after . ' 
 ` i can tell you now that she did n't behave like you , ' he replied curtly . 
 ` was she pretty ? ' 
 ` i did n't know her . ' 
 ` what are they called ? 
 they do n't have titles , ' she quizzed , rechecking to see if she 'd missed something . 
 ` they do n't have titles because life does n't have a title . ' 
 she 'd heard it before . 
 her eyes rolled in her head as aznee got caught up in his own wisdom . 
 ` it flies by far too swiftly for us to name it . 
 we just have to live it and be grateful . ' 
 ` every book has a title , ' she corrected . 
 he smirked ; he knew it was coming , of course . 
 ` here we call them the prenitian chronicles . 
 now please , hand that over . ' 
 with an immature scowl telena finally handed the book over . 
 ` mother gave me permission , ' she moaned . 
 ` why wo n't you let me read them ? ' 
 aznee pushed the book back onto the shelf , purposefully slow . 
 ` i did n't say you could n't . 
 i just do n't see the point in reading a story ... ' he began , as he slid the first in the five-set from the shelf , ` if you do n't start at the beginning . ' 
 with a beam telena took the first chronicle from aznee 's hands . 
 he waited patiently . 
 very patiently , until finally , ` thank you , ' escaped her lips . 
 ` and please be careful , ' he begged as telena rushed off to a table . 
 ` that is the oldest book in the library . ' 
 if it were a bowl of spicy , hot wisco she could n't have eyed it more hungrily . 
 ` are there more like these ? ' 
 ` perhaps , ' he mused , and with as much authority as he could muster . 
 ` it 's rumoured some of them were destroyed for the information they contained . 
 maybe they were never written for the same reason . 
 we may never know . 
 but treat it with respect . 
 this is our history . ' 
 aznee returned to his desk and his book , taking one last peek at his sister before retreating behind his pages again . 
 telena took a breath . 
 she would finally know what lay hidden within the pages of those five mysterious books she had been waiting to read since as long as she could remember . 
 she pinched softly the heavy cover in her hand , taking a little time to feel the historic hide binding beneath her fingers . 
 then she turned it over . 
 on the first page was a symbol she had never seen before . 
 something beautiful , mysterious and intricate . 
 placed around it were smaller symbols , like crests , all interwoven with the one they encircled . 
 she ran a finger gently over each one , the very slight bump of the emboss tickling the tip . 
 her stomach flipped ; this was something important , she felt . 
 something she must do . 
 she must know . 
 she must understand . 
 and almost without consciousness her fingers turned the page to the story 's beginning . 
 peculiarly the words beneath made perfect sense . 
 for whatever reason she had almost expected them to be in another language , in an old forgotten tongue that would take tanes worth of interpretation until she uncovered the lost tales of old . 
 nothing so exceptional . 
 instead she began breathing softly the letters before her into the library 's thick air . 
 ` once upon a time , someone said , prenitia was grand . 
 the king and queen of the old world had created something magnificent , something beautiful , something so perfect that it had lasted for thousands of tanes . 
 this was in a time of trust , a time of peace , where people were welcomed from wherever they revered and the magic of the surroundings were really all that a person needed to feel powerful . ' 
 she leaned in closer to the words , determined to be sucked in , to escape the oppressive nothingness of the village beyond these walls . 
 ` the gods and the people lived in harmony and shared natural and supernatural power , ' she breathed , her eyes widening . 
 and as she continued , as each word entered her mind and escaped her lips , she saw it , she felt it - that old land of prenitia - vast , beautiful , stretching across desert , passing mountains and lakes and rivers , winding on beaches and through forests ; green , lush and alive . 
 ` and then , in an instant , it was gone . 
 some say it was war , some say it was natural disaster , others spoke of dark sorcery . 
 the power was removed , the gods deserted the earthland and the myths and legends of old prenitia were reduced to mere flickers of hope that , if released for but a moment , would wither and die . 
 ` hena prenitar , the full , prosperous land of the past , was gone . 
 now only several settlements and ancient cities survive to create the prenitia of this age . 
 one city , almost the most ancient in the country , was matara . ' 
 two matara the firelight flickered in his dark eyes . 
 his pleading eyes . 
 his desperate eyes . 
 the parliamentary hall of matara - a huge internal amphitheatre - at one time filled with shouts and arguments , agreements and cheers to the creation and abolition of new and old laws , had fallen long ago under darkness , the air into silence . 
 except for one voice . 
 the young man with those searching eyes stood at the podium . 
 that man , minister keno , took a deep breath and focused ahead . 
 his gaze was from the base of the ascending seats on a dais that faced a raised stage . 
 it passed up the steps that led to it over a covered carpet of a style which was once a great export of matara , something for which the city weavers were once revered . 
 the carpet was worn and almost devoid of colour , of life and welcome ; just like the eyes that stared back down . 
 ` they have no defences , sire , ' keno spoke loudly , calmly . 
 ` if you attack , you will erase their entire existence . ' 
 his heart pounded , his mouth dried , as he awaited the answer to a plea he had uttered more than once before . 
 the sire he addressed sat in silence , in boredom , with his scruffily bearded chin resting in his hand . 
 but despite exalting himself as a warrior king , premo wore finery : gleaming jewels and rings adorned his person ; exquisite clothing of the finest fabrics . 
 they were probably the last of their kind in the city , and oddly not of the regal green , but the brightest colours from ffremettrn cloth , the empire in the north . 
 an enemy of prenitia 's only in presumption , but one nonetheless . 
 this monarch 's eyes bore a great deal of indifference to keno , that small insignificant figure beneath him . 
 practically a boy . 
 without physical skills , without prowess or talent , but with an unfortunately grand place in the city 's political arena . 
 keno was in the way ; for premo knew where there was one rat , more would be hiding . 
 along the stage premo 's guards stood erect , four each side , which was almost laughable for a man of his size , but surely , keno had pondered , representative of the size of his ego and the lack of something else . 
 the minister continued , ` i believe , if we arranged a meeting with the mayor , then perhaps - ' premo stood . 
 keno silenced himself . 
 in an accent very different to the young mataran , the king replied in a vague tone , ` minister keno , i have no intention of meeting with any person from that place . ' 
 a servant rushed over , throwing a great , lavish cloak over the king 's huge shoulders . 
 he really was a frighteningly large man , no wonder the army was so enamoured of him . 
 ` i do not care if they have no defences and it is my intention that the village be destroyed , just as the others have been . 
 it will be mine , intact or ruined and you , your kith and kin have no authority to persuade me otherwise . ' 
 ` my lord - ' ` if you speak another word i shall have you executed . ' 
 keno was not a stupid man . 
 he silenced himself in his indignation as he watched the king march from the hall . 
 each and every time this happened , just as he knew it would , he was well aware he should have been used to it . 
 but keno knew himself too well to expect his hope to fade as quickly as almost every other minister 's had . 
 he would never become like those deserting cowards . 
 he wanted premo to see sense , and no matter how hopeless , he would always cling to the possibility . 
 it verged on naivety , and he felt like a fool , but he could n't stop . 
 he would n't . 
 keno 's head lowered with a deep exhalation . 
 ` we are all doomed . ' 
 his fingers squeezed the podium until the blood cut off and they went white , then he breathed , ` where is she ? ' 
 ` keno . ' 
 a voice resonated from behind him that would not , in the theatre 's past , have been able to be heard there at that level . 
 he knew who it was . 
 he felt relief . 
 ` i know what you 're going to say dommaris . 
 please do n't . ' 
 keno turned , his smart blue robes dusting the floor lightly , and faced a man who could certainly have been his grandfather , who occupied a single seat at the base of the auditorium . 
 dommaris was the only other minister who remained loyal to the cause , but it was clearly wearying him . 
 keno could read the expression he bore perfectly . 
 it was a caring , cautious one that screamed he was right but denied the ego . 
 dommaris had , after all , been his mentor since his early youth . 
 he had taught him everything about politics , about diplomacy and tolerance . 
 he had been his most loyal companion during the past eight tanes of this oppressive reign and he was the only one who truly allowed him to vent his anger freely and without judgement . 
 ` i understand the cause i fight for is a dead one , but i will not hide away like the rest of them . ' 
 keno marched from the dais , his anger boiling . 
 ` i would rather be executed than tolerate the merciless killing of innocents . 
 and how dare he talk of authority ! ' 
 dommaris sighed , in compassion rather than annoyance . 
 how often he had heard this , but how glad he was to still have it said . 
 ` you are your father 's son . 
 and you have your mother 's temper . 
 come . 
 we shall supper together and speak of better times . ' 
 the old minister walked carefully on his ailing legs past keno , the bright young man who kept the fire within himself burning so fiercely , and patted his arm affectionately as he headed to the politicians ' entrance to the left of the stage . 
 keno remained by the podium , eyes boring into the empty throne on the stage . 
 ` you would have us all damned , premo . 
 i will not be a party to it . ' 
 after escaping the darkness of the theatre keno rubbed his eyes , yawning deeply and stretched out his muscles . 
 it had been a while since he had said fai ana to dommaris , but as usual he never went himself to bed . 
 he wandered over to his generous window in the large office he had been assigned when he 'd passed his ministerial exams all that time ago . 
 in the darkness he could see the outline of the eastern battlements and beyond that , the twinkle of sea water beneath the closest , largest moon , hansheca , named of the goddess of mahrken . 
 keno had grown up in the city - such a beautiful city it had been - and had been born in the reign of queen helan . 
 in his youth , he entertained notions of working a trade like his father , taelin . 
 but his fascination with politics had engulfed every grain of his interest . 
 looking over the darkness of matara he smiled as he recalled his first meeting with dommaris . 
 it was on the streets of the trade quarter , the old man discussing the finer arts of bartering with taelin outside the forge . 
 barely four suns had passed from that moment before he had stepped foot for the first time in the palace , the building that the long line of mataran queens had occupied for thousands of tanes . 
 it was once so awe-inspiring for some that great works of poetry and literature , or beautiful paintings , or glorious weaves were created in its honour to take its memory into the future . 
 but matara was no longer that shining , inspiring , safe place it had been . 
 the towers that stood at precise distances around the perimeter wall , gazing far out beyond the cliff the city perched on and the sand and sea that drifted by it , were all empty . 
 once they would have been draped in the glorious colours of the mataran house of peri , guarded by immaculate warriors ready to defend their historical fortress . 
 no longer . 
 on the gatehouse used to hang incredible tapestries bearing the arms of matara , warning invaders : we are protected , we are unified . 
 but the walls had been empty for a long time . 
 if anything they were crumbling . 
 the massive gatehouse that had never been breached , that had entered into the hearts and minds of prenitians as an immovable point in their history could be waltzed through , with barely a reminder that this enormous city ever had any sway . 
 keno stared into the huge mirror on the wall as he pulled off his outer robe and began loosen the buttons of his shirt . 
 even his youthful body was beginning to suffer like the city . 
 his pale brown skin was sallow and deep eyes were resting above dark circles . 
 he poked at his cheek , trying to ignite life into it , but it merely sank back into the sadness of his expression . 
 he was ill . 
 everyone was ill . 
 every thing . 
 he sat at his desk . 
 the pile of papers that had newly scattered it that sunrise was now twice the height . 
 they bore the names of the dead , the dying , the orphaned and the now-childless . 
 names he had never seen and names he knew well . 
 what he held in his fingers was the record of disaster . 
 all that existed was war and death , initiated by their king . 
 the inhumanity , the purposelessness tore into keno 's heart more sharply than any threat premo could utter and he knew he would never back down ; he would grit his teeth until the end . 
 whether or not that end would be his . 
 three rayan where the sun rose against the giant defensive walls of matara , it certainly set against the smaller , modest habitations of rayan . 
 on the westernmost border of prenitia , one of the newest societies , the most isolated and as such one with the most potential , existed under the unassuming name . 
 here there was no throne . 
 no monarch . 
 the mayor was a figurehead , for control of debate only , to ensure laws and rules were recorded and understood and all opinions of the population were treated equally . 
 it was a hall where the citizens debated , where they made the rules and their warriors helped enforce them . 
 the mayor stood in the centre of the gleaming citizens ' hall - the newest addition to the thriving village - on this particularly bustling night , standing at his small podium , a hammer in his hand , beating it down for order . 
 the murmurs of general discussion that filled the tiers died down and the mayor began to read from his stack of paper . 
 ` session will commence . 
 first to speak : grencil family of central housing . ' 
 a middle-aged , drooped-brow man stood somewhere in the tiers . 
 the hall fell silent , everyone eagerly waiting for the expected flurry of debate that would kick off the evening . 
 the woman beside the grencil man tugged at his well-woven sleeve , whispering something to him , something not to forget . 
 he shooed her hand away and cleared his throat . 
 ` we have had many problems recently with the dwellers of the outer quarters housing running amok on our lawns - ' screamed protestation filled the hall as the man tried to continue his fading , desperate speech . 
 ` - and knocking over our fences and frightening our children . 
 our houses were meant to be a safe , quiet environment for our children to grow in and have been becoming - ' he faded under the immense din . 
 the mayor screamed for order , his own voice inaudible beneath the protests . 
 ` order ! 
 order ! ' 
 the grencil man took a great breath , and yelled out his objections as loudly as his lungs would allow . 
 ` they have become playgrounds for ... for the ruffians of this society . 
 my fene and i have lived here for as long as the village has existed , my children were born here . 
 why should we be invaded by people who come here clearly just to disrupt and destroy ? 
 ` i request on behalf of central housing a higher patrol of home warriors to protect our properties and preserve our peace , or a fiercer punishment for disobedience . ' 
 with an abrupt self-assurance , the grencil man sat down against the retorting uproar . 
 the mayor hammered excessively , raising his voice above the people . 
 ` adri , speaker for the home warriors , have you reason to contest ? ' 
 within the warriors ' section , just one of them had stood . 
 his striking hazel eyes masked a tingling of emotion and were marked very carefully towards the crowd , but directed at no-one in particular . 
 he shifted a little on his feet , his scabbard tapping against his leg reminding him of the position he held and how he would like to keep it . 
 preparing to address the hall he glanced down briefly , catching sight of the small steel badge that denoted his status as the home warriors ' representative . 
 on behalf , he repeated in his head , not for . 
 adri took a steady , deep breath . 
 it was only the fourth time he had stood before the hall , but the times prior had been minor matters , unimportant in comparison . 
 he knew he must word it correctly , no matter his true feelings on the ignorance of the subject and the ridiculous request . 
 he was a representative of trusted and respected warriors . 
 this position is an honour and those words resounded in his mind as he began to speak . 
 ` we have been unfairly expected to treat members of housing other than central with contempt and suspicion . ' 
 he spoke with a lilt in his accent that marked him of targuan descent , a large prosperous village to the east . 
 an ` invader ' to this citizen . 
 ` we were elected to protect , to keep the peace and to be fair with everyone whilst abiding laws introduced to this village by her own people . 
 this has been increasingly difficult when certain members of the community do not adhere to the rules that they themselves voted for in referendum . ' 
 cheers and boos echoed around the hall . 
 adri glanced at the warriors behind him , his face stony . 
 ` order ! ' 
 the mayor cracked his hammer down so hard the head broke and catapulted off narrowly missing an old man sat in the front stalls . 
 all but the warriors fell into laughter . 
 adri 's voice rose ever so slightly and forced upon the hall a new and certain tone . 
 his entire body was screaming it . 
 you are wrong . 
 ` we do not believe in treating any citizen of this village differently to another . 
 when other villagers treat their fellows differently , regardless of their backgrounds or status , we have no choice but to object . ' 
 the villagers listened silently but with eagerness and it was n't long before adri realised he had begun to sweat . 
 eyes stared down at him , the atmosphere stifling . 
 his armour suddenly felt three times as heavy and doubt like a stream of poison filled his veins and made him question himself . 
 gripping the hilt of his sword tightly he gritted his teeth and stood straight , directing those deep eyes sternly at his audience . 
 let the words come to you , imarko , the warrior head had told him . 
 and do n't forget to breathe . 
 ` it is unfair and unacceptable . 
 we were not put here to mother some and cast out many . 
 our motion will be as follows . 
 there will be no increase to our current daily patrol of the central housing section or any rebuke upon other quarters of the village . 
 no protest . ' 
 adri sat sternly , the chaos ensuing again . 
 the young warrior brushed his lengthy , black hair from his clammy forehead as his hand shivered with adrenaline . 
 he took a deep , slow breath . 
 warriors from behind reached over and patted his shoulders in support , but he barely noticed . 
 he was far more interested in what the villagers were saying . 
 as his eyes wandered over the citizens in uproar with each other he wondered , and not for the first time , whether they even knew what they were arguing about , or whether they just believed they should be arguing about something for the sake of it . 
 the wooden door slamming vibrated the whole hut . 
 the sword landed on the bed with a soft thump . 
 the small stove in the corner of the room flickered with light from within so the air was warm but silent . 
 adri sat silently on the bed , pressing his head into his hands , breathing with measure , soothing his explosive temper before it erupted . 
 this was something he had been trying to control for only a short time and it was still getting the better of him . 
 he glanced up and looked about his small , modest room . 
 it was nowhere near lavish . 
 a simple bed , a small cabinet and a stove were what most of the warriors were expected to live with . 
 some had fires , some had acquired other trinkets or luxuries ; adri had no problem with it , he preferred a simple life , he always had . 
 the knives and spears and swords on the walls , however , told him something else about his life : he was not meant to be a public speaker . 
 why had he accepted the position ? 
 why did he even think anyone would listen to him , standing up in front of them all in the hall as if he could change their minds or inspire their lives ? 
 he was there to defend the village , and fight , not give lectures to impertinent and ignorant people . 
 the soft knock on the door tugged him from boiling point but certainly was n't going to budge him . 
 ` it 's open . ' 
 the door creaked softly open and a fishing rod peeped into the room . 
 a voice floated in from the darkness . 
 ` fancy some poaching ? ' 
 there were a few moments that passed before adri rose from the bed and walked to his door grabbing his cloak and sword as he went . 
 a little hook on a line dropped into the water , rippling the reflected moon as if it had been tickled . 
 the northern forest of rayan was pretty and calming at night , the only sounds coming from the cooing of night owls and rustling of rodents . 
 strewn about the ground were a couple of brown packs , food and water pouches half pulled out , hardly touched . 
 adri sat with a sour expression , hunched in his cloak , his rod held out towards the water . 
 he glanced to his left where his brother , murray , was tugging on his own rod , reeling it in steadily . 
 ` hey , i got one ! ' 
 murray yelped as he struggled to draw back his line . 
 ` maybe you caught the bottom , ' adri added , blankly . 
 ` woah ! ' 
 and a thud . 
 murray landed hard on his rump , causing the horses to whinny back in fright . 
 ` i told you not to put such a weight on it . 
 it probably got caught on something , ' adri murmured , staring back into the water . 
 murray sighed and examined his line , ruffling his short hair with a sigh . 
 adri was commonly mistaken for being a much older man through his seriousness , though he was barely four tanes older than murray 's twenty . 
 when expressionless , the brothers certainly looked alike , but mostly their similarity waned as adri 's smile barely ever rose on his face and murray 's almost never left his . 
 that night was no exception as murray 's lips curled into a smile and he turned smugly to the unhappy man . 
 ` oh , dear brother . 
 it seems to have got caught on a fish . ' 
 and sure enough a corl fish was wriggling out of life on the hook . 
 adri sniffed with his usual disinterest . 
 ` it 's not very big is it ? ' 
 murray glanced forgivingly at the passionate man he had always idolised , who had always had such strength in him . 
 a strength that had brought them from the painful memories of targu to such a rich life in rayan . 
 murray , unhooking the fish and tossing it back into the water , changed the subject . 
 ` how 's cora ? ' 
 he asked as he watched the fish dart away in the river . 
 adri 's eyes narrowed in thought , in mild concern . 
 ` she 's alright . 
 she 's been a little tense , having a lot of aches recently . 
 probably overdoing it again . 
 i sent her to errin . ' 
 murray grinned at the thought of cora being ordered to do anything . 
 he put his fishing rod down , leaned back and gazed upwards at hansheca . 
 being in the midst of cuisun when the sun was highest and hottest , he 'd almost forgotten last mahrken , the worst it had been for crops in at least six tanes . 
 this tane so far looked fruitful ; nothing had ravaged anyone 's future harvest yet and the fruits and vegetables were growing well . 
 it was over four moonturns before hansun and the mahrken cold arrived at their doors . 
 they 'd be fine . 
 ` i never thought i 'd see you , well , like that . 
 settling down almost . ' 
 adri replied , almost sneering . 
 ` we 're far from settling down . ' 
 ` well , you do n't look like you 're on the verge of splitting up . 
 you 'd make acceptable looking children , ' he said , pleasantly . 
 then he added , ` mostly from her side . ' 
 ` thanks . ' 
 murray sighed on the slight breeze , his expression a rare proverbial dark cloud , but his pale targuan skin ignited to a glow by the moonlight . 
 ` it 'd be nice to have , well , a bit of a family here . ' 
 adri reeled in his line , with nothing but bait on the end , and dropped it beside him . 
 ` well , what makes you think we 'd have deets before you do ? ' 
 murray smiled at hearing an old targuan word again - an insulting word for children , but somehow soothing . 
 he snorted loudly in reply . 
 ` it 's not that unlikely , ' adri said with surety . 
 ` zia 's a nice girl . ' 
 the look they shared said otherwise . 
 ` you should n't just settle , murray , ' adri said sternly , but in a way murray knew was genuinely caring . 
 murray perked up , picked up his fishing rod and stood back up . 
 ` the only thing i know i 'll have before you is another fish . ' 
 he re-baited his hook and launched it into the river . 
 adri reached for his own rod , only to be interrupted by shouts coming from upriver . 
 the brothers ' attention diverted to a couple up the riverbank , chasing each other , falling over , laughing and shouting . 
 murray smirked as adri squinted . 
 ` i think that 's maranda , ' murray whispered informatively . 
 ` who ? ' 
 ` one of the local ladies . 
 you know , she 's been everywhere , seen everything , done - ' ` aright , alright . 
 did n't expect you to know her by name . ' 
 adri knew of maranda . 
 he did n't approve of her . 
 it was n't her whoring necessarily , it was the absence of any discernible skill that could be put to use . 
 ` i 've seen her around the arches at night . 
 always with a different , ah , person . ' 
 murray held off his next question with a purposeful smile . 
 ` how about i try it out with her ? ' 
 ` i 'll disown you . ' 
 a huge splash echoed into the night . 
 maranda and her man had thrown themselves into the water and were splashing each other loudly . 
 despite his disapproval adri could n't help but smirk . 
 he and murray shared a knowing glint of the eye and turned their attention back to fishing . 
 four history ` a lady ! ' 
 telena yelled at the top of her voice . 
 aznee jumped a little at the outburst , resting his book on the desk , eyes bulging . 
 ` they 're not uncommon , telena . 
 just like ` lords ' . ' 
 ` i know , but i never thought they 'd have one in a history book . ' 
 ` it 's not just a history book . ' 
 he leaned forward , lacking surprise of her ignorance . 
 ` how can you learn about one person without looking to the others surrounding them ? ' 
 ` there 's only one person in here surrounding her ! ' 
 aznee pressed a sorry hand to his temple , eyes wearily questioning how exactly the two of them were related . 
 ` lena , if you lie about history then you 're corrupting the future . 
 now i did ask you if you were old enough to understand . 
 if you 're not then i 'll put it back on the shelf and wait until you 're grey-haired . ' 
 ` how am i supposed to learn if nobody teaches me ? ' 
 and that was a very good point . 
 with gritted teeth at her correction aznee rose again , telena 's eyes oddly seeking whatever knowledge he had to enthral her with this sun . 
 it did n't stop her imagining tripping him and watching him fall to the floor , though . 
 she had to conceal a smirk as he sat on the edge of her desk , sifting through his memories to pinpoint something simple enough for her to gauge . 
 ` alright , ' he started with a deep breath . 
 ` let me explain . 
 do you remember our uncle ? ' 
 she nodded . 
 ` we saw him about four times in the course of his life . 
 you were very , very young . 
 i remember once , we were playing sword-fights . 
 i knocked him to the ground and pointed my sword at his neck . 
 he looked up at me and said , ` what would you gain from my death ? '' 
 ` well that 's a bit morbid for a play fight . ' 
 his look of disapproval did its job . 
 ` sorry . ' 
 ` about seven tanes later i was in a fight with a boy from destos . 
 he and his friends had come over here to cause trouble . 
 we chased them , but they knocked over a woman with-child . 
 i was furious and chased them until they ran out of breath , then i got that boy on the ground and beat him . 
 i wanted to kill him . 
 he pleaded with me to stop . 
 all i could think of suddenly was what our uncle had said to me . 
 what would i gain from this boy 's blood ? 
 ` just think if i 'd killed him , i 'd have been exiled . 
 we would never have grown up together and i would n't be here talking to you about this book . ' 
 no , and i could have read it in peace . 
 ` all for that single moment , ' he continued . 
 ` and we 'd only seen him four times . 
 now he 's dead . 
 do you understand ? ' 
 telena took a moment . 
 it made a little sense . 
 in her mind it related in absolutely no way to her question about ` ladies ' , but she nodded regardless . 
 ` i think so . 
 it 's complicated . ' 
 ` it 's life , ' he said , hands flying into the air in frustration . 
 ` now read the book ! ' 
 as aznee turned his back to her she poked out her tongue . 
 childish , yes , but it made her feel better . 
 five matara the huge room was pitch black but for a soft glow emitting from its centre . 
 there were no lamps . 
 no windows . 
 only one door , which was barely visible and allowed nothing of the outside world to creep in . 
 a woman stood in silence , frozen almost , in the centre of the glow . 
 her fingers drifted lightly over the simple gown she wore , some unseen breeze causing it to shimmer on the air from the split of the outer fabric at the waist . 
 the material was almost metallic and reflected a little to a shine as her breathing rocked her ever-so-slightly . 
 she was inherently mataran and she shared similar thick curls with keno , though hers dangled far beyond her shoulders . 
 they were streaked with a plethora of colours , once vibrant and bold , now faded like the walls of the prison , and her dark roots beneath had come through in many inches . 
 around her neck was a simple pendant , pretty , but nothing entirely special in comparison to the grandeur - or what had been the grandeur - of mataran style . 
 her eyes were tired , but determined . 
 she stared blankly through the light . 
 the door opened swiftly and premo marched in . 
 as he approached the softly emanating light his ego entourage fell back . 
 premo and yesmi stood merely looking at one another . 
 she hated these moments , but she would not let it show . 
 it had been two tanes since she had set foot outside the room , when premo had brought in lorosa , the necromancer from some far off , depraved land who had imprisoned her there . 
 ` you are a troublesome young woman , ' premo sneered , interrupting yesmi 's inner digression . 
 ` i hope you 're finding my place for you far more fitting than that dank little room you holed yourself up in . ' 
 the corner of her mouth twitched . 
 that dank little hole was where she had been working towards his destruction . 
 ` i will find her , yesmi . 
 i believe you know where she is , and i will not stop until i have her . ' 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 you just try , they said . 
 i dare you . 
 ` i have killed so many . 
 would you have more people die in return for her safety ? ' 
 but her reply of silence ignited his true feelings in the matter . 
 ` if i return and you have not given her whereabouts , i will remove the dearest to you . 
 i will cut that boy into pieces , boil him and share him with my army . ' 
 yesmi leapt forward screaming a war cry but barely six inches away from the king a green sphere exploded around her , forcing her thudding to the ground . 
 for a moment , just a moment , there seemed to be faint human shapes encircling her in that slight , glowing orb . 
 the green light dissipated , yesmi lay on the floor , green-tinged skin , sharply breathing back in the air that had been knocked from her lungs . 
 ` i am not alone in this fight . ' 
 premo raised his eyebrows and stepped back . 
 he observed the room , thoughtfully . 
 ` that 's very strange . 
 because it seems to me very much as if you are . ' 
 the king left just as abruptly as he had arrived , with his entourage . 
 the door closed silently . 
 yesmi returned painfully to her feet , her head low , her eyes staring blankly forward . 
 just you dare . 
 six rayan there was something beautiful about rayan at night . 
 especially when rayan was n't where you were . 
 it seemed far away . 
 just a tiny dot on the map just like all those other incredible cities and towns across prenitia . 
 somewhere that could be anywhere , that could be filled with starry-eyed people and exciting new adventures . 
 leyna sat alone on the edge of the quarry ; her chin rested on her knees with her thin arms hugging them close as she chewed her lip and dreamed about this other world . 
 she had been born in rayan , those nineteen tanes earlier . 
 she had grown up there . 
 she had been educated there , and teased and bullied and ridiculed . 
 it was not part of her . 
 it was everything she wished she could carve away and redesign . 
 no . 
 her solace was out there , in the darkness , beyond that quarry that was now silent and calm . 
 she subconsciously ran her fingers through her long , dark hair and pulled apart some messy woven strands . 
 it knotted easily and she was constantly , idly grooming it . 
 but she kept it long regardless , to hide behind . 
 it soothed her ; it made her remember that she was there , that if she did n't exist and she was as worthless as she had been made to believe , why any god would bother giving her knots in her hair . 
 her hands tugged her cloak tighter round her shoulders , partially hiding her face in the collar . 
 she was mostly a plain girl , never wearing or doing anything to draw attention to herself , but that constancy behind her eyes kept this personal intrigue always alive . 
 her mother had once told her that she had never stopped thinking as a child , or questioning , or dreaming . 
 it was only a matter of time , surely , that one of those dreams came true . 
 with the beautiful stars above and the honest shine of hansheca leyna knew for some those dreams that she pondered were n't just grains of sand that must fall from the fingers to the ocean of the other , forgotten ones . 
 they were eternity held in suspension by hope that she must not lose . 
 they were reality in the purest form . 
 and for now , someone else 's . 
 she always had to breathe that last breath of the dream and return to hers . 
 fighting the inevitable she took that last lungful of untainted air with closed eyes . 
 held it , for a few moments longer . 
 then let it go . 
 with a final look at the darkness that held her hope , she turned and left , wandering back through the western woods exactly the same way that she did every few nights . 
 as leyna emerged on the other side of the trees her own reality struck her again . 
 there stood the edge of rayan in all its depreciation . 
 she quickly threw herself into a stride , head dropped low and senses turned off as she weaved through the outer housing . 
 post-sunset noises disturbed the night air : the crying of children , wails of the ill , coughs of the sick . 
 she squeezed her arms tight to her chest in an effort to keep them at bay . 
 as she sped through the wearying slums , she finally came to the edge of the older , but much more attractive parts of rayan . 
 the original buildings , what the beautiful new village had meant to look like all over . 
 but she did not enter there . 
 none of those pretty little houses was hers . 
 taking a left she headed to one of the standard , extended housing blocks . 
 the first quick builds that were erected during the influx of immigrants once rayan had built a name for itself . 
 as leyna entered the heavy door of the housing block she forced her eyes to keep from looking back at those beautiful homes and to face her own existence . 
 leyna entered her home quietly and ever-so-carefully closed the door . 
 inside was small and dark where the shutters were pulled , but there was glass in the windows , something that rayan boasted over many other villages . 
 the housing block was by no means a completely ugly place to live , nor was it so messy . 
 but it was very plain and without any particular sense of taste or style it had a distinct tiredness . 
 but the small tenement was a roof , albeit a very suffocating one , and it was more than some had . 
 as she took a step to the left , towards her own room , muffled sounds escaped from the door to her right . 
 she froze . 
 some of those floorboards creaked and she did n't want to make her presence felt . 
 she crept slowly , as if on broken glass , towards her bedroom . 
 a squeak beneath her foot echoed in the dark . 
 even her own home was against her now ! 
 ` who 's that ? 
 leyna ? ' 
 a voice from the other room called . 
 leyna cursed herself and sped as fast as possible to her room . 
 as she flew in she pushed the door closed and locked it . 
 breath heavy , she leaned fearfully against the wood . 
 pounding on her door forced her to retreat beneath her bed-covers and wrap her arms around her ears . 
 ` leyna ! 
 is that you ? 
 leyna ? 
 leyna ! ' 
 she would n't answer . 
 she 'd just stay quiet . 
 the banging stopped . 
 another voice outside the door calmed the first . 
 a muffle of laughter and the two voices retreated , leaving leyna in peace . 
 seven kin ` she 's exactly like me ! ' 
 telena projected into the library 's silence . 
 a few people around her , studying books for more important purposes glanced up annoyed . 
 when they realised who it was , they rolled their eyes and returned to their reading . 
 aznee marched over , half-smiling , attempting to appease his irritated patrons . 
 he leaned on telena 's table , staring her point blank in the eye . 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` she 's like me , ' telena whispered . 
 ` i fail to see how and i 've read it four times . ' 
 ` well i expect it 's because you were trying to work out ways you were like adri . ' 
 her brother was not impressed , but she knew how clever she sounded . 
 ` look , she loves stories and far away things and escape , ' her emphasis on that word caused aznee to twitch . 
 ` and she lives in a really boring village that she hates with all her strength , she has a secret place she goes to and she has my name . 
 well , some of it . 
 she is exactly like me , ' telena said triumphantly . 
 aznee raised a brow . 
 he wandered off round the corner , leaving telena peering after him , annoyed at his avoidance . 
 he returned moments later with a large book , placed it down and flicked through its pages . 
 then he pointed to a word on the page . 
 ` there 's your definition of ` exactly ' , i think you 'll find it interesting . ' 
 ` oh ha ha , ' telena sneered , shutting meline 's dictionary . 
 ` although , thinking about it now , you might just be a little like her . 
 she was a loner who never did as she was told and barely ever went to school . ' 
 ` no she was n't , ' telena said quietly , her brother 's words stinging far deeper than they should have . 
 aznee winced at the hurt in his little sister 's eyes and immediately regretted it . 
 he pushed the chronicle nearer to her and leaned in closer . 
 ` then carry on reading and prove me wrong , ' he said softly . 
 as aznee wandered away , telena , for a moment , did n't want to read on . 
 she did n't want all of those things to be true . 
 but if they were , perhaps she and leyna had far more in common than she 'd expected . 
 whoever had written this book , for some reason , must have felt leyna important enough to record . 
 and of course it meant that with all the commonality they shared , she too must be that important . 
 to someone . 
 eight matara the sharp snapping of keno 's long coat trailed in his wake as he trotted down the rear steps of the palace . 
 the gated , arched entrance to the trade quarter was on his left . 
 on his right , the citizens ' entrance . 
 he took that route without hesitation , pulling his coat tighter around his body . 
 he could n't determine if the chill he felt was from the barely risen sun or the destination he headed for . 
 as he wound in and out of the rubbish-filled streets , which he had almost forgotten were once wide walkways , more than capable of handling carriages , he strained to avoid covering his nose . 
 matara had never in the time before premo took the throne had slums . 
 it was n't a perfect city , there was crime , there were vagrants and the like , but it was never this dirty . 
 never diseased or decrepit . 
 there had been pride once upon a time . 
 he took another turn . 
 the tall housing ahead of him now had begun to crumble . 
 it pained him to see . 
 just as the children playing in the dirt sent a need to scream in anger through him . 
 and the old woman , wrapped in a dirty blanket up ahead , who reached out her frail hands in hope of some sustenance . 
 for a brief moment , keno 's self-preservation told him to walk on , to leave her , to ignore her . 
 his conscience kicked in . 
 his duty . 
 do n't . 
 as he knelt down beside the old woman he reached into his coat . 
 he noticed the tear tracks on her face , the pleading look in her eyes . 
 his hand withdrew from his coat , emerging with a small , tightly wrapped linen parcel . 
 he pushed it into her hands . 
 it was just a small food parcel , once these would have been scoffed at by some used to much more extravagant indulgences . 
 it had become a godsend . 
 reaching into his coat again he withdrew another small packet . 
 this was not food . 
 it was a dried substance called ffremettr grass . 
 it grew only in the far north , in the empire of ffremettr and it was once a common import for relaxation purposes . 
 with yesmi imprisoned , this was the only comfort that could legitimately be offered to those in pain . 
 he pressed the small packet into her hand . 
 ` may anatersa bless you , ' the old woman croaked , in a voice barely able to squeeze from her throat . 
 he tried to suppress it , but pity filled his eyes nonetheless . 
 ` please hold on , ' he said , squeezing her hand gently . 
 ` we will return your home to you . ' 
 and he forced himself to rise and continue , speeding off , fighting off anger and tears , and darting round a corner . 
 he pounded his fist onto a door not far up the next street , breathing in sharply , gathering himself . 
 he could not lose his balance . 
 he must n't . 
 the door before him opened . 
 a tired , or more exhausted , woman appeared behind it . 
 as she set eyes on keno her mouth burst into a smile . 
 ` keno ! ' 
 yuna , his mother , squealed in unadulterated joy . 
 ` my darling , keno . ' 
 with plentiful kisses , a deep embrace and a good tug on his arm she dragged him into the house . 
 it was smaller than he remembered , still neat but a little staler of late . 
 a little dust lay across the wooden surfaces . 
 if only he could spend more time helping his mother . 
 if only he had more time . 
 ` i 'm so glad to see you , i 've been going mad without your father 's ffremettr grass , he 's been in so much pain recently , and - oh goodness , sit yourself down i 'll make you a hot drink . 
 vensa or yares tea ? ' 
 yuna rushed around , tidying as she went . 
 keno could n't help but laugh at his mother 's eternal enthusiasm , but his laugh stopped as she cleared away the blanket and pillow she was still using since she 'd made the large couch her bed . 
 he moved towards his usual chair . 
 the one where he 'd always read his politics books before moving into the palace permanently . 
 ` tea sounds good . 
 it 's a little early for vensa . 
 saying that though ... oh ... here . ' 
 he reached inside his coat and pulled out a small jar of ffremettr grass . 
 ` be careful , ' he warned . 
 ` the batch that yesmi has in storage is much stronger than the palace supplies . ' 
 yuna took the jar , smoothing her fingers on the label . 
 she looked at him lovingly , placed the jar on the side and smiled , embracing him again , more tenderly , with a heavy relief of burden . 
 ` oh , my dear keno , i am so very glad you 're here . ' 
 keno held her closely for a few moments before drawing away , a serious look crossing his face . 
 ` how is he ? ' 
 yuna cast her hands into the air as if dismissing the thought would dismiss the problem . 
 ` the fits come and go . 
 he is very sick most of the sun . 
 he 's lost so much weight . ' 
 she tapped the jar on the side . 
 ` this is the only relief he gets . 
 when he is awake enough to realise ... ' she frowned deeply with a sigh to keep from crying . 
 ` can i see him ? ' 
 ` of course . ' 
 she rubbed keno 's arm with deep regret and walked off towards the small kitchen . 
 ` i 'll make some tea . ' 
 keno 's eyes fell on the doorway at the end of the room . 
 he stared at it , his mind filled with whats and hows and whys . 
 he did n't want to keep going through this . 
 sometimes he wished it would just end . 
 and , selfishly , not just for the sake of his father . 
 he began the short walk towards the room and with a breath , stepped within . 
 dust floated on the air as usual , the atmosphere was dank and heavy . 
 streams of light crept through the holes in the drawn curtains . 
 a small candle sat at the far end of the undersized room , almost burnt out . 
 it could n't hide the overbearing odour from keno 's nose any more than his eyes could for what lay ahead . 
 in the corner , on a small , heavily blanketed bed , a skeletal figure lay asleep . 
 skin pulled tight over the bones , eyes closed and sunken , the figure lying in front of him was barely alive . 
 that odour was the dying . 
 keno was overcome ; the thoughts of the broken city and starving people flew from his mind and were replaced with only when . 
 keno sat quietly in the chair next to the bed . 
 he placed his hand over his father 's , taking a moment to examine the frail fingers . 
 he changed his mind ; he wanted him back . 
 ` stay with us , father . 
 please . ' 
 nine rayan a thin , warm stream of light poked through the gap in the curtains and rested over the bed . 
 as she stirred , leyna squeezed her eyes tighter together , irritated . 
 then she sat up sharply . 
 kept silent . 
 there was n't a sound from anywhere . 
 as swiftly as possible she poured water from the jug on her large cabinet into the bowl next to it , dropping a clean cloth in it . 
 the cabinet had been the first piece of furniture that she had added her own unique design to with a carving knife . 
 when her mother had moved to rayan , tanes before she was born , this cabinet was the only thing she had brought with her . 
 and when leyna was young , it was given to her as a gift . 
 leyna wondered as she looked at it , examined her own engraving on the front , whether her mother regretted that now . 
 she stripped off her night shift and rested it on her bed . 
 then , squeezing the cloth in the bowl to a damp ball she wiped herself down , scrubbing a small unscented soap bar over her skin , shivering at the chill in her nakedness . 
 to keep her mind off the discomfort she glanced around her room . 
 little figurines scattered the shelves . 
 a pile of wood sat in the corner . 
 decorated and painted pottery in a box on the floor . 
 the only things leyna treasured in the world . 
 they should have been out in there in it , but leyna would never deign to think she could make a real living out of anything that her hand had crafted . 
 it was tainted by association . 
 forcing her hopeful thoughts aside , she dried herself quickly with a softer towel and pulled on her clothes . 
 clothes she had mended time and time again . 
 patched up with material from other clothes beyond repair . 
 rarely , but occasionally , leyna 's mother allowed her to use her money to buy a new item of clothing , trousers or a cloak or some such . 
 but as leyna pushed her feet into her leather boots , an annoyance struck her that shoes were never on the list . 
 shoes cost a tensun worth of food . 
 shoes were n't completely necessary . 
 you could walk quite comfortably on rayan 's firm , sandy ground without harming your feet much . 
 of course , leyna scowled at the thought , except when people trod on them . 
 on purpose . 
 she grabbed her cloak and paused stiffly . 
 beneath the rough material sat her kura harp ; the only instrument she owned . 
 the polished wood had faded long back and the indentation of the name she gave it was filled with dust . 
 it bore four strings when there should have been six as it was missing two pegs . 
 she could have replaced them herself , but she had stopped playing a long time back . 
 leyna could n't recall the last time there was music in the house . 
 she doubted it would play well anymore even if it were restrung . 
 it had been everything to her once . 
 she threw a thin blanket over it and pulled the door open . 
 fiddling with her satchel to make it comfortable , leyna pulled her door closed as she headed to the front door . 
 her fingers curled around the handle , squeezed and turned it - ` look at you , staying out at all hours . ' 
 leyna froze , silently cursing herself , and turned to face maranda . 
 a goblet waved precariously from her mother 's hand and she lay , half-drunk , on the chair . 
 she stared at her daughter with disdainful eyes . 
 ` just a lazy , dirty little animal . 
 does n't cook or clean . ' 
 leyna turned sharply back to the front door , opened it desperately . 
 ` expects me to pay for everything in her life - ' maranda swigged the dregs in the goblet . 
 ` i 've paid , i 'll tell you that . ' 
 leyna slammed the door . 
 she heard a thud as the goblet hit the back ; a clatter as it met the floor . 
 with an overwhelming wave of self-pity , leyna dropped her gaze and sped off . 
 on occasion she 'd have to stop by the pharmacy just ahead on the left . 
 she liked the pharmacist , he was kind to her . 
 this sun she headed straight towards the central quarter , keeping to the back streets before she reached the centre of the village . 
 rayan had at its centre a great circle of arches - within which the citizens ' hall had been built - that had a vast surrounding trade centre named architect square . 
 the apartments within the square were filled with builders , carpenters , weavers , shoemakers , forgers ; any and every trade required by a village and then some in rayan 's case . 
 she 'd always wondered what it was like inside that enormous building , but had never dared to pass its doors . 
 she sped through a dark tunnel in one of the corners of the square and emerged into the busy marketplace . 
 there were goods of all kinds on sale as always ; fruit and vegetables , craft stalls , clothes stalls , bakery and dairy , strange little trinkets and mock magical stalls . 
 voices from the traders rose up high , vying for attention and throwing banter into the crowds . 
 often , the people would remark it was the trade market , rather than the citizens ' hall , where people were truly united . 
 leyna hated it . 
 the scent of baked goods and pleasantries wafted through her senses and she had to force herself to ignore that rumbling in her stomach . 
 she avoided food at home as she could n't imagine anything worse than having to eat with her mother , but she felt so sick and so uncomfortable in the market , so afraid of the looks and jeers she 'd get if she even attempted to purchase one of those sweet pastries , that she sped by . 
 wandering round the trinkets she finally stopped at the fruit and vegetable stall near the edge of the crowds . 
 she barely made eye-contact with the grocer ; his penetrated her mind though . 
 she knew he glared at her , and that he was aware he made her uncomfortable , yet he continued with full intent . 
 he handed her some pre-packed goods as she kept an order and she handed over a small package from her satchel and left . 
 it was the usual way , this kind of trade . 
 leyna did n't have anything she saw as a real skill to offer , but the grocer had a young son and leyna had , over the past tane , been creating little toy warriors for him in exchange for his goods . 
 nobody else knew where he 'd got the little toys and she knew , if they had , the agreement would stop . 
 it seemed to work and neither had had to pass conversation since the deal . 
 both got what they wanted , which was amiable for all . 
 a clunk of a table being fixed together nearby caught leyna 's attention as she left the grocer . 
 her eyes met murray 's as he set up the carpentry stand and he smiled at her , as he did everyone else . 
 why was he smiling at her ? 
 what did he want ? 
 with too much suspicion she lowered her head and glided by , holding her fruit package to her chest tightly . 
 murray 's beam shrank , his brow furrowing in thought at this sad-looking girl who never spoke to anyone . 
 once upon a time he was n't so comfortable in company , either . 
 leyna crashed past adri as the warrior approached murray 's stall and he almost yelled at her expecting an apology , but he thought twice as she had an array of raspberries blown at her from a group of loose children . 
 ` hey , enough , ' adri barked , and sent them rushing in the opposite direction , laughing . 
 ` hey , ' murray called . 
 ` murray , how 're you doing ? ' 
 his brother enquired with a quick greeting nod . 
 ` not terribly , ' murray said , and with a raised brow . 
 ` replaced patrolling with shopping , have we ? ' 
 ` i have to go to errin to get some cream for cora . ' 
 ` oh really ... ? ' 
 murray asked , dirt lining his tone . 
 ` it 's for her aching so you can quit that talk right now . 
 supposed to pick up some tonic or something too . ' 
 ` true love . 
 do you get to massage it into her skin ? ' 
 ` maybe , ' adri replied , a rare glint in his eye . 
 ` see you later . ' 
 as adri left , murray ran his eyes over the marketplace . 
 he caught sight of leyna heading out of the square through one of the four corner tunnels . 
 something within him was greatly intrigued by this mysterious girl that he 'd seen but rarely over the tanes . 
 leyna sped under the tunnel , disappearing from murray 's view so he could n't see her rushing a little way up the street to the library , shooting through the doors and leaning with an exalted breath against the cool walls . 
 adri exited through the opposite tunnel , towards the pharmacy . 
 as he walked past the central vensana a group of young women crossed his path to enter , the young brunette of the four unashamedly flirting at him with her eyes . 
 adri 's expression remained stern as he passed , but he turned back to her briefly , watching as she disappeared into the vensana , telling her silently he knew her thoughts . 
 with a slight hitch of his lips adri turned back to his intended encounter , the pharmacy ahead . 
 just as he reached the gated garden he was distracted . 
 along the street he saw maranda move with haste out of her building with a scowl across her face . 
 the man she had been with the night before appeared moments later and caught her up , grabbed her arm and pulled her to face him . 
 instinctively adri started towards them - ` adri ! ' 
 a voice called behind him . 
 it was telimo ; one of the few of their age to have been born in rayan . 
 he was a good warrior , a little too nice in adri 's opinion , but it was how he handled the fight that counted and he did it with prestige . 
 ` hey , telimo , ' adri called back as the young warrior jogged past . 
 ` it 's you and me on patrol , ' telimo called back . 
 ` i would n't ask for anyone else , ' adri assured him . 
 ` hey , what time is the meeting with imarko ? ' 
 ` low-six , ' telimo called with a salute , disappearing into the square . 
 by the time adri turned back to maranda , she and her man were gone . 
 maranda was a whore but adri was not about to accept violence towards the people in his village . 
 he pushed the door to the pharmacy open . 
 errin was an odd man . 
 but one of those odd men who was truly brilliant and subtly inspiring . 
 he was viewed as an elder citizen - being one of the co-founders of rayan - but he had such vibrancy to his persona that one could be forgiven for mistaking him for a haggard looking youth . 
 reaching up onto a shelf in his meticulously organised pharmacy , errin moved an assortment of bottles around , sheer concentration in his expression , but a wistful kind of energy . 
 taking a step back he placed his hand on his chin , humming to himself , as adri knocked on the half-open door . 
 ` errin ? ' 
 adri asked quietly . 
 errin looked quizzically at the shelves of medicine whilst acknowledging adri 's presence . 
 ` tonic and cream for cora . 
 yes , i have them ready . 
 do you think they should be arranged in amounts or by name ? 
 or by the old language names ? ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 adri asked , stepping into the room . 
 errin turned to look directly at him . 
 ` just name then . 
 or maybe colour . ' 
 he picked up a small box with the words ` warrior jaenne ' on the small label . 
 ` cream must be massaged on to the affected areas . 
 tonic must be consumed before sleeping and upon waking . ' 
 adri took the box , committing the instructions to memory . 
 ` right . ' 
 ` how is the new position ? ' 
 errin enquired , whilst signing off something in his large book with a superior cormaran-made pen . 
 ` yeah , it 's good , ' adri replied , not particularly convincingly . 
 errin placed his pen down carefully , leaning casually against his large desk full of all manner of jars and vials , all in neat little rows . 
 ` i thought they would have given you a leading position , not a purely vocal one . ' 
 adri turned away and paced a little , eyeing the myriad items on the neat shelves . 
 ` if i ca n't control my temper how can i control a group of warriors with tempers ? 
 becoming representative on behalf of the home warriors is an excellent position and should help me to filter strains of anger , ' he said blandly . 
 ` that 's what imarko told me . ' 
 errin eyed the young man with a wise evaluation . 
 ` hmmm . 
 it should n't be long i suppose . ' 
 ` i hope you 're right . ' 
 ` i generally am , ' he quipped . 
 ` how is your brother ? ' 
 adri perked up . 
 ` about ready to start up his own business . ' 
 ` he has come a long way . ' 
 ` he has , ' adri said , with a viable truth in his tone . 
 ` much further than me . ' 
 ` you 're young . 
 you 'll get the chance to prove yourself worthy of leadership if you want it . ' 
 adri was never one to be easily convinced of anything . 
 he flashed a short smile to the physician . 
 ` thanks for this , errin . ' 
 but as he walked to the door , the creeping feeling permanently at the back of his mind forced to the surface . 
 ` hey , you really think anyone would let me train as a leader ? ' 
 ` leaders are n't trained , my boy , ' errin replied as sternly as was possible for him . 
 ` they are born . 
 it is only opportunity they wait for . 
 fai ana , adri . ' 
 adri smiled softly . 
 despite the exterior his respect for this man would n't allow him to dismiss it . 
 adri left ; errin turned back to his shelves . 
 ` perhaps size . ' 
 ten matara the soft glow of the imprisoning orb still illuminated the cold , empty room . 
 as the door opened , yesmi 's eyes flickered in its direction . 
 it was keno . 
 he closed the door and stalked slowly towards the witch . 
 his hands twitched nervously , his eyes met and just as quickly avoided her gaze . 
 she examined him closely . 
 she has known keno since their youth , she knew every expression , every disposition , every feeling of his . 
 this was different . 
 ` not talking ? ' 
 she asked softly . 
 ` i want to , ' he replied , stepping a little closer to the orb . 
 ` but every time i speak it makes it harder . ' 
 ` i know what you mean . ' 
 keno edged even closer to the energy field , eyeing it with caution , with daring . 
 the outline of it was again barely visible , hidden by the soft light that just lingered there , pulsing with warning . 
 ` i so badly want to touch you . ' 
 he reached a hand forward . 
 ` do n't . 
 it could kill you . ' 
 there was unblemished longing in the gazes . 
 it had been two tanes since their skin had touched , since their lips had met . 
 ` it 's got worse . 
 people are dying in the streets . 
 our last trade route collapsed a few suns ago . 
 not that it matters , we have nothing left to trade . ' 
 ` and the rest of the ministers ? 
 who is left ? ' 
 ` mortha , kellir , varne , they 'll be gone once premo leaves to destroy the rest of the country . 
 i do n't even know where they are in the city at the moment . 
 dommaris is still here , as ever . ' 
 ` as ever , ' she smiled . 
 ` thousands more of our people have run , the rest have been forced into poverty . 
 i think we 're at the end . ' 
 ` how is your father ? ' 
 she diverted quickly , feeling that dip in his hope , seeing the darkness of his fear . 
 ` no better . 
 in fact , worse . 
 i think he 's going - ' ` i will get out of here , ' she said , stepping forward . 
 if she could have shaken that lingering , fateful hopelessness out of him that moment she would have . 
 ` when i do i 'll help him . ' 
 ` i know , ' he whispered , hoping it was possible , but not believing it . 
 her voice softened . 
 ` keno . 
 you wo n't lose hope . ' 
 there was a light flicker at the corner of his mouth . 
 they knew each other too well . 
 ` have i ever ? ' 
 he ran his eyes over her , having almost forgotten where they stood . 
 ` how do you feel ? ' 
 ` the necromancer 's forces are strong . 
 i 'm coping . 
 he 's trying to strengthen his wall . ' 
 ` is there still no way to break free ? ' 
 ` i 'm using nearly all my power to stop his barrier consuming me . 
 i ca n't break it as long as he 's got control . 
 he 's powerful . 
 too powerful for his level . ' 
 her mind drifted , to a time before she was trapped in there , when a strange feeling had overcome her , burdening her mind for many suns before his appearance . 
 ` i think i felt it even before he arrived , ' she whispered . 
 ` he caught you off guard . 
 it was because of my father , when you were nursing him - ' ` it was my fault . 
 i let the city down . 
 but i will get out . 
 i must get out . 
 keno , that usurper must not be allowed to murder prenitia . ' 
 ` i will find a way , ' he whispered . 
 ` be careful . ' 
 ` how touching , ' a smooth , vibrant voice rang out from the doorway . 
 the accent hailed from the far north , far past the borders of prenitia . 
 it was of ffremettr . 
 in unison keno and yesmi faced a heavily overdressed figure standing , staring at them . 
 lorosa . 
 her jailer . 
 they were the same level of magic , she and him , at the fourth - deira - and there was no reason why his powers should be any more potent than her own . 
 but he had something else . 
 a secret he was guarding closely that had extended his influence in necromancy . 
 every coming sun and every waking moon she had racked her brain as to what it could be . 
 how could he have trapped her like this , how could the goddess let this happen ? 
 she cursed herself sharply . 
 she would not start to blame anatersa for her troubles . 
 she knew better than that . 
 ` i was on the verge of letting you free just to finish that perfect little scene , ' he crooned , stepping into the doorway . 
 ` it 's so very beautiful how people can stay loyal even in the sincerity of their own demise . ' 
 ` your power will soon be gone . 
 when premo leaves , you 'll have nothing here , ' keno replied defiant . 
 lorosa 's eyebrows rose in mocking surprise . 
 ` have n't you been told ? 
 i 'm to rule in premo 's place when he 's out of the city . ' 
 yesmi snarled . 
 ` that 's defiance to the laws of magic . 
 the laws of the gods . 
 you can not rule . ' 
 and people like you are the reason why . 
 ` but the gods are n't here , ' he laughed . 
 ` you kneel in front of that shrine to anatersa , but does she answer ? 
 has she ever ? 
 in vain you try , but we are alone . 
 those gods have n't cared for this world for thousands of tanes , why would they start now ? ' 
 he sneered venomously . 
 ` lucky me . ' 
 lorosa began to stroll around the orb , keno and yesmi 's eyes not leaving him for an instant . 
 ` and you 're a braver boy than i , minister keno . 
 the conquering ceremony is taking place right now . 
 i 'm sure your king expects you there . ' 
 ` he 's no such thing , ' keno mumbled . 
 lorosa stopped , ignoring the young man , and stared into his glowing prison at his prize . 
 ` i think i can keep your little lady company . ' 
 keno lunged forward in anger , lorosa 's hands instantly burning green in defence , his eyes cold . 
 ` keno , ' yesmi said gently in warning . 
 ` he ca n't touch me unless he drops his guard . 
 and this will end if he does . 
 go . ' 
 she looked him in the eyes with promise . 
 ` we 'll speak soon . ' 
 with absolute reluctance keno obeyed , keeping his focus on the necromancer until he was out of the door . 
 lorosa 's stare had remained on yesmi for the entire time . 
 then they darkened further . 
 yesmi contorted in pain , her arms curled around her body , willing it to stay together , and she dropped to her knees . 
 her lungs struggled helplessly to gasp for breath , forcing her mouth wide and desperate . 
 it hurt so much ; his vile , smoky power creeping under skin , scratching her insides . 
 ` i do n't need to touch you , witch , for you to succumb to me . 
 or to kill you . ' 
 a great breath was allowed to fill her chest as she lay there . 
 lorosa left without remorse , as yesmi fought back tears on the cold stone floor . 
 suffocating the palace approach , premo 's army boomed in chant . 
 the voices of these magnificent warriors cascaded into the air , high above the massive mataran walls . 
 on the high , wide palace steps premo stood , absorbing the pre-conquering glory in a showy outfit and shiny crown . 
 many a time had he stood here , ready to battle against yet another band of strangers , to wave the victory flag over them as his conquest . 
 the truth - and premo knew this full well - was that the villages and settlements he had waged against had had no chance against the might of matara . 
 they were never conquered . 
 they were eradicated . 
 the city lay in ruins because premo had given all time , effort and luxuries to that army . 
 famine and ruin caused by once loyal soldiers willing to desert their allegiance to their true , but absent , monarch and ride into glory with ` king ' premo . 
 for what ? 
 keno shuffled from the palace doors silently and quickly joined dommaris , who stood beside the three other remaining minsters , just as premo stepped forward to give his riling speech . 
 the army silenced . 
 ` warriors of matara . 
 this is the last time i will leave here with you as merely the king of a city . 
 we shall return with me as ruler of a kingdom , and with you the greatest army prenitia has ever seen . ' 
 tell that to the kiserans , keno thought , and snorted to himself so loudly dommaris turned to him in horror . 
 luck would have it the army roared in unison at that very moment , smothering his outburst , no doubt saving his life . 
 of course , dommaris felt the same , but he would never show it so carelessly . 
 ` prenitia is sick . 
 it is tainted , with those unwilling and ungrateful people who still refuse to kneel when they see their true leader come . 
 so we must cleanse it . 
 enrich the earth with their blood for it to be reborn in alacaethe and returned to us , willing and submissive . ' 
 keno 's eyes skimmed the army . 
 a warrior met his gaze . 
 kurayne . 
 once loyal to the crown without question he now stood with premo as a master . 
 he was a traitor . 
 keno looked away . 
 ` you will benefit from gaining possessions beyond your wildest dreams and be part of the richest civilisation in the country . 
 you , for marching with me , will be unburdened in this life and rewarded in the next . ' 
 emerging from the palace during another cheer , lorosa prowled towards the king . 
 ` bow not to me now , unless the need fills you , but low when i become the most powerful ruler in prenitia ! ' 
 to an almighty wave of support premo held his hand high , accepting it . 
 he half-turned to lorosa with a radiating smile and low voice . 
 ` i expect the morale of this place to be nil when i return . 
 this city is my last stop , and i 'll bring the head of that traitor to be nailed on the gates . ' 
 premo marched down the steps triumphantly , mounting his horse . 
 without a glance back he led the mataran army from the city on another expedition of death . 
 barely bothering to watch his lord 's exit , lorosa slid past keno , tilting towards the minister and snaking words in his ear . 
 ` maybe you should have joined the army instead , minister keno . ' 
 lorosa strode towards to side steps of the palace and glided down them . 
 instantly keno turned on his heel and sped inside taking the usual route along the grand corridor , onto the lower quarters stairwell right to the bottom , and finally through the door at the end of the corridor . 
 as keno rushed in , yesmi shot up instantly from her meditative position as he , breathless , skidded to a halt before her . 
 ` if at any point lorosa loses an ounce of his grip on you , you must find him immediately . 
 ignore anything else that goes on , find him . ' 
 ` but i - ' ` trust me , yesmi . 
 please just trust me . 
 find him and take him out . ' 
 she moved closer to him , as far as she could , to try and work out what he was planning . 
 usually it was written all over his face . 
 ` what are you going to do ? ' 
 ` exactly , i do n't know . 
 but anything - anything to make him lose control . 
 premo wo n't be back before the mahrken cold . 
 it gives us some time . ' 
 ` i 'll be prepared . ' 
 he sent her a trusting smile then rushed out of the room . 
 moments later he sped back in , grasping the door frame , looking right at her . 
 ` i love you . ' 
 she smiled to herself as she watched him go again . 
 she knew . 
 eleven rayan as adri neared the door to imarko 's meeting room it seemed so quiet he thought he may have missed the whole thing . 
 when he entered the atmosphere was sharp and silent , none wanting to speak but all desperate to know the reason for the summoning . 
 adri nodded in greeting to the other warriors , all of whom were part of one quarter under their head , partreek . 
 he was stood in a corner in conversation with his deputy looking solemn and serious , a strange thing to see . 
 adri took a place beside telimo , crossing his arms as they all waited for the warrior head to appear . 
 ` have you heard anything ? ' 
 adri asked under his breath . 
 ` only that imarko received a letter from an eastern settlement this sun , ' telimo replied . 
 adri 's brow dropped as he looked sharply at his friend . 
 ` which settlement ? ' 
 telimo shrugged . 
 ` no idea , but it seems they 've up and left their territory and started to move north . ' 
 adri 's questions were stopped short as imarko entered the room . 
 he sat wearily on the edge of a desk in the corner , his middle-aged eyes sore with tiredness and his skin grey ; a telling sign he had n't been eating properly either . 
 imarko held up a small letter to the group . 
 ` this is from the kyell travellers , whose settlement was recently just outside of imino . 
 one of my sisters is part of the clan and she has told me of the news that beldahv has been sacked by the mataran army . ' 
 a wave of disbelief tore through the group . 
 beldahv , as it had been , was a settlement close to matara and it had always been believed they had shared both culture and protection with the city . 
 no doubt many of the citizens of matara had roots there , and as adri took in the news he felt a wave of sickness rise in his throat . 
 cora was from beldahv . 
 ` it was a while ago , it was n't possible before to send out messengers when they were so near to imino . 
 i know many of you have friends or relatives there and i can only give you my condolences . 
 there is no estimation of the death toll , but as we have heard before from the other attacks , there are rarely survivors . ' 
 imarko handed the letter to partreek who read it hungrily , his deputy leaning over to take it in . 
 ` we now must decide on a course of action . ' 
 ` a wall , ' adri put in immediately . 
 ` it 's the only chance any of us have . 
 that or we run now . ' 
 the other warriors mumbled agreement , but not too loudly , and none as confidently as the targuan . 
 ` i wish it were that simple , adri , but you know the decision is not ours to make . ' 
 imarko was an intelligent man with a tactful diplomacy , but adri did n't agree with him and found it hard to conceal his distaste . 
 ` all quarter heads will assign times for each warrior to assist checking and restocking , if necessary , the bunkers outside the village , and especially those connected to escape tunnels . ' 
 imarko collected a smattering of paper from his desk , readying himself for this monstrous task . 
 ` others will be assigned duties of housing visitation to be sure everyone is aware of the evacuation procedure . ' 
 adri scoffed a little too loudly at what he saw as a meagre reaction to a dominating threat . 
 imarko continued with little hesitation , but shot a look in his direction . 
 ` by the end of this sun all the warriors will be aware of the situation . 
 mayor shiel is already , however , the full explanation is not yet to be released to the village . 
 it will be announced shortly at the hall . ' 
 when imarko called the end of the meeting , warriors surrounded him with pressing questions and worries . 
 he advised them any they may have should be asked in private over the following suns . 
 the warriors began to pour from the room . 
 ` warrior kile , ' imarko called softly . 
 adri met imarko 's eyes ; it did n't take long for the room to clear , with hushed voices and sly glances at the impending stand-off . 
 when all had left imarko closed the door . 
 ` what 's troubling you , adri ? ' 
 adri would n't answer . 
 he brushed his hand through his hair , rubbed the back of his neck , anything to avoid having to form his objections into acceptable sentences to his superior . 
 imarko put a hand to his chin , patiently returning to his leaning spot on the desk , settling his pile of notes down . 
 the young warrior was running through it in his head , he could see that . 
 he was trying to fight his outbursts , to explain himself coherently . 
 adri fought uncomfortably with himself , but imarko 's experience of how to handle warriors had n't come from nothing . 
 let adri take control . 
 his tactics bloomed as adri turned to him in fully realised defence . 
 ` why has it come to this ? 
 why have n't we put up defences before now , knowing full well the country is being ravaged ? ' 
 adri paced hard , fists clenched and throwing out his hands wildly as he worded his thoughts . 
 ` checking bunkers , evacuation procedures , it 's all pointless , a waste , and a dangerous one but it just does n't seem to make a difference . 
 i do n't understand , i do n't know how other people do n't see it , how all these people here do n't see it . 
 if we 're attacked then this village wo n't exist anymore . 
 there 's no salvage from that . 
 we wo n't recover , ' his voice almost cracked . 
 ` we wo n't be here to . ' 
 adri gripped the edge of the beam at the stalled seating . 
 he was so irate he could n't bring himself to look at the empathetic face behind him . 
 his bluntness horrified him , but it was how he felt . 
 ` i made the right choice , adri . ' 
 ` in what ? ' 
 imarko moved almost silently towards the young man , resting a hand on his shoulder . 
 ` choosing you to represent us to the village . 
 knowing that you would be far too stubborn to give up on us . 
 your experience in your past is what will drive us in the right direction . ' 
 adri turned his head slowly to imarko and met his gentle eyes . 
 he remembered well what imarko had put on the line for him , spent a lot of time convincing people who did n't believe adri right for the job otherwise . 
 ` talk to cora . 
 i know full well she 's the only one you listen to when your passion gets the better of you . ' 
 ` that 's because i 'm afraid of her . ' 
 imarko smirked , drawing a half-smile from his comrade . 
 ` talk to her , let me know your ideas on raising the issue . 
 and do n't hesitate to come to me if you need to , alright ? ' 
 adri nodded , loosening his grip on the bar . 
 he could n't thank imarko ; he feared he would break down if he said another word . 
 instead he forced himself from the room . 
 as he jogged down the steps into the warriors ' courtyard , the cool air washed over his face , relaxing his tenseness but drowning his clarity . 
 adri headed for the archway between the apartment buildings , lost in his head with numerous , desperate pleas to make the masses see sense . 
 he trudged up the steps to the apartments on the other side and was about to march to his room , but instead he turned on his heel and strode along the noisy wood to the door at the end . 
 he knocked ferociously until it was pulled open . 
 adri let himself in , shutting the door swiftly and gripped her close . 
 he buried his face in cora 's shoulder and she held him tightly , worried . 
 ` adri , ' cora said quietly . 
 she drew back , cupping his face with her hands and peering deep into his eyes . 
 ` imarko told you ? ' 
 she asked in her soft beldahvian voice . 
 he nodded ; his throat too tight to speak . 
 cora led him to the bed , sitting beside him , resting her chin on his shoulder and rubbing the back of his neck softly . 
 her dark eyes twinkled in the harsh firelight . 
 though it was still high tane , cora felt the cold so much more recently , even in the burning sunshine . 
 ` there 's nothing to have been done , ' she whispered . 
 he felt her fingers trail down over his back , comforting , calming . 
 ` all those people . 
 your family . ' 
 ` aader is the next nearest city to beldahv , let 's hope they had the foresight to seek sanctuary there when they saw the army coming . ' 
 he looked incredulously at her , mouth agape . 
 ` what help would i be to break down about it , adri ? ' 
 she put in before he had a chance to question her calm . 
 ` i ca n't help them from here . 
 and i do n't know whether they 're alive or dead , so i should n't mourn . ' 
 ` then what are you meant to do ? ' 
 ` my duty . 
 rayan is my home . 
 these are my people . 
 it is their lives i should be immediately concerned about . ' 
 the conversation he and imarko had had flashed in his mind . 
 ` the villagers are being told soon , the next few suns . 
 maybe we should ask for the vote again . ' 
 ` which vote ? ' 
 but as soon as she spoke , she realised what he 'd meant . 
 ` defences . ' 
 ` if the people wo n't leave , which i know they wo n't , then all they are doing in denying it is leaving us vulnerable to a total slaughter . ' 
 ` i agree , adri , you know i do . 
 but being so far away from the major settlements , and the bloodshed within them , gives people here a feeling of invisibility . ' 
 ` more like invincibility . ' 
 ` regardless , the sacking of anywhere so far away may not be enough to convince them . ' 
 adri rested his head in his hands with a sigh . 
 ` i 'm just saying this so you are ready for the reaction . ' 
 it took him a moment , but he suddenly grasped her meaning . 
 ` we 're going to ask them ? ' 
 she smiled briefly . 
 ` but not me , i 'm not the right person to do it . ' 
 ` i 'll do it . 
 if we can do anything for beldahv it is to learn from what 's happened . ' 
 the overwhelming surge of gratitude that swept through adri made him feel if he had n't kissed her he would have cried . 
 a few small candles flickered in the room casting shadows over a small portion of books in what was actually a rather large library . 
 leyna wandered , eyeing them with purpose ; her candlelight shimmering over the immaculate collection . 
 without hesitation she pulled a book out and sat at a heavy , beautifully carved table . 
 she rested a small pouch attached to a long string carefully , and specifically , to her right . 
 after a short moment leyna took a breath . 
 every time was the same . 
 nose : the scent of the age-weary text tinted the air . 
 fingers : tingling under the touch of the delicate front cover . 
 eyes : the loving search for the right page . 
 ears : the crispness as she turned to it . 
 those books were as seedlings to her . 
 delicate , miraculous , but bursting with the joys of fulfilment , a small peek into something else out there in the world ; everything that could be . 
 she continued where she 'd left off the time before , and was soon lost in the mysterious , confusing , but eternally fascinating , words . 
 a door creaked somewhere within . 
 then soft padding footsteps and lamplight crept softly into the room . 
 it was sortare ; a gaunt but kindly man , verging well into later life and with a look within his eyes that denoted wise experience . 
 he carried a small pile of books , ready to re-shelve but he paused as his eyes fell on the human fixture at the table . 
 ` leyna , up so late again ? ' 
 sortare whispered gently . 
 his assistant , serra , was fast asleep in his room at the back and the last thing sortare wanted to do was wake him . 
 serra 's sun had consisted of re-shelving and re-organising fifty odd historic books that a scruffy band of youths had messed up the night before , not to mention the three new bookcases he had erected on his own . 
 sortare had wished he had more funds and more work to hire another assistant , and he always knew if he had , it would have been her . 
 leyna jumped a little in surprise , though this was a common meeting between them . 
 she smiled at the librarian , she felt safe in his company . 
 ` hello , sortare . ' 
 ` i think it must be the fourth time in two suns i 've seen you here . 
 what are you reading now ? ' 
 leyna gave a sigh and peered down at the pages . 
 ` about alacaethe . ' 
 ` goodness ! ' 
 sortare placed his small pile of books onto to large table . 
 ` from kiseran binding bread to the soul 's rest , quite a leap . 
 are you finding it useful ? ' 
 ` it 's difficult . ' 
 sortare took one of his books and walked directly to the shelf it belonged . 
 ` difficult how ? ' 
 he pushed the book into place . 
 leyna scrolled down the old pages , reading swiftly the parts that had caught her attention . 
 ` it says that the body is like a prison for the soul . 
 that it 's keeping it from doing everything it 's capable of . 
 that it 's the biggest curse we 're given when we 're born . ' 
 she paused , trying to keep her thought trail as her finger searched for the connection . 
 ` alacaethe , the soul 's rest , is the true place for us , but we are ripped from it and thrown into alacaemire , the soul 's reside , as a kind of punishment for our sins . ' 
 ` which book are you reading ? ' 
 he leaned slightly to read the title printed at the top of the page . 
 ` ah , the great meline of ffremettr . ' 
 ` who was he ? ' 
 ` an advocate of the gods , ' sortare explained . 
 ` distasteful to some , awed by others , but with a rich mind and a questioning nature . 
 meline had some very controversial ideas . 
 he was very interesting to talk to , although , he disappeared a good ten tanes ago and has n't been seen since . ' 
 sortare returned to the book he had shelved before and pulled it back off the shelf . 
 it was n't where it belonged his ruffled brow said . 
 ` you knew him ? ' 
 ` for a brief time , and for those moments i am thankful . ' 
 sortare wandered away , examining a different shelf . 
 he spotted something else he was looking for and pulled it carefully from its shelf . 
 ` this book is one of my favourites . ' 
 ` it 's older , ' she said hungrily as sortare place it before her . 
 ` the older books are generally a better read . ' 
 for a few moments leyna just admired the simple cover , gazing over the small symbol on the front . 
 ` do you believe in alacaethe ? ' 
 ` as with most people , i believe whatever suits the moment when it comes to gods . ' 
 he shot a quick smile she understood as jest . 
 ` have you read anything that covers the place in between life and death ? 
 corraycan ? ' 
 those young eyes widened with untapped interest . 
 ` no . ' 
 sortare pointed to the book . 
 ` everything you need to know is in there . 
 it tells us more of anatersa , and how she is the one who greets the soul before it finishes its journey to alacaethe . 
 but it presents the gods in a less favourable light . 
 even she is not highly thought of in it , but its philosophy is more to my taste . 
 ah ! ' 
 finally he remembered where that book went . 
 eagerly leyna turned the cover , ever more carefully than the one before . 
 ` this will take me suns . ' 
 sortare continued shelving his books , concern clouding his face . 
 ` wo n't your mother be worried you 're not home ? ' 
 ` she wo n't notice . ' 
 her voice tinged with sadness although she was well used to it . 
 ` i 'm sure she will . ' 
 ` not while he 's there , ' she rebuked , more confidently . 
 ` ah , that strange looking one , bit stumpy , odd hair ? ' 
 leyna giggled ; a sound that brightened both the room and their faces . 
 ` yes , him . 
 i do n't think he lives here . ' 
 ` no , he 's visiting family i believe . 
 can barely remember where these books go , but i can remember every face in this village . ' 
 he stared blankly around the room trying to determine the final book 's correct home . 
 ` he has n't visited them a lot since he met her . ' 
 ` you understand it is n't within my power , or rights , to order your mother to cease her activities ? ' 
 leyna reluctantly nodded . 
 she rose and took the book from sortare 's hand , glancing at the spine . 
 ` to outlaw any one person from their choice of lifestyle , if it harms no-one , would be an act against all i intended this village to stand for . ' 
 leyna trod directly to a shelf and slid the book away , facing away from the old man . 
 ` i know . 
 but , why me ? ' 
 goddess , she wished the bookcase would swallow her whole and let her be done with this world . 
 his voice took a softer tone , fatherly , with an understanding that she had never gained from another person in her life . 
 ` the experiences you had were unfortunate . 
 children can be especially cruel . 
 but , in all honesty , leyna , you have grown into a very intelligent young woman . 
 an asset to this village . ' 
 ` i just feel sometimes like ... ' she turned to face him , desperation on her face , her fingers balling into fists as she fought for the right words . 
 ` like it is n't enough ? 
 i had the same feeling . 
 forty tanes ago i was so ready to pack up and leave my old city i would have lived as a hermit . 
 but i waited . ' 
 he gazed at a panel on the wall . 
 the writing read ` creators of rayan ' and a collection of names was carved underneath . 
 ` these people , all with different skills and abilities , some who just wanted to build something new , spent the last thirty tanes making rayan what it is . 
 i love this village , leyna . 
 but that does not mean you have to . 
 if you feel the need one sun to leave , to make your own mark in your world , you will . 
 but whilst you 're here , myself and the people who built rayan will try and make it as good as possible for you to live in . 
 but you have to give a little too . ' 
 she knew this . 
 but she had convinced herself a long time ago that rayan would be no worse off were she not in it . 
 ` but what can i give ? 
 i have no skills , no real knowledge , no experience in anything . ' 
 her speech dropped almost inaudibly . 
 ` no future . ' 
 ` nonsense ! ' 
 sortare yelped . 
 ` no knowledge ? ' 
 he picked up her little pouch from the table . 
 ` no skills ? 
 no , no , no , this wo n't do . ' 
 he rubbed his chin with a squint in his eye . 
 after a moment he shook his finger at her . 
 ` i 'd like to introduce you to someone . 
 would you meet me at the arches at high sun ? ' 
 leyna was far too confused to deny him . 
 ` alright . ' 
 ` bring some of your work with you , a little bit of everything . 
 now , this old man does n't have the capacity for work that your young self does , so i 'll be saying fai ana . ' 
 he handed her pouch back and as he padded from the room she heard him whisper back thanking her for putting the book back in its place . 
 ` fai ana . ' 
 for a few spans she merely sat in silence . 
 then , she stared at the pouch . 
 did sortare really think that what lay inside would give her a future ? 
 she picked it up and opened it . 
 inside she kept a small folded knife and a little intricate , humbly spectacular carved warrior . 
 twelve matara in the glow of hansheca within the shadow of the palace , lorosa looked like a ghost . 
 he slipped silently beneath the arch into the citizens ' quarter and wove in and out of the dark but eerily noisy houses . 
 he ignored the wails . 
 he ignored the people carrying bodies from houses to be buried away from the city . 
 he remained ignorant to the old woman who sat in the same place she had when keno passed by . 
 but he took the same route as keno had and headed to a door right round the corner . 
 he raised his hand in a fist and knocked so gently that it barely made a noise . 
 but inside , it was heard . 
 as the door was opened , and yuna 's eyes met lorosa 's , a sinister smile rose on his face . 
 ` thank you for coming , necromancer lorosa . ' 
 she moved to the side to let him in . 
 lorosa strode past yuna without another word , his knowledge of the layout far too familiar . 
 ` would you like - ? ' 
 yuna began , but was cut off with a wave of the magician 's hand . 
 she rubbed her hands together and sat on the chair patiently . 
 lorosa entered the bedroom without delay and closed the door , moving to the seat beside the bed . 
 taelin was sleeping , his breath shallow within his skeletal chest . 
 the necromancer waved his hand over the lit candle on the cabinet and it began to burn a bright , sickening green . 
 lorosa lifted taelin 's hand , turning the palm to face upwards and resting it on the bed . 
 he touched his fingertips lightly against the dying man 's and closed his eyes . 
 on his breath was a whisper of some foreign phrases , the old language of the north alien in prenitia , and the flame rose higher in the room , shrouding the two in the sharp green light . 
 ` necromancer , ' a voice croaked . 
 lorosa 's eyes flicked open and he looked straight into taelin 's . 
 the man was still lying back on the bed , but his eyes were wide open and his expression unfaltering . 
 ` my lord , ' lorosa said in an uncommonly soft voice . 
 ` what news ? ' 
 taelin demanded , his voice eerie and distant from his body . 
 ` the king has now left and i am charged with the city . ' 
 lorosa 's fingers tingled with green light . 
 ` and the witch ? ' 
 came the sneer back . 
 lorosa smiled . 
 ` she is still incapacitated . ' 
 ` has she given an indication of her knowledge yet ? ' 
 lorosa shook his head with a glint of respect in his eye . 
 ` she is painfully resilient . ' 
 ` then you must increase your measures . 
 go deeper , ' taelin snarled . 
 moments later the dying man had laid his head back against the pillow and closed his eyes . 
 lorosa remained at his side until a green stream of light began to flow from taelin 's hand into lorosa 's . 
 the necromancer steadied his breath and allowed the flood of magic into his body , pushing him into an ecstasy unmatched by any other . 
 thirteen rayan covered in light and shadow the arches looked spectacular that high-sun . 
 traders came and went with their goods , as they always did , and citizens passed by as they inevitably would . 
 but the difference this sun was that leyna barely noticed them ; their thoughts on her , right now , did n't even register . 
 she had hardly slept the night before through anticipation of the unknown and through fear she may let sortare down completely , and finally the last person she could count on would desert her . 
 she was being ridiculous , and this sun mindful enough to cast away those looming thoughts . 
 but that shifting in her stomach reminded her that deep inside she almost always expected to fail . 
 leyna stood quietly and alone , just staring at the arches . 
 she tightened her grip around the box in her arms as she tilted her head observing from a different angle . 
 the small , carved warrior attached to the string of leather dangled freely . 
 ` quite striking are n't they ? ' 
 a voice announced . 
 the box fell from her hands with a yelp but quick as a flash murray caught it . 
 ` woah there ! 
 careful . ' 
 he handed the box back in slight amusement . 
 ` that 's pretty heavy , is n't it ? ' 
 leyna disappeared under a cloud of shyness . 
 ` i 'm sorry , i did n't mean to scare you . 
 but i get the same way when i look at them . 
 most people just walk on by . ' 
 leyna and murray stood side by side , eyes poring over the massive structure ahead . 
 ` you know what the arches were made for ? ' 
 he asked . 
 ` as an entrance to a unified settlement . 
 open doorways in every direction , for everyone , no matter where they were from . ' 
 her mind wandered , wondering how she could have been missed from this arrangement . 
 ` i always thought - ' her eyes met his ; a spark of discomfort leapt through her . 
 he was closer than she 'd realised . 
 ` ah , leyna , ' sortare bellowed as he strode towards them , greeting murray with a smile and a handshake . 
 ` i see you 've met murray already . ' 
 ` yeah , we go way back now , ' murray smirked . 
 seeing her confusion , sortare offered an explanation . 
 ` murray here was the carpenter 's apprentice for many tanes . 
 he 's been working as his assistant for a good while . 
 leon has just finished training another apprentice and he 's room for a new one . ' 
 she felt both of them looking at her for an extended time before she realised his meaning . 
 ` me ? ' 
 ` of course . 
 you are not unskilled in design or practice . 
 crafts can be taught to people with potential quite easily . ' 
 ` which is why it took me half my life , ' murray mused . 
 his tone amused her and she cast a quick glance at the lean young carpenter standing confidently , watching his employer approach . 
 she recognised him from the marketplace . 
 she had ignored his smile . 
 a rather short , flustered leon , who was nearing middle age , scuttled up . 
 leyna had of course seen this man plenty of times in architect square . 
 he was renowned for his work . 
 sortare reached out to shake his hand . 
 ` sortare . 
 it 's good to see you . 
 murray . 
 do you have work to do ? ' 
 murray nodded . 
 ` yes . ' 
 he stayed put . 
 then leon turned to the frail looking girl standing at his side . 
 ` i 'm assuming you 're leyna ? ' 
 ` yes - ' ` you 're reliable ? 
 smart ? 
 not clumsy are you ? 
 no place for clumsiness in my workshop . ' 
 ` i - uh - ' ` leyna 's not clumsy , not like me . 
 i knocked her box from her hands a moment ago . 
 quick as lightning she caught it . 
 amazing . ' 
 murray and leyna shared a look and she felt as if , maybe , this young man could become an ally . 
 of course , she decided moments later , that was absurd . 
 ` i should get back to work . 
 was nice to meet you , leyna . ' 
 murray strode away , turning back briefly to wave at her . 
 she had barely a few spans to appreciate it as duty called . 
 ` well , come on . 
 let 's take a look at your work , ' leon posed . 
 ` it wo n't disappoint you , leon , ' sortare interjected . 
 as he saw leyna attempt to object he cut her off . 
 ` we 'll speak soon , leyna . 
 fai ana . ' 
 and for such an old man , he was off like a shot . 
 by the time leyna had gathered herself leon had almost disappeared through the crowd and she had to run to catch him up . 
 leon pattered into his design room through a creaky door , with a nervous leyna following a good few paces behind , wondering briefly how a carpenter could let a squeaky door remain so . 
 he must be that busy . 
 leon began to fiddle about with bits and pieces for which leyna had no inkling of their use . 
 instead her eyes fell to the exquisite designs that adorned the walls . 
 it was no luck that this man had become the chief carpenter of the village , they were absolutely exceptional . 
 as her eyes followed the sharp , perfect geometry of the designs her thoughts once again fell upon sortare 's choice of apprentice . 
 how could she ever match this ? 
 ` right , ' leon chirped finally . 
 ` close the door . ' 
 she obeyed immediately , balancing her box in her hands as she tried to avoid slamming it . 
 ` let 's see what you 've got for me , ' leon beckoned . 
 leyna placed her box on the desk and without even thinking she picked out a random piece . 
 it was a bowl . 
 a beautiful , intricate and delicately carved bowl . 
 he stared at it from every angle , his fingers tracing the cut lines , the flowing patterns , that attention to detail . 
 leon placed it down in silence . 
 he hates it , she decided . 
 next , she handed him a chalice . 
 again , he examined it closely , blank-faced and silent , his head mildly shaking . 
 then some strangely carved animals were produced , and following , people - many , many people . 
 a good few of them were adorned in warrior clothing . 
 leon did n't say a word for the entire time leyna was exhibiting goods and partway into the examination leon began himself to pull objects out in quick succession . 
 more and more work came from the simple box , with gorgeous designs , of exceptional quality , and the carpenter said nothing . 
 finally , leon placed the last of leyna 's objects down , exhaling a short breath , his head shaking a good deal more . 
 he raised his eyes to the almost quivering girl in front of his desk . 
 ` where do you get your wood ? ' 
 ` market , ' she replied cautiously . 
 ` you acquired your own instruments ? ' 
 ` gradually . ' 
 was he trying to trick her ? 
 ` how long have you been doing this ? ' 
 he asked , examining that beautiful chalice she had carved before her fourteenth tane . 
 ` since before school . 
 i took an old knife from my mother . 
 i used to change her ornaments . 
 she 'd chastise me for it . ' 
 ` and you never thought about asking for an apprenticeship ? ' 
 ` never , ' she replied almost as a question . 
 leon sniffed , well aware he was sounding a little like he was , well , fawning . 
 ` well . 
 they 're quite good . 
 i think i 'll be able to find a place for you here . 
 the mornings are early , the nights are late and the work is hard . 
 we have plenty of room here ; you 'll be fed and paid , if you think you 're ready . ' 
 ` i 'll live here ? ' 
 she blurted , sounding ungrateful but meaning the precise opposite . 
 ` we ca n't have you gallivanting halfway across the village to and from work now can we ? 
 the room is fine , clean and dry . 
 is there going to be a problem ? ' 
 leyna stared back , eyes bloated . 
 it was an exceptional offer and she knew it . 
 ` no , ' she replied , half choked . 
 ` none . ' 
 then , with an inspired boost of confidence , ` when do i start ? ' 
 leon moved to his collection of designs on the wall . 
 he lifted a couple . 
 behind was hidden a large calendar divided by the tane and mahrken moon cycles . 
 he eyed it quickly . 
 ` two suns ? 
 can you move your things by then ? ' 
 ` yes . ' 
 she said , not entirely sure but too excited to care . 
 ` good . ' 
 he tapped the table , eyes once again falling over her work . 
 ` you can leave these with me . 
 i 'll show you around and then you can sort yourself out , whenever you 're ready . ' 
 leyna had just been handed a new life and a way to keep it on a plate . 
 she would never , ever forget that moment . 
 murray tucked into a generous plateful of lunch at valdi 's , the vensana in the trade square . 
 he always ate there when he was too distracted to cook for himself , and he always got extra portions due to the owner 's excessively flaunted attraction to his brother . 
 adri did n't help - or , he supposed , did help - he rarely ceased flirting with her . 
 murray had until low-two before he had to show leyna around the upper rooms of the carpenter 's apartments and he was already ahead on his work . 
 he sipped a small cup of venny , the softer , sweeter version of vensa , and his gaze caught sight of a young warrior entering from the door . 
 a stunning young woman , but one who knew her beauty stirred the nethers without even a croak from her mouth . 
 zia 's family had come from vano and murray had always wondered why they 'd moved to such a small habitat . 
 vano was one of the safest and most prosperous cities in the country . 
 he 'd wondered more than once if her over-confident attitude was one frequently bred in that city . 
 zia saw him she smiled and hurried over , kissing him briefly and shuffling onto the bench he sat on . 
 ` is it true ? ' 
 zia whispered . 
 ` what ? ' 
 murray asked , shoving a piece of bread into his mouth . 
 ` one of those ladies ' daughters is apprenticed to leon ! ' 
 murray held back a grimace . 
 there was a reason he had never considered a family with this girl . 
 he nodded in agreement , though , betraying nothing of his annoyance . 
 ` is she any good ? 
 i mean carpentry for someone like her ? ' 
 murray wiped his mouth on the yares-thread napkin . 
 ` i do n't know , she only just got the job . 
 but leon should know what he 's doing . ' 
 ` have you spoken to her ? ' 
 ` not really . ' 
 he pushed his plate away , suddenly no longer hungry . 
 ` what does adri think of you working with her ? ' 
 ` i have n't seen him . 
 excuse me . ' 
 zia stood , moving out of his way . 
 murray took the plate to the bar . 
 ` i think he 's going to go mad ! ' 
 murray began to boil under her presumption of his brother . 
 she had no idea of anything when it came to adri . 
 no one did . 
 no one but him . 
 ` can i take this , elene ? ' 
 murray asked the vensana mistress , who nodded and took the plate . 
 ` but you have to work in the apartments with her , murray , does n't it worry you ? ' 
 ` what would worry me ? ' 
 ` do n't you think she might , you know ... ' there was a sinister grin on her lips . 
 ` i bet she 's had plenty of practise ! ' 
 ` do n't be crass , zia . ' 
 elene handed murray a small pouch with the remainder of his lunch , shooting a snotty glance at zia then wandering off to serve another customer . 
 zia followed him closely as he left the vensana , hooking her arm in his . 
 he tried hard to ignore her . 
 ` why are you so upset about it ? ' 
 ` i 'm not . 
 i hardly know her . ' 
 grasping his hand she pulled him to a halt . 
 ` are you busy right now ? ' 
 the glint in her eye stirred his loins . 
 she was remarkably beautiful , and he hated himself for being so shallow when she stood before him . 
 ` no , ' he replied , enthused , despite himself . 
 her fingers ran lightly over his chest and holding his hand tightly she drew him off towards the carpenter 's apartments . 
 ` me either . ' 
 fourteen matara keno stopped dead as he climbed the ladder . 
 it creaked so loudly he was certain sometime soon , when he least expected , it would snap and send him falling to his death . 
 the creaking stopped , but with greater caution the minister climbed higher to reach a book from a difficult shelf . 
 as soon as he had it in his hands he rushed back down , as fast as his fear could allow , gladdened to find firm ground beneath . 
 he checked the inside of the book to be sure he had the right volume . 
 the words printed on the second page read ` potions as weaponry : volume one ' . 
 just as he 'd rested the book on one of the huge tables in the centre of the library a young girl rushed in - the daughter of one of the palace housekeepers - holding out a rolled letter with a large seal upon it . 
 ` minister keno , ' she said politely , bowing slightly . 
 ` this came for you . ' 
 ` thank you , dima , ' keno replied with a smile . 
 as the little girl rushed out , keno peered at the seal and without another moment 's hesitation he tore it open . 
 minister keno , after reviewing your previous letter i understand the concern for your city and its witch . 
 necromancers are particularly bewildering as there are fewer of them than those of the alternative disciplines of magic and as such their ways and means are sometimes oblivious to us . 
 however , in my experience , and from what i understand of advanced potions , i would recommend binding or stalling spells . 
 seek counsel from your witch as to the precise measures for such concoctions . 
 as for her entrapment , there is nothing i can do on this matter . 
 what i understand of necromancers would be precisely the same as she , and if the magic you describe is powerful enough to imprison her then in order for me to examine the strength and nature of it externally i would have to leave aader . 
 this , of course , is out of the question . 
 i am sorry i can not be of more help on these matters . 
 magus estarus , city aader . 
 it had always puzzled the young minister how magicians could be cold about their kin . 
 keno had initially made the decision to contact yesmi 's father the tane prior but had never seemed to be able to follow through on the decision . 
 this weighed greatly on the reasoning that he had not spoken to her about it and truly had no idea how she would react . 
 he knew sometimes in the past she contacted estarus through a mind connection , but it was a rare occurrence these suns . 
 keno had finally written to the magus , but such an apprehensive reply was unexpected . 
 keno leaned against a desk , re-reading the hopeless words . 
 when yesmi was twelve , and her mother had taken ill and died , estarus had been compelled to assist his daughter in her minority . 
 he had himself arranged for a witch to move into the palace and train her in her chosen discipline , and he had visited many times during those five tanes before her elevation to level deira . 
 that in itself was odd . 
 city magicians were grounded in their employment and doomed never to leave for good reason . 
 it was such a heavy burden , and a great cost should something have gone wrong , but estarus had gone ahead anyway . 
 keno had supposed that at such a tender age , estarus had no choice but to assist in the unfortunate development , and had astonishingly gained permission to check on her progress , but surely it must have been more than mere duty ? 
 yet , even after such an involvement , he could still write words such as this . 
 it was when yesmi had come of age that estarus ceased interest in her further progression . 
 now , rarely did they speak . 
 it was , perhaps , just because keno had been so close to his family that he found it so odd , such sudden abandonment . 
 perhaps , keno had mulled , disassociation saved them the pain of separation . 
 the minister wandered to the small flames of the fire and threw the letter in , it instantly darkening and turning to ashes . 
 he would get to work immediately , taking into account estarus ' advice on binding magic . 
 in the pit of his stomach he felt it was useless , but he ignored the fact in his head . 
 fifteen rayan it was just before low-two when leyna re-entered the carpenter 's apartments . 
 she turned the large key leon had given her in the lock , very briefly considering it would n't work and the whole thing was complex lie . 
 but it worked and she pushed the door open . 
 she could hear nothing but silence within . 
 as she approached the first door along the corridor , the workshop , she peered in . 
 there was no-one about . 
 leon had told her to go and knock murray 's door if he was n't around , so she made her way to the end of the corridor and turned right . 
 murray 's room was the first door on the right , but as she approached she heard voices within . 
 not wanting to disturb him she turned on her heel , but the thought of leon finding out she had denied his request , not even on her first sun , made her feel sicker than those cheeps she heard through the wood . 
 she turned back and quickly knocked . 
 the voices stopped and moments later murray opened the door . 
 leyna avoided his gaze and his short smile and told him in a wisp of a voice , ` leon told me to knock . ' 
 ` yeah , that 's fine , leyna , i was just coming for you . ' 
 zia snuck up behind him , eyeing the younger girl and kissing murray a little too gratuitously . 
 leyna tried not to look ; discomfort swept through her bones as did a grating feeling zia 's focus was burned onto her . 
 ` will i see you later ? ' 
 zia asked him . 
 ` if i have time , ' he replied nonchalantly . 
 zia swept past him , her dark eyes holding on leyna until she passed her . 
 murray waited for the noise of the door closing before tapping leyna 's arm and beckoning with a flick of his head . 
 she followed automatically . 
 ` so , upper rooms , is it ? ' 
 she nodded , giving him nothing else to go on . 
 ` what did leon show you earlier ? ' 
 she chewed her lip . 
 ` the workshop . 
 my bedroom . 
 his office . 
 the wood store . ' 
 ` he show you the kitchen ? ' 
 leyna shook her head . 
 they moved up one of the two staircases to the second floor . 
 ` typical . 
 he always eats out so he never thinks it 's important . 
 you cook yourself ? ' 
 ` not really . 
 my - ' she began , suddenly not prepared to mention her mother . 
 ` no . ' 
 murray led her into the first room at the top of the stairs ; her mouth dropped in awe . 
 there were no fewer than twenty-five glorious pieces of work sitting in there . 
 ` this is the first viewing room . ' 
 she glanced briefly around the room at first , noticing the large sliding doors that were used to haul out large pieces and lower them to the ground of the square . 
 there were ornate doors at either side of the room , and the door they had entered through was tucked in the corner . 
 ` the customer entrance is that side , those big doors . 
 we use the back way when we 're alone , front way when we 're bringing customers , alright ? ' 
 he was n't ignorant to her fascination . 
 she wandered over to a wooden light-stand with a hook for an oil lamp . 
 its design was exquisite . 
 a style she had never seen before , something unique and personal to the artist . 
 another item caught her eye . 
 it was a wooden cradle that hung from a beam , for rocking a baby . 
 kneeling down she pored over the little picture story carved into the side . 
 then her attention was arrested elsewhere . 
 on a stand behind a bookshelf sat a kura . 
 it was beautiful and simple . 
 a light wood contrasting perfectly with a darker soundboard ; the gut strings flowing perfectly between the arms and over the bridge , looping into the patterned tailpiece she presumed was drenel tusk . 
 she had never seen such wonderful work . 
 she tore herself away , longing in her wake . 
 when she stood up and faced murray she caught him was watching her . 
 had he been the whole time ? 
 she felt her fingers reach for a knot , any knot , in her hair . 
 he pushed the adjoining door open . 
 ` room two . ' 
 leyna , tentative to leave , ambled towards the door . 
 ` how long did all these take ? ' 
 she asked in a half-whisper , as if they were to incinerate where they stood if she spoke any louder . 
 ` varying chunks of the tane , ' he smiled . 
 she turned back for a final look at the room . 
 ` which ones are yours ? ' 
 he shuffled her into the next room . 
 ` uh , all of them . ' 
 she did n't have time to question him on it . 
 he had taken her into a room full of ornaments and decorative pieces . 
 vases and figurines and picture frames . 
 ` as far as i know , leon wants you to start on these kinds of things . 
 he said you have the knack for them . ' 
 he cocked his head a little and reached out to her instinctively . 
 she flinched back out of his reach with a short gasp . 
 there were moments of cold silence between them before murray flashed a smile and pointed at the little warrior pendant hanging round her neck . 
 ` looks like he 's right . ' 
 he cleared his throat . 
 ` you 've got different levels of work in here . 
 apprentice , graduate , leon 's and some of them 's mine but not a lot . 
 your things will be in here as soon as you start producing what leon asks for . ' 
 leyna nodded , wide-eyed , unable to take it all in , still tingling from where he almost touched her . 
 murray shook his head lightly . 
 ` this wo n't do . ' 
 he signalled for her to follow him , leading her along the first corridor they came to . 
 as they exited down the staircase at the far end murray pushed open a huge door at the bottom . 
 as they entered the kitchen , the smell of spices and herbs - things she 'd never inhaled anywhere else but market - spun in her senses . 
 ` sit , ' murray ordered . 
 obediently she chose a seat near the unlit fire . 
 murray threw some wood on it and sparked some flint at the base . 
 it was n't long before he had a small fire going which would eventually lead to a good cooking flame . 
 ` you look like you 're starving , what do you want ? ' 
 she did n't answer , just merely sitting there , mouth a little too wide , shocked at the offer . 
 ` not fussy , huh ? ' 
 murray tinkered about , pulling out a couple of pans and then headed for the pantry . 
 ` we have all kinds of grain and stuff , you want me to just mix them up ? ' 
 he returned to the kitchen , eyes wide with patience , and leyna 's mind flashed back to zia 's sneer . 
 ` were n't you ... ? ' 
 she started . 
 ` what ? ' 
 he asked as he popped open a clay pot in his hands . 
 ` busy later ? ' 
 she said quietly . 
 he smiled , shifting the subject quickly , giving her silent assurance that he was going nowhere . 
 ` you ever had the local dish of targu ? ' 
 she shook her head , intrigued . 
 ` then , leyna , you have n't lived . ' 
 sixteen matara yesmi kept a close eye on the hand as it brushed the orb ; its owner moving slowly around the whole barrier . 
 it was an odd sensation that gripped her , as if he were brushing her skin , making it crawl . 
 but something more : a power grown , enhanced to a point that none of their level would be able to control without help , and burgeoning in him completely out of place . 
 she knew of no magicians in prenitia with a level above deira , but lorosa was n't from prenitia . 
 no-one , not her father , not aenam of vano nor frebrigo of lisser really knew if there were high magicians in ffremettr . 
 it was unlikely , however , as no god had set foot in alacaemire for thousands of tanes ; it would have been felt by every person with even a limited magical ability . 
 there was no other way to rise to virtira , the fifth level . 
 then how ? 
 it was traditional for magicians to announce their employment in a city to all magicians in every known land . 
 not least because it deterred invasion , but because their services and knowledge could be offered to magicians of weaker experience - for a fee . 
 the empress of ffremettr may be spiteful and manipulative to other countries but the magicians in her land would not share her traits when it came to their calling . 
 they would abide by the rules of magic . 
 perhaps there was only one explanation . 
 lorosa was being assisted by the seck tora . 
 it was almost unbelievable . 
 what would a rogue band of magicians want with matara ? 
 and why would they be using lorosa , or premo for that matter , to destroy a country that they themselves could remove quicker , easier and more thoroughly ? 
 it did n't make sense . 
 why was he there ? 
 a bolt of pain shot through her head seeping into her limbs . 
 she felt lorosa pressing down on the barrier , injecting it with streams of power ; she felt as if she were in a glass ball , the green shards of light zipping to the edge and rebounding back , straight through her , searching for something . 
 memories began to shuffle in her mind . 
 her childhood , her parents , her training , keno . 
 she fought it . 
 he was digging to deep , to parts of her mind where no one had cause or permission to enter . 
 those memories , that knowledge , began to cloud over , to block themselves off ; to hide behind one , two , then five , then ten barriers in her mind . 
 it was working . 
 he did n't have the power to both imprison her body and break through her mind . 
 she let out a small spark from those barriers which burst from her skin and thundered into his orb . 
 it shuddered under the force , but did not breach . 
 lorosa sharply pulled his hand back , steaming , reddened , as yesmi moved slowly to the orb 's edge . 
 ` you ca n't store that which seeps in your veins , ' she said , a smile creeping on her face as she eyed his blistered palm . 
 ` you can only channel it . ' 
 ` why does that matter ? ' 
 lorosa waved his other hand over the injury . 
 it glittered green and in moments had been restored to health . 
 ` for my duties , it is enough that it is there . ' 
 he raised his healed palm to her . 
 ` whose duties are you fulfilling ? 
 do you have a patron , necromancer ? ' 
 he was n't going to tell her , of course he was n't . 
 but his ego swelled a little in his eyes as she asked , enjoying the importance that she now knew he held . 
 ` what are you looking for ? ' 
 yesmi whispered ; her face so close to the force field that little green flecks had started to leap from it towards her . 
 ` i assure you , when i have found it i shall take the greatest pleasure in revealing it all to you and your lover , first hand . ' 
 rubbing his palms together , he left the room . 
 lorosa had a patron . 
 and all patrons were gods . 
 it was impossible . 
 but it really was the only explanation . 
 seventeen rayan it was that time again , when rayan people gathered together to discuss the future , big or small , good or bad . 
 the bell rang twice in succession , before a rest , then twice again , repeating the same as citizens crammed into the rising tiers . 
 but the biggest difference this time was that leyna was setting foot for the first time within the confines of the citizens ' hall , and as an apprentice of the village carpenter no less ! 
 as she walked alongside murray villagers shoved past from the right and the left , paying her no mind and no manner . 
 no-one cared who she was here ; all they cared for was getting their voices heard . 
 it was absolute bliss . 
 leyna gawped at the mass pushing through the doors ; murray saw her fascination and remarked , ` you 've never been to the hall before ? ' 
 her eyes lowered at her apparent enjoyment . 
 ` i never felt like i belonged there . ' 
 murray smirked and grabbed her hand before she was swept away in the wave of citizenry . 
 she followed him obediently as he led her through the huge doors and upwards into the tiers where leon and his fene , sasha , the village master mason , were already sitting . 
 the noise inside was so deafening that leyna had to cover her ears for a few moments before she could even attempt to understand what murray saying to her . 
 a clunking from below ; the mayor had thrown his hammer against his podium for silence . 
 the noise from the tiers died down and leyna could safely listen again . 
 she stared downward at the mayor - a sudden feeling of vertigo sweeping through her - where he leaned over his podium , little hammer jammed between his fingers . 
 this was really happening . 
 she was witnessing the future being created . 
 ` order ! 
 order ! 
 session will commence . 
 this meeting has been called this sun on behalf of the home warriors . 
 our first speaker this evening will be imarko , home warrior head . ' 
 mayor shiel seated himself quickly ; he knew what was to follow , as did the warriors opposite him . 
 imarko stood quickly . 
 ` my two-quarter head , warrior jaenne , will be addressing the hall tonight . ' 
 imarko sat back down . 
 leyna watched a tall , composed woman stand in the front line of the warrior ranks . 
 she was armed as her comrades were , but bore an emblem for both rayan and her two-quarter leadership on her uniform . 
 ` citizens of rayan , ' cora began calmly , ` thank you for allowing me the time to address you . 
 i personally do not feel a need to address this hall , as the duties that the home warriors perform in village protection are my main responsibilities . 
 you yourselves have the power of change . 
 but the subject matter i am bringing to this meeting is to me of utmost importance . 
 the safety of this village and her citizens is my main priority and i am grateful to have a key role in protection . ' 
 the words flowed smoothly from her lips and leyna could barely draw her eyes away . 
 what it would be like to walk in her shoes for a sun - strong , fearless , feared . 
 a countenance unmatched by the leaders of the city and a determined but observant , understanding expression . 
 a warrior that would not go unnoticed in that provincial village . 
 ` we have been recipients of some distressing news these few suns , that i believe imperative is shared with you . ' 
 she waited for the echo of her voice to fade . 
 ` beldahv has been sacked by king premo of matara . ' 
 the atmosphere boiled over ; ifs , whats , whens , whys filled the hall . 
 shiel and imarko shared a look , the mayor silently offering to quell the disorder . 
 imarko shook his head and waited . 
 the noise dropped as the initial reaction petered out . 
 ` it is important now we are assured that we are completely capable of evacuation and have the necessary supplies for anyone forced to leave by whatever circumstances . 
 the home warriors are carrying out bunker and supply checks , but will soon be visiting your homes or communal halls to relay the evacuation procedures . ' 
 ` will we be attacked ? ' 
 a voice called from up in the tiers . 
 ` i do n't know , ' cora said honestly . 
 ` it is clear premo is attacking the villages rather than cities , and only at the moment in the east of the country . 
 we are not close to the raids , but we are also less protected than the other villages in our vicinity . ' 
 ` so they might pass over us , ' an old man called from the front . 
 ` i would never second guess the mataran army . ' 
 cora halted her speech momentarily , bracing herself silently for the reaction . 
 ` this is not the only reason for my standing here . ' 
 a couple of seats from her adri clenched his knuckles . 
 up in the tiers murray did the same . 
 he knew full well where this was going . 
 leyna gripped the seat and leaned forward . 
 ` i am here to call for an immediate movement on the construction of a stronger defence system for rayan . ' 
 and there it was . 
 a roar of disapproval from here and interwoven waves of approval from there . 
 cora remained externally unfazed by it . 
 leyna turned to murray . 
 ` it sounds good , ' she bellowed over the noise . 
 ` does n't it ? ' 
 he agreed , knowingly . 
 ` we will have order for the speaker ! ' 
 the mayor hammered away briskly again , until the noise had lowered to a respectful level . 
 murray glanced at leyna 's bright expression with an almost unreadable look . 
 she was entranced by the whole affair and her own self-doubt was ploughed away , the opportunity to be part of a bigger something ignited her inner self - at least for a while . 
 ` i understand the unpopularity of an enclosure for the village , ' cora continued as the noise waned . 
 ` the history of rayan and its meaning to every one of us is irreproachable , yet we are living in harsh times , and it is time now to be sure we can keep it secure . 
 ` a perimeter wall , watchtowers , perhaps even palisades , they are defences that do not have to be forever . 
 there have been whispers of war , of attack for almost half a tane , and other settlements and villages have been wiped from the map , entire generations removed from history . 
 preventative measures should be taken to be sure we are protecting rayan to the maximum . ' 
 people rose in the tiers , yelled with all their might at the tops of their voices . 
 leyna instinctively drew closer to murray , afraid the anger may seep to the nearest objectionable person in the room - herself . 
 ` that 's all you warriors think about , war ! ' 
 a voice from the tiers rang . 
 ` in fairness it 's what we are here for - ' ` she 'll be wanting to bring in coinage next . 
 then come the taxes ! ' 
 another echoed . 
 ` oh do n't be such idiots , ' a trill voice cut in . ' 
 are you going to get out your bread and caba muffins to defend us ? ' 
 a laugh rang in a pool of three-quarter dwellers . 
 ` then it 'll be the overpricing and the poverty ! ' 
 it was getting ridiculous . 
 ` rayan 's size and citizen count are perfect for trade-only to run efficiently , ' cora said firmly . 
 ` i do n't believe at this stage taxes should be implemented at all . 
 but rayan 's system of trade is not the issue tonight . 
 i hope it wo n't be . ' 
 ` it 's those witches ! ' 
 an old woman at the front croaked . 
 ` she wants to bring them here . ' 
 a man a few rows along agreed , ` they 'll take our privacy , start reading our minds . ' 
 a cackle from nearby . 
 ` nothing much to find it there , darling ! ' 
 ` at the moment just physical defences are needed here , that is all that is in question , ' cora reasoned , with little hope of understanding . 
 ` we will be wiped forever from this tiny piece of earth , do n't you understand ? ' 
 adri barked into the rigid air . 
 ` they will come and they will rip every single one of you apart , parents , children , sisters , brothers , your neighbours , your friends , you will all be gone . 
 there are people in this hall that came from beldahv , from yipko and kamara , indico - people are n't surviving these attacks , they 're being obliterated . ' 
 ` adri , ' cora said , reaching over to him , shifting from her seat to stop him . 
 ` it 'll be us next , or targu , and not one of those cities is going to raise a blade to defend us - ' ` stop , ' cora ordered , grasping his face tightly to shut him up . 
 ` enough , ' she said more softly , gripping him tightly as his body shuddered with anger . 
 the hall was already in mass panic and uproar , such disarray shiel was n't sure he could cease as his hammer went ignored . 
 ` do n't have faith in their own ! ' 
 a lone voice managed to squeal over the din . 
 it was a step too far . 
 ` i have absolute confidence in our warriors , ' cora bellowed bluntly . 
 ` i do not have confidence in our ability to defend ourselves and you fully against the army of a city if we are not given some kind of defence other than our flesh . 
 ideally , i would rather we had seasons , tanes to debate this but my instinct tells me we do not . 
 i would like to put it to vote , immediately . ' 
 ` order , order . 
 please seat yourselves . 
 we will vote , ' the mayor commanded . 
 he eyed the citizens broadly then glanced at cora . 
 ` for motion towards defence instalment , including a perimeter wall , watchtowers and a possible palisade , please stand . ' 
 cora 's eyes moved over the standing crowd and what looked like at least half of the citizenry , including all the warriors . 
 she felt adri 's hand grip hers so tightly she wondered if her circulation had quitted it . 
 leyna , murray , leon and sasha were all stood up , hidden in the dim light . 
 ` thank you . 
 sit , ' shiel said firmly . 
 ` for votes against defence instalment , please stand . ' 
 it was a tense time as they were counted . 
 shiel took a short breath as he finished , noting down the numbers . 
 they must have enough votes . 
 they must be given a chance . 
 ` the votes favour no defence instalment . ' 
 a collective gasp . 
 cora hid her contempt deeply behind her countenance . 
 adri , though , had to sit down . 
 his mind went blank , his legs numb . 
 he did n't trust himself to remain upright . 
 leyna glanced , completely puzzled at murray . 
 ` but , but that 's not right . 
 we need protection , do n't we ? ' 
 this time he did n't hear her . 
 his eyes bored into his brother , and it was only moments before he got up and shoved his way to the steps . 
 she watched him go , pounding down the steps , almost flying over the floor , then leaning over the barrier to the front tiers , gripping his brother 's arm tightly , exerting some kind of will over him . 
 adri pushed murray 's hand away , once , twice . 
 the third time he did n't bother . 
 cora knelt beside him , her words seemingly offering little comfort . 
 the two forcibly got adri to his feet , and took him from the hall . 
 eighteen lisser lisser was unlike anything premo had ever seen . 
 the great circular walls built on the dry , sandy earth rose high around the base of the enormous man-made hill within . 
 how long that structure had taken to rise as high and wide as it was fazed him , but it was magnificent , no doubt mimicking the torc mountain range in the distance . 
 the city itself was built from the base of the hill to the peak , the difference in tribal architecture barely noticeable from the distance . 
 the only thing that did suggest the division of the tribes within was one of the visible inner walls , riding up the hill like a sea creature of myth . 
 and there in the centre , like a blade thrust up from the depths of alacaethe by the gods , the central tower that housed the magician warned they were watching . 
 they were waiting . 
 no-one approached lisser lightly , even with invitation . 
 but when they did it was almost always to kisera . 
 of the three tribes that inhabited the city , kisera , laris and xinthi , the former was not only the largest but by far the most powerful . 
 the tribe consisted completely of warriors . 
 every member of kisera was taught the arts and expectations of warriorhood , army-bound or no , and it was said that none in the tribe left their homes unarmed . 
 to have the warlord leader of that tribe on your side was to be eternally defended . 
 that protection would only end with death . 
 and certainly not his . 
 under the darkening sky that embedded the silhouette of lisser in the background range , the mataran army arrived at the gates of kisera . 
 and arrogant as premo was he knew caution was key . 
 one wrong foot and his army would be no more . 
 he glanced upon the enormous walls and saw the archers leaning through the crenels , eyes sharp and ready for the kill . 
 he took a breath , his gaze dropping to the huge , but eerily beautiful arms of kisera adorning the gates . 
 of course ! 
 when he returned to matara he decided he would have the arms of the house of peri painted over and create his own , new banner to replace it . 
 one of premo 's warrior masters , kurayne , pounded on the footman 's door . 
 it was barely moments before the door opened . 
 the kiserans had no doubt already weighed up the dangers of this army , well before they 'd reached the threshold . 
 the footman 's door opened . 
 the warrior that stood beyond was barely into his sixteenth tane , but it would have been dangerous to underestimate anyone beyond . 
 ` follow me , king premo of matara , ' the youth said firmly . 
 ` you may bring ten of your entourage , no more . ' 
 premo followed the warrior , silently freeing kurayne to quickly call his guard . 
 premo and his ten warriors entered the city , passing through the first set of gates into a passage between the double perimeter walls that could barely take two side-by-side . 
 premo kept his expression neutral as they moved between the outer and inner walls . 
 he could still feel the archers looming above and felt eyes all over him as he moved onwards to the inner city gates and entered into the kiseran greeting yard . 
 like every other settlement , it was made of stone and wood . 
 there were huts raised off the ground , lined in perfection and ordered plainly throughout what he could see of the city . 
 it was terribly simplistic . 
 here and there were dotted little towers that belonged to the temples of anatersa built all over the city . 
 smoke rose within from , amongst other trades , the smiths forging weaponry and armour rumoured to be the best in prenitia . 
 premo expected somewhere in those dense streets was a training yard or three and some lavish tenement for the kettar . 
 but the main building that drew his attention was the magician 's apartment rising high in the air over the lisser mento , the meeting place for the three tribes . 
 the magician 's home was supported by strong metal beams and a slim staircase led up to it , spiralling around the exterior . 
 yesmi never had anything so grand . 
 she was missing out . 
 maybe lorosa would build himself an egotistical tenement in time . 
 as his eyes glanced over the mingling kiserans , premo recalled that no kiseran was ever to leave their hut unarmed , but saw that this was clearly fiction as a majority of the people before him were going about their business weapon-free . 
 they did , however , every one of them , bear a symbol of kisera somewhere on their person . 
 perhaps this should be transferred to matara when he returned , when he was finished weeding out the final buds of hope . 
 when the people knew who exactly they belonged to . 
 as premo and his small entourage wandered slowly in the greeting yard of kisera he became aware of a near statuesque warrior approaching . 
 he rose to a slightly taller height than the king , was a clear twenty tanes younger and a shoulder wider . 
 but unlike the arrogant smirk that premo bore , tavolo glanced upon the visitors plainly and saluted the king in the warrior way - thumping his fist to his chest then turning his inner forearm to his visitor . 
 tavolo recognised the emblem of matara as he recognised the emblems of every army in and out of the country . 
 ` lord matara , ' he began , in an accent alien to premo 's ears . 
 ` i am tavolo , advisor to the kettar . ' 
 tavolo eyed premo 's entourage briefly , examining for troublemakers , rogues and the like . 
 ` i wish to see your lord . ' 
 premo was n't prepared to bargain with just anyone here . 
 ` carrta is preoccupied at present . ' 
 with supreme condescension , premo replied , ` we can wait . ' 
 tavolo , certainly a seasoned and well-controlled warrior , let nothing of his opinion slip . 
 ` i will bring him as soon as he is ready . ' 
 without another word , premo inclined his head slightly . 
 that was the end of the conversation , and tavolo turned on his heel and left . 
 a rugged man , in old dirty clothes , knelt down and bent forwards with his hands tightly tied behind his back wept uncontrollably in the verging darkness . 
 his shoulders heaved and his lungs drew in air intermittently , eyes unable to look up into the full yard and those penetrating stares . 
 the swordsman loomed overhead , his grip tightening on the huge executioner 's sword . 
 his clothing was the full kiseran warrior livery ; a style that was not for fighting but for carrying out tribal business , emblazoned with a red emblem of kisera on the shirt . 
 this was carrta , kettar of the kiserans . 
 he held a subtlety of youth , but his harsh battle history was imprinted on his face . 
 and his eyes were cold . 
 the knelt man wailed loudly and raised his head for but an instant ; and an instant was enough for the kettar . 
 carrta swung - the cries stopped . 
 tavolo worked through the circled observers as voices remained low and mournful . 
 the execution of any citizen was not regarded a celebratory aspect of life here . 
 as the advisor whispered into carrta 's ear , the kettar 's frown , if it had n't been deep enough , surely turned then . 
 carrta held his sword out , blade to the earth , towards the head and body of the executed man for a brief moment and closed his eyes . 
 then he abruptly left the yard following tavolo 's lead . 
 premo saw the crowd ahead of him break apart before he saw the kettar emerge from it . 
 he was wiping blood from his sword with a cloth as he approached . 
 premo looked sidelong at kurayne without a word and stepped forward slightly as carrta reached him . 
 ` lord kisera . ' 
 the warriors around them whispered at the insult . 
 carrta waited for a few moments . 
 it was customary to address leaders by their correct title when meeting for the first time and thoroughly expected when a guest in their city . 
 kettar kisera retorted with a slur that went unnoticed by premo - a sure sign of this king 's baseness . 
 ` lord premo . ' 
 and then he waited again . 
 premo got the hint . 
 ` my hunting party and i rode out too far and seem to have left ourselves short of supplies . 
 i would appreciate any trade you would be willing to make . ' 
 carrta inspected his cleaning job on the sword whilst keeping an eye on the king . 
 ` you and i both know a war party does not unintentionally leave itself short . ' 
 ` war party ? 
 no , you 're mistaken , ' premo lied . 
 carrta 's focus met premo 's sharply . 
 ` you accuse a warrior tribe of not knowing a war party ? ' 
 this warlord would not be fooled . 
 ` do you believe us ignorant of the actions of other armies in prenitia ? ' 
 it was dangerous ground . 
 ` forgive me , lord kisera . 
 i meant no disrespect in the deception . 
 i only thought it best you were mostly unaware of our intentions . ' 
 carrta faced premo 's army , looking every one of them in the eye . 
 but his mind was apparently made up from the start . 
 he handed his executioner 's sword to tavolo and folded the bloody cloth in his hands . 
 ` we have no interests outside of lisser , ' he stated fluidly . 
 ` you are welcome to trade with us . 
 now , if that 's all ? ' 
 premo barely had time to form an answer before carrta excused himself from the meeting . 
 with a raised eyebrow the king watched the warlord move into the city , and could not resist but retort , ` thank you , ' albeit out of earshot . 
 he had got what he came for and his band of conquerors would be fed . 
 nineteen rayan leyna had tried to snatch some sleep after the meeting , determined to wake up extra early the next sun to start her chores . 
 she 'd begun to drift , but something was drawing her back . 
 she thought at first it was the heated arguments in the hall keeping her mind in a whir , but it was something more prominent . 
 attempting to ignore it only forced her focus stronger on it . 
 her heavy lids drew open . 
 that sound on the air . 
 soft , swishing , regular . 
 it was coming from within . 
 she left her room , wrapped tightly in her warmest night robe , and padded slowly along the corridor . 
 the sound she followed all the way to the first door in the apartments . 
 the workshop . 
 she stepped in , bleary-eyed and hugging herself . 
 murray continued his slice into the wood , then ceased , smiling softly at his weary co-worker . 
 ` did i wake you ? ' 
 she shook her head , moving to the chair , pulling her legs upon it and gazing at his new project . 
 he continued . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 she said softly . 
 ` it 's going to be a replacement door for a cabinet i made last tane . ' 
 ` what happened ? ' 
 ` ruined by one of the teachers ' little deets - uh , children . ' 
 she laughed . 
 ` what ? ' 
 he asked with a smile . 
 ` i 've read that word . 
 targuan . ' 
 he drew back again , eyeing her curiously . 
 ` you read a lot ? ' 
 ` i like the library . ' 
 she dipped into silence . 
 she did n't want to say more . 
 murray pushed the plane a few more strokes across the wood . 
 ` so , do you play the kura ? ' 
 leyna 's eyes widened , a little clueless . 
 ` you looked like you appreciated the one upstairs , you know , when you first came here . ' 
 of course , that kura . 
 ` i used to . ' 
 ` what changed ? ' 
 her mind flashed back to a goblet hurled from her mother 's hand . 
 she recalled the time maranda had launched her kura at the door , snapping two of the pegs . 
 it was lucky to have such solid construction or it would have been firewood . 
 murray recognised something of the look in her eye . 
 he changed the subject swiftly . 
 ` how did you like the meeting ? ' 
 the noise , the uproar , the incessant disagreements flooded back , stirring the calm brought on by murray 's work . 
 ` i do n't know . ' 
 ` i felt exactly the same . 
 you get used to it . 
 after a while you can just blank out the bits that are n't important and focus more on ones that are . ' 
 ` is n't it all important ? ' 
 he cocked his head . 
 ` hm , it depends who you are . 
 you 've got the subjective angles and the objective ones . ' 
 ` like this one . ' 
 murray running down the steps suddenly entered her thoughts . 
 ` was that your brother ? 
 with the home warriors ? ' 
 ` yeah , ' he replied , his concentration sinking . 
 ` was he alright ? ' 
 he stood straight , pretending to check his plane . 
 ` he , um ... he 's got a lot to think about . 
 all the time . ' 
 ` i do n't understand why people do n't want protection . 
 i do n't know what could be more important than that . ' 
 such a simple thought . 
 such a heavy burden . 
 murray said nothing more and quietly continued with his work . 
 leyna stayed , just watching . 
 cora pushed open the heavy door to her quarters and a wave of relief swept over her to see adri already inside , stoking her fire . 
 the air had become cooler now as tane had passed its high point and it would not be long before mahrken set in , plunging the country into the season of death and surely , for some places , famine . 
 she began to remove her armour , aching painfully , discomfort that had been getting worse over the course of the past tane . 
 that sun was a bad one . 
 unable to lift her exhausted arms high enough , or grasp the buckles tight enough , she gave up and resigned to sit on the bed , clutching at her stomach to assist her body safely down . 
 she breathed a heavy sigh , balancing a sick feeling and a light head . 
 adri did n't notice , his back was turned , expertly rising the flame for best effect . 
 ` i do n't know how you do it . 
 just stand there and accept it , ' he said as he turned to her . 
 ` it was a fair vote , ' she said without remorse or regret . 
 she barely ever dwelled on loss . 
 adri knelt before her and began automatically to remove her sword belt , slipping the buckle free in moments . 
 ` i know . 
 but you took it with grace , ' he said softly . 
 cora gazed over his expression , sharply illuminated by the fire , and felt saddened by the droop in his eyebrows , the clenching of his jaw , as he battled within himself to remain calm at what had passed . 
 she remembered a time before they had become lufenes , when that angry , intolerant look had been enigmatic and passionate . 
 when his strength had been his overprotection of his brother and a sweet , but often annoying , fawning over her . 
 she had seen him change so rapidly in recent times she questioned whether he could still muster that former endearing soul . 
 ` i 'm sorry for what happened . ' 
 her fingers drew softly through his hair . 
 ` you do n't need to be . 
 i would bet what you said changed the minds of more than a few , ' she said , smiling . 
 he grasped her hand and kissed it . 
 ` i just do n't know why so many people do n't seem to know what 's good for them . ' 
 ` i fear the villagers ' distrust of solid boundaries goes deeper than that , ' she said , as adri unhooked and slipped her breastplate from over her shoulders . 
 ` they have no confidence in the things that sometimes come with cities . 
 the things that a lot have escaped from . 
 coinage , taxes and magic . ' 
 adri 's eyes darkened in agreement . 
 ` i suppose they believe if rayan rose as a city , nothing good would come of it . 
 and looking at the state of other cities , perhaps they have a point . ' 
 ` but at least there 'd be a chance of survival , ' he sighed . 
 ` we all know what 's going to happen when we 're attacked . ' 
 adri reached over to the small bedside cabinet , taking the little pot of errin 's cream and dipping his fingers in . 
 he began to smooth his hands carefully over her skin in such a sensitive manner one could wonder it was the same angry young man who had spoken moments before . 
 ` all we can do is keep ourselves trained , maybe find more fighters , but ... ' they were both thinking it . 
 adri said it . 
 ` who wants to fight for an unprotected village ? ' 
 in the silence adri 's eyes wandered over the little twinkling pendant around cora 's neck . 
 she fidgeted slightly then inhaled sharply . 
 a pain ripped through her skull ; she pressed her palm firmly to it . 
 ` are you alright ? ' 
 the worry in his voice was almost heart-breaking . 
 she saw in his eyes that fear ; something he never let out the moment he stepped outside safe boundaries . 
 with a faint , forced smile she stroked his cheek softly . 
 ` yes . 
 i 'll be fine . 
 i 'm just exhausted . ' 
 ` is there anything i can get you ? ' 
 ` no , no , it 'll pass . ' 
 his fingers smoothed gently around her wrists , the cream wearing thin now , but instead of topping it up he coiled his hand over hers . 
 ` how long do you think we have ? ' 
 his eyes settled on her fingers . 
 ` not long enough . ' 
 their eyes met , neither wanting to imagine how short a time that could be . 
 twenty signs telena stood up and carried the book over to aznee . 
 she placed in on aznee 's desk and pointed to a symbol on the page . 
 ` what 's that ? ' 
 aznee lowered his book slightly looking down at the chronicle . 
 ` a symbol , telena . ' 
 ` whose is it ? ' 
 aznee placed his book down . 
 ` that 's kisera . ' 
 she was suddenly intrigued . 
 ` kisera . 
 ooh ! ' 
 aznee carefully turned the pages back to the title page , or what should have been if it bore any words . 
 instead it was the one full of symbols . 
 ` they 're all here . ' 
 telena searched for the symbol from the last page she 'd read . 
 ` so , there 's the kiseran one . 
 what 's that one ? ' 
 aznee stood up and moved round the desk before he got a crick in his neck . 
 ` well , ' he began , pointing at each symbol in the circular arrangement , ` that one is matara . 
 that one is for rayan - ' ` oh , because it looks like arches ! ' 
 she yelped in amazement . 
 aznee waited for calm . 
 ` yes . 
 and that one is ... what was it ? 
 cormaro . 
 a place not far from targu . ' 
 ` which one 's targu ? ' 
 he pointed to a symbol bearing the face of a man . 
 ` really ? ' 
 ` you 'll see later . ' 
 ` who drew them all ? 
 could it have been leyna ? 
 or murray , do you think it was one of them ? ' 
 aznee went back to his seat . 
 ` i do n't know . 
 if we did then the reason would be because they 'd marked them so . ' 
 ` but leyna was an artist . 
 and murray . 
 maybe it was someone they knew , ' she mused , drifting into an imaginary world of her own derision . 
 ` there are a lot of artists , lena . 
 but , you never know . ' 
 ` maybe one sun i 'll go and find out . ' 
 she picked up the book and returned to her seat . 
 ` you do that , ' aznee said , lacking all seriousness . 
 ` is there a map anywhere , aznee ? 
 of prenitia in these books ? ' 
 ` no . 
 there is n't actually . ' 
 ` hmm , ' she ended quietly . 
 a few moments later she drew a piece of skin and a pencil from her satchel and began to lightly outline the old country that she saw in her head . 
 aznee watched , a memory within his mind drawing sadness to his smile . 
 twenty-one matara keno 's eyelids dipped . 
 he was exhausted , angered and nauseated at the rising pile of death records before him . 
 the darkness beckoned , softly brushing his mind to freedom . 
 why did the records even matter anymore ? 
 these people were dead ; their souls were no longer here to warrant attention . 
 it was the living - or the dying - that should be the focus now . 
 what was he thinking ? 
 this disease was creeping into his mind . 
 a cruel hatred caused by the absent self-made king had begun to devour his heart like a vulture to a corpse . 
 he must keep it up . 
 he must not let himself lose his way . 
 there was too much to lose , too much to - ` stop worrying so much , you 'll get lines before your time , ' came the sweet voice behind him . 
 his hands fell to the table as another pair continued rubbing his temples gently . 
 he felt her lean in close to his ear , her warm breath wash over his neck . 
 he felt her smile and her hands rested on his shoulders . 
 he did n't want to open his eyes . 
 how could she be real , how could she be there ? 
 ` keno ? ' 
 he reached up and slid his hands over hers , grasping tightly as he yearned to look at her . 
 so he dared to look . 
 yesmi smiled back . 
 he felt an overwhelming urge to kiss her , which he did with force , and she drew back after a few moments with a laugh . 
 ` what was that for ? ' 
 ` i - i do n't know . 
 i just had to . ' 
 ` well , i 'm not complaining . ' 
 she drew her arms tightly around his shoulders . 
 ` where did you go just then ? ' 
 ` i do n't know . 
 somewhere less interesting i expect . ' 
 he kissed her arms - oddly her scent was absent - and she felt so close but so far away . 
 his gaze dropped to his desk . 
 piled up with trade agreements , applications for citizenship , draft legislation . 
 something felt out of place . 
 ` i did it , ' she whispered . 
 he gathered the papers together in a heap . 
 ` what ? ' 
 she pulled him round to face her with a grin . 
 ` what ? 
 the trial of course . ' 
 the trial of the goddess , how could he have forgotten ? 
 grasping her hands he stood in excitement . 
 ` well , tell me , how did it go ? 
 did you pass ? ' 
 for a few aching moments she kept quiet . 
 his gaze pierced through her . 
 ` well ? 
 do n't keep me waiting ! ' 
 she took a step back and brushed down her deep-coloured clothes . 
 ` you 're looking at yesmi , deira level witch . ' 
 with a roar of happiness he scooped her in his arms , spinning about the room . 
 ` yesmi , it 's incredible - incredible ! 
 i 'm so - oh , it 's so - we have to celebrate ! ' 
 he opened his eyes . 
 the pile of death records stared up at him from his desk , chilling his bones . 
 yesmi was gone . 
 she had never been there . 
 the room was quiet . 
 twenty-two rayan leyna poured from her room in a flurry , grasping tightly onto her paper and pencils and pulling on her smart jacket . 
 she raced around the corner towards the workshop and burst in , freezing instantly in a prepared stance . 
 ` am i late ? ' 
 she exclaimed , brushing her hair from her face . 
 murray looked back with an amused grin . 
 he shook his head . 
 leyna followed his gaze to the faint spray of light beyond the glass . 
 she was early . 
 very , very early . 
 ` it 's good though , the enthusiasm has n't waned yet . ' 
 leyna slumped onto the nearby stool . 
 she was so annoyed ; she could have caught up on the sleep she did n't get the night before because she had to catch up with a project . 
 she strapped her messy hair back with a little piece of hide she carried around her wrist . 
 murray continued with his work , expertly slicing away at a piece of wood for the cabinet he was making for the butcher . 
 leyna watched his hands and his control . 
 his command of his vision was a joy to witness . 
 ` you 're so good at that . ' 
 ` i told you , it took half my life . 
 i 'm not good , it 's just practice . ' 
 what murray was n't good at was deceit . 
 ` so , what 's leon got you doing this sun ? ' 
 he said , standing back . 
 ` um , fetching and carrying for the morning . 
 project work after high sun . ' 
 ` you got your list ? ' 
 she held up a piece of paper with a sigh . 
 ` yep . ' 
 ` come on then , ' murray said , brushing down his clothes . 
 ` what ? 
 but you have work . ' 
 ` ah , i 'm well ahead . 
 always am . 
 why do you think i spend so much time elsewhere than here ? ' 
 he grabbed his coat from the hook on the wall . 
 the coat he wore so much leyna thought he may not be able to exist without it . 
 she followed him out of the front door and he breathed a huge sigh . 
 ` i love rayan at early sun . ' 
 ` really ? ' 
 leyna replied , looking around at the dusty landscape of the still village . 
 ` you 've never been up this early ? ' 
 ` of course , just , not really ... out ... ' murray shook his head . 
 ` well , you can learn a lot from the world at this time . 
 look at the arches . 
 they 're always nice in fairness , but this time , when the sun 's rising over there , the shadows are extra-long and they reach all the way to your feet . ' 
 sure enough the shadows were touching their heavy-booted soles . 
 ` the light is softer , it makes a pathway , ' leyna added . 
 ` and if you follow it , towards the arches , look at the way the sun hides behind the hall and the hall looms , high above , leaving two bright pillars either side . 
 you can use that in designs you know , strong bold ones . 
 you never have to wait for inspiration . 
 you can just look for it here . ' 
 murray started off again ; the gravity of his connection with the world was almost overwhelming . 
 she was looking through his eyes as he spoke , venturing to a depth in art she 'd never been to - would never know how to get to , in truth . 
 as he drew her around the village , in and out of the square , through the school yard and around the warriors ' apartments , he pointed out all the buildings and secret spots he 'd drawn upon in his creations , and the citizenry began to stir . 
 they 'd strolled the full perimeter of the inner square before they halted at the woodcutter 's . 
 murray had already shared the story of when he 'd run off with the woodcutter 's axe and carved designs into the handle . 
 harrad was furious at first , but it helped push murray 's acceptance in his apprenticeship . 
 harrad pounded from his door , a pile of chopped trunk in his arms . 
 ` oh , it 's not murray kile again is it ? 
 it 's been a long time since you did any fetching for leon , i thought we 'd got rid of you . ' 
 their hands thumped in a mighty shake . 
 ` no , not me , i 'm just showing leyna the ropes . ' 
 ` you mean all the cheats , ' was the non-question . 
 ` of course i mean all the cheats ! 
 leyna , this is harrad . ' 
 to her complete surprise harrad reached out his bear-like hand to her . 
 ` nice to meet you , leyna . ' 
 his grip was tight , but far outweighed by her surprise . 
 he said it was nice to meet her . 
 she could n't muster a reply ; her joy stuck in her throat . 
 ` right , ' murray started , ` so i 'm you . 
 rather than carrying the wood myself every time leon wants it , i ask harrad nicely to leave it outside in the morning . 
 he puts a little marker on it and when i pay a local deet to pick it up and drop it back for me , i tip him or her when they bring me the marker . ' 
 ` see , cheating . ' 
 ` you say cheating , i say resourceful , ' murray grinned . 
 ` you see , that 's how you get on in a busy village . 
 you find ways to avoid - ' ` work ? ' 
 leyna cut in , blushing at her own directness . 
 harrad boomed with laughter . 
 ` extra work , ' murray laughed . 
 ` so you can keep on task back at the shop , and catch up on your sleep . 
 either way , leon 's happy , it 's just whether you want to be as well . ' 
 ` but will they want to do that for me ? ' 
 ` they do n't want to do it for me . 
 but i trade them . 
 they 'll do it for the goods so they can gorge themselves on sweets from the baker . ' 
 ` he 's lazy but he 's right , ' harrad said to leyna . 
 ` he 's had first-hand experience on how much of an expert you can become in procrastination . ' 
 ` so which ones do i ask ? ' 
 ` that 's my girl , ' murray said throwing his arm around her shoulder briefly and squeezing her gently . 
 ` right , we 're off , harrad . 
 see you soon . ' 
 ` come to the vensana soon , murray , for a proper drink ! ' 
 ` soon , harrad , fai ana . ' 
 the two wandered off from the woodcutter , leyna still thrown by murray 's show of affection . 
 ` so , harrad knows to keep up our deal , we 've got the blacksmith next , he 's a hard one to bargain with , but loves to get out of complicated orders if he can so he 'll play . ' 
 they passed by a beautifully decorated set of apartments and murray pointed to the tall , sleek man through the window . 
 ` now vael ten , the head of construction , if he wants something delivered from leon 's he 'll give you barely any warning . 
 you have to make friends with his apprentice who can get word to you when vael 's on the scout . 
 the apprentice is called tamm and she 's sweet enough for the right price . 
 can out-drink kertia every time , too . 
 also - ' ` murray ! ' 
 zia bounded over from behind them , fixing her sword belt tighter , and she beamed at him . 
 she planted a kiss on his lips ; his expression staled and he moved back rigidly . 
 zia 's eyes narrowed but she did n't turn her gaze to leyna . 
 she was as good as invisible . 
 ` you have n't passed adri by have you ? ' 
 ` i did n't know he got up this early , ' he replied flatly . 
 ` not usually , but he 's agreed to help me practice for my trial later . 
 if you see him ... ' ` i 'll send him by , ' murray said coolly . 
 zia left , walking tall , her anger clearly crushing her but mouth firmly shut . 
 leyna kept quiet ; it was n't her business . 
 they walked on in silence . 
 ` hey . 
 you wan na do something naughty before everyone else wakes up ? ' 
 he raised his eyebrows cheekily and she nodded , trying to suppress laugher as he dragged her back to architect square , through the tunnel and all the way to the arches . 
 he sped over to a specific stone , finding an indent in it . 
 he beckoned leyna over . 
 ` put your foot in there . ' 
 ` what are we doing ? ' 
 ` foot . 
 go on . ' 
 he tapped the indent and leyna carefully placed her foot in . 
 ` now grab that bit there and that bit , and as you climb you should see where to hold on . ' 
 ` i ca n't ... ' ` sure you can . 
 go on . ' 
 with a breath leyna gripped the stone hard and pushed herself from the ground . 
 she searched quickly for the gaps so she could climb higher and in barely any time at all she was pulling herself atop the arches . 
 moments later murray was sitting beside her . 
 she did n't realise the stones rose so high , nor that they offered the most incredible view of the village . 
 ` it 's ... ' she sucked in a breath . 
 ` yeah , ' murray agreed . 
 peeking out behind the edge of rayan were the western woods she knew so well , and the quarry which lay out of sight . 
 but beyond it , to her left and right , the most spectacular waves of green and gold rose and fell in natural bulges , complemented to the south by the metts river , which she knew ran all the way to targu . 
 ` this , here , is my special place . 
 you can borrow it if you like . ' 
 all this time she had been running away from this . 
 and all this time he had been here , knowing of it . 
 twenty-three torc mountains a shovel pitted deep into the ground pulling out the light , dry soil below in quick succession . 
 when the darker , damper earth had been breached the hole was large enough for the mataran soldiers to heave the huge box within . 
 the ground was thrown back around it , securing a lifeline for the return . 
 premo stood not far away with his warrior master , kurayne , both eyeing a map and the distance . 
 ` we 're at the bottom of the torc range . 
 south west is the north fork of the metts river , ' kurayne explained . 
 ` how many suns ? ' 
 premo enquired . 
 ` twenty-five maybe at the rate we 're going , ' kurayne guessed . 
 he was excellent at his job ; his approximation was good enough . 
 ` send word back to matara with our progress . ' 
 kurayne rolled the map back up . 
 ` i 'll send two messengers , in case one gets caught by eēn or imino . ' 
 ` this is why i did n't have you executed when you refused to serve me , kurayne . 
 you 're so damned useful . ' 
 ` i saw the light , my lord . 
 and i am a mataran warrior . 
 i serve the monarch . ' 
 premo studied the warriors throwing boxes into a line of holes in the ground . 
 ` we 'll have enough supplies for the journey back ? ' 
 ` more than enough , sire . ' 
 premo nodded in satisfaction . 
 ` have my tent set up . 
 we 'll camp here for the night . ' 
 ` as you wish . ' 
 kurayne summoned one of his apprentices , galna , who was also training as a scribe . 
 ` the king needs two messages sent separately for lorosa with our progress . ' 
 galna nodded , gathering his materials swiftly from his horse . 
 another warrior approached kurayne and stopped close to him , keenly aware of the level of his voice , and determined to keep it low but inconspicuous . 
 ` master kurayne . ' 
 ` tyan . ' 
 kurayne arranged some things on his horse to avoid looking suspicious . 
 ` will it be before we reach them ? ' 
 tyan whispered gently . 
 ` this one will go ahead . 
 there 's no choice . 
 but afterwards , when there is more time for us , we will strike down . ' 
 ` what shall i tell the others ? ' 
 kurayne looked tyan in the eyes . 
 ` to prepare for battle . 
 again . ' 
 twenty-four rayan dawn slid into the messy little room from its very earliest exposure in the world and shone directly on the sleeping leyna on the small bed in the corner . 
 she groaned lightly and turned over . 
 she had always been an early bird and had barely ever been to bed before the light had long since faded , but she 'd never had to work so hard in-between before and her mind and body were paying . 
 her washed clothes were piled in one corner . 
 she 'd not had time to shove them in her dresser . 
 designs spread messily over her desk and little , half-finished showpieces cluttered the few shelves . 
 there were still boxes of her belongings from when she rushed them from her mother 's home , packed and sealed . 
 she was tired and her room was a state , but she was glad that she had followed murray 's advice about cheating on her fetching tasks . 
 she would not sleep at all if she had n't . 
 a soft tapping echoed through the thick door . 
 ` leyna ? ' 
 she did n't answer , her measured breath telling she was back in dreamland . 
 the knocking came again , but with a little more force . 
 ` leyna . 
 leyna ! ' 
 it was murray , desperately trying to avoid waking everyone else in the building up , but exuding necessity that she should . 
 ` leyna ! ' 
 he boomed . 
 leyna sat abruptly , befuddled , sucking in heavy morning breaths . 
 ` wh-what ? ' 
 ` get up . 
 come on , ' he hurried . 
 why was he knocking on her door ? 
 why was he up so early ? 
 and then the most annoying question came - was n't this her rest sun ? 
 ` why am i awake , murray ? ' 
 leyna muffled through a yawn . 
 ` stop asking questions and hurry up . 
 we 're gon na miss it . ' 
 ` miss what ? ' 
 ` questions . 
 stop , ' murray replied curtly . 
 ` i 'll be outside , get a move on . ' 
 leyna slumped backwards with a sigh on the bed . 
 she would n't be getting any more rest if he was awake anyway . 
 he would talk her into reality . 
 so she instead pulled herself up , forced herself through a quick scrub down and dressed . 
 murray was , of course , waiting for her as she exited the carpenter 's apartments and entered the square . 
 as usual , the pang of annoyance for murray subsided when she saw his smiling face . 
 it was impossible to remain annoyed at someone who found amazement in the smallest things and whose personality lit up the room when he entered . 
 he held in his hand a small lot of paper , a board , and a couple of pencils . 
 ` what 's going on ? ' 
 leyna quizzed . 
 ` you 'll see , ' murray assured , speeding away . 
 leyna rolled her eyes and rushed to catch up . 
 she was always a little way behind him . 
 she never minded . 
 she trusted his direction . 
 murray dropped to the ground briskly , crossing his legs and leaning his paper on the board . 
 he began to scribble snatches of the dirt-covered arena of the home warriors , which lay a stone 's throw away , onto his paper . 
 leyna looked interested around the enclosed area . 
 it was a small arena , but it was right in the middle of the warriors apartments . 
 built almost identically to architect square , but of a smaller scale , this place would usually be absolutely brimming with warriors . 
 at that moment there were none . 
 her eyes dropped to murray 's drawings . 
 he was so quick with the pencil and had such a skill she was continuously enamoured with them . 
 his skill with carpentry was just as wonderful , no matter how self-deprecating he remained at his work . 
 she had watched him night after night creating and honing bookshelves , beds , cabinets , tables and a myriad other beautiful , wonderful designs to perfection . 
 she had sat in silence as his hands chipped away into thick wood , creating beautiful patterns and symbols - ones she had seen all over rayan before they had ever met . 
 ones she had always admired from afar , and that he drew from the inspiring surroundings they had toured multiple times together since her apprenticeship started . 
 sometimes he worked so slowly he seemed as if to have stopped altogether , but she could see beads of sweat wander slowly down his face and drip from the curve of his jaw . 
 murray had equalled leon 's skill a long time ago , and in some ways surpassed it completely , but he had never , nor would ever , make a point of it , happy to remain in his assistant capacity until leon kicked him out to make his own way in life . 
 in a way she was glad . 
 it kept him near , and it gave her a little extra solace that she had at least one friend in rayan . 
 as she looked at him she recalled they had met barely a quarter tane before , the time had shifted so quickly and sometimes it seemed they had known each other forever . 
 ` why are we here ? ' 
 leyna whispered . 
 ` shh . 
 wait , ' he ordered , politely , still scribbling away . 
 moments later the door to the main entrance of the apartments opened and a mass of warriors emerged . 
 leyna did remain quiet , her mouth almost dropping at the sight of this incredible armed troupe . 
 she had picked up some of the names on the suns she was sent to assist murray on the stall . 
 when they had been on their way to get a meal in the vensana she had seen some of them , off-duty of course , drinking with their friends or lovers . 
 and on their long walks around the village she had become acquainted with a few , with murray 's help . 
 the first she recognised was kertia , four-quarter head , a large , powerful man with an accent that murray told her placed him as from beldahv . 
 he had left there , though , a good time before the mataran army had sacked the town and killed everyone they found . 
 she saw three-quarter head , nia , who was small but considerably loud in comparison to the others . 
 nia had been the first to introduce herself one time in the vensana . 
 she had made leyna laugh for half a sun . 
 adri emerged , stone-faced as usual . 
 leyna and adri had yet to be introduced . 
 murray had been holding off - adri was n't in a good place , he 'd said . 
 she could barely recognise he and murray were brothers . 
 adri seemed so stern and cold ; murray was bright and wonderful . 
 but there was something in the eyes . 
 that depth she 'd seen in the workshop . 
 those were the times when she could sit there in silence watching him and he would barely register her presence . 
 when her eyes would leave his beautiful work and rest on his face . 
 leyna did n't know why she looked at him in those moments . 
 she did n't understand why the curve of his brow or the slight tilt of his mouth when he was etching to get something perfect interested her so much . 
 but those were the times that she saw that deep look in his eyes , and it changed something of the way she thought about him as the suns went by . 
 adri did n't look over anyway . 
 he had something else on his mind . 
 a couple of warriors she recognised as telimo and dala smiled in greeting and called a hello to their stony-faced comrade , but they seemed to understand when not to engage him in conversation . 
 and then she saw zia . 
 the look she got from her was readable enough . 
 it was contempt , and leyna knew it well . 
 she did n't know the last time murray had seen zia anywhere but in passing was barely a few suns after they 'd climbed the arches one sunrise . 
 surely she was n't ... jealous ? 
 impossible . 
 silence shrouded the collective as imarko entered the arena followed closely by cora . 
 imarko was both central head and head warrior . 
 the warriors held a great respect for him and it showed . 
 but leyna was more interested in cora . 
 ever since she had seen her stand in the citizens ' hall , giving that heartfelt and perfect speech for defending rayan , she had begun to idolise her . 
 what she would n't wish to be so strong and confident even when cruelly knocked by the defeat of village opinion . 
 ` what 's going on , murray ? 
 why are they all here ? ' 
 surely they should all be patrolling by now ? 
 the warriors began to settle themselves outside of the arena , where a few handfuls of villagers had begun to converge . 
 ` every quarter tane nearly all warriors are tested , to be sure they are keeping up the standards expected from imarko . 
 this is it . ' 
 she was going to see the trials ! 
 leyna had never seen combat . 
 she tried desperately to retain her excitement . 
 these incredible people were going to show just how effective they really were and prove they truly knew best how to defend rayan . 
 if only more of the villagers were there to witness it ! 
 the first to step onto fighting ground was kertia , and he waited for an opponent . 
 leyna turned to murray in a daze , with a buzzing smile on her face . 
 the warriors were about to start and he - he was staring at the paper on his lap . 
 ` they 're starting , murray . ' 
 ` yeah , that 's fine , ' he muttered as he paid close attention to shading in . 
 ` do n't you watch ? ' 
 ` never , ' he said bluntly . 
 he looked up at her briefly with a smile . 
 ` it 's alright . 
 enjoy it . ' 
 imarko pointed to a young warrior whose name leyna did n't know , but she stepped into the arena . 
 the warrior wore a badge that indicated she was at level five , one above apprentice , where kertia was a head . 
 this was her challenge . 
 ` warrior argen , ' imarko called , signalling kertia , ` and warrior larran . ' 
 imarko signalled the warrior opposite . 
 kertia and larran saluted each other and imarko signalled for them to draw their swords . 
 these were n't wooden practice swords , they were the real things . 
 there was excitement here , but there was also danger . 
 leyna felt a turning in her stomach . 
 she wondered if anyone had ever been killed in these tournaments , like in the kiseran ones she 'd read about . 
 imarko threw down his hand . 
 kertia and his opponent immediately began to circle the ground , one way , then the other , playing out each other 's first move . 
 the tension for leyna was electric , her eyes were wide ; she was just waiting for that first blow to reign down , for that true power of these fighters to be shown . 
 kertia hit first , his sword heavily falling against larran 's . 
 she blocked neatly , the thud drumming through her body so fiercely her teeth clenched . 
 she pushed his sword away and took a couple of steps to the side , speedily , and launched back directly . 
 kertia , due to his size , was not as swift , but he saw her next move coming - she swung her sword round to aim for his midsection , but he blocked fast and almost knocked larran from her feet , instantly returning a low blow , a high blow , another high - all which she managed to deflect . 
 then he caught her off guard , tricking her into thinking he was striking one way then expertly spinning and going the other - he smashed her sword from her hand , grabbed her by the nape and curled his sword round her throat . 
 it was over . 
 kertia had won . 
 imarko called the end of the battle to a round of applause . 
 the two warriors faced each other and saluted , leaving the arena at the same time . 
 larran looked disappointed in herself , but kertia spoke kind words that leyna wished she could hear . 
 he demonstrated some moves to larran , showing her the correct way to guard herself . 
 as leyna drew fascination with kertia 's guidance two more warriors were called to the arena floor . 
 ` warrior kile . ' 
 leyna 's attention snapped back to imarko . 
 ` warrior jaenne . ' 
 it was adri and cora standing in the arena . 
 leyna could barely keep her composure . 
 she had longed to see cora fight and she could n't believe it was to be against adri . 
 once again imarko signalled for them to draw their swords . 
 they both stood there in stance , their eyes focused on the other , and waited . 
 it felt like an incredibly long time to leyna . 
 her heart slowed to almost a stop , anticipating the first move ... imarko called to start and unlike the previous fight cora and adri launched straight in . 
 it was all so fast ; leyna could barely keep up with what was happening . 
 she saw adri 's sword swing for cora 's head , but cora was already elsewhere when it passed , countering on the opposite side of adri who saw it coming and ducked out of the way . 
 they were both exceptional , leyna thought over and over , as each strike and block was given . 
 she could n't imagine a time when either of these two were training . 
 they must have been born with that skill . 
 a yelp filled the arena - cora was grasping her sword arm and adri took the opportunity , knocking her weapon from her hand . 
 the fight did n't stop as leyna expected it to . 
 cora breathed deeply , controlling her pain . 
 adri stood ready to finish her . 
 he went in for the kill , but she manoeuvred her way back to her sword - clipped his foot with hers and floored him - her sword , then held in her opposite hand , pointed directly at his neck . 
 the fight was over . 
 cora dug her blade into the ground , held out her good hand to adri , and pulled him up . 
 imarko called for salutes , which they both gave . 
 ` tonic working now ? ' 
 adri quipped . 
 ` not really , ' cora smirked . 
 they left the arena together , the warriors cheering . 
 they all seemed to enjoy watching these wonderful unions of skill as much as leyna . 
 as she was about to question murray , still busy with his art , imarko called the next opponents . 
 leyna drew her knees to her chest and prepared for more . 
 the sparring had long finished but murray and leyna were still sitting on the ground . 
 murray was holding out his paper to her , explaining the expertly traced symbols in detail . 
 ` some of these symbols mean life in certain dialects , but in others they mean death . ' 
 leyna gazed at the symbols . 
 they were completely alien to her ; she had never seen anything like them . 
 she wondered if there were books in the library that would tell her more . 
 ` so how do you tell them apart ? ' 
 she asked , tilting her head whilst her eyes followed the intricate lines . 
 ` it 's usually by the symbol they 're placed with - ' but he was cut off by an approaching voice . 
 ` do n't you have work to do ? ' 
 they both looked up sharply . 
 it was cora , now overhead . 
 murray got up with leyna following , but shyly standing a little behind him . 
 there was a playful expression on cora 's face . 
 murray , used to her teasing , rolled his eyes and drawled , ` i 've been working . ' 
 ` let 's see . ' 
 her fingers beckoned for the paper and he handed it over . 
 ` the symbol for death in ffremettrn , ' she said almost instantly . 
 ` charming . ' 
 leyna was gobsmacked . 
 cora could fight , she was diplomatic and she could read - maybe even speak - another language . 
 it was incredible . 
 maybe all warriors were like that . 
 for all her reading of far off cultures and dreamy landscapes , her interest had never settled for long enough on the very people who had stood , merely moments ago , before her . 
 ` who 's your friend ? ' 
 cora asked , her gaze falling to leyna . 
 ` this is leyna . 
 she 's leon 's newest apprentice . 
 very talented . 
 gon na go far . ' 
 ` late learner ? ' 
 cora asked her directly . 
 leyna had trouble mustering the courage to reply , but managed a short , shy , ` well ... ' ` leyna 's a natural . 
 more than i ever was , ' murray interjected , relieving her bashfulness . 
 it had n't gone unnoticed with him that leyna was taken with the whole warrior way of life , if not with a great deal of naivety . 
 moments later leyna 's gaze moved past cora and towards another warrior . 
 murray smirked as adri joined them . 
 he was always happy to see his brother , and now , it seemed , was going to be the moment he introduced him to leyna . 
 ` do n't you have - ? ' 
 adri started . 
 ` i 'm going back to work in a while ! ' 
 adri brushed up to cora , he kissed her casually and slid an arm around her waist , whispering something in her ear . 
 then he turned back to his brother . 
 ` enjoy the spectacle ? ' 
 ` you know i never watch , ' murray replied . 
 ` then why are you here ? ' 
 ` leyna 's never seen you lot in action . ' 
 adri 's glance moved to leyna . 
 but there was no smile , no hint of politeness in his eyes . 
 it was still that look he always bore . 
 but with a darker edge to it . 
 like he was n't happy about what stood before him . 
 his voice resounded softly , but coldly , in leyna 's direction . 
 ` i 'm honoured she thinks us worthy of acknowledgement . ' 
 he need n't have said anything else . 
 leyna 's heart sank right then and there . 
 murray 's brother hated her . 
 just like everyone else in the village hated her . 
 she felt her face fill with colour and her eyes dropped to the ground . 
 ` adri , ' cora said sharply , their eyes meeting in annoyance . 
 ` glad you could come , ' adri remarked dryly , and he walked away . 
 ` see you soon , murray . ' 
 cora was almost red in the face , her jaw clenched in silent anger . 
 ` murray , i 'll see you soon . ' 
 as she passed leyna she squeezed her shoulder ever so softly . 
 ` thank you for coming . ' 
 but leyna barely felt or heard her . 
 the damage had been done . 
 ` i should get back , ' she whispered . 
 ` let me walk you . ' 
 ` no . 
 no . 
 thank you . 
 i 'd rather ... ' she moved away slowly . 
 murray could n't bear upsetting her even more so he left her alone . 
 leyna left the arena , and when she was out of sight and alone , her eyes welled and hot , heavy tears rolled from her cheeks , the utter embarrassment forcing itself from her the only way it could . 
 ` that was uncalled for , ' cora barked as they entered adri 's quarters . 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` what you said to that poor girl . ' 
 adri breathed a childish sigh . 
 ` she did n't take it seriously . ' 
 ` she did , ' cora said , pulling him round to face her . 
 ` she 'll forget it in no time . ' 
 it was like talking to a wall . 
 ` she might look up to people like us , ' cora reasoned . 
 adri 's eyes clouded with a darkness that had been gathering for a long time . 
 ` no one looks up to us anymore . ' 
 cora took a step back , examining his expression , finding nothing in it she could relate to . 
 ` when did you get so bitter ? 
 this is your home , these are your people . ' 
 ` they 're not my people . 
 they 're people who live in the same village . ' 
 he started to tidy a pile of clothes he had thrown onto his chair a few suns before . 
 ` who you offered to protect , ' she said sharply . 
 ` you vowed . ' 
 ` i vowed to protect them before i knew what they were like . ' 
 he slammed a drawer . 
 with a sigh she thought she had figured it out . 
 ` are you talking about the vote again ? 
 there 's nothing we can do to change it right at this moment . 
 and let me remind you , not everyone voted against it . ' 
 ` well , maybe i just do n't believe in this anymore , ' he yelled , turning towards her . 
 cora stood astounded . 
 she could barely muster the reason to reply . 
 ` do n't look at me like that , ' he sneered quietly . 
 ` do you mean that ? ' 
 then followed a heavy silence . 
 adri went on putting his clothes away , finding things to tidy up . 
 then he stopped with a sigh , leaning against his fireplace . 
 ` i do n't know . ' 
 ` that 's a rather bold statement for you to not know . ' 
 ` i 'm just - i 'm at a point where i 'm wondering if these people are worth my time . 
 worth the effort of trying to help . ' 
 ` worth the effort ... ' she thought it the most pathetic statement ever exclaimed . 
 ` worth the effort ? 
 well , have you ever thought maybe their feelings reflect you ? ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 she folded her arms , her eyes narrowing , feeling like she was breaking through at least one layer . 
 ` you 're so adamant they 're a lost cause , maybe they 've decided you 're not worth changing for . 
 if you can lose faith so easily , why ca n't they ? ' 
 ` easily ? ' 
 he roared in rebuke . 
 ` it 's been twelve tanes ! 
 twelve tanes of gradual loss of belief of a better life . 
 and it 's still draining away . ' 
 ` what do you want , a crown ? 
 tell me what you 've done to help ? ' 
 ` i joined to help , ' he snapped , exhausted . 
 ` specifics adri . 
 tell me exactly what you 've done to help the hearts and minds of these people . ' 
 adri hesitated for too long . 
 her diplomatic skills were far better than his were and she saw things with a much clearer mind . 
 he sniffed , turning away from her again . 
 ` why do n't you save some of that precious time and effort and devote it to something you really believe in . 
 leave the future of the world to the people who truly live in it . 
 and want to . ' 
 he heard the door slamming behind him . 
 he knew she was right . 
 he knew she was fair . 
 but he could n't get rid of it , that feeling , that downright idiocy of people who did n't care what happened to their families or their homes . 
 why did n't they just see things the way he did ? 
 why did n't they understand what war was really like ? 
 he lay on his bed , staring at the ceiling , knowing that one sun , even if those people did change their minds about defence , it would all be too late anyway . 
 and he would finally be proved right under the wrong circumstances . 
 twenty-five matara keno stood on the balcony of the palace , peering out beyond matara 's walls and into the dark country . 
 he knew out there somewhere premo marched with the city 's army , and was about to do something deadly and irreversible . 
 he breathed into the night , the warmth of it visible now in the chill that had begun to take over . 
 behind him his old friend wandered slowly towards him . 
 ` keno . 
 you 'll catch your death out here . ' 
 ` i caught it long ago , dommaris . ' 
 ` that kind of speak is reserved for old people , i 'll have you know . ' 
 keno pulled his cloak tighter around him . 
 ` he 's out there now . 
 and those poor people do n't even know what 's coming . 
 why could n't i stop him ? ' 
 dommaris placed a hand on keno 's shoulder , partly to comfort him , partly to hold himself up . 
 ` you will never understand how much you have done for those people . 
 i suspect they wo n't either , the ones that survive . ' 
 ` he does n't leave survivors . ' 
 ` there are always survivors . 
 just like you , and yesmi , and even old me . 
 there are always people that remain when the darkness has cleared . 
 but it 's not about them knowing who was supporting them . 
 it 's about them taking the opportunity to change when they have been to alacaethe and back . ' 
 ` then i hope it 's quick . 
 because a slow death , ' his throat was so dry he could n't swallow the words down , ` ... a slow death does not allow you to forget . ' 
 twenty-six rayan leyna closed the door the entrance hall of the carpenter 's apartments . 
 she moved towards the workshop where dim light escaped into the hallway . 
 after being out all sun , wandering the outskirts of the village and anywhere else away from that sun 's events . 
 having not taken her mahrken cloak and gloves she returned once the nip of late tane had caught her , and wandering back slowly had watched hansheca rise , eaten away , too , by the oncoming darkness of mahrken . 
 with a deep breath she had decided to finally return home and get some rest . 
 she would need a clear head for the conversation she and murray would inevitably have the next sun . 
 she stopped as she always did and took a few steps back , peering into the workshop . 
 murray was inside , focused in that deep way she had seen many a time , and he did n't notice her . 
 this time , though , she said nothing and walked away . 
 as she headed round the corner and approached her bedroom she noticed a few boxes lay outside that were n't usually there . 
 perplexed , leyna pushed the door open softly and her jaw dropped . 
 lamps lit up her surprised expression . 
 her rudimentary sleeping arrangements were gone . 
 sitting there in the corner an actual bed was present and made , with brand new bedclothes and a thick new pillow that she recognised as the work of the best apprentice seamstress . 
 leyna ran her fingers over the material - it felt soft and tingly under them , where it used to be coarse and lumpy . 
 there were new shelves and freshly decorated walls . 
 her work was the decoration , spread neatly and well-organised around the room . 
 in the corner opposite the bed there was a beautifully carved wardrobe and next to it her dressing table , the one her mother had given her , with her own designs carved into it . 
 upon it was a small box . 
 leyna picked it up and lifted the lid . 
 inside was a hand-sized , wooden idol , and she immediately recognised it as murray 's . 
 it was of anatersa . 
 then she saw it , sat neatly on a stand in the corner . 
 her kura . 
 fixed , polished , restrung . 
 good as new . 
 and better ; a pretty tailpiece had replaced the wooden block the strings had once clung to . 
 it was a forest scene , lovingly carved . 
 she brushed it with her fingers , heart pounding . 
 with the kura in one hand and anatersa in the other she returned to the workshop . 
 still , that soft , slicing sound filled the air , just floating there , intermittent , but somehow reassuring . 
 murray was deep in concentration as she stepped silently into the room , slicing expertly at the beautiful wood of his new project . 
 small beads of sweat clung to his skin , twinkling in the lamplight . 
 as he took a breath his eyes fell upon the figurine placed on the edge of the workbench . 
 he stood straight , a cautious smile passing his lips , as leyna met his gaze . 
 ` did you do it ? ' 
 she asked softly . 
 a sweeping relief at her tone eased his mind . 
 ` not all of it . 
 cora helped . 
 she felt bad about adri . ' 
 her voice hardened a little . 
 ` but you did this ? ' 
 she gestured the kura . 
 he nodded ; worried he 'd crossed a line . 
 ` it was a shame . 
 it 's an antique , sorla wood . ' 
 he paused before the next words . 
 ` really beautiful . ' 
 leyna 's eyes dropped as she searched for the words , for the way ... ` i 've never - no-one 's ever done anything that ... kind , for me , ever . ' 
 he dared to take a small step towards her , emerging from behind the bench so he was barely a couple of spans away . 
 ` i hope that 's not true . 
 and i hope the decoration 's alright . 
 i was n't sure about which colours you liked , but i remembered some of your designs , and the colours - ' ` it 's fine , ' she reassured . 
 ` it can be changed if you 'd prefer it another way - ' ` it 's perfect , murray , i do n't want to change it . ' 
 he was silently grateful she had interrupted his babbling and took the opportunity to change the subject . 
 ` did n't you want the goddess ? ' 
 ` she 's yours . 
 i 've seen her in your room . ' 
 murray picked up the idol , his expression reminiscent , longing , perhaps a little regretful . 
 ` i used to pray a lot . 
 things went wrong when i was a child . 
 they got better . 
 i learnt not to expect her to rescue me every time something went sour . 
 i just thought you might need some guidance . ' 
 leyna regarded him closely . 
 murray was a hard one to read , unlike his brother it seemed . 
 but a dampening in his eyes told her that her accepting the gift meant something to him . 
 she took the figurine from his hand . 
 ` do you think she helped ? ' 
 something within him flipped . 
 he 'd never really thought about it . 
 but as he watched her clinging to the idol , perusing over its magic , a feeling new and unrealised spread through his veins and deep within his body . 
 ` i think she did . ' 
 their eyes locked ; whether either of them noticed or understood what passed was unclear . 
 ` i want to show you something . ' 
 it was n't long before they had walked in silence from the village , this time leyna having brought her proper cloak to ward off the cold . 
 she held the kura close to her as they moved deeper in to the trees . 
 ` when i was younger i used to walk alone in this forest . ' 
 she spoke softly , as if speaking too loud would alert someone else to their presence . 
 ` sometimes i 'd just sit against the trees and carve in the moonlight , just for something to do . 
 i did n't have many friends - or any , actually . 
 the other children did n't want to be friends with the child of a - ' she fought to say it . 
 she fought to speak the truth of her parentage out loud , even though murray already knew . 
 everyone knew . 
 ` the child of a local lady . 
 she was n't always like she is now . 
 i remember her reading stories to me when i was really young . 
 she had such a way with expressions and voices . 
 we 'd play together , just making music up as we went . 
 then as i got older she changed . 
 i do n't understand why . 
 but that 's when she began ... what she does now ... ' leyna glanced sidelong at him , still worrying that her confession would initiate his desertion . 
 but he knew what she was expecting . 
 ` leyna , i do n't care what your mother does . 
 as long as you 're not getting hurt , i do n't care . ' 
 ` did she let you in ? ' 
 murray turned a little sheepish . 
 that expression was not hard to read . 
 ` you snuck in whilst she was gone and took the rest of my things ? ' 
 ` uh-huh . ' 
 she stopped . 
 breathed deeply , and looked him straight in the eye . 
 ` thank you . ' 
 ` i 'm going to be serious for a moment , ' murray said , breaking the silence . 
 ` strange and unlikely , i know , but , in my opinion , i think you should try and mend those bridges with your mother . 
 the way you are , all the knowledge you have , all the beautiful work you have to give , she should be proud . 
 at least if you attempt it , no matter how it turns out , you can say you tried . ' 
 ` she probably wo n't listen . 
 but i suppose i could . 
 well , you know an awful lot about me now ... ' as they continued walking , looking ahead murray saw where they were . 
 the quarry . 
 ` and you brought me here to kill me for the information i know ? ' 
 leyna beamed . 
 ` this was my quiet place . ' 
 ` a quarry ? 
 you know the definition of ` quiet ' right ? ' 
 leyna sat down , murray followed suit , and she pulled her legs in close to her chest . 
 ` obviously not in the sunshine . 
 but now , under the moon , it 's the only place i could come where there 's nothing and no one . 
 i 'd sit here for hours and hours just thinking about everything i 'd read , all those places far away , the mountains , the grand cities , the sea , and just wish i could see them . 
 here , in a way , i could . ' 
 he was astounded . 
 ` you 've never seen the sea ? ' 
 she shook her head , sadly . 
 ` well that wo n't do . 
 i 'll tell you what , next time adri and i visit targu , we 'll take you . ' 
 ` i do n't think he 'd like that . ' 
 ` who cares ? ' 
 murray stated bluntly . 
 he did n't really mean it . 
 well , almost . 
 leyna laughed . 
 ` and , anyway , targu 's nowhere near the sea . ' 
 ` we 'll take a little detour , why not ? ' 
 her mind began to wander . 
 all those places she could remember reading about began to swirl uncontrollably before her eyes . 
 ` maybe when i 'm a little older and i 've finished my training we can go further . 
 vano , or lisser . 
 maybe matara . 
 or the cesco ruins . ' 
 ` or the mountain range in the north . 
 maybe past it , right over the border , see if anything is left of hena prenitar . ' 
 ` one sun , ' she whispered , ` i 'd like to be able to tell stories to my grandchildren about old prenitia . 
 tell them that it 's still out there . 
 waiting to be found . 
 waiting to be awoken . 
 that i 'd seen some of it , just memories , shadows . 
 but something . ' 
 ` i 'd like to do the same . ' 
 but he never could hold that kind of honesty straight for long . 
 ` of course they 'd be adri 's grandchildren , and i 'd be the weird great-uncle who only showed up a couple of times every twenty tanes to tell them how big they were getting and to pinch their cheeks . ' 
 ` you 'll have children of your own , ' she said , nudging him softly . 
 ` you 're surer of that than i am . ' 
 so for the first time she heard true sadness in his voice . 
 something that he kept well hidden , perhaps for his own protection , perhaps for others ' . 
 ` one of the tribes of lisser , kisera , has a saying . 
 ` tra ulea keyē milyenura keyē gryētu - you only live on through that which you leave . ' 
 you have to leave something for others to remember . ' 
 she gazed at his solemn face , pulling the cord of her cloak open , grasping half the heavy material and launching it over his shoulders . 
 he pulled it further until in encompassed them both . 
 then she did something both of them were surprised at - she slid her hand into his . 
 ` and you will . ' 
 it was almost , at that moment , as if their hearts had beat for a few spans completely in sync , but then the spell had been broken abruptly , not quite strong enough to last out the silence . 
 they both turned to the quarry , their minds full of the future and all the adventures that they would share together . 
 murray shoved his arm against her playfully . 
 ` so , you gon na play something on that , or what ? ' 
 she beamed . 
 she had n't played for so long , she wondered if she still could . 
 ` i might not be so good anymore . ' 
 he shrugged . 
 ` i do n't mind . 
 it 'd just be nice to hear it . ' 
 with a half-smile leyna drew the kura vertical , leaned it on her hand and plucked gently at the strings . 
 it sounded incredible as the notes drifted off into the sky , entertaining hansheca . 
 she did n't play for long , but they were both induced to silence . 
 when she plucked the final note her fingers ran softly over the wood , nostalgia coursing in her blood . 
 murray wanted to say something - anything - to cheer that sad smile of hers . 
 he took in a breath . 
 ` hey , you know that kisera is the barbaric tribe of lisser . 
 the biggest warmongers . 
 by ` leave something ' they 're probably referring to all those bodies trailing in their wake ... ' ` they 're not barbaric , ' leyna smiled . 
 ` honestly ! 
 the leader will take your hand off with his sword of death sooner than shake it . ' 
 ` that ca n't be true ! 
 can it ? ' 
 ` oh yeah ... ' and their laughter echoed into the dark . 
 it was very late when murray and leyna arrived back at the carpenter 's apartments . 
 they had walked back from the quarry talking about where their adventures might take them , and what it would be like the other side of the border . 
 they talked about the history , the gods , the geology and the hundreds of possibilities of ruined cities scattered over the land . 
 and of the sea , skimming up the coast from cormaro to matara and both of them knew one sun they would see it together . 
 two soul mates travelling the world . 
 as they stopped at the front door leyna took a breath . 
 ` now . 
 i should do it now , ' she decided , head nodding decisively , her mind made up . 
 ` huh ? ' 
 murray replied as he fiddled with the lock . 
 it had started to stick as the weather began to turn . 
 ` see my mother . 
 i should go and see her now . ' 
 murray raised a brow . 
 ` it 's a little ... dark . 
 wo n't she be busy ? ' 
 ` she 's always busy , ' leyna dismissed , thoughts running thick and fast through her head about what she should say . 
 ` i should go now . 
 while all this is fresh in my head . 
 i do n't know if i 'll be ready another time . ' 
 murray grasped her shoulders and peered into her eyes . 
 ` right . 
 take a few deep breaths , keep focused . ' 
 she nodded along with him , a smile leaping across her face as she grasped the notion of what she was about to do . 
 ` take care , alright ? ' 
 ` i will . ' 
 she nodded again , her breath steadying as she composed herself in preparation . 
 suddenly , murray had grasped her in an embrace , the woody scent from his second skin coat flooding through her . 
 quickly and tightly it was for him , but it felt like forever to her , like she was suddenly the safest she had ever been , like she 'd never have to worry about anything again - ` go ! ' 
 murray said , drawing her from her reverie , and taking the kura from her hands . 
 as she reached the tunnel she remembered his eyes encouraging her , his hands turning then gently shoving her towards it , but everything following had been a blur . 
 ` fai ana ! ' 
 he called . 
 then she was gone . 
 murray 's eyes stayed on her long after she 'd left his sight . 
 he nodded to himself , agreeing to something or other . 
 pushing the door open and started to head inside , but he paused . 
 his focus instead turned to the sky . 
 the stars that night looked incredible ; he had n't even noticed they 'd been so focused on each other . 
 pulling the door closed he made his way to a small archway within the wall next to the carpenter 's apartments . 
 he leapt up them , two at a time , and emerged on the roof of architect square . 
 when he was younger , and new to the village , he 'd frequently go up there to memorise the layout , for when leon used to give him a hundred and one things to fetch and carry . 
 he remembered watching the building of the hall from there , and some newer housing on the outskirts of the village . 
 the memories swelled , and this night felt so much more important than any other had . 
 he walked quietly along the roof , breathing in the air , taking in the scenery , holding the kura close . 
 he looked past the square and saw the spire of the temple , lit by the countless oil lamps , glowing as a haven in the dark . 
 he noticed shadows on the warriors apartments , pacing slowly , eyeing the surroundings . 
 he leaned on the thick wall of the square 's roof and his attention fell on the dark trees of the wood , then drifted back to leyna . 
 she must already be back at her mother 's . 
 had she had managed to say the things she wanted to , to draw the courage to mend those rifts in their relationship ? 
 as he pondered on her he saw the patrol warriors at their posts and wondered if adri had pulled the short straw that night . 
 then he noticed something strange . 
 there was a patroller just sitting down . 
 no , not sitting , he was lying down - it was hard to see ... he was n't moving ... murray squinted as his eyes adjusted . 
 he looked to the other warriors without too much concern . 
 he saw one fall to the ground and his mouth dropped . 
 there were shouts , snippets of struggles reaching him through the night air . 
 his vision was obscured so he sped along the roof , peering over to catch sight of the other warriors . 
 then he saw them , bows aimed , arrows flying off into the dark . 
 his breath thickened as his eyes darted , a crease deep enough in his brow to give him a headache . 
 they were being attacked ! 
 and there was this heavy , thundering sound approaching the village , getting closer and closer , something he had n't heard before but chilled his core . 
 he leaned over the wall in desperation , trying to gauge the situation ; an arrow slid through the air , narrowly missing his cheek . 
 he felt the air bend sharply as the arrow passed , a cool breeze in its wake . 
 ` oh , goddess ... ' he ducked desperately , slipping as fast as he could to the nearest steps and clambering down them , almost breaking his legs . 
 he ran like wildfire towards the arches and then to the hall . 
 crashing through the small door that led to the bell tower his breath suddenly drew itself into his lungs . 
 he 'd held it the whole way . 
 gasping to refill his body with air he rested the kura down and grasped hold of the rope , tugging with every ounce of strength he could muster . 
 the deep boom of the bell vibrated around him , the noise crashing through his ears and dulling his senses . 
 but it did n't matter . 
 the village was under attack and he had to tell them all . 
 barely moments after the third ring cora shot up in her bed and the bell continued to chime . 
 it was the emergency signal that they had never heard before . 
 she grabbed her armour , clipping it on as quickly as she could , pulled on her boots and ran out the door , snatching her sword as she went . 
 she almost crashed into imarko as the warriors poured into the arena , half-dressed , calling orders and trying to gauge the situation . 
 ` get your section together , ' imarko called as he steamed through the crowd . 
 adri shot from the apartments and sped over to cora , strapping his sword belt on quickly . 
 ` this is it ? ' 
 adri shouted , overwhelmed by the noise from the warriors . 
 ` you know the drill , ' cora nodded . 
 ` two quarter ! 
 stations ! ' 
 she yelled and as she started to stride away adri grabbed her arm . 
 their eyes met very briefly , but very deeply . 
 she nodded ; he returned the understanding . 
 cora headed off and adri sped the other way , ready to take his orders . 
 the attacking army trod heavily through the rayan perimeter guard . 
 they were everywhere , in every direction - there were so many of them , huge , heavy , frightening warriors . 
 they seemed to take out the rayan warriors without a second thought and soon they were upon the outer walls of the village buildings . 
 they began to head for the tunnels into architect square , cutting down those citizens who had foolishly remained longer than necessary to gather belongings . 
 murray let go of the bell as he peered through the spyhole in the tower . 
 he heard the citizens screaming for their lives beyond the tunnels . 
 he could see the home warriors taking arms and the people beginning to flee . 
 it was his turn to leave before he became trapped and torn apart , and he grabbed the kura and sped for the door . 
 as he plummeted down the steps and burst out of the hall 's entrance he crashed into adri . 
 ` murray ! ' 
 ` there 's a whole army out there adri , they 've taken out our patrol - i have to find leyna , ' he said breathless , turning , starting to flee . 
 ` you do n't have time to find her - get to the river mento and do n't you dare look back ! ' 
 adri ordered , glancing briefly in confusion at the kura . 
 ` i 'm not leaving her , she 's gone to her mother - ' ` i 'll find her . ' 
 ` do n't you lie to me , adri , ' murray replied in a tone that warned adri he would not be forgiven . 
 ` i promise you , i 'll find her . 
 now get out of here , find cora . 
 go ! ' 
 he pleaded . 
 they shared a look with time they did n't have then separated . 
 there was nothing but panic filling rayan by that point . 
 the village perimeter had become littered with bodies . 
 warriors and citizens , strewn about all over the place and then adri saw them as they emerged from the tunnels into architect square . 
 his heart sank but he already knew those badges , he had been expecting them . 
 matarans . 
 why did they seem so much bigger than the warriors of rayan ? 
 why did they exude such an undefeatable aura ? 
 but they were trained in the same ways as he and his comrades . 
 they were just flesh and blood . 
 that was the thought adri took as he gripped his sword and pounded towards the attackers . 
 he swiped against the first mataran he reached , their swords screaming as they hit . 
 adri pulled back , eyeing his opponent 's movements , his style , his size , his swiftness . 
 all his training , all the fighting he 'd ever done was for this moment and he would not be one of those already pulsing out blood on the rayan ground . 
 he swung his sword and ducked the opposing strike , pulling his blade sharply around and hitting heavily the leather armour on the mataran 's chest . 
 he pulled with a roar - blood spurted from the warrior under the sliced hide and adri took his chance . 
 he ran him through , eyes cold and hard , and then , foot pressed against that mataran badge , he shoved the dead man off the sword . 
 they are just flesh and blood . 
 beyond the square , cora was fighting a multitude - left and right they came at her , they stabbed from behind , sliced from ahead . 
 their eyes dimmed in annoyance as this warrior head evaded their deadly blows . 
 the matarans had underestimated this little army it seemed . 
 from the right a sword split a mataran in half , drawing again quickly , and kertia took his place beside cora . 
 ` imarko ? ' 
 cora yelled between defences . 
 ` do n't know , ' kertia replied , breathing sharply . 
 between them they finished off attackers , ready for more as the mataran army continued the onslaught . 
 cora 's eyes darted around quickly . 
 the home warriors were giving everything they had . 
 it was n't enough . 
 they were being picked off , they were being slaughtered . 
 another couple of matarans launched into battle with cora and kertia , the two heads beating off the foreign army with desperate haste . 
 around them children rushed about looking for their mothers - mothers rushed about yelling the names - everyone ran - everyone cried - there was no focus , no order , no escape - adri , away from the main army was suddenly distracted , his head spinning around , violently searching with his eyes . 
 he saw a few warriors fall to the ground , a blur to whose side they were on . 
 he found himself within another battle , a swift , short affair where he gave the fatal stab then ran off , ducking around villagers , half attacking , half attempting to avoid stumbling over the bodies . 
 back in the throes cora and kertia shared a look . 
 it was a knowing look , yet one they had never used . 
 cora 's voice rang high as she called a fall-back , guiding the people around her away , dragging them when necessary . 
 they did n't understand , they did n't realise she was trying to help . 
 the commotion , the confusion , the fear , it was leading people to madness and they did n't grasp that this fight was over and they must escape . 
 adri sped through the housing amidst the desperate sorrows of his fellows . 
 he kept his focus , shouting for them to leave , but avoiding involving himself in helping them . 
 he had but one task now . 
 the only thing that would matter should he survive this and see his brother again . 
 he recalled the time he saw maranda leaving her home and struggled to pick to right door . 
 it was ground level . 
 three from the end - no , four , it was the fourth . 
 he was sure of it , and when he reached the door he burst into the short hall full of yet more doors . 
 he had no idea which one she lived in . 
 his guess was deemed meaningless with the scream from inside the first . 
 he thrust his body against the door , tearing the lock from the wood . 
 a crack echoed in the room , but that was not his concern . 
 it was the man whose hand enclosed leyna 's throat , pressing her hard against the wall , draining her of life . 
 the man sneered at adri , letting leyna drop and lunging for the warrior . 
 adri dodged the attack , punched the man in the stomach , the head , knocking him out . 
 leyna gasped for breath on the floor as adri marched over . 
 ` are you alright ? ' 
 he said , more of an order . 
 she struggled to breathe , but nodded automatically . 
 ` come on . ' 
 he lifted her from the ground and began to lead her out . 
 she resisted , causing him to turn angrily . 
 she croaked , pointing at her mother . 
 there was n't time to argue , he grabbed maranda and drew the two women from the house . 
 cora inhaled deeply as she steamed past the outskirts of rayan , eyes searching , reddened , hopeless . 
 everything was slow . 
 heavy . 
 she swiped almost blindly , her arm sliced , blood pouring out meagrely , as her suffocated yells called her tiny army away . 
 as she ran , she turned back to the village . 
 a large village . 
 a populous and prosperous village . 
 a beautiful village far away from the horrors of the rest of the country . 
 that 's what those people had believed so ignorantly for so long . 
 but not now . 
 before she left , her eyes rested on the flames that rose high from where architect square stood . 
 the citizens ' hall probably made those flames . 
 and those flames filled her mind as she deserted her home . 
 adri struggled to keep maranda on her feet , refusing to engage with her drunken mutterings . 
 he held her in support as they rounded a corner - adri suddenly hit the ground with a thud . 
 leyna screamed at the sight of the huge mataran warrior , standing with a sickly grin before them . 
 he grabbed maranda , pulling her almost off her feet . 
 she gazed up at him drunk , temptingly , and her fingers began to play on his arm . 
 her expression froze , eyes wide , mouth dropped . 
 she plunged limply to the ground , sliding off the bloodied sword of the warrior . 
 ` no - ! ' 
 leyna screamed , dropping on her knees next to her mother , grasping at her now saturated clothes and expressionless face . 
 adri shook himself off , immediately launching at the opponent with such disgust leyna had never seen before . 
 then she looked at her hands . 
 they were covered in her mother 's blood . 
 she vomited . 
 with a roar adri finished off his opponent , and sparing no time he rushed to leyna , lifting her off her feet as he sped away . 
 as they turned another corner in the housing maze two more matarans stalled their passage , but without a moment 's hesitation adri put leyna down , fluidly moved into attack and took the first one out in barely a few swipes . 
 the second warrior proved a little more challenging , but the targuan had iron composure and swung his sword with a deathly cry . 
 his chilling roar echoed as the head thudded onto the ground . 
 it was too much for leyna . 
 she dropped to the ground , white as a sheet as her legs gave in . 
 the headless monster spurted blood in front of her as he eyes remained fixed in shock . 
 adri stared back into the village . 
 the flaming , smoking , ruined rayan . 
 ` it 's over , ' he said , almost to himself . 
 as his eyes dropped to leyna on the ground , his hand reached down to her . 
 ` come on . ' 
 without objection or question , she took it , and he led her away . 
 twenty-seven stalled telena sat in silence , staring widely at the final words of the chapter . 
 with rushed breaths and bulging eyes she reached to turn the page . 
 ` no ! ' 
 aznee yelped . 
 ` do n't you dare . ' 
 ` i have to know - ' she bleated . 
 aznee walked in haste to her . 
 ` have you looked outside ? ' 
 she did , and the sun had faded long ago . 
 ` it 's time we both went home . ' 
 ` but ! ' 
 ` none of those . 
 close it , ' he growled . 
 ` aznee ! ' 
 ` it 's not going anywhere . ' 
 ` but what if the library burns down between now and tomorrow ? ' 
 ` invite curses like that and you 'll never get to know what happens . ' 
 he held out his hand , summoning the book back . 
 ` but that 's why i should read it now . ' 
 ` or not . 
 home . ' 
 sulking telena rose and left the book on the table . 
 she skulked out of the library , looking back with a snide expression . 
 aznee looked down at the page and turned it , reading a little . 
 he smiled , knowing full well it would annoy her . 
 ` aznee ! ' 
 he closed the book . 
 part two greatness is only considered enough if you are the greatest ... one karnatay pounding footsteps flung trails of dirt into the air through the sunny , yet dull streets of karnatay . 
 only a few villagers milled about but the speedy youth managed to crash into just about all of them , their surprised yelps giving the village a vibrancy it never usually had . 
 it was telena running - running for her life . 
 she skidded to a halt as an old woman stepped across her path . 
 it would n't go down well at the library if she 'd managed to remove someone from existence on the way . 
 she attempted to move around the woman , but the old lady would n't let her pass . 
 ` would you like a potion , dear ? ' 
 she croaked . 
 ` something to give you good luck ? 
 or gain the heart of a young man you desire ? ' 
 telena screwed up her face half-laughing , half-trying not to . 
 ` i do n't have a young man . ' 
 the woman stalked closer to her , her straggly hair and wrinkled face so close telena had to lean back . 
 she 'd never seen anyone so old in her life ! 
 ` how about something for power ? ' 
 the woman whispered in her ear . 
 ` i have to go . ' 
 with a swift sidestep telena sped away , laughing herself all the way to the library . 
 she crashed through the door with a thump , aznee leaping up with a cry in the empty room . 
 ` sor - ! ' 
 she did n't quite manage to whisper apologetically , sucking in the air she 'd neglected on the way . 
 ` telena . 
 what are you doing ? ' 
 she found she could n't answer ; she was far too out of breath . 
 ` did you just run from school ? ' 
 she nodded quickly . 
 ` i expect you wanted to get here to continue reading ? ' 
 he guessed correctly . 
 ` ... yes ! ' . 
 ` mmm-hmmm . 
 and i suppose you 've completely ignored your home duties tonight have n't you ? ' 
 her lips made a shape but nothing came out . 
 ` i presumed as much . ' 
 ` but ... but the village , burned ! 
 destroyed . 
 adri , leyna ! 
 murray ! 
 cora ! ' 
 ` alright . 
 go ahead . 
 we 'll work something around the house bores . 
 mother did , of course , say you could read them . ' 
 ` there was no speculative sun or time , ' she chirped as she reached for the first chronicle . 
 being more careful this time round than she had before , she moved to her usual seat and got comfortable . 
 with a breath she opened the book and rolled the pages over . 
 ` da-da-da , murray , leyna , blah blah , arrow flying ... dadada , big battle ... right . 
 rayan . 
 next sun . ' 
 two rayan a sliver of dawn light crossed over the young face , otherwise surrounded in darkness . 
 leyna opened her eyes , squinting , and her first flash of thought was she was late for work . 
 that thought passed quickly as she breathed in the scent of dirt and dust and something else hidden in the stale air . 
 she could see a figure standing not too far away . 
 the sunlight crept across him as he peered through a thin gap in a trapdoor he held open . 
 it was adri , she remembered . 
 they were in a bunker outside the border of rayan . 
 they 'd been there all night . 
 since he rescued her from that man , he took her and her mother ... her mother was dead ... all the blood ... a lump rose in her throat but she swallowed it down . 
 the village was gone . 
 crying would n't help . 
 leyna sat up quietly , tugging her fingers through her hair and focused on the silent figure - her heart flipped . 
 from that angle , that profile , he looked like murray . 
 where is murray ? 
 ` adri ? ' 
 ` shhh , ' he called back . 
 he was staring straight ahead and listening carefully for noises outside . 
 she breathed in a heavy lungful of air , grasping at the thin layer of straw covering the cold earth as it weighed in her chest . 
 she looked around the dark bunker , her sight adjusting gradually in the soft light . 
 ` no-one else came . ' 
 ` you think i have n't noticed ? ' 
 he snapped . 
 outside , in the distance there were shouts , some singing even , a fuss about something . 
 adri closed the trapdoor , but still streams of soft sunlight crept through . 
 ` do you think anyone else escaped ? ' 
 she whispered . 
 ` of course they did , ' he said , matter-of-factly . 
 he started picking at the ground with his sword . 
 ` cora would have got them to the mento . ' 
 ` will murray be at the meeting place ? ' 
 ` he 'll be with her . 
 i told him to find her when it happened . ' 
 he was purposefully avoiding her gaze . 
 ` you knew this would happen ? ' 
 ` of course . ' 
 he 'd known for a long time . 
 she tried to remain quiet , she could hear the annoyance in his voice , but she was clueless . 
 what did she know about battles and wars ? 
 ` do you know where they 'll go ? ' 
 ` cormaro . 
 and we 'll do the same . ' 
 he peered out of the trapdoor again . 
 ` although , i bet premo will expect survivors to do that . 
 no . 
 we 'll follow the river up , then head east for lisser . ' 
 ` lisser ? 
 that 's so far away . ' 
 ` so you have a better idea ? ' 
 of course she did n't . 
 ` we can find sanctuary there . 
 even if they are three tribes of barbarians . ' 
 ` they 're not barbarians , ' she said , unable to curb herself . 
 his eyes moved sharply to her . 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` they have some of the most ... structured cultural rituals in the country . ' 
 she wished she 'd kept her mouth shut . 
 ` oh , really ? ' 
 ` yes . ' 
 ` well , unless those structured rituals can get us out of here without arrows through our hearts , maybe we should just think about getting there first , rather than initiating ourselves with the secret salute to the lords . ' 
 cultural significance ? 
 what in the name of ana was she thinking ? 
 she had nothing to offer this rescue attempt and adri was her only hope of getting away alive . 
 she decided to keep quiet . 
 adri unstrapped his knife from his calf and handed it to her . 
 ` here . 
 i do n't want to have to keep rescuing you . 
 anyone touches you , you stab them , alright ? ' 
 it clearly was n't alright . 
 she 'd never handled a weapon in her life . 
 he saw her hesitance . 
 ` it 's easy . 
 unhook , pull knife out , stab . 
 really hard . 
 worst comes to worst , i 'll take their head off , but it 'll save your life in the first instant . 
 alright ? ' 
 wide-eyed and afraid to turn it down , leyna nodded . 
 adri started rummaging through three piles on the bunker floor . 
 there were pouches , water flasks and cloaks . 
 he picked up two of each and handed a set to leyna . 
 adri pulled on his cloak and tied it tightly . 
 ` it 'll be cold outside . 
 these are our lifelines . 
 do n't lose yours . ' 
 she nodded , hurrying to draw her cloak around her shoulders , the fur lining instantly warming her skin , as adri peered out of the trapdoor again . 
 this time , after a few moments , he lifted it quickly , launching himself onto the soft forest floor . 
 he helped leyna immediately , closed the trapdoor and smothered it in leaves . 
 when she stood she finally saw it . 
 all over her clothes , her fingers , her shoes . 
 she was covered in blood . 
 it had dried in her hair , hardened in the fabric of her clothing . 
 then she saw adri . 
 he was saturated in it . 
 her stomach twisted as she remembered the smell of the night before , when it was fresh . 
 then it made sense . 
 that hidden smell in the bunker was them , from that layer of red grime they wore . 
 she suppressed the need to purge again . 
 adri rubbed his hands together , blowing warm breath into them as he weighed up their options . 
 ` come on , ' he said , tugging her cloak . 
 they both moved off carefully and quietly over the dry fallen leaves , away from the ruined village and the musty smell of smoke and death . 
 so there it was . 
 a thriving village in ruins . 
 the huge conquering party trampled the debris to dust . 
 warriors rooted through the remains looking for booty of whatever kind they could forage . 
 mingling with the ashes were blood spattered swords , dirty armour and muddy loaves of bread . 
 there were single shoes and children 's toys . 
 bodies haphazardly piled nearby . 
 there was no respect there . 
 the arches , rayan 's symbol of openness , were covered in blood . 
 mataran warriors dug around there too . 
 the citizens ' hall was burned to the ground and warriors poked around with their swords as if there would be a great mass of wealth beneath the ruins . 
 then the king himself wandered into view , eyeing the rubble , the still smoking piles of people 's homes , and the endless dead . 
 he stopped , calling loudly to his army . 
 ` i want watch posts set up sun and night , should anyone feel like returning . 
 kurayne ? ' 
 kurayne emerged from a crowd of warriors and approached his king . 
 he bowed sharply . 
 ` your majesty . ' 
 ` i want hunters sent out . 
 fish sometimes slip through the net . 
 i 'm determined to have my fill of this meal . ' 
 adri trod the crunching leaves of the rayan woods carefully . 
 he knew this land , these trees , and he knew where the blind spots were . 
 leyna followed his steps precisely until adri froze and she almost thumped into him . 
 he pulled her behind a tree , a finger on his lips . 
 nearby , a mataran warrior relieved himself with a whistle against a tree . 
 adri motioned for leyna to hand him her knife . 
 she did quickly , terrified , and adri unsheathed it . 
 he snuck up expertly behind the warrior , covered the mataran 's mouth and pulled the blade across his neck neatly and silently . 
 blood spurted out but adri steadily held the warrior tightly on his heavy path to the ground . 
 adri pulled a pouch from the warrior 's waist and rooted in it . 
 it was full of food rations . 
 closing the pouch he shoved it into his own and handed the knife back to leyna . 
 she barely knew what to do with it , the blood dripping from it to the forest floor . 
 she watched it fall , the red splashing in small , simple patterns across the brown leaves . 
 blood . 
 death , again . 
 she pushed down that sick feeling and wiped the knife quickly in the dirt . 
 all she hoped was that they would come to the river and she could wash it clean . 
 wash everything . 
 but she never believed she 'd feel clean again . 
 adri had moved on and given her a sharp look to keep up . 
 three the eastern woods in the eastern woods , deep in the trees , another troupe of survivors made its way , as speedily as possible , from the village . 
 most were adults , but there were some children , tear tracks still fresh on their dirty cheeks and they trundled fearfully behind the leading warriors . 
 they all carried bunker pouches , flasks and were wrapped in cloaks . 
 twelve home warriors had made it out this side in all . 
 cora and kertia hung close by each other at the front , discussing the best course to take and the best place to head to . 
 partreek was unrolling a cloth map by imarko 's side , swiftly explaining the situation to him . 
 ` there are twelve of us left , we have thirty-two citizens , and we have a long way to go , whichever direction we choose . ' 
 imarko pointed to the metts on the map and followed it with his finger . 
 ` he 'll send hunters . 
 split into two groups we can head south for cormaro and east for targu and get help . ' 
 ` i think we should all stay together . 
 forty-four is not an easy amount to capture for a few hunters . ' 
 ` the matarans will head for cormaro first , ' cora interjected . 
 ` then they 'll take the cormaron fleet straight past the flood plains but not into gofel waters . 
 they 'll follow the metts to targu . ' 
 ` how can you be so sure ? ' 
 kertia asked . 
 cora rubbed her shoulder . 
 whether it was the battle the night before or her general pains she could n't be sure . 
 ` laziness . 
 or impatience . 
 probably both . 
 remember gofel is protected by vano 's warlock . 
 premo is arrogant , but probably not stupid enough to attack . 
 yet , anyway . ' 
 ` so we head for targu , ' imarko decided . 
 ` and then assess the situation ? ' 
 partreek concluded . 
 imarko nodded in agreement and called to the warriors . 
 ` keep any more decisions to the moment and no further . ' 
 suddenly bows were aimed at the trees to the north of them . 
 the heads all put hands to their weapons . 
 but it was no enemy . 
 it was murray , who held a young boy in his arms and was followed closely by a woman . 
 ` murray ? ' 
 cora whispered with relief . 
 they 'd waited as long as they could at the mento , longer than they 'd agreed , before having to start moving . 
 she was positive murray and adri would be able to catch them up . 
 but there was no adri in sight . 
 murray passed the child to the woman as cora rushed to him and pulled him close . 
 she could n't fathom why murray gripped a kura in his hands . 
 ` we 're alright , ' he said , a little coldly . 
 ` were you followed ? ' 
 imarko enquired , his gaze darting about behind them . 
 ` no . 
 not yet . ' 
 ` were you the last ? ' 
 cora began to check him for injuries , almost disbelieving the sight before her . 
 ` that i saw , yes . 
 there was a man ... he did n't make it . 
 it 's alright , i 'm fine , cora , i 'm fine . ' 
 imarko changed the subject . 
 it was no time for long reunions . 
 ` do we know how much food and water we are carrying ? ' 
 ` it 's low , ' kertia replied with certainty . 
 ` we stay near the river it wo n't be a huge problem . ' 
 murray wandered towards the head warriors with cora . 
 ` where are we going ? ' 
 imarko took a breath and began to pick up the pace . 
 ` we head for targu . ' 
 the very name wiped murray 's expression blank . 
 four rayan a charred wooden box , intact but unopened , fell to the floor . 
 a sword sliced it brutally in two . 
 hilta , a mataran master , fiddled about with the contents inside . 
 there was nothing much . 
 some paper - letters maybe - a few rings and other plain jewellery . 
 shining underneath was a small pendant on a chain . 
 it looked expensive . 
 hilta nodded in satisfaction and pushed it into her pouch . 
 she kicked about the ground , smiling contentedly as she saw the dull glint of weapons beneath the rubble . 
 the sun glowed mildly in the sky , slave to the oncoming cold season and the clouds that began to set in . 
 hilta wandered out of the home warrior apartments , those new weapons in her hands , and trotted down what used to be steps , eyeing the ground for more goodies . 
 premo was mounted in the former arena addressing four groups of two mounted hunters . 
 kurayne stood quietly nearby , still and subordinate . 
 premo motioned to each group as he gave their orders . 
 ` directions : you north , you west , you towards lisser , and you towards vano . 
 i 'll leave a post here to protect my investment , and i will head for cormaro with the rest of the army . 
 kurayne , assign watch duties over rayan and gather the men . 
 this is n't over yet . ' 
 a vile smirk hitched on premo 's face . 
 ` dead or alive , be quick on your way back . 
 it would n't be fair if some were left out . 
 and i 'm a huge admirer of the hunt . ' 
 with a cheer that was so sincere it sickened kurayne , though not visibly , the hunters kick-started their horses and sped off . 
 premo looked down to his right-hand . 
 ` kurayne . 
 do we have any idea of numbers yet ? 
 how many should we be expecting back ? ' 
 ` it 's likely fewer than a hundred escaped , sire . ' 
 premo looked over at the still standing arches of rayan , visible through the collapsed section of the apartments . 
 his eyes held death . 
 ` and how many could those arches accommodate ? ' 
 kurayne held back something on the edge of his tongue . 
 he replied instead : ` all of them i 'd expect . ' 
 adri marched through the forest , kicking logs , ripping leaves and completely ignoring his companion . 
 he had tried and tried to conceal his fury but had failed miserably . 
 perhaps only because murray had requested he save leyna 's life he kept it at boiling point inside rather than let it out . 
 then , he froze . 
 he listened carefully , holding his hand out to leyna to halt her movement . 
 she stalled , expecting some kind of attack , and waited for orders . 
 then adri sped off to the right . 
 leyna instantly followed him . 
 suddenly they 'd burst from the edge of the wood and were staring straight at the gleaming , flowing , and somehow even more beautiful metts river . 
 adri knelt on the bank and reached in , scooping up water , guzzling it hungrily . 
 leyna followed suit , sipping in water persistently , having not realised how thirsty she was . 
 then she paused , catching her reflection in the water . 
 there was a sad , tired girl , with no idea what had happened or how , and with her life in the hands of someone who could n't give a damn about her . 
 a fish bit at the surface and spoiled the image . 
 ` fill it up , ' adri said suddenly . 
 she turned to him briskly and he was dunking his water flask in the river . 
 ` murray told me you fish at night sometimes , ' leyna said quietly to him , feeling the coolness of the water around her hand , the sharpness of the oncoming cold , as she let the water pour into her flask . 
 ` used to , ' adri corrected . 
 she closed the flask and drew the knife from its sheath . 
 ` do you like the river ? ' 
 she dunked the blade in a watched as the partially dried blood and dirt began to dissolve . 
 she used the grass to scrub the thicker lumps away . 
 ` not particularly . ' 
 the next sentence was out of his mouth before he could think twice . 
 ` some people like it a little too much . ' 
 leyna looked at him curiously with no idea what he meant . 
 she stood up ; the knife was as clean as she could get it . 
 adri had already begun to move upriver , but back towards the forest . 
 ` we 'll keep the river in earshot , ' he said , anticipating her next question . 
 leyna stood for a moment looking downriver . 
 back towards the only home she 'd ever known . 
 adri was n't so patient . 
 ` they 'll send someone to search for survivors . 
 do you want to get caught ? ' 
 ` will you at least tell me where we 're going now ? ' 
 she blurted , a little more confidently than either expected . 
 ` we 'll follow the river path until we 're near mount sallv , ' he said pointing the way . 
 ` why are we going there ? ' 
 ` the best path to lisser is from there . ' 
 leyna 's mind drifted back to the other survivors . 
 the other warriors would already have made plans for this , she expected . 
 they 'd have decided which place would be safest long ago . 
 lisser must have been the best choice ; it was a city full of war tribes . 
 the mataran army would never find them there . 
 ` will murray and cora go to lisser ? ' 
 adri turned on his heel , shooting towards her in a rage . 
 ` i do n't know , alright ? 
 we 're not going to get anywhere with you questioning every move i make . 
 just let me lead us . 
 i ca n't do anything more than that right now . ' 
 he stormed away . 
 leyna felt a sudden rush of tears rise from within her . 
 she breathed deeply , feeling her eyes burn . 
 no , she scolded herself . 
 she would not let this contemptuous man cause her to break . 
 she would do as she was told but only because he was her best chance of finding murray . 
 then she 'd never have to speak to him again . 
 five matara keno 's office in the palace was modest in size , but the information that cluttered the room would never fit on the shelves it housed . 
 no doubt it had been gathered from every other room in the palace , and the library , and the civilian quarters and strewn about in his maniacal attempt to fix this mess that premo had caused . 
 the minister yawned at his desk , his eyelids drooping heavily , and he subconsciously rested his head in his arms . 
 he began to drift off , badly in need of a good sleep . 
 then abruptly he sat back up , breathing deeply , forcing himself back to the reality that he had lived for so long . 
 he stood up , stretching the tiredness from his bones , and rubbed his face , gazing out of the window . 
 it was still there . 
 the derelict housing , dirty streets , dying people - he sat back down , forced himself back into reading . 
 the door was knocked , gently . 
 ` come in , ' keno yawned . 
 it was dommaris who hobbled into the room with an expectant look . 
 ` i knew you would n't be asleep . ' 
 ` i ca n't sleep . 
 i have to stay awake and find a way out of this . ' 
 ` and your health ? ' 
 he reasoned , sitting on the opposite chair . 
 keno avoided dommaris ' gaze . 
 ` is of no concern at the moment . ' 
 ` well it matters to me . 
 you have promised those people your help . 
 your ability is doubtless , but will be non-existent if you continue to wear yourself down like this . ' 
 keno slammed his hand against the book before him . 
 ` what more can i do ? 
 there 's no-one else . ' 
 dommaris pushed himself , with some effort , from the chair . 
 ` well i may be old , keno , but i am neither impaired nor indolent . 
 move aside . 
 move , move . ' 
 he ushered keno from the chair and sat himself in his place . 
 keno did as he was told , mildly shocked at the old man . 
 ` inform me of your work and then you will get some sleep . ' 
 ` dommaris ... ' keno sighed . 
 ` shush , ' dommaris said , bracing himself . 
 after a moment he looked back at keno . 
 ` well ? 
 what are we looking for ? ' 
 six rayan the eight hooves of two horses pounded relentlessly against the dusty ground . 
 hot air forced its way from those massive nostrils into the chilly air and the riders pulled to a halt . 
 the mataran hunters looked to each other as they stood at the metts river bridge . 
 the leading hunter nodded right and silently the other agreed . 
 they took different directions , on the east and west side of the metts , the one on the right hammered across the ramshackle bridge and the other disappeared into the forest . 
 seven the eastern woods imarko 's group moved fast , but cautiously along the riverbank . 
 himself , kertia and partreek were still in the lead , discussing tactics , necessity and rations . 
 many of the children , most orphaned , were being carried by adults who were n't in their families . 
 the tears had long stopped as exhaustion forced sleep upon them . 
 cora and murray were at the back of the group , a good distance behind and moving slower than their comrades . 
 there had been silence between them for a good while before , both trying to come to terms with the impossible situation . 
 cora broke it . 
 ` are you alright ? ' 
 ` yeah , ' he replied , a little too quickly , having to then correct himself . 
 ` no . 
 what if they 're dead ? ' 
 ` they ? ' 
 ` adri and leyna . ' 
 it had n't crossed her mind about leyna 's situation in particular . 
 she barely knew her , why should it ? 
 ` i told her she should talk to her mother . 
 why did n't i just go myself to find her ? ' 
 ` what do you mean ? ' 
 ` adri went . 
 he would n't let me . ' 
 cora sighed in sudden understanding as to why adri was n't there with them . 
 ` what if he was too late ? 
 what if he 's dead , cora ? 
 what are you going to do ? ' 
 ` i do n't know yet . ' 
 he must still be alive ... ` but for now we 're going to targu . 
 to safety . 
 for the little time there is left . ' 
 they looked deeply at each other and murray curled his arms around her . 
 ` i 'm sorry . 
 i just do n't ... what if they 're both gone ? ' 
 cora moved back , straightening murray 's sad , slouched figure into a strong one . 
 ` not to present any disrespect to our lost citizens , but , you know how stubborn your brother is . 
 i 'm sure he made it . ' 
 he began to walk on , cora moving beside him . 
 ` even if he did , maybe he did n't reach her in time . ' 
 ` she really means a lot to you . ' 
 ` there 's something about her . 
 the first time we met i saw her standing at the arches , just looking at them - no-one does that anymore . 
 and she just does n't see how talented she is and how much she has to offer . ' 
 he forced himself to stop , tightening his fingers round the arm of the kura , desperately holding on to his composure . 
 ` the irony of my life would be that i 'd find the perfect girl for me , and she would n't feel the same . ' 
 ` how could she not feel the same ? ' 
 his heart wanted to hear it but his mind would n't allow it . 
 ` they 're still out there . 
 you hold that belief , we 'll meet them again . ' 
 he breathed a heavy sigh . 
 ` look at me . 
 lamenting on my emotions and we 've just lost everything . ' 
 cora brushed his arm softly , with a smile of gratefulness , rather than happiness . 
 ` we have n't lost everything . ' 
 his glance fell on the small troupe of survivors ahead . 
 ` what about them ? ' 
 cora followed his gaze , and was about to give a reply , but thought twice about it . 
 eight mount sallv path the light was fading fast . 
 the shorter turns had already begun to nip away at the sunlight and soon it would be darker for longer as hansheca stole the light from the sun to tempt prenitians into darkness . 
 adri soldiered on in silence as leyna had become used to . 
 she , however , looked worse for wear , lagging dangerously far behind . 
 adri glanced over his shoulder , walked on , glanced back again . 
 with an almost childish impatience he stopped . 
 ` you really want to be caught , do n't you ? ' 
 he called back to her . 
 ` i 'm tired . ' 
 ` there 's no time for tiredness , ' he said as he examined their way across the river . 
 in the huge gap between them and the other side were various flat rocks embedded deep in the riverbed , the water pounding around them . 
 adri looked to the sky . 
 ` we have to cross this river before dark . ' 
 he rummaged in his pouch , an annoyed look on his face . 
 ` hefuna , ' he swore in targuan . 
 ` no rope . 
 right , i 'll go first . 
 just follow me , i 'll find the safest way . ' 
 without even a second thought , adri started off for the river . 
 he looked over a possible route carefully but quickly and took the first step . 
 after moving a little further in he turned back to leyna who was still standing frozen on the riverbank . 
 ` come on then , ' he ordered . 
 that 's easy for you to say . 
 leyna 's eyes were wide and cautious , how was she ever going to make it across ? 
 she tried methodically to follow his path , fearful of the water gushing around them both . 
 she carefully placed one foot after the other on the wet rock ... she screamed and landed hard against the stone , breath sharp , eyes on the river , her grip useless but tight nonetheless . 
 adri turned to see her grasping with panicked breaths to the slippery stone . 
 his voice dropped to a soft encouragement , it was no time for curtness . 
 ` just ... take it easy . ' 
 leyna forced herself back to her feet , desperately trying to recall his footing . 
 as adri jumped off on the other side he cooed her gently forward . 
 she seemed to remember his route ; that was good . 
 as she neared the other side her eyes lifted to see adri ahead , and her expression exploded with surprise - ` adri ! ' 
 adri drew his sword and spun round just in time stop a deadly blow from a mataran tracker . 
 their swords remained locked until adri gave him a shove and spun out of the way . 
 leyna moved faster towards the other side . 
 she had no idea what she 'd do when she got there , but she had a knife , she could try to help . 
 adri ducked and dived from the enormous foe , keeping an eye on leyna at the same time . 
 he saw her moving faster and less carefully between the rocks , her eyes directed at him . 
 ` ley - ' he blocked a heavy swipe just as she leapt to the next rock . 
 with a yelp she hit the stone hard and he heard her scream and the splash as she fell into the river . 
 adri cleared a space between himself and his foe , his eyes searching for leyna , the river pounding . 
 ` leyna ! ' 
 there was nothing . 
 he had no choice but to fight . 
 the hunter was strong , but not fully trained in sword combat . 
 for the average villager , he 'd have no trouble - adri was n't so forgiving . 
 suddenly adri half-turned one way and then slipped back the other , moving sharply behind the foe , grasping his neck and slitting his throat . 
 a simple move ; over in a couple of spans , but adri was n't about to cheer his victory . 
 he sped to the river , screening it up and down , trying to find his unexpected ward who had vanished moments ago into the dark water . 
 ` leyna ! 
 leyna ! ' 
 from the rocks the river had sped away quickly and she would have been taken down fast . 
 no-one could survive that . 
 no-one . 
 he would have to head downriver to find her body . 
 he would have to bury her . 
 then he would have to tell his brother that he had done everything he could , knowing that murray would never believe him . 
 why did n't she just take more care ? 
 why did n't she just wait ? 
 what did murray see in this girl that was worth so much frustration ? 
 he slammed his fist into the tree , screaming loudly in pain as it hit the rugged bark . 
 he thumped it again , roaring in agony . 
 then he fell against it , slipping to the ground in a fit of rage and tears . 
 he held his hand in pain and cursed himself for his idiocy . 
 nine matara the soft scribble of a pencil wafted gently in the room . 
 dommaris moved the stick lightly on the paper before him . 
 over on the long couch near the bookshelf keno stirred . 
 as he realised where he was he shot up . 
 ` how long have i been sleeping ? ' 
 his gaze fell to the window . 
 ` it 's night ! 
 how could you let me lie so long ? ' 
 ` because you needed it , ' dommaris replied calmly , not playing the game . 
 ` i nearly missed the whole sun . ' 
 the old man 's eyes met the messy person 's before him . 
 ` and what would you have done with your sun , keno ? 
 tortured yourself with more guilt over what 's happening here ? ' 
 ` happened , dommaris , ' he said , annoyed . 
 ` things that have happened mean they are over . 
 this devastation is still in process , there is still hope for restoration . 
 but only if you treat yourself with respect . ' 
 ` if they suffer , then so shall i , ' keno replied ignorantly . 
 ` they do n't want you to suffer their fate . 
 you are their strength ; you hold their hope , their freedom . ' 
 keno was n't so sure . 
 he wandered over to the window , watching the faint lights from burning fires flicker in the mataran darkness . 
 ` then their hope is weak , ' was the flippant reply . 
 ` how dare you speak of yourself like that , ' dommaris boomed . 
 in all the tanes keno had known him this man had never raised his voice . 
 ever . 
 it made him listen . 
 ` how dare you insult my teaching , my training of someone who was born for this duty . 
 you will not give up on these people because their rights were stolen by some common thief . 
 you will not succumb to this threat . ' 
 keno turned slowly to dommaris , silenced by his stupid feelings of self-pity . 
 ` now , i am going to collect my rations . 
 i know you will not join me , so i will have yours sent to your room . 
 i hope what i 've left you is useful . ' 
 dommaris exited with a sharp look at the young man . 
 keno was being careless and he knew it . 
 he picked up the parchment from the desk , running his eyes down it . 
 it was good work ; dommaris may have hit on something . 
 he examined it , briefly glancing out the window . 
 then his attention moved back to the window solidly , and to the figure heading into the civilian quarter . 
 it was lorosa . 
 ` where are you going ... ? ' 
 keno watched the necromancer with intrigue as he disappeared through the archway . 
 the cupboard in yesmi 's storeroom was amass with hundreds of bottles , full of different coloured liquids and powders , different sizes , different shapes , strange words on the labels . 
 no wonder one had to train to understand it all . 
 keno pulled the paper with dommaris ' scribbles on it from inside his clothing . 
 he matched the words to a bottle within . 
 pulling the lid off he sniffed it and grimaced . 
 the smell matched the description . 
 he gathered a few more then shut the cupboard . 
 scanning the room and deciding his next move , he tucked the bottles into his clothing . 
 the room was heavily draped and gloriously coloured ; it was stocked full of supplies that had arrived over many tanes from various cities - even the empire - and delivered before the trade route collapsed . 
 the ones that came after yesmi was imprisoned were the ones that were piled not-so-neatly and completely unopened . 
 she 'd tidy it when she got out , keno assured himself with a glimmer of hope , missing her voice on the air , missing her eyes watching him sweetly . 
 he took a breath , shook himself free of the memories . 
 his focus fell on a large chest in the corner as he tried to remember where he 'd seen some particular supplies . 
 he moved to it quickly , aware that lorosa had eyes and ears all over the place . 
 keno was never sure who they belonged to . 
 subtlety was key . 
 inside the chest was a collection of strangely shaped glass ornaments . 
 he checked his parchment again , a small picture next to the description , and he matched it to a glass diamond and sphere . 
 carefully wrapping them in pieces of cloth he tucked them away and got up to leave . 
 he paused . 
 on the other side of the room were two heavy black drapes . 
 with a slow breath keno headed to them and drew them apart . 
 behind the drapes was yesmi 's shrine to anatersa . 
 as he passed through the curtains - a faint aroma of yesmi 's scent grasping his senses - the candles within burst into life . 
 it did n't surprise him ; it had always been that way . 
 the shrine was simple , and in that simplicity thoroughly beautiful . 
 he looked up to an idol taking pride of place . 
 anatersa . 
 keno knelt down . 
 ` dommaris has told me i must succeed . 
 but how can i do this alone ? ' 
 ten mount sallv path it was n't the calling of the birds or the flow of the river , but the intensity of a dream that forced adri awake with a start . 
 he felt murray 's name cry from his lips as his mind was pulled back into the forest . 
 it did n't take long until he remembered what had happened . 
 he shot up and rushed to the river , peering along it eagerly . 
 he had spent a good amount of time in the darkness the night before following the river and searching for leyna 's body . 
 he 'd found the horse that belonged to the hunter and tied it up tightly so he could search more quickly in the morning . 
 he rushed back to the animal , mounted , and began his search in the light , half-hoping that he did n't find her body . 
 because he wanted her alive . 
 leyna walked silently , expressionless , through the forest with her cloak tightly around her shoulders , recalling adri 's warning about losing it . 
 she listened . 
 the sound of the river drew her towards it in her daze . 
 subconsciously she checked her haul : pouch , two water flasks , two extra cloaks , knife . 
 there ahead the river came into view . 
 shaking her water flasks she noticed their emptiness , so she wandered towards the river to fill them up . 
 as her hand reached into the water , its coolness sparking something familiar , she noticed her reflection . 
 she did n't look so tired , but she looked a little strange . 
 something about her whole demeanour had changed . 
 ` leyna ? ' 
 adri whispered to himself as he saw the young woman leaning over the bank . 
 he started the horse and cantered over . 
 ` leyna ... leyna ! 
 you 're alive , how are you alive ? ' 
 leaping from the animal , grasping her shoulders , he stared into her eyes . 
 it was her . 
 but she looked at him curiously . 
 ` i thought you were dead . ' 
 it sounded like he cared . 
 whatever daze she was in she snapped out of it . 
 ` adri ? 
 i do n't know . ' 
 ` where were you ? 
 did someone help you ? ' 
 ` i do n't think so , ' she said , staring back into the forest . 
 she could n't remember . 
 he grabbed the cloaks in her arms . 
 they were well made , thicker and longer than the ones they 'd brought from rayan . 
 ` where did you get those ? ' 
 ` i do n't remember ... ' she replied softly , shaking her head . 
 why could n't she remember ? 
 ` you fall into the river , completely disappear and return alive and bone-dry in the morning and you ca n't remember how ! ' 
 ` i do n't know what happened ! ' 
 she screamed at him so loudly it made him step back . 
 ` i do n't know who gave me these ! 
 it 's not my fault , you made us cross the river , you left me behind - why do you hate me ? ' 
 something within him snapped back as the frightened birds in the trees flew away with the echo of her voice . 
 as if the grip of rayan 's destruction had been forced from his mind and his clarity has regained control . 
 he stepped back , in confusion , reaching out for something to lean against . 
 his hand hit a tree and his legs gave up on him , sending him to the ground . 
 ` i do n't know what 's wrong with me . ' 
 long moments of silence passed . 
 leyna stood still , not wanting to talk to him , but finding it hard not to pity him . 
 she noticed his bloodied hands , dried and raw . 
 they 'd get infected if he left them . 
 she walked to the river and grabbed a handful of weed from the bank , returning to him . 
 pulling the old cloak from her shoulders and the knife from its sheath , she sliced off a marginally clean piece , then opening her flask she moistened the material and dabbed adri 's knuckles . 
 he noticed her specific regime , recognising it from the healing manual in the rayan library that all warriors are taught . 
 ` cepa weed . 
 base for all healing mixes . 
 you know your stuff . ' 
 leyna crushed the weed between her fingers . 
 ` the other warrior ... ? ' 
 ` he was out of the game before this . 
 i was angry , ' he said almost a whisper , his shame now beginning to surface . 
 ` i 'm sorry . ' 
 she rubbed the cepa onto his knuckles . 
 his fingers tingled , sending a shiver through him . 
 he suddenly wanted to tell her so badly that he was an idiot , and ignorant , pathetic , angry idiot who had lost more than she knew . 
 he needed to keep himself together ; there was still a long way to go . 
 ` it 's not you . 
 it was just everything else . 
 sometimes i just felt like grabbing cora and fleeing . 
 other times i looked around and just thought how good it would be to see things change . 
 now , it wo n't ever happen . 
 not in the way i 'd hoped . ' 
 leyna could n't believe her ears . 
 this man who had given her so much grief , who had looked down on her for no good reason had just resonated her own feelings back to her . 
 she was angry , but she could n't bring herself to hate him merely for expressing something she too felt . 
 ` i hated it there , ' she told him , wiping the larger remnants of weed from his hands leaving a green smear that would kill an infection . 
 ` everything that ever went wrong in my life happened there . 
 i used to wish so hard sometimes that something would change so i could leave . 
 i never realised , i had nowhere else to go . ' 
 she picked one of the cloaks and handed it to adri . 
 ` i think , maybe , whoever saved my life sent me back to you . 
 and they wanted us alive . ' 
 he nodded in agreement . 
 they may now have allies in this , as well as in each other . 
 ` well , let 's give them what they want then . ' 
 eleven the eastern woods along the path of the metts river , the south side , on the road to targu , a mataran hunter rode swiftly along . 
 the forest was silent . 
 the riverbank was silent . 
 it could almost have been as if everything that had happened was a dream . 
 the hunter stopped , dismounted from his horse and wandered to the riverbank , uncapping his water flask . 
 he knelt down and leaned forward to fill it up . 
 but something curious captured his eye nearby . 
 something was on the bank . 
 he got up slowly , walking over ; it was a sword and shield , just sitting there , covered in river grass . 
 then an almighty splash from the river , hands clasped onto his shoulders and he was pulled down into the water . 
 after some long , tense moments kertia emerged from the water , alone , and climbed onto the riverbank , the body of the tracker bobbing to the surface . 
 as kertia pulled himself out he heard the swipe before he saw the sword . 
 the hunter 's companion thundered past on his steed , his sword narrowly missing kertia 's head - kertia rolled to the side , grabbing his own sword from where he 'd left it , ready for the next onslaught . 
 the hunter turned on his horse and sped back ; kertia dodged his attack and grabbed the hunter 's clothes tightly , launching him from his horse and slamming him to the ground . 
 from the woods , cora , imarko and partreek advanced towards kertia and his foe , calming the horse and taking the bow and arrows strapped to the saddle . 
 the other warriors with bows drew them ready , the ones with swords waited , hands on hilts . 
 the villagers were hidden behind in the trees , all watching tensely and hoping with everything they had that the victor would be on their side . 
 kertia was a far better fighter than the hunter , sneaking hits here and there and pushing him off balance . 
 but as he swung an impressive blow towards kertia an arrow thudded into his calf and with a loud groan the hunter dropped to his knee . 
 kertia 's sword was at his throat before he could speak . 
 ` go , ' kertia ordered fiercely . 
 ` go back to your lord and tell him he failed . 
 there are still those of us willing to fight . 
 we 'll have our swords ready . ' 
 they let the hunter go . 
 he broke the arrow in his leg and dragged himself onto his horse in immense pain . 
 moments later he was gone . 
 kertia had won the battle but he did n't look happy . 
 ` that was too easy . ' 
 cora approached her friend and handed him his shield . 
 ` he was a scout . 
 they both were . 
 matara trained its hunters to find the missing or search for trespassers . 
 now it seems they 're used to hunt survivors . ' 
 she examined the arrow from the hunter 's pack . 
 ` poisoned . ' 
 kertia took the arrow and scanned it quickly . 
 ` what is that , deris oil ? 
 you 'd be dead before you could say fai ana . ' 
 imarko agreed . 
 ` he would have taken any of one us back to premo along with our location and then the next wave would be sent out to gather us up . ' 
 kertia eyed the river with interest . 
 ` we should cross the river soon then . 
 if we misjudged premo 's decision that other one might just bring the whole army back with him . ' 
 twelve matara yesmi sat silently on the floor deep in meditation . 
 it was how she passed many a sun over the tanes and how she balanced her energies enough to protect herself from lorosa 's prison . 
 keno entered quietly and stopped when he saw her . 
 for a few moments he just gazed upon her face . 
 she seemed so calm and so distant to what was happening , he almost did n't want to disturb her . 
 too late . 
 she opened her eyes . 
 ` it 's alright . 
 come in , ' she smiled . 
 ` i just wanted to ask you something , ' he said moving closer and lowering his voice . 
 ` i have to apologise , i raided your storage . ' 
 a curious smirk rose on her face . 
 ` why ? 
 ` i 've been reading up on reactive potions , power stones , things like that . 
 very basic , of course . ' 
 ` you still surprise me , ' she said with a seduction in her voice that made him almost forget his point . 
 ` if we hid some of them around the palace , you 'll be able to ... sense which ones are there ? ' 
 ` out of here , of course . ' 
 what was he planning ? 
 ` would lorosa ? ' 
 it began to dawn on her . 
 ` only if he knew what he were looking for . ' 
 ` good . ' 
 he nodded to himself , his plan seeming to come together nicely . 
 he stepped towards her , his expression softening somewhat and stopped very near the imprisoning force . 
 ` are you alright ? ' 
 she asked quietly . 
 he did n't answer straight away . 
 he just gazed into her eyes with a saddened look on his face . 
 ` i just wanted to see you . ' 
 she moved even closer to the edge of the prison . 
 the thin , almost invisible barrier could n't be seen at that moment . 
 their breathing began to quicken , very slightly , but enough to ignite that arousal they had shared for so many tanes . 
 inside they both hoped that perhaps , maybe , it had just disappeared for now . 
 that they could reach through and it would just be air . 
 that their fingers would meet again , at long last , and that tingle that they felt between them would become touch . 
 ` it wo n't be long , ' keno whispered , forcing them back to the present . 
 he could n't take much more of this . 
 with a quick smile he turned and headed from the room . 
 ` lorosa is no ala level magician , keno . 
 he is very , very strong . 
 i do n't know how he 's keeping his power up . 
 i - just - do n't place all your hope on me . ' 
 ` i would never burden you like that , ' he assured her . 
 as keno left the imprisonment room he took out a bottle from his clothing and hid it behind a decoration in the wall . 
 he continued on his way . 
 thirteen rayan despite the destruction they had caused on the helpless village far away from their home , the mataran army was still an awe-inspiring sight . 
 the enormous war horses , the well-made leather and steel armour , the strength that exuded from their frightful leader . 
 no wonder they had a reputation for excellence . 
 but they were mounted now outside the ruins , to move onwards from rayan , premo at the head with kurayne and his other masters at his side . 
 as premo kicked his horse to move , and kurayne gave the ` follow ' signal , a powerful thundering vibrated through the ground , and one would have expected it to have moved through the earth all the way to cormaro , warning them to get out while they could . 
 as premo 's eyes were fixed ahead , a foot soldier moved closer to kurayne . 
 the master reached down and the soldier took something from his hand . 
 kurayne 's eyes met tyan 's briefly in a knowing look , as the squire walked on his other side . 
 the soldier gradually slowed his pace until he had moved all the way to the back of the troupe . 
 he slipped out the rear of the army neatly , a small , sealed note in hand , and rushed off back to rayan . 
 there would be a horse waiting for him , an express animal , and he was to ride with minimal breaks all the way back to matara . 
 there that note would be put into the hands of minister keno , the only one who could be trusted . 
 fourteen mount sallv path adri and leyna had travelled a good way up the riverbank on the hunter 's horse and had been moving for a long while . 
 leyna tried to stretch whilst seated behind adri on the saddle but it was n't working . 
 adri could feel her fidgeting . 
 ` you want to walk a while ? ' 
 ` please , ' she replied , and he took her arm strongly and lowered her down . 
 ` it 's so quiet here , ' she felt compelled to tell him in a whisper . 
 ` it 's always been that way , as far as i know . ' 
 he dropped from the saddle and took the reins in his hand . 
 ` unnerving is n't it ? ' 
 leyna walked and extended her arms out into a deep , relieving stretch . 
 it felt really good to be standing on two feet again . 
 ` do you think we 'd be running if we 'd had all those defences ? ' 
 ` i doubt we 'd be alone , ' he said , gazing up at the pretty rays of light peeking through the canopy of the forest . 
 ` odds are maybe twenty , thirty people survived . 
 probably not even that . 
 from what i 've heard , the mataran army generally aims for no survivors . 
 we 're lucky . ' 
 ` why do n't the big cities help ? ' 
 ` they have no need to . 
 vano , aader , lisser , none of them care about insignificant little villages . ' 
 leyna thought she heard a hint of bitterness in his voice . 
 ` but if lisser does n't care , why are we going ? ' 
 ` like i said before , even barbarians have sanctuary . ' 
 she smirked . 
 he had that same spark in his eyes as murray did when he was teasing her . 
 ` they 're honestly not barbarians . ' 
 ` have you met them ? ' 
 he asked , knowing the answer . 
 ` have you ? ' 
 he was impressed by her diplomacy , but gave her no answer . 
 ` they 're the only people in prenitia that still sincerely celebrate mahrken . 
 well , from what i 've read . ' 
 ` worshipping the season of death only shows me what they 're thinking of most of the time . ' 
 ` they worship how sacred life is and how we should honour the fact that it can be removed so easily . ' 
 adri laughed ; the sound cascaded through the trees so vibrantly they both froze for a moment , hoping they were n't still being tracked . 
 there was nothing . 
 adri was enjoying the debate - it was n't often anyone he met gave him a run like this . 
 ` they are all war tribes . 
 the lord of kisera kills people himself for practically no reason . 
 and the tribespeople kill each other in big bloody melees . ' 
 ` that 's a ceremony called the rise of the lord , the nesa kettar . 
 where they choose a new leader . ' 
 ` by killing off the competition ? ' 
 she looked at him sincerely . 
 ` would n't you want someone who was willing to die for you to take the lead ? ' 
 her eyes held so much , adri thought , she never stopped thinking . 
 ` but also willing to condemn to death those that are disloyal to his brainwashing . ' 
 ` those who betray . ' 
 adri laughed more softly then , confusing her . 
 ` did i say something funny ? ' 
 he shook his head , reassuring her sudden self-consciousness . 
 ` no . 
 you just seem to have a positive outlook on everything around you , even the most murderous of people . ' 
 he glanced sidelong at her , examining her expression quickly . 
 ` just not yourself . ' 
 a wave of guilt flushed through him . 
 with the way he had treated her , was that a surprise ? 
 ` i can see why he likes you . ' 
 ` who ? ' 
 she said , genuinely ignorant . 
 but adri walked onwards , smiling lightly to himself , breathing deeply the thick , clean forest air . 
 who did he mean ? 
 sortare , perhaps ? 
 he had been like a father to her , taking her future in his own hands and giving her something to hope for . 
 sortare . 
 where was he ? 
 did he make it , she wondered ? 
 he had put his own reputation on the line for her - or at least that 's how she saw it . 
 ` adri ? ' 
 ` hmm ? ' 
 ` why did you bring me with you ? 
 you did n't like me , why did you save my life ? ' 
 he almost told the truth . 
 he almost let it out , but he did n't . 
 right now , pondering on what would , could or may be was not what he wanted her to be distracted by . 
 ` because i 'm a warrior . 
 i protect . ' 
 he glanced over to her as she wandered in silence a little way from him . 
 ` are you tired , did you want to stop for a while ? ' 
 but she shook her head with a sweet smile . 
 ` no . 
 but i 'm really hungry . ' 
 ` let 's see if we ca n't find ourselves supper , then . ' 
 they both carried on , immersed in their own private thoughts . 
 fifteen the eastern woods a rope hung tightly straight over the river , with kertia holding one end and cora the other . 
 assisted by the warriors each and every one of the rayan citizens dropped into the river , their fingers gripping the rope firmly , and they pulled themselves across . 
 as they reached the other side imarko and partreek reached down and raised them out . 
 it took a good while , and the light waned as they moved , but it was n't until the last little girl was lifted from the water that cora dropped in , holding her sword high as she waded over to kertia . 
 she reached out to him and he raised her almost effortlessly from the metts . 
 they all moved on until all the light had faded , mostly to keep warm in the low sun to dry their clothes . 
 finally they stopped , exhausted and just about dry . 
 imarko raised a fire and some of the children threw in dry wood that they had gathered on the walk . 
 eventually it was hot enough and the survivors sat around it , drawing in its warmth . 
 children curled in the arms of the adults , the warriors all stationed nearby , still attentive , taking turns on lookout . 
 cora , kertia and imarko rested at the edge of the gathering , discussing tactics and the next move . 
 ` we 'll get as much rest as possible before sunrise . ' 
 ` i agree , ' kertia said with a sigh . 
 it was rare he lacked energy , but under the circumstances understandable . 
 cora had been watching the villagers . 
 she saw murray handing over the kura to a woman , eurava , who stood near the fire . 
 his eyes were gentle , but tinged with seriousness . 
 eurava seemed to understand ; look after it , he meant . 
 cora smiled . 
 ` i think they have different ideas . ' 
 ` i just want to say , before i start , that i feel very lucky to have survived the destruction of our village . 
 and that we must make an attempt when these attacks are over to rebuild rayan . ' 
 eurava had shared a sentiment echoed by everyone else , with smiles , with tears , with silent wishes that it would be over soon . 
 cora and kertia shared a brief look . 
 he had always been on the side of defences , he was a warrior , but he saw shame in cora 's eyes . 
 she must feel as guilty as the rest of them . 
 they should all have tried harder . 
 they should have backed adri up , fought for what they knew was right . 
 every single warrior knew he had been right and now he was not there . 
 they may never see him again because of it . 
 eurava continued . 
 ` and , hopefully , if our wishes are answered , we shall be blessed again to have such protective and courageous warriors defending us . ' 
 all warrior eyes rested for a brief moment on eurava , surprised and humbled , but their lips remained silent . 
 if they had been lacking in morale at all over the suns they had been travelling , that at least lifted some of the burden . 
 ` what would you like to hear the tale of ? ' 
 eurava asked her audience . 
 there were mutterings between people , questions to the children , until a little boy piped up . 
 ` the cierlort ! ' 
 ` the cierlort , ' she said in a slow , intriguing voice . 
 she began to pluck the strings of the kura softly . 
 ` that ancient , mystical creature that only the very blessed get to see . 
 people used to say that if you were lost , deep in the woods , the cierlort would appear to you , and guide you to safety . 
 however , the cierlort only appears to the very lost and the very lonely and can take the form of anything , and anyone , so you 'll never really know if you 've ever seen it . ' 
 the children sat there awed , and the adults hugged them tighter . 
 this was , for a while , to be their escape . 
 cora heard a rustling nearby and turned her head . 
 she saw feet disappearing into the leaves of the trees and caught a glimpse of murray 's head moving higher in the branches . 
 ` the cierlort was born in a place called mierna su torsus ... ' eurava began , her words melodic over the beautiful tune , but as murray climbed higher her voice faded below . 
 as he neared the top he stopped and rested on a thick branch against the trunk . 
 he gazed upwards , the stars above glowing brightly and glowing silent while the notes he had heard before drifted up to him , and beyond . 
 sixteen mount sallv path the sun had faded by the time adri had got the fire going . 
 he poked it with a long stick with which he 'd snared a sleen - long , slithering , meaty creatures - the flames growing ever stronger . 
 as he prepared it on a flat rock , leyna emerged from the trees . 
 she held a pile of berries in a huge leaf , curled into a cone . 
 her eyes lit as she saw him ready to slice into the flesh . 
 ` oh , can i watch ? ' 
 adri paused briefly , this menial task something he 'd never expect an audience for . 
 ` sure . ' 
 digging a small hole in the soft earth near the fire , she planted the cone quickly . 
 he glanced over briefly at the vast types of berry she 'd managed to gather , surprised at how many grew wild in the bushes , and impressed at the knowledge she 'd picked up . 
 when he 'd slit the animals belly and discarded the entrails he cut through the neck , removing the head . 
 then he skinned it , poured some water from his flask over the meat and cleared it of any remaining guts . 
 as her eyes followed his routine carefully , he found himself oddly self-conscious . 
 his suns were generally filled with nobody wanting to listen to him . 
 this dedicated attention caught him off -- guard . 
 ` so , insides first , head , then skin , ' leyna repeated to herself , committing it to memory . 
 adri nodded . 
 ` i 'll let you do the next one , ' he smirked . 
 wide-eyed she took in the notion , then smiled lightly in agreement . 
 he was intrigued by her eagerness . 
 ` it 's not going to be sensational , ' he said dryly . 
 ` if murray were here he 'd be able to turn it into a meal for kings . 
 me , i know only how to stay alive . ' 
 ` well , that 's good enough for me . ' 
 she dropped her eyes at his sudden gaze . 
 ` did he always cook ? ' 
 a memory of he and murray on a thick branch , his little brother still , silent , gazing into space but clinging tightly to his arm , crossed his mind . 
 ` when he was a boy , things were bad . 
 it helped him think . ' 
 ` he told me some things were bad when he was younger . ' 
 adri ripped hard at the skin . 
 ` it was my fault . ' 
 ` why ? ' 
 she had such an endearing presence the words practically tumbled from his mouth . 
 ` i fought a lot . 
 got into a lot of trouble . 
 but we moved to rayan and things got better . ' 
 her eager eyes wanted to know more . 
 ` wait until we find them , ' he said softly . 
 ` i 'm sure you 'll have plenty to talk about . ' 
 as adri carved up the meat and started skewering bits onto sticks ready to cook , his face relaxed . 
 he held a heavy burden in his eyes and his face had begun to darken with stubble . 
 but in it she saw murray . 
 that same concentration he held when he was carving . 
 she felt safe . 
 ` will we ever be able to go back ? ' 
 she whispered so quietly the cooking meat almost drowned her out . 
 ` i do n't know . ' 
 he handed a sleen stick to her . 
 she took it and held it over the flames . 
 ` we need to go sun by sun . 
 things can change quickly out here . 
 until we have our feet solidly in lisser , all we need to do is keep quiet and keep close . ' 
 ` they 'll help us at lisser , wo n't they ? ' 
 the meat began to firm , the smell drawing a rumble from leyna 's stomach . 
 ` warriors are always bound by oath to assist other warriors in need . 
 but oath is life in kisera , as you know , so that 's our first choice . 
 just ... ' he thought carefully about his next words . 
 ` just , follow their rules , do as they ask . 
 we 'll try and spend as little time there as possible . ' 
 she nodded , uncertainty crowding her thoughts . 
 she was hopeful that these people were to be their saviours . 
 she and adri were hopeless , what threat did they hold to a powerful tribal city ? 
 they 'd find out in time , if they ever made it across the mountains that rose endlessly into the stars . 
 seventeen the southern metts trail those same stars in the same dark sky glowed elsewhere too . 
 hundreds of tents were erected in the middle of a stretch of plain land near the western fork of the metts river . 
 the sounds of warrior laughter and general bawdiness echoed into the night . 
 premo stood leaning over a trestle as he noted the points on it kurayne was marking out . 
 ` we are here . 
 it 'll take us barely eight turns of the sun to reach cormaro at our current pace . 
 we speed up , we can be there in under six . ' 
 ` how many ships do they have at cormaro ? ' 
 premo asked , squinting in the bad light . 
 ` it 's a large village . 
 and prosperous . 
 probably enough for everyone . ' 
 premo raised his brows and nodded to himself . 
 ` excellent . 
 we 'll take them all . ' 
 kurayne rolled up the map . 
 ` when we 've finished with cormaro and targu it 's back to matara ? ' 
 ` yes . 
 we 'll wipe the slate clean . 
 although ... ' he slipped off into thought , and held an expression kurayne was familiar with and well-versed to dislike . 
 ` my lord ? ' 
 ` i was just thinking how interesting it would be to anger carrta of kisera . 
 i do n't think kisera has had a good fight in a while . ' 
 ` you want to take our army against lisser ? 
 carrta of kisera is the greatest fighter in prenitia , his army , unmatched - ' ` you 're afraid of him and his barbarian horde ? ' 
 premo sneered . 
 kurayne trod carefully . 
 ` not afraid , your majesty , very cautious . 
 i 've seen them at war . 
 they are ... fearless . ' 
 ` fearlessness does n't make them better fighters . ' 
 this was true in kurayne 's experience . 
 ` no , but they have never lost a battle . ' 
 ` neither has matara , ' the king said defiantly . 
 ` lisser is an objective in the future . 
 let 's leave it at that . 
 for now , i am going to sleep . 
 destruction is a very tiring sport . ' 
 premo pulled his massive , lavish fur cloak tighter over his shoulders as he left for his tent . 
 kurayne had been rendered speechless and when tyan approached the small table he immediately sensed something wrong . 
 ` master kurayne ? ' 
 he saluted with a knitted brow . 
 ` it 's about time the rabble quit for the night , ' he said sharply . 
 ` yes , master . 
 i 'll draw them in . ' 
 he was about to head away , but something important was brewing in his master and it seemed something he thought he should know . 
 ` is everything alright , sire ? ' 
 ` i am just surprised at how utterly mad one person can be . ' 
 ` are you talking about - ? ' 
 ` shh , shh , ' kurayne cut him off bluntly . 
 ` come with me . ' 
 tyan was led a fair distance from the camp , into the darkness , invisible . 
 ` what is on your mind , master kurayne ? ' 
 kurayne tried desperately to stop pacing and suppress his anger within . 
 ` our great majesty is thinking about an attack on lisser . 
 of all places ! ' 
 ` surely a thought is just a thought , master . ' 
 kurayne threw his hands out , open to the wide country that had been half ruined by one king and his army . 
 ` all this was just a thought too . 
 and look at us . 
 look at the country . 
 a pit of death and destruction . 
 after he 's finished there wo n't be anyone left to live in this great mataran empire he wants . 
 who would want to ? ' 
 ` have you ideas on how to reason with him ? ' 
 he shook his head in disdain . 
 ` even if i had , i would n't try . 
 minister keno tried several times , and he can practically convince anyone to do anything . 
 i think it 's in the hands of the army . ' 
 ` much of the army shares his viewpoint . 
 they believe matara should be great . ' 
 ` matara was great , ' kurayne sighed , head dropping at the memory of that once beautiful city . 
 ` why was n't that enough ? ' 
 ` greatness , master , is generally only considered enough if you are the greatest . ' 
 kurayne had never heard it put so correctly . 
 but what greatness was this mad king chasing ? 
 what did he truly expect to gain from these murderous actions ? 
 not citizens for his kingdom ; there were to be none left . 
 not a united prenitian army ; warriors were not spared in the purges . 
 then what ? 
 whatever it was premo was chasing could not be measured in life or limb nor judged in sanity . 
 would he just continue to wipe innocent people from the map for trinkets for the army and empty land to call his own ? 
 from that point on , kurayne knew premo would never back down of his own accord . 
 he would go on , destroying families , and next time , when he decided to attack gofel or vano or even lisser , he may even take that crazy necromancer with him . 
 ` we must find a way , tyan . 
 or when mahrken arrives matara will be dead anyway . ' 
 eighteen the bottle with a large pile of books in hands , aznee walked slowly towards the library . 
 he could barely see over the top so he peeked around the edge of the pile , keeping his footing steady . 
 ` dear boy , ' croaked a voice in his blind spot . 
 ` would you like to buy a potion ? ' 
 it took a lot of concentration to not drop the pile . 
 he stopped until it felt steady again , and turned his body to see the old woman who had been harassing the villagers standing , staring into his eyes . 
 she was highly off-putting ; those beady eyes seemed to burn straight through his . 
 ` no , thank you , ' he said politely , carefully sidestepping her and moving on . 
 ` for aches and pains , or happiness , or love , ' she called , following him with a hobble . 
 he sounded impressed . 
 ` happiness and love from a bottle ? ' 
 ` of course , ' she crowed . 
 he was n't that impressed . 
 ` i 'd rather wait . ' 
 then he felt her hand grip his arm - such a strangely firm grip - and felt something drop into his pocket . 
 her breath flowed heavy over his ear as she reached up and whispered to him , ` for your sister then . 
 keep it safe . ' 
 he blinked , trying to gauge what had just happened . 
 it was a little disturbing , but as aznee attempted to protest she had already disappeared . 
 brush it off , he told himself . 
 it was strange who they let into the village . 
 aznee struggled into the library , manoeuvring a hand from the pile to the door handle and balancing the books carefully against his chest . 
 bending his legs he lowered the pile to the desk , breathing a sigh that he safely got them there . 
 then he eyed the room with a freer view . 
 it was empty and quiet . 
 he did n't quite believe it and on that notion headed around the bookshelves into the back room , where the small booths for private reading were . 
 all of the booths had a table and shutters for light to be let in , and curtains to hide from the other readers . 
 they were used often by the village leaders when researching some old law in the texts that were forbidden from being removed from the library . 
 but one of the booths had the curtains pulled and aznee guessed who 'd be behind them . 
 the curtain flung open . 
 telena sat there with the first chronicle and her eyes turned sharply to him as he stared at her . 
 ` lena . ' 
 ` yes ? ' 
 she said in annoyance . 
 ` i thought you 'd gone . ' 
 he had no excuse for disturbing her at all . 
 then he remembered that old woman and he reached into his pocket . 
 telena watched as he pulled out a bottle from it , no label , no markings , and regarded it curiously . 
 ` what 's that ? ' 
 ` nothing . ' 
 for your sister . 
 ` just some rubbish from that strange old woman . ' 
 she snorted . 
 ` you did n't pay for it ? ' 
 ` no , ' he said , still intrigued by what it could be . 
 he certainly was n't going tell telena what the woman had said , so he changed the subject . 
 ` how far are you ? ' 
 ` it 's taken many turns of the sun for adri and leyna to reach mount sallv . ' 
 ` ah , right , ' aznee said , recalling the story well with a wistful smile . 
 ` go away . ' 
 she pulled the curtain back , leaving him shunned . 
 aznee wandered back to his desk , the cool bottle grasped between his fingers maintaining his attention . 
 his gaze passed over the small round rubbish pot in the corner and he started towards it . 
 keep it safe , she had said ; a warning . 
 no-one took that old woman seriously , as sun after sun she just hobbled about trying to sell pointless trinkets to the village society . 
 but something within aznee had sparked at her words , and he could n't bring himself to bin it . 
 he pulled open his desk drawer and carefully placed the bottle inside , pushing it behind a pile of paper within . 
 nineteen mount sallv path heavy clouds filled the sky , which had dimmed greatly through descent into mahrken . 
 they had become dark with rain and were on the verge of breaching . 
 leyna leaned against adri 's back in a doze , having become used to the gentle rocking of the horse , and her thoughts were focused on the strong smells of the forest and the impending cold . 
 their clothes were dirty beneath the brand new cloaks they had been given , but those too had felt the elements and begun to darken in colour , collecting dirt and debris as the pair slept and travelled in the forest . 
 adri scratched at his face . 
 it had grown hairier and he had given up trying to shave with his knife and the unprocessed stand-ins for cream . 
 his thoughts passed back to errin 's pharmacy , he would have had an overload of that brilliant cream he manufactured himself quite happily just then . 
 errin ... was he still alive ? 
 did he make it to a bunker ? 
 and the other founders of rayan . 
 did they live long enough to see their dreams in ruins , or had they been sent like so many others to alacaethe ? 
 ` this is it , ' adri said suddenly , leyna taking in a sharp breath and following his gaze . 
 just beyond the fading canopy they could see it finally . 
 mount sallv and its sister mounts stood ahead , nestled within the trees but towering high above them . 
 leyna had , of course , never seen a mountain and the tones and colours and shapes and verges were all totally new to her . 
 ` it 's so beautiful ... ' she said , her focus rising with the sharp , rocky incline . 
 ` there 's a path that leads up , then back down the other side . 
 it 's the quickest way . 
 we can see the route to the torc mountain range from up there . ' 
 ` we have to climb it ? ' 
 was he serious ? 
 adri grasped leyna 's arm and lowered her to the ground , dismounting shortly after . 
 ` not all the way . 
 just so we can see the path to lisser . 
 it 's not so clear if you 're looking from the ground . ' 
 ` have you done this before ? ' 
 she asked , his knowledge seeming a little more than map reading and word of mouth . 
 he did n't answer . 
 ` come on , it 's gon na rain . ' 
 he led the horse away with leyna following close behind . 
 her eyes remained on the mountain , looming above them . 
 all that wishing for escape and talk about adventure with murray was from a skewed perspective . 
 an idealised version of what the outdoors was really like and she felt childish and naïve to think back and know she had sugar-coated something she had never experienced . 
 for the first time she was truly glad and thankful adri was there with her . 
 the climb was strenuous , even though they were n't travelling so far up . 
 the incline was slight most of the way , then shifted sharply more vertical . 
 leyna 's body stiffened and weighted her down , her back aching , he neck so tight it burned into her head . 
 adri looked fine ; she did n't want to start complaining . 
 lisser was a long way off and there would be more of this to come . 
 then she felt droplets of rain hit her face . 
 as she raised her eyes she could see more plummeting from the sky towards her . 
 it remained fairly light , but it had become so misty on the mountain it would soon be impossible to see the right path . 
 ` there 's a shelter a little further up , ' adri called back , ` we can rest there until it clears . ' 
 as the two moved further up the path towards the small alcove that leyna could just see the outline of adri halted sharply , mesmerised by something high on the rock . 
 ` there 's no way ... ' he mumbled , handing the reigns over to leyna speeding up the path . 
 ` what is it ? 
 adri ? ' 
 ` c'mere , ' he ushered , his voice dropping to whisper for fear it may disappear before his eyes . 
 ` do you see it ? 
 right up there , on that ledge . 
 that flower . ' 
 she saw it . 
 just one little blue flower on its own , maybe fifteen , twenty spans up a steep incline to a short plateau . 
 ` notice anything odd about it ? 
 like , no leaves , perhaps ? ' 
 she shook her head , not really understanding . 
 ` what does that mean ? ' 
 ` a flower that has no leaves has no need for natural sustenance , which makes it mystical , and very , very rare . ' 
 he began to scan the rocks , the strength of their hold , the weak points . 
 leyna had read something of mystical plants and the strange things they could do in those heavy books in sortare 's library but never really , deep down , believed they existed . 
 adri 's knowledge of them was a surprise , too . 
 ` what do you think it is ? ' 
 ` i 'd say mesenara . ' 
 she peered up , squinting through the rain , trying to gauge whether she remembered it from the dusty old pages . 
 ` it sounds familiar . ' 
 ` if you listen to enough folk tales it should . 
 a plant that can apparently heal any wound or illness . ' 
 ` i remember . 
 it 's said to only grow on the very peaks of mountains , but we 're nowhere near the peak . ' 
 ` who cares ? 
 it must be worth a fortune ; any city would probably raise an army for one petal . ' 
 there was that look in his eye and lilt to his voice that was hard to mistake . 
 ` you 're not going up there ? ' 
 ` that there could save our lives , and anyone else who 's still alive . ' 
 ` you 're ca n't risk your life for a flower 's potential that 's only ever been spoken about in folklore . 
 they 're distorted , fantasy tales . ' 
 his raised a brow to her with a knowing smile . 
 ` you 've never met a magician but you believe they exist ? ' 
 he had a point , and she could fathom no other objection than safety to the argument as adri began to grasp the sharp rocks and lift himself onto the mountainside . 
 ` adri ... ' she murmured , holding tighter to the reigns of the horse as every second he went higher the chance of him plummeting down got bigger . 
 ` do n't worry , ' he called down , a little more nervously than he 'd meant to . 
 his footing was n't stable and she had to dodge as pieces of rock began to crumble and fall with some force from under his feet . 
 the rain showered harder . 
 ` please be careful . ' 
 leyna felt her voice rise so he could hear her beneath the loud shimmer of rainfall . 
 ` it 's alright - it 's alright - ' still he continued , getting ever nearer to the little flower and ever further from sure footing . 
 he struggled to grasp the rocks under his fingers , his feet kept slipping in the small nooks they sat in , and adri 's hand reached upwards , his fingers almost grasping the plant ... a thump behind leyna forced her to spin . 
 a huge boulder had fallen from the rock . 
 her focus darted around . 
 there were boulders falling from all over now , not just from adri 's path up . 
 ` adri , something 's happening ... ' ` i 've almost ... ' a massive rock almost hit her and she leapt out of the way , the horse whinnying furiously by her side . 
 the reins slipped from her fingers as it thumped its hooves back , desperately dodging the debris . 
 ` adri , leave it , we do n't need it ! ' 
 ` that depends on how seriously you want people to take us . ' 
 his voice was smothered by the thunder of the shower and the cracks of the breaking rocks . 
 he looked down . 
 even if he 'd wanted he could n't really turn back now . 
 his best choice was to reach the plateau and wait it out . 
 he pushed a little higher , his fingers reaching out , and he touched the petals ... he could almost feel the soft mysticism emanating from the little beauty . 
 then he slipped - ` adri ! ' 
 he slammed against the mountainside , his fingers going white with the grip he was trying desperately to maintain . 
 leyna rushed beneath him , no idea how she 'd stop him if he slipped down . 
 no , when he slipped . 
 adri 's grip was loosening , his fingers the only things between him and certain injury , and they could n't hold him any longer ... he let go - chunks of the mountainside fell to the path with him , and adri and leyna 's screams faded under them . 
 twenty the targu trail in the east it seemed the clouds had not reached the band of villagers . 
 the sun still shone , lower and colder , but brightly nonetheless . 
 the conversations within the group gradually died as they saw what imarko , leading at the front , was seeing . 
 halfway to the horizon there were walls . 
 ` it 's targu , ' imarko confirmed . 
 there was a mumble of excitement and the pace picked up in anticipation . 
 ` it 'll take us until the light softens to get there . 
 but there it is . ' 
 there it is , murray thought , his stomach twisting and his feet refusing to go on . 
 he had never in all the time adri and he had lived in rayan , ever returned to targu without him . 
 this was their time , their journey , and he did n't want to do it alone . 
 cora passed him , squeezing his arm supportively and followed the crowd . 
 she knew what this meant for him . 
 ` do you think he 's there ? ' 
 murray asked her . 
 she turned back to him but had no real answer . 
 ` i hope so . ' 
 twenty-one matara the horse snorted wildly as it drew in the quickest breaths it had ever needed . 
 that massive perimeter wall began to rise higher and higher as the rider kicked it harder to go on . 
 as they reached the enormous gates , open as they always were now , the rider pulled the horse to a skidding halt and leapt off . 
 he could n't risk steaming into the city , the necromancer might be watching . 
 he sped as fast as his legs could carry him , and it never felt fast enough . 
 as he reached the palace gates and climbed the huge steps he almost breathed a sigh of relief that he had n't been stopped . 
 lorosa stepped out of the palace just as he got to the doors . 
 ` necromancer , ' the soldier said , bowing briefly . 
 ` do you have something for me ? ' 
 lorosa asked with a firm , measured regard . 
 the soldier thought quickly . 
 he reached into his small satchel and pulled out a letter with a red seal upon it . 
 ` from the king , ' he said , bowing again . 
 lorosa was a little surprised . 
 he had n't expected it . 
 tearing into the letter he scanned it quickly , and nodded pleasantly to himself . 
 ` good . 
 good . ' 
 with that he moved from the palace door and followed his usual route down the side steps . 
 the soldier breathed a sigh and continued on his journey , entering the palace and heading straight up the grand staircase . 
 he took a left , following the stairs all the way to the top and headed down the right corridor . 
 four doors up he stopped , inhaled deeply , and knocked the door . 
 he heard a voice summon him to enter . 
 as he did so he felt minister keno 's gaze wander over him lightly , then fix on him with interest . 
 the soldier closed the door and keno rose in his chair . 
 ` what are you - ? ' 
 ` a message , minister keno . ' 
 ` from whom ? ' 
 he ordered . 
 but the soldier did not answer him . 
 keno was not impressed by the rudeness but opened the small letter anyway . 
 his expression dropped and his face turned white . 
 ` have you read this ? ' 
 he asked the soldier firmly . 
 ` no , minister . ' 
 ` do you know where minister dommaris ' rooms are ? ' 
 the soldier nodded . 
 ` please summon him here . 
 quickly . ' 
 the soldier nodded and left the room in haste . 
 keno took a moment to carefully re-seat himself ; the gravity of the words he had just read creeping to a smile of both great fear and great relief . 
 there was to be rebellion . 
 twenty-two targu targu was exactly the same as it always was , murray thought as they neared the perimeter . 
 it was a huge village with rounded walls like those fashionable elsewhere in the country , but that were made of thick wood instead of stone . 
 only cities could afford stone . 
 its livestock was mostly kept to graze outside the wall for fear the overcrowding of farm animals would make the village smell and put immigrants off . 
 but it was n't animals these people should question , cora pondered . 
 for once she could truly understand why the rayan villagers had held such defiance against the defence system proposed , as these walls did n't invite , they warned off . 
 imarko signalled for the villagers to remain behind as he and cora stepped forward to speak and announce their arrival . 
 the gates were just as foreboding , and built of the best wood in the land . 
 to the left and right , watchtowers formed the gatehouse and archers were poised above . 
 as imarko stepped forward to knock , a voice rang from the behind the footman 's door . 
 ` what is your business ? ' 
 it ordered , that lilting targuan accent muffling through . 
 ` we seek shelter , ' imarko replied . 
 cora reached to her pendant as she felt her heart beat faster . 
 they had to let them in . 
 but the pendant was n't there . 
 ` we come from rayan , ' imarko continued . 
 ` our village was burned to the ground by the mataran army . 
 we are the survivors . ' 
 ` premo 's army never leaves survivors , ' the targuan snorted , extremely sure in his own knowledge . 
 imarko stepped back slightly and signalled the dirty , hungry exhausted people behind him . 
 ` how can that be true when we are standing here before you ? ' 
 some moments passed in silence and cora and imarko were almost sure they would not be invited in . 
 but then the small door opened and the footman stepped out . 
 ` hunters come in all guises in these times , ' he said , eyeing them suspiciously . 
 ` and in groups of forty ? ' 
 kertia said in his bluntest tone . 
 the footman sneered . 
 he would n't be made a fool of . 
 ` what are your names ? ' 
 ` i am imarko , leader of rayan 's home warriors . 
 three of my quarter heads are here - kertia , partreek and cora . 
 the footman glowered at imarko 's bow and cora 's sword . 
 ` these weapons ... ' ` all we have left to defend ourselves . 
 there was a hunter following us . ' 
 imarko had a lengthy constitution for conversing with imbeciles , but this one was beginning to drain him . 
 ` just one ? ' 
 ` we took one out . ' 
 then cora felt her personal space invaded as the footman stood right next to her and peered into her eyes . 
 but to her rescue came murray , stepping out in front and forcing the footman to retreat . 
 ` murray kile ? ' 
 ` you know me , hal , ' murray said , not in the mood for small talk . 
 ` we 're tired and hungry and these children are scared . ' 
 hal peered into the small crowd . 
 ` adri not with you ? ' 
 that confirmed it for him . 
 he would n't see his brother this sun . 
 ` no . 
 i do n't know if he got out . ' 
 ` wily thing like him , probably sipping vensa in some city somewhere , ' hal replied , hitting murray lightly on the chest , with a knowing grin . 
 ` fine . 
 everyone inside . 
 come on , there 's a hunter on his way . ' 
 as the warriors led the way and the villagers followed behind , a huge , collective load was released from their shoulders . 
 they were inside . 
 they were as safe as they would ever be at this point . 
 finally they would be able to sleep without fear of attack in the night . 
 inside targu was surely a sight , though whether a pleasant one was subjective . 
 it was an old village , it had been in existence far longer than rayan and the settlement itself was believed to have been spawned after the dark era . 
 there was a great greeting yard , which would have originally been clear and clean , exerting the exact impression that was necessary in villages to attract new citizens . 
 it was a tad neglected of late . 
 the buildings were some of stone and some of wood . 
 they were old , but their maintenance seemed to be continual , probably with recycled materials , which gave them a shoddy look . 
 the temple that was expected in every settlement could be seen where its spire rose above the roofs in the distance . 
 the schoolhouse and the trade quarters were a little further back where the village had both expanded and been given a wall over time . 
 but to the right of the gatehouse were the home warrior apartments , the targuan emblem painted over the main gates . 
 ` your people can rest in those shelters there . ' 
 hal pointed to what looked like old morah sheds ; mucky animals , oddly clever , but great to eat . 
 ` i 'm sure we can find some food and drink . 
 then i 'll arrange a meeting with the mayor . ' 
 cora rubbed her hands together in the chill . 
 ` everyone else can sleep . 
 i have to stay awake in case we have to move again . ' 
 ` cora . 
 we 're safe , ' murray said with conviction . 
 he knew what targu could withstand and he knew that they 'd know in good time if premo 's army had turned a different course and decided to follow them here . 
 ` for at least two turns , we 're safe . 
 you have to sleep . ' 
 ` one round at most . ' 
 she stalked up to hal , repeating his former squared-up inquisition of her in the moments before . 
 ` then i want you to come and get me , and you can take me to your mayor . ' 
 hal sniffed and gave her a mock bow . 
 ` of course , o great warrior . ' 
 cora eyed him for a few more moments then , unimpressed , strolled away . 
 murray and hal shared a look . 
 ` two , hal . 
 give her two . ' 
 twenty-three matara dommaris , unusually , paced the room , his creaking bones and stiff back impeding his speed , but he paced anyway . 
 ` and you are sure this is from kurayne ? 
 it 's not a trick ? ' 
 ` absolutely not . 
 he should be regarded as much a deserter as all the others , but he did n't go without a fight . 
 perhaps it was his plan all along . ' 
 dommaris nodded . 
 ` i liked kurayne , he always remained loyal . 
 up to the point of course . 
 but even if he is truly preparing the army for rebellion , we should not get our hopes up it will work . 
 the army has shown itself to be a fickle creature - ' ` with due reason , ' keno cut in . 
 ` and , ' dommaris continued , ` it has caused the deaths of thousands over the tanes . 
 all will not and can not be forgiven quickly or easily even if his rebellion is realised . ' 
 keno sighed , the flame of his hope suddenly bursting back into existence . 
 ` but if it does ... oh , if it works dommaris ... ' for the first time in a long time dommaris saw that smile of keno 's appear , the one he raised when that mind of his began to pound with ideas . 
 ` but the problem closer to home is still extant . ' 
 keno leaned back in his chair , drawing in a pondering breath . 
 ` we have to have a certain way to get rid of him . 
 or at least put him out of action for long enough to release yesmi . ' 
 dommaris leaned on the desk , their gazes meeting . 
 ` and what are a necromancer 's real weaknesses ? ' 
 ` necromancers deal in death . 
 or at least in alacaethe . 
 and they can not maintain control of alacaethe 's energies if they are bound to it themselves . ' 
 dommaris nodded . 
 that young man he had trained for so many tanes had just found his purpose . 
 ` blood , ' keno said slowly . 
 ` we have to draw blood . ' 
 twenty-four mount sallv there was a patter of water echoing in the darkness . 
 mountain rubble lay in a pile at the dead end , the dust from the fall settled long before . 
 fingers stretched out , reaching for something , and then an arm rose off the ground , disturbing the mess . 
 adri lay still for a few moments longer as he regained feeling in his body . 
 he lifted his head , squinting to avoid and eyeful of gravel , and finally pushed himself free from the dusty trap . 
 nearby , a still hand peeked out of the mass and adri , gathering himself slowly , drew leyna from it . 
 she coughed as he sat her up and checked her for injuries . 
 ` leyna ? 
 are you alright ? ' 
 she nodded , moving her hair from her face , and peered at him through light haze . 
 ` are we dead ? ' 
 he laughed ; she was going to be fine . 
 ` i do n't think so . 
 but we should be . ' 
 ` we 're in a cave . 
 why can i see you ? ' 
 they both turned in unison to be greeted by four armed warriors standing still as statues ahead of them . 
 two held lamps , a pretty golden glow washing over the pair as they shot up off the ground . 
 ` who are you ? ' 
 adri 's voice echoed . 
 the first warrior stepped forward and examined the two . 
 ` my name is voran . 
 i am guard to our lady priestess . 
 she has expressed a wish to speak with you both . ' 
 ` we 're not going anywhere with you . ' 
 voran and his comrades waited patiently as adri took the chance to ponder their surroundings . 
 they were most definitely in a cave , and there was no way out . 
 ` this is already too odd . 
 where is your priestess ? ' 
 ` back in our city . 
 we have transport waiting . ' 
 voran turned to allow them both to pass him . 
 leyna gripped adri 's arm as he guided her forward , past the strange warriors . 
 ` how did you know we were going to be here ? ' 
 ` my lady has been expecting you for a while . ' 
 adri looked voran up and down as they passed , his expression telling him this was on their terms . 
 ` fine . 
 take us there . ' 
 the two warriors with the lamps led the party along the cave , turning a corner not so far up and leading them to two chariots waiting . 
 two warriors stepped onto each . 
 ` the young woman will travel with us , ' said voran . 
 adri put himself between leyna and the chariots . 
 ` i do n't think so . ' 
 ` she will be perfectly safe . ' 
 ` safety 's a point of view . ' 
 ` it 's alright , adri . ' 
 leyna curled her hand around the knife on her belt . 
 it was a brave gesture . 
 ` i 'll see you at the other end . ' 
 ` are you sure ? ' 
 he whispered . 
 she nodded and stood straight , bold . 
 voran held out his hand to assist her up and she gripped tightly the front . 
 it was n't long before the chariots had begun to move , but there were no horses to be seen in there . 
 they rolled into the darkness . 
 twenty-five targu the warrior heads of rayan stood before rydan , the targuan mayor , neatly and ready to bargain , but he was not a man to reason easily . 
 he had very sure-footing in his role . 
 he had continued to make targu rich over the tanes and that made him popular . 
 but he was n't of supreme intelligence or diplomacy , or at least that 's what they 'd heard in rayan , so it was unclear how he 'd made such a purse full . 
 for the wealth he 'd obtained he did a marvellous job of keeping it from showing in the building structure . 
 though , the fine tapestries that adorned his wall perhaps had something to do with that . 
 ` all we ask is enough horses to ride to vano , ' imarko explained as clearly as he could . 
 ` from there we can arrange everything else . 
 protection , maybe a defensive campaign - right now i 'm not making any decisions . ' 
 ` vano 's gates are locked , gofel 's gates are locked , as ours are . 
 what makes you think you 'll receive help from either ? ' 
 ` if they 're as locked as yours then maybe we 'll have some luck , ' kertia sneered . 
 ` kertia . ' 
 imarko cast his head a sharp look then returned his attention to the mayor . 
 ` please , mayor rydan , i believe our plight will not be in vain . 
 vano is our key . 
 if we can reach it , and quickly , hope for prenitia may be re-ignited . ' 
 ` i can not spare horses and i can not spare fighters . ' 
 rydan sighed , bored already . 
 ` we ask for merely as many as there are us in here . 
 four at most . ' 
 rydan moved his head from left to right , weighing up in his mind what this meant for him . 
 ` four horses can carry eight of my citizens . ' 
 he spoke in such a condescending tone that kertia almost walked straight out . 
 ` in the event we are attacked i want as many of my people to escape as possible . 
 they are my priority . ' 
 ` then we will take some of your people , if it will please you , but this is urgent , and leaves the fate of my people hanging . ' 
 ` why are you making this so hard ? ' 
 kertia raged . 
 ` premo is coming here after he destroys cormaro , whether you believe it or not . 
 do you think you can win , these little village warriors against the might of that army ? 
 do you want to find out if forty of your people survive to repeat our fate ? ' 
 ` we have protection . ' 
 kertia leaned close . 
 ` and when his warriors break down your gates , the only protection you will have is your flesh . 
 are you made of stone , mayor rydan ? ' 
 imarko closed his eyes in defeat . 
 this battle was lost now . 
 but his feelings mirrored those of kertia 's and he half thanked him silently for speaking as none of the others had . 
 except , perhaps , adri more than once . 
 his heart sank - he had failed him . 
 rydan stood , jaw clenched at the audacity . 
 ` this is my village , rayan warrior . 
 and i say we shall take our chances . ' 
 twenty-six cormaro the flaming torches of the coastal town of cormaro glowed brightly through the dark in the distance . 
 the mataran army marched slowly towards the town with premo sour-faced weighing up his options in his head . 
 he wanted their town destroyed and their fleet in his hands . 
 but they had excellent defences , something that in the destructive regime so far they had n't come up against yet . 
 still , premo had confidence his masters could guide their troops into a successful battle here , and those shockwaves would resonate to the other armies in prenitia and tell them matara was coming . 
 ` master kurayne ! ' 
 kurayne called them to a halt a few miles away and joined premo at the head . 
 ` take your order to the coast . 
 secure those ships . 
 we would n't want any back-door escapes . ' 
 ` sire . ' 
 kurayne moved off to round up his order . 
 ` master hilta ! ' 
 hilta drove her horse through the tight ranks of the army . 
 she saluted to premo as she joined him . 
 he glanced briefly at her as he decided the next move . 
 ` prepare your archers for ... ' he trailed off , his eyes suddenly locked on something just visible , twinkling around her neck . 
 ` your majesty ? ' 
 she asked , as she noticed he was staring down at her . 
 he had never taken a fancy to her before this , so to do so then , and publicly , would be a mite inconvenient . 
 his hand shot out , grasping at the necklace she had taken from rayan . 
 he ripped it from her neck and stared at the pendant on the chain . 
 ` that was fair loot , sire ! ' 
 she objected . 
 kurayne was about to lead his order away , but hilta 's yell caused him to turn back . 
 he saw the blood draining from premo 's face . 
 kurayne guided his horse back towards the king . 
 ` how long have you had this ? ' 
 premo growled in a low voice . 
 ` since rayan , sire . 
 i found it in some burned out hut . ' 
 his eyes pierced through hers . 
 ` five suns you 've had this ? ' 
 hilta nodded , with no understanding of what had happened . 
 premo glared at kurayne , but with a soft and measured voice he ordered , ` we ... shall fall back . ' 
 it was almost a song in his heart . 
 ` fall back , sire ? ' 
 ` we 're going back . ' 
 premo tugged on his horse 's reigns . 
 ` back where ? 
 to rayan ? ' 
 the pendant was squeezed tightly within premo 's grasp , and his breath was steady . 
 ` not to rayan . ' 
 twenty-seven targu murray walked alone , slowly , in the village he used to call home , without apparent aim or direction . 
 soft curls of night air escaped his mouth . 
 he looked to the stars and wished that unknown away as he clutched leyna 's kura . 
 when he returned his attention to the earth he saw he had entered the graveyard . 
 targu buried their dead , when they had dead to bury - as cremation was the favoured method of removing bodies - within the village walls , and the graveyard occupied a separate area near the temple . 
 murray stopped not far from a large monument and exhaled , remembering painfully adri was not with him . 
 he took a seat on the cold earth , drew the kura upright and plucked a few notes . 
 he 'd never learnt to play well , but the kura was an instrument that could sound wonderful even if you were a novice . 
 but it was truly inspiring to those who had the talent . 
 that last moment of theirs struck him . 
 holding her tight in his arms . 
 he 'd called ` fai ana ' to her as she left . 
 ana keep you . 
 had the goddess answered his wish ? 
 ` murray ? ' 
 cora wandered from within the various other monuments and they shared a weak smile . 
 ` how did it go ? ' 
 he enquired quietly . 
 ` it did n't , really . ' 
 ` he wo n't help us ? ' 
 murray asked , not surprised . 
 ` mayor rydan believes this village can stand up to an attack from premo 's army . 
 he 's willing to chance the lives of his people on it . ' 
 murray 's voice dropped to an indistinct level . 
 ` sounds familiar . ' 
 ` we 'll find a way . ' 
 there was a pause between them , as they both regarded the monument before them . 
 cora had never seen it , and to her it seemed grand and wonderful . 
 murray had seen it plenty of times before , all the time he was growing up and every time he came back . 
 ` look at that . 
 it 's beautiful . 
 there must be someone so ... important , so heroic buried beneath that , right ? ' 
 ` karman usala ... ' cora read for the first time as she sat next to him . 
 ` who was that ? ' 
 ` the mayor when i was very young . 
 he replaced trade with the coinage system . 
 usala decided what skills were of higher value than others , and then paid them more . 
 his mayorship , of course , was of highest importance in his eyes . ' 
 ` coinage is n't always bad . ' 
 ` no . 
 but then came the taxes . ' 
 his voice dropped again . 
 ` it 's taxes that caused the warring in eēn and imino . 
 people have died in those wars . 
 many , many people , who wanted to help , who left their own homes and families to do it . 
 and they did n't get monuments . 
 they barely get remembrance . ' 
 cora followed his gaze down to a tiny gravestone just along from the monument . 
 the names read ` johnus and katrienne kile ' . 
 then cora realised for the first time something she never had in the eight tanes she and adri had been together . 
 ` they were mercy missionaries . ' 
 ` killed in cold blood in imino . ' 
 adri had never told her . 
 why had he never told her ? 
 ` murray , i 'm so sorry . ' 
 ` matara was a city which , for some in a place like targu , seemed like perfection . 
 no war , good trade , no taxes . 
 but so influential . 
 and so safe . ' 
 and for once , murray looked directly into her gaze , in a way that only adri ever could , but also a way that he never had . 
 ` how could you leave it , princess corana ? ' 
 murray knew ? 
 ` adri is n't an idiot , but he did n't know . ' 
 there was bitterness in the remark . 
 adri was his brother and she had made him a fool . 
 ` imarko knew though . 
 and i bet sortare did . 
 and errin , even ? 
 that pendant you always wore , the one you no longer have , it 's a part of the mataran emblem that represents kinship . 
 only a small part , you 'd have to be really familiar with design to see it . 
 but it 's on the arms of the royal house of peri . 
 your royal house . ' 
 cora could think of no other excuse but for : ` i 'm not that person anymore . ' 
 it felt empty because it was . 
 ` no matter how many little village meetings you go to , you will always be the daughter of a queen . 
 why did you abandon them ? ' 
 a tear that she had not felt coming rolled from her cheek as those words left his lips . 
 why ? 
 was this the time ? 
 did this place have to be where this conversation took place ? 
 a graveyard . 
 full of the last remnants of those whose lives came and went as the sun . 
 once their last sunset had passed they were brushed into memory for their sun to be erased and make way for the next . 
 of course . 
 this was exactly where it should take place . 
 because she had tried to do this for herself , but while those ghosts remained it would never be forgotten . 
 ` when my mother united with premo i did n't speak to her for twenty suns . 
 it was never the same between us , and when she died he was planning to use me only as a pawn monarch before i came of age . 
 she 'd changed the laws to have him lord counsellor in my minority , but it was n't enough for him . ' 
 her words stuck in her throat . 
 she felt her stomach churn as she filtered through her memories , shameful . 
 she bit her lip , silencing her true thoughts . 
 ` i could n't spend two tanes as his puppet , fearing for my life every sun . 
 so i let down every person in that city and ran . ' 
 ` how do you know he wanted you dead ? ' 
 he asked her calmly . 
 ` he tried to have the laws changed again whilst my mother was still alive so that he could inherit matara before i would . ' 
 disgust rose in her throat . 
 ` my mother , no matter her faults , would never allow that rule to change . 
 blood is blood . 
 but he wanted to be king , and i was the only thing standing in his way . ' 
 ` you still are . ' 
 ` are you sure adri did n't know ? ' 
 her eyes pleaded for it to be true . 
 ` you 'd know if he did . ' 
 cora looked back at the small gravestone for the parents of the man she loved and whose whereabouts she was painfully unaware of , and in the moment drew in her pride . 
 ` it 's time i held myself responsible is n't it ? ' 
 ` i 'd give my life for that opportunity . ' 
 cora had never looked at murray and seen his brother so starkly in him before . 
 but those deep eyes and intelligent determination gave her everything she needed to finally take the lead . 
 ` meet us at the stables at low twelve . ' 
 twenty-eight mount sallv pass the glinting chariots came to a halt as they neared the end of the long , empty tunnel . 
 adri practically leapt from the one he was riding and moved to leyna , helping her down and checking how she was . 
 before them were two doors ; quite plain , very simplistic , but huge . 
 as voran approached them they swung inward . 
 neither leyna nor adri could tell whether they had been pulled by other people , or pushed by other means . 
 voran led them on into a great hall , and as they stepped in the doors behind them boomed to a close . 
 the hall was spectacular . 
 there were lavish decorations covering almost every inch of the rocky walls . 
 a mixture of tapestries depicting events neither of them recognised , patterned drapes between them and sparkling glass torches glowed with bright , white flames at intervals . 
 above them the huge space rose so far the roof of the hall could not be seen , only darkness . 
 voran halted , adri and leyna following his lead , and the warrior left them alone in the centre of the hall . 
 before them was an inconceivably high flight of steps ascending into the darkness . 
 leyna stood a little behind adri , gripping his arm in caution . 
 ` you have travelled far , ' a voice resounded from somewhere above . 
 then almost in an instant a seated woman appeared halfway up the flight , surrounded by light without a source . 
 ` yet , you have further to go . ' 
 ` yes , ' adri replied , his voice echoing loudly . 
 ` and our time is short . ' 
 leyna could feel adri 's arm shaking slightly beneath her fingers . 
 he was channelling his fear , hiding it behind those stern responses . 
 ` i know . ' 
 ` do you ? ' 
 he said , not believing a word of it . 
 she regarded him with interest . 
 ` you have good cause for your anger . 
 but directed at the wrong party . ' 
 ` you kidnapped us . 
 i think the direction of my anger is satisfactory . ' 
 ` kidnapped ? ' 
 she replied , moving her focus briefly to voran stood with the other warriors by the closed doors . 
 ` did my guards force you here ? ' 
 ` no , but ... ' she signalled the doors with her outstretched arm . 
 ` if you wish , you are free to leave . ' 
 a creak hovered on the air . 
 adri glanced behind them . 
 voran was standing by the doors , one of them now open . 
 ` we do n't even know where we are . 
 or who you are . ' 
 ` my name is iyenesur . 
 i am the high priestess , and you are in the koracan . ' 
 twenty-nine mystery telena 's mouth dropped as her pencil brushed lightly over the mountain range she 'd drawn . 
 how did this city exist within it ? 
 she sat up and leaned back , viewing her map as a whole . 
 she had rayan and cormaro , targu , lisser and matara spread out as she 'd understood them to be from the pages . 
 the mount sallv and the torc mountain ranges . 
 her prenitia was growing , and becoming more mysterious as it went . 
 her attention snapped to the window where a haggard old face was peering in . 
 telena screwed up hers in return ; why was that old woman watching them . 
 or , more correctly , why was she watching aznee ? 
 ` aznee ? ' 
 her brother looked up . 
 telena shifted her eyes to the window where those wrinkled ones peered through . 
 as soon as she 'd been clocked the old lady sped off with uncanny swiftness . 
 aznee jumped up , striding to the window . 
 the woman was gone by the time he reached the glass . 
 he shared a look with telena , who shrugged with a grimace and returned to her book . 
 aznee looked to his desk . 
 he wondered if she had been watching because of that bottle she 'd given him . 
 he could n't do much with telena here . 
 he 'd have to wait . 
 thirty the koracan the cynicism in adri 's expression had n't left even with the exposition . 
 ` iyenesur ? 
 the high priestess ? 
 never heard of you . ' 
 a faint smile passed her lips . 
 ` i would n't expect it ... adri . ' 
 she really had been expecting them . 
 ` so , i 'm more famous than you , ' he stated , withholding his genuine surprise . 
 iyenesur eyed him thoughtfully . 
 ` you have lost one of your own . 
 a young man . 
 brother . ' 
 ` hmm , nice try , but we 've lost two . ' 
 ` the other is not one of yours . ' 
 ` she belonged with me . ' 
 his voice rose with that anger he had been trying to avail himself of . 
 ` you do n't know her . ' 
 ` do you ? ' 
 adri bolted to the foot of the stairs . 
 ` you do n't know anything about us ! ' 
 his words vibrated through the air and the priestess ' expression hardened . 
 she rose from her seat and began the descent . 
 ` do not underestimate what you do not understand . 
 i speak as i find . ' 
 adri stood firm , his eyes locked with hers . 
 ` this young woman - ' ` she 's my friend . ' 
 leyna 's heart skipped when he said it . 
 before that moment she had n't considered him anything other than murray 's brother and her protector . 
 he had made her matter . 
 ` her life is someone else 's , ' iyenesur said , gaze passing to leyna . 
 leyna 's grip tightened around his arm . 
 ` her life is her own . ' 
 iyenesur was finding him amusing , as if she had never had such a vibrant debate with anyone before . 
 ` you have great belief in your own judgement . ' 
 ` you have too much judgement of others . ' 
 she reached the last step . 
 their gazes burned through each other , adri attempting to anticipate her next move , and the priestess seeming to already know his . 
 ` i did n't imply it as a failure . ' 
 adri could feel the sparks between them , the roaring tension pulsing through him . 
 something about this woman was making him feel odd , his breath quickened and deepened as they worked each other out . 
 she , however , seemed to have no such experience , and she broke the gaze . 
 ` but destiny is hard to break . ' 
 as she moved past him and reached her hand towards leyna , adri snapped to stop her . 
 ` do n't touch her ! ' 
 but he was suddenly frozen , the priestess ' hand resting just above his chest , and her eyes staring into him . 
 ` i will not harm you . ' 
 adri dropped to his knees as she pulled her hand away , gasping for breath , struggling to stay upright . 
 leyna fell to her knees beside him . 
 ` adri ! 
 are you alright ? ' 
 ` i - i 'm ... ' he sucked in another , deeper breath , regaining control of his body , and he looked to iyenesur . 
 for the first time is so many tanes his words were complete truth . 
 ` i 'm fine . ' 
 the priestess merely smiled back . 
 thirty-one targu long after the sun had gone and the villagers of targu retired , there were whispers and noises being hushed within the stables . 
 the horses were objecting to the rustling and were being soothed with gentle words . 
 then moments later four of the animals were led from the wooden buildings into the greeting yard , by cora , kertia and imarko . 
 footsteps padded swiftly in the dark , and the warrior heads gripped their weapons . 
 it was just murray , moving as quietly as he could from within the village . 
 ` the only way out is the gatehouse , ' he said with certainty . 
 cora turned her horse towards the main gates . 
 ` then that 's where we go . ' 
 kertia drew his sword with a wicked grin . 
 ` i 'll deal with the footman , ' he said , recalling how hal had treated them earlier that sun and hoping it was he they 'd have to pass . 
 cora , imarko and murray grasped their own animal 's reigns and mounted . 
 only kertia remained on foot , guiding his horse towards the gatehouse . 
 as they reached it , kertia pulled open the door to the little hovel the footman rested in and was greeted with a frightened looking boy . 
 kertia sneered ; annoyed he could n't take revenge on their initial interrogator , but pulled the boy out regardless . 
 ` open the gate , ' the warrior ordered . 
 the boy began to fiddle with his keys and looked up to kertia , then to the other rayan warriors . 
 ` i ca n't ... ' he said with a shiver in his voice . 
 kertia held his sword a little higher . 
 ` oh , i think you probably can . ' 
 ` they wo n't like it ... ' kertia 's gaze followed his , to the group of targuan warriors standing behind the small troupe . 
 they were surrounded , their little rebellion over . 
 the doors to the mayor 's greeting room flew open crashing heavily into the walls that held them . 
 it was cora who marched in hurriedly , flanked by the targuan warriors that had caught her and her kin . 
 kertia and imarko followed close behind , stopping not far from the angered woman . 
 murray remained silent at the back . 
 rydan stood , wearily . 
 cora stopped right in front of him . 
 ` i was sleeping , warrior , like the rest of the village . ' 
 ` you have to let us out of here , ' she ordered unhesitant . 
 he brushed her order away with his hand and a sigh . 
 ` you are free to leave . 
 our horses stay . ' 
 she pressed her hands heavily onto his desk . 
 ` you are going to kill not only my people , but yours if you do not help us get to vano . ' 
 ` as i said - ' ` it 's not good enough ! ' 
 she roared . 
 imarko and kertia shared a look . 
 this warrior never lost her temper like that . 
 cora turned , regaining her composure . 
 she looked to murray with that understanding they had already shared . 
 her eyes pleaded with him . 
 he nodded gently , and with that cora turned back to rydan . 
 ` mayor rydan , ' she began calmly , an air of grace overcoming her voice . 
 ` if matara makes it through this war , then i offer you this . 
 she will protect targu for the rest of her existence , providing the welfare of the citizens is taken care of satisfactorily . 
 she shall give you a magician - city status . 
 she shall extend your barricades and provide new armour and arms for every one of your warriors . ' 
 cora leaned in closer to the avidly interested mayor . 
 ` but you must , right now , give me the means to take my warriors to vano safely , and i give you my word , all i have said will be done . ' 
 rydan paused . 
 he looked at imarko . 
 kertia . 
 murray standing at the back . 
 then he turned his attention back to cora , something in her eyes telling him she was not tricking him . 
 ` and , how , my dear rayan warrior , are you going to be sure this happens ? ' 
 a breath . 
 ` because i am corana jaenne peri , the queen of matara . 
 and i 'm taking back my home . ' 
 murray and imarko were not surprised . 
 murray lowered his gaze , exhaling , taking in everything that had just happened . 
 ` is this true ? ' 
 rydan asked , giddy , to the small crew at the back . 
 ` it 's true , you have my word , ' imarko replied . 
 kertia scowled - the only one of them genuinely shocked and fuming . 
 he marched from the building , but nobody objected . 
 cora had just handed targu a future on a platter , one that was likely their only hope of progressing into the future if the country survived these dark suns . 
 mayor rydan was not that stupid a man to refuse . 
 if she lost , only four horses were sacrificed . 
 but if she won ... it was n't long before cora and imarko had mounted the , now approved , horses . 
 saddlebags hung lightly from two others and they waited for murray and kertia to join them . 
 mayor rydan waited nearby , smugness plastered on his face . 
 ` the villagers will be safest here . 
 is it satisfactory for our warriors to stay with them ? ' 
 she asked , out of politeness only ; she knew he could not refuse . 
 ` they all have skills , they will be useful to you . ' 
 ` i see no problem in it . ' 
 of course he does n't . 
 murray emerged from the resting huts the rayan villagers were in , closely followed by partreek and kertia . 
 imarko leaned down , handing his central head emblem to his friend . 
 ` partreek , i leave you in charge . ' 
 murray shook kertia 's hand and mounted his animal . 
 ` thank you , mayor rydan , ' cora said expressionless . 
 imarko got himself ready to leave . 
 ` kertia . 
 we must hurry . ' 
 ` i 'm not coming . ' 
 ` kertia - ' ` there 's no rayan anymore , imarko , i 'm not under your orders , ' he replied , his tone more of regret than defiance . 
 ` i 'd rather stay with people who i know . ' 
 cora understood that tone perfectly . 
 ` kertia , there 's no time to explain now . 
 but there will be . ' 
 his expression left her cold and somewhat shamed . 
 ` i 'm not going to abandon the few people that are left . ' 
 ` we need you ... ' she said , shaking her head in disbelief at the situation . 
 his was a growl back at her . 
 ` how does it feel ? ' 
 the gates were opened to allow the party to leave . 
 cora sat up straight in her saddle . 
 ` we 'll be back for you . ' 
 the final glance passed to her old , and now seemingly former , friend . 
 ` all of you . ' 
 then they were gone . 
 thirty - two the koracan leyna had spent the time she and adri had been in the koracan wandering around its caverns . 
 they were all dark but for those pretty glass torches burning white flames , and she 'd come across only more tunnels , and steps leading down to darkness . 
 she had passed a few doors , the chambers of those who lived here she expected , and avoided invading their privacy . 
 but it was a long while before she saw a different light emitting from around a corner and moved faster to investigate . 
 as she stepped through a rocky archway she found herself in a garden . 
 beautiful , full , blooming and rich with colour soaked in what she could have sworn was sunlight ; but there was no sun down there . 
 she did n't have to force herself to inhale the myriad scents and brush her fingers over the familiar plants that surrounded her . 
 as she followed the sound to what she thought was a small waterfall there appeared a little wooden shelter , buried snugly within an array of red , swirling flowers . 
 she sat down , some kind of release passing through her , and the odd feeling she 'd had as she stepped through those doors into the great hall and met a high priestess . 
 something moved in the corner of her eye and she turned to see a woman leaning over a bush of those red flowers , inhaling the scent . 
 she had something of the elegance of cora about her and could n't have been much older than her in age . 
 the woman 's gaze passed from the flowers to leyna , who dropped her eyes , feeling rude to have been staring . 
 but the woman stood tall and when leyna looked back up she was beckoning her over . 
 as leyna rose from her seat and wandered closer to the woman , she noticed something striking about her appearance . 
 her face had a mass of beautiful , curling tattoos that led down her neck and slipped under her delicate dress , emerging on her arm . 
 she had seen the symbols before but could n't fathom from where . 
 ` leyna . 
 how do you like it ? ' 
 the woman asked , her accent odd to leyna 's ears . 
 ` i 'm sorry ? ' 
 leyna blurted , pulling her gaze from the patterns on the woman 's bronze skin and trying to conceal her surprise at her name being known . 
 ` our garden . ' 
 leyna sighed as she took in the glorious colours . 
 ` it 's beautiful . ' 
 ` may i show you something ? ' 
 on leyna 's nod the woman guided her away from the shelter and to that small waterfall she had heard . 
 they were deep in the garden now , and leyna wondered if she would ever find her way back . 
 but something different caught her eye after the thought . 
 the small pool at the bottom of the waterfall was surrounded by leafless bushes of the little blue flowers she and adri had seen out on mount sallv . 
 ` is that ... ? ' 
 ` the flower you were climbing for ? ' 
 the woman asked , already knowing the answer . 
 ` mesenara . 
 he was right . ' 
 leyna remembered what adri had said about mesenara . 
 she wondered whether enquiring further would make her seem suspiciously interested . 
 but in here , a city ruled by a priestess , there would be no chance of her removing any by herself , and she resolved to ask . 
 ` does it ... does it really heal all wounds ? ' 
 the woman brushed her fingers against the pretty little flower with no leaves . 
 ` mesenara heals only what is meant to be healed . ' 
 the woman unhooked a little pouch from her waist and picked a few of the flowers , placing them carefully within it . 
 she handed it to leyna , the young woman 's expression stunted into silence . 
 the woman regarded the pale , thin girl before her and brushed a few stray hairs from her face . 
 ` he will protect you . ' 
 with a soft smile , the woman left leyna alone by the pool , surrounded by mystical flowers in their overwhelming scent , and stunned by the incredulity of the situation . 
 in another part of the koracan , a relaxing inner sanctum , adri stood mesmerised by the fountain in the centre . 
 around him were wonderful carvings and incredible tapestries like the ones in the hall , but it was the fountain that intrigued him . 
 it was stunningly carved , flowing almost as if it were only light , and practically silent . 
 he could n't for the life of him imagine how it worked . 
 as he tilted his head in wonderment , a woman appeared on the opposite side . 
 she looked up through her lashes at the young warrior , her entire self almost glowing , and gazed serenely at both him and the fountain . 
 he noticed her after a few moments . 
 i 'm meisa , he heard . 
 ` i 'm adri , ' he answered . 
 she dropped her gaze shyly , but it was n't long before their eyes met again . 
 you are very beautiful . 
 this time his focus swayed totally from the silent feature . 
 he did n't know how to answer her . 
 he wondered if he 'd imagined the voice as he did n't recall seeing her lips move . 
 he ran his hand down his beard and stepped slowly sideways around the fountain . 
 ` i need a shave , ' he said to her , a little smile rising . 
 as he moved nearer to her the further she moved from him , but only around the stone barrier of the fountain . 
 ` you do n't want to talk to me , now ? ' 
 i have to tell you something . 
 he felt himself stop , but not by choice . 
 then thoughts began pounding within his head , racing faster than they ever had before , and he felt pain at having so much thundering within and no means to stop it . 
 he saw cora , tanes before , even before they had met . 
 he saw matara and the king . 
 then cora again , knelt by the bedside of the dying mother , tears in her eyes ... the thoughts stopped suddenly , and a wave of sickness rolled through his gut . 
 their gazes met again , and the images poured through . 
 cora held down , a hand over her mouth . 
 someone was - no , he could n't watch , but he could n't get it out of his head . 
 someone was forcing her down , forcing themselves on her - he felt himself retch , as if he were feeling everything whilst he saw it . 
 then the face . 
 a huge rugged man , dark beard , panting furiously over the stiffened girl beneath , one hand clamped around her wrists , one over her mouth , and his eyes ... they glowed green , he was sure of it . 
 he did n't recognise the face , he 'd never set eyes on him , but he knew who it was . 
 somehow , he knew . 
 it was premo . 
 the images vanished . 
 adri inhaled deeply , the feeling subsiding almost as quickly , and he turned back to meisa who had already moved away from the fountain . 
 she was approaching iyenesur who had entered at the small archway . 
 meisa whispered something to her and left the room . 
 adri was compelled to sit , and he lowered himself to the stone surround of the fountain , shuddering . 
 he felt tears pour from his eyes , and after a short confusion he wiped them away . 
 the priestess approached quietly ; adri met her eyes . 
 ` did he really do that to her ? ' 
 adri looked towards the door that meisa had left through . 
 ` meisa . 
 she said her name was meisa . 
 she told me . 
 in my head . 
 she just told me - showed me , everything about cora . 
 it was so quick . ' 
 ` it is the mouth that speaks slowly , adri , not the mind . ' 
 his head bowed . 
 ` she 's alive . 
 and a queen . 
 she ran away ... it 's why she ran . 
 i do n't know what i 'm meant to do . ' 
 this time , the tears were truly his . 
 ` look at the task which is of most importance to you right now , this moment , and be sure you 've accomplished that before moving on . ' 
 ` we have to reach lisser . 
 leyna , where is she ? ' 
 ` viewing some of the city . ' 
 he felt another tear fall and brushed it away . 
 ` i pushed her too hard . ' 
 ` she is a difficult young woman to read , but she is grateful . 
 the bond you created is strong . ' 
 adri stood sharply , inhaling deeply , gathering his thoughts . 
 ` we can stay for no longer than a night . 
 how far are we from lisser ? ' 
 ` on foot ? 
 about forty turns of the sun . ' 
 ` forty ! ' 
 he exclaimed in horror , feeling a sudden surge of ungratefulness . 
 ` i 'm sorry ... sorry , but we were so much closer . ' 
 iyenesur stood unperturbed . 
 ` when you leave you can be taken directly to the torc range if you wish . ' 
 ` how is that possible ? ' 
 how was any of this possible ? 
 mesenara . 
 falling to their deaths . 
 a high priestess in a hidden city ? 
 ` keep your faith , adri . 
 anything is possible . ' 
 thirty-three the prenitian plains through the night , the mataran army continued to move . 
 there would be no slacking now , no haughty expressions of grandeur and conquering . 
 their king who had so vehemently promised a countrywide kingdom and endless spoils to those following him had been reduced to retreat on a matter nobody was quite sure of . 
 kurayne trotted forward to the king , who was riding ahead of the rest of the warriors . 
 ` your majesty . ' 
 he slowed his horse to premo 's pace . 
 ` the troops ... they want to know why we are going back now . ' 
 a few moments passed between them until premo finally reached into his pocket and pulled out that pendant . 
 he threw it to the master . 
 ` i do n't ... ' kurayne started , until he looked harder at the design , at the shape and the emblem . 
 then he recognised it . 
 he had last seen that pendant over eight tanes before . 
 ` our permanent nightmare , kurayne . 
 her body was not in that village . ' 
 ` and you think she 's going home ? ' 
 kurayne asked , genuinely interested . 
 ` i know it , ' the king confirmed . 
 kurayne handed the pendant back and as premo continued on with a dark expression , his warrior began to fall back little by little , letting a small , hopeful smile creep upon his face . 
 the queen was alive and she was returning . 
 the army 's loyalties were to be tested once and for all . 
 thirty-four the koracan leyna lay sleeping in the large , warm room within the koracan dressed in a light set of bed wear . 
 her fingers twitched and her eyes flickered as she slipped into a dream ... a small fire burns . 
 no smoke . 
 no noise . 
 leyna stirs on the soft mattress rolled out on the floor . 
 she has a huge cloak laid over her . 
 her eyes open . 
 for a moment she just focuses on the fire . 
 she sits up , looks around . 
 no-one . 
 the forest is silent ... leyna awoke sharply in the bed . 
 suddenly swept with fear that extended to having to leave that place she was induced with a need to see adri , the only person she could be certain of now . 
 she crept from her room and towards the next , peering through the partially open doorway . 
 adri sat on his bed , his covers pushed back and his brow dropped in thought under the shadow cast by the dim light . 
 ` adri ? ' 
 she whispered through the gap . 
 ` yeah ? ' 
 he raised his head and saw leyna standing in the doorway . 
 ` is everything alright ? ' 
 he said , a flash of worry replacing his thoughtfulness . 
 ` can i come in ? ' 
 she said shyly . 
 her demeanour calmed his fears and he nodded gently . 
 ` sure . ' 
 she crept into his room , pushing the door almost closed again and padded over to the bed . 
 ` i thought you might be asleep . ' 
 ` i could n't . ' 
 he had been thinking about cora the whole time . 
 ` you ? ' 
 ` i tried . 
 had a dream . ' 
 adri motioned for her to sit beside him and moved over as she climbed next to him on the bed . 
 ` my mind 's telling me that our journey 's ended , ' she said , feeling too heavily that this place felt more like home that the faraway reality they had left . 
 ` but i know that 's not true . ' 
 ` it 's alright . 
 i 'm getting the same feeling . ' 
 leyna pulled her legs up to her chest . 
 she rested her chin against them with a question sitting on the tip of her tongue , that she was n't sure she wanted the answer to . 
 ` adri ? ' 
 his gaze dropped to her , with a light smile . 
 he 'd noticed that much about her , she did that , said his name , when she wanted to know something important . 
 ` leyna . ' 
 ` you said `` i can see why he likes you '' . 
 you were talking about murray . ' 
 she 'd finally worked it out . 
 ` i was , ' he replied , without hesitation . 
 she sighed , thinking about murray and all the good things he 'd taught her . 
 all the kindness he 'd shown her . 
 ` i do n't . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` see . ' 
 ` you really do n't do you ? ' 
 that wave of shame swept back through him . 
 he 'd been ignorant of his brother 's judge of character and merely treated her with the contempt everyone else did her mother . 
 without reason and without understanding . 
 no wonder the villagers did n't want to follow the advice of people like him . 
 cora was right . 
 then a sense of honesty that had bubbled its way to the surface overcame him . 
 ` the way you speak , the way you see things , the way you present yourself . 
 it 's so simple , so pure , so honest . 
 you 're a good person , ' he told her , in all sincerity . 
 ` why could my mother never tell me those things ? ' 
 ` because , for whatever reason , she could n't see them . ' 
 they had moved closer to each to each other . 
 their body heat bore a safety , reminded them they were alive , they had survived . 
 ` do you believe in alacaethe ? ' 
 ` i do n't know , ' adri said . 
 ` i always thought if they were still around after ... if they could still hear us and see us they 'd let us know . 
 it did n't happen with our parents . ' 
 that was a revelation that murray had not shared with her . 
 ` you lost your parents ? ' 
 he nodded sadly . 
 ` killed in imino , taking supplies to the wounded . ' 
 ` but murray told me ... ' ` that we visit our parents every tane ? 
 we do . ' 
 an alternative escape route fluttered through his mind . 
 he wondered if cora had second guessed premo 's actions , now working on the understanding that she had known his habits all along . 
 ` i wonder if they went to targu . 
 he 's never visited their graves alone , ' he whispered half to himself . 
 ` i do n't know how i 'm meant to feel . ' 
 maranda 's glaring eyes , her harsh words shot through leyna 's head . 
 how could she feel sympathy for that woman ? 
 ` what did you do , when you found out ? ' 
 ` went crazy . 
 almost died because of it . 
 then ran away to rayan to start a new life . 
 murray was n't going to grow up with that shadow . 
 that was for me . 
 ironic that his freedom seemed to be your cage . ' 
 his brother 's words filled his head . 
 do n't you lie to me , adri . 
 what was the point in keeping up the lie ? 
 if they ever saw cora and murray again , the last thing he 'd want to do would be to tear them apart . 
 ` that 's why i came to get you , ' he confessed , finally . 
 ` not because i 'm a warrior and protect is what i do . 
 it was because murray asked me to . ' 
 everything that had happened , everything murray had said to her , all those nights she had sat and watched him and never understood why . 
 she must have been falling in love with him , if that 's what love was , anyway . 
 how could she know , really ? 
 the only truth was that it hurt and she was desperate to see him again . 
 her eyes welled , and adri , protectively but also ashamed of himself , curled his arm around her shoulder . 
 it was hard for them both . 
 if they were n't careful they 'd just end up weeping all night , exhausting themselves . 
 ` so this dream , was it bad ? ' 
 ` not really , ' leyna sniffed . 
 ` i 'm just not so sure it was a dream . ' 
 ` pretty hard to tell recently . 
 so what happened ? ' 
 she rested her head against him and recalled the memory . 
 ` i woke up in the forest ... ' leyna is sitting up . 
 she is still for a few moments . 
 she gets up , walks forward , crashes into the forest as if it were a screen . 
 the ` forest ' is opened like a curtain . 
 leyna steps out and sees that holding the ` forest ' open is a woman dressed in practical , mahrken clothing . 
 ` please , join us , ' she asks politely . 
 leyna steps into the real forest . 
 spread out near the campfire sit a group of women of varied ages . 
 as leyna turns back to the tent it disappears . 
 it 's invisible on the outside too . 
 ` may i ask your name ? ' 
 the first woman says softly . 
 ` leyna . ' 
 ` i am aranye . ' 
 then in turn , she points to the women at the fire . 
 ` this is farren , delane and turamar . ' 
 leyna squints , her memories faint . 
 ` i fell . 
 into the river . ' 
 ` you did , ' aranye agrees . 
 ` and farren here saved your life . ' 
 farren looks smugly at the strange young visitor . 
 ` adri ? ' 
 she had left him fighting that hunter . 
 ` you had a friend ? 
 we have n't seen him . ' 
 delane stands and invites leyna to join them at the fire . 
 ` please sit , leyna . 
 we 're just practising . ' 
 delane sits back down as leyna seats herself beside her . 
 delane and farren stare at the fire . 
 barely moments pass and the flame starts changing to purple , then red , then blue . 
 suddenly a great fanged shape leaps out at leyna - she jumps back . 
 ` how did you do that ? ' 
 she whispers , eyes wide . 
 farren raises a brow . 
 ` well we ca n't just tell the secrets of the ayisa meya to every strange person in the country , can we ? ' 
 farren and delane giggle amongst themselves . 
 aranye looks strongly at them both . 
 ` you must forgive farren , she is only an apprentice and not accustomed with etiquette for visitors . 
 delane , however , is . ' 
 farren , shamed , moves away from the fire . 
 ` an apprentice ? ' 
 ` have you ever heard of the ayisa meya or seck tora ? ' 
 aranye asks her , probably aware of the answer . 
 ` no . ' 
 ` we are groups of magicians who live purely for magic . ' 
 leyna looks around the group . 
 ` you do n't work for cities like other magicians ? ' 
 the other women smirk at this . 
 aranye almost does herself . 
 ` no . 
 we would never ... lower ourselves to a level of slavery . ' 
 ` i suppose she thinks we worship the gods too , ' farren pipes from near the tent . 
 ` farren . ' 
 aranye 's voice has a frightful tone to it . 
 ` do you not believe in them ? ' 
 ` we know they exist , ' she says with absolute surety . 
 ` but worship is for lower beings . 
 when you have power , you should use that power for your own causes . ' 
 she regards leyna 's slightly fearful but highly intrigued expression . 
 ` have you ever tried to access your own inner magic ? ' 
 ` i doubt i have any . ' 
 ` nearly everyone has it , ' aranye corrects . 
 ` it 's just the strength of it that is different . 
 hold out your hands . ' 
 leyna does as she 's asked . 
 aranye places her fingertips against leyna 's and closes her eyes . 
 after a few moments aranye 's eyes open . 
 ` your power ... it 's very strong . ' 
 she glances at turamar with an expectant look . 
 ` would you like to try and change the flame ? ' 
 though with no idea what she 's doing , leyna agrees . 
 aranye sits just to the side of her guiding her through it . 
 ` close your eyes . 
 now clear your mind of everything . 
 see just darkness . ' 
 simple enough , leyna thinks . 
 ` now , open your eyes . 
 focus on the flame . 
 look right into it , see nothing else . ' 
 leyna gazes so long into the yellow light that her eyes will take nothing else in , even if she wanted them to . 
 ` now see the colours - feel the colours - imagine the colours all changing to white . ' 
 everything aranye asks of her she seems to be following to perfection . 
 ` now pick your favourite colour . 
 make the flame the colour you want . ' 
 leyna stares and stares . 
 how am i meant to - ? 
 the flame flashes green for a moment , then back to normal . 
 ` did i do that ? ' 
 she asks , excited . 
 ` was that me ? ' 
 ` that was you . 
 how would you like to do this always ? ' 
 aranye says in a passing tone . 
 ` learn some real magic . 
 deep magic . ' 
 ` you 're asking me to join you ? ' 
 ` there is a reason we are here . 
 we felt the presence of new , untapped power in prenitia . ' 
 leyna feels the eyes of the other women upon her , all at once , all waiting , all expecting . 
 ` we have recently lost a member and must now recruit to replace her . 
 you , leyna , would be an asset to our company . 
 we ask only people with the truest potential . ' 
 what she could do if she held the power they had . 
 what she could achieve . 
 she could protect everyone she cared about and more . 
 but then , there was adri . 
 he was waiting . 
 he would think her dead . 
 ` i ca n't . 
 not right now . 
 i have to find adri . 
 we have to get to lisser . ' 
 aranye 's tone slips into slight anger . 
 ` is it that important ? ' 
 ` yes it is . ' 
 and right then , it is . 
 aranye nods , accepting , and signals to delane . 
 delane hands leyna 's bag to her . 
 ` there is food in there . 
 and this cloak will keep you warmer than that thing you wear . 
 there 's one for your friend also . ' 
 delane goes back to the fire . 
 ` thank you . ' 
 ` but , leyna , ' aranye says sternly . 
 ` your future is still of high importance to us . ' 
 leyna shifted on the bed , a chill overcoming her from the memory . 
 ` that 's all i remember . 
 the ayisa meya and seck tora , i 've never seen anything written about them , do you know of them ? ' 
 ` very little , ' he said thoughtfully . 
 ` but they 're known to recruit rarely and be very , very picky . ' 
 ` now there 's nothing left , maybe that 's all my future holds . 
 ` they 're rogue , and they 're famed for being merciless to followers of gods . 
 you 're nothing like them , ' he told her firmly . 
 ` it 's time we slept . ' 
 ` can i stay here ? ' 
 something stirred within in that he had n't felt before . 
 the question of whether that was wise . 
 he shook it off . 
 ` sure . ' 
 he pulled the covers up to leyna 's neck and , still lying in his arms , she closed her eyes . 
 thirty-five matara dommaris stood in keno 's office holding one of the small bottles keno lifted from yesmi 's storage . 
 on keno 's desk lay the other bottles and the two glass objects from the chest . 
 ` when they mix , ' he said , pointing at the bottles , ` they cause any magician to be bound to the spot . 
 they must be within the circle and beneath the glass . ' 
 he nodded , attempting to back up his theory with belief in it . 
 ` and when we bind lorosa to that spot , what will we do with him ? ' 
 dommaris asked , placing the little bottle down . 
 keno shrugged . 
 ` maybe it 'll distract him enough to drop his hold on yesmi . ' 
 but dommaris was n't so sure . 
 he was trapping a well-trained witch with barely an inkling of losing power ; surely some little trick they rustled up would n't hold him . 
 ` and , keno , if it does n't ? ' 
 keno cleared his throat . 
 ` there are other measures we must take alongside it . ' 
 ` my boy , i sincerely hope you will not be the one to execute other measures , ' he warned . 
 ` there is no-one else , dommaris . ' 
 the old man sighed and he wandered around the desk to his former apprentice . 
 to keno 's surprise he pulled him into an embrace . 
 ` my dear boy , i did not train you as a warrior . ' 
 he withdrew , but clasped keno 's shoulders tightly . 
 ` when i first saw that scrawny little boy who wanted to be a politician i almost fell over myself laughing . ' 
 ` thank you ! ' 
 keno exclaimed with a laugh . 
 ` but when you began reading the laws and practices of matara and managed to convince even other ministers of your wondrous ideals for prenitia , i knew i had made the right choice . ' 
 ` you were the greatest mentor of all , dommaris . ' 
 ` i know . ' 
 they both laughed . 
 ` but what i did not train you to be was an executioner . 
 this is not kisera . ' 
 keno wandered away from him , peering out of the window , gripping the frame . 
 ` but you know we must draw blood to release her . ' 
 ` it is not your place to harm others . 
 and you were always squeamish at the sight of blood anyway . 
 you will not become that man . 
 leave that to the ones that hold the swords . ' 
 ` so what are we to do ? 
 there is no use going through with this unless there is someone to strike him in the only way that will stop him . ' 
 dommaris wandered to the door . 
 ` leave it to me . 
 the mataran gossip vine may hold some fruit on it yet . 
 we will find your executioner . ' 
 thirty-six the koracan a light glowed over leyna 's face so brightly that she was forced from sleep . 
 she felt adri 's chest rise and fall beneath her head , drawing her back to realise where they were . 
 but she sensed something further . 
 as she sat up , squinting , she saw the priestess standing in the doorway . 
 iyenesur gave her a look that told her to follow . 
 glancing down at adri she saw he still slept soundly , and so she rose from the bed and headed towards the door . 
 iyenesur led her down the corridor and they turned a corner into another . 
 again and again this happened , leyna losing track completely of how far they 'd come and in which direction they were travelling . 
 a final corner was turned and they stopped at a long , dark staircase . 
 ` this is where i leave you , leyna . 
 be sure to get enough sleep before your journey tomorrow . ' 
 the priestess left her alone at the top of the steps . 
 leyna peered down . 
 it could lead to anywhere . 
 then lights burst into life on the walls and the stairs were revealed . 
 she could n't believe the priestess would guide her into danger , but then again , what did they know of her , really ? 
 leyna eyed the corridor they had come from . 
 it was now dark . 
 she would have no chance finding her way back . 
 her one choice was obvious , and she began to descend . 
 the stairs were n't so far down and as they twisted slightly at the bottom leyna emerged in a dark room . 
 the room was immeasurable for size as it was shrouded in darkness . 
 but as leyna stepped in and looked around she noticed someone in there with her . 
 a figure in the corner with their back to her , half-lit by some unknown light source and completely silent . 
 ` h-hello ? ' 
 leyna called . 
 the person in the corner reacted to her call and began to turn . 
 thirty-seven matara keno had waited patiently for this moment . 
 the moment that lorosa wandered down the palace steps and headed for the citizens quarter . 
 just as lorosa reached for the archway keno rushed from his room , grabbing the pouch full of yesmi 's supplies . 
 in his haste , keno did n't see lorosa stop on his journey and turn towards his window . 
 keno sped down the stairs and made his way to the rear corridor of the palace , the small door that the servants used , and quickly began to unpack his small load . 
 he hid the glass diamond in the small pelmet on the door frame and the glass sphere at the base of the curtain , concealed behind it . 
 two of the bottles he opened and poured out , as neatly as he could in the dim light , into a circle , the powders mixing as he went . 
 they were meant to react when the final bottle was smashed , or so he 'd read . 
 the plan was in place . 
 with a deep breath he picked up his pouch and held tightly the final bottle , turning to head back to his office , and to wait for the necromancer 's return . 
 ` minister keno , ' purred the voice behind him . 
 no , it 's too soon . 
 ` i would adore saying this is a pleasure , but it is not . ' 
 keno turned slowly to lorosa who was standing in the doorway , in the circle . 
 through the open door he could see two people approaching outside . 
 one was dommaris and the other ... it must be their secret weapon . 
 ` you have held us to ransom for too long , necromancer . ' 
 keno 's voice boiled with anger and with readiness to end this . 
 he saw the archer outside with dommaris , load his bow . 
 ` we are no longer in need of your services . ' 
 keno launched the little bottle from his hand , it smashed open on the floor , fizzing against the powder and igniting it . 
 the glass diamond and sphere began to glow above and below and a shimmering prison now held lorosa within it . 
 ` been reading your little witch 's books have we ? ' 
 the magician sneered . 
 ` you 've taken enough from us , ' keno bellowed . 
 the archer outside nocked his bow and waited to draw . 
 dommaris knew when he should fire . 
 just when lorosa inevitably broke free of the prison . 
 ` i do n't think i have . ' 
 keno continued with interrogation . 
 why not ? 
 neither of them was going anywhere . 
 ` why did you come here ? ' 
 ` i was invited by my old friend . 
 i should have come sooner ; i would have loved to have met your little princess . ' 
 ` she would have killed you . ' 
 ` i believe you overestimate your protection . 
 was it your witch that told you how to imprison me ? ' 
 lorosa asked , tilting his head slightly . 
 shimmering green hands began to appear around the prison , the green fingers almost pulling it apart . 
 still the archer waited ... too quickly the hands had created an escape for lorosa and he stepped from the prison - ` now ! ' 
 keno yelled . 
 the arrow drew back - flew swift - lorosa spun out of the way as the arrow shot at him , went right past , and thumped into keno 's arm . 
 a vile sneer rose on the necromancer 's face and he threw his arms out , the explosions of the hidden bottles filling the corridor . 
 ` so this was your plan was it ? ' 
 he boomed . 
 ` hide these pathetic little trinkets for your witch to fight with ? ' 
 lorosa steamed past keno who was leaning in agony against the wall . 
 dommaris and the archer rushed into the palace . 
 ` get him ! ' 
 keno roared . 
 ` go now , before he hurts her . ' 
 but lorosa had already descended to the lower floor and was entering the imprisonment room as they spoke . 
 the archer rushed after him and dommaris helped keno up . 
 below ground , lorosa stormed into the witch 's prison . 
 ` why do you not all take heed of your goddess and stay silent ? ' 
 yesmi shot up from the floor where she had been meditating and prepared herself for attack . 
 the archer stepped into the room , bow drawn and aimed . 
 he let loose another arrow - it hit lorosa 's green shield and rebounded across the room . 
 lorosa turned and threw out his hand , a sharp green bolt emitting from it , which exploded around the archer . 
 green hands began to crackle into life over the new orb , reaching in , grasping at the archer 's neck . 
 they squeezed , dozens of them , suffocating him , suppressing his desperate fighting . 
 it was n't long before he hit the floor , the hands still holding tightly , strangling the air from his body . 
 soon he would be dead . 
 lorosa turned back to yesmi concentrating now , only on her . 
 she began to feel it . 
 to gasp again for breath and was forced to her knees . 
 she called out as best she could in reply to her own name , echoing from the corridor . 
 ` keno ? ' 
 she rasped . 
 ` keno ! ' 
 keno dragged himself round the door frame , the arrow still in his arm . 
 ` yesmi ! ' 
 ` you interfere too much for my comfort . ' 
 lorosa 's eyes began to burn green , his power so focused on yesmi that the prison that bound her seemed to smother them both . 
 ` i ca n't see you , keno . 
 i ca n't see anything . ' 
 ` and for as long as i 'm here you 'll hear not another word from that wretched boy 's mouth . ' 
 yesmi looked up , trying to see where the voice was coming from . 
 ` ke - ' she screamed . 
 then there was silence . 
 as the cloudy green prison began to return to its original state yesmi was knelt on the ground , her head on her lap and her hands clasped over her head . 
 lorosa turned back to the doorway . 
 keno was still leaning there , pressing at the wound that the still embedded arrow had made . 
 the necromancer walked past him and leaned to his ear . 
 ` i 'll take everyone in your life , minister keno . ' 
 lorosa looked at dommaris who was supporting keno with his fading energy . 
 ` just test me again . ' 
 the room was quiet . 
 yesmi had n't moved . 
 ` yesmi ? ' 
 keno called . 
 there was nothing . 
 keno walked in pain towards the energy field . 
 ` yesmi , can you hear me ? 
 yesmi ! ' 
 keno screamed in anger at the top of his voice . 
 but when he drew in another breath , he began to sway , his vision failing and then he saw nothing . 
 lorosa stumbled from the rear doors of the palace , breath sharp , limbs weak . 
 he had been warned not to exert himself , the energy flow uncontrollable if he did , but it had been too tempting to shut that boy 's mouth , to rip the last shred of hope from his veins . 
 it had been worth it , every last moment . 
 clinging to the scummy walls he made his way through the streets as quickly as he could . 
 should he be seen so weak he may not survive another loose of an arrow . 
 but he made it to the carpenter 's house without incident , thundering his fist on the door , and taking a breath , determined not to show his weakness to these base people . 
 as the door opened , lorosa shoved his way in . 
 the carpenter , dyle , normally a heavy-set , gruff man was now reduced to gauntness and started to object until he realised it was the necromancer . 
 he quieted instantly . 
 lorosa was as familiar with this house as he was yuna 's , and all the others he visited . 
 he forced his way to the room at the back of the dwelling and entered . 
 the carpenter 's fene , mileya , one of the palace architects , sat at the bedside , holding the hand of her little girl , felle , tightly as she fitted . 
 she pressed her other hand to the girl 's chest , preventing self-injury . 
 ` i 'm here to help , ' lorosa rasped . 
 his eyes fell to gara , a couple of tanes younger than his sister whose ankles he held tightly . 
 ` get out , take the boy . ' 
 mileya struggled with felle 's contorting . 
 ` please , she 'll hurt herself . ' 
 lorosa stepped forward , shoving mileya aside , and pressed his hand to felle 's head . 
 almost immediately she ceased her struggle . 
 ` leave , ' lorosa ordered . 
 reluctantly , but hugging gara close to her , mileya took a last look at her daughter before lorosa slammed the door in her face . 
 he took a couple of breaths and touched his fingertips lightly to the girl 's . 
 power flowed from him . 
 her contortions returned , but were concentrated in her face . 
 it looked like another , adult face , was trying to barge its way through , to take over her appearance . 
 ` my lord , ' lorosa coughed . 
 the doom-filled rumble that replied was a flurry of words in a language lorosa was ignorant to . 
 but its tone he was not . 
 ` it was the boy , he still holds too much hope ; he still believes he can free her and this city . ' 
 ` you are a fool , necromancer , i should never have deigned this power to your hands , ' his master replied . 
 lorosa dropped his head in shame , in failure , knowing full well how to play the subordination game . 
 ` my lord , you have given me a gift , i wish only to please you . 
 with his spirit crushed he is easier to manipulate , his mind is softer , his memories surface quicker . ' 
 the voice remained silent . 
 lorosa took it as allowance to continue . 
 ` i can gain access more freely , and so finding her will be a smoother process . ' 
 ` you are a manipulator by trade , lorosa , do not believe i can not see through your thinly veiled deception . ' 
 lorosa 's jaw clenched , unsure of whether he would be allowed to leave the room alive , or have his innards fried within his body where he sat . 
 ` but you speak an ounce of truth . 
 weakened states are easier to invade . 
 so remember this next time you wish to waste the power i have given you , for your residence in alacaemire can be duly shortened . ' 
 ` my lord , you honour me . ' 
 ` perhaps you should return the favour . ' 
 a burst of power surged from the girl , lighting up lorosa like the sky at lu tane . 
 the flecks of green energy pumped heavy through his veins , slipping through them like tiny sleens slithering under the skin . 
 he breathed an almost orgasmic sigh , caring not that the carpenter 's family would hear , and his shoulders slumped the moment the flow stopped . 
 the girl 's face almost instantly slipped back to its pale , clammy youth . 
 felle slept soundly . 
 lorosa sat back up straight , drawing his hand through his sweaty hair . 
 yes , that was how he should always feel . 
 unique , invincible . 
 godlike thirty-eight the koracan adri awoke slowly and his hand reached out to the cold space beside him . 
 leyna was n't there . 
 he lifted his head with a sharp breath . 
 standing in his doorway was iyenesur . 
 ` it is time . ' 
 adri got himself ready quickly , changing back into the clothes he had been wearing for the journey so far . 
 after spending time in this place and being able to wash properly he only now noticed how much they stank . 
 but it was necessary . 
 to cover the truth of where they 'd been they must preserve face . 
 no matter how much filth they wallowed in . 
 it was n't long before adri joined leyna in the hall and saw her talking to iyenesur . 
 something about leyna was different . 
 he could n't quite pin it down . 
 the priestess looked to adri as he wandered in and he smiled at leyna in a way to assure she was alright . 
 ` i hope that you both feel you have had adequate rest and sustenance . 
 i would not feel happy about your continuing otherwise . ' 
 ` i have . ' 
 adri could only really speak for himself . 
 he looked at his companion . 
 ` and me , ' leyna agreed . 
 ` is it to torc ? 
 or elsewhere ? ' 
 iyenesur asked them . 
 neither option seemed to be impossible to her . 
 ` torc , definitely . 
 i think the best place for us right now is lisser . ' 
 iyenesur glanced at leyna . 
 ` i agree . 
 my guards will take good care of you . ' 
 leyna stepped forward slightly . 
 ` thank you , high priestess . ' 
 iyenesur smiled and tilted leyna 's chin slightly . 
 ` you should walk with a proud stance , leyna . 
 you have nothing to hide from . ' 
 ` thank you , ' adri called back as voran led them back to the entrance gates . 
 leyna met the priestess ' eyes for a final time . 
 for a moment she thought she saw sadness in them . 
 it was replaced by a short nod and smile . 
 they took up the same chariots in silence and were taken on the exact same journey down that long , plain tunnel , lights flicking on and fading out as they moved along it . 
 when they had finally reached the end , voran led them up a short slope and they both stared in wonder as they saw the dawn sun creeping from the east directly ahead . 
 ` this is where we leave you , ' voran stated as plainly as he had spoken to them when they 'd met . 
 adri and leyna stepped out into the cold of the mountain range in mid-sun and adri turned to answer . 
 voran was gone . 
 the entrance into the mountainside was filled . 
 adri shook his head in disbelief . 
 ` i will never understand magicians . ' 
 as he spoke he squinted ahead , to the horizon , and a hope welled up in him that he had never thought would happen here . 
 ` it 's lisser . ' 
 leyna peered in the same direction , and sure enough there was that shard of stone in the distance . 
 ` that 's really it , ' leyna beamed . 
 ` we 're really there ? ' 
 ` almost , ' he said , a twinkle in his eye and a sigh on his breath . 
 ` we can be there not long after high-sun . ' 
 hope filled leyna 's heart . 
 they had almost made it . 
 the long journey from their desperate , vulnerable village to a powerhouse that could protect them . 
 truly protect them . 
 she had almost forgotten all the stories she 'd read about kisera , laris and xinthi since passing into the koracan . 
 she almost forgot about murray at one point , drawn in by the grandness of the great hall and beauty of the garden with the allure of those mystical plants . 
 then a whoosh passed on the air and a yelp at her side . 
 adri dropped to his knees , his face contorted in pain . 
 she had no idea what was happening . 
 ` adri ? ' 
 as she leaned down to him a bolt from a crossbow flew past her - she groaned as she hit the ground . 
 it was a mataran hunter . 
 likely to have followed the same path they were going to take to lisser before what happened on mount sallv . 
 and now they had been caught . 
 adri pulled his knife from its sheath on leyna 's belt and launched it into the hunter 's thigh . 
 as adri forced himself to his feet , leyna saw the bolt embedded in his side . 
 she could n't tell whether it would soon be a fatal hit but it did n't matter . 
 adri was on his feet and his sword was drawn . 
 the hunter drew his sword , leaving the knife in his thigh , knowing that he would do more damage than good removing it . 
 adri launched into the attack , swiping low . 
 the hunter was taller than he and with severely less skill , but his agility seemed about equal . 
 yet both were stunted by injury . 
 leyna moved back from the range of the warriors . 
 she had to do something ; she could n't let adri down this time . 
 her only hope was the knife . 
 embedded in that hunter 's thigh . 
 as adri and the hunter moved round each other , taking their time and trying to preserve their energy , leyna knew she only had once chance at this , as she would probably be killed if it failed . 
 she waited , between swipes and jabs and swings , she waited . 
 and when the hunter begun to sidle round to face away from her she took a breath . 
 rushing forward she threw out for hands and grasped the knife - she twisted to loosen it and scraped it from his flesh . 
 the hunter thumped her hard , sending her backwards , pressing down with his free hand on his now pouring leg . 
 adri attacked heavier , his advantage cleared . 
 leyna rose behind him with a grimace on her face . 
 she moved quickly , and plunged the knife straight into the back of the enemy . 
 the hunter grunted and reached back trying to grab her . 
 she was too quick , she had moved in good time . 
 adri took his shot , forcing his sword straight through the heart of his foe . 
 when he pulled his sword out the hunter thumped to the ground . 
 the pair looked at each other . 
 and adri collapsed to the ground . 
 ` adri ! ' 
 his lungs heaved , he struggled to speak . 
 ` leyna ... out ... pull it ... get it out ... ' she panicked , frozen - he wanted her to pull it out of him ? 
 ` you have to get the bolt out , ' he hissed in pain . 
 ` poison ... it 's poison . ' 
 she shook her head , tears beginning to well . 
 she breathed deeply , willing them away . 
 ` but , i do n't know how ... adri ... ' ` i will die . 
 you have to ... do it slowly , leyna ... i might pass out ... do n't worry , just shock ... ' his mind could only see the poison from the bolt gradually seeping into his blood and killing him from within . 
 so in a daze leyna pressed her hand down where the bolt was embedded . 
 she grasped the end of it tightly , breath quickening , teeth gritted , and she began to pull . 
 adri tensed under the pain , but she continued , until the end of the bolt emerged from the pool of blood in the wound . 
 she pressed harder on the wound , adri passed out as he predicted , and she was stuck not knowing how she could save him . 
 then ... mesenara ! 
 quickly she yanked open the pouch the elegant woman had given her in the garden and tore out of it the flowers . 
 she exposed adri 's back , the blood pouring so quickly she could barely see the hole . 
 her fingers felt for it , and when the blood flowed slower beneath the pressure of them she forced the flower down onto it . 
 unsure of how much she would need she ripped a few petals from the second flower , added it to the wound and pressed her palms down hard on it - ` leyna . 
 leyna ! ' 
 thirty-nine desperate the curtain flew open , almost blowing out the candle telena had on the table . 
 ` come on . 
 i 'm closing up . ' 
 aznee ordered . 
 telena just stared at him , incredulous . 
 ` i 'm at a crucial moment ... ' she announced . 
 ` there are many more , ' he quipped . 
 ` come on . ' 
 ` aznee ! ' 
 he took the chronicle from under her hands and closed it , moving aside so she could leave . 
 ` i 'm not having you hiding in here all night . 
 as much as i enjoy being right , there 's no more time this sun . ' 
 telena just stared at him again , sitting still and stubborn . 
 ` i 'll make mother ban you from reading the next four . ' 
 ` aaaaaaarrgh ! 
 i 'm not going to sleep because of you ! ' 
 she rolled up her map and shoved her pencil into her satchel . 
 aznee pushed her gently from the back room all the way to the door of the library . 
 ` blame our ancestors . ' 
 telena poked her tongue out and aznee closed the door on her . 
 he took the chronicle back to the shelf it belonged and moved to his desk . 
 he opened the drawer and saw within , still sitting behind the pile of paper , that bottle from the old woman . 
 he pushed the drawer closed and walked out the door . 
 part three whatever happens it wo n't be the end . 
 one secret aznee pulled the drawer open quietly . 
 he 'd already checked to see that telena had n't snuck in again , and so he was safe to remove the bottle he 'd hidden the sun before . 
 it was nothing extraordinary . 
 it looked just like water , actually , but a little muckier . 
 what exactly did that old woman mean telena should do with that ? 
 drink it ? 
 over his dead body . 
 aznee untied the thick ribbon wrapped around the cork lid . 
 he pulled on the cork and it came out with a pop . 
 but nothing else did . 
 no odd odours , no questionable fog or flames . 
 he sniffed it . 
 no fragrance at all . 
 it was just water as he 'd thought . 
 the door burst open . 
 telena pounded in , grabbed the book from the shelf and marched to a booth . 
 aznee pushed the cork back in the bottle and slid it into the drawer . 
 ` do n't you have school ? ' 
 ` no , ' she said starkly , already flicking carefully to her page . 
 ` chores ? ' 
 ` no ! ' 
 ` did you finish the map ? ' 
 this time telena drew herself away from the book and pulled the skin from her satchel . 
 she rolled it out . 
 aznee moved closer . 
 it was wonderful . 
 incomplete but wonderful . 
 when he 'd travelled out of karnatay to see more of their prenitia he 'd never had a map so good . 
 probably why he 'd never found a stone of the old world . 
 but telena 's map showed so much detail there was a stark possibility that places that were left could be identified . 
 his sister may very well have created the best chance to discover hena prenitar and she did n't even know it . 
 telena was staring at him when he looked up . 
 ` what do you want ? ' 
 ` sorry , ' he mumbled . 
 ` it 's good . 
 well done . ' 
 telena shooed him with her hand and dropped her eyes . 
 she had got him thinking . 
 but her thoughts were elsewhere . 
 they were on the people she had left behind in those ancient pages the sun before . 
 adri had truly been dying once , if aznee was to be believed . 
 shot with a poisoned arrow , his lifeblood seeping from him into some far-off sandy landscape . 
 but why write about him ? 
 why write about leyna , and the others ? 
 who were they to be deemed so important they were consigned to eternity in words ? 
 just read the book ! 
 aznee 's words shot through her mind . 
 that 's exactly what she should do . 
 two lisser she was sure he would die . 
 the flower that heals only that which should be healed . 
 and a warrior tribe who could now have them as their prisoners . 
 leyna 's fingers dug tightly into adri 's arm , dragging him with every ounce of her will in the sodden darkness towards the unmistakable crest of kisera . 
 the gates seemed to her as if they had been constructed by giants . 
 she had never seen the like , nor imagined it in her wildest and most frightening nightmares . 
 all those kind and understanding words she had spoken for kisera seemed redundant in the presence of this frightening city . 
 tears rolled down her face . 
 her arms hurt , her legs hurt . 
 her fingers were numb from the chilly air . 
 adri felt heavier and heavier . 
 she could n't look back - all that way back to the torc mountain range from where she 'd dragged him once his wound had stopped flowing blood . 
 if she did she feared she would shrivel and die right there , the impossibility of their situation shining all too apparent . 
 she felt herself screaming , as the boldly painted crest grew larger . 
 shouts of help , of need , of solace . 
 she could n't do it much longer . 
 then the small footman 's door in the one of the great gates opened . 
 the lamplight behind the warrior emerging blocked out his features . 
 leyna breathed a cry of relief , her legs gave way , and she heard adri 's arm thud onto the sandy ground . 
 her hands pressed into the hard earth . 
 the muffled sounds of running did n't seem real . 
 the soft pounding of feet approaching matched her heartbeat . 
 which was which ? 
 if the healing flower did n't save him , would they ? 
 she believed adri was wrong about them . 
 but what if he was n't ? 
 three matara light shone through the window to keno 's office . 
 a nurse , daytha , sat by him , dabbing a soft damp cloth against the wound in his arm where the arrow had hit . 
 he was pale and sweaty , but he began to stir . 
 ` minister dommaris ? ' 
 daytha turned with a hopeful look to dommaris sitting at keno 's desk . 
 the old man moved quickly over to his youthful colleague and took another seat beside the nurse . 
 ` keno ? ' 
 ` wh - what 's ... ? ' 
 keno mumbled , squinting at the sunlight seeping through the windows and trying to focus on dommaris ' voice . 
 ` you had a slight accident if you remember . 
 thankfully you 're alive and had much sleep to my satisfaction . ' 
 ` yesmi - ' he shot up , immediately yelping , rebounding back . 
 daytha checked to see if he had blown his stitches . 
 they were intact , luckily . 
 ` thank you , daytha . ' 
 dommaris gave her a nod and she returned it , taking her equipment from the office swiftly . 
 ` do you remember what happened ? ' 
 keno racked his brain . 
 he remembered the archer , the trap ... lorosa 's anger ... ` he did something to her . 
 she could n't see . ' 
 ` or hear . 
 he 's suppressing her basic senses it seems . ' 
 ` she 's still alive ? ' 
 ` yes , ' dommaris nodded . 
 keno breathed a loud sigh of relief and smiled , closing his eyes , thanking the goddess for their survival . 
 ` a weaker magician would have given in by now . 
 unfortunately , lorosa has destroyed all your work . ' 
 ` now what are we to do ? 
 is there anything left ? ' 
 this time , dommaris had no answer for him . 
 four lisser the shimmer of sunlight floated softly through the generous window in the small , clean room . 
 leyna was curled on a chair from her exhaustion keeping vigil , a heavy blanket draped over her . 
 adri was deeply asleep on the bed , wrapped warmly and well . 
 the kiserans did n't hold back on comfort or necessity for the sick , even when they were n't their own . 
 standing just outside the door the physician , kaynan , looked over the two strangers with disbelief . 
 her attention turned to tavolo , striding along the corridor of the recovery wing . 
 kaynan smiled as he reached her , recalling a time when this huge man had been but a small boy with cut knees and a broken foot . 
 ` kaynan . 
 what 's the condition of the warrior ? ' 
 tavolo whispered , eyes peeking through the doorway . 
 ` he will live , ' she assured him . 
 ` if not for the actions of the girl he would be infected and probably dead by now . 
 that bolt was covered in deris oil . 
 it was all over his skin . ' 
 deris oil meant only one thing . 
 ` bounty hunters . 
 and the girl ? ' 
 ` as far as i can tell , unharmed physically , a little thin , but i 'm not surprised . 
 she wo n't let me examine her further . 
 i ca n't explain how she came to own it . ' 
 ` own what ? ' 
 tavolo enquired , his gaze running over adri 's sword in its scabbard , resting against the wall . 
 it was an unfortunate looking thing , old , made well enough but nothing spectacular . 
 how did these rayan warriors cope ? 
 ` the mesenara . ' 
 now his full attention reverted to the physician . 
 ` the healing flower ? 
 that 's impossible , ' he corrected . 
 kaynan handed him the small pouch she had been gripping in her fingers . 
 leyna 's pouch . 
 ` yes , but true nonetheless . ' 
 tavolo undid the cord and opened the pouch . 
 his eyes widened , then shrunk to suspicion as he directed them at that strange young girl who had appeared out of nowhere with a lone warrior . 
 there was solemnity shrouding the large , neat room that was difficult to detect the root of . 
 weapons adorned two of the walls ; there was a large chest in the corner and oil lamp on the small , bedside cabinet . 
 next to it a large , comfortable bed , made for two . 
 directly in front of the bed , hanging from the wall were two tapestries - the emblem of kisera and another , different symbol . 
 they were exquisite , and the colours shone brighter and the door was opened and the sun 's rays smothered it in golden light . 
 a kiseran dressed in a long hooded cloak entered , closing the door silently . 
 as he walked towards the bed he pulled the hood from his head , revealing the kettar himself looking less than attentive ; his mind far away . 
 as he pulled the cloak from his shoulders his full attire was revealed once again , as was a sword that was a little too showy to be fighting weapon . 
 a kettar was never found without his blade ; his example was the one to follow here . 
 this sword was battle-ready , but it seemed far worthier placed as an offering in a temple that on the bloody fields of war . 
 and rightly so , carrta removed the sword from his belt and returned it to an empty space on the wall . 
 his practical sword was rested in its usual space against the wall and he picked it up ready to attach it - the door pounded . 
 ` come in , ' carrta said , barely raising his voice . 
 but the door opened nonetheless , and in walked tavolo . 
 tavolo saluted his respect by clasping his fist close to his chest then holding the same fist out towards the kettar , addressing him in kiseran as was customary . 
 ` kyē kettar . ' 
 ` tavolo . ' 
 tavolo handed him leyna 's pouch . 
 carrta opened it with a half-interest , which turned to complete attention . 
 ` in my lifetime i 've seen mesenara once , ' tavolo recalled . 
 ` i almost began to disbelieve in its existence again . 
 and they just found it , growing in near enough reach to grasp a handful . ' 
 carrta closed up the pouch with a blank expression and tossed it onto the bed . 
 ` they must have had help to get so far , ' tavolo assured him . 
 ` help , who were in possession of mystical plants and scouting the nearby villages . 
 seck tora or ayisa meya . ' 
 carrta was less convinced . 
 ` if they were helped by the seck tora or ayisa meya the warrior would never have been shot . ' 
 his mind began to whir with the little information her knew about their visitors . 
 ` where was he shot ? ' 
 ` not far from the bottom of the torc mountain range . ' 
 carrta sent the most expressive interest towards his comrade . 
 ` she carried him from there ? ' 
 ` apparently so . ' 
 tavolo was more interested in why they had come to kisera . 
 ` maybe they were led here . ' 
 carrta fiddled with his sword belt , trying to keep his mind on the facts . 
 ` by whom ? ' 
 ` i ca n't imagine , ' tavolo replied with more than a hint of suggestiveness . 
 five vano the heavy beating of hooves on the soft ground gradually slowed to a halt . 
 the three had been travelling for more than a turn and had barely stopped in their stride but to feed and water the horses and snatch at sleep . 
 the animals fussed as they stood still , they were hungry again and would benefit a long stand by a trough . 
 but the journey now seemed as if it had been worth the effort . 
 a smile crossed imarko 's lips as he saw a beacon on the otherwise empty horizon . 
 ` vano , ' imarko almost whispered , squinting through the poor light at the immense size of the city . 
 ` i never thought i 'd be happy to see it . ' 
 murray held wonder for this faraway place . 
 even living in targu had n't given rise to opportunity for him to visit it . 
 the tales he 'd heard about its ruler , though , were never the most endearing of stories . 
 cora glanced over at imarko , a brow raised . 
 ` you may change your mind in time . ' 
 she had been here before and it held no intrigue for her . 
 still , she kicked her horse to move again and her companions followed suit . 
 imarko 's horse squealed just after it started into a canter and threw him , the animal crashing to the ground . 
 masked figures appeared in the darkness and dragged the warrior away . 
 cora did n't find the time to draw her sword ; she was hauled from her saddle , landing hard , and murray endured the same roughness . 
 as cora raised her eyes to her attackers something hit her face , knocking her out . 
 six lisser leyna sat awake in the recovery room in silence . 
 she had already scanned the room in the time she 'd been awake . 
 warm , clean , cosy . 
 nothing like she 'd expected from a tribe ruled by a warlord . 
 why she thought they 'd be somehow messier - or dirtier - than any other settlement seemed strangely naïve to her now . 
 she liked the room . 
 she felt safe there . 
 adri 's hand twitched and she caught it in the corner of her eye . 
 ` adri ? ' 
 she breathed , moving quickly beside him . 
 she took his hand in hers and smiled as his eyes flickered open . 
 he felt her grip and his tightened over hers . 
 ` hey . 
 how are you ? ' 
 she could n't answer . 
 all that time she 'd been dragging him she 'd half expected to turn back and find a corpse . 
 but there he was , alive and awake before her eyes . 
 ` leyna ? ' 
 ` i do n't know , ' she said quietly . 
 his gazed moved about the room . 
 ` where are we ? ' 
 ` lisser . 
 with the kiserans . ' 
 he breathed the most releasing sigh he had ever breathed at those words . 
 he wanted to cry . 
 he wanted to yell in ecstasy . 
 until he remembered the hunter , and poisoned bolt ... ` how did we get here ? ' 
 ` i dragged you . 
 i had to . 
 just in case the mesenara did n't work . ' 
 was she delusional ? 
 ` mesenara ? ' 
 ` there was a garden . 
 a woman gave it to me . ' 
 she looked to the door where kaynan usually stood watching . 
 ` they took my pouch . ' 
 ` oh , leyna ... ' but she did n't share his relief . 
 ` hey . 
 you did well . 
 you were brave , leyna . 
 braver than anyone i 've known . ' 
 ` i killed someone , adri . ' 
 he pushed himself to his elbows , steadying his breath through his weakness . 
 ` no . 
 i killed him . 
 i struck the final blow . 
 it was my blade . ' 
 he stroked her hair from her eyes as he sat straighter on the bed . 
 ` i need to tell you something . 
 cora is n't who we thought she was . 
 she 's , uh ... ' ` queen of matara . 
 the priestess told me . 
 do you think she 's gone to matara ? ' 
 ` maybe , maybe not . ' 
 it seemed leyna did n't know the whole story . 
 ` i 'm not sure if i know her so well anymore . ' 
 leyna shook her head . 
 ` all that 's changed is her title , adri . ' 
 his weary eyes rested on her . 
 that sad , tired , shy girl from the village who had grown so much on this journey before his eyes . 
 all he wanted was to see her smile . 
 the only way he could do it was to get them to matara and find murray . 
 he kissed the back of her hand and examined her expression . 
 she had something on her mind . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 leyna 's voice dropped low and she moved in a little closer . 
 ` i think she was n't what we thought she was . ' 
 iyenesur . 
 ` that place was n't a normal city , adri . ' 
 leyna thought back to that book sortare had shown her . 
 the one about alacaethe , anatersa and ... ` corraycan - the koracan . ' 
 it was from one of the last books sortare had shown her . 
 ` the city of the goddess . 
 but how is it possible ? 
 what does it mean for us ? ' 
 ` it means that now we know for sure that whatever happens , it wo n't be the end . ' 
 stood outside the door , just out of sight , having stopped halfway to entering was carrta . 
 he had listened expressionless . 
 he turned to leave and almost whacked straight into kaynan . 
 ` kettar ? ' 
 kaynan inclined her head slightly in respect . 
 ` did you want to speak to our visitors ? ' 
 ` no . ' 
 of course he did , but not then . 
 ` no . ' 
 he left the ward . 
 as kaynan entered she found adri and leyna chatting brightly . 
 ` and how are we feeling ? ' 
 she chirped . 
 ` both better ? ' 
 ` yes , thank you , ' adri said , smiling at leyna . 
 ` what do you think , leyna ? 
 shall i lose this beard ? ' 
 he ran his fingers through the dark hair of his face and leyna tilted her head a little . 
 ` i like it . 
 i think . ' 
 adri laughed shortly as kaynan started to arrange a small bowl and some clean cloths . 
 ` i think it 's time both of you had a wash . 
 warrior ... ? ' 
 ` kile . 
 my name is adri kile . ' 
 ` and you ? ' 
 ` leyna nevan . ' 
 ` well , suela nevan , let me show you where our washrooms are . ' 
 ` what about me ? ' 
 adri said , perturbed . 
 ` yours , warrior kile , will be in bed . ' 
 his expression dropped . 
 ` i 'll be back in a few moments . 
 follow me , suela . ' 
 leyna and adri shared a brief smile as she was led from the room . 
 she hurried after kaynan who was in her later life , but had a brisk step about her . 
 she was led down a long corridor off the recovery ward and they entered a private washroom . 
 kaynan looked her up and down , gauging her size and opened a cupboard , drawing out a towel and a set of clothes . 
 she placed them on the side . 
 ` have you used one of these before ? ' 
 she asked leyna drawing back a wooden blind . 
 there was a kind of hose attached to the wall with a spout with little holes in it . 
 leyna had no idea what it was , never mind ever using one . 
 kaynan understood that look . 
 she pointed to two handles in the wall . 
 ` you move them down and the water comes out . 
 one 's hot and one 's cold and you level them until it 's comfortable . 
 simple . ' 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 leyna said fascinated . 
 ` we call it the ` flow ' , like that which comes from the sky . ' 
 kaynan smirked . 
 ` take your time . 
 there 's some clothes for when you 're finished . 
 soap 's there and there 's a cream for your hair . ' 
 she pointed to a little shelf in the cubicle . 
 kaynan was about to leave when leyna called her back . 
 ` can i ... ? ' 
 she started . 
 ` what is it , suela ? ' 
 ` can i see the city when i 'm done ? ' 
 kaynan laughed with an odd expression . 
 ` see all you want , it 's not going anywhere . ' 
 she closed the door . 
 leyna turned the lock and looked back at the sizeable room . 
 there was the cupboard and a shelf where the towel and clothes sat . 
 there was a large mirror opposite it and in the middle the odd ` flow ' . 
 she began to peel off her old clothes , the pungency of which she had become used to out there , but it was shockingly noticeable in cleaner company . 
 as they dropped to the floor she turned to the mirror . 
 she could see her bones poking underneath her skin , her ribs visible under her small breasts and her hipbones stretching the skin around them . 
 she had lost weight on the journey but she never realised how thin she had become . 
 maybe now they had a safe place to stay she would feed herself up . 
 she did n't want to look ill and wasting when she saw murray again . 
 that time at the quarry flashed in her mind . 
 his last words , his last touch . 
 where was he now ? 
 adri had seen him alive not long after the battle started . 
 how would she bear it if she never saw him again ? 
 she took a breath and walked into the flow cubicle . 
 drawing the blind closed she looked helplessly at the controls to the strange device . 
 ` hot ... cold ... ' she repeated and then slid the hot control down . 
 water came bursting out and she yelped , pushing herself against the cubicle wall . 
 she slid the cold control down and reached her hand out to the water , gauging its temperature . 
 after some trials she got it to a respectable heat and finally stepped in , immersing herself under the water . 
 it was the strangest and possibly most pleasurable experience she ever recalled having , the water rushing down on her as if by magic , and washing her all over , all at once in a warm , soothing , massaging wave . 
 she was fascinated for a few moments , how this water could be at such pressure , how it could just continue pouring out , where they heated it . 
 and the soap ! 
 incredible . 
 what she had back home was nothing compared to the one she began to run over her skin now . 
 she had no idea how they could make something so amazing , and they had a special cream for hair ! 
 her tears in the last turn seemed so distant and silly then as she stood within kisera , washing herself clean - free - in an odd but enjoyable warm rainfall . 
 seven matara keno stood at the bottom of the grand staircase of the palace and just stared . 
 it was a state . 
 every inch of it was covered in bits of pot or torn up curtain , broken tiles or splintered wood . 
 lorosa had done his work well . 
 his discovery of keno 's concealment of yesmi 's supplies around the palace , ones that would have assisted her in trapping him should she have escaped his binding , had been the destruction of his rebellion and his home . 
 keno wandered the building . 
 he saw an old painting blasted to tatters and the canvas hung in shreds from the broken frame . 
 queen helan herself had hung that picture . 
 she had watched him with a smile as he eyed it in fascination . 
 he wandered the room where he had been taught the politics of a monarchy by dommaris and the shelves of books that he had worked his way through in his training . 
 the books were now scattered about , their pages ripped from their binding and torn into pieces . 
 the shelves had dark blast marks from lorosa 's odd power and were split in multiple places . 
 he felt a lump rise in his throat at those old , important manuscripts and the thought he would never read their pages again . 
 those words lost to nothingness . 
 he saw the servants ' corridor where he and yesmi had met in secret one dark evening and in the excitement experienced their first kiss . 
 under the protection of her father after her mother 's death , she had been enthralled at defying him . 
 as he wandered down the stairs that led to the imprisonment room he felt himself ache inside , and the ache rose from his stomach and forced its way into his lungs . 
 he choked on heavy breaths , his face reddening as he struggled to breathe . 
 his eyes fell raw and hot and his legs turned weak , forcing him to stop , to grasp at the wall for support as he slowly dropped to the floor . 
 he had forgotten what to felt to weep , to know physically the immense pain and stress that in these tanes he had been holding back . 
 but he did weep . 
 and he did not stop until every ounce of his energy had been drained and he dipped into a heavy sleep right there , outside the room that imprisoned the woman he loved , in the palace that was his home , and would soon be his grave . 
 eight vano cora stirred from her deep and uncomfortable sleep . 
 she felt the cold stone under her head and the numbness down one side of her body . 
 as she forced her eyes to open she became aware of a small gap straight ahead , a sliver of light shining underneath it . 
 as she focused harder she realised it was the bottom of a door . 
 what ? 
 she attempted to push herself onto her back but found her hands were stuck - no , bound - behind her back . 
 her heart pounded . 
 what was happening ? 
 she cast her mind back . 
 they were riding from targu ... they 'd seen the city ... then nothing . 
 cora rolled with an ache onto her front . 
 the extreme pain she had experienced over the past few turns had been almost unbearable and with the throbbing head she had now made her feel as if she had been dragged from death . 
 with a deep breath cora pushed herself with her head to her knees , sucking in breaths to counter the nauseous feeling that went with it . 
 she waited , breath heavy in the stale air , dizziness lurking in her head . 
 slowly she raised her head with steady breaths and knew immediately she was in a cell . 
 it was small , dry enough , but empty of anything but her . 
 light shone through the tiny gap in the wall opposite the door , and it was so faint that it could have been moonshine as much as sun . 
 then her ears picked up something whispering on the air . 
 she focused through the pain , struggling to mark its direction . 
 it was coming from outside . 
 with a heavy exhalation cora pulled one foot in front of her , willing herself to keep balance , and with a final defiant roar pushed herself to her feet . 
 she followed the sound and peered out the small slit in the heavy cell door . 
 it was hard to discern who stood in the cell opposite , the corridor was so dark . 
 ` are you alright ? ' 
 murray whispered . 
 she felt relief sweep through her , it was so good to hear his voice . 
 ` i 'm alive . 
 that 's the best to hope for right now . ' 
 ` where 's imarko ? ' 
 cora shook her head . 
 ` i do n't - ' but she was interrupted by a voice from further up the tunnel . 
 ` i 'm here . ' 
 cora breathed a sigh , her head pressed against the door for both relief and balance . 
 ` cora , what 's usually her next move ? ' 
 imarko whispered . 
 by ` her ' imarko meant lady saratay , the foul , sly ruler of this enormous city and former acquaintance of her mother . 
 saratay was smart and sharp and prone to doing the precise opposite of what people requested of her . 
 why not ? 
 it was her city ; she could do as she pleased . 
 ` i have absolutely no idea , ' cora decided . 
 ` i never had the pleasure of dealing with saratay in a political capacity , ' she said , a tinge of dislike marking her words . 
 ` but she liked my mother , they were friends . ' 
 ` will that work to our advantage ? ' 
 imarko wondered . 
 ` of all the rulers in prenitia , i would never attempt to decide what saratay thinks is advantage or not . ' 
 murray pondered over the options himself . 
 ` so we need to cut a deal ? ' 
 he asked her . 
 ` when we know what she wants ? ' 
 ` no . 
 we need to cut it with what we want in mind . 
 the hard part will be making it seem as if all the benefit will be hers . ' 
 ` and what do we want ? ' 
 imarko asked , genuinely miffed . 
 ` our lives intact , ' murray shared bluntly . 
 ` hopefully that 's not a decision she 'll rethink . ' 
 cora 's voice dropped low . 
 ` but above all else , we want their magician . ' 
 nine lisser as leyna left the washroom , her hair almost dry from the soft , comforting kiseran towels , she wandered back along the corridor to the recovery room . 
 the kiseran clothing fit perfectly and was better tailored than what she had been used to . 
 it bore an emblem of kisera as kaynan 's did , and for some reason it gave her a sense of safety . 
 kiserans did n't forgive attacks on their tribe ; if she were alone outside kisera was merely their emblem enough to frighten away a potential enemy ? 
 leyna peered around the door to where she had left adri and saw kaynan checking his wound . 
 it was clean , uninfected and had nearly healed . 
 she smiled to herself then turned and wandered to the door at the end of the ward . 
 it led straight into the city and as she stepped out she breathed in the fresh air , her head dizzying as it poured into her lungs . 
 for the first time , as she sat on a bench outside the ward , she got a good look at this part of lisser . 
 it was n't just the physician that wore kisera 's emblem , it was the entire tribe . 
 some had it emblazoned on the front of shirts , some on the sleeves of coats , knife sheaths , boots ... it was everywhere . 
 if she had n't been wearing it herself , she would have felt much more out of place . 
 now she felt almost invisible . 
 nobody looked at her ; nobody questioned her or examined her in suspicion . 
 the tribe seemed just as normal as everyone in rayan had and just as diverse . 
 traders , workers , warriors - a great deal more warriors than at home , she noted - and children , playing about with their little metal swords . 
 there was no specific concentration of paler and darker skins here as other places she 'd read about in prenitia , barring rayan . 
 it was such a wide mixture , full of faces and features she was unfamiliar with , and made leyna tingle thinking of how many people travelled to this city to join the powerful army or experience a more prosperous life . 
 as she smiled at the swordplay two of the children caught sight of her looking and not recognising her whispered to each other and ran over . 
 ` hala taya , ' the little boy said . 
 she knew that greeting , she had read it so many times . 
 ` hala taya , ' she replied . 
 ` you do n't have a sword , ' the little girl said . 
 the kiseran accent was odd to the ear . 
 what must she sound like to them ? 
 ` i 'm not from kisera , ' she told her , smiling . 
 ` what are your names ? ' 
 the little boy stood tall and held his hand to his chest in a half salute . 
 ` my name is leran ! ' 
 he stated boldly . 
 the little girl puffed up her chest even more , also half-saluting . 
 ` my name is sura ! ' 
 she announced . 
 ` i 'm leyna . ' 
 ` where are you from ? ' 
 sura enquired . 
 ` a village called rayan . ' 
 leran 's eyes widened enthralled . 
 ` is it big like kisera ? ' 
 she could n't bring herself to tell them the truth about her home . 
 ` i do n't think so . 
 i 've not really seen a lot of kisera . ' 
 ` have you never been here ? ' 
 leyna shook her head and sighed . 
 ` never . ' 
 sura grasped leyna 's hand and pulled her to her feet . 
 ` you have to see our temple . 
 it 's really big ! ' 
 as the children dragged leyna away from the ward a young warrior strode towards the door . 
 she eyed the children and their grip on leyna , calling after them . 
 ` where are you taking our guest ? ' 
 verlanē demanded , albeit lightly . 
 leran called back as the disappeared through the crowd . 
 ` she wants to see the temple , verlanē ! ' 
 ` alright , ' she agreed , smirking at leyna . 
 ` you look after her . ' 
 verlanē pushed the door to the ward open and marched in confidently all the way along , stopping at the recovery room . 
 she knocked softly as adri was pushing himself up , achingly . 
 ` come in , ' he said , with half-interest . 
 he 'd been so used to people coming in and out he 'd left the door open to make it easier for them . 
 verlanē took a few steps in . 
 ` hala taya , warrior kile . 
 my name is verlanē . ' 
 adri looked her up and down . 
 she was young , probably about the same age as he , younger even . 
 her dark hair was drawn back in what he presumed was a fashionable kiseran braiding -lrb- she had the kiseran look -rrb- and tied neatly . 
 she wore her sword on a belt as all warriors did and she stood in a respectful attentive stance . 
 young she may be but also a powerful woman he noted from the hard curves of her arms and her firm , strong thighs . 
 verlanē was watching him as he looked her up and down , and with a steady expression she waited patiently until he became aware of her eyes on him . 
 ` what rank are you ? ' 
 he asked , changing the subject . 
 she raised a brow - an odd question . 
 ` if you 're asking if i directly serve the kettar , then no . 
 i am a fifth warrior . 
 he is however my lord , my mentor and my friend . ' 
 ` i was just wondering whether i should bother talking to you or go directly to your lord , mentor and friend . ' 
 she examined his expression . 
 what was she looking for ? 
 ` i can arrange a meeting with carrta if you wish . ' 
 ` has your kettar sent you here to spy on me ? 
 to get information ? ' 
 her brow dropped slightly in annoyance . 
 ` if carrta wanted information from you he would have come here himself . ' 
 but she chirped up . 
 ` it 's my own interest that brought me here . ' 
 ` how do i know he 's not forcing leyna to tell him everything ? ' 
 ` how much exactly is there to know ? ' 
 she moved closer to him with a half-smile . 
 ` you are very suspicious , warrior kile , of the city that has nursed you back to health . ' 
 ` i was already on the way back to health , you just gave me a place to sleep . ' 
 he wondered how many of them knew about the mesenara . 
 and what they were thinking of doing with it ? 
 ` good bed by the way . ' 
 ` the best in all prenitia . ' 
 adri snorted . 
 ` oh , my brother 's would challenge that . ' 
 ` we know about the mesenara . ' 
 one answer down . 
 ` is that why you 're here ? 
 we found it on mount sallv . ' 
 it was only a half-lie and she annoyed him for some reason so he did n't feel so bad about it . 
 ` just growing there ? ' 
 she said flippantly . 
 ` that 's what flowers do . ' 
 ` yes , ' she mused . 
 ` they do . 
 but that flower grows on the tips of mountains -- and only in mythology . ' 
 ` how do you know ? 
 have you ever climbed to see ? ' 
 ` it 's mystical , ' she said correctly . 
 ` so are magicians , but there are plenty of them around . 
 got yourself one here , have n't you ? ' 
 their gaze met for a strangely extended time , both far too stubborn to openly quit the debate . 
 she took the lead . 
 ` you are a very difficult person . ' 
 ` it 's my nature . 
 even crossbows ca n't stop that . 
 now is there anything else you 'd like from me ? ' 
 she paused in thought , a glint in her eye . 
 ` i do n't believe i 've gained anything from you . ' 
 ` good . ' 
 he moved his legs to the side of the bed and lowered them carefully over the edge , the pain gone , but the ache prevalent . 
 ` now i 'd like to see your lord . 
 and a cup of vensa would n't go amiss , if you 're here to nurse me to health . ' 
 she took a step back , straightening herself up . 
 ` unfortunately vensa is the only thing we do n't have here . ' 
 ` oh right . 
 could n't have your warriors going all fuzzy on the battlefield , huh ? ' 
 ` no . 
 we just prefer to be answerable for our actions with a clear mind . 
 i 'll get you some water . ' 
 leyna stood outside the huge building that was kisera 's temple of anatersa . 
 it was striking in its simplicity but it outshone rayan 's temple many times over . 
 she stood in awe as she watched huge amounts of kiserans , many under hooded cloaks and all carrying offerings of some kind , pouring into it . 
 almost lu mahrken , she thought . 
 the eve of the death season . 
 she knew well how highly regarded this time was and kiserans , like the two other tribes of lisser , laris and xinthi , did not take it lightly . 
 the children left her , excitedly rushing up to someone they knew and she stood alone amongst the bustle . 
 just as she decided to head within she turned briefly to gaze around the part of the city she was in and her attention was caught . 
 a kiseran left another huge building , two large books in hand . 
 she had just found the library . 
 with an uncontrollable urge leyna found herself walking in haste to the great building nearby , all intention of visiting the temple erased . 
 as she reached the huge doors her expression exploded in awe . 
 the shelves inside were wider than architect square . 
 there must be thousands of books in there . 
 where would she start ? 
 she stepped over the threshold , gaze fixed on the hundreds of volumes on the shelves before her alone . 
 to her left and right were more shelves receding into the vast building - and there was a second level . 
 kiserans were not plain , barbaric warmongers others would believe they were . 
 they were educated and knowledgeable , and that was presumably another reason why they had been around so long . 
 leyna passed by a desk on her way to the first set of shelves and she heard a voice from a desk to her right . 
 ` you are suela nevan ? ' 
 it asked . 
 she turned her head and met the gaze of a young man she gauged to be about her age . 
 his head was buried in three different books ; perhaps some kind of research . 
 but how did he know her name ? 
 she must look astonishingly out of place . 
 ` you are permitted to borrow books , but you must check them here and bring them back the sun following , ' he stated , as if he had rehearsed the speech . 
 ` i can take books out ? ' 
 she said in almost a squeak of surprise . 
 the man nodded . 
 ` as i said . 
 you have permission from tavolo , advisor to the kettar . ' 
 leyna had not met tavolo but was grateful he had given her that freedom . 
 she looked at the shelves in awe and confusion . 
 ` are you thinking of something in particular , suela ? ' 
 it sprung into her mind . 
 if she were not to appear ignorant , she should really understand the true underlying culture of this tribe . 
 ` yes , ' she smiled . 
 ` do you have anything about the history of the kettars ? ' 
 carrta waited patiently before the lit fire , armed as usual and warming his hands above the small flames . 
 the fires of kisera had only just begun to be lit , as near to the eve of mahrken as possible . 
 verlanē entered the room , a cold breeze flowing in through the doorway . 
 ` kyē kettar , ' she said , saluting her lord . 
 on her signal adri followed her into the room , doused in unexpectedness . 
 the first thing he saw was the little pouch on the table which he reckoned to be leyna 's . 
 he should use it to bargain , if worst came to worst . 
 the room had a simple design . 
 it was used for politics verlanē had told him and needed little else but the table and chairs that filled it . 
 there were tapestries though , as adorned other walls in the city , of kisera and of lisser , and the fire where the kettar was still standing . 
 however adri had envisioned the leader of this tribe , it certainly was n't the man before him . 
 carrta signalled for verlanē to leave and she saluted , obedient . 
 ` warrior kile . 
 i am carrta . 
 you requested to speak to me privately , ' he said , tonelessly . 
 ` where is leyna ? ' 
 adri had n't seen her since kaynan took her away to wash . 
 ` i presume she is viewing the city as she requested . ' 
 carrta 's demeanour held no suspicion , but the kettar saw doubt in the young man 's eyes . 
 ` last i was told she was in the library . ' 
 that was definitely leyna . 
 ` i would like to borrow two horses , some food and some water , if it is n't too much trouble . ' 
 ` not at all . 
 may i ask where you 're going ? ' 
 carrta said casually . 
 adri did n't want to reveal their plans , but an obligation to be truthful surfaced . 
 so far they had known nothing but kindness from this tribe ; he was not ignorant enough to push it with a warlord . 
 ` matara . ' 
 ` matara ? 
 i would expect that to be the last place you 'd go . ' 
 ` some people who are important to me - important to both of us - are there . 
 at least , i expect they are . ' 
 ` you do n't know for sure ? ' 
 only what i 've seen in a magical city ... adri thought . 
 he did n't share it . 
 ` leyna and i. . . 
 we 've seen no-one else . ' 
 carrta was starting to sound suspicious . 
 ` why would rayan survivors go to matara ? ' 
 ` it does n't matter why , i just know they would . 
 if you 're worried you wo n't get your horses back - ' ` i 'm not , ' carrta replied , indifferent . 
 ` i am concerned about sending one warrior and a young woman into an oppressed city , with the quickest way there being past eēn and imino . 
 warring villages . ' 
 ` i 'm aware of that . ' 
 he 'd experienced the aftermath of those battles first hand . 
 ` but i do n't care . 
 we have to get there . ' 
 ` why did you come to kisera ? ' 
 carrta asked bluntly , looking adri straight in the eye . 
 ` i promised my brother i would protect her . ' 
 the kettar nodded . 
 ` that 's fair . 
 but it is n't the whole story . ' 
 this man was subtle and smart and he would not be done with him until he got the truth , adri feared . 
 why bother to lie anymore , why waste the energy ? 
 if anyone could help them it would be these people . 
 adri stood silent and stale for a few moments . 
 carrta was patient . 
 ` cora , my lufene , is the queen of matara . 
 if she 's alive she 'll go there . 
 but i ca n't let her fight alone . ' 
 adri pointed to the little pouch on the table . 
 ` you have leyna 's mesenara , it 's worth more than our lives to a city like yours i 'm sure . ' 
 carrta , with a scowl , threw the pouch to adri . 
 ` i do n't want it . ' 
 ` look , if you wo n't help us maybe the other tribes here will . ' 
 adri said , pacing to the door then turning back . 
 ` maybe they 'll give us an army . 
 you have a city council do n't you ? ' 
 ` the mento is for lisser citizens - ' ` ha , ' adri cut in . 
 ` i tried telling leyna she was wrong about you kiserans . 
 selfish barbaric - ' ` your views on my tribe are of no interest to me , warrior kile , ' carrta cut back . 
 ` outsiders may request a meeting is held at the mento but it must be of importance to us as a city . ' 
 adri waited , was their predicament enough to call a citywide meeting ? 
 ` perhaps the lufene of a long-absent princess will be of interest to the other tribes . ' 
 adri 's heart leapt , he could n't believe his ears . 
 ` how long will it take ? ' 
 ` two suns . ' 
 his heart sank . 
 ` we ca n't wait that long , ' he said , in a pleading tone . 
 carrta was immune to it . 
 ` we have lu mahrken celebrations in preparation . 
 getting any kind of meeting at all is an honour during these times . 
 take it or leave it , warrior kile . ' 
 ten matara keno awoke sharply . 
 he pushed himself from the cool floor , holding his head , trying to remember why he was there . 
 something about yesmi . 
 he pushed himself up , racking his brain to how in the name of ana he 'd got there . 
 as he turned the corner he slipped idly into the storage room . 
 it was full of barrels of vensa , boxes of yares and dried fruits and tea . 
 sitting silently , reading some old text was yesmi . 
 of course , he 'd been coming to meet her . 
 how could he have forgotten ? 
 she smiled widely as he approached , and he pulled her into a kiss . 
 her lips hitched briefly and her eyes filled with arousal . 
 ` you 've become quite partial to that lately , ' she cooed , her body moving slowly against his . 
 ` i miss you a lot , ' he whispered , enjoying her warm breath against his cheek . 
 savouring her soft body beneath his hands . 
 his eyes moved over the dust-covered crates , an odd curiosity surfacing . 
 ` did n't we clear this room out ? ' 
 ` why would we clear it out ? ' 
 he could almost hear the pebble in his mind as he shook the thought off . 
 ` no idea . 
 so tell me , what was the trial like ? ' 
 she laughed . 
 ` you know i ca n't tell you . ' 
 ` come on , ' he said , kissing her neck , ` i wo n't tell . ' 
 ` keno ... ' ` where did you go ? 
 did you actually meet the goddess ? ' 
 she pushed away sharply . 
 ` keno , stop it . 
 you know i ca n't tell you about the trial , you know that . ' 
 her stare was so intense it snapped keno out of his daze . 
 he tried to twitch his feet . 
 he could n't . 
 every inch of his left side had succumbed to numbness from the cold , stone floor . 
 as he forced his eyelids open , he tried hard to focus on the noise that reverberated through the air . 
 the dull buzzing . 
 his mind tried to piece it together , it was failing . 
 keno rolled onto his other side , rubbing his dumb muscles , warming them back to life , and finally managed to focus his attention . 
 that buzzing was yesmi 's prison . 
 it was so loud he wondered if that 's all she heard , all the time , wherever her mind was . 
 on rising , gripping the wall tightly , he pushed himself the few steps to the imprisonment room , and half-stumbled through the doorway . 
 it took him a good length to reach the orb , where he sat , breathing sharply . 
 he just gazed at her . 
 and gazed . 
 his hand rose , hovered gently over the green glow . 
 as his fingers moved towards the light , it began to twitch at his presence , little shards leaping out , dancing through the air for barely a moment , and landing , bursting and disappearing as they touched his skin . 
 moving his hand closer , the shards got stronger , faster , until his fingers jerked back , unable to take the pain any longer . 
 ` that 's no way for anyone to go . ' 
 after thought , he reached into his robes and drew out a small bottle . 
 he placed it on the floor . 
 the label read dethres . 
 ` i was thinking that i might just go the way of everyone else . 
 i should pack up and leave . 
 you 're never going to escape him like this , i ca n't help you anymore . 
 what would it matter if i was gone ? 
 everyone else will be dead come mahrken anyway , and any who live will be removed when he returns . ' 
 he took the bottle in his hand , fiddled with it in his fingers . 
 then , quickly , he removed the lid . 
 he brought the bottle to his nose , coughing sharply as the vapour ravaged his senses . 
 the lid was returned in place , the bottle to the floor . 
 ` can i do this ? 
 am i this low , yesmi ? 
 have we lost everything ? 
 is matara finally , truly dead ? ' 
 eleven lisser night time in kisera was proving to be just as vibrant as the rest of the time . 
 leyna sat alone on a log that had been carved into a seat and with a large blanket with the emblem of kisera adorned across it over her shoulders , engrossed in the book she had found in the library . 
 the large , crackling fire roared in front of her and around it kiserans of all ages mingled , eating glorious arrays of food on offer . 
 then , across the crowd , she could hear a few kiserans plucking at kuras and heard other instruments ; bowed harps , large drums , whistles . 
 theirs were nice looking instruments , but nowhere near as beautiful as hers . 
 murray had fixed hers . 
 nothing would ever match it . 
 it was ashes by now , but peerless . 
 ` here . ' 
 she turned to see adri 's arm outstretched with a bowl in his hand next to her . 
 she closed the book , placing it carefully beside her and accepted the offering . 
 adri sat next to her , feeling better than he had all sun and tucked into his food . 
 ` oh , and i have this for you . ' 
 he passed her little pouch to her , her eyes lighting up . 
 ` they gave it back ? ' 
 ` none other than the kettar himself . ' 
 adri and leyna glanced over the fire at carrta , who was in conversation with verlanē and tavolo . 
 ` thank you . 
 how do you feel ? ' 
 ` much better . 
 you ? ' 
 except for the wash at mid-sun she had n't really thought about it . 
 ` safe , but still ... frightened . ' 
 neither leyna nor adri saw the flicker of attention to them both from the kettar from across the fire , as verlanē recited something important to him . 
 ` you need n't be , ' he assured her . 
 but from her expression she needed to understand just how important she was to him . 
 ` you saved my life , leyna . 
 and in time for these lu mahrken celebrations ! ' 
 he kissed her forehead lightly , his eyes bright . 
 ` i wo n't forget it . ' 
 his smile made her heart jump ; she saw murray in his expression . 
 ` i miss him . ' 
 ` me too . ' 
 ` adri kile , ' came a growl from the side . 
 adri turned slowly and rose from his seat . 
 not now , leyna panicked , do n't let it turn now . 
 the man that walked towards them was stocky , with a stark look on his face . 
 ` you ... ' he started , that grimace firmly implanted . 
 then it dropped as he and adri squared up . 
 ` i have not seen in over ten tanes ! ' 
 adri 's eyes flashed with recognition . 
 ` benee ? ' 
 the men laughed and embraced tightly . 
 ` it 's good to see you , ' benee roared in a suddenly apparent targuan accent . 
 adri hit benee 's kiseran emblem . 
 ` kiseran now ? ' 
 ` eight tanes nearly , ' he beamed . 
 ` so you 're our mysterious visitor ? 
 i heard you had someone blessed by the goddess watching over you in recent times . ' 
 benee 's gaze dropped to leyna , who had been watching the reunion with a relieved calm . 
 benee knelt beside her and took her hand . 
 she was all embarrassment , her red face thankfully hidden by the darkness and the harsh firelight . 
 ` thank you for protecting the life of an old friend , ' he said sincerely . 
 ` if you do n't mind , i have a few people i 'd like him to meet . 
 could you spare him ? ' 
 she nodded shyly behind her hair and benee thanked her with a smile . 
 ` the real question is could i spare her ? ' 
 adri said proudly and he squeezed her shoulder before he left with benee . 
 leyna sat alone again , the little spoon in the bowl poking around the contents . 
 it looked good , but her appetite had suddenly disappeared and the scent was too overwhelming for her stomach . 
 across the fire carrta rose without a word , taking a bread bun from a stylish pedestal not too far from him . 
 leyna was only aware of his presence when his shadow passed over her smothering the bowl . 
 as she looked up her heart stalled . 
 the kettar of kisera was standing before her , silent and shrouded in darkness . 
 from her viewpoint he seemed as if he were a god guarding this ancient city from the likes of strangers . 
 strangers like her . 
 ` you do n't like it ? ' 
 he asked . 
 she stammered her answer , having never in her wildest dreams expected to be conversing with a lord of kisera . 
 ` yes , it 's wonderful , i 'm just ... ' she trailed away , not wanting to express her silly little thoughts before this great man . 
 ` my physician was worried , ' he said , without concern . 
 ` why ? ' 
 ` she thought removing the bolt may have had a deep effect on you . ' 
 the memories came flooding back . 
 the bolt in his back ... ` i did n't want to hurt him . ' 
 the pool of blood when she took it out . 
 ` there was so much blood . 
 i thought he was dying . ' 
 ` he was , ' he replied bluntly . 
 adri 's expression burst into her mind . 
 that desperation , that helplessness . 
 ` he told me i had to do it . 
 i had to pull it out . 
 i thought i was going to kill him . ' 
 ` you saved his life . ' 
 ` apparently . ' 
 ` you saved his life , ' carrta said in a tone that made her look directly at him and listen . 
 ` do n't underestimate the importance of that experience . ' 
 their eyes locked - hers in disbelief , his practically unreadable . 
 he held out the bread bun her took from the pedestal as adri glanced back towards leyna , his expression dropping . 
 ` these are n't spiced . 
 easier to keep down . ' 
 leyna accepted the bread without hesitation . 
 tavolo who had a half-eaten roll in his hand froze mid-bite at the conversation he had just witnessed . 
 verlanē smirked as she sipped on the kiseran speciality juice brunte . 
 but the kettar was n't finished . 
 his eyes dropped to the book beside leyna , and then returned to her gaze . 
 ` keep it , there are others . 
 hataya . ' 
 then carrta strode away . 
 ` fai ana , ' leyna said to herself , in shock , in awe , incredulous . 
 she looked down at the book she had just been given as a gift from the lord of kisera . 
 its title read the kettaryn . 
 twelve vano as cora paced the cell , racking her brain to form an argument to save their comrades , she heard a clanking sound out in the corridor . 
 as she turned she saw a guard appear behind the thin gap in the door and strode towards him . 
 ` let me out of here , ' she said , in a tone that usually sought respect from those beneath her in rank . 
 the guard eyed her for a few moments . 
 ` stand back from the door , ' he ordered . 
 this is it , she realised , breathing a sigh and doing as she was asked . 
 as the door was pushed open she saw a guard opposite entering murray 's cell , pulling him to his feet . 
 his hands were clasped behind his back too . 
 they shared a brief look as her guard drew her from the cell . 
 cora glanced back down the corridor as she left her cell , seeing both murray and imarko were being taken the same way . 
 the corridor from the cell was dreary and dark and had a long staircase up from the cell block . 
 cora felt herself weakened from hunger and the steps up to the next level cut her breath short . 
 her head swum and she barely felt the guard gripping her tightly , saving her from a fall . 
 ` are you ill ? ' 
 he asked . 
 ` nothing a roasted boar and long soak would n't cure , ' she said plainly , snapping back into focus . 
 but she felt it was far more than that . 
 as they continued the journey through the extensive tunnels in the vano prison , emerging into the entrance yard , cora glimpsed upwards at the top of the perimeter wall . 
 vano 's prison was not set on the same level as the rest of the city . 
 it was sunken , dug deeply into the ground , which made it easier to patrol and keep watch over , and made escapes practically impossible . 
 that 's why the windows were so high and small within the cells . 
 they were underground . 
 it was an admirable construction , fitting for such an oppressive city . 
 the guards led the trio towards the building that cora recognised as the courthouse . 
 they were escorted up the steep steps at the front and then through the enormous doors into the main court . 
 and there they saw her . 
 lady saratay , a woman verging into the later tanes of her life , was seated on an oversized , over-lavish throne at the end , eyes cold , expression stony and incredibly dull . 
 she half-sneered as the three were led within , leaning over to her magician who stood next to , but a little behind , her . 
 he nodded . 
 his name was aenam , a warlock of deira level , and his eyes widened in recognition at the approaching warrior . 
 when they were halted thirty feet from the throne , cora was forced to her knees in front of lady saratay , with murray and imarko pushed down soon after . 
 saratay waited . 
 she viewed her prisoners with little emotion and tapped her fingers gently on the arms of her throne . 
 then her high , croaky voice echoed over them . 
 ` you have purposefully trespassed on vano territory . 
 as such i had you imprisoned . 
 why were you on our lands ? ' 
 imarko bowed his head slightly in respect . 
 it would not hurt to show some respect right now . 
 ` we were coming here , lady saratay . ' 
 ` why ? ' 
 she asked plainly , not bothering to consider their reasons herself . 
 ` our village , rayan , was destroyed . 
 by matara . ' 
 saratay raised a brow and pursed her lips . 
 ` you say it as if this has not been a regular occurrence recently . 
 why did you come so far when there are three villages between vano and rayan ? ' 
 ` vano is the most powerful , ' imarko stated in truth . 
 ` we wished to ask you for your help in the protection of targu . ' 
 ` targu ? ' 
 cora straightened herself up . 
 ` lady saratay , my name is - ' ` i know who you are , princess peri . ' 
 the old woman snapped . 
 ` a deserter and coward who left her city to ruin . 
 your mother would have been ashamed of you . ' 
 cora boiled inside . 
 ` i know you were good friends with my mother - ' ` she was a good woman and an excellent queen , ' saratay cut in again . 
 ` i 'm not her , ' cora stated boldly . 
 the old woman 's eyes shrank as she perused the young warrior before her . 
 ` no . 
 you are not . ' 
 ` my mother cared only for matara . 
 she saw nothing beyond it . 
 i am not faulting her love for her city , but she could name barely three settlements outside of matara . 
 i can name them all . ' 
 ` did you visit them all whilst you were running from your duty ? ' 
 ` this was my mistake , ' cora said , a shake in her voice murray had never heard before . 
 ` my major flaw . 
 but i - ' not all of it was my fault ! 
 she wanted to shout . 
 corana , that young girl she had been all those tanes before still lived within her , reasoning with her , telling her leaving was the right thing to do . 
 but corana was from the past and the woman she had grown into was far more balanced and much smarter than the terrified princess she had been . 
 she did not want pity to be the reason anyone helped them . 
 she wanted to see the truth of these people and know , if she brought matara through this , who she could trust in the aftermath . 
 she could face this . 
 ` my desertion was not the only reason these things have happened . ' 
 for once , this corana believed her own judgement . 
 ` and you think this entitles you to what ? ' 
 saratay frowned . 
 ` it is not myself i think of now . 
 it is the citizens of targu and the remaining citizens of rayan . 
 the targuans have helped us with food , water , horses and our survivors are being cared for there . ' 
 ` then why did you come here ? ' 
 the three prisoners had been over this plan and all agreed it was the only way to save another innocent settlement from destruction . 
 ` i wanted to request aid of protection from your warlock , aenam . 
 only until premo 's army has passed . ' 
 saratay had n't been keeping up with the motions of the mataran army . 
 it barely interested her . 
 but with this proposition , her interest flared up . 
 ` so you think he will just pass by ? 
 why wo n't he wait them out ? 
 aenam would n't hold protection over them forever . ' 
 ` because i am certain that he will discover i am alive , and with my life people in the city may still hold out hope for my return . 
 this is his threat , it always has been and he will return to matara to kill me . ' 
 ` hmm . 
 well , not much less than you deserve , ' sneered saratay . 
 ` i will not grant your request . 
 refresh their supplies , give them new horses , send them on their way . 
 they will see we are not as selfish as some . ' 
 ` lady saratay - ' ` quiet . ' 
 the old woman 's voice raised calling for attention . 
 ` this is not a discussion , deserter . 
 leave my city . 
 and do not come here again without an invitation . ' 
 ` they will all die , saratay ! ' 
 screamed cora as the three of them were pulled away . 
 ` they will all die ! ' 
 thirteen lisser leyna woke up with a jolt , that feeling of falling stiffening her in preparation , her heart racing . 
 she had snippets of a dream hammering in her head : rayan burning , the screams of children , those evil eyes of the mataran murderers piercing through her own . 
 she could almost feel them there again ... no . 
 she could feel the fine kiseran thread-count beneath her fingers and smell the light woody fragrance of the hut . 
 she was safe . 
 she was in kisera . 
 adri lay on the opposite bed , asleep . 
 he had requested a hut where they could be together and the kiserans had hooked up a privacy curtain between their beds . 
 she had drawn in back after a bad dream in the night so she could see him . 
 no matter how safe she felt , adri was still less trustful of these warriors and leyna had learnt to trust him . 
 above the soft flow of his breath she could hear the stirring noises of an awakening city . 
 she decided it would be nice to take a walk in the city when it was n't so busy . 
 perhaps she 'd visit the temple this sun before it got too overcrowded . 
 then she 'd go and use the pourer again . 
 so far it had been her favourite thing about the city . 
 except , perhaps , the gift from the kettar . 
 pulling off the kiseran nightwear and half folding it on the bed , she put her other kiseran outfit on and wrapped herself in the thick coat kaynan had given her the previous night , worried she 'd catch a chill , and quietly exited the small hut . 
 outside it was barely light , the short turns starting to creep into the early morning that she was so used to . 
 there was a mist hanging over kisera that would probably last until high-sun , but it seemed somehow to enhance its character . 
 as she wandered between the identical huts and dusty streets , that even though confusing to manoeuvre she had gained some insight into how to follow the kiseran language signs , she heard a soft thudding on the air . 
 she followed the sound , curious and came upon the stables . 
 a young girl was tending to the horses and she smiled at leyna briefly , returning her attention to her work . 
 the soft noises were coming from behind the stables and when leyna walked beyond them she saw two warriors in a fenced practice yard , throwing heavy sword blows at each other intermittently . 
 she recognised verlanē from the sun before . 
 leyna could just see a mass of scars scattered on her skin . 
 they were well healed , old injuries , how many from peace or war leyna could n't fathom , but they were surely a mix of both . 
 she was wearing a sparring outfit this morning , something simple and plain but so sparse and fitted in its fabric it covered merely her breasts and her groin . 
 she moved with ease in it , without restriction , and leyna found herself marvelling at how exceptional verlanē looked as her muscles tensed with each blow and how beautiful her body was . 
 she hugged herself in the chill of the air and partly from imagining how vulnerable she 'd feel in it . 
 she felt bone under her palms and shifted her gaze . 
 verlanē 's opponent was none other than the kettar himself and covering his bare chest and muscular legs were not just various scars but dozens of tattoos . 
 they ran all over his torso , each one seemingly reaching out for the next , but the styles bursting as separate works of art . 
 the battle stopped before a victor was decided and leyna snapped out of her reverie . 
 it was just practise , trying out strikes and blocks and perfecting them , but it was supremely beautiful nonetheless . 
 carrta turned away to wipe sweat from his forehead as verlanē shot out a few strikes to the air . 
 but then leyna caught verlanē 's eyes . 
 the young warrior signalled for leyna to sit . 
 with her mouth drooping , leyna moved quietly to a bench at the far edge of the yard and sat down to watch . 
 ` kyē kettar , ' crooned verlanē , swinging her sword lightly . 
 carrta turned to face her . 
 ` you do n't want to embarrass yourself in front of our guest now , do you ? ' 
 he followed her gaze briefly to leyna , then back . 
 verlanē smirked and took a preparatory stance . 
 carrta did the same and waited for her to launch the first strike . 
 now this was a real test . 
 verlanē was incredible , her skills similar to those leyna had seen and admired from cora in rayan , and she found herself marking the similarities in her head . 
 cora was royalty ; she would have been trained by the best in her city so of course she was exceptional . 
 but kiserans were all meant to be as good as verlanē . 
 some , perhaps a great many , better . 
 but as leyna watched carrta defend and attack there was something even more stunning in the way he fought . 
 he barely had to think before he blocked verlanē 's strikes - it was almost as if he had guessed exactly the direction she would go , and strike and plunge . 
 no wonder he 's kettar . 
 carrta delivered the final strike , knocking verlanē 's sword away ; he tripped her , his sword resting close to her throat . 
 there was no doubt of the victor . 
 the kettar held out his hand , pulling verlanē to her feet . 
 she saluted him with a respectful smirk , and with sweat dripping from both of them carrta strolled to the fence , picking up a water flask and refreshing himself . 
 verlanē strolled over to the young stranger . 
 ` hataya , ' she greeted . 
 ` have you seen warriors practise before ? ' 
 leyna stood , suddenly feeling very small sat on the bench as verlanē loomed over her . 
 ` only once . ' 
 ` so , how 'd you like it ? ' 
 ` it 's ... it was ... amazing ... ' verlanē glanced at the kettar who was n't paying much attention . 
 ` all credit goes to the trainer . ' 
 her eyes narrowed in thought . 
 ` do you fight ? ' 
 leyna shook her head fearfully . 
 ` i 've never touched a sword . ' 
 ` oh , well we can change that . ' 
 there was a glint in her eye as she wandered back to the fence where a row of practice swords were lined up . 
 they were all metal . 
 kiserans never used wood ; they always prepared themselves with the swords they were to use in battle . 
 verlanē ran her eyes over the practice swords , trying to decide one for leyna 's size and weight . 
 she drew one from the row , but carrta shook his head lightly , pointing to another . 
 verlanē took his choice to leyna and handed it to her . 
 it took her a moment , but leyna finally curled her hand around the handle . 
 when verlanē let go the blade hung in the air . 
 leyna could hardly feel it there , as if it had always been part of her . 
 she had imagined a clunky , heavy weapon she could never control - this felt perfect . 
 verlanē smiled , and held her sword out to demonstrate . 
 ` hold it like this , ' she said , handling hers with ease . 
 ` it should feel balanced , natural . 
 then follow what i do . ' 
 verlanē showed a short , simple routine that leyna had trouble taking in . 
 but she tried it anyway . 
 though the sword felt fine in her hand , it sliced through the air too well for her to control . 
 the routine did n't work . 
 verlanē clicked her tongue in thought . 
 ` maybe that 's a little tricky for a beginner . ' 
 ` try the heundeo defence , ' came the kettar 's voice . 
 heundeo , leyna recalled from the book about the kettaryn , was a former kettar , a hundred or so tanes before , who revolutionised kisera 's fighting standards . 
 he condensed fighting moves to the most simple , but most effective basics . 
 ` apologies kettar , i seem to have forgotten that . ' 
 leyna had no idea how she could not remember a routine that all kiserans learn from such a famous man ! 
 carrta remained unperturbed and wandered over with his sword . 
 with barely a word he showed them both a short , sharp defensive routine . 
 then he looked at leyna . 
 ` you want to try it ? ' 
 her eyes bulged at the thought but it was far easier to recall than the previous one . 
 she took a breath , mimicked his stance and attempted the routine . 
 she felt she had failed miserably . 
 ` that 's good , ' carrta nodded . 
 ` you need to balance differently though . ' 
 fourteen vano one of the enormous gates to vano was open and waiting outside already were three horses , loaded with supplies , and leyna 's kura murray noted with relief . 
 the three prisoners were guided , quite forcefully due to cora 's objections , and ejected from the city . 
 with a shout of disapproval cora turned back to the city and she saw aenam approaching behind the guards . 
 ` aenam , you have to tell her to do it . 
 please , it 's their only hope . ' 
 aenam regarded her with sympathy and he walked past the guards to join her . 
 murray decided they must have been friends in the past . 
 cora certainly had a lot of explaining to do if - when - they found adri and leyna . 
 ` you know my lady is stubborn , your grace . ' 
 murray 's eyes flickered over his brother 's lufene . 
 your grace ? 
 that would take some getting used to . 
 ` she is dangerous and mad , ' cora spurned . 
 ` do you know what has gone wrong in matara ? ' 
 she said in a low voice to the warlock . 
 ` i hear premo has called upon a necromancer to watch over the city in his absence . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` matara is not the same place you left , highness . 
 it has begun a descent that it may never recover from . ' 
 cora pressed a disbelieving hand against her forehead . 
 ` and what of yesmi ? 
 why has n't she stopped this necromancer ? ' 
 aenam looked sorrowfully at the deserter queen . 
 ` i do not know ; i have had no correspondence from anyone in the city . 
 but we are both aware of yesmi 's power and if she has not been able to draw on it to stop him , then we may have something very much worse than premo to fear in the future . ' 
 ` will you ask her , aenam ? 
 i beg of you . ' 
 cora knew full well aenam could n't involve himself in politics , but saratay had always found him good company and to a degree , in her own way , she admired him . 
 she had taken his offhand advice before . 
 ` i will try . 
 i hope we meet again under better circumstances , your grace . ' 
 cora swallowed a lump in her throat and nodded . 
 then she and her companions mounted their horses quickly and galloped away . 
 as they steamed forward , the dark city of vano getting ever smaller in the distance behind them , cora glanced back , anger still flashing in her eyes , steaming through her body . 
 with a roar of annoyance she pulled her horse to a stop , leapt from it and marched back towards the city . 
 she felt sick , she felt tired and hungry but most of all she felt that if she ever saw premo again her hands would just take on a life of their own and wring his neck until he was dead . 
 as she captured her self-pity in deep , calming breaths murray turned his horse towards her , his eyes burning . 
 ` get back on your horse , ' he said quietly . 
 ` what 's the point , murray ? ' 
 she yelled back . 
 ` i 've killed them all now . ' 
 he was taking none of it . 
 ` get on your horse . ' 
 she threw her hands to the skies . 
 ` and what ? 
 go back to matara and watch them get finished off too ? ' 
 murray kept his tone steady , but imarko could see the clench in his jaw that he had seen in adri so many times . 
 ` if that 's their future then yes . 
 or maybe you can quit your selfishness and try to help them . ' 
 ` i have the blood of thousands of innocent people on my hands , murray ! ' 
 and the young man leapt from his horse , storming over to the queen of matara and roared into her face - ` and i 'll have yours on mine if you do n't get back on that horse ! 
 i do n't care how many curses and tears you have to rid yourself of , but you will get on that horse because you owe me my brother , ' his voice cracked as he said it , ` in my arms or in a wooden box , but with me . ' 
 murray leapt back on his horse and kicked it into a canter . 
 imarko looked down at cora sympathy . 
 the guilt he felt for hiding her identity in rayan was nothing , he imagined , to hers . 
 ` cora . 
 he does n't know the way to matara . 
 my memory is sketchy . ' 
 cora screamed into the night , a necessary expulsion of the tension she had stored within . 
 then she composed herself , knowing imarko would remain the voice of reason on this journey . 
 she jumped back on her horse , gaze passing to murray in the distance who had stalled his horse and was patiently , though mulling with anger , waiting ahead . 
 ` do you know what `` matara '' means , imarko ? ' 
 she asked as they both prepared to ride on . 
 ` no , ' he said softly , interested . 
 ` it means `` journey 's end '' . ' 
 her warrior leader 's smile hitched on his lips . 
 ` sounds like a challenge to me . ' 
 their borrowed horses thundered onwards to finish their long journey . 
 fifteen matara yesmi stood staring up at the grand temple before her , soaked in sunshine . 
 she sighed at the simplicity . 
 she ached under its magnitude . 
 this was to be the biggest challenge of her life . 
 with a nod to herself , a willing determination to not emerge unchanged , yesmi stepped forward and passed through the doors . 
 as they closed behind her a chill washed over her neck . 
 yesmi ... she heard on the air . 
 yesmi ... the temple was empty but for a small altar . 
 it felt odd . 
 like she had been here before . 
 but how could that be ? 
 the exaltation to deira level happened only once , and she had never taken the tests before . 
 the windows above rattled under a raging wind outside . 
 when had that happened ? 
 stepping forward , towards the altar , she heard a brisk tapping . 
 she turned back to the door . 
 the lock was shaking , rattling under some unknown force . 
 yesmi ... that voice called again . 
 was it her ? 
 was it the goddess reaching out to her ? 
 ` yesmi . ' 
 suddenly before her anatersa had appeared . 
 she loomed over like a mythical creature , hunting prey . 
 there was something about her face . 
 yesmi thought she recognised it , but there was something indistinct she could n't finger . 
 ` welcome to your trial . ' 
 yesmi knelt , lowering her head . 
 ` my lady , ' she breathed in humility . 
 anatersa was behind her the next instant . 
 ` you must seek to find me , ' she ordered . 
 ` you must search every corner of your soul and discover the secrets of my world . 
 this is the only way to rise to deira . 
 you must tell me where i am . ' 
 hunting for anatersa would mean opening her mind completely , absorbing all the minute energies a goddess hidden from the earth would emit . 
 she would have to chase them ; breaking barriers of magic she could n't understand merely to know a general location of the goddess . 
 if she could do that surely her power would be worth more than just deira level . 
 yesmi gazed at the floor beneath the goddess , confused by the demand . 
 something odd crept in her mind . 
 the floor right under anatersa 's feet was faintly glowing . 
 glowing green . 
 yesmi shot up ; anatersa gone but a harsh cackle flooding the temple . 
 she looked around . 
 she had been here before . 
 she was already a deira level witch . 
 this was not the goddess in her midst . 
 it was lorosa . 
 he had forced her within , and she had almost lost her barrier to her mind . 
 if she had done as this fake goddess had asked she would have left herself totally vulnerable to lorosa 's will . 
 she would have given him everything . 
 windows rattled , laughing echoed and the wind howled outside . 
 then suddenly sunshine . 
 lorosa had fled . 
 something struck her . 
 is this what lorosa was after , to find the location of the goddess ? 
 what would he do if he could , exactly ? 
 he may be powerful , but he would be no match for her . 
 nowhere near a match . 
 but his patron , as now she was positive he had one , what could he do ? 
 and who was it ? 
 she was outside the temple again . 
 she threw up barriers of every kind she could imagine around herself and the temple that stood before her - the entrance to her deeper mind . 
 she knelt down before the temple to focus . 
 yesmi would never let another soul enter that place . 
 all the secrets she knew she had locked inside . 
 sixteen safe he 'd locked her in shortly after he 'd slipped the bottle from his desk . 
 there were n't many people he 'd trust locked in that library , but there was not a chance telena would do harm to anything on those shelves . 
 probably she had n't even noticed him leave . 
 he stood on the roof of the library , dangling that bottle in his fingers , thoughts cast out into the bright landscape . 
 why did telena hate it so much ? 
 karnatay was alright . 
 there was no war . 
 there was no poverty . 
 life was simple , yes , but not boring . 
 or was it ? 
 the liquid sloshed within the glass as he rolled it back and forth . 
 this little bottle and that strange old woman ; this was probably the most intriguing thing that had happened for a long time . 
 since he 'd returned from that short trip out there , many tanes ago , he 'd settled back into an easy life . 
 he has a job , structured hours , he ate properly , had a few hobbies ... wow . 
 telena was right . 
 it was boring . 
 nothing like living sun to sun on travels , eating much one sun , little the next , striving to reach the next , unknown village just for a mouthful of water . 
 and all those incredible people and wonders he 'd seen . 
 for your sister . 
 keep it safe . 
 telena would n't last a sun out there on her own . 
 and what did this old woman mean ? 
 what did she mean for his sister ? 
 it was not good enough . 
 he 'd not have some strange , hobbling grandma endangering his little sister . 
 he popped the little cork from the bottle and began to pour . 
 the water drained quickly from the vessel , pooling below in the flowerbed . 
 he watched for a moment . 
 nothing happened . 
 it was just water . 
 and soon it would be gone . 
 a knocking from below . 
 he was late back , there were patrons needing the books . 
 seventeen targu targu had already seen the approaching army from a good distance away and sealed their gatehouse in preparation . 
 mayor rydan had his warriors , and the rayan warriors for good measure , rounded up and ready for battle . 
 by the time the mataran army had come close enough there were warriors lined on the battlements , bows drawn and loaded , and targu ready to defend . 
 kertia and partreek stood by , wandering along the battlements and looking over the army that had ruined their lives . 
 they would not let it happen again . 
 down with the army kurayne had bolted as fast as possible to premo before the order to attack had been called . 
 he thought they were passing targu to force supplies out of them , but premo had decided upon a different intention . 
 he could n't have premo change his mind suddenly and throw yet another village into destitution . 
 ` your majesty , we have supplies stored across the country , we do n't need to stop here . ' 
 premo eyed the village hungrily . 
 ` she will show herself if we attack . ' 
 kurayne gritted his teeth . 
 premo probably did n't even care if corana was inside . 
 ` have your order ready . ' 
 kurayne wanted to argue , but he could n't draw attention to his opposition . 
 ` sire . ' 
 the masters had their orders arrange themselves ready and the archers all moved forward . 
 premo raised his arm . 
 the archers loaded their bows and aimed for the just above the village walls to take out both the battlement warriors and anyone outside within the perimeter . 
 after an extended while , where kurayne had hoped premo had had a change of heart , premo 's arm dropped . 
 the arrows were released . 
 on the battlements the targuan warriors swung back from the crenels as the arrows flew their way - and stopped in thin air . 
 the king 's eyes widened just as much as kertia and partreek 's , all expecting there to have been and clatter of noise and at least some bloodshed . 
 there was none . 
 the arrows dropped almost silently from the air and crashed to the ground in a messy pile . 
 ` did you see that ? ' 
 kertia said , almost to himself . 
 the targuan warriors rose from their protective barrier and gazed out at the mataran army . 
 premo sneered and raised his arm again . 
 the mataran archers nocked and drew as before . 
 his arm dropped and another load of arrows was dispersed . 
 the targuans ducked - could they expect a miracle like that again ? 
 the arrows hit an invisible barrier , dangling in the air for moments before falling useless to the ground . 
 ` impossible , ' premo reasoned . 
 ` impossible ! ' 
 partreek smiled at kertia . 
 ` cora . 
 how else can it be explained ? ' 
 kertia had n't forgiven her , but he agreed . 
 there was no other explanation . 
 but ... he wondered , as he loaded his bow and pointed it towards the mataran army ... does it work the other way ? 
 kertia fired . 
 his arrow slipped neatly through whatever barrier was keeping them protected and neatly planted itself into a mataran warrior . 
 ` no ... ' premo hissed . 
 the targuans on the battlements all drew their bows again , and aimed . 
 on their head 's signal they fired , and onslaught of deadly weapons streaming through the air to premo 's army and crashing through their shields . 
 ` fall back ! 
 fall back ! ' 
 premo called in angered desperation . 
 then for the first time in premo 's tirade of destruction the mataran army was vulnerable to defeat . 
 it fled . 
 eighteen lisser adri found himself wandering almost aimlessly around this confusing city just as leyna had done that mid-sun . 
 every turn he took led him to an almost identical path with identical huts and turn-offs . 
 he stopped , mentally trying to recall the direction he came from and wondering if he could retrace his steps . 
 no wonder the kettar was n't so bothered by their presence : he knew if they tried to escape they 'd never know the way out anyway . 
 ` adri , hey there . ' 
 it was benee , who had appeared almost from nowhere . 
 ` you look lost . ' 
 ` tell the truth , everything looks the same to me here . ' 
 ` battle tactic , should our walls ever be breached . ' 
 adri thought as much . 
 ` what are you doing ? ' 
 ` getting lost . ' 
 benee started to lead them in the opposite direction to where adri had been going . 
 ` you looking for your girl ? ' 
 ` leyna 's not my girl . ' 
 they should n't have , but the words felt strange coming out of his mouth . 
 ` have you seen her ? ' 
 ` sorry , no . 
 i 'm heading to the temple though for the offerings , maybe she 's there . 
 you rayan lot celebrate lu mahrken ? ' 
 adri glanced at the huts around them . 
 how did benee know where they were going ? 
 ` not really . ' 
 benee seemed to pick up on his thoughts well . 
 ` there are symbols , you see , on the front to say who lives there . 
 we can find our way around by who the huts belong to . 
 well , once you know the layout . ' 
 adri nodded . 
 this was a cunning tribe and he felt almost glad that if premo ever attempted to start war on them he 'd have no hope whatsoever . 
 ` you 're staying for the celebrations though ? ' 
 benee asked as they emerged in the main square . 
 adri sighed at the seemingly simple route there . 
 ` no choice . ' 
 ` maybe , for your own peace , you should give some time to the goddess . 
 you can pray for murray . ' 
 the goddess was n't so helpful in that area before , he recalled , why would that change now ? 
 ` murray does n't need my prayers , he needs me there . ' 
 benee half-smiled at adri 's stubbornness . 
 he still had it , after all these tanes , he had n't changed a bit . 
 ` how did you end up here anyway , ben ? 
 i never took you for the heavy discipline type . ' 
 benee 's attention was distracted by an approaching warrior . 
 as verlanē reached them , he grabbed her into a strong hold and kissed her with fierce passion . 
 ` with a woman like this discipline is easy ! ' 
 ` i wondered if you targuans all had the same charm . ' 
 verlanē smirked at her stocky lover then grinned at adri with a look he could n't decipher . 
 ` hala taya again , warrior kile . ' 
 ` hey , ' he said shortly , not wanting to draw her into a conversation like the last one . 
 ` you ready ? ' 
 verlanē spoke softly to benee . 
 ` ready and waiting . 
 sure you do n't want to come , adri ? ' 
 he shook his head . 
 ` i 'll see you later . ' 
 but before the two left adri called after verlanē . 
 ` have you seen leyna ? ' 
 ` she 's in the main yard with carrta , ' she called back over her shoulder . 
 ` he 's giving her a few lessons . ' 
 the main yard . 
 he had no idea where that was . 
 carrta stepped forward slowly into a meditative stance , his sword pointing out steady and calm . 
 leyna followed his guide as closely as she could , but her moves were in no way as smooth or meditative . 
 as carrta turned to perform the next move , leyna followed again , mis-stepping . 
 she sighed heavily , this not being the first time she 'd made a false move . 
 ` i 'll never get this , ' she said , somewhat sadly , eyes rising to the sky . 
 though perturbed by her lack of grace , she had been enjoying carrta 's instruction so much that she had not noticed the sun passing so quickly across it . 
 carrta reset his stance and began the moves again . 
 ` you 're not too old to train , ' he said with surety . 
 she followed his moves again , trying to avoid making the same mistake again . 
 ` how young were you ? ' 
 carrta followed a move through before answering , the breathing apparently as important as the move . 
 ` my training started when i began walking . ' 
 ` did your tribe give you those tattoos ? ' 
 she asked , her eyes falling back to the tattoos on his skin . 
 ` no . ' 
 his answer was so sharp it forced leyna to silence . 
 his voice softened . 
 ` these were given to me by the laris tribe . ' 
 ` the second largest tribe in lisser , but the last to join , ' she stated , recalling those rayan texts . 
 carrta knew that was n't in the kettaryn book he had gifted her and he glanced at her with a little surprise . 
 ` you know our history ? ' 
 she hesitated , not wanting to reveal how much she 'd read about the distant cities that she 'd never seen . 
 he 'd see her as a silly young girl , without a clue about real life and cast her ignorant self from the city . 
 probably . 
 ` not a lot . ' 
 leyna answered finally . 
 carrta stopped the sequence and leyna followed suit . 
 ` i united with a woman of laris . 
 these are a kind of honorary membership . ' 
 he was in union ? 
 she wondered if she 'd get to meet her , the kettaren of kisera . 
 the insight was the cue to ask away , she decided . 
 ` how many do you have ? ' 
 ` seventeen . ' 
 as her eyes fell over his skin she began to circle him , gazing on the strange designs on his arms , over his back . 
 she had heard tattooing was done with a thick , sharp needle and ink ground from stones forced through the skin with it . 
 it sounded painful . 
 ` did they hurt ? ' 
 she asked , mouth wide at the variety . 
 his voice dropped slightly . 
 ` a few . ' 
 she beamed at the pure beauty of the artwork and she emerged round the other side of the kettar . 
 ` they 're amazing . 
 what do they mean ? ' 
 ` many things . 
 union , anniversaries , laris initiation , others ... ' she did n't need to know about some of the more ... intimate ones . 
 he pointed to a tattoo on his arm . 
 ` i 've only one for the leadership of kisera . ' 
 leyna came to a halt directly in front of him , mouth wide as she looked upon the tattoos on his chest . 
 they were the biggest and the most elegant , she decided , as her focus stopped on the large one over his heart . 
 ` that one 's beautiful , ' she smiled . 
 carrta pointed to the large tattoo she was looking at . 
 ` for my union . ' 
 ` no , that one , ' leyna had been looking to the smaller , but quite stunning tattoo just beneath it , delicate and intricately designed , curling tightly into the one above it . 
 ` what 's it for ? ' 
 she gazed closer . 
 but carrta stepped back , heavy reserve washing his expression blank . 
 ` for a widower , ' he said quickly . 
 ` excuse me . ' 
 and the kettar left her shunned and alone in the centre of the yard . 
 leyna threw her hands up to her mouth in horror at her runaway mouth and moved in haste in the opposite direction . 
 adri was leaning against the wooden stable wall as carrta passed him , saying nothing , on his way from the yard . 
 he had been watching them , but carrta had no idea how long . 
 ` leyna is n't a fighter , ' adri warned him . 
 carrta turned to him , feigning interest . 
 ` i made a promise to protect her . 
 from everything . 
 and everyone . ' 
 ` how noble , ' carrta answered plainly . 
 ` and she has someone waiting for her - ' ` before you start insinuating anything , at all , ' carrta cut in sharply , his voice dropping into a dangerous tone , ` it 'd do you good to remember that you are a guest in this city , because i wish it . 
 i suggest you find a quiet place to relax then enjoy the festivities . 
 there 's a big sun coming . ' 
 the kettar walked away . 
 adri in his possessiveness could have cost them their lives , and he was suddenly thankful that at least one of them had been welcomed in the kiseran protection . 
 he ran after leyna as she was disappearing from view . 
 he would n't lose her again . 
 nineteen the high road to matara it was in the fading sun and the lengthening shadows that he saw them and finally worked it out . 
 they had begun drawing their buried supplies from the ground as soon as they stopped in their hasty retreat from targu . 
 they could n't linger there much longer - corana was expected to be on her way to matara , maybe even there already , and they had many more turns before they returned to the city . 
 as he sat alone in his tent in the darkness , he had heard whispers as the army slept . 
 he expected them to have been the night patrol but the voices were n't just passing expressions , the words were hurried and were purposefully kept under the breath . 
 he 'd walked outside in interest , with suspicion and seen two warriors striding away to the nearby wood . 
 he had followed them , and he had kept himself far out of sight . 
 the warriors had headed deep into the trees , their eyes darting about to be sure they were n't being followed , and stopped by the stream than ran through it . 
 he had moved nearer , expertly avoiding attention , and stopped near enough to hear their conversation . 
 ` ... note was sent so he knows it 's happening , ' the taller warrior said . 
 ` or we think it 's happening , the rest still have n't agreed with us . 
 we only have a small selection of truly loyal , ' said his companion . 
 the taller warrior looked about , listening sharply ... it was a while before he went back to talking . 
 ` she is alive , ' he said with glee . 
 ` do you understand the gravity of what it means for us ? ' 
 his companion nodded . 
 ` there are definitely a hundred loyal , ' he said with surety . 
 ` if each of them can convince one other , and them another , the ranks will break from within and by the time we reach matara there will be no-one willing to follow that usurper again . ' 
 usurper ... ` get another messenger out . 
 send word to minister keno that corana is presumed to be on her way , ' the taller one said quickly . 
 as his companion rushed off with a nod , the taller warrior turned to the stream , and breathed a sigh into the air . 
 but as the other warrior headed back towards the camp he was grabbed by the throat and stabbed in the heart . 
 he fell to the ground with a groan , and premo stepped out from behind the tree . 
 as kurayne turned to watch tyan leave he saw the king standing in his place , the body of his friend limp in the dirt . 
 he could n't even form the words of his fear . 
 but the shouts and roars of the king that he would have expected any other time never came in that conversation . 
 premo held his voice in a steady , purposeful flow a he moved very , very slowly towards the treacherous master . 
 ` i used to know a man who was just one of many . 
 insignificant . 
 tired of routine . 
 he left his home and met a woman who changed his life . 
 who gave him things of which he could never have dreamed . 
 she loved him . ' 
 premo 's face was suddenly highlighted by a slip of fading sunshine through the canopy . 
 ` and i loved her . 
 i made a promise to her that a dream she had of unification for prenitia would be fulfilled . 
 one kingdom under one crown . 
 no , one empire . ' 
 the king pulled cora 's pendant from his pocket , squeezing it tightly in his hand . 
 ` these insignificant places , these useless people , would never be good enough to be part of this dream . 
 they need to be cleansed . 
 they need to be returned to alacaethe so they can be reborn into this world as loyal and worthy subjects . 
 prenitia needs to be fresh and new . 
 and mine , wholly and completely , before everything i promised her can be realised . ' 
 he stalked ever closer to kurayne , gaze never leaving him . 
 ` nothing in this world will stop me from making her dream come true . ' 
 the king gently placed a hand on kurayne 's shoulder , his fingers biting deeply into the fabric of his uniform , and he drew close , looking him directly in the eye . 
 ` nothing . ' 
 kurayne stood frozen as premo moved from the forest . 
 as he passed the dead tyan on the ground . 
 as the king disappeared from view . 
 and long after . 
 until he realised he was alone in there . 
 completely alone . 
 twenty lisser a mass of supplies was forced into a satchel . 
 a sword was strapped tightly to his back . 
 he was already annoyed that he had lost leyna , but it had taken him so long to find his way back to the hut that his determination has tripled in the time . 
 adri stood up sharply , ready now to walk out of that city and get on with what he needed to do . 
 he turned to leave . 
 leyna stood at the door staring in confusion . 
 ` adri ? 
 what are you doing ? ' 
 he looked in those painful eyes and almost gave up his plans . 
 he shook himself back to reality . 
 this was for her benefit as much as his . 
 ` leaving . 
 i do n't think we should hang around for an entire sun hoping these people will rescue us . 
 i should go to matara . ' 
 she moved into the room . 
 ` what about me ? 
 he could barely meet her gaze . 
 ` you stay . 
 they seem to like you and you 'll be safe . ' 
 ` i 'd hold you back . ' 
 the guilt and uselessness in her eyes clawed at his heart . 
 ` no . 
 but i 'd want murray to know you 're protected . ' 
 ` and what if murray is n't there ? 
 what if cora is n't really there ? ' 
 her voice rose in anger . 
 ` what if they 're both rotting back in rayan with everyone else and we 're the only ones left ? ' 
 ` leyna - ' suddenly she had wrapped her arms around him possessively . 
 ` what if you leave me here and get killed ? 
 then i 'll have no-one . ' 
 he could do nothing else but hold her close as she pleaded with him to stay . 
 he felt her warm breath against his ear . 
 ` what good is our being alive if we do n't give ourselves a chance to appreciate it ? ' 
 outside there was a sudden burst of excitement . 
 the celebrations had begun . 
 leyna drew away , her eyes wide and desperate , and so very beautiful . 
 ` please , adri . ' 
 he could barely breathe as their gazes fixed . 
 ` just one night . 
 one night of freedom . ' 
 there was a sharp plunging of swords to one side backed by a loud drumbeat . 
 a pull back to the beat and a mass of swipes to the other , a drum roll rising loud and stopping suddenly . 
 the kiseran warriors finished their incredible routine on the large purpose-built stage in the greeting yard , to a huge round of applause . 
 these warriors , all of them , were masters of their trade . 
 leyna sat next to verlanē in the crowd clapping wildly and beaming as if she had the life of a queen . 
 adri 's thoughts still drifted on how he was going to convince these people to help them . 
 his mind had been made up they needed to raise an army , but that would mean someone to lead them . 
 and that would n't be him . 
 he glanced over the crowd and saw the kettar sitting , plain-faced as usual , watching closely his warriors on the stage . 
 it wo n't be him . 
 then he moved his attention to the rest of the crowd . 
 around them were hordes of not only kiserans , but larisiens and xinthi , too . 
 the tribe seemed so different with such a vibrant crowd within it . 
 he heard celebratory gasps from somewhere else in the city and wondered what was happening in the other parts of lisser . 
 this was one of only two moons each tane that the inner doors to all three tribal areas were opened and free to roam . 
 maybe he 'd go and gauge what the leaders of laris and xinthi were like and see whether they were a better hope of assistance . 
 as he looked back down he caught leyna smiling up at him , willing him to start enjoying himself . 
 for her sake he managed a smile , but as she turned back to the kiseran warriors where the drumbeat had started in a quick motion again , it faded from his face . 
 adri felt a tap on his shoulder . 
 it was benee . 
 they embraced briefly , and benee leaned down to kiss verlanē 's lips and leyna 's hand , the latter still retreating into shyness . 
 he thumped adri affectionately on the arm and signalled for him to follow . 
 adri looked to leyna . 
 for what ? 
 for permission ? 
 but she was back gazing at the new routine that had started on the stage ahead , so he followed benee away . 
 as they wandered down a side street busy with people and passed a table full of pastry goodies , benee picked a couple up and handed one to adri , squeezed close behind him in the masses . 
 ` try that . ' 
 it looked good , but adri had n't felt hungry all the time he 'd been in kisera . 
 ` come on , kile , you do n't wan na get skinny for your queen do you ? ' 
 benee laughed . 
 so he knew . 
 it should n't have been a surprise , he was going to have to announce it anyway the next sun , even if he had told carrta in confidence . 
 but something within him made him burn with foolishness at the thought of others knowing . 
 how could he have been so gullible to have believed her all that time ? 
 how stupid would these people think he was now ? 
 but then they did n't know the whole truth . 
 and they did n't know how much he was going to make premo pay for it . 
 ` it 's mad , you know , ' benee called as they seemed to become more separated . 
 ` what ? ' 
 adri said , biting into the sweet pastry . 
 it was really good . 
 and he felt his stomach growling . 
 perhaps he was hungry after all . 
 benee gazed over another table full of glinting kiseran emblems as they were forced along the route , all unique and forged expertly . 
 ` going to matara . ' 
 ` what do you expect us to do ? 
 stay here ? ' 
 adri said with a grimace . 
 ` you 'd be safer here . ' 
 they would be , certainly . 
 adri contemplated briefly what his life would be like living here , in this city , with a kettar who hated him and a woman who loved someone else - his brother no doubt . 
 ` we 'd be alone here . ' 
 ` you 'd be alive here , ' benee added . 
 ` barely , ' adri said under his breath before finishing the last of the pastry . 
 benee waved him through the crowd to a quieter area of the street and slipped down a side alley towards another , seemingly calmer area . 
 ` convince me , kile , ' benee said in strangely chipper tone . 
 convince him of what ? 
 why he had no other choice than to go to matara ? 
 that he had been told by a goddess in hiding that he had been deceived by someone he thought he knew ? 
 or that he knew , however this worked out , that he could not - would not - let cora face those consequences alone , no matter her failures , because what 'd she 'd gone through should never have happened to her . 
 ` she 'll be judged . 
 however it works out , and for a deserting monarch whose actions led to a countrywide devastation , i would n't expect the punishment to be lenient . ' 
 benee nodded in understanding . 
 ` would you punish her ? ' 
 ` what kind of a question is that ? ' 
 ` your home was destroyed in the run . 
 surely if you are certain you would punish her for what she 's done , then so would others . 
 but if you would n't ... i 'm just speculating , adri . 
 you have to look at all angles . ' 
 of course he would n't . 
 and he was convinced that as soon as everyone knew the truth , the whole truth , no-one else would either . 
 all that strength she had kept within rayan and all the good she had done , or tried to do there , could not be glossed over . 
 everything they had felt for each other was n't imaginary , and he was damn sure he would n't let people who had missed her growth judge her without his counsel ! 
 ` well , then , there 's an even bigger reason for us to go there . ' 
 benee eyed him with interest . 
 ` i 'd have to speak in her defence , would n't i ? ' 
 twenty-one the high road to matara the brilliance of the campfire flames shone through kurayne and burned the last twinkle of hope from his soul . 
 as he dragged his lumbering feet towards his tent he felt a presence behind him . 
 he stopped , having lost control of his own actions , waiting for the blade to enter his back . 
 it never came . 
 so he turned . 
 there stood the king with a smirk . 
 ` warriors of matara , i want to hear your support for one of the greatest mataran masters ever to have lived . 
 master kurayne . ' 
 a roar of approval shook the ground beneath their feet . 
 only kurayne knew this was not to end there . 
 ` who would stand with him in battle ? ' 
 another roar . 
 kurayne glanced idly to his left , right , willing himself to just run ... ` master kurayne has done something so courageous , so exceptional and beyond expectation that i decided i should share it with the troops . ' 
 kurayne felt through his numbness hands clasping his arms , his shoulders , clapping his back . 
 ` master kurayne was going to send a note this sun . 
 it was to be addressed to keno , our most stern minister who held such contempt for our journey around the country . 
 shall i share what were to be the contents ? 
 it was to read that minister keno should be prepared for the return of the queen . ' 
 kurayne saw that demon in his eye . 
 ` queen corana . 
 the woman who held such base respect for you that she left before her coronation , in complete disrespect for her mother . 
 let us not forget , queen helan , my fene , gave every one of you exactly what you wanted from matara , what you needed , no matter who you were . 
 and this man , this master of matara , was to betray every one of you and invite that deserting thief back onto the throne that her mother passed legally to me ! ' 
 premo stalked to kurayne , eyes gripped with madness , hands due to carry it out . 
 ` so tell me , ' his mouth pierced , ` would any of you stand by master kurayne now ? ' 
 the air was dead . 
 kurayne 's heart was stale . 
 the eyes of his comrades bore through his soul . 
 no one would follow him now . 
 as premo smiled and walked away , no one would look again . 
 twenty-two lisser even whilst the wonderful kiseran routines were still going on , verlanē had dragged leyna away and guided her with growing excitement deeper and deeper into kisera to the inner wall that led to the mento . 
 the meeting ground was full of members of all three tribes mingling about , some getting on far better than others leyna noticed , when she glimpsed some wandering hands . 
 her gaze shot upwards as they passed through a shadow , at the tower home of lisser 's magician . 
 she had wondered what he 'd looked like ; she had never seen a magician before . 
 ` verlanē ! ' 
 she called through the noise . 
 ` yeah ? ' 
 the warrior called as she shoved her way through the crowds hogging the gateway . 
 ` the magician ... ? ' 
 leyna started , pointing at the hut above . 
 verlanē pulled leyna through the gateway and drew her from the huddle to a clearer part of lisser 's back streets . 
 ` frebrigo . 
 he 's a sorcerer . ' 
 ` is he really powerful ? ' 
 leyna said , mouth wide as she stared upwards in awe . 
 ` do you feel the cold ? ' 
 verlanē teased . 
 she had n't even thought about it , but crossing into mahrken was astonishingly comfortable now she thought about it . 
 verlanē said , with a half serious expression , ` he 's powerful . ' 
 leyna had a rush of imagination , the lisser sorcerer being created in all kinds of ways in her mind . 
 but she had no time to ponder further as verlanē led her into the societal part of laris - and what a sight it was . 
 laris , leyna had read a long time ago , was the second largest tribe in the city . 
 the people decorated themselves with tattoos for almost every important occasion and as such , all of their citizens were adorned with these tribal works of art . 
 and the buildings in this part of the city did n't put these artists to shame . 
 they had the most spectacularly styled architecture that leyna had seen anywhere , in life or in pictures , and leyna was desperate to stop and just study them . 
 but the women wandered hastily through the crowd , verlanē not calling a halt until they reached the central ground of laris , where a large group of larisiens were just starting on something else they were famed for . 
 dancing . 
 verlanē shuffled into a free spot between an assortment of seated patrons and tugged leyna to her knees . 
 the men and women ahead were wearing a very thin type of material for which the word ` clothes ' did n't seem appropriate . 
 they were practically bits of material styled to protect modesty but accentuate everything else about their bodies . 
 leyna shivered at the thought of being so revealed in public , but she had gleaned soon after entering this city that there was no shame in it here . 
 there 's no need , she mused , recalling verlanē 's barely there sparring outfit revealing her amazing tone beneath , and the dip and curves of the kettar 's strong , hard body . 
 then a rush of shame swam through her for even the passing thought . 
 ` you would n't think those innocent looking things could take your head off , would you ? ' 
 verlanē whispered as quietly she could to be heard . 
 ` they 're warriors ? ' 
 leyna gasped . 
 verlanē grinned with a glint in her eye . 
 ` they look innocent and beautiful but it 's easy to forget they 're trained just as well in the arts of war as the arts of seduction . ' 
 ` but ... why ? ' 
 the dancers ' bodies smoothed sensually through the waves of the music , their eyes falling to different members of the audience , beckoning . 
 verlanē motioned around the audience . 
 ` once , laris was a tribe with a small army , but an extraordinary artistic culture . 
 times changed , and when laris and kisera merged here at lisser , both learnt skills from the other . 
 laris took their fighting skills to another level . 
 what 's the best way to infiltrate the palace of an enemy without announcing your presence as a killer ? 
 seduction . ' 
 ` so why did n't the city just merge into one big tribe ? ' 
 leyna asked . 
 ` could n't you integrate all your knowledge then ? 
 become a completely united city ? ' 
 verlanē 's eyes narrowed at leyna 's question , as if she could n't quite understand how she had made her conclusions . 
 ` the books i 've read made it seem as if you shared your cultures so closely there was barely any other choice . 
 or reason to stay separate . ' 
 verlanē almost snorted at the thought . 
 ` is that what they write about us ? ' 
 ` just what i 've read ... ' leyna replied nervously . 
 verlanē stood up and flicked her head for leyna to follow . 
 as they left the central ground and began to browse the various stalls that were lined neatly around their wonderful buildings , verlanē glanced thoughtfully at the younger woman . 
 ` you really want to understand why we 'll never unite ? ' 
 leyna met her gaze , and with a gulp nodded back . 
 ` because larisiens refuse execution . ' 
 leyna 's brow knitted . 
 how did a war tribe not believe in execution ? 
 ` sounds simple , huh ? ' 
 verlanē said plainly . 
 ` it is n't . 
 you 've read some of the kettaryn history . 
 you would have seen the very first passage by kettar reianca that binds kiserans in loyalty and protection . ' 
 of course she had . 
 the most incredible speech by the very first kettar implanted in every kiseran from the moment they could speak . 
 ` larisiens do n't have those views , ' verlanē told her , keeping her voice low enough to not offend those around them . 
 ` loyalty to them is something that can be broken if the holder stops feeling it . 
 that is n't kisera . 
 we never stop . 
 once kiseran , you are always kiseran . 
 and if you can not hold yourself to that loyalty and protection , and feel that you can simply detach yourself from it and abuse all it means , you are no longer loyal . 
 and the oath you swore is broken . 
 you ca n't live with a lifelong oath that is broken . ' 
 leyna recalled something else from the book . 
 ` and it is the kettar that ... ' the warrior nodded . 
 ` it is the kettar that executes those that betray . ' 
 that was another reason kisera has been around so long , leyna thought , a shiver running up her spine at the thought . 
 they have removed their weaknesses . 
 ` if you do not fail kisera , kisera will never fail you . ' 
 leyna whispered . 
 verlanē curled an arm around leyna 's shoulder and gave her a good squeeze . 
 ` maybe you should write a book about it when your journey is over . 
 you can tell the world who we really are . 
 and you can ponder the question of how a kiseran lord and a larisien priestess ever got together ! ' 
 leyna 's jaw dropped . 
 the kettaren had been a priestess ? 
 a ring of pretty flowers popped itself over leyna 's head and the fragrance washed over her , making her smile . 
 there were two larisien women now surrounding them , one holding a handful of the flower rings and the other holding an ink pot and brush . 
 ` tonight , kiserans , you will be of laris ! ' 
 that accent , leyna mused , she knew it from somewhere . 
 without a chance of refusal the larisiens pulled verlanē and leyna away through a nearby doorway . 
 within was a long corridor with doorways every few steps to the end . 
 the larisien women took verlanē through one door and , unable to protest , leyna through another . 
 in a flurry more women came , holding clothing of a kind so exquisite leyna did n't even notice holding her own breath . 
 she felt fingers comb through her hair , twisting it , smoothing it , pulling it away from her face . 
 she caught a glimpse of herself , and the smile she held , in the nearby mirror . 
 one night of freedom . 
 reaching over to the dresser leyna tentatively picked up a pair of scissors . 
 she handed them over to the woman untangling her hair with a bone comb . 
 ` how much , suela kisera ? ' 
 she was no longer leyna of rayan . 
 at that moment she was kiseran . 
 and kiserans were brave . 
 she gazed at the locks that had hidden her from the world , and the world from her , then raised her fingers to show her where to cut . 
 adri sipped a mug of something that steamed into the chilly air . 
 he had been told it was kiseran yares - their speciality sweet tea - and recalled verlanē 's expression about there being no vensa in kisera . 
 it was probably a good thing ; the last thing he needed was to lose his control when everything was at stake . 
 he looked down at the row of swords on the table before him that were so exquisite he hesitated in touching them . 
 for everything else kisera was , they certainly had a skill with weaponry he had never seen surpassed . 
 as with the other creations adri and benee had seen that night - golden emblems , steel and leather armour , knives - they were all unique , something benee told him only happened for lu mahrken . 
 benee chatted not far away to the warrior behind the stall . 
 adri reached out to one particular sword , touching gently the supreme craftsmanship that had forged the blade . 
 he 'd feel strange with such a weapon in his hands . 
 he 'd almost feel invincible , and with that path lay only danger . 
 ` what do you think ? ' 
 adri head benee ask as the former targuan shifted back towards him . 
 adri cleared his throat . 
 ` i think that i 'm not surprised kisera is so rich with what you have to offer . ' 
 benee laughed loudly . 
 ` these ones are n't for sale . 
 we have standard weaponry for that . 
 these are celebratory . ' 
 ` but battle ready . ' 
 ` always . ' 
 the man benee was talking to came into view behind the stall . 
 he beckoned to adri briefly , and it took a moment for him to realise the man wanted to see his sword . 
 sharing a look with benee , who ushered him silently into obeying , adri pulled his sword from its scabbard and handed it over , with reserve . 
 the man weighed it in his hand and examined the detail . 
 ` this is rya , one of our weapon smiths , amongst other trades . ' 
 rya shot him a smile and then placed adri 's sword on the ground behind him . 
 ` he loves undermining our weaponry . 
 he 's got a bet going on with another smith about who has the better eye for unknown weapons . ' 
 rya eyed his table of weapons and lifted one from the row . 
 removing it from the scabbard the two warriors were greeted with a thing of such beauty adri 's objection to having his sword taken vanished . 
 ` try it , ' rya told him , handing it over . 
 adri took it carefully . 
 precisely why he thought his handling of it could inflict any kind on damage to the weapon was beyond him , but it sent through him a strange sense of fragility . 
 ` it feels perfect , ' adri said , testing the balance . 
 ` it is perfect . ' 
 with an amazed grin he handed the sword back . 
 but rya would n't take it . 
 he nodded silently . 
 ` you do n't mean . . ? ' 
 rya handed him the scabbard and a brand new sword belt , this one strangely not emblazoned with the kiseran emblem . 
 ` i do n't know what to say , ' adri said , truthfully . 
 ` enaynē , ' benee suggested . 
 ` means ` thank you ' . ' 
 as verlanē emerged from the larisien hut she appeared like a totally different woman . 
 she wore beautiful , flowing clothes , fitted tightly and loosely in all the right places . 
 her hair had been pulled from its usual braiding and curled with hot irons , hooked up by little pins and haloed by a ring of gems . 
 the women had drawn ink symbols on her skin that curled from the side of her face and down her arm . 
 verlanē glanced back to be sure leyna was following her but she was n't there . 
 ` we 'll miss them ! ' 
 verlanē called . 
 a few moments later , leyna emerged from the doorway . 
 she swallowed hard , pulling her arms around her brand new outfit , attempting to hide how exposed she felt . 
 ` what are you doing ? ' 
 verlanē exclaimed , pulling leyna 's arms away to show her in full view . 
 leyna shifted uncomfortably in the light fabric that brushed over her skin causing it to tingle . 
 she had been given trousers like verlanē 's that flowed with the air and fitted tightly at the waist . 
 but instead of a matching top , they had suited her up in a skin tight fabric that had no sleeves of any kind , just clasping itself tightly to her chest by thin ties at the back and hung down -lrb- to her relief -rrb- beyond her waist . 
 her eyes roamed over the delicate ink tattoos the women had given her . 
 and her hair . 
 it was almost all gone . 
 those long clumps had been sheared to above her shoulders , braided and curled and pinned with gems and jewels of indescribable beauty . 
 when she 'd looked in the mirror , the reflection was new . 
 ` people are looking . ' 
 ` no-one 's looking , leyna . 
 not in the way you think , ' she said , knowingly . 
 for this one night of freedom , did she really feel free right now ? 
 she certainly felt naked . 
 verlanē grabbed her wrist and pulled her from the hut . 
 ` do we have to give these back ? ' 
 the kiseran cackled , shaking her head in utter amusement . 
 they began winding back through the laris streets until they were almost back at the mento . 
 ` kettar , ' verlanē said in greeting , stopping to salute him quickly . 
 carrta 's gaze washed briefly over verlanē then leyna where it remained for a short moment . 
 maybe he did n't recognise her . 
 his focus returned to his warrior . 
 ` it 's not necessary tonight , verlanē , you know that . ' 
 ` old habits , carrta . ' 
 leyna was aghast at verlanē 's familiarity . 
 were they allowed to address their warlord by his name ? 
 ` are you going to see the vocals ? ' 
 carrta shook his head . 
 ` maybe later . ' 
 ` temple , ' verlanē said , no question . 
 carrta 's glanced passed between the women again , avoiding answering . 
 ` enjoy yourselves . ' 
 he strode away , heading into laris . 
 before leyna could question her guide , verlanē had again pulled her through the inner city gates and this time entered into xinthi . 
 there was a much colder and far more looming atmosphere on this side of the city . 
 where laris was bright and beautiful , and kisera was plain but clean and highly advanced , xinthi felt as if it was the darker cousin . 
 the people that mingled seemed to be having the same amount of enjoyment as everywhere else , but the buildings , created of dark wood and black metal , held a superficial air . 
 she felt claustrophobic there . 
 it felt like how she had imagined a war tribe would live . 
 as a beacon of fear . 
 but then she heard something that shattered her expectations , rising above the chatter of the crowd , and everyone else became silent . 
 verlanē led her quickly along the main path from the mento and soon they had arrived in the xinthi central square - or central circle - and in the middle of it was a group of singers , who had just begun their enchanting melody and who were clearly the makers of the silencing sounds before . 
 verlanē 's gaze skirted the crowd until it fell on benee and adri and she ushered leyna towards them . 
 leyna felt a pang in her stomach ; what would adri think of the strange clothes she was wearing ? 
 then she wondered what adri would make of the clothes that cora would be wearing should she regain her crown . 
 she was royalty . 
 why would hers be of any importance in comparison ? 
 still , as they reached the two men who acknowledged their presence just as they appeared , benee shot up , mouth wide as he looked at verlanē . 
 leyna smiled to herself . 
 he could n't have seen her that often in clothes like that if he still has that reaction . 
 benee and adri had at some point in the celebrations been redressed in what looked like xinthi clothes . 
 they were tailored and excellently made , brightly coloured , a style that she could never imagine adri picking out for himself . 
 the style suited the two , especially the mid-blue with red trim that complemented adri 's dark hair . 
 yet leyna fidgeted still as adri rose from the ground slowly . 
 he did n't say anything ; he just ... looked at her . 
 she saw his expression soften and his lips twitch , trying not to smile too much . 
 he leaned in close to her , his hand resting gently on the small of her back , and he whispered in her ear . 
 ` you are beautiful . ' 
 there were muffles of annoyance from patrons behind them and benee drew verlanē to the ground next to him . 
 adri removed his coat and laid it on the ground for leyna to sit on . 
 she obliged him , but with that ever-present shyness . 
 adri tilted her chin upwards with his fingers and nodded . 
 you should walk with a proud stance , leyna , the goddess ' words echoed in her mind . 
 you have nothing to hide from . 
 so she did . 
 with a deep breath . 
 they sat there together , close , in silence , while the sweet , slow , enlightening song of the xinthi drifted off into the night . 
 twenty-three matara as those ancient walls rose higher and higher in the distance , murray felt himself consider what adri would be like as duke of matara . 
 he 'd have influence like he could n't believe . 
 like he 'd yearned for in rayan . 
 real power of change ... he brushed off such fanciful notions of grandeur as the horse started to splash its way through the sea creeping up the beach . 
 there was still the matter of cora - corana - the runaway princess , the reason they were all here . 
 cora 's thought on the matter ahead of them was almost certainly the same to some degree . 
 though it faltered on glimpsing the sheer state of the city that had been her home . 
 that still is her home , she corrected herself . 
 is , now . 
 she saw no battlement guard . 
 she saw no patrolling warriors on the exterior . 
 as they headed further up the coast and reached the point the cliff began to rise from the beach , cora stalled her horse and dismounted . 
 ` no-one 's guarding the city , ' imarko pointed out , having noticed the same as she . 
 ` he 's left someone , ' she said , remembering aenam 's warning . 
 ` and i am fairly sure i would like a meeting with him . ' 
 imarko jumped from his horse and pulled it to face the other direction . 
 he smacked it hard on the rump and with fussy noise it galloped off . 
 ` how do we get in without our presence being known ? ' 
 murray and cora sent their horses packing and wandered up the beach , her companions following closely . 
 ` my lifeline , ' she called back . 
 cora kept her eyes ahead , on the gradually rising cliff , murray and imarko dumb to her plans . 
 the sun had begun to climb higher in the sky by the time cora stopped and raced towards the cliff face . 
 she brushed her hands over the rock and under her fingers a symbol appeared . 
 murray and imarko leaned over her shoulders as she followed the symbol down and began to dig away at the sand . 
 the two men helped her and it was n't long before they 'd unearthed a wooden trapdoor beneath . 
 there was no handle , just a flat piece of heavy wood . 
 ` not much of a life line if you ca n't get in , ' murray quipped , unimpressed . 
 cora glanced and him , then at imarko . 
 she seemed reluctant to carry on . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 imarko wondered . 
 ` there 's something else , ' she said , clearing her throat . 
 they waited for her to speak . 
 instead she shook her hand a little then placed it on the wood . 
 a shimmer pulsed from beneath her hand and the trapdoor fell open . 
 then she yelped , pressing her palm to her head in pain . 
 ` was that ... magic ? ' 
 murray murmured . 
 ` it 's like a lock , ' she struggled through the pain . 
 ` my hand was the key . ' 
 ` what and it 's meant to punish you as well ? ' 
 he said softly . 
 imarko grunted in a way that cora knew his thoughts . 
 ` i 'm not a magician , ' she assured him . 
 ` it was put there by the city witch . 
 i just ... i know a little . 
 mostly to conta - ' she cut herself off , changing her mind . 
 ` all queens of matara are taught the basics . ' 
 she signalled to imarko and murray to go first . 
 imarko blew a sigh and dropped himself into the hole . 
 murray stayed up a few moments longer . 
 his and cora 's eyes met , but she could n't work him out . 
 ` you can trust me , murray . ' 
 she felt to need to reassure both him and herself with that sentence . 
 ` i never said i did n't , ' he replied , his expression neutral . 
 then he dropped himself into the hole . 
 cora held herself steady over the hole in the sand and dropped herself into it after them . 
 a flash of light filled the tunnel from tiny little orb on the wall . 
 ` that 's not me either , ' cora called forward as she noticed the strange looks back . 
 murray shook his head and started forward after imarko . 
 ` cities are weird . ' 
 then the little wooden trapdoor closed itself back up . 
 keno strode swiftly along the top corridor of the palace , his attention fixed on the documents before him . 
 just around the corner a shift in the wall revealed three intruders , creeping out into the half-lit palace corridor . 
 cora led them all to the left , just as keno turned to the right and the panel slid shut . 
 he froze in mid-stride , imarko grasping his sword . 
 cora shook her head , signalling for imarko to keep back . 
 she stood tall at the minister . 
 ` keno ? ' 
 her voice almost broke as his name left her lips . 
 ` corana ? ' 
 then his mind snapped back , his eyes flickering to the stony faces behind her . 
 ` come with me . ' 
 he steamed past them and led them along a couple of corridors , then through a heavy door . 
 he shut it , himself the last one to enter and stood once again in silence with the strangers that stood in his office . 
 ` anything you need , it 'll be through there , ' he said in controlled confusion , pointing to his private inner rooms . 
 ` i 'll get food and vensa brought up . ' 
 murray and cora shared a look . 
 from her expression he knew this man could be trusted , but from his he knew that he was not happy to see her . 
 murray squeezed her hand softly as he passed her and he and imarko headed to the other room , sliding the door closed . 
 keno was at a loss for words , yet he had spent the past eight tanes knowing exactly what he was going to say should she ever return . 
 he paced a little in silence as cora wandered to the window , peering out at her broken city . 
 ` the city is in ruins . ' 
 keno threw a hand out gesturing the destruction . 
 ` courtesy of our great majesty . ' 
 she was n't exactly sure which majesty he was referring to . 
 ` keno - ' ` no , corana , do n't even start , ' he snapped . 
 ` i do n't know what to say to you at the moment . 
 just do n't . ' 
 he paused again , paced a little , struggling to draw all those words back from his memory . 
 those words he would use to put her in her place . 
 to make her realise what she had done . 
 but they all flew from his mind under the anger . 
 ` what made you think that you could just walk back in here ? 
 did you think we 'd be happy to see you ? 
 tell me something , ' he said , striding to her . 
 ` why did you block yesmi from your mind ? 
 why did n't you just tell her where you were ? ' 
 ` i could n't , ' she replied , a little intimidated by his interrogation . 
 that was her shame . 
 ` oh , of course . 
 you could n't . 
 well , many thanks for your inabilities corana , you 've ruined your city , imprisoned your magician , killed half the population including my father and used up almost every resource we have . 
 welcome back to your shell . ' 
 he turned from her , unable to look on her face for fear of what would leave his lips next . 
 ` imprisoned ? 
 of course ... ' ` do you think we would be in this state if yesmi walked free ? 
 premo was trying to force her to tell him where you were . ' 
 his expression darkened so profoundly she wondered whether he would attack her . 
 ` where were you ? ' 
 after a breath ... ` rayan . ' 
 his words stuck in his throat . 
 he was expecting some far off country that he had never heard of , beyond the borders into the unknown , but that ... ` all this time . 
 only in rayan . 
 it would have taken you barely ten turns by horse to get back here . ' 
 his brow raised in desperation . 
 ` tell me it was because you did n't hear of the other invasions , that the news did n't reach you until it was too late . ' 
 she could n't tell him . 
 he grasped at his hair with a shaking hand that then slid down to his face . 
 he felt his legs shake and he forced himself to sit before he fell . 
 ` oh , goddess . 
 you knew . ' 
 his eyes were fixed to the floor , his expression emotionless . 
 ` what happened to you ? ' 
 he was n't referring to her life in rayan . 
 ` he wanted me dead . ' 
 ` so to save your life , you condemned ours ? ' 
 he asked her calmly . 
 ` it was n't like that , there were other reasons . 
 i would never have done it had i thought for a moment - ' ` which is precisely why we 're in this situation now , ' he growled , standing sharply , gripping the desk in the midst of his mental imbalance . 
 ` you did n't think , because you did n't care . ' 
 the door slammed hard behind him . 
 twenty-four lisser the wonderful memories of the previous night had kept leyna buzzing since she got up at mid-sun . 
 she had wandered in a happy daze around the incredible city , almost every street igniting in her mind another experience she 'd had . 
 she was sat on the edge of one of the raised hut porches , paying no attention to whose , her legs dangling and mind wandering . 
 to be truthful , she had been trying to maintain focus on the lu mahrken celebrations and not on the impending gathering at the mento . 
 it had seemed like suns ago they had arrived at kisera , but in reality it was barely two . 
 as she drifted in thought carrta emerged from a corner and headed up the street . 
 he did n't spot her until he was almost upon her , but when he did he halted . 
 after thought , he unhooked his sword from his belt and left it at the bottom of the hut 's steps . 
 then he trod softly upwards towards the silent young woman . 
 he followed her gaze and all he could imagine she was staring at was the row of incredibly old huts that stuck out crookedly from the newer , better made ones . 
 they 'd been there since before his grandparents were born . 
 ` i was thinking of having them pulled down , ' he said , startling her . 
 he shifted his gaze back to the huts and she followed it . 
 ` i did n't see them , ' she said quietly . 
 ` may i ? ' 
 he asked her . 
 why would he ask her ? 
 this was his land he could do as he pleased . 
 leyna lowered her eyes , the memory of their previous meeting in the yard still on her mind . 
 she felt sick at the thought . 
 carrta sat himself at a comfortable distance , sensing her apprehension . 
 for a moment they remained silent . 
 ` did you like what you saw of the city ? ' 
 he asked her , gazing forward as she was . 
 she nodded . 
 ` did you see the laris library ? ' 
 ` no , ' she answered brightly . 
 ` i did n't know they had one . ' 
 ` it 's not a big as ours , but the building is ... definitely worth the visit . ' 
 leyna nodded , making a mental note to see it before she left . 
 she glanced at the kettar , but his attention remained ahead . 
 he looked somehow ... younger , as he sat there in silence . 
 she already knew he was n't that old . 
 he had been one of the youngest kettars in kiseran history , which was a prenitian known fact even she 'd heard , but his demeanour and his title certainly added to the perception of his age . 
 his hair was short , battle-ready like their weapons , a nice deep-brown , and his hairline led to a strong jaw that flattered his profile . 
 she saw it tense slightly then relax and she turned away , wondering if she 'd been looking at him longer than she thought . 
 ` how long have you been kettar ? ' 
 she asked him , feeling a little splinter of wood beneath her fingers and picking at it . 
 ` just over eight tanes . ' 
 ` you had to fight for the honour , ' she paused before continuing . 
 was it acceptable for her to be so ... inquisitive ? 
 ` how many people did you kill ? ' 
 he did n't flinch with the answer . 
 ` everyone who drew their sword against me . ' 
 ` friends ? ' 
 he nodded . 
 ` family ? ' 
 ` no family . 
 but it 's not unknown . ' 
 ` how can you forget something like that ? ' 
 she asked , an odd , pleading expression shrouding her face , wondering herself if she 'd ever forget the knife she plunged into that bounty hunter . 
 ` i did n't . 
 i never will . ' 
 a weight lifted from her . 
 here was a warlord , someone who had the respect of thousands and who had raised his sword in defence and forced it down in attack , confessing to her he was just as human as the rest of them . 
 she should n't have asked what left her lips next , but she felt herself overwhelmed to know the truth about this man . 
 ` how long ago did she die ? ' 
 it came out strained and cautious . 
 carrta 's eyes flickered at the memory . 
 ` five tanes , ' he said softly . 
 then he tapped his chest where beneath leyna knew rested the tattoo that laris had given him in consolation . 
 ` they give you this to remember the dead . 
 i never expected to forget . ' 
 she looked at him again , this time aware she was looking for longer than she should . 
 ` what was her name ? ' 
 after some hesitation , he breathed it out . 
 ` seana . ' 
 it was a beautiful larisien name . 
 ` a flower in mahrken , ' leyna said , recalling something she 'd read in meline 's dictionary of prenitian names . 
 then a very different expression crossed carrta 's face . 
 ` i 've never met anyone outside of lisser who knew that . ' 
 he was looking so intently at her that she was compelled by a feeling deep inside to look away . 
 ` it 's been a heavy couple of suns , ' he continued , returning to his stoic demeanour . 
 ` verlanē will collect you when we 're ready . ' 
 carrta jumped from the porch and took leyna 's hand to assist her down . 
 as their fingers parted she looked straight into his eyes . 
 ` i 'm sorry , ' she said , sincerely . 
 carrta nodded gently . 
 ` you alright finding your way back ? ' 
 ` follow the signs , ' she replied with a sweet smile , pointing to the little carved emblems on the front of the huts . 
 ` i do n't understand them but i remembered the symbols . ' 
 he watched her go , her gaze wandering across the signs , until she disappeared around a corner . 
 then he walked back to his sword , picked it up and walked up the steps into his home . 
 leyna strode higher and higher through the winding streets , her focus on the signs in kiseran , of which she recognised nothing , but had still managed to work out how the signs related to direction and areas of the city . 
 she came to a bulwark , where the base of a metal portcullis peeked from its thick groove , and stepped gingerly below it into the short tunnel to the other side . 
 there were steps there , heavy stone , well-worn in parts , but in others recently restored . 
 how many feet had walked these walls ? 
 she mused . 
 how many of those famous names she had read in the book of kettaryn that she could feel heavy in her satchel had themselves weighed heavy on this warlike land ? 
 emerging at the top and walking to peer through the crenels her breath was caught in her throat . 
 goddess ... prenitia , in a glory that she had never seen . 
 the mahrken sun , now far lower in the sky that at the height of tane , flushed the landscape in a bounteous glow . 
 the torc mountain range was lit up like a bridge of giant lamps in the distance , almost illuminating the path to mount sallv and the black ruins of her home . 
 have we travelled that far ? 
 she wondered , disbelief in their impossible journey . 
 but they had n't . 
 they had travelled so much further than she could ever had imagined . 
 she pulled the kettaryn out , which was wrapped in a soft headscarf she had been given by kaynan . 
 laying the book gently on it , she found her bookmark , one she had been given by the boy in the library , and returned to the page she had last read . 
 the words on the page had so much more meaning now , standing there , almost on the edge of the most powerful shard in the world . 
 they sang to her the meaning of kisera ; the reasons why these people were the way they were . 
 why verlanē was so devoted to her leader . 
 why her leader was so respected in his status . 
 carrta kisera . 
 why had he given her that book ? 
 if it was to persuade her of kiseran integrity , he had given it to the wrong person . 
 she had no say in anything in this country , amongst the masterful speakers , the warriors and magicians . 
 even village folk and children had more bearing than she did on the future . 
 her voice was silent . 
 then why ? 
 this piece of history from this ancient tribe that she could now call her own . 
 but of course , it must be for adri . 
 it must be to show him they were not the barbarians he believed , but intelligent , cultured , thoughtful people . 
 adri was cora 's lufene . 
 cora was the queen of matara . 
 what an alliance matara and kisera would make . 
 she almost inhaled the words on the page : kisera . 
 it is my heart . 
 the very foundation of my mind , my body and my soul . 
 you , every one of you , have the same foundations . 
 wherever you have come from , no matter how far - ` ah , finally ! ' 
 came a sigh from behind . 
 adri strode over , sighing as he leaned his hands on a crenel . 
 ` you manage to evade me every time . ' 
 ` you found your way here alright , ' she grinned . 
 ` oh no , i asked about seven different people . 
 it was n't funny after the first three . ' 
 she laughed softly and he studied her face . 
 ` what have you been thinking about ? ' 
 ` just home . 
 or what 's left of it . ' 
 her fingers ran over the rough stone tingling at the touch . 
 he moved closer to her , followed her gaze towards torc mountain . 
 ` yeah , it 's crossed my mind , too . 
 but we should think about it . 
 it 's what 's going to get us through the coming suns . ' 
 he leaned back against the stone . 
 ` that the book he gave you ? ' 
 she nodded , brow creasing . 
 ` what do you think of the kettar ? ' 
 ` yeah , he 's ... ' ` intense ? ' 
 adri suggested , his voice bold and brash , and perhaps a little mocking of their host . 
 leyna leaned back too . 
 ` that 's a good way of putting it , ' she said , wistfully . 
 ` you like him ? ' 
 he asked softly . 
 it was an innocent question . 
 it took her a while to figure an answer . 
 ` i think he 's just trying to protect his tribe . 
 we should n't mock him for it . ' 
 adri knew what it was to be mocked ; he did n't know if leyna had directed it at him . 
 ` you 're right , ' he nodded . 
 ` i still do n't like him though . ' 
 ` it 's a start . ' 
 her fingers were trailing the edges of the huge book . 
 the pages were filled with beautiful writing in the prenitian language , within highly decorative borders . 
 great warriors , great celebrations , great art ; what more would this tribe reveal ? 
 ` what 's this bit about ? ' 
 ` the kiseran oath , ' she said , brushing her hand over the words . 
 ` go on then . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` read it out . ' 
 he waited patiently as she prepared herself for her first public reading ever - of sorts . 
 ` kisera , ' she breathed . 
 ` it is my heart . 
 the very foundation of my mind , my body and my soul . 
 you , every one of you , have the same foundations . 
 wherever you have come from , no matter how far , how long ago , how recently , you have come here for the same reason as everyone else around you . 
 kisera is in you . 
 buried beneath skin , veins , flesh and bone , in the deepest depths of every being here , the same , sharp presence can be found . 
 the longing and the need to be a part of this . 
 ` you pledge your complete loyalty to kisera : to vow never to harm other kiserans ; to vow to help other kiserans through pain and loss ; to vow to be with this tribe for the rest of your existence and entrust the lives of your kin unto us . 
 but most of all , to protect . 
 if you do not fail kisera , kisera will never fail you . ' 
 her words had stopped for a while before adri turned to leyna , a curious look in his eye , as if her very essence had seeped from her body and created itself a cocoon around her ; protecting her body , protecting her heart . 
 ` it sounds like kisera is in you . ' 
 she closed the book slowly , wrapped it back in the headscarf . 
 the words still emanating , resounding as if they were elevated in the sky above them , forever weaving their spell to any who passed their threshold . 
 she put the book in her satchel , leaning forward , silent . 
 ` could you imagine living here , leyna ? ' 
 as the dust rolled on the dry earth , the sun burned golden in the sky and the descending , magnificent city splayed beneath their feet . 
 she met his gaze . 
 a gaze that held wanting , and eagerness . 
 and fear . 
 perhaps for what her next words would be . 
 ` no . ' 
 even though they had been in the mento the moon prior , it felt , now , as if those moments never happened . 
 the great circular yard was now heaving with warriors , not for celebration , but for debate . 
 leyna recalled the last time she had been in a political setting and the ruin it had eventually led to . 
 would this be any different ? 
 adri stood alone , five or so spans ahead of her , as the invitee for this collaboration . 
 his fingers twiddled nervously and he glanced back once or twice , breathing deeply and readying for the confrontation . 
 a man from the larisien section stood . 
 he looked important and he walked forward a few paces , stopping and clasping his hands together . 
 ` i am koman , ' he said to adri , inclining his head slightly in greeting . 
 ` tera head of laris alongside paichen . ' 
 he motioned to the other leader of laris , still seated behind him . 
 as far as leyna understood it they ruled jointly but had to come to complete agreement in political matters to pass them as law . 
 ` warrior kile , as an independent city we are not answerable to the whims of outside royalists - ' ` whims ? ' 
 adri blurted . 
 it was not a good start . 
 ` our village was destroyed . ' 
 koman attempted to continue . 
 ` however - ' ` and we are not royalists , ' adri declared , feeling he owed it to himself to make it clear . 
 ` we did n't know she was the queen . ' 
 ` the company you keep is of no interest to us . 
 however , i do not agree with the usurper 's action against the defenceless villages and settlements of prenitia . 
 i personally have no problem with lending some warriors to aid in the defence . ' 
 ` some are n't going to be enough , ' adri sneered . 
 mumbled discussions began amongst the three tribes . 
 leyna saw tavolo whisper to carrta but could n't hear what he 'd said . 
 ` the mataran army is huge . 
 we need a bigger , stronger force to take the city . ' 
 adri focus turned to the xinthi lord as he stood , koman remaining stood but silent . 
 ` warrior kile , i am xyteera , lord of xinthi . ' 
 there was a sour look in his eyes . 
 ` why is it you think lisser should help ? 
 matara has never given us anything or any reason to support it in any troubles . ' 
 ` and this is exactly the reason prenitia is losing its civilisation , ' adri snapped back . 
 xyteera raised a brow in interest . 
 ` you 're blaming us for all prenitia 's troubles ? ' 
 tavolo shot up quickly . 
 the last thing kisera needed was being blamed for a raving lunatic entering their mento . 
 ` of course he 's not - ' ` yes i am , ' adri cut in . 
 tavolo took a moment , then sat back beside carrta , seething . 
 ` you and every other oversized , selfish city with your own magician sheltering you from the dangers that living in an unprotected environment bring . 
 you call yourselves warriors ! ' 
 verlanē and tavolo glanced at carrta . 
 his stern gaze froze on adri , his thoughts detained from his mouth . 
 xyteera was bored . 
 ` is there a point to this warrior kile ? ' 
 ` yes . 
 when the empire of ffremettr becomes all powerful and invades southern prenitia , who are you going to turn to ? ' 
 paichen sighed and stood , stepping next to koman , a patronising expression directed at the young stranger . 
 ` that is very noble , warrior kile . 
 your obvious concern for your fellow prenitians is duly noted . 
 unfortunately , an invasion from ffremettr is an unconvincing drive for invasion of matara . 
 as tera head of laris i take the duty of declining the dispersal of more than fifty warriors to the mataran campaign . ' 
 paichen looked to koman who agreed silently . 
 ` that is an insulting offer . ' 
 ` insulting it may be to you , but unrevoked . ' 
 the tera heads sat down . 
 ` we have no offer to give . 
 we advance no interest in this campaign , ' xyteera declared , also sitting . 
 conversations started loudly from all areas of the council . 
 adri was completely defeated . 
 leyna could barely think in the din , her eyes darting around the flurry of heated debates adri had conjured up . 
 she saw verlanē leaning close to carrta , her voice raised so he could hear her . 
 ` keyē plēge ? ' 
 verlanē asked carrta in their native tongue . 
 leyna did n't understand , but she noted sharpness - perhaps even desperation - in her eyes . 
 adri stared at benee who was about to speak until : ` they killed my mother , ' leyna screamed over the commotion . 
 ` for no good reason except to do it . ' 
 she slowly became aware that everyone in the mento was looking at her . 
 she was shaking , her hands wringing . 
 ` i have nothing left . 
 so far it 's been other people giving me chance after chance of making a life for myself . 
 they 're probably all dead now and it seemed no-one in the entire country tried to help . 
 even the people in rayan who were slaughtered did n't want to protect themselves . 
 no one cared . 
 except one person . 
 him . 
 adri . 
 he saved my life , he brought me with him , protected me - he nearly died because of it . 
 and he 's right about all of you . 
 he 's made me realise some people are selfless . 
 unconditionally . 
 and you people have made me realise maybe he 's the only one left . ' 
 she moved forward and stood next to her friend , gripping his hand in hers . 
 ` it 's not he who does n't deserve your help ; it 's you who do n't deserve his . ' 
 leyna looked up at adri . 
 ` i want to leave . ' 
 he nodded in agreement . 
 then carrta stood up . 
 ` how many do you need ? ' 
 his voice resonated around the stunned audience . 
 leyna turned in disbelief to the kettar . 
 but he was n't looking at her , he was looking at adri . 
 leyna was right ; this man should not be mocked . 
 twenty-five matara the party of three from rayan sat in silence in keno 's back room as they nibbled at the array of food that he had brought to them just after sunrise . 
 keno had lied to the palace cook , telling him that he and dommaris were meeting with a few of the traders to discuss a backlog and he needed a good breakfast for them . 
 he trusted the workers at the palace , but cora 's reappearance could not yet be shared . 
 still , the cook had come up spectacularly , with hap grain mash sweetened with dried fruits and sweet kama bread . 
 keno had disappeared again to fetch some jorl yares , the favoured tea in matara , but of which the supplies had dwindled somewhat , and he had been a while . 
 ` so your friend keno has been fighting premo 's madness for these past eight tanes , cora ? 
 on his own ? ' 
 friend , he says ? 
 i 'm no friend to him . 
 cora poked her spoon around the mash , thinking back to what she had been doing over the last eight tanes . 
 running away , creating a new life , falling in love ... ` he 's been doing everything i should have been . ' 
 imarko bit into the kama bread . 
 he had never tasted the like anywhere else he 'd been in the country . 
 ` what do you think he 'll do with us ? 
 i mean , is there anything we can provide for him , really ? 
 how do we fight a necromancer without another magician ? ' 
 ` i do n't know , imarko . 
 i do n't know what i expected to do once we got here . ' 
 she put the bowl on the table with a sigh . 
 ` maybe i 've just complicated things for him now . ' 
 her thoughts were stunted as the door opened and keno walked in with a tray with hot tea and small cups . 
 as he moved into the room without a word cora 's mouth dropped as dommaris entered behind him . 
 ` dommaris ... ' she breathed with relief , flinging her arms around his shoulders . 
 he chuckled as she squeezed him tightly . 
 ` some of us have n't grown stronger , my dear . ' 
 ` i 'm sorry , i 'm sorry , ' she said moving back , feeling the load on her shoulders relieved somewhat as he smiled back at her . 
 ` i 'm so glad to see you . ' 
 keno poured tea for imarko and murray and then one for himself , watching carefully the reunion of old friends . 
 ` look at you , corana . ' 
 he moved back slightly , admiring her maturity . 
 ` you were barely more than a child when i last saw you . ' 
 ` to some that has n't changed , ' she said regretfully . 
 ` nonsense . 
 what have you been doing in rayan ? ' 
 the room 's atmosphere staled slightly . 
 everyone in there knew what she had been doing . 
 hiding . 
 ` working as a quarter head . 
 imarko is my superior . ' 
 ` was , ' imarko corrected with a smile . 
 dommaris moved to the central head and shook his hand . 
 ` as neither my apprentice nor my queen will introduce us it falls to us to be the civilised ones . 
 i am dommaris , minister of matara , mentor to keno , very old man . ' 
 imarko laughed shortly . 
 ` imarko lar fusa . 
 former warrior head of rayan . 
 former central head of rayan . 
 verging on old man . ' 
 ` you were rayan 's best warrior then ? ' 
 dommaris asked with interest . 
 ` top , technically , but best , no . 
 there were others there who excelled in the fight more greatly than i. ' ` you were promoted for you diplomacy , then , and leadership , democracy , ' dommaris decided . 
 ` it is not a shameful thing , not being the most deadly with a blade . ' 
 then the minister moved to murray . 
 ` and you , young man ? ' 
 ` murray kile . 
 i was assistant to the carpenter of rayan . 
 not as glamorous i 'm afraid , minister . ' 
 ` ah , but artistry is a wonderful thing , ' dommaris mused . 
 ` the carpenters and builders of matara were amongst some of the greatest in the country . 
 seeing matara before all this happened would have brought tears to your eyes . 
 well , at least it did this decrepit . ' 
 murray smiled . 
 he liked him already . 
 ` dommaris , ' keno said quietly . 
 ` shall we ? ' 
 dommaris threw his hands up remembering his purpose of visiting . 
 ` yes , of course . 
 the necromancer is out of the palace . 
 we have but a little time to visit her . ' 
 ` yesmi ? ' 
 cora guessed . 
 ` prepare yourself , corana , she is not in a favourable state . ' 
 dommaris led them from the room . 
 as they wandered the corridor back to the great staircase the horrors of what lorosa had inflicted on the palace made cora 's heart sink . 
 this had n't just been her home , it had been her mother 's , her father 's , her grandparents ' , and had belonged to her family for as long as it had been in existence . 
 but unlike keno , cora retained very different memories of the palace . 
 as they descended the stairs she recalled premo and helan standing there in an embrace and felt her stomach churn at the memory . 
 so soon after her father had died . 
 too soon for her to understand . 
 or have wanted to . 
 the pace quickened and as they turned to the lower internal corridor cora caught a glimpse of the approach . 
 the gates beyond were wide open . 
 the city was vulnerable . 
 her city , she sneered to herself , feeling her teeth grind . 
 ` he put her down here ? ' 
 cora asked as they walked down the steps to the lower floors . 
 she was suddenly overcome with a vicious nausea , and for a moment had to pause on the stairs , breathing steadily to suppress it . 
 ` how long ago ? ' 
 keno did n't meet her questioning gaze as he replied . 
 ` over two tanes ago . 
 after i began to disrupt his plans . 
 as punishment to me . ' 
 dommaris led them into the imprisonment room and as they all entered cora was half expecting yesmi to be standing tall , waiting for them . ' 
 but she was n't . 
 she was still curled on the floor , frozen in her muteness and unaware of the returning monarch 's presence . 
 cora 's hands flew sharply to her mouth , suppressing a gasp and she pushed herself past the group to the faint , glowing prison . 
 ` yesmi , ' she whispered , dropping to her knees . 
 ` what has he done to you ? ' 
 ` this is recent , ' keno explained ; the painful memories of that night still embedded in his mind . 
 ` one of my plans to break his grip on her did n't work . 
 i got this , ' he said , revealing his bandaged arm , ` and she got that . ' 
 ` we do n't know if it 's hurting her , ' dommaris said gently . 
 ` but we do know that he has both blinded and deafened her . ' 
 ` she 's retreated into her mind , ' cora explained , standing , her eyes still on her childhood friend . 
 ` anything so overwhelmingly painful on the body can be counteracted if the afflicted has a place to retreat to . ' 
 she saw the inquisitive eyes of the others focused on her as she turned back to them . 
 ` it 's basic training for all magicians . 
 wherever she is , she 's safe . ' 
 ` so we need a way for you to contact her ? 
 to link with her mind ? ' 
 keno suggested . 
 murray and imarko passed a glance . 
 she could mind-read too ? 
 ` if there was any way for me to connect then the only person who would know is yesmi . 
 i ca n't break through that barrier , it 'd kill me . 
 i was never meant to be strong enough to . ' 
 ` then , keno , ' dommaris began , ` that is our new objective . 
 we must find a way for cora to connect with yesmi through this barrier . ' 
 ` he 's destroyed the books , dommaris . 
 we have nothing to look in . ' 
 cora stepped closer to the ministers , a sly look on her face . 
 ` did he destroy the books in my old room ? ' 
 ` no , ' keno said , unable to keep that twinge of excitement from his face . 
 ` no , he did n't . ' 
 twenty-six lisser the new sun spread across the eastern horizon in a soft wave , but even it had n't been up as long as the kisera and laris armies . 
 xyteera had still flatly refused to take part in the venture , but koman and paichen were almost obliged to retract the menial offer and raise a substantial enough force . 
 carrta had n't discussed it with them ; they merely appreciated his connection to their tribe and his status in his own . 
 then again , laris having a part in rescuing a great and ancient city like matara would have its benefits in the future . 
 a mass of kiseran warriors finished loading the wagons with supplies as carrta emerged from the kiseran gates . 
 he marched past a tirade of salutes to the head of the army , where verlanē was waiting with his horse . 
 she saluted whilst she smoothed the animal 's coat . 
 ` kyē kettar . ' 
 he nodded to her as he checked his saddle , but refrained from conversation . 
 ` carrta , ' she said quietly . 
 he heard her but he did n't meet her gaze . 
 ` it 's the right thing to do . ' 
 carrta looked down at her without the same surety . 
 ` i do n't know about the right thing , verlanē . 
 but it 's the only thing . ' 
 as she saluted him again , adri joined them , his new kiseran sword strapped to his back . 
 ` kettar . ' 
 ` i presume you 're here to thank me , ' carrta pre-empted . 
 ` well ... ' ` do n't , ' he said bluntly , readying his horse . 
 ` if you feel the need to repay us , then take care of that young woman . ' 
 adri glanced briefly to where he had left leyna standing expectantly . 
 ` i will . ' 
 carrta kicked his horse . 
 ` you can pass that onto your brother , ' he told him as he moved off , not looking back . 
 verlanē moved to her horse and mounted quickly . 
 but her usual smirking expression was this time plain . 
 ` to matara , warrior kile . ' 
 carrta called for the army to move and adri rushed back to leyna . 
 ` leyna , come on . 
 you 'll ride with me . ' 
 after they mounted the lisser army moved as one to the east . 
 to matara . 
 twenty-seven matara back and forth she went , pulling book after book from the shelves that lined what used to be her room . 
 cora checked every spine , every title page as she moved , the intricacies of her youthful interests now lying in piles on the bed . 
 keno cleared the adjacent shelf with nothing of use discovered . 
 ` are there more ? ' 
 he asked , looking sharply around the huge chamber . 
 ` in the dresser , ' cora said , signalling across the room . 
 the decoration had been left exactly as it had been when she left . 
 the heavy prenitian sorla trees , the most beautiful wood in the country , had been drawn from the earth to create the dresser , the bed , the window frames and chairs , not to mention a hundred more items and trinkets for this palace , including the books they now piled high . 
 tapestries still hung heavy from the walls that he remembered fondly from their youth . 
 the one directly opposite the bed held a particular draw . 
 entranced keno wandered over to it , his mind faithfully entertaining a memory of three children pushing and pulling thread through the back of a tapestry , deep in conversation about adventuring across the waters one sun , leaving the mataran shore and finding something new for each one of them . 
 in the light of these times , it was true folly . 
 but as he turned over the corner of the tapestry and read the three names sewn impressively into the rear of the work his heart leapt with hope . 
 he had n't thought anything folly at the moment that thread was interred . 
 he was never a pessimist . 
 how did he ever come to this ? 
 ` it was yesmi that wanted us to do that , do you remember ? ' 
 his fingers let the fabric go . 
 he dare n't look at her , too much emotion flowed in him ; he was not ready to forgive . 
 he nodded lightly brushing one hand over the dulled colours , then drew it away . 
 ` she said to me , with this you must draw on your past . 
 i suppose sometimes trying to draw water from the ground produces only dust . ' 
 ` it was ` behind you ' , ' he said . 
 ` you must draw on what is behind you . ' 
 keno knelt , pulling open the drawers of the dresser . 
 ` she corrected me on it once , ' he said wistfully , immediately taking a pile of small books from the dresser cupboard . 
 cora was n't so passive . 
 something drew her to those words , behind you ... she turned . 
 the bed was there . 
 the books strewn across it . 
 the wall beyond . 
 beyond the wall . 
 ` keno , help me with it . ' 
 cora stormed to the bed , grasping the post - she began to pull . 
 keno was there in moments , pulling the other post , the uncomfortable scrape on the thick carpet grated through them , its thick pile making the job harder . 
 with a heavy-breathed yell , the bed moved just far enough from the wall for cora to squeeze behind it . 
 the wall was just as flat as elsewhere , no doors , no nooks . 
 but as her hand passed over the plaster , as her fist balled and her knuckles rapped with a hollow thud , it became apparent there was no true wall . 
 cora pulled herself upright and forced a foot through it . 
 as she drew her hand from the hole into which she 'd reached , a mass of dust followed . 
 and a book held in her hand . 
 cora sat on the edge of the bed , running her fingers over the dusty , but supremely bound cover . 
 an emblem unlike anything she 'd ever seen shone brighter as she brushed the dust away . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 keno almost whispered . 
 ` yes , what is it ? ' 
 the deep voice drilled from the door . 
 keno shot up , cora shot up - lorosa merely waited , watching the minister closely . 
 ` been busy , have we ? ' 
 they 'd been so careful , they 'd taken so many precautions ; how could he be standing here , now , of all times ! 
 ` so ... ? ' 
 keno looked at cora , gripping the old book , then down to the hole in the wall . 
 lorosa 's voice rose to a condescending note . 
 ` what was in it ? ' 
 keno 's words did not form . 
 lorosa flicked his heavy coat from his feet and wandered around towards cora . 
 he passed her , ignorantly , and lit a green ball of light within his palm . 
 its glow was bright , and it shone into the hole ... upon nothing . 
 lorosa sniffed , suddenly disinterested . 
 he stood back up , passing cora again without knowledge , and eyed the books on the bed . 
 none of them fitted the situation . 
 with a click of his fingers the books burned bright green for merely moments . 
 when the flames died those glorious pages were merely ashes . 
 ` you are amusing , keno . 
 this is why you are not dead . 
 little hidey-holes of nothing is all you have left , and it is pleasant to me . ' 
 keno felt a gripping force within his chest as he flew back , hard into the wall . 
 he landed with a crunch , gasping for breath , clutching his chest . 
 cora was too afraid to move in case it broke whatever cloaking was protecting her . 
 ` keep your rebellion to yourself . ' 
 as the door thudded closed , the warrior rushed to the other side , helping keno sit upright against the wall . 
 ` do n't panic , it 'll make it worse , just breathe easy . ' 
 she looked to the door . 
 ` what just happened ? ' 
 twenty-eight doors it had been annoying him for about a round . 
 odd brushing somewhere on the air . 
 aznee looked at telena ; deep in the book she was . 
 he was trying to concentrate on a delivery from the bookbinder and decide where exactly it was meant to go . 
 but his attention was swayed . 
 he marched around the shelves , creased brow , trying to sniff it out . 
 most of the patrons were gone . 
 only a few remained , looking up , disturbed by his presence . 
 he shot them an apologetic glance , but continued checking the booths , behind the shelves , under the tables . 
 where was it coming from ? 
 striding to the very far corner , he pulled the window open and leaned out . 
 listened . 
 strained his ears . 
 nothing . 
 it was gone . 
 with a sigh , he rolled his eyes and started to pull himself back in . 
 stopped dead . 
 looking down , below the window in the flowerbed a huge , black stain had appeared and the flowers around it were dead . 
 it looked burned , or poisoned . 
 it was n't clear . 
 then he leaned back out , turning his head skyward . 
 to the roof . 
 where he 'd poured out that water . 
 there was no way ... how was it possible ? 
 it was just water ! 
 or was it ? 
 he 'd read about natural substances , waters that look like water , smell like water , and even taste like water but could kill in an instant . 
 that must have been one of them . 
 why would that woman want telena dead ? 
 ` it was n't for you , boy , ' came the voice so sharp behind him that he hit his head on the window frame . 
 aznee pulled himself in , eyes darting about ; no-one else was there now . 
 just him , and the old woman before him . 
 ` did n't i make that clear enough ? ' 
 she croaked . 
 ` you 're wanting to kill my sister ? ' 
 aznee said , hushing his voice . 
 telena was only footsteps away . 
 ` do n't be ridiculous . ' 
 ` then what was that ? ' 
 he sneered . 
 ` it killed them with a touch . ' 
 she sniffed . 
 ` then you should n't have poured it in the flowerbed . ' 
 ` who are you ? ' 
 ` someone who now has few resources to make more of it . 
 i hope you appreciate the effort in time . ' 
 she hobbled towards the main room . 
 ` if you do n't want her dead , ' aznee whispered , ` then what do you want her for ? ' 
 the woman stopped , turning with a smirk on her face . 
 ` you are different . 
 both of you . 
 you are so very ... different . ' 
 ` different how ? ' 
 but she 'd gone . 
 aznee followed her round the corner . 
 when he arrived in the main room , it was only telena who sat there . 
 ` did you ... ? ' 
 he asked , pushing a confused hand to his head . 
 telena eyed him in annoyance . 
 ` what ? ' 
 aznee shook his head . 
 he was going mad , of course . 
 there was no other explanation . 
 twenty-nine matara cora laid the book down . 
 she did n't recognise the emblem on the front , but she felt somehow connected to it . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 keno asked dommaris . 
 ` it is something very , very old , ' his mentor replied . 
 ` may i ? ' 
 cora nodded , and dommaris turned the page . 
 a symbol greeted them . 
 ` anyone recognise it ? ' 
 she asked . 
 dommaris and imarko shook their heads . 
 ` murray ? ' 
 ` i 'm flattered , but i 've never seen anything like it . ' 
 dommaris turned the next page . 
 the words made little sense . 
 ` it must be old prenitian . 
 even i do n't go that far back . ' 
 ` who would know ? ' 
 cora said . 
 dommaris leafed through the book . 
 whatever it said was beautifully written . 
 ` do you have an address for the gods ? 
 i fear no-one in this land could tell you . ' 
 ` there 's something else , ' keno said , almost a whisper . 
 ` lorosa found us . 
 or should i say , he found me . 
 for some reason corana was invisible to him . 
 he did n't even sense her . ' 
 dommaris focused on her , intrigued . 
 ` you were holding the book at the time ? ' 
 she nodded . 
 ` well then . 
 it 's a little more than a story we are looking for in these pages then . ' 
 ` how did yesmi come to have this ? ' 
 cora asked . 
 ` she must have had it a long time . 
 she hid it back when we were children , i think . 
 she never told you about this , keno ? ' 
 he shook his head , brow furrowed , trying to recall . 
 ` i think she kept it from me purposefully . 
 i think he 's been in my head . ' 
 all four 's eyes widened at the confession . 
 ` i 've had odd dreams , of yesmi ... just odd . 
 but now , in light of what 's happened to her , i think maybe he 's tried it on me before . ' 
 ` what 's he looking for ? ' 
 cora said , disgusted at the thought of that leech in her mind . 
 ` i do n't know . 
 she kept talking about the trial of the goddess . 
 or at least i did . 
 i was pushing her , ' keno said , regretfully . 
 ` this is n't right . 
 it feels ... bigger . 
 bigger than we can imagine . 
 i 'm going to find him , ' cora said , pulling on one of the cloaks keno had brought for each of them . 
 ` it 's too dangerous , ' keno protested , a little concern rising . 
 ` he 's right , cora . 
 you need to understand your enemy before confronting him , ' imarko reasoned . 
 still , cora headed out . 
 ` i will , imarko . 
 he 's getting his power from somewhere . 
 i want to know where . ' 
 murray pulled on another cloak . 
 ` i 'm coming with you . ' 
 ` murray - ' ` this is my future , too . ' 
 at length she nodded . 
 ` he goes into the city at night , ' keno added . 
 ` i 've seen him . 
 through the citizens ' entrance . ' 
 cora passed a grateful look and snuck out with murray . 
 she remembered well the tunnels and passages to take to keep hidden while they needed to . 
 there were mournful cries echoing in the streets of matara after sundown . 
 cora and murray , hoods pulled up , walked warily through the dank , rotting streets , and both of them were aware that they represented yet another loss for the city . 
 they forced themselves to remain ignorant to the sounds , the memories all too recent and familiar , whilst cora guided them through the decaying streets . 
 they could n't help anyone until they had a plan formed , an idea of how to move forward . 
 she had surprised herself with her memory of the layout , and it felt all too easy for them to sneak around without looking out of place . 
 ` would i have even thought about returning if rayan had n't been attacked ? ' 
 she asked him , even though it felt to him she was really asking herself . 
 ` you could n't have lied to adri forever , ' he said , not un-kindly . 
 could n't i ? 
 if premo had been a good king , a trustworthy king , then she would never have needed to feel the guilt and desertion she had over time . 
 ` i intended to come back , ' she said out loud , not meaning to . 
 murray regarded her thoughtfully . 
 ` i sure you did . ' 
 but in her overwhelming need to justify everything she could n't stop herself talking . 
 ` i mean from the moment i left . 
 i was two tanes from coming of age and i truly intended to return . 
 but then ... ' i met your brother , she wanted to say . 
 but she was stalled by someone exiting the house at the end of the street they had turned into . 
 in that instant cora knew exactly who it was , and she pushed murray down a side street . 
 ` that 's him . 
 that 's the necromancer , ' she whispered . 
 ` whatever was stopping him seeing me before i 'd rather not risk its cloak here . ' 
 they waited patiently until the footsteps had disappeared , then emerged from their hiding place . 
 cora watched the street to be sure he was n't returning and then a familiarity struck her expression . 
 ` that was yuna 's home . ' 
 ` who ? ' 
 ` keno 's mother . ' 
 the pair moved with haste to the door lorosa had emerged from and cora struck the wood with her fist gently . 
 murray kept an attentive gaze around them , not wanting to have to meet this necromancer ahead of time . 
 or , in truth , at all . 
 ` who is it ? 
 who 's there ? ' 
 the voice behind the door called . 
 ` yuna . 
 it 's me . 
 i do n't know if you recognise my voice - ' but the door was opened and yuna just stood staring at the princess she had not seen in eight tanes . 
 ` may we come in ? ' 
 cora requested a little sheepishly . 
 there was not a friendly gaze on the woman 's face for either of them , but she allowed them to pass by her into the house regardless . 
 cora and murray entered the main room , the stale odour of ffremettr grass immediately hitting their nostrils . 
 with concern , cora turned to the hostess and pulled back her hood . 
 she did n't feel comfortable enough to start the conversation so she stayed quiet , allowing yuna the opportunity instead . 
 yuna took it with pleasure , slapping cora across the face . 
 it needed no justification . 
 still without a word yuna opened a cupboard and began to dig around within it . 
 she drew out a small box and immediately shoved it into cora 's hands . 
 ` yesmi 's mother left it with me before she ... she told me only yesmi or you could find use for it . ' 
 cora opened the small box and pulling away a soft piece of material she uncovered a pendant . 
 it was almost identical to the one yesmi still wore around her neck and the one cora had lost . 
 ` now take it away . 
 we do n't want you here , ' yuna said turning her back to them . 
 cora had no intention of further upsetting someone who had once been so close to her , so she turned to leave . 
 but something flashed in her memory . 
 ` we ? 
 taelin 's still alive ? ' 
 ` if you can call it that , ' yuna said , still ignoring their presence , but sniffing away tears . 
 ` may i see him ? ' 
 cora asked , something of a revelation flashing in her eyes . 
 ` probably for the last time , ' yuna said sharply . 
 ` he 's through there . ' 
 as cora walked towards the room at the end she was overcome by the memories of her childhood times spent in this house . 
 taelin would read books to her when keno and yesmi were at their lessons and she had nothing to do . 
 he would show her how to draw simple designs to decorate her diaries and show her tricks with pieces of string . 
 she had always felt more connected with the simple pleasures in matara than the excesses royalty would bring . 
 but her hopes of finding taelin in a contented state were dashed as she stepped through the doorway into the barely lit room . 
 he was merely a shadow of the man she remembered and his sallow skin and skeletal form told her even if he had been awake , he would probably have no idea who she was . 
 cora sat in the well-worn chair next to his bed , a candle flickering at the end of its life on the cabinet . 
 she could n't bring herself to speak , not wanting to disturb the silence . 
 so she took his hand cautiously , feeling the bones in his fingers more greatly than she should have , and just sat with him . 
 but as she looked down at the fragile fingers her brow knitted . 
 there was something odd about his fingertips , something wrong . 
 she grabbed the candle and held it close enough to examine them . 
 there were faint little blisters there , just on the tips , something certainly not noticeable in poor light and by mournful carers . 
 if yesmi had been here she would have seen , she would have known . 
 then it hit her . 
 her protection of an attack on matara or to spite keno were n't the only reasons lorosa had locked yesmi away in that invisible tomb - it was because she would have worked out immediately what he was doing . 
 cora stood quickly , kissing taelin on the forehead , and sped from the room . 
 ` yuna , how long has he been like this ? ' 
 cora asked her as she pulled her hood back over her head . 
 ` nearly two tanes , ' she replied , panic rising . 
 ` yesmi was nursing him . ' 
 ` when yesmi stopped coming , lorosa replaced her , did n't he ? ' 
 yuna nodded shamefully . 
 ` how often does he come here ? ' 
 yuna 's eyes widened with horror in her realisation . 
 ` does keno know ? ' 
 cora said more softly . 
 yuna shook her head , spinning to meet their gazes , her pleading expression desperate for cora to believe her . 
 ` they were all dying , yesmi was n't here ... we had no choice . ' 
 ` and he 's visited others ? ' 
 ` there are many ill people in matara now . 
 it 's the way things are . ' 
 cora took yuna 's shoulders in her hands , forcing her to look , to realise she needed a straight answer . 
 ` yuna , how long has he been coming to your home ? ' 
 the woman burst into tears . 
 ` since after yesmi ... ' she cried , struggling to keep breathing . 
 ` nearly two tanes . ' 
 cora pulled her close . 
 this poor woman had been duped into thinking a necromancer , of all magicians , had gone there to help her husband in his illness . 
 she had no idea how she would explain that it was he who was keeping taelin in that state . 
 cora withdrew from the embrace . 
 ` no-one has recovered even with his visits , have they ? ' 
 yuna managed to shake her head in her distress and cora assisted her to her chair . 
 ` it 's him , ' she whispered to murray . 
 ` it 's how he 's keeping her imprisoned . 
 he 's using them . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 yuna asked , not quite hearing her . 
 ` i have to see keno . 
 as soon as we know more i 'll send him to you , alright ? ' 
 cora kissed yuna 's cheek and pulled murray to the street , setting off in a run back to the palace . 
 imarko had been telling the story of rayan 's destruction to keno and dommaris when murray and cora steamed back in , breathless . 
 ` keno ? 
 i know what 's happening to your father , ' cora exclaimed as they ground sharply to a halt . 
 ` you 've seen my father ? ' 
 keno replied in anger . 
 ` who said you could - ' ` keno , ' dommaris cut in quickly . 
 ` lorosa is using him and others , perhaps hundreds , to keep up his power , ' cora explained . 
 ` he 's drawing it directly from alacaethe through them . 
 keeping them on the verge of death so his connection stays open permanently , but not killing them so his source is n't depleted . ' 
 ` it 's the only way he 's been able to trap yesmi for so long , ' keno said . 
 ` we should have been looking for this all along . 
 she told me he was too powerful , i should have listened - ' ` no one could have known , it 's not your fault . 
 but i need to see her , again . ' 
 she drew the box yuna had given her from within her cloak . 
 ` i have something for her . ' 
 cora knelt silently before the invisible prison and fixed the necklace of yesmi 's mother around her neck . 
 ` is that your pendant ? ' 
 keno wondered . 
 ` how will that help ? ' 
 ` it 's not mine . 
 it contains her mother 's magical essence . 
 in the hands of yesmi it would be invaluable . 
 in mine , maybe it 'll help me at least talk to her . ' 
 cora inhaled slowly and closed her eyes . 
 ` corana - ' keno started . 
 she looked at him . 
 tell her ... it said in his eyes . 
 cora nodded . 
 then closing her eyes again she drew within her the essence the pendant held . 
 she felt it wash over her , stronger than any magic she had ever experienced . 
 for a moment she wondered if she had any control , but then , the mist that filled her mind began to clear , and she found herself in a small , simple village . 
 the rain poured from the dark clouds above and there was no one else there . 
 except for the person kneeling before the large temple straight ahead . 
 a temple surrounded by black iron bars , giant thorny bushes and daggers . 
 cora began to move forward cautiously . 
 invading the mind of an imprisoned witch was not clever in itself , but it coming across as an attack would fare worse . 
 as she neared the figure , she saw it was indeed yesmi , but the witch was knelt in prayer and her eyes were tightly shut . 
 ` yesmi ? ' 
 cora whispered . 
 yesmi 's eyes flicked open . 
 without warning yesmi stood and spun to face her , throwing some kind of mysticism her way . 
 ` it 's me ! ' 
 the warrior yelled . 
 ` corana . ' 
 yesmi flicked her hand and a sword appeared within it . 
 she launched forward in attack and cora drew her own weapon , blocking the strike with a dull ring . 
 ` i know who you really are . 
 you 're trying to trick me ! ' 
 yesmi screamed , slicing the air before cora and circling her opponent . 
 ` i 'm not . 
 i promise you , ' cora said , stance ready in defence . 
 ` prove it ! ' 
 the witch demanded , throwing another heavy blow at cora . 
 ` how ? ' 
 yesmi retreated slightly , still holding her guard . 
 ` drop your sword . ' 
 without hesitation cora threw her sword to the side . 
 ` it 's me , yesmi , ' she said , begging her to believe . 
 but the witch was unconvinced . 
 she raised her sword and began to stalk forwards , with a nasty expression on her face . 
 ` i 'm in the palace , ' cora explained . 
 ` keno is nearby . 
 we need your help . 
 we believe his father and others are being used by lorosa to imprison you . ' 
 yesmi stopped . 
 she eyed her opponent . 
 her expression darkened . 
 ` i do n't believe you . ' 
 with cora ready for the blow , yesmi swung her sword down , ready to take her old friend out - but it did n't happen . 
 as the sword was about to hit , as cora felt the blade searing the air , a spirit woman appeared beyond the warrior and parried the blow away . 
 cora stood , eyes tight shut and breath heavy , waiting to be forced from yesmi 's mind . 
 but it never happened . 
 she opened her eyes slowly and saw the face of the imprisoned magician gazing back at her . 
 ` corana ? ' 
 without another word yesmi dropped her weapon and the two women embraced tightly . 
 ` i 'm so sorry , yesmi , i 'm so sorry . 
 i never meant for this , everything went too far . ' 
 ` it does n't matter , nothing matters , ' yesmi reassured her . 
 ` with you back we can end this . ' 
 ` but how ? 
 we have no army , no magician , lorosa is so powerful ... i do n't know what to do . ' 
 ` tell me what you know . ' 
 ` taelin 's illness is a mystical sickness induced by lorosa . 
 he 's kept him and countless others on the verge of death to take power from the soul 's rest . 
 he 's been doing it for so long his power store could be almost infinite . ' 
 ` no , ' yesmi corrected . 
 ` it 's all going on me . 
 he can not store it , only channel it , which is why he has to keep draining them . 
 once they start to free themselves of the grip , to recover , he has to reopen the channels to the soul 's rest . 
 if he ca n't then his power depletes and this barrier will fail . 
 it 's a constant flow , but it 's not really his . 
 all it would take was a cut , a wound , and to heal himself he 'd have no choice but to drop his barrier . ' 
 cora nodded , understanding , processing as much as she could . 
 ` keno got it right . 
 he just needed more of a distraction . ' 
 ` how is keno ? ' 
 ` he asked me to tell you ... but he did n't say what , ' she smiled , knowingly . 
 ` then you can tell him ... ' yesmi smirked back . 
 ` and let him know i 'm still ready , as he asked . ' 
 cora nodded , but yesmi 's expression dropped suddenly . 
 the witch reached out , placing her hands around cora 's head . 
 a few moments passed and she drew back . 
 but cora knew the look . 
 she had little control over her over mind when she was within someone else 's , especially a magician 's . 
 yesmi knew now . 
 all these tanes she had blocked her friend from her mind because she did n't want her to know how premo had raped her . 
 she 'd rather be seen as a deserter and a traitor than a failure and weak . 
 yesmi wrapped cora tightly in her arms . 
 she heard the voice in her head . 
 you are not weak , my friend . 
 and you will show him who has control now . 
 the witch drew back as the fog began to close in around cora again . 
 ` i 'll see you again soon , ' cora called . 
 when she opened her eyes yesmi was still lying on the floor within the barrier . 
 cora removed the necklace and placed in on the floor . 
 ` that was quick , ' dommaris said , impressed . 
 cora looked at him a little oddly . 
 ` quick ? ' 
 ` you barely shut your eyes and now you 're back with us . ' 
 ` it is the mouth that speaks slowly , not the mind , ' she found herself saying , not sure if they were her own words or someone else 's . 
 then all three of them locked their gazes on her , brows dropping . 
 keno blinked hard , feeling an overwhelming urge to embrace her . 
 he moved closer , eyes moist as he processed the information that was suddenly flowing through his head . 
 how was it happening ? 
 how were cora 's memories of so long ago passing to them ? 
 horrible , unbelievable memories . 
 things they could not imagine . 
 murray dropped his head sorrowful . 
 he 'd acted brashly . 
 he 'd judged her unfairly . 
 he looked to imarko , and the warrior head 's gaze confirmed he had been right ; imarko knew about this . 
 he knew everything . 
 keno looked hard into her eyes , scolding himself for his harsh words , his cruel shunning . 
 ` i would have killed him for you , ' he said to her . 
 ` i would have killed him . ' 
 he choked on his guilt . 
 he 'd blamed her for so long . 
 he did n't hold her - he did n't deserve to . 
 instead cora pulled him close , as he wept for her , and for what he 'd thought of her , forgetting for a moment the reason they were here . 
 cora drew back , gripping keno 's shoulders . 
 ` i saw her . 
 she 's still ready , she told me to let you know . 
 and you were right , about wounding him . 
 it 's the only way to break this . ' 
 she glanced , seething , at the faint green orb . 
 ` but we need a bigger distraction . 
 we need to throw his guard off so completely that he does n't even see it coming . ' 
 they all nodded , unsure of exactly how this was to be achieved with the resources at hand . 
 but keno , as ever , had quickly realised their solution . 
 he wiped the tears from his eyes , and rubbed the tight muscles in his face with a sigh . 
 ` we already have our distraction standing right in front of us . ' 
 he was looking at cora . 
 ` and all we need is to let the people know . ' 
 it started with a note . 
 passed from dommaris to daytha . 
 daytha lived in an area reserved for palace staff , so it was easy for her to pass the note to the other workers . 
 they copied it several times and sent those copies with their children when they went to play with their friends in other parts of the city . 
 by the time the whole city had heard , the notes had been converted to whispers , shortened in passing , quickened in speed . 
 if the population had n't been so depleted the news may have spread quicker , but it had taken barely three suns for the news to reach everyone who still lived in matara . 
 it was an even quicker turnaround for the decision . 
 lorosa had gone about his rounds suspecting , as far as they knew , nothing of the public rising . 
 the royal rebellion . 
 finally the word got back to dommaris through his original messenger , who swiftly glided in and out of keno 's office to check his injury and merely stated , ` whenever you 're ready , minister . ' 
 cora had been working out a plan with imarko , keno and dommaris , deciding upon the options they held for striking the necromancer from all angles . 
 cora would lead the obvious rebellion , but they needed a backup . 
 there was the problem of trying to remove lorosa before the army returned , keno having explained premo was dead set on sacking the city when he returned . 
 they would have the city to themselves , but how would they fight off the entire mataran army under orders from the usurper with merely two warriors and a few thousand mataran citizens ? 
 ` kurayne ! ' 
 keno had exclaimed , rushing off to find the note he 'd received from the warrior master . 
 he handed it to cora who read it hungrily . 
 ` he 's trying an internal rebellion ? ' 
 ` if it works then we have our answer , ' he said , knowing it was a very long shot . 
 ` they rebel against premo when they see you , he gives the order for lorosa to attack them , you have your people 's army to cause as much distraction as possible and all we need is someone to draw the blade . ' 
 it was a plan , but the flaws stood out too glaringly to her . 
 ` but if kurayne does n't manage to turn the ranks , if they come here ready to destroy us , then all we can count on is the backing of the people . 
 how will they fare against not only their king and his army , but a magician that they 've already riled up ? ' 
 ` we need to kill lorosa first . ' 
 all eyes turned to murray . 
 they knew he was right , but it sounded foreign on his tongue . 
 ` if there is no other way to stop him , if the only choice is between him and the rest of prenitia , i would gladly drive a blade into his heart . ' 
 cora knew . 
 she felt his aching to see them again . 
 it would only ever happen - they would only ever know what happened to the others - when this city was free . 
 but with lorosa alive , it was unlikely ever to be . 
 ` but you wo n't have to . 
 this was my duty . ' 
 no one argued . 
 cora drew her sword . 
 ` so it should be now . ' 
 through the silence a persistent knocking vibrated . 
 annoyed , keno marched over and pulled the door open himself . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 he hissed at the young man standing behind it . 
 but he recognised him quickly , noticing a concerning shiver the boy possessed . 
 ` arrand ? 
 what is it ? ' 
 ` an approach , minister keno . 
 from the west . ' 
 everyone in the room stood up . 
 ` grab that cloak , corana , ' keno said , pointing to the pile on the corner chair . 
 she grabbed one for herself , tossing him another and gave imarko and murray a ` stay put ' look . 
 as keno and cora sped from the room , arrand 's mouth dropped in realisation he was staring at the queen herself . 
 he had been barely four when corana had left , but he remembered starkly the first time he 'd glanced upon their heir . 
 she gave him a half-smile as she pulled her hood up and passed the boy , then she and keno sped down the great staircase , identities hidden and steamed out along the approach . 
 it felt like forever running the length . 
 cora could hear only her own breath loud in her ears , and despite the freezing air she could feel only the hammering of her own heart . 
 as she and keno reached the gatehouse they burst into the sentry 's door and climbed the steep steps until they emerged on the battlements . 
 a sentry was waiting for them , pointing desperately ahead . 
 it was an army . 
 close and getting ever closer . 
 they would be upon them soon and they had no time to call for their citizenry to attack . 
 ` it 's premo , ' keno breathed . 
 ` he 's back . 
 what are we going to do , corana ? ' 
 she did n't answer . 
 she was squinting into the distance . 
 ` corana ! ' 
 her heart skipped a beat . 
 ` it 's not premo . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` look . 
 the banners ... ' it was not the emblem of matara . 
 ` oh , goddess ... ' keno could n't believe his eyes . 
 ` lisser ? ' 
 but then they felt a shake beneath them . 
 cora leaned over the wall and saw the gates being closed beneath them . 
 ` open the gates ! ' 
 she demanded , as she heard the gates thud to a close . 
 ` open the gates ! 
 why is nobody doing anything ? ' 
 ` because of him . ' 
 she followed his gaze and saw there , on the palace balcony , a figure standing in darkness , with a mist of green energy burning around him . 
 ` our decision 's just been made for us , keno . ' 
 keno nodded and moved a little way along the gatehouse wall . 
 he stopped , and began clawing at the bricks . 
 moments later he had pulled a few out and he withdrew from the hole a bow , some arrows and a little pouch that held its string . 
 he handed them to cora . 
 ` i 'm more resourceful than he could ever imagine . ' 
 with an impressed and eternally grateful smile , cora began to restring the weapon . 
 on the palace balcony , hands held out and his dark eyes on the gates , lorosa began to prepare himself to battle . 
 from the ground beneath the gatehouse , little green wisps began to dance up from the dirt and sizzle together . 
 merely moments later there were almost entire figures , their green , smoky feet embedded in the dirt and their sharp , ghostlike hands pressing heavily against the wooden gates . 
 lorosa 's pupils took on a strange glow and the green spectres froze , holding the gates closed . 
 cora tested her bowstring drew strongly and gazed back out to the approaching army . 
 ` now is the time , keno . 
 rally as many people as you can , get them to try and force the gates open . ' 
 keno obeyed , rushing back down the gatehouse steps , as cora leapt into a run and sprinted along the battlements , towards the inner wall . 
 keno burst from the bottom of the gatehouse , narrowly avoiding a collision with the necromancer 's misty army , and pounded back towards the palace . 
 but he drew to a stop at the sound of an almighty crash on the gates . 
 after a few moments silence there was another . 
 they were going to break down the doors . 
 cora was still speeding along the battlements above them ; he had to do something - one final distraction . 
 yet as he looked up to the necromancer burning with energy , his gape passed to the huge crowd of people who stood on the balcony behind the magician . 
 they had in their hands the heaviest item that their households had to hand and they surrounded him on all sides . 
 he heard them first . 
 then he turned to face them . 
 there he met the dark eyes of the families whose members he had abused to imprison their beloved yesmi . 
 he saw the children whose parents had been the unlucky ones to die for his cause . 
 and he saw the parents of those children who had starved in the depression . 
 this time , they had come for him . 
 a heavy clay pot flew through the air from his left . 
 it was easily broken on his own shield . 
 he sneered at their menial opposition and flung out a short pulse of power , hitting the woman who threw it square in the stomach , burning through her gut . 
 he would not be letting some wayward warrior ruin his plans for this city . 
 but it was not over . 
 from another angle came something sharp , another something heavy , until there was a continual assault coming from all angles . 
 cora had reached the internal wall and forcing the rusted gate open she pounded forwards , keeping the magician in her vision . 
 another boom echoed within the city , the gates juddering , but the sinister force keeping a firm hold against their breach . 
 cora drew her bow , aimed swiftly , and shot the first arrow directly at lorosa . 
 it hit his shield hard and sharp , but did n't penetrate , instead exploding on impact . 
 as the onslaught from the citizens continued , bursting against his shield , it blinded him to the archer 's presence , the arrow becoming just another shot from the crowd . 
 another great crash at the gates , but this time , the strange green army of lorosa 's faltered , the gates jumping inward briefly . 
 cora aimed again , watching carefully as lorosa struggled with keeping up the power he held across the city . 
 he was wearing down . 
 his hold was weakening . 
 all they needed was one hit that would force him to drop his personal shield for just a moment . 
 cora fired again , the arrow causing lorosa 's shield to burn even darker . 
 he was making it stronger . 
 he was wasting it . 
 a hand reached behind a large , decorative pot on the balcony and drew out a small bottle of liquid . 
 it was murray . 
 he stood behind the crowd , expression dark and unforgiving . 
 he had no idea what was in the small bottle , but he recognised the symbol upon it . 
 it meant explosive . 
 with the memories of his parents , his friends and the home that was no longer in existence fizzing in his mind , he launched the bottle at the necromancer - it flew silently through the air . 
 it hit the ground with barely a tinkle . 
 but the flames that roared up as it met lorosa 's barrier were unimaginable . 
 lorosa 's barrier went almost black and when the flames died the barrier began to thin . 
 lorosa was raging , throwing out weak pulses of energy , knocking the crowd to the floor but barely winding them . 
 he needed to preserve energy . 
 just for a moment . 
 he needed to stop the drain , to balance out his hold on the city . 
 it was in that moment , just when he let his barrier flicker , that the final arrow came . 
 but it did not hit the barrier . 
 it soared straight through it and thumped into his leg . 
 cora stood tall on the inner wall , desperate to see if she 'd hit . 
 lorosa had dropped to his knees , a sneer on his face , his barrier back up , but a thin and weak one . 
 murray pulled himself from the floor and helped up some of the people around him . 
 he saw lorosa knelt down , grasping the arrow that was embedded deeply in his leg . 
 the necromancer 's breath was slow and calm , but in that moment the he was almost helpless . 
 he would have to choose now . 
 heal himself or release his grip on the city . 
 with a deep groan lorosa pulled the arrow from his leg , blood pouring from it , and he pressed his hand heavily on the wound . 
 the misty green protectors at the gate disappeared . 
 down within the palace yesmi 's prison vanished and the witch heaved with a scream from the floor ; barely a breath later she had grabbed her mother 's necklace and raced from the room . 
 barely moments had passed when yesmi emerged onto the balcony , yelling some ancient verse and immediately throwing up imprisoning rings around lorosa . 
 the wound on his leg was no longer bleeding , but it was too late . 
 his connection to alacaethe was lost and he had now to deal with his prisoner only with reserves of his own power . 
 ` it 's a cheap trick , yesmi , it wo n't last long . 
 you do n't have the strength for it , ' he sneered . 
 ` i wo n't need to , ' she replied , her eyes falling to the gates . 
 the boom from the other side had continued and the gates were almost run in . 
 lorosa took a deep breath and began to force the rings apart with what little energy he had left . 
 harsh grey light began to seep from his palms and seek their way to the witch , picking at her from the air , slicing against her skin . 
 she felt so weak , so exhausted , but she could n't let go . 
 not now she had him at her mercy - and his power was waning . 
 her concentration rose , the rings glowing sharply , and she began to force lorosa towards the balcony 's edge . 
 she could feel him fighting against her will in every moment , and just as she began to push him back , to the thick stone wall of the balcony 's edge , her hold gave way and lorosa broke free . 
 yesmi felt herself sway , her head swam and felt heavy , but she forced herself to remain standing . 
 lorosa quickly pressed his hand to his leg , feeling the wound close , the intricacies of his body intertwining again and sealing as if the arrow had never torn it apart . 
 then he stood tall , straightened his clothing and stared at the witch . 
 ` i knew you were a waste of energy , ' lorosa said , smirking as he stalked slowly her way . 
 ` but i am not surprised your father no longer sees you . 
 you are a shame to magic . ' 
 the necklace dropped from her hand and hit the floor with barely a sound . 
 yesmi looked to the man who had kept her prisoner for two long tanes . 
 her expression was blank , but her voice growled low . 
 ` get out of my city . ' 
 her foot smashed against the pendant and burst with light , at the same time a scream came from the inner wall where cora had dropped to her knees , head pounding out of control . 
 the light surged through yesmi 's body , forcing itself to the very tips of her fingers , glowing in her eyes and shooting through every strand of her hair . 
 as it exploded from her hands in a bright , heavy beam , lorosa tried to raise a barrier , but it was too slow , too weak , and the magic hit him so hard it punched right through his chest . 
 the necromancer had no time to counter ; he was thrown off the balcony and fell to the ground , thudding to a stop not far from keno 's feet just as the gates burst open from the battering ram of the lisser army . 
 lorosa 's body sizzled with energy . 
 but none of it was his . 
 he was dead . 
 as yesmi moved to the balcony 's edge she saw keno below , and with a sigh she passed out . 
 murray caught her in his arms before she hit the ground and keno ran back into the palace , shooting up the stairs . 
 murray had yesmi in his arms as they met in the corridor and keno led him to his office . 
 she was rested on the sofa , unconscious but breathing . 
 keno knelt beside her , stroking her hair , in disbelief . 
 she was free . 
 but she was barely alive . 
 ` whose army was that , keno ? ' 
 murray asked , something in his heart telling him he needed to be outside . 
 ` lisser , ' keno replied with a relieved sigh . 
 he had seen the kettar before , once , at corana 's coronation , but never in his lifetime had that feared army stepped through the gates of matara . 
 murray moved slowly from the room . 
 ` i 'm going to check on cora . ' 
 keno nodded and murray moved quickly along the corridor to the great staircase . 
 he practically threw himself down it and when he emerged from the palace doors his progress was halted by the crowd of matarans that had come to get a closer look . 
 he squeezed his way through the people , who were cautiously keeping a distance , and ran down the steps , catching up with cora who was hobbling in pain towards the foreign army . 
 ` murray ! ' 
 she blurted , as he joined her . 
 ` is yesmi alright ? ' 
 murray nodded , ` she 's alive , keno 's with her . 
 why are they here ? ' 
 murray whispered , gazing at the lisser army . 
 ` not to attack us ? ' 
 cora shook her head , equally confused . 
 ` i do n't think so . ' 
 cora and murray walked forwards ; carrta and tavolo moved towards them . 
 every set of eyes in the city was on them . 
 but for a few , none had ever seen the like . 
 kisera and laris standing on mataran ground , and in peace . 
 this would be recorded in every new book created and spoken about forever . 
 even imarko was stunned , watching closely the approach , wishing some of his warriors were here to see this ; that the citizens of rayan were able to . 
 there was faint recognition between the queen and kettar . 
 with her heart in her mouth , cora felt the overwhelming urge to drop to her knees , but as she began to kneel carrta took her hand , stopping her . 
 ` you bowed to me once before , ' he said in a low voice . 
 ` i do n't ask for it even from my people . 
 we are at your service , queen corana . ' 
 her stomach flipped . 
 ` thank you , ' she managed as she looked over the stern , ready faces of the kiserans and larisiens that stood on the approach . 
 she could n't fathom why this man she had met merely twice in her life was standing before her . 
 ` but why did you choose to help us ? ' 
 a brief smile passed the kettar 's lips and he moved aside . 
 ` just a couple of reasons . ' 
 emerging from the army behind carrta were adri and leyna . 
 they stopped just in front of the kettar , frozen in disbelief . 
 ` adri ... ' murray whispered , throwing his arms around his brother , almost squeezing the life from him . 
 ` i ca n't believe it ! 
 i knew it , i knew you 'd still be alive . ' 
 adri beamed , grasping murray 's head in his hands , unable to draw the words to convey how much this moment meant . 
 and as he pressed his head against his brother 's shoulder his eyes met with cora 's . 
 he kissed murray 's head , barely able to let him go , but moved past him , walking towards her , this new woman , and pausing only to examine her face . 
 ` adri - ' she started , but he put a finger softly to her lips , shaking his head . 
 ` not now . ' 
 he pulled her close , and for the first time in a long time she felt herself let go completely , and fall deeply within his embrace . 
 murray drew closer to leyna with a half-smile . 
 she felt herself withdraw into shyness again , all those thoughts she 'd had of him when they were apart burst back into life within her mind and she felt somewhat ashamed . 
 but knowing the truth of how he felt from adri , and from the way he now looked at her , caused something else to emerge . 
 a flutter of arousal , of longing , pulsed through her as their eyes met , and a tingle deep within her when he moved a few wayward strands of newly chopped hair from her eyes . 
 ` i like it , ' murray said , as he looked over her kiseran hairstyle . 
 but she had no words for him . 
 all she could do was throw her arms around his shoulders and wait for him to do the same to her . 
 which he did , immediately , desperately and with relief . 
 ` kettar , ' cora called to him . 
 ` your army is welcome to use the warrior apartments here . 
 we shall try to accommodate you as best we can . ' 
 carrta nodded thanks and silently ordered his army to move onwards . 
 a hand appeared in front of him , causing him to look sharply up . 
 it was murray , one hand held out and the other held tightly around leyna . 
 ` kettar kisera . 
 thank you . 
 for bringing them back to us . ' 
 carrta shook the young man 's hand with a silent nod and watched as murray led leyna away towards the palace . 
 thirty the high road to matara premo 's army lagged behind . 
 exhausted , dehydrated . 
 the retreat at targu had left them short on supplies , and the limited ones they 'd stored for the return were dangerously low . 
 still , premo rode ahead , fixated on the horizon , waiting patiently until he saw the huge walls of his city where he 'd hang that traitorous woman . 
 premo pulled his horse to face the warriors . 
 ` you see those trees on the horizon ? ' 
 the army hungrily eyed them knowing for sure there was a water source within . 
 ` matara is beyond them . 
 it should take about five turns of the sun to get there . 
 i want to be there in three . ' 
 a united groan flowed through their wearied lungs . 
 premo was not ready to have them give up now . 
 he was having his revenge and damn them to alacaethe if they thought they were going to get out of it now ! 
 ` we rest when we reach the trees . 
 then we do not rest until i hold the head of princess corana in my hands . ' 
 he kicked his horse into a canter . 
 his army , after hesitation , roared in unison and followed , renewed of vigour and perhaps as desperate as kurayne in having this over as soon as possible . 
 thirty-one matara adri entered first . 
 the room felt heavy to him , of people he 'd never imagined being amongst , of places too grand for his past . 
 it was a guest bedroom , quiet , cosier than some other chambers , but still as grand as pertaining to royalty and its kin . 
 cora closed to door behind them . 
 locked it . 
 ` we wo n't be disturbed , but ... ' adri nodded . 
 he wondered if the walls genuinely had ears , from the tales she 'd told of how they snuck in . 
 what could they possibly want to hear from this reunion , anyway ? 
 it felt like a long time , just gazing back at her . 
 this woman who not so long ago was on his level , who now rose above everyone else in this city , even carrta . 
 she spoke first to ease his load . 
 ` carrta of kisera ? 
 in most people 's eyes the single most unlikely candidate to fight a battle not his own . 
 how did you manage to convince him ? ' 
 those deep , intelligent eyes smothered beneath loneliness and isolation flashed in his head . 
 ` leyna . ' 
 he forced back a smile . 
 ` she talked a warlord round ? ' 
 ` no . 
 she talked round the whole tribe . 
 or two , even . ' 
 she was stunned . 
 ` that shy girl we met in rayan did all this ? 
 i think , then ... we owe her almost everything . ' 
 adri said nothing to this . 
 he knew he owed her for more . 
 ` i 'm so glad you had each other in this . 
 so you 're friends now ? ' 
 he nodded ; shamed it was ever any different . 
 ` good . 
 that 'll take a load off murray . 
 i think he might even love her . ' 
 he did n't answer as images of leyna flickered through his mind . 
 fearful in the bunker , tearful in the koracan , calmly sleeping by the campfires they 'd made , confident in those larisien clothes flowing so close to her skin ... his silence urged her to move to him , draw him close , listen to his breath pour in and out of his chest . 
 ` how did you find out ? ' 
 she asked softly , shameful . 
 she spoke of herself , her own secret . 
 could he tell her about anatersa ? 
 should he ? 
 everything within him said no , screamed no - it was barely his choice . 
 ` was it carrta ? ' 
 carrta knew ? 
 how did carrta know ? 
 he gripped her body close to him , partly so she would n't notice his mindful hesitation , but also because his desire - no matter the source - was rising to the fore . 
 he looked into her eyes . 
 ` it does n't matter now . 
 there is only the battle that we wait for . ' 
 he kissed her softly . 
 ` but the wait is not the only thing we have . ' 
 again , he kissed her . 
 harder this time , firmer , their separation growing burdensome and their need for escape growing desperate . 
 as they tore the clothes from one another all expectation of tenderness in reunion faded . 
 they spent the short wait together in a dark , passionate grip , a plunging hope , a needful prison of their nearly lost love . 
 they did not sleep , remaining wide awake in each other 's arms . 
 there was no other escape for them . 
 a succession of thuds . 
 moments later another , then another . 
 arrows loosed fast and true from the hands of the lisser army . 
 the sturdy lines , triple-loosing then retreating to the back of the squad , were a power leyna had never before witnessed . 
 it frightened her , but she felt safer for it . 
 carrta , cora and adri stepped forward with their line . 
 they waited . 
 carrta called it - the nock , the draw ... the arrows flew almost unseen when carrta called the release . 
 twice again , twice straight on target they fired . 
 leyna wished she 'd had the chance to learn the bow . 
 she wished she could be more use . 
 as adri returned to the rear , leyna sped over to catch him before he was caught in the motion again . 
 ` can i talk to you ? ' 
 she asked quietly . 
 his demeanour changed instantly , back to the adri she 'd laughed with , she 'd fallen asleep on . 
 the one to whom she felt the most important person alive . 
 ` of course . 
 are you alright ? ' 
 his genuine concern almost threw her . 
 ` yes , yeah , i just ... ' they walked from the warriors , well out of earshot , to the steps of a warrior apartment . 
 adri rested his bow against the wall and sat down with leyna , the shyness in her still apparent , but her comfort with him allowing closeness . 
 ` what is it , leyna ? ' 
 she rubbed her hands with a sigh . 
 ` do we tell them ? 
 about , you know , the koracan ? 
 iyenesur ? 
 what if they ask us about how we got to lisser so quickly ? 
 what if . . ? ' 
 ` leyna , leyna , do n't worry . 
 we killed the hunter , we took his horse . 
 we were pursued by the other one until we were attacked . 
 the story from there is all true . ' 
 her mind whirred with worse scenarios . 
 ` but the mesenara ? 
 carrta and verlanē know about it , what if they tell cora , how can we explain it ? 
 we ca n't let anyone know about where she is , can we ? ' 
 he threw his arm around her shoulder pulled her close for a few moments , in which she fell silent . 
 ` just breathe , leyna , ' he said with a smile . 
 then he drew back slightly , looking her in the eye . 
 ` i do n't like him in any way , but i know for a fact if he 'd wanted to blackmail us with the mesenara he never would have given it back . 
 he did n't want it , truly , i do n't think the thought ever crossed his mind . ' 
 ` and what about murray and cora ? 
 do we tell them about her ? ' 
 ` i wo n't . ' 
 he 'd already thought this through . 
 ` if you want to tell murray , it 's your choice . ' 
 ` he would n't tell anyone , ' leyna reasoned . 
 ` you know he would n't . ' 
 ` i know . ' 
 he shoved her gently with his shoulder . 
 ` hey . 
 we 're friends now , right ? ' 
 she nodded . 
 they had been for a good while . 
 ` then any decision you make i 'll support you in it . ' 
 leyna 's heart almost broke at the declaration . 
 she threw her arms tightly around his shoulders , and he drew her close with a smile . 
 she did n't want to let go . 
 for her , he was surety for so long that she 'd see another sun . 
 it was almost unbearable thinking they 'd go back to how it was . 
 ` promise ? ' 
 he unhooked her arms gently from his neck and held her hands tightly as he nodded , expression serious . 
 ` i 'll do the same . 
 if there is ever anything my opinion would be important enough to support . ' 
 ` just ... ' he leaned in and whispered . 
 ` keep smiling for me . ' 
 ` i 'm sorry to interrupt , ' cora said politely , removing the string to her bow before them . 
 ` we 've got to go to the meeting . ' 
 adri nodded , not retracting any of the endearment he 'd shown , and drew leyna up as he stood . 
 murray rushed over , and grasped her hand . 
 ` there you are , ' he beamed . 
 no doubt he 'd seen the whole exchange as , she 'd guessed , cora had . 
 it felt ... alright . 
 there seemed no animosity . 
 perhaps now that adri and she were friends , and murray and she were verging on more - plus she 'd even made what she 'd presumed to be at least a good acquaintance with verlanē - she would finally be welcome somewhere . 
 she would finally have what she truly wanted in life . 
 a family . 
 and a home . 
 eight tanes had passed since the last time she had stepped into this hall . 
 as cora stood on the stage she could feel the looks of the lisser leaders and their advisors upon her . 
 but they were not to speak . 
 keno and dommaris looked up at her from the tiers below . 
 they , too , were to be silent here . 
 it was comforting to see their faces , especially when faced directly with the people who had been so heavily betrayed by her . 
 who occupied every one of the seats , the aisles , the spaces at the back and all the floor space around the podium . 
 cora knew her presence was not entirely welcome , that her explanations would be weak in the aftermath of premo 's reign . 
 but she was here , no matter the outcome , to make amends with the little time she had left . 
 she was a deserter queen come back from the dead . 
 this was history in the making . 
 she took a breath , and a step forward . 
 ` i will not make excuses for what i have done . ' 
 her voice echoed louder than she was expecting . 
 the hall resounded the words to every set of ears and fell back to silence . 
 ` i can say nothing that will bring back the loved ones you have lost . 
 nor the walls of your homes , or the water in the wells . 
 the only thing possible for me to do now , in the surety we have a little time before premo returns , ' the air staled , ` is use the skills i do possess and fight for you . 
 but ... ' cora turned slightly to the people behind her . 
 ` this warrior is adri kile . 
 and this is leyna nevan . 
 both citizens of rayan . 
 with no connection whatsoever to this city , they brought an allied army - kisera and laris of lisser - to our gates , with warriors willing to give their lives to reclaim yours . ' 
 she looked back to murray and imarko . 
 ` imarko lar fusa , murray kile . 
 they risked their lives on a journey from rayan to bring me back . 
 to bring me home . 
 they have lost everything , too . 
 they are determined matara will not submit to the same fate . ' 
 cora eyed the nervous , fascinated , and starving people in the hall . 
 they must agree . 
 not like in rayan . 
 she could n't let it happen again . 
 she would rather die . 
 ` this is my doing . 
 you will have your time of judgement , believe me . 
 but right now , we have the greatest warriors in prenitia within our walls . 
 there is no doubt to me , that we will win this . ' 
 a silent weight fell over the hall . 
 she felt , somehow , an agreement with these people . 
 her people . 
 ` there is just one thing we ask of you . 
 that i ask . 
 any weaponry , any supplies for this battle that can be spared for these warriors , would be most welcome . ' 
 a woman stood in the crowd , up high , cora squinted as her stomach turned . 
 they were going to refuse . 
 ` we have a store of spears . 
 we hid them from the army . 
 but we carried on making them and kept them safe . ' 
 the young woman , who could n't have been much older than cora had been when she 'd left , gave the hall a firm boost . 
 ` we were waiting for you . ' 
 cora swallowed hard , suppressing a sudden uprising of tears . 
 ` and we have bows . 
 and thousands of arrows , ' another said . 
 cora breathed deeply . 
 one after the other , until there were hundreds of people stood calling out their offering . 
 behind the queen , carrta stood , with paichen and koman . 
 they walked forward to cora . 
 in sync they pressed their fists to their chests , cora following . 
 adri and leyna stood at the back , fist pressed to their chests , and in one motion they sent a salute to the hall . 
 imarko and murray followed . 
 they stood with their arms raised for a long time , until the crowd began to move from their seats , to descend the tiers and to climb to the stage . 
 keno stayed in his spot , next to dommaris , as the crowds squeezed by him . 
 he watched this union , something that never believed he 'd see . 
 he knew inside that he could never have created such a reaction on his own . 
 but he did n't care . 
 it was finally happening . 
 it was a brief respite after the addressing of the hall before the meeting began . 
 a huge map lay out on the table depicting the whole country , the sacked villages and towns marked , premo 's army 's presumed location . 
 leyna had spent some of the time eagerly listening to the strategy while murray and adri sat in the corner on a huge couch , deep in conversation . 
 she 'd catch glimpses of adri grasping murray 's head affectionately . 
 if she did n't know them both better it would seem adri was scolding him . 
 no , he was telling him he had rediscovered his world . 
 murray was alive . 
 and murray 's head dipped , taken by his brother 's heavy words , secretly adoring every moment and re-establishing adri as his idol . 
 one moment she 'd looked over , murray had glanced back and held her gaze . 
 adri had followed his stare , both of them held on leyna , until murray turned back to his brother with a secret smile . 
 as leyna rose to refill her goblet she thumped into carrta , heading to the water jug himself . 
 he said nothing as he took her goblet and filled it first , following with his own . 
 he read her expression in silence . 
 she still feared him , but on the other hand she was fascinated . 
 she should thank him for allowing them to enter his tribe . 
 she should thank him for keeping them safe , allowing them to fight for their futures . 
 she should thank him ; he saved their lives . 
 by the time she opened her mouth he had already nodded politely and been called back to the table . 
 it would have to wait . 
 she had already learnt the hard way people are not always as they seem . 
 but she hoped this one , just this one , would live up to exactly what his reputation demanded of him . 
 so far he had n't failed . 
 she heard adri 's name called . 
 he and murray shared a quick embrace . 
 leyna was almost jealous , until adri winked at her as he moved to cora . 
 she felt fingers grasp her own , and murray tugged towards the door . 
 they were gone in silence . 
 no one but adri saw them leave . 
 he asked one of keno 's young messengers to keep an eye on them . 
 if they stayed in the rear city , they 'd be safe through the battle . 
 ` so , are we all agreed ? ' 
 cora asked the room . 
 ` it 's our strongest chance , ' carrta put in . 
 ` that and the fact they 've marched a round trip of the country . 
 they 'll fatigue faster than us . ' 
 ` they would have picked up supplies somewhere , ' paichen hinted , aimed subtly at his fellow lisseran lord . 
 carrta ignored him . 
 cora met keno 's gaze . 
 ` i want you to stay here . 
 stay with yesmi . ' 
 ` i 'm no warrior but i 'm prepared to fight for my city , ' he said boldly . 
 ` you 've done more than enough , keno . 
 and the city will need you when it 's over , ' cora said in all sincerity . 
 she met the eyes of everyone round the table . 
 ` and this will be the end . ' 
 no one challenged that . 
 murray led leyna silently from the rear of the palace into the trade quarters , almost at a run . 
 she smiled to herself , happy to be with him , happy to finally stop worrying . 
 but she had no idea what he was planning . 
 they reached one of the great interval towers and were greeted by a stern looking kiseran warrior guarding the door . 
 but the warrior knew leyna 's face , he had spoken to her briefly during the march from lisser , and with a smirk he moved aside for them to pass handing murray something as they did . 
 murray squeezed leyna 's hand tightly and pulled her giggling up the winding stairs until they reached a small door . 
 ` close your eyes . ' 
 strangely excited she did n't argue , covering her eyes with her hands and allowing murray to draw her onto the battlements . 
 the wind nipped at her fingers in the air , but she did n't care . 
 she felt murray move behind her and press his hands against hers , making sure she did n't peek . 
 she thought she felt his breath quicken , caught warm on the cold wind and float coolly past her face . 
 the moved slowly forward , without a word , until murray halted and took his hands away from hers . 
 he moved to the side and went silent . 
 ` murray ? ' 
 she whispered . 
 he did n't answer , so she reached out with one hand to the side , trying to grab at his with a smile on her face . 
 he dodged it with a laugh the first couple of swipes , but then grabbed it , feeling it necessary to rub his hands over it , warming leyna 's skin in the chill . 
 ` can i open them ? ' 
 ` go on then . ' 
 ` are you sure ? ' 
 she said with a raised brow . 
 ` absolutely , ' he replied , leaning against the crenels , letting her hand fall from his own . 
 as she dropped the other hand from her eyes , she opened her eyes slowly . 
 as they adjusted to the light her expression dropped with her mouth to the sight before her . 
 it was the sea . 
 the vast , beautiful , wondrous sea that seemed to have no end , just resting on the world and expanding far into the horizon . 
 hansheca shone as a winking eye , dancing on the water below all the way to the close tides on the beach . 
 they were stood at the far end of the city walls , right above the cliff drop below and she could see everything . 
 ` you told me you 'd never seen the sea , ' murray said , moving a little closer to her . 
 ` i thought it should be extra special for a first viewing . ' 
 despite herself , and unable to avoid it , leyna felt tears fall down her cheeks . 
 she did n't care . 
 she did n't want to care . 
 it was the most wonderful scene ... no , the most wonderful moment ... she had ever known . 
 the books and engravings that described and depicted it in all those library books had not one measure on it . 
 there was nothing in the world so important right now but the world itself , and she leaned on the crenels entranced by the wonder of the unseen . 
 ` it 's ... it 's so beautiful ' she spoke , her voice almost silent . 
 murray 's gaze had rested on her for a long time . 
 ` i always thought so . ' 
 leyna turned to him , almost missing the moment in the disbelief . 
 then murray drew something from the crenel he stood beside . 
 leyna saw it . 
 it was a kura . 
 no , it was her kura . 
 ` how ... ' she breathed , astonished , taking the instrument in her fingers as if it was as fragile as her dreams used to be . 
 ` you brought it ... all this way ? ' 
 ` you brought my brother all this way . 
 he 's not half so tough as this , ' he laughed . 
 but she could n't stop looking at him . 
 trying to figure out what this meant , why he 'd done it , how she could repay him . 
 he stepped towards her , something deep and powerful and passionate running in his eyes . 
 he reached up and brushed her face with his fingers . 
 he moved closer , sliding his hand into hers and began to lean in to her . 
 ` i 'm glad we did n't do this earlier , ' he whispered , his lips almost meeting hers . 
 ` i do n't - really - know ... ' leyna muttered flinching back , feeling only the thudding of her heart in her ears and the tingle of her skin from his touch . 
 murray smiled that beautiful smile she had seen in her memories so often since they parted , and shook his head a little . 
 ` do n't worry . ' 
 when she felt his lips meet hers , soft and warm and safe , her legs lost their strength and almost buckled . 
 but that pressure on her back was his hands , holding her tightly , and that ache against her body was his own , holding her close . 
 it took barely moments for her to forget everything else around them and after that shy awkwardness she had become dependent on disappeared , she kissed him back . 
 where love blossomed on the far side of the city , war was looming on the other . 
 queen and kettar stood side by side , their gazes hard on the dark earth ahead of them . 
 cora leaned forward , her hands pressing on rolls of tapestry that felt thick and rough to the touch , nothing like the thinner , more pleasant fabrics that hung on her walls . 
 carrta had been quiet beside her since they reached the battlements . 
 his breath flowed slow and measured from his mouth , markhen 's hold now very apparent . 
 she felt him squint , his thoughts merging . 
 ` can you feel it ? ' 
 he asked . 
 cora settled her mind , igniting all her senses , attuning herself to his state of mind . 
 beneath her feet , vibrating so softly as if from a fly stuck on a web , she felt the pulsing . 
 rhythmic , perpetual . 
 she met his eyes . 
 ` yes . ' 
 he let out another breath , deeper , longer . 
 ` it 's time . ' 
 she nodded , closing her eyes , readying herself . 
 when she opened them again she had changed . 
 no longer was she a deserter queen , fighting to stay hidden , ignoring the cries of her people in some far-off village . 
 she was now an executor . 
 her life meant nothing . 
 only death led to her future . 
 premo 's . 
 she barely noticed the walk down the steps , the emergence from the gatehouse into the buzzing air of the approach . 
 adri jogged up to her , carrta marching off to his warriors . 
 ` murray and leyna ? ' 
 ` they were left in the palace . 
 they 're safe . ' 
 he looked back to the dull white building . 
 ` maybe i should check . ' 
 cora drew him with her towards the other warriors . 
 ` there 's no time . 
 they were seen there ? ' 
 he nodded . 
 ` then they 're safe . ' 
 ` nesa kisera ! ' 
 carrta called ; his tone so heavy they almost did n't recognise his voice . 
 it was time . 
 it was starting . 
 koman and paichen saw the two carrta take his lead at the head of the army , cora and adri joining him . 
 ` vyodaneir ! ' 
 was the larisien call to arms . 
 the lisser army stood as one . 
 there was no rushing , no confusion , they lined up as an army . 
 it was that moment where cora realised that she had no army . 
 she was fighting alone , for one reason , for one aim . 
 she was going to kill that king . 
 there was something certainly strange , but so very exciting about the feeling of being in love . 
 after putting the kura in the palace , leyna and murray had wandered all over matara , their memories of their poor village ignited at every turn , but their awe at the scale of the city even more so . 
 they walked close , fingers entwined and bodies brushing every now and then , mostly in silence , speaking only to point out something on the way . 
 as they weaved through the army quarters near the approach the great spire of the temple came into view . 
 leyna gazed up mouth wide as the full building emerged as they moved closer . 
 ` their temple of anatersa , ' murray said with a respectful smile . 
 leyna nodded , remembering what she and adri had seen in the koracan those suns before . 
 the memories seemed to have faded somewhat since they 'd left , replaced by the ever-present feeling of desperation to reach lisser and matara . 
 she felt an urge to tell him everything , so it would remain alive within them both - something they could share in secrecy . 
 her hand slid across his chest and curled around his body as she looked into his eyes . 
 ` murray ... ' he kissed her gently , stroking her hair wondering what was going on under those dark lids . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 but the words never came . 
 how could she ever explain it ? 
 how would anyone else ever understand what it meant to have entered the realm of a goddess ? 
 she remembered everything she and adri had talked about . 
 their fears , their wishes , and all the truths they had discovered there . 
 no . 
 murray could never know about it . 
 it was destined to remain between her and his brother . 
 their secret . 
 their bond . 
 she and murray had something else entirely . 
 ` i ... , ' she started , her voice croaking as she tried to speak . 
 she rested her head against his chest feeling his heart , hearing his breath . 
 ` i missed you so much . ' 
 they stood for a few moments , deep in thought , but as leyna tried to clear her head of everything and savour the moment , the only face she saw in her mind was adri 's . 
 then a rumble from somewhere . 
 she thought she heard a voice call out , deep , demanding . 
 ` did you ... ? ' 
 murray followed her gaze , ears sharpened . 
 ` maybe we should wait in the palace . ' 
 ` someone 'll come get us when it 's time . ' 
 he rubbed her back softly . 
 ` you want to go in ? ' 
 murray said , looking at the beautiful temple merely steps away . 
 she nodded back , shuddering suddenly , the cold having caught up with her . 
 murray pulled off his coat and threw it over her shoulders . 
 she slipped her arms into it and snuggled up to him as they walked into the huge , empty temple , leyna glancing back briefly . 
 it was a painful sight . 
 there was debris everywhere . 
 broken supports , torn cushions , pieces of the roof scattering the floor from the gaping hole above them . 
 ` they destroyed it , ' leyna spoke quietly , wondering if iyenesur knew . 
 ` i doubt it was the people , ' murray said sombrely as he began clearing the altar of debris . 
 he took leyna 's hand and they both knelt before it . 
 ` we should pray , ' leyna said , squeezing his hand a little . 
 ` for your parents . 
 and my mother . ' 
 his surprised eyes locked with hers . 
 ` did you find her that night ? ' 
 ` no . ' 
 he could see it within her eyes that she had grown from the girl he had met all that time ago , that shy , mysterious girl , into to the incredible , strong , focused woman at his side . 
 ` i found her long after . ' 
 so they closed their eyes . 
 so they prayed . 
 thirty-two journey 's end premo and the mataran army halted not far from the city gates . 
 the gates were pulled open just as he had left them . 
 inside it was dark ; no shadows within , nor on the battlements . 
 the king glanced over his army , the final trek having been the hardest of all . 
 they were tired and hungry , but they were trained for this . 
 that short stop at the woodland was a necessary boost . 
 even premo was n't so ignorant to think these warriors were invincible . 
 still flesh and blood , unfortunately . 
 now there was no future but to last out until the end . 
 ` kurayne , ' premo called back , the master then drawing forward on his horse . 
 ` do you see anyone on the battlements ? ' 
 kurayne squinted in the little light there was , shadows of people moving swiftly behind the crenellations . 
 ` two ... no three ... ' as he spoke the snapping of a huge tapestry echoed in the night as it unrolled from the top of the wall . 
 the symbol was of matara . 
 premo watched cautiously , but unsmiling , as another two tapestries dropped into view , hanging there bold and proud . 
 and warning . 
 premo jumped from his horse , striding forward in anger . 
 ` kisera is here . 
 and laris . ' 
 kurayne suppressed a smirk , recalling the words of war premo had once confided to him . 
 then was half-blinded in the next instant by explosions of light from hordes of flaming torches outside the city . 
 the lisser army stood there , hidden under the darkness of the walls . 
 they were armed and they are ready . 
 but they were greatly outnumbered . 
 premo stumbled back slightly , afraid he had opened himself up for attack . 
 he cast his focus across the lines of warriors and saw , right there at the front , the kettar himself . 
 and carrta was looking straight back at him . 
 ` kurayne . 
 you know a little kiseran , do n't you ? ' 
 the king asked with a sly expression . 
 ` only what we learnt for diplomacy , sire . ' 
 ` tell me ... ' premo started ... carrta watched as the king spoke with one of his masters and glanced at tavolo who stood beside him . 
 ` he 's not going to surrender , ' carrta decided . 
 then a yell came from the mataran ranks , loud and clear enough for everyone to hear . 
 ` kettar kisera ! 
 keyē plēge tur kyē henama ! ' 
 tavolo raised a brow . 
 ` lord kisera . 
 you will be my rabbit hole ? ' 
 the warriors surrounding him laughed lightly , all except carrta . 
 ` at least he addressed you properly this time . ' 
 ` he meant hanama . ' 
 tavolo 's gaze turned sour . 
 ` final victory . ' 
 then , finally and as expected by the defending army , the queen of matara walked from within the city , adri by her side , to the front ranks and took her place with carrta . 
 premo sneered . 
 he had n't seen that little girl for so long he almost did n't recognise her . 
 and she was no longer the spoilt , scared child she had been . 
 her eyes held death . 
 her eyes saw his . 
 cora drew her sword . 
 adri drew his , that beautiful weapon of kisera , and the kettar raised his sword high . 
 ` tra ulea kyē milyenura kyē gryētu ! ' 
 carrta cried to his ranks . 
 his warriors all raised their weapons , roaring it back to their lord . 
 kurayne could n't hold back his smile when he saw cora , and the army behind him could barely contain their confusion . 
 but it was too late . 
 they had signed their lives away to the king . 
 the woman before them represented everything that their former queen had tried to avoid . 
 they had chosen their paths and as all warriors must they would walk it . 
 ` kurayne , ' premo said blankly . 
 ` when this is over you will hang in place of those symbols . ' 
 but in that moment , kurayne no longer cared for premo 's threats . 
 he would finally face what had been his fear for the past eight tanes , and with an unbeaten army behind her he saw no way that premo could win this final battle . 
 premo 's war cry hammered the air and his signal sent the first wave of his army into battle . 
 there was no time for an archery onslaught or planned tactics ; this was a battle to be fought hand to hand , warrior to warrior . 
 carrta and cora led the charge for the defending army , crashing headlong into the matarans . 
 carrta got the first kill , reading perfectly the attack the first warrior would make , seeing , feeling , every angle he was to be attacked from . 
 it was barely moments between the first few kills , but cora had disappeared from sight , her sorry sword striking relentlessly at the mataran warriors - her warriors - who stood here now , striking their own queen . 
 there was no time in the bloodied ranks to ponder further how it had become this way . 
 she must merely fight and kill until there was no more to do , until it was just premo and herself that stood head to head . 
 that was all she wanted . 
 that was all she could do . 
 the anger from his fallen village , the attack of the bounty hunter , the death of his parents drove adri on , his temper boiling so high that every move was fast and deadly . 
 every turn of his body , every swing of his blade was meant to hit and to kill . 
 he found no mercy in this place or for these people . 
 they nearly killed him and cora and murray and leyna . 
 they were all accountable , he assured himself , every last one . 
 carrta swiped and plunged his battle-aged sword back and forth , high and low , not seeing verlanē and tavolo at his side one moment , and gone the next . 
 his focus remained on the fight . 
 the matarans pushed forward forcing through the middle of the lisser army , with swords clashing and cries of death overbearing in the fray . 
 the lisserans were being forced apart , the matarans gradually gaining a pathway into the city . 
 premo had been watching carefully the movements of cora and deciding when he should make his move . 
 as she was forced back , towards the gates by his warriors he decided his time was now to pursue . 
 the king sprang from his horse , sword drawn and plunged himself into the battle . 
 he was instantly surrounded by his loyal masters , protecting him from all sides as he forced his way towards cora . 
 she was n't ignorant to it . 
 she saw his approach as she was trapped in the depths of the lisser ranks and began to retreat , slicing her way clear towards the city and bounding through the gates . 
 verlanē smacked into the back of another warrior - a swift look told her benee was behind her . 
 ` hey , lover ! ' 
 she called with a smile over the roars around them . 
 they both defended a double onslaught heavily , the vibrations of their swords ringing in their ears . 
 ` they 're retreating ! ' 
 benee called over his shoulder . 
 verlanē caught a glimpse of the kettar moving from the outside perimeter and back into matara . 
 verlanē nodded in understanding and ripping her blade through a mataran warrior she ran ahead of benee , leaping over both her fallen comrades and those of the enemy , towards the city . 
 the mataran army finally poured into the city , the lisser army allowing them the freedom to move further in . 
 it was n't long before most of the army was within the city . 
 ` dura ! 
 dura ! ' 
 carrta yelled at the top of his voice as he slipped into the city past the gates . 
 a great creak shuddered through the dark wood and the gates began to close , his warriors following their orders . 
 premo , in his focused pursuit of the queen had not realised the army had been tricked - and trapped . 
 a more seasoned fighter , a leader , would have known - kurayne must have known . 
 he let this happen - that traitor would die . 
 he heard the gates boom shut behind him and snarled at the deception . 
 the palace gates at the inner walls had been closed off , huge chains locked around the metal and piles of wood and furniture protecting the breach to the city behind them . 
 premo watched as the rest of the lisser army emerged from the warrior quarters , swords raised and faces fiery . 
 they were fresh and they had the advantage . 
 this was his last chance to kill her , and it was exactly what he intended to do . 
 there was no going back , the rush was too strong . 
 the fight would end in the city . 
 the matarans spread out and began to weave their way through the warrior apartments . 
 they knew them well , much better than their foes , and they believed this was their huge advantage . 
 but they had underestimated these warriors . 
 kisera itself used this tactic in their part of lisser as confusion to invaders , and they knew well how to tell where they were . 
 murray clasped leyna 's hand tightly as they heard the commotion outside . 
 how could they have been in the temple so long and not known , or been warned , the battle was starting ? 
 they could n't leave , it was far too dangerous . 
 their best plan was to wait it out , and if lisser lost the battle , then try and sneak from the city and escape to aader in the north . 
 there was a thud against the door , both stiffening . 
 there was nothing they could do now other than wait . 
 leyna shut her eyes , flashes of the attack in rayan filling her mind . 
 the sneer of that warrior who ran her mother through . 
 the head of another adri had cut off . 
 the noises and sounds of death of all those people - ` leyna , ' murray whispered , yanking her from her nightmarish reverie . 
 she felt his fingers shaking over hers , his own thoughts consumed by the murder of his parents , barely breaking free . 
 ` if they come in , we wait until they 're far from the door , then we run . ' 
 she nodded instantly . 
 if they could find their way back to the perimeter wall , to a tower , they could climb back into the city . 
 minister keno would have some way of escape , surely ? 
 a crash at the door stalled her thought and two warriors stumbled in . 
 they tested the floor beneath their feet as they stalked in a circle , bracing for battle . 
 leyna 's breath caught in her throat as the kiseran warrior stepped under the shaft of light from the hold in the roof . 
 verlanē ! 
 the mataran attacked first , verlanē forced back , almost losing her footing . 
 but she did n't , she darted quickly forward in a counter and the mataran ducked to the side . 
 the fight was heading for the hidden couple . 
 verlanē 's incessant jabbing put the mataran warrior off guard , and she dug the end of her blade into the flesh of his arm . 
 he grimaced , treading carefully backwards . 
 she would have his life if he turned . 
 murray tugged leyna 's arm , they began to creep around the outside of the temple . 
 leyna reached to her waist for adri 's knife - she had given it back to him . 
 she did n't want to ever use it again . 
 she scolded herself , what a foolish girl ! 
 so she drew on her instincts , the ones that had honed somewhat on the journey across prenitia . 
 instead of the direct route that verlanē and the mataran were heading back to , she looked for an escape above . 
 there were little windows in alcoves , quiet places of reflection . 
 they would now be , possibly , their only means out of there . 
 she eyed the route . 
 slip back the way they came , climb the winding stairs , second staircase , window . 
 pulling murray quickly , hushing him as he protested , the pair followed her route . 
 as they reached the top of the spiral stairs they snuck along the balcony to the staircase . 
 they climbed swiftly , glancing down at verlanē still in the midst of battle , and stopped at the window . 
 leyna pulled it open softly , praying there would be no ill hinges that would reveal their presence . 
 they were in luck , and they crawled onto the jagged roof . 
 just as the rest of the matarans realised they were trapped , premo tugged his sword from yet another larisien warrior he headed further in . 
 as he thumped his sword handle against a kiseran nose he caught sight of his target . 
 cora was locked in battle with hilta , the two fairly matched in size , but hilta less efficient in the fight . 
 she was determined and merciless , cora respected that , but her style was easily understood and her heavy blows soon became easier to manoeuvre away from and oppose . 
 hilta had not been part of the home warriors eight tanes before . 
 her skills showed her rough tutelage and she was proved to be inferior as cora 's blade entered her abdomen . 
 the queen looked into hilta 's eyes . 
 they had never spoken . 
 they were never friends . 
 but they were both mataran . 
 this should never have happened . 
 hilta slid from cora 's blade , the queen cutting down another warrior in no time , and finally , she saw premo within fighting distance . 
 she began the cull towards him . 
 leyna gripped the roof tightly as she and murray descended . 
 they could hear to monotonous roar of warriors over the roofs but were unable to see the mess . 
 below , the way was clear , it was their chance to get out . 
 she shimmied quickly along , the roof easy to navigate for its jutting tiles , and she made it to the edge . 
 murray followed close behind and soon was beside her . 
 ` we have to jump . ' 
 murray nodded in agreement , there could be no argument . 
 he planted a firm kiss on her lips . 
 ` there will always be light in the dark , leyna . ' 
 before she could respond he counted one , two , three - they dropped heavy to the ground below , thankful for the low-roofed mataran temple designs , and shot up quickly , speeding to the left . 
 leyna kept an eye on the signs , the ones they 'd passed earlier , desperately keeping track of the right direction . 
 she 'd picked up quickly that this was a brief design like in kisera , that signs showed the way from the confusing streets . 
 the noise was overbearing , it was hard to tell which way the fighting was , but she followed murray almost blindly . 
 he 's picked up on it too , of course . 
 he must have . 
 as they dodged around a corner , leyna 's eyes fell on a symbol she recognised . 
 it meant entrance to the approach . 
 ` murray , no - ! ' 
 but it was too late . 
 they stepped out onto the dusty path as the battle was in full throng . 
 leyna pulled murray 's arm hard , willing him the other way . 
 as she turned she smacked full pelt into an enormous warrior , his eyes burning just like the one who killed her mother . 
 he grabbed her neck , lifting her high from ground , his knife crawling down her cheek . 
 her face turned crimson as she choked to death . 
 a slice , a splatter of blood , and leyna fell to earth . 
 as the warrior dropped verlanē stood in stance behind him , expression solid , unsmiling , as she watched the warrior die . 
 murray stepped in front of her , holding her face , checking she was unharmed . 
 her eyes bulged . 
 he turned . 
 two soft thudding sounds and then silence . 
 everything moved slowly . 
 her arms pressing on his . 
 his eyes looking downward to the thin pieces of wood protruding from his chest . 
 another soft thud . 
 the sound burst back into life , murray slammed backwards into her . 
 she hit the wall , winded , but grasped him as he lost the power in his legs , dragged down by his weight . 
 adri plunged his sword into one of premo 's master 's and was so very close to sending it through the king . 
 but he saw . 
 leyna 's arms curled around murray 's shoulders . 
 his little brother lying in her arms on the ground . 
 verlanē pulling her sword from the archer . 
 the fight was over for him . 
 his boots trod the ground hard until he was upon them . 
 he heard his voice call a desperate plea , his brother 's name heavy and bitter in his mouth . 
 there were three arrows plunged into murray 's chest . 
 he wanted to pull them out , to free his brother this death , but he could n't . 
 it was over . 
 and adri wept instantly , gripping murray 's face as the young man began to fade . 
 the smell of the death soon to come engulfed his senses ; he almost retched , he swallowed it down . 
 as cora stood before premo , ready to fight , her eyes locked on something around his neck . 
 her pendant . 
 ` you betray your mother by fighting against me , ' he sneered . 
 cora eyed him wildly . 
 this revelation would not inspire her to retreat . 
 she was no longer to be manipulated . 
 ` then so be it . ' 
 their swords locked , his blows heavy , awkward , hers perfect , swift . 
 this is the final battle . 
 adri broke the arrow tips off , pulling murray carefully onto his side , and drawing the heads out of his back . 
 ` where is it leyna , where 's the flower ? ' 
 he croaked . 
 leyna held the pouch in her hand . 
 she replied neutrally , ` i do n't think there 's enough . ' 
 adri grabbed the rest of the mesenara , pressed it to murray 's wounds , held it down . 
 his hands did n't leave for a long time . 
 leyna stroked murray 's face with her thumbs , softly , soothing him along , soothing him out of this life . 
 his lips could n't speak , so their eyes met in a farewell . 
 she brushed her fingers through his dark hair , straggly and longer since travelling , but it suited him . 
 and the short hair of his cheeks and chin where he had failed to keep a beard at bay tingled beneath her fingertips . 
 she liked it . 
 it gave him a strong look . 
 ` murray ... murray ! 
 do n't you dare leave me . 
 do n't you dare , murray ! ' 
 of course , he was dying . 
 what was she thinking ? 
 murray weakly took adri 's hand , pulling it from his wounds . 
 adri kissed his brother 's bloody fingers , a wreck . 
 cora swung at premo - he blocked powerfully and countered - cora defended firmly . 
 the king kicked his leg out , tripping cora to the ground . 
 she drew a dagger , plunged it into his foot and leapt up . 
 he towered above , his sword looming and his expression disgust . 
 she swung her sword round , direct , there was no way she could miss - but he froze . 
 premo stood staring at her , frozen on the spot , his sword raised high ready to end her . 
 but he would n't . 
 he could n't . 
 and neither could cora ; frozen as her sword was driving through the air towards the giant before her . 
 then premo began to glow lightly , the edges of his clothing shivering in the non-existent wind . 
 he burst . 
 into a billion pieces , just floating there on the air in an aerated form that used to be the usurper king . 
 around him the armies of both matara and lisser began to do the same , their warriors frozen in time and exploding into fizzing shadows of themselves . 
 cora was not to be excluded . 
 she was one of the last , but she too was soon merely a gathering of specks on the air . 
 the city gates opened loudly of their own accord and still where murray had fallen were adri and leyna . 
 her eyes rose to meet the hooded figure entering the city but adri did n't notice . 
 he did n't care . 
 everything was gone . 
 iyenesur moved past another remaining member - carrta . 
 he did n't seem as surprised to see her as he should have and as their eyes met , hers beckoned him to follow . 
 he obeyed her will , but unable to remove his interest fully from the odd floating pieces of what was his army undone , for the first time in living memory . 
 as the goddess reached leyna the young woman stood subconsciously . 
 that young head of hers was no longer held high . 
 her eyes could barely meet those of iyenesur . 
 ` i wish to speak to you all , ' the priestess requested . 
 a moan came from adri as he pulled his brother close , the voice of their visitor making the reality all too apparent . 
 ` adri . 
 there is no-one who can change this . ' 
 adri shot up , his eyes raw and red , tears plummeting heavily from them , his teeth bared . 
 ` why him ! ' 
 he roared unrestrained . 
 ` why take him ? ' 
 ` i did n't , ' she replied , sincerely . 
 ` this was not my doing . ' 
 ` you 're the goddess of life , give him back to me ! 
 give him back . ' 
 adri looked back on his brother , his uselessness feeding through his veins , unrelenting . 
 he dropped back beside murray , grasping at his hand , refusing to leave him . 
 leyna knew it would fall to her to draw adri from the body . 
 she felt numb , unable to grasp they gravity of the moment clearly . 
 all they knew was that they needed to go with iyenesur , and they needed to go now . 
 leyna moved slowly around murray 's body , purposefully avoiding looking at the bloodied figure and the red that sprung from his cooling chest , and knelt herself beside her saviour . 
 she slid her hand over his , and grasped it tightly , gradually , and forcibly , removing adri 's grip . 
 it took a few moments for him to register it was her beside him , but when he did finally , he let go . 
 leyna brushed her fingers lightly over his hair , trying to soothe his aching , to still his pain for a moment . 
 they shared something in the moment . 
 a common loss , a common pain ; an unrealised connection between them . 
 adri closed his hands over leyna 's head and rested his forehead against hers , their breathing synchronising , balancing , calming . 
 ` we 'll come back , ' she whispered . 
 with a nod , she and adri stood together , and they and carrta followed the goddess as she led them towards the palace , adri unable to let go of leyna 's hand nor hold back his tears . 
 as the doors to keno 's office were pushed open by an invisible force the minister shot up , eyes wide at the intruder . 
 but he saw the kettar follow her in and adri , leant on leyna 's shoulder , emerged behind them . 
 ` what 's happening ? ' 
 keno asked , hoarsely . 
 he had n't noticed how dry his throat had become as he 'd sat by yesmi and willed the battle to be over . 
 he rushed to the window , eyes firmly on the approach . 
 he had no idea what he was looking at , but he knew matara was safe . 
 iyenesur did n't answer him , instead focusing on her devotee , unconscious on the sofa . 
 ` yesmi , ' she said soothingly . 
 yesmi gasped as she awoke and sat up straight , almost without her own will . 
 as soon as she set eyes on the woman before her she threw herself to her knees . 
 ` my lady ... ' she gasped , bowing low . 
 ` come on , i do n't have all night , ' the priestess said , hurriedly . 
 it took a moment for keno . 
 the words ` my lady ' meant for yesmi only one thing . 
 but he finally realised she was talking to him . 
 those two tanes had almost beaten out of him that he could touch his lover but it was n't long before he was embracing her tightly , pressing his lips against hers , whispering to her , shaking his head in disbelief , beaming with incredulity . 
 ` now , if you could stand aside for a moment , keno , ' iyenesur ordered . 
 he was reluctant , but he did as she willed , first helping yesmi to her feet then moving only a few inches away . 
 ` yesmi , ' the priestess said darkly . 
 ` you risked the homes and lives of the people you are meant to protect because of a whimsy . 
 love , i believe . 
 this is barely acceptable . ' 
 yesmi 's expression dropped . 
 she obviously had n't expected that accusation after all the time waiting to meet her patron . 
 ` i was dangerously careless , ' she agreed , looking briefly down , ashamed . 
 but her eyes soon rose and met the goddess ' . 
 ` but i will not apologise for falling in love . ' 
 a hint of a smile passed iyenesur 's lips . 
 ` i had presumed you would not . 
 and if you had , i may not have undertaken this decision so readily . ' 
 she took a step forward , steely-gazed and serious . 
 ` you are a remarkable witch . 
 and a remarkable woman . 
 the strength and spirit necessary to survive a necromancer 's grip and then to find the powers to fight , not to give up , is phenomenal . 
 and i believe you had a little help from some others and the young man you hold so dear . ' 
 her eyes flicked to keno , his protectiveness stiffening his reaction . 
 ` not a little . 
 he kept me alive . ' 
 keno tried desperately not to reach out and grasp her hand . 
 ` others would punish your selfishness . 
 but as it is not selfish to share love , in my eyes , you will be instead commended . 
 for your unfaltering hope . 
 as your patron i am granting you a pass to the virtara , the fifth level of magic . 
 you will from now on be addressed as the high witch . ' 
 ` my lady ... ' yesmi breathed . 
 ` there is no time for thanks or offerings . 
 we must do this quickly . ' 
 ` my lady , there is something else . 
 lorosa had a patron . 
 i 'm sure of it . ' 
 iyenesur paused in contemplation . 
 ` yes . 
 considering what he has achieved it remains almost the only explanation . ' 
 almost the only explanation . 
 yesmi had no further time to question as iyenesur pressed her palm quickly to her throat . 
 after a sizzle and a pulse from the priestess ' fingers she pulled away . 
 yesmi screamed a silent scream and fell back , keno , this time , unable to avoid catching her . 
 he stared at the stranger angrily . 
 ` she must not be disturbed as she sleeps , ' iyenesur ordered . 
 she turned to carrta and passed her glance over adri and leyna . 
 ` your part in this saga is duly noted . 
 now , i must ask for discretion to be kept on my behalf . 
 the presence of one from the old world may or may not be welcome , yet regardless , i must remain a silent member of your lives . 
 do not share this story with anyone who may use it to their advantage or others ' disadvantage . ' 
 carrta nodded once , lightly . 
 ` we are indebted to you . ' 
 something in his eyes told that he was not just speaking of the events of that sun . 
 ` i will accept your silence as payment for this debt . 
 prenitia 's senses are awakening . 
 i must leave before my presence is felt elsewhere . ' 
 as the goddess headed out of the room she paused briefly in front of leyna and adri . 
 ` this pain must run its course . 
 you will survive it . ' 
 within moments she was gone . 
 keno pulled the blanket from the floor and draped it back over the sleeping witch . 
 the new high witch . 
 carrta gazed out of the window and watched every second as the priestess moved back out of the city , the gates closing behind her . 
 he was awed as he saw the silent , separated particles of the army reunite into their entire bodies , and slump , unconscious to the ground . 
 ` we must hurry . 
 before the armies wake , ' the kettar said softly . 
 carrta moved past leyna and adri without another word . 
 leyna nodded to adri , who had begun to weep again , and curling both her arms tightly around one of his , she rested her head against him and led him from the room . 
 then something just as important hit keno . 
 the mystical sicknesses , the necromancer 's hold ... they were over . 
 in haste he kissed yesmi 's forehead and sped from the room . 
 his heart pounded as he launched himself down the great staircase and bounded to the rear of the palace . 
 his own breath was the only sound he heard as he ran for his life through the dirty streets , following the same route he always did , and spun round the corner of the familiar street . 
 he pounded on the door , gasping for breath , bending over to allow the air in . 
 moments later yuna pulled the door open and without a word she moved aside , allowing keno to dart indoors and to the room at the far end . 
 but he stopped dead before entering . 
 what if this , what if that was all that swirled in his head . 
 he turned to yuna who had closed the door silently , and she rested herself against the wall . 
 she sighed lightly and nodded to her son . 
 keno gripped the door frame and forced himself forward into the room . 
 yuna had replaced the candle , which now burned brightly and pulled the curtains slightly , obscuring his view of the sick man on the bed . 
 but as he moved forward he saw the twinkle of eyes on the bed before him , and kneeling next to the bed , the strained smile of his father and the thin hand reaching out . 
 he took it immediately , kissing the frail fingers and wept at the bedside , his mother drawing close behind him and rubbing his shoulders supportively . 
 ` welcome back . ' 
 murray . 
 dead . 
 he lay on the death altar in the palace state room . 
 he was dressed in ceremonial clothes that were stored in the palace trunks deep in the basement : almost regal but highly simplistic . 
 gifts and candles surrounded him as was usual for the death of a citizen . 
 the others who had lost their lives by lorosa were laid out nearby . 
 keno had arranged it all , adri unable to speak on the matter and cora comforting him , blaming herself , justifying her self-hatred . 
 but it was only leyna who was in the room now , pressed hard against the wall , her eyes searching every inch of him , staring , silent , lost . 
 keeping a firm gaze on the body , she sidled along the wall , reaching the other side of the room , where she found herself standing directly behind his head . 
 she took a step forward , the slight breeze of her movement flickering the candles at her sides . 
 she took another . 
 and another . 
 but as she reached within a few spans of him , she stopped herself . 
 confusion swept her face . 
 he looked so peaceful , so calm - just sleeping . 
 she reached out her hand , her fingers hovering over his head . 
 she could n't feel the breath that used to fill his lungs , nor hear the noise as the air travelled in and out of them . 
 his eyes did n't flicker with dream-sleep , nor did he mumble as she had heard so many nights through the walls in the carpenter 's rooms . 
 her fingers curled back . 
 ` you 're not there anymore , ' she whispered , for fear of waking him . 
 ` are you ? ' 
 her fingers lowered just enough to brush his lips , but jerked back when she did n't feel the softness she had felt through his kiss . 
 they were cold and stiff . 
 they would never smile again . 
 ` what use is it if you ca n't choose when it stops working ? ' 
 she looked over his pale face , brushing her hand lightly through his dark hair . 
 ` i do n't understand . 
 is life just a punishment before death ? 
 something to tease us , so it can be stolen away ? ' 
 she pondered on all those things she had read from meline of ffremettr , her anger rising . 
 ` why did you promise me those things ? 
 i 'll never be able to stop thinking of you when i look at it . ' 
 leyna walked quietly around the altar , her fingers flowing along the fabric of those odd clothes , her heart leaping as she wished that his hand would curl around hers as she reached the edge of his sleeve . 
 it did n't . 
 ` maybe they thought your clothes were n't good enough to be buried in . 
 i thought they were fine . 
 they did n't honour you like this when you were alive . 
 it 's so strange . 
 they 're going to take you home they said . 
 to targu . 
 it 's not your home . 
 rayan 's your home . ' 
 she knelt down next to him . 
 her voice dropped to a low , private tone . 
 ` do you think it would have been our home ? ' 
 she felt tears rising in her eyes and a lump in her throat as she looked about the chamber . 
 ` why could n't they have done a better job and gotten rid of us all instead of making us live with this ? 
 look at all these things . 
 from people who never even knew you . 
 they would n't be here if you were still - ' she would n't say it . 
 she could n't bring herself to believe it . 
 ` here , ' she said , removing the little warrior pendant she had made back in rayan and placing it under his cold fingers . 
 ` you should have this . 
 you gave me a gift , so i should give you one . ' 
 she rested her head on the altar near his hands , willing him to reach over , to touch her ... ` i suppose i 'm being punished for being selfish . 
 i 'll try and change . 
 but does it matter ? ' 
 did she really believe that this was all her fault ? 
 all because people were already bound when born to be self-interested until they crossed ? 
 ` i should go . 
 they 'll come and get you soon . ' 
 leyna pulled herself from the cold floor and wandered to the door , gripping the handle but unable to turn it . 
 ` i 'm coming to targu though , so ... ' adri flashed in her mind . 
 he was now destined to not only visit his parents at targu , but his brother too , though he would never speak another word to any of them . 
 if anyone was being punished , surely that man had borne the brunt . 
 she turned back to the cold , silent body of the only man she could ever imagine loving . 
 ` i hope it was n't painful for too long . 
 i 'm so sorry . ' 
 with a stale heart leyna turned the handle and walked from the room . 
 it felt as if she had left everything she had ever felt within those cold walls , ready and waiting to decay like murray kile 's body . 
 it was only when the sun began to rise and illuminate the land that the full extent of human damage could be estimated . 
 the citizens of matara had assisted in binding the hands of the mataran warriors , and the lisser army had gathered the dead of both armies , the bodies laid respectfully outside the city . 
 the prisoners were stood outside the city ready for justice to be handed out . 
 but cora , wandering along the ranks with imarko , knew that when the time for retribution came it would be also be her amongst them . 
 it had been eight tanes since she 'd seen those shameful , dirtied faces up close and recognised some of them as they did her . 
 their eyes shone bright but filled with worry as they set them upon their queen again , knowing well the depths of their betrayal against their city . 
 then cora came upon one who had , unlike her , never given up in the fight against the usurper . 
 ` kurayne ? ' 
 she whispered . 
 kurayne raised his gaze to her , saddened to see her sorrowful eyes upon him , tied like a common traitor . 
 she pulled her dagger and cut his bonds immediately . 
 ` i know what you did . 
 strong , loyal warrior . 
 you shall be honoured as you deserve . ' 
 kurayne shook his head lightly , his expression purely thankful for seeing her back in the city and victorious . 
 he took her hands in his own and knelt slowly , kissing them in respect . 
 ` my queen , your grace , all the honour we have is before us . ' 
 kurayne bowed his head ; the imprisoned ranks followed his example , bending to one knee and bowing their heads . 
 ` please ... ' cora pleaded , ` do n't ... there 's no need ... ' but they continued , until her entire army was on its knees . 
 except for the leader who stood , defiant at the end . 
 premo had been standing with a sneer on his face the entire time , eyes locked on carrta who had not submitted to his gaze , but met it equally . 
 ` queen corana , ' carrta said sternly across the stale air . 
 she recognised instantly the question he asked from the solemnity of his gaze at the former king . 
 cora looked over at her mother 's fene , then to imarko . 
 he would not make the decision for her . 
 he nodded respectfully for her to choose . 
 carrta had his hand on his hilt , ready to do the deed . 
 adri was n't there . 
 he had spent every moment of the time after iyenesur had left with murray . 
 cora thought of murray . 
 of herself . 
 of rayan and targu . 
 of keno 's father and the mataran and lisser dead . 
 she looked to carrta ; shook her head - no blood would be spilt this sun . 
 this was now only a time for mercy . 
 the kettar understood , removing his grip and instead took a hot poker from a small fire by the perimeter wall . 
 he stalked over to premo , gripping tightly the handle and staring intently at his foe . 
 ` those who throw their people into war must be the first to pick up the sword . ' 
 moments later premo was gripped by two strong kiseran warriors , who held him firmly . 
 the kettar pressed the poker against premo 's forehead , the burning smell escaping into his nostrils and the searing sound echoing in the silence . 
 premo tried to avoid screaming , breathing heavily and measured to fight the pain . 
 but even that king could not hold it in for long , and he let out a roar of pain through gritted teeth . 
 carrta pulled the poker away , throwing it to the side . 
 premo sucked in desperate breaths , bending over to level the pain . 
 when premo looked back up all could see the mark left behind : the ffremettrn symbol for death . 
 all who saw him would know what this man brought to their doors . 
 ` does it hurt ? ' 
 premo gasped intermittently . 
 ` does it hurt taking orders from a deserter ? ' 
 he looked up to carrta with an amused sneer on his lips . 
 carrta sharply pulled his knife from its sheath . 
 he grabbed premo 's collar and yanked him to his feet . 
 spinning the fallen king round , carrta swiftly cut the bonds of his hands and pulled him back round to face him . 
 ` you helped me , kisera . 
 remember that . 
 we are kin . ' 
 premo grunted in surprise . 
 carrta 's knife was sharply into his side , swiftly withdrawn again . 
 not deep enough to kill , not shallow enough to heal quickly . 
 carrta leaned in close to the usurper . 
 ` you are in exile from this moment . 
 i would run . ' 
 premo held his wound tightly , sneering back . 
 then , he smirked at his capturers , moving his gaze firmly upon cora , and finally turning to the north , towards ffremettr , his former home and new place of condemnation . 
 he began to limp away , breath heavy , but life intact - for now . 
 the sun was low in the sky , glinting off the calm water of the sea , when the low funeral carriage was rolled out of the gates . 
 the funeral pyres for the mataran dead were still glowing with embers on the beach below , as the tide gradually snuck towards them to carry the ashes away . 
 the lisser dead had been placed on the huge wagons the army had brought with them , ready to be given the funeral rites on the tribal grounds . 
 but for now the procession waited to take only one body back to targu . 
 murray was laid with only the thinnest of decorations - there had n't been live flowers in matara for a long time so yesmi had produced some decorative , but unfortunately bland , ones . 
 nevertheless , murray was covered in a soft cloth of noble colours on keno 's request , for his bravery and assistance to their queen , and his relation to her lufene . 
 the city undertaker said the mataran rites to honour the body before removal from the city and to keep it safe on the journey . 
 as he passed the carriage , he pulled the pendant leyna had left from murray 's fingers and into the small offerings bowl . 
 leyna saw it happen . 
 she felt sick and angry that he had felt he could remove something that was n't his to remove . 
 but she said nothing . 
 when the bodies were loaded and the cortege assembled outside the gates , the larisien leaders said their farewells . 
 the dead would have to be cremated in the lisser boundary within the tensun in accordance with larisien tradition to ensure the souls had enough time to cross into alacaethe . 
 the kiseran wagons , too , were to return to their city led by tavolo . 
 the families of the dead would have their chance to say goodbye . 
 tavolo had a quiet word with his kettar before moving the wagons and the remaining army away . 
 carrta and verlanē were to accompany the small funeral procession to targu , the kiseran belief in respect for the dead not their own heightened in the cold season . 
 or at least that 's what everyone had assumed . 
 regardless , they would see this body to its rest . 
 yesmi , having awoken not long before the procession had gathered , wrapped her arms around cora , the blood between them never to be tainted , no matter the consequences when cora returned from targu . 
 she would never leave the city ; she would never risk something like the former eight tanes to repeat , and so she and keno were to stay behind and begin to remedy their home . 
 keno found it harder to embrace cora . 
 he felt guilt and shame - not unlike what she had been going through - for his judgement of her . 
 he was a minister ; he should have waited for the facts , no matter how long . 
 though , she pulled him close , happy to have her friends near , and hoping an embrace could brush this truth before them away . 
 it did n't . 
 thirty-three targu kertia had been standing watch when he saw them . 
 he called for the gates to open and it was only upon exiting the village that he saw who accompanied the rayan few . 
 and who was not walking with them . 
 ` adri ? ' 
 where is murray ? 
 kertia wanted to ask . 
 but it was painfully obvious . 
 even on horseback the travel to targu had been long and adri could bear it no longer . 
 his legs gave in and he thudded to the ground . 
 cora grasped him tightly in her arms and stayed with him as the undertaker moved the carriage into the village . 
 imarko followed , drawing kertia with him . 
 he would tell them all . 
 the crowds within the village had already gathered , and the remaining rayan villagers felt tears fall when imarko told them the news . 
 but it was n't just them - the targuans held this young man close to their hearts too . 
 he was born one of them . 
 and now he would be reunited with their earth . 
 adri forced himself to his feet , cora 's arm wrapped tightly around him , and they entered targu . 
 kertia was the first to embrace his friend . 
 no words were needed . 
 carrta entered the city quietly , keeping a distance to avoid raising interest in himself or verlanē . 
 after whispering something to verlanē who led leyna deeper into the village , he slid silently to partreek , drawing the warrior aside . 
 partreek 's hand shot up in salute almost immediately , eyes wide . 
 he did n't know the face , but he recognised the badge as all prenitian warriors would . 
 ` kettar kisera ? ' 
 ` at ease , warrior . 
 what is your name ? ' 
 even though the men were around the same age of thirty or so tanes , partreek would have been more at ease knee-deep in poisonous rayan vine . 
 ` partreek rayad , kettar . ' 
 ` have your people been treated satisfactorily by the targuans , warrior rayad ? ' 
 carrta asked under his breath . 
 ` they have been more than kind . ' 
 carrta nodded , satisfied . 
 ` kettar ... how did you come to help us ? ' 
 ` corana will explain everything after the funeral . ' 
 carrta went silent in contemplation . 
 ` warrior rayad . 
 where is the mayor ? ' 
 it was n't long before carrta was stood silently before rydan in the mayor 's quarters . 
 the air was thick with discomfort , rydan never having been in the presence of a tribal warlord of the calibre that stood before him . 
 this man was one that people questioned the existence of for his name already flowed mythically across the land . 
 moments later cora entered , only at that instant remembering her promise to targu in the desperation that led her home . 
 but whatever she was expecting from the following conversation was not what occurred . 
 ` first , you will apologise . ' 
 rydan almost smiled , until he saw the look on the kettar 's face . 
 it was aimed at him ! 
 ` apologise ? ' 
 rydan tried to sneer , but feared he would not suffer this meeting gladly if he did . 
 ` you endangered your people by refusing to help this warrior and her kin . 
 she risked her life to assist your village and the fact that you are still here tells me she was successful in her intentions . ' 
 ` excuse me , kettar kisera , ' rydan said , standing , ` but this woman deserted her own city and caused this war on innocent people herself . ' 
 ` but imarko lar fusa and murray kile did not , ' carrta growled . 
 ` and they still found it within themselves to risk their lives for someone who did not give the same courtesy . ' 
 rydan sat back down . 
 who was he to argue with carrta kisera ? 
 not only was he exceptionally frightening , but he was also right . 
 ` apologise . ' 
 rydan met cora 's eyes . 
 ` warrior - queen corana . 
 i am sorry , ' he said dully . 
 ` i apologise for not assisting you when you requested , even though i did ... later on . ' 
 his next sentence rang more truthful . 
 ` and i am sorry for your loss . ' 
 the queen nodded once , lightly . 
 ` i understand there are provisions to your agreement . ' 
 rydan , avoiding carrta 's focus , nodded . 
 ` matara and kisera are now allies , which makes kisera and targu the same . ' 
 then rydan stared . 
 he knew what this would mean . 
 ` you have my word you shall have what you have been promised . ' 
 carrta turned abruptly , heading out of the room . 
 as cora caught him up , he turned back briefly to rydan who was already stunned into silence . 
 ` if i hear that you have foolishly risked the lives of your people again , mayor rydan , i shall return personally to assist in the removal of you from your seat . ' 
 cora followed the kettar and they emerged back into the village . 
 already there were people preparing the materials for the funeral pyre , carrying them outside the village to the funeral stone . 
 ` carrta ... ' she began . 
 but truly she did n't know what to say . 
 he waited . 
 ` this is my doing . 
 perhaps i did n't lead premo to his actions but i allowed him the unchallenged freedom to commit them . 
 what you 're doing is ... beyond anything that you are bound to do for us through the code . ' 
 ` when you came to my tribe eight tanes ago , ' he replied quickly , ` you requested my silence in your escape . 
 i should have refused but i did n't . 
 i should have made a different choice , not waited this long . ' 
 an old shame filled his eyes . 
 ` we can not take back our mistakes . 
 we can merely attempt to ease the suffering of those who are victim to them . 
 that is what truly binds us . 
 and forever will . ' 
 he saluted her and left . 
 she watched him go . 
 the leader of a tribe had saved her lufene and given the lives of his people to her cause . 
 who had given her sanctuary and saved her city . 
 probably the most powerful leader in the land . 
 her ally . 
 leyna stared at the funeral pyre . 
 her fingers dug deeply into the coat in her hands . 
 it was murray 's . 
 he 'd worn it during the entire time she 'd known him . 
 it was almost part of his skin . 
 she could n't let it go . 
 the other mourners surrounding the pyre , built above the hole in which it was about to be reduced to ash , were distant to her . 
 they had their own grief . 
 but how could they know what it really felt like ? 
 none of them had been close to him . 
 none had shared in his dreams and his wishes . 
 in his kisses . 
 the only two others that could bear any understanding of this loss stood together , embraced , sharing their grief with each other . 
 cora , who had had to face up to the horrendous crime against her , and adri . 
 adri , who had merely obeyed his brother 's wishes to find leyna - to save her - now had been handed his future cut into pieces . 
 if not for cora , he too would be completely alone . 
 but he was n't . 
 it was leyna who was alone and even in the time previous , before she had ever set eyes on that young targuan , she had never felt it more so . 
 her new reality sent a shiver through her body that was followed by a forceful shaking . 
 tears , hot , painful tears boiled within her and erupted from her eyes . 
 her legs gave way , and with no-one to catch her , she fell to the ground . 
 she wept with heavy convulsions , without control , with a deep tear ripping through her heart . 
 all that strength she thought she had found , all that balance she had acquired was now devoid . 
 her fist beat the ground in anger , she felt herself screaming at the pyre , but not in blame . 
 she wanted to tell him she did n't want to be here without him , she could n't survive after all that had passed . 
 she had never felt anything so painful in all her life . 
 it would never end , it would never , ever end . 
 she screamed for mercy . 
 then she buried her face within the material that was gradually emptying itself of murray 's scent and wept softly in despair . 
 none of the other mourners came to her to comfort her . 
 not even adri . 
 until only one could bear it no longer . 
 one whose strong hands grasped leyna 's shoulders , who grip raised her from the ground and held her there on her feet . 
 whose body supported her as she struggled to remain tall as they both faced the pyre , its scaffold beginning to falter . 
 it was carrta . 
 he knew what it was to grieve . 
 and he remained as leyna 's support as the pyre was lit . 
 as the rituals were passed . 
 as the mourners dispersed . 
 it was n't until leyna had emptied herself of tears that he let his glance pass to adri . 
 adri was being comforted by the small group of rayan warriors . 
 he had not attempted to talk to her , or even looked at leyna during the entire ceremony . 
 perhaps he could n't find the strength , the newness of everything between them ripped apart by a mutual loss . 
 in part it was understandable , but carrta knew it was also a callous ignorance of someone who had saved his life and was in desperate need of a familiar shoulder . 
 carrta gently drew leyna , who put up no protest , from the burial site , keeping a grip on her as he led them to the kiseran horses . 
 with an exchange that verlanē understood completely , he assisted leyna onto verlanē 's horse . 
 as leyna subconsciously curled her arms around the warrior , the coat that had been practically glued to her fingers slipped from her lap ; carrta caught it mid-fall , and pushed it back into her hands . 
 she pressed it between herself and verlanē , once again holding tightly to the rider . 
 without another look back carrta mounted his horse and led his small party from targu . 
 adri forced himself away from the small group offering condolences , and turned , expectant to where he had last seen leyna . 
 she was not there . 
 he watched as she was taken away by the kiserans , with his brother 's coat rested on her lap . 
 realisation darkened his eyes . 
 his heart broke . 
 he may never see her again . 
 and there was nothing he could do . 
 thirty-four preludes telena closed the book . 
 the library was quiet . 
 it was early . 
 where she was sat underneath the booth table she could see the thin streaks of sunlight poking under the curtain . 
 it felt different though . 
 not like any other sun - more like a brand new one . 
 crawling out slowly from the booth , holding the book close to her chest she wandered back into the main room . 
 she slid the first chronicle back onto the empty space that beckoned on the shelf , and she just stood there , gazing after it . 
 the door creaked as aznee opened up . 
 ` telena ! 
 how did you get in here ? 
 have you been here all night ? ' 
 she nodded . 
 ` finished ? ' 
 he asked , knowing that look . 
 she nodded again . 
 aznee piled the collection of papers he had been carrying on his desk . 
 ` well ? ' 
 she turned to him with a squint . 
 ` is it really our history ? ' 
 he smiled but replied with a non-committal , ` i like to believe it is . ' 
 ` has anything ever been found ? ' 
 ` there are rumours . 
 i even tried looking once . ' 
 she shot over to him , mouth agape . 
 ` when ? ' 
 ` oh , tanes ago . 
 when you were very young . 
 i did n't find anything . 
 but i did n't go very far . ' 
 telena 's mind was whirring then . 
 what if there were things in the next books that told her something more ? 
 that gave the hint of how to find the remnants of these stories ? 
 something she could use to chase old prenitia ? 
 ` can i start the next one ? ' 
 she beamed , expecting ` yes ' . 
 ` soon . ' 
 defiantly telena moved to the bookshelf , winding herself up to start anyway . 
 but this time she did n't touch . 
 there were things she had to allow time for . 
 understanding . 
 appreciation . 
 contemplation . 
 ` soon , ' she whispered to herself , this time happy to allow some time for those people in those pages to rest . 
 and quietly she walked to the door . 
 ` aznee ? ' 
 he settled comfortably into his seat . 
 ` yes ? ' 
 ` after everything leyna and adri went through , how could she leave him ? ' 
 aznee forced himself to suppress a smile . 
 he turned , respectfully to his sister . 
 ` how could she not ? ' 
 telena pondered for only a moment then left the library . 
 in the glorious sunshine , the young girl hopped up the steps to the roof of the library . 
 she walked slowly , breathing in the fresh morning air , and leaned against the small wall . 
 in the yellow light powdering the country , it no longer looked so sparse and so empty . 
 it was suddenly vibrant . 
 it was suddenly mysterious . 
 she unrolled the freshly drawn map in her hands , and knew that one sun it would all be hers for the taking . 
 watching her closely from the balcony of a crumbling tenement nearby , that old woman . 
 she had seen that look telena had in many an eye in the past ; wanting , needing , searching . 
 but in telena 's she saw something much more potent . 
 something that would reach far beyond this tiny place and the secrets it had buried within . 
 absolution . 
 not just for prenitia ; for all the world . 
 selected words from meline 's dictionary of prenitian language alacaemire old prenitian -lrb- absorbed into modern language -rrb- . 
 the soul 's reside . 
 according to meline , where the human soul is ` waiting ' to be invited into alacaethe , until the time it deserves to enter . 
 alacaethe old prenitian -lrb- absorbed into modern language -rrb- . 
 the soul 's rest . 
 according to meline , the true place for human souls , when worthy . 
 anatersa goddess of creation . 
 brunte kiseran . 
 a speciality juice made from several fruits in the torc mountain range locality . 
 caba muffins bread-style rounds made from the grain ecaba . 
 cepa an antiseptic weed , common near rivers or water sources . 
 corl a type of popular wild fish . 
 cuisun a moonturn at the very height of tane , named of the god of death/passing cuisuand . 
 deets targuan . 
 a derogatory word for children . 
 deris oil from the deris plant , toxic and deadly . 
 dethres old prenitian -lrb- absorbed into modern language -rrb- . 
 a type of poisonous vine used to create toxins . 
 used in diluted quantities dethres can be used as an antiseptic . 
 drenel a huge animal common in ffremettr with enormous tusks . 
 fai ana old prenitian -lrb- absorbed into modern language -rrb- a saying meaning ` ana keep you ' . 
 ana is anatersa , goddess of creation . 
 fene a person in union . 
 ffremettr the empire in the north of prenitia . 
 most would say a separate country entirely . 
 ffremettr grass a type of leaf used to calm or soothe . 
 strong doses are used by magicians -lrb- and others -rrb- in rituals . 
 grabe a type of tree excellent for creating paper . 
 hala taya -lrb- hataya -rrb- kiseran . 
 a greeting used as for all occasions . 
 hataya is an informal use . 
 hap grain a multi-use , mild-tasting grain popular in many dishes . 
 hansun the beginning of mahrken , named of the goddess of mahrken hansheca the closest moon , named of the goddess of mahrken . 
 hena prenitar old prenitian -lrb- absorbed into modern language -rrb- . 
 prenitia in the time before the dark age . 
 kama a type of grain used mainly for bread . 
 kama bread bread made from nuts and dried fruit . 
 kettar kiseran -lrb- though absorbed into prenitian general use -rrb- . 
 meaning ` lord ' . 
 kura a wooden six stringed instrument popular in prenitia . 
 kyē kettar kiseran meaning ` my lord ' . 
 a customary greeting in kisera to the kettar . 
 mid/high/low-sun denotes positions for the sun and night when the sun rises from its lowest point to its hottest . 
 shorter in mahrken . 
 lufene a lover or partner , but not in union . 
 mahrken the cold season , or season of death . 
 mesenara a mystical -lrb- mythical -rrb- plant known for its healing qualities . 
 mid-sun denotes units of time from sunrise to mid-sun . 
 shorter in mahrken . 
 mento a meeting place moonturn the timespan in tane consisting of ten waxing and waning cycles of moon , hansheca , each named of a prenitian god . 
 morah an intelligent , if not smelly animal that is bred frequently for food . 
 round a short unit of time within the sun . 
 e.g. there is one round between sunrise and mid-one . 
 sleen long , slithering creatures , of which some are poisonous . 
 sorla a fine type of tree that produces beautiful and quality wood . 
 popular with the rich . 
 suela lisseran a title for a female in lisser whose status is unknown . 
 tane the long , hot season . 
 all moonturns are encompassed under this name , though there are two distinct seasons . 
 venny * 1 widely used grain . 
 most common in the making of venny , vensa and other drinks . 
 venny * 2 soft drink made of the venny grain . 
 vensa potent drink made from the venny grain . 
 vensana a type of inn producing mainly venny-based drinks . 
 wisco a vegetable stew , often spiced . 
 yares a type of leaf most commonly used for tea . 
 thank you ! 
 for my readers the biggest thanks goes out . 
 your time is precious and spending it delving into my story is hugely appreciated . 
 massive thanks go out to ralph thompson who designed the stunning -lrb- stunning ! -rrb- 
 new cover . 
 absolutely head over to http://www.ralphtart.co.uk and check out his other amazing work . 
 *** if you enjoyed vultures , you can leave ratings and reviews on smashwords or goodreads . 
 i 'm working on the follow-up , volume # 2 in of preludes & epitaphs , sanctuary , due in 2015 , and i hope you 'll keep an eye out for it . 
 you can do this at : my website : http://www.jessicaotoole.me.uk my twitter : @joapostrophet my facebook fan page : or just drop me an email at jot@jessicaotoole.me.uk see you in 2015 ! 
 about the author jessica o'toole is a storyteller , castle lover and tea addict . 
 when she 's not making things up to add to humanity 's box of made-up things , she 's probably admiring a castle somewhere , reading about michael faraday or having cream tea , thinking about making things up . 
 after falling in love with the 14th century in her teens she embarked on a hefty cycle/camping trip around england exploring castles , cathedrals , circles of stone and caves . 
 she ventured further across the world in the years following , but the uk and its permanently enduring history and myth had always been a fascination and firmly in her heart . 
 currently she 's enjoying life in an english national park , composing a musical on her trossingen lyre -lrb- named heldris -rrb- and munching salmiakki . 
 this is her first novel . 
