 in the face of darkness sarah dell copyright © 2013 sarah dell all rights reserved . 
 dedication to kacy , without your support and encouragement this book would still just be a thought in my head . 
 prologue trevor caligari wiped the blood from his face . 
 he had never shot a man before and he had n't anticipated the mess it would make . 
 he could already feel a headache forming in the back of his head from all the screaming . 
 the screaming was coming from his secretary who had barged into his office after hearing the gun shot . 
 mrs. malory had been the secretary for his predecessor for over twenty years . 
 caligari imagined that she only stayed on because she did n't know what else to do . 
 he knew she was n't loyal to him . 
 `` mrs. malory '' he said hoping that she would finally stop screaming . 
 he watched as mrs. malory did her best to compose herself as she walked out of his small office . 
 she gathered her things from her desk and let the office door slam behind her as she left . 
 caligari smiled . 
 she would take the rest of the day off to tell everyone on the island about what happened and be back at her desk in the morning . 
 mrs. malory lived for a good piece of gossip and he gave her plenty of that . 
 he was going to do this job his way , and he wanted everyone to know it . 
 at thirty , he was the youngest leader in the history of the brotherhood . 
 there were those who disagreed with his appointment , but the council who put him in charge understood that he was the only one willing to do what needed to be done . 
 there were hard decisions that needed to be made , decisions none of the senior members were able to make . 
 caligari knew that his predecessors believed themselves to be pious and the brotherhood to be a pure organization . 
 the official mission of the brotherhood was to rid the world of evil , but he knew that there was more to the brotherhood . 
 he was far from pious and he knew that ridding the world of evil was impossible . 
 the best the brotherhood could do was put up a good fight . 
 caligari had seen true evil , and he would make sure that evil did n't get a foot hold in the world . 
 to do this , he would be forced to not only tolerate the existence of other evils , but become an ally of those evils . 
 this was not going to be a popular view , and soon he would have to weed out any brothers who would choose to stand in his way . 
 caligari stared at the blood spatter on the walls of his office and sighed ; he was going to have to find someone to clean up this mess . 
 it was an old tradition to kill a brother who failed a mission . 
 you either completed your mission or you died trying . 
 he could n't recall it being done in his lifetime , but the circumstances justified the punishment . 
 one of the biggest problems with the brotherhood is that they care too much about honor and traditions . 
 the families of the founding members are treated like royalty . 
 the body sitting in front of him was a descendant of a founding member , which was why he was given the mission of finding the girl . 
 a picture ... caligari laughed . 
 he had brought back a picture . 
 he had gotten close enough to take a picture , but he still let her get away . 
 caligari had n't planned on killing the man , but he had come into his office and laid the picture down on his desk like it was some kind of prize . 
 caligari did n't need a picture . 
 he needed the girl . 
 caligari did n't feel sorry for the dead man . 
 he had been given every opportunity to succeed , but he had still failed . 
 caligari had n't been given any opportunities ; he had taken them . 
 caligari looked up when he heard the door to the antechamber open . 
 he was expecting his second meeting of the day . 
 he hoped that this meeting would go better than the last . 
 matthias sawyer was not a popular member of the brotherhood . 
 like every other brother but himself , matthias was bound by blood to the brotherhood . 
 matthias had not grown up on the island like most of the brothers , but the blood bond brought him back . 
 matthias was a descendant of one of the founding members , and the blood bond that was passed down to him had made the choice for him . 
 due to his lack of popularity , matthias was sent out on less important missions . 
 however , unlike the dead man before him , mathias had completed all his missions . 
 caligari knew matthias would do anything to be released from his blood bond . 
 he saw matthias for what he was ; a valuable asset and he knew just the incentive matthias needed to succeed at his last mission . 
 caligari had no time to worry about what the others in the brotherhood would think ; the girl needed to be found . 
 he rose as matthias strode into the office . 
 `` brother matthias , i have been looking forward to meeting you . 
 i would ask you to sit down , but my only chair is occupied at the moment '' caligari motioned to the lifeless body . 
 `` is that sturmer ? '' 
 matthias 's face remained expressionless as he looked at the dead body . 
 `` yes , i shot him because he failed a mission . 
 you know our law '' caligari said . 
 `` yes , but i was n't aware that law was being carried out '' matthias said . 
 `` it is now . 
 i know you are wondering why i have asked you to meet me here '' caligari changed the topic from the dead sturmer . 
 `` do you know this girl ? '' 
 caligari held the picture so matthias could see it . 
 `` no '' matthias said . 
 caligari saw the small change in matthias 's face before he could hide it . 
 caligari knew that he was lying . 
 his research indicated matthias had lived in the same area as the girl before coming to the brotherhood . 
 `` lying to me is not in your best interest '' caligari said . 
 `` she died '' matthias said softly . 
 `` sturmer took this picture last week '' caligari said . 
 `` that 's impossible '' matthias said . 
 `` is it ? '' 
 caligari waited for matthias to understand his meaning . 
 the girl would n't be the first member of the undead matthias had been asked to track down . 
 `` do you think you can find her ? '' 
 caligari asked . 
 `` yes '' matthias said . 
 `` good . 
 because if you complete this mission for me i 'll give you the one thing in this world that you want ; i 'll give you your freedom '' caligari knew this was just the motivation he needed . 
 `` no one has ever been allowed to leave the brotherhood '' matthias said . 
 `` there are going to be a lot of firsts now that i 'm in charge '' caligari said . 
 `` i bring you the girl and you release me from the brotherhood '' matthias repeated . 
 `` that 's what i 'm offering you , and i 'd prefer not to have to make another mess in my office '' caligari said as watched matthias leave . 
 chapter 1 as i stood over my own grave i realized that i had wasted my time coming here . 
 when i had imagined this moment i thought i would remember what it was like to be human . 
 i thought i would realize that my humanity was worth fighting for . 
 but , seeing my name etched in stone only made me want to give up the fight even more . 
 i sighed ; at least i had an answer to my question , even if it was n't the answer i wanted . 
 it was silly of me to think seeing my grave would change anything . 
 it really was n't a grave since i was n't in it ; it was just a plot of ground . 
 i desperately wanted to feel human and remember the person that i used to be . 
 i would n't have come to my grave at all if it was n't for my father . 
 his grave was next to mine . 
 technically , he was n't in his grave either , but it felt good to have a place to visit him . 
 he had died in a fire . 
 i was n't sure what was buried here and i did n't need to know . 
 i thought visiting my father 's grave would make me feel human , but it did n't . 
 most of my human memories had faded , but i remember the night my father died . 
 it was the same night i became a vampire . 
 i woke up in the middle of the night to a wall of flames . 
 i tried to get to my father 's room , but the flames were blocking my path . 
 soon , the smoke was so thick i could n't breathe . 
 i must have passed out because the next thing i remember is waking up as a vampire . 
 endora told me she had seen the flames engulfing the house . 
 she rescued me from the fire by turning me into a vampire , but she could n't do the same for my father . 
 `` it 's a bit morbid to visit your own grave '' i heard a voice that stirred memories hidden so deep inside my mind that i had almost forgotten they existed . 
 i turned around and watched him step out from behind the trunk of a sweet gum tree . 
 seeing matthias sawyer brought me back to a day that came rushing back to me in a flash . 
 i was sixteen and in love , a time before i knew about vampires . 
 it was a tuesday and we had a test in history . 
 it had been a normal day until it was n't . 
 i have n't seen him since becoming a vampire . 
 i always wondered what had happened to him . 
 i assumed he thought that i was dead . 
 i wondered if he cried at my funeral ; or if he ever thought of me . 
 it had been ten years and he had changed in ways that i could not have imagined . 
 he looked older than he was . 
 he was looking at me like he did n't know me ; and he did n't know me , i thought . 
 i was n't the girl he used to know . 
 he was right ; it was morbid of me to come here . 
 i would n't have taken the risk if i had thought anyone would be here . 
 but , i had taken the risk coming here , and now i was paying for it . 
 what was i going to say to him ? 
 sorry you thought i was dead , but i 'm actually a vampire . 
 there was no way of explaining that he would understand . 
 i looked at him ; he did n't seem the least bit surprised to find me here . 
 `` you look exactly the same , except for your hair '' he said . 
 i fingered the candy apple red hair that used to be the color of chocolate . 
 i did n't know what to say to him . 
 i did n't want him to see me like this . 
 i wanted him to remember me the way i was . 
 `` do you know how many times i visited your grave ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` how many times i sat here and told you my darkest secrets ? 
 if you had told me the day you died that there was something worse i would n't have believed you '' he said . 
 `` i thought you dying was the worst thing i would have to go thru in my life , but i guess i was wrong . 
 now i have to see you as a vampire ... that 's worse '' he said . 
 `` you know what i am ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i should have felt something from his words , but i did n't . 
 if those words could n't make me feel anything then nothing would . 
 `` yes '' he said . 
 `` you know about vampires ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yeah , i 've killed several '' he said . 
 `` are you here to kill me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i wondered if this is how it ends . 
 endora saves me from a fire so that ten years later the love of my life can kill me . 
 `` no , i 'm here to save you '' he said as if he were delivering the punch line of a joke . 
 i let out a small laugh . 
 if he thought he could save me then the joke was on him . 
 `` save me from what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i may be walking around with a new hair color , but that does n't change the fact that i died in that fire '' i told him . 
 `` you ca n't save me from being a vampire '' i told him . 
 `` you 're wrong . 
 i can take you somewhere where you can be free '' he said . 
 `` i 'm giving you another option , and i suggest you take it '' . 
 `` i can never be free '' i said . 
 `` i 'm not the girl you used to know , and i can never be her again '' i said . 
 `` it would be better if you thought of me as dead '' i said . 
 `` i do think of you as being dead . 
 i loved a girl with soft brown hair and eyes that were always smiling . 
 you 're just a vampire who looks like the girl i loved ; but you can be that girl again . 
 if you come with me i can see her again '' he said . 
 `` that girl is gone '' i said . 
 his words could have given me hope if i had let them , but if this life had taught me anything it was to never believe in false hope . 
 hope only led to heartbreak , and i had already had too much heartbreak in my short life . 
 `` maybe you 're right , but if there is a chance i can have that girl back then i have to try , and i do n't care if you come willingly or not '' he said . 
 `` i ca n't go with you '' i said . 
 `` i 'm giving you a way out '' he moved closer to me so he could look down into my eyes . 
 `` you could be free ; i know this is not the life you want '' he said . 
 `` do you want to spend eternity cursed to walk the earth as a vampire ? 
 do you want to be a slave to the vampire who created you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you talk about things you ca n't understand . 
 you do n't understand how strong the blood bond between a vampire and their sire is . 
 there is no place i can be free . 
 there is no place that she wo n't find me . 
 i will only be free when i die , and for me that could be a long time '' i said . 
 i was talking about the blood bond that was formed between endora and me when she made me a vampire . 
 a blood bond between vampires was stronger than any human desire to be free . 
 the bond was sealed by a vampire 's first kill . 
 once i made my first kill i would n't have the desire to be free anymore . 
 after the first kill what was left of my humanity would be gone . 
 `` i did n't say leaving would be easy '' he said . 
 `` i ca n't leave with you , and you ca n't seek me out again . 
 just being near me is putting you in danger '' i told him . 
 `` you have to let me go . 
 you have to forget that i ever existed '' i told him . 
 `` you will come with me '' he said . 
 `` if you remember i do n't give up easily '' he said . 
 i smiled at the thoughts his words welled up inside me . 
 then i left him in the graveyard . 
 speed was a gift of being a vampire . 
 i moved faster than his eyes could see , so i knew he would n't follow me . 
 i hoped he would n't seek me out again , but i knew that he would . 
 he would n't give up . 
 a part of me was happy to see him again , but i knew that any proximity to me would only put him in danger . 
 i could n't bare it if anything happened to him because of me . 
 *** i breathed in the scent of honeysuckle and pine that hung thick in the air . 
 i had always thought summers in mississippi were hot and sticky , but now that i was a vampire i no longer noticed the heat or the cold . 
 it was like having a body temperature regulator on all the time . 
 the air seemed to be alive with the lazy chirp ... chirp ... chirp of crickets while lightning bugs flashed their yellowish , green lights giving the night an eerie feel . 
 lightning bugs reminded me of a simpler time , when i was a child , catching them in my hand and watching their lights flash . 
 i would release them and watch their lights flash on and off into the night . 
 the graveyard was part of the estate that sat on what is known as langley hill . 
 the langley family used to own all the land on and below the hill before they fell on hard times . 
 endora now owns the large house on the top of the hill known as the langley house . 
 the langley house is a two story house with a large front porch and greek style pillars . 
 the dark blue shutters framed the large front widows . 
 the lawns had gone into disarray in the ten years we had been gone . 
 endora did n't like to stay in one place too long . 
 as i walked up the hill i looked down towards the bottom where my house used to be . 
 in its place was an eyesore of a house that was painted bright blue . 
 as a child i used to look up the hill at the langley house . 
 i had been afraid of that house because i thought some sort of monster lived in it . 
 little did i know i was right , and now i was one of the monsters . 
 my room was on the second floor , which meant i had to scale the wall to enter through the window to avoid being caught by endora . 
 `` what happens if things do n't go well tonight ? '' 
 i stopped climbing when i heard the voice of santino vallario . 
 santino goes by the nickname tino . 
 he has two narrow gray eyes that remind me of two pieces of steel . 
 his thick , straight , black hair is slicked back . 
 the black pin striped suits he likes to wear showed off his tall , broad-shouldered build . 
 his skin has a light tan that comes from his italian background , not from the sun . 
 tino had been an enforcer for the mob in chicago until he had fallen for endora . 
 he had adjusted to this new life a lot better than i had . 
 i guess that a vampire clan was not much different than the mob . 
 i decided to sneak a look thru endora 's window . 
 i had n't been a rebellious teenager as a human and becoming a vampire had n't changed that . 
 i did n't know what would happen if i got caught , but curiosity got the better of me . 
 `` lily knows how important tonight is '' endora said . 
 she was sitting at the small vanity absently gazing at her reflection . 
 tino was pacing aimlessly behind her . 
 `` you could just let castor have her . 
 then it could just be the two of us again , and you would n't have to worry so much '' tino slid a hand down endora 's back as if he had every right to . 
 `` stop '' with that command tino 's hand jerked back as if it had a mind of its own . 
 tino 's face showed his frustration . 
 `` you know how important lily is to me . 
 i ca n't just hand her over to castor . 
 `` tell me how i can help '' tino said . 
 `` i just want tonight to be perfect '' she said . 
 `` do n't worry , it will be '' he said . 
 i crawled through the window i had left open and pushed my way thru the thick curtains . 
 my room was right next to endora 's , and it was papered in a light dusty rose with thick , dark pink curtains that blocked out the sun . 
 the comforter on the full sized bed was cream with pink roses . 
 i hated pink , but endora was convinced that any teenage girl would love such a girly room . 
 `` where were you ? '' 
 i turned to find tino waiting for me . 
 tino 's steel gray eyes bore into me with a practiced glare . 
 i did n't expect tino to leave endora 's room so quickly . 
 at least he had n't caught me eavesdropping . 
 `` i went for a walk . 
 i 'm allowed to go for walks '' i reminded him . 
 `` you should get dressed . 
 i laid out clothes for you ; it 's a big night . 
 are you ready ? '' 
 tino motioned towards the bed and i saw clothes laid out there . 
 `` if i said no would it matter '' i asked . 
 `` no '' he said . 
 i saw the clothes on the bed and i rolled my eyes . 
 tino had laid out black leather pants , a red sequin halter top , and black stilettos with red soles . 
 tino was not subtle . 
 giving tino his way with little things like what i wear let him think he was in control of me . 
 `` if you were a gentleman you would leave so i could change '' i said . 
 `` do n't worry , i wo n't look '' he said . 
 i fought the urge to roll my eyes again as he turned to face the window . 
 `` you 're too boney for my liking '' he said . 
 i knew i did n't have to worry about tino looking at me that way . 
 tino had been obsessed with endora since she turned him . 
 from what i could tell endora did n't return his affections . 
 i put on the leather pants and the red top . 
 then i brushed my candy red hair until it shone . 
 i might wear what tino wanted me to wear , but i was going to take my time getting ready . 
 i coated my eyelids with black eyeliner and used two coats of mascara . 
 i coated my lips with red lip stain . 
 i looked at my reflection in the mirror , but did n't recognize the image looking back at me . 
 when i was human i had dark brown hair and barely wore any makeup , but now that i was a vampire i put the makeup on in layers and i had dyed my hair bright red . 
 i did n't want to look the same because i was n't the same . 
 i was a ten year old vampire , but if i striped all the makeup and the bright hair away i would look the same as i did the day i died . 
 i would never age or change . 
 `` well , how do i look ? '' 
 i asked tino even though i did n't care what he thought . 
 `` i guess you 'll do '' he said . 
 chapter 2 `` you look beautiful '' endora was waiting for me at the bottom of the stairs . 
 endora had been turned during victorian england , and she still held herself with the pose and grace of that era . 
 her hooded emerald eyes shown with approval ; her pale blonde hair fell to her waist , undone as always . 
 she was wearing a dress with a neckline that showed off her cleavage ; i had never seen her wear pants . 
 like me she was young when she was turned into a vampire , but she had an elegance about her that gave her an ageless look . 
 `` she does clean up nicely '' tino said taking a lock of my hair and running it thru his fingers . 
 i wanted to pull away , but i knew that would only let him know he was getting to me . 
 instead , i smiled sweetly at him . 
 tino held on to his old fashioned views of women and endora held on to her warped victorian modesty . 
 i wondered what i would hold on to after the world had changed from what i knew . 
 `` where are we going tonight '' i asked after we all got into tino 's favorite black bmw . 
 we would travel faster without the car , but endora liked to arrive in style . 
 `` jackson '' tino said . 
 jackson was where we went when endora wanted to kill . 
 if people started going missing in laurel everyone would notice , but the much higher crime rate in jackson would cover our tracks . 
 normally we did n't kill because killing draws attention , and we did n't need to kill to survive . 
 tonight would be different . 
 not only would someone be killed , but i knew i would be doing the killing . 
 vampires did n't need to kill to survive , but it did serve as a vampire rite of passage , like a vampire bar mitzvah . 
 older vampires did n't accept a young vampire into their society until that first kill . 
 most young vampires made their first kill early on , but endora had n't seen the need for me to make a kill until recently . 
 before i knew it , the car was pulling up to the curb in front of the dive bar that was a popular vampire hunting ground . 
 `` this is where you get out '' tino said when i hesitated . 
 `` i had n't realized that we were here '' i said in a tone that i hoped sounded like i did n't care . 
 `` take your time '' he added in a bored mocking tone . 
 i stepped onto the curb and tino peeled out as he drove off . 
 the bar was busy for a tuesday night . 
 there was a live band playing loudly in the background . 
 i made my way to the bar ; i ca n't drink alcohol , but it would look odd if i was in a bar and not drinking . 
 i heard someone else order a vodka cranberry , so i ordered the same . 
 it was a vibrant pink and i wondered what it would taste like . 
 i wondered what it would feel like to be in this bar for fun and not for killing . 
 i scanned the room . 
 the sooner i found an unsuspecting victim the sooner this night would be over . 
 i tried not to think too hard about it . 
 it was n't like i had a choice . 
 all i had to do was pick out a victim and kill them . 
 in this world it was kill or be killed . 
 i had always known this night would come , but i had hoped when it did i would be ready . 
 i did n't feel ready . 
 i wished i had n't seen matthias . 
 i wished he had n't made me remember a part of my human life that i wanted to forget . 
 i wanted to forget that i was ever happy as a human . 
 then i saw him watching me from across the bar . 
 it was matthias . 
 i quickly looked away . 
 when i looked back he was gone . 
 i did n't know how he found me again . 
 he could n't be here ; not tonight . 
 maybe i imagined him , i thought . 
 `` dance with me '' the words fell on my ears like a caress . 
 i turned and saw round warm brown eyes with specks of gold . 
 `` that 's not what i 'm here for '' i told him . 
 `` i know , but that does n't mean you ca n't have some fun '' he said . 
 i wondered if he knew i was here to kill someone . 
 i wondered what he would think of me then . 
 would he still want to save me ? 
 i knew i should move away , but i did n't want to . 
 i wanted to dance with him . 
 i wanted more than anything to be the girl i used to be one more time . 
 but , maybe just for one song i could be that girl and let myself dance . 
 with my choice made i turned and walked to the dance floor knowing that he would follow . 
 i could feel the hard beat of the music radiate thru body . 
 his hand lightly touched my waist as he pulled me closer into his embrace . 
 i had danced with men at this club before . 
 i knew how to hint and tease just enough for them to follow me out to the alley behind club . 
 tino would make sure they left with a memory of a good time after we fed off them . 
 i had yet to develop the skill of altering the memories of humans . 
 even if i did have the power to change memories it would be hard to give someone a memory of something i knew nothing about . 
 the hands moving on my hips brought me back to the moment and the man i was dancing with . 
 i turned so that i was facing him . 
 i wanted to run my hands thru his thick auburn hair , but i resigned myself the only resting my hands on his chest . 
 he had always smelled of warmth with a subtle sweetness . 
 as a human i had barely noticed it , but now the scent was overwhelming . 
 `` i told you i did n't want to see you again '' i said . 
 `` are you going to kill me now ? '' 
 he asked with a smile . 
 he would n't think it was funny if he knew why i was here . 
 `` i have n't decided '' i said . 
 i should kill him though . 
 he was n't going to give up . 
 i thought for a moment that i could kill two birds with one stone , so to speak . 
 i asked myself if i could kill him , but i knew the answer was no . 
 i could n't kill him , but if he did n't stop following me it would n't matter because endora would kill him anyway . 
 `` you do n't have to do this '' he whispered . 
 he did n't know how deep the words cut . 
 he just thought i was here to feed . 
 `` yes , i do '' i said more to myself then matthias . 
 i did have to do this . 
 i could n't let him make me believe otherwise . 
 `` you could come with me now ; i can take you away '' he said . 
 `` endora would just come after me , and you would get hurt in the process '' i told him . 
 `` i know of a place where she ca n't find you '' he said . 
 `` i ca n't '' i said . 
 `` sooner or later you will go with me '' he said . 
 `` i still do n't understand why you are doing this ; i do n't know why you care . 
 like you said , the girl you loved died . 
 i 'm just a vampire who looks like her '' i told him . 
 `` i should be going ... '' i said not knowing why i was wasting time dancing when i had a job to do . 
 `` i 'll leave you as soon as you agree to meet me again '' he gripped my arm lightly but firmly . 
 i could have pulled away , but i would have made a scene and the last thing i wanted to do was draw attention . 
 `` i ca n't '' i said . 
 `` tomorrow night , two hours before sunrise in the graveyard , if you change your mind '' he said . 
 `` i wo n't '' i said . 
 i wanted to go with him , but i knew it would just end in pain for both of us . 
 as much as i wanted to believe he was still in love with me i knew there had to be another reason . 
 he released my arm and vanished as quickly as he had arrived . . 
 i slowly made my way back to the bar . 
 as i approached the bar , i saw a man sitting alone . 
 i slid my glance towards him . 
 he held my gaze long enough for me to see that he had large blue eyes that were as cold as ice . 
 his coffee-colored hair was short and spikey . 
 he had a thin , boyish build and a strong chin . 
 he was wearing loose fitting jeans and a black t-shirt . 
 `` do you live around here ? '' 
 i asked because out-of-towners made better victims . 
 `` no , i 'm just passing by on my way to the coast . 
 i thought i would stop in here for a drink . 
 i 'm blake ; what 's your name ? '' 
 he smiled at me , and i wished he had n't told me his name . 
 i looked around the room and i knew he was the best target i was going to find . 
 he was alone and from out of town which meant that no one would miss him for a few days . 
 endora and tino would start to get worried if i waited any longer . 
 i did n't have a choice , i reminded myself . 
 `` lily , so what 's at the coast ? '' 
 i asked , but i really did n't want to know . 
 the less i knew about this man the better . 
 `` nothing really , just needed a break from life '' he said . 
 he was going to get more than a break , i thought . 
 `` it 's really loud in here . 
 do you want to go somewhere quiet ? 
 i know a place up the street with great pie '' i said , and it was n't a lie ; the place up the street did have great pie . 
 i wished i could take blake for pie instead of killing him . 
 `` yeah , let 's go '' he said as he slid off the bar stool and turned to the front door . 
 `` let 's go out the back way ; people know me here and i do n't want them to see me leave with strange man '' i said with a smile . 
 that was only a partial lie . 
 the people here did know me , but since most of them knew this was a hunting ground for vampires they did n't ask questions . 
 as long as they were n't the ones on the menu no one seemed to care . 
 `` lead the way '' he said . 
 i led him out the back door where tino and endora would be waiting for me . 
 tino smiled when he saw blake follow me into the alley . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 blake asked backing out of the alley . 
 he did n't make it far before tino caught him . 
 tino was good at mind intrusion . 
 and he used it to make blake stop fighting him . 
 `` you should feed first '' he said as he pushed blake towards endora . 
 endora caught blake he fell to the ground . 
 then she took him in her arms in a gesture that looked loving and motherly . 
 i watched as endora sank her sharp fangs into the soft flesh of blake 's neck . 
 she was delicate even when she fed . 
 as she raised her head from his neck , she gently licked the blood from her lips and looked as if nothing had happened . 
 `` you 're turn '' endora told tino . 
 i was thankful that endora and tino were draining most of his blood so that i would n't have to drink much to kill him . 
 i was hoping tino would drink too much and accidentally kill him so that i would n't have to . 
 i knew i would have to kill , but now that the moment was here i just did n't want to do it . 
 i reminded myself what endora had said about my humanity leaving me . 
 i would feel better and i would n't think about matthias or my human life . 
 all i had to do with kill a man who was dead anyway . 
 `` it 's time for you to finish him '' i heard endora say , and i realized the tino had finished . 
 the time was here . 
 i looked into blake 's blurry blue eyes , the results of tino 's mind intrusion . 
 i turned his head to expose his neck as i relaxed my jaw to let my fangs drop . 
 the soft flesh at his neck gave easily as the blood filled my mouth . 
 it always surprised me how easily my fangs sank into soft flesh . 
 i drank his sweet blood ; i marveled at how easy it would be to drink every drop . 
 then i remembered his name `` blake '' ; someone had given him that name . 
 someone loved the man i was about to kill . 
 i thought about matthias . 
 i thought about what he would think of me if i did this . 
 i could n't do it ; i could n't take his life . 
 i pulled away from him . 
 i knew endora would not be happy , but in that moment i did n't care what happened to me . 
 all i knew was that i could n't take the life of this man . 
 `` i ca n't ... '' i said in a voice so low i barely heard it . 
 endora finished drinking the last of blake 's blood . 
 as she let his lifeless body fall the ground , i wondered what it was all for . 
 i had n't killed him , but he had died anyway . 
 did it make anyone less dead if i did n't kill them ? 
 i asked myself . 
 we drove back to langley house in silence . 
 `` lily , maybe you should go to your room and i 'll come up to talk to you later '' endora said once we arrived back at the langley house . 
 i felt like a naughty child being sent to their room , but if i was honest i did want to go up to my room . 
 once inside my room i changed out of the tight , uncomfortable clothes and into my sweat pants and cotton tank . 
 i took the silver brush from my vanity . 
 endora had given it to me when she turned me . 
 i started to brush out the long red mass that was pretending to be my hair . 
 soon , i would crawl under the pink covers of my big canopy bed . 
 i technically did n't need to sleep , but i still did it out of habit . 
 it was nice to fade into oblivion once in a while . 
 i did n't know why matthias wanted to me to go with him or where he thought he could take me to be safe . 
 i wanted to believe that he could take me away , but i knew that i would never be free from endora . 
 this was my life now . 
 i had gone to the graveyard hoping to feel something , but i had felt more than i wanted . 
 i did n't want to still have feelings for matthias . 
 i had thought that part of my life was over . 
 i had n't thought about matthias for years , but now he was all i could think about . 
 i knew i had to find a way to put him out of my mind . 
 i had to focus on making my first kill . 
 `` can i come in ? '' 
 endora 's sing song voice came from the door of my room . 
 `` yes '' i wondered to myself what she would say if i did n't let her come in . 
 `` i know tonight was hard , but you ca n't keep doing this '' endora said as she sat on the corner of my bed . 
 `` i know you have n't embraced this life , but you are suited to it in ways you do n't yet understand . '' 
 endora gave me a look that reminded me that no matter how many centuries i lived everyone would always see me as a teenager . 
 `` you ca n't truly be one of us until you have made your first kill . 
 you ca n't be a vampire and still cling to your humanity '' endora said . 
 `` i know ... i 'm trying ... '' i said . 
 i was trying . 
 all i wanted to do was make my first kill . 
 `` i tried to kill that man , i wanted to , but ... '' i wanted to lose my humanity , and i had been ready to kill until i had seen matthias . 
 i cursed matthias . 
 i hated that i cared what he thought of me . 
 i knew if i killed blake i would change more than i already had , and then matthias would hate me more than he already did . 
 i was ready to kill . 
 i wanted to kill . 
 i wanted my humanity to leave so that i could be happy like endora and tino . 
 `` you will need to try harder . 
 once castor is here he will expect you to make a kill . 
 i wo n't be able to protect you '' she said . 
 castor was the vampire who had made endora a vampire . 
 we were back in laurel to meet with castor . 
 `` ca n't you just force me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 endora held control over both tino and i. i remembered the way endora had forced tino to stop touching her when i had watched them in her room . 
 it would be so much easier to kill if it was n't my choice , i thought . 
 i knew that if it came to kill or be killed i would kill to save myself . 
 `` the bond between a sire and a vampire has limits . 
 if i were to use my power to force you to do something against who you are our bond would break . 
 this is something you have to do on your own '' she said . 
 `` if you force me to kill then you 'll break our bond ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` most likely not . 
 in order for a bond to be broken i would have to ask you to do something that you would rather die than do . 
 i do n't think you would have chosen the life of that boy tonight over your own . 
 i could have forced you to kill him , but the first kill is more than just the action of killing . 
 you have to realize how fragile and pointless human life is '' she said . 
 i did n't think human life was pointless . 
 i thought it was wonderful . 
 i envied them ; they got to die . 
 human 's looked at their lives and saw decades of happiness ; i looked at my life and saw centuries of pain and longing . 
 `` i 'll try '' i said . 
 i knew i could n't tell endora what i thought , but i did n't think i could see human life the way she wanted me to . 
 `` one day you will have a victim in front of you and something in your nature will take over . 
 it will be over before you even know it has happened '' . 
 `` what was your first kill like ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` it was a man i had known when i was human . 
 he told me we were going to be married , but instead he ruined me by marrying someone else . 
 my father found out about the affair and realized an unmarriageable daughter was n't useful to him . 
 he cast me out . 
 castor found me living on the streets . 
 he saved me and he let me have my revenge on the man who jilted me '' she said . 
 `` i did n't ask for this life anymore then you did , but now it is the only life i could ever want . 
 i want you to have that feeling '' she said . 
 `` do n't worry ; i know you wo n't let me down again . 
 next time you will kill '' endora said . 
 her voice was reassuring , but the words told me that i did n't have any more time . 
 i either made a kill or castor killed me . 
 `` yes , i will '' i said and i meant it . 
 i was tired of being a vampire with humanity and i wanted it to end . 
 `` i want to make my first kill . 
 i 'm not sure what stopped me '' i said . 
 `` i know you wo n't let me down again '' endora said . 
 `` maybe it was because he told me his name '' i said . 
 `` well , now that is the problem . 
 next time you feed off a human the only thing you should think about is how good they taste and let your instinct take over . 
 do n't think about their name '' she said . 
 `` do n't worry , everything will be fine . 
 i 'll take care of this '' she said . 
 `` oh , and tomorrow night i will need you to pick up a few things '' . 
 `` a few things ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` some humans '' she said . 
 `` castor will need to be entertained '' she said . 
 `` and these humans , do they know that they are going to be the entertainment ? '' 
 i asked and endora smiled . 
 `` i 'm sure they think they are coming for a different type of entertainment '' she said . 
 `` try not to think about it too much . 
 you are going to have to kill one of them , because if you do n't , even i wo n't be able to help you '' she said . 
 `` i 'll let you rest now '' she rose from the bed and left the room . 
 a soft thud took my attention from my thoughts . 
 it came from my open window . 
 i looked outside , and saw that the rain was still falling with a vengeance . 
 then i heard the soft meow . 
 the cat was soaked to the bone and was shivering . 
 i went to my bathroom and retrieved a towel to dry the cat . 
 once it was warm and dry , it curled up on my bed and purred . 
 i had always had a soft spot for cats . 
 my dad had been allergic so i 'd never been able to have one as a pet . 
 i looked outside and noticed that the rain had slowed . 
 it would be daylight soon . 
 i closed the window and covered it with the heavy curtain used to keep the sunlight out . 
 then i curled into bed with the purring cat . 
 i wished i could keep the cat . 
 it 's soft head burrowed into my chest . 
 i wondered how this little creature could love so unconditionally . 
 it was as if the cat knew i needed comforting , and he had showed up just in time . 
 chapter 3 it was just before sunset when i woke up , if you could call it waking up . 
 it was almost dark , and the cat was gone . 
 he had probably gone home , i thought , and if he did n't have a home i hoped that he would find another safe place to spend the night . 
 i quickly put on a pair of dark jeans and a blue tank top before going downstairs . 
 i found tino looking completely at ease in one of endora 's horribly uncomfortable chairs . 
 a slow smile spread across tino 's face when he saw me `` endora tells me you are going to pick up the entertainment '' . 
 `` that 's what she told me '' i said . 
 `` here 's the address . 
 tell them you are there for a pick up for tino '' he said as he handed me a slip of paper . 
 `` you should leave now so you can get back before sunrise '' he said . 
 i looked down at the slip of paper and noticed that it was in mobile . 
 `` why so far ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` only the finest quality for castor , you know that '' he said . 
 `` and quality comes from mobile '' i mocked . 
 `` we do what we can '' he mocked back . 
 `` i should go '' i said as i took the keys from the crystal ash tray on the table . 
 i walked out to the black bmw that was parked in the driveway . 
 i was n't looking forward to driving all night and having so much time to think about what would happen tomorrow night . 
 i had only met castor one other time . 
 it was right after i had become a vampire . 
 castor had wanted to meet the new addition . 
 castor had wanted me to make my first kill then , but endora had told him it was better to wait . 
 i was glad for her interference then , but now i wished i had made a kill back then . 
 there was something about castor that unnerved me . 
 i had never asked endora who he was before he was a vampire ; i did n't know if endora even knew . 
 it was in his eyes and the way he looked at me . 
 the first time i met castor i expected him to give me little more than a passing glance . 
 vampire elders normally did n't notice younger vampires , but castor more than noticed me . 
 it was hard to explain the way he looked at me ; it was as if he was looking at someone else . 
 i drove for several hours until the gps told me i was at the address tino had given me . 
 i looked at the gps one more time before i could believe it . 
 i sighed as i looked up at the sign that said ` baby dolls ' with the silhouette of naked women painted on it . 
 i sighed again as i walked thru the double doors . 
 the tackiness was oppressive and the music was too loud . 
 i could barely see because the lighting was low with a yellow tint . 
 the rest of the room , including the walls , was covered in red velvet . 
 and then there were the girls . 
 i realized that even though my sensibilities had changed over the last few years there were still things that shocked me . 
 i had never seen so many nearly naked girls before . 
 i wondered how they could be so free with their bodies . 
 i did n't think i could ever walk around a room full of men in nothing but a thong . 
 then there were the men ; i did n't want to think about the men at all . 
 all i wanted to do was find the person in charge , get the girls , and go home . 
 `` you must be lily ; you 're even prettier than tino said you were , but then tino did n't say you were pretty '' the voice came from a portly man dressed in all black . 
 i knew the moment i saw him that he was the man in charge . 
 i also knew that he was a vampire , but looking about at the humans around him no one else did . 
 he gave me a conspiratorial look that silently told me not to tell his secret ; not that anyone here would believe me if i told them that their boss was a vampire . 
 `` i 've got a long drive back '' i said . 
 `` of course '' the vampire said . 
 `` you have the payment i was promised ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i handed him the white envelop tino had given me , and he put it in the inside pocket of his jacket . 
 then he led me into the back room . 
 `` this is jane '' he said as he pointed . 
 she looked like she was in her early twenties . 
 she had pale blonde hair that was curled to perfection . 
 her hooded , deep blue eyes were framed with dark lashes . 
 she was wearing a pair of black , skinny jeans , and a low cut black lace top with a thin red ribbon tied around her waist . 
 then he showed me candy , brigit , and vanessa ; all were blondes and all of them were pretty . 
 castor would love them . 
 i loaded the four girls into the bmw . 
 all of the girls except for jane fell asleep soon after i started driving back to laurel . 
 `` so what kind of party is this ? '' 
 jane asked . 
 `` it 's just a normal party '' i hoped i did n't sound nervous . 
 i was n't sure what i was supposed to tell her . 
 `` so how long have you been a ... ? '' 
 i attempted to change the subject . 
 i wished jane would have gone to sleep like the rest of the girls . 
 `` an entertainer ? '' 
 she finished my question . 
 `` not long . 
 the money is good , but the hours suck '' she said . 
 jane continued to talk the rest of the way to the house . 
 i tried to tune her out by turning on the radio , but that just made her talk louder . 
 when we finally arrived back at the house , i could n't wait to get out of the car . 
 `` she 's pretty '' tino said to me as i walk into the langley house behind jane , and i knew he meant jane ; she was just his type . 
 `` pretty annoying '' i said . 
 `` you sound jealous '' tino said . 
 i glared at him . 
 `` i 'm not jealous '' i said . 
 `` wow , this place is beautiful . 
 it must be amazing to live here '' one of the girls said as she looked around the room with apparent wonder . 
 i tried to see the house though her eyes , but all i could see when i looked at the room was a gilded cage . 
 `` yes , it 's like a dream . 
 is n't that right lily '' tino said , and i forced myself to smile and nod at him . 
 endora choose that moment to walk down the stairs . 
 i watched as all the eyes in the room turned to look at her . 
 endora had an other-worldly quality that made her the center of attention in any room she walked into . 
 `` good , you 're back . 
 are these the girls ? '' 
 endora asked . 
 `` yes , these are the girls '' i said as endora looked over the girls . 
 `` they 'll do . 
 show them to the room in the basement '' endora said . 
 `` i 'm going to rest for the remainder of the night , and i suggest you all rest as well . 
 castor 's party will be here at midnight tomorrow '' endora turned to climb the stairs to her room and tino followed her . 
 i showed the girls to the set of non-descript rooms in the basement . 
 the rooms were only used when we had humans in residence . 
 endora did n't like the party snacks to sleep upstairs . 
 `` so this castor guy is the one ya 'll are throwing this party for '' jane said . 
 `` yeah , he 's a good friend of endora , and she wants to make sure he has a good time '' i said . 
 `` and what is endora to you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you ask too many questions '' i said . 
 `` yeah , i get that a lot '' she said . 
 `` you should get some sleep '' i told her . 
 they did n't know it , but i locked the basement door behind me . 
 we could n't have the guests escaping . 
 i climbed the stairs to my room , and i sighed when i opened the door to the pink room . 
 it was n't much , but at least it was one place in this world that was mine . 
 once i was inside my pink room , i stripped off my clothes , like stripping off everything that had happened that night . 
 i stepped into a steaming hot shower , and i scrubbed my flesh until i felt like i had washed the whole night down the drain . 
 i stepped out of the shower into a big fluffy towel . 
 then i changed into my favorite pajamas and crawled into bed . 
 every time i closed my eyes all i could think about was matthias . 
 i did n't know why he wanted me to come with him or where he wanted to take me , but i was n't going to let myself hope that he could give me a better life . 
 with matthias on my mind , i knew i was n't going to get any sleep . 
 the whole house would be closed up for the day so i would n't have to worry about the sun . 
 i walked down the hall to the stairs , deciding to take a walk through the house and let my thoughts wander . 
 i 'm not sure how far i had walked , but i was brought back to reality as i heard a crash in what tino called the training room . 
 tino said that you never knew when a war between the vampire clans was going to break out , but the last vampire war happened in the early 1800 's . 
 i was inclined to believe that vampires had risen above the need for wars . 
 tino said that it meant we were due for war soon . 
 i think tino was hoping for a war . 
 i stood in the doorway of the training room and saw tino practicing with a wooden sword . 
 we used wooden swords because it was the only weapon that could kill a vampire . 
 i watched tino for a while . 
 for someone who was used to killing with a gun , tino had acclimated to using a sword very well . 
 `` could n't sleep ? '' 
 tino asked when he noticed me standing in the doorway . 
 `` no '' i said . 
 `` well , since you are here you might as well train with me '' he handed me a wooden sword . 
 i did n't like to train , but after the night i 'd had i thought that maybe a fight with tino was just what i needed . 
 i picked up one of the wooden swords and turned it over in my hand . 
 tino swung his wooden sword in a large circle that framed his body . 
 it was a challenge that i could not ignore . 
 i mimicked the sword movement . 
 then he struck . 
 the blow would have decapitated me had i had not blocked it . 
 becoming a vampire had its advantages , like extra strength and lighting fast reflexes . 
 but even with my vampire strength , i was never a match for tino , and he knew it . 
 he was playing with me , and i would let him . 
 i wanted to get in every blow i could before he tired of the game . 
 one of my blows had more power behind it then i expected . 
 tino looked at me in surprise when it knocked him to the ground . 
 i felt something new rage through me . 
 it felt cold and empty . 
 it made me forget where i was and i hesitated just long enough for tino to trip me . 
 then i felt the pain of his sword as it pierced me just below my heart . 
 he twisted the sword till it broke inside me . 
 i cried out in pain and fell to my knees . 
 i could feel my organs being ripped apart as i felt the wood splinter inside me . 
 vampires heal very fast except when wooden splinters are in the wound . 
 the pain had been the worst pain i had ever experienced . 
 i could feel my organs trying in vain to put themselves back together . 
 `` i got a little carried away '' tino said . 
 `` a little carried away '' i yelled back at him . 
 i tried to stand , but the pain was too much , and i fell back onto my knees . 
 `` do n't worry , i 'll get endora . 
 she will know what to do '' he said as he left me alone in the training room . 
 he returned with an angry looking endora . 
 `` damn it , tino , of all of the times . 
 how could you do this ? '' 
 endora yelled as she knelt beside me on the floor . 
 `` lily dear , i 'm going to have to get the pieces of wood out of you , and it is going to hurt '' . 
 endora and tino moved me from the floor of the training room to a couch in the main room . 
 i had to lay still as endora cut me open in ways that would have killed me if i was still alive . 
 she had to use a sharp , wooden knife . 
 `` you 're lucky none of the splinters got in your heart '' endora said . 
 any wood in my heart would have killed me instantly . 
 it made me think that even though vampires were technically immortal we could still be killed . 
 `` of all the stupid things that the two of you could to do the night before castor 's visit '' . 
 i knew that letting tino goat me into a fight was a mistake , but then i seemed to be making a lot of mistakes lately . 
 i wondered where that power had come from . 
 i had fought with tino before , but i had never come so close to beating him . 
 i could have beaten him , and it scared me . 
 i did n't know where this power came from , but i knew i did n't want it . 
 i flinched as endora removed the last splinter . 
 i felt my body close its wounds and heal . 
 i climbed the stairs to my room . 
 after showering i put on a pair of dark jeans and a pink cotton cami that i covered with a black sweater that wrapped around and tied into a bow at my waist . 
 i dried my long , candy red hair . 
 i overly applied the dark eye shadow and then red lip stain to complete the look . 
 i thought the dark eyes and red lips would make me look more dangerous , but i just looked like a little girl playing in her mother 's makeup . 
 chapter 4 when i returned to the main sitting room everyone else had already come down . 
 i noticed tino first . 
 he was wearing one of his italian pinstriped suits . 
 he looked me over and gave me a disapproving look . 
 i did n't expect him to approve . 
 i knew that tino and endora would expect me to wear a tight fitted dress , but i thought there was going to be enough stress tonight , and i just wanted to wear jeans . 
 endora , of course , had to make her grand entrance , walking down the grand stairs in her customary long , flowing white dress . 
 `` where are the girls ? '' 
 endora asked as she reached the bottom of the staircase . 
 `` they are still getting ready '' i said . 
 `` do n't you think you should go check on them ? '' 
 endora said . 
 `` once they are ready bring them up here '' endora said as i turned to go down to the basement . 
 the moment my feet hit the stairs to the basement i heard the sound of soft feminine laughter . 
 i tried not to think about the fact that all of these girls would die tonight . 
 i stopped in the middle of the stairway and just listened to their meaningless chatter . 
 i wished with all my non-beating heart that i was one of them . 
 even though they were going to die tonight , at least that would be the end for them . 
 they would n't have to live this half-life , straddling the line between life and death . 
 to get though tonight i would have think like a vampire and not like a human . 
 the life of these girls was short and insignificant compared to the life of a vampire . 
 their deaths would be as insignificant as their lives had been . 
 after tonight i would n't think about them again . 
 they would be dead and i would lose what was left of my humanity . 
 when i was a human i never noticed my humanity , but now that i was a vampire i could feel it like a living thing inside me . 
 i could hear it telling me that everything i am is evil , and i should have died in that fire . 
 i walked the rest of the way down the stairs , and i saw jane and the other girls . 
 they all looked prettier than i thought i could ever look . 
 they were wearing small , lacy underwear in different colors . 
 one was wearing all black with a hot pink ribbon running thru both the bra and panties , one was wearing white trimmed in lime green lace , and another was wearing electric blue . 
 jane was wearing a full red buster , a black , lacy thong and fish net thigh highs . 
 as i looked at the girls in their bright colors , the thought crossed my mind that they looked like cupcakes . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` we are ready whenever you are '' jane said . 
 `` they 're ready for you upstairs '' i said . 
 `` whatever you say '' she said with a small smile and hooded eyes . 
 i turned my back to her and led the four girls up the stairs . 
 once we were upstairs , i watched as tino used his mind intrusion on the girls . 
 castor and his entourage arrived at midnight . 
 castor 's entourage consisted of two vampires , one male and one female . 
 they were both young and attractive looking , but then i would n't expect anything less . 
 castor always surrounded himself with youth and beauty . 
 no one would ever describe castor as being attractive . 
 the only way i could describe the way castor looks is rough . 
 i had no idea how old he was , but he looked like had had a hard life before becoming a vampire , and maybe he had even had a hard life after . 
 like most vampires , his skin was pale , but it looked like it had once been ravaged by the sun . 
 his eyes were dark and penetrating . 
 his hair fell around his face in distinct disarray . 
 the female vampire with castor had long , dark hair and round , soft dark eyes ; her skin was the most tan i 'd ever seen on a vampire . 
 i guessed she was of latin descent . 
 i could n't help but notice the way her hand was subtlety touching castor 's arm ; i also noticed that , though castor did n't pull away from her touch , he did n't reciprocate it . 
 the male vampire was shorter than both castor and tino , but more muscular than both . 
 his skin was almost as pale as mine , and his hair was so blond it was almost white ; i found myself staring at his hair and wondering if he dyed it that color . 
 but , it was his face that really made me want to stare ; his strong jaw and high cheek bones made him look masculine and feminine at the same time . 
 `` castor , it has been too long '' endora said in the sing song voice that only she could do . 
 `` she has n't made a kill yet '' castor said . 
 `` we wanted to wait till you were here and make it special '' endora lied . 
 `` we should get on with it then '' castor looked over at the girls . 
 `` personally , i prefer a time when girls left more to imagination , but these will serve the purpose '' he said . 
 `` this one looks like she could serve more than one purpose for me '' the male vampire with castor said as he pulled jane close to him . 
 he kissed her right there is front of everyone . 
 i felt embarrassed and wanted to look away , but i was mesmerized by such an intimate sight happening in such a public place . 
 i noticed that everyone else was also looking at the two embracing . 
 the male vampire held jane in a way that molded her body to his . 
 jane did n't appear to be fighting , but she was n't embracing him back . 
 it was like she was just letting the kiss happen . 
 suddenly , the male vampire evaporated into dust . 
 i blinked , thinking my eyes were deceiving me , but i still saw the small pile of dust on the floor in front of jane . 
 as jane turned around , i noticed the wooden stake that she held tightly in her right hand . 
 i realized that she had killed the male vampire , but it did n't make sense . 
 she had been under mind intrusion , and tino was the best at mind intrusion . 
 the female vampire with castor rushed at jane . 
 she grabbed jane by the hair and pulled her head back . 
 the female vampire 's fangs shown off the light from the chandler as she bent her head to jane 's neck . 
 then jane spun around in the vampire 's grasp , and plunged the stake deep into her heart . 
 the female vampire turned to dust before she even knew what was happening . 
 `` which one of you wants to be next ? '' 
 jane asked . 
 `` you are not going to be able to take on all of us '' castor said . 
 `` why do n't you be a good girl and put the stake down and i 'll make your death quick '' castor said . 
 `` if i 'm dead anyway , i plan on taking you with me '' jane said to castor . 
 `` jane , you do n't want to do this '' i said as i slowly walked towards her . 
 i was hoping that jane would n't want to hurt me , but i stopped walking towards her when i saw her tighten her grip on the stake . 
 `` do n't tell me what i want or do n't want , you 're not better than the rest of them . 
 you just think you 're better '' she said . 
 `` you should be different , you know . 
 they said you would be , but you are n't different '' she said . 
 i had no idea what she was talking about . 
 i was n't different ; i was just a vampire . 
 `` jane , i know you do n't want to die '' i said . 
 `` i 'm already dead , but at least i 'm not the only one who is going to die . 
 i plan on taking as many of you with me as i can '' she said as she motioned towards the stake she still held in her right fist . 
 `` i just want to know where you hid that stake '' tino said in his lazy voice . 
 `` come over here and i 'll show you '' jane said . 
 `` tempting '' tino said . 
 i had to admit that jane had guts . 
 i knew that when i was a human i never would have been able to stand up to four vampires . 
 in fact , i do n't think i would have the guts to stand up the four vampires now . 
 i admired her even though i knew she was going to die . 
 no human stood a chance against a vampire . 
 the only reason she had been able to kill the first two vampires was because they were n't expecting her to fight . 
 jane knew she would n't be able to hold them off for very long , yet she would n't go down without a fight . 
 i still did n't understand how jane had resisted tino 's mind intrusion . 
 i had to stop myself from smiling because the only good part of this situation was that i knew it was driving tino crazy . 
 tino was even better than endora at mind intrusion ; it was his one source of pride . 
 i had never seen anyone come out of tino 's mind intrusion . 
 `` jane , just put the stake down '' i said . 
 `` i 'm putting the stake down '' jane 's voice was playful , and it made me question if she meant what she said . 
 to my surprise , jane opened her both her hands and displayed her palms for the room to see , letting the stake she held drop to the floor . 
 tino rushed towards jane ; then suddenly i saw tino fall to his knees with a wooden stake pointing out from his left shoulder . 
 tino pulled the stake out of his shoulder with a yell of pain . 
 `` she has another stake '' i said in disbelief . 
 it was one thing for her to sneak in one stake , but it would have been impossible for her to sneak in two . 
 `` she 's a land witch '' castor yelled in surprise . 
 i stared at jane . 
 i had heard of witches that could control the land and everything that grew from it , but i never thought i would meet one . 
 land witches , along with all other witches , had been hunted to extinction , or so i had been told . 
 witches ' powers were passed down thru the generations . 
 a witch 's power centered around one of the four elements . 
 land and fire witches were the two most feared by vampires as wood and fire were the two elements that could kill a vampire . 
 `` all of you are abominations against nature , and you have to be destroyed '' she said . 
 `` jane , you do n't want to do this '' i told her . 
 i did n't feel the stake go in , but i did feel the cold surge of power . 
 i looked down to see the stake lodged into my chest . 
 i pulled the stake from my chest and i felt like the life had been drained from me . 
 i needed blood . 
 jane was staring at me . 
 before she could put another stake in me i sank my fangs into jane 's neck and drank deeply . 
 jane 's blood was different than any other blood i had ever tasted ; her blood was rich and sweet . 
 all i had to do was drink just a little more and she would be dead . 
 for the first time since becoming a vampire i did n't want to stop feeding ; i wanted to drink every last drop of jane 's blood . 
 she would have killed me without a second thought . 
 jane had said herself that she was already dead . 
 if i did n't kill her one of the other vampires in the room would kill her . 
 `` stop , the queen would want her alive . 
 she will want to make an example of her '' castor said . 
 i made myself stop feeding from jane , and i let her go limp against me . 
 i could feel her blood filling every part of my body . 
 her blood made my head feel like it was spinning and , it made my body feel strong and more alive than i have ever felt . 
 `` let 's not let these unfortunate events spoil what should be a lovely evening '' endora said . 
 `` besides , we still have these three lovely entrées to enjoy '' endora motioned at the other three girls that had come with jane . 
 `` yes , we should go on with the meeting '' castor said as he reached for one of the girls . 
 he turned her head so that her perfect sun tanned neck was exposed . 
 i looked into her blank eyes , and i wished that i was her . 
 she would never know the pain of dying , and it would be over before she even realized what was happening . 
 `` lily , take jane down to the basement and lock her in chains '' endora said . 
 `` tino , you should feed so you will heal '' she said , and i watched tino bite into another of the girls . 
 i lifted jane over my shoulder and carried her down to the basement . 
 i laid jane down on one of the beds . 
 i had taken enough blood from her that she would be weak for a while . 
 i did my best to lock the chains around her so that when she woke up she would n't be too uncomfortable , but i knew i had to make sure that the chains would hold her . 
 once i was done locking up jane i started back up the stairs , but i stopped when i heard endora and castor talking . 
 `` we never did talk about why you are here '' endora said . 
 `` the queen wants her ; i ca n't give you any more time '' castor said . 
 `` she 's not ready '' endora said . 
 `` whose fault is that ? '' 
 castor said . 
 `` after what i just saw i 'd say her powers are developing and your bond with her is hanging by a thread '' . 
 `` i ca n't force her . 
 you know if i push too hard i will lose the bond we have . 
 do n't forget about the potential she has '' endora said . 
 `` potential that will be wasted if she is not controllable '' castor said . 
 `` if she is not controlled she will become dangerous '' . 
 `` i have her under control '' endora said . 
 `` for now '' castor said . 
 `` what happens when she discovers what she is ? '' 
 castor asked . 
 `` what happens if she discovers how to use her powers ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` that wo n't happen '' endora said . 
 `` what happened tonight was a fluke . 
 you just have to give me more time '' she said . 
 `` i do n't have more time to give you '' castor said . 
 `` the queen wants to meet her , and not even i can defy the queen '' he said . 
 i waited until i heard both castor and endora go up to their rooms before i went up to mine . 
 i wondered about what i had overheard castor say . 
 i had always known that endora wanted to control me , but i did n't understand what she meant about my having potential or what castor meant about me being dangerous . 
 never would i have thought i would hear someone call me dangerous . 
 i wondered why someone as powerful as castor would be afraid of me . 
 i was n't a threat to anyone . 
 i could n't even make a kill . 
 i looked at myself in the mirror and i tried to see myself under the makeup and clothes that did n't feel like me . 
 it did n't matter how long i looked in the mirror , i could n't see the girl i used to be . 
 it was n't just the clothes or the makeup , it was me . 
 it was in my eyes ; they were the same color and they looked the same , but they were cold and unfeeling . 
 there was nothing i could do to change them back . 
 i looked deep into the green eyes that i inherited from my father . 
 i desperately wanted to see something in those eyes that would remind me of the person that i used to be . 
 this life had taken everything that i used to be and still it wanted more . 
 it wanted something i did n't think i could give . 
 it wanted the very last shred of humanity that was left inside me . 
 if i could just give into the darkness then maybe it would n't hurt as much . 
 maybe i could feel like tino and endora and maybe i would n't care anymore . 
 i just wanted to feel the way i used to feel . 
 i did n't want to embrace the darkness , but i did n't have a choice . 
 i cursed jane . 
 if it were n't for her i would have given in to the darkness and killed one of the other girls by now . 
 i had been prepared to kill before her assault distracted me . 
 i blamed her for making me stop and think about the kill . 
 she had said that i was no different from the other vampires in the room , and she had been right ; but i did n't want to be like the other vampires . 
 i did n't want to kill anyone . 
 i wanted to be the person i used to be . 
 i wanted to be the girl with friends whose only worry was whether or not someone would ask me to the prom . 
 it was n't like i was making a difference by not killing . 
 every one of those girls died , and it did n't matter if i killed them or not . 
 if i did n't make a kill soon , endora would have no choice but to put a stake in my heart . 
 i do n't know why , but just then i thought about matthias and his promise to take me away . 
 i laughed at the thought . 
 did he really think he could save me from this life ? 
 he apparently had never dealt with vampires . 
 no vampire could ever be free from their masters , and if their master died the blood bond would just be passed to another vampire . 
 i only managed to put matthias out of my mind by thinking about the meeting with the queen . 
 i always knew that if i lived as a vampire long enough i would have to meet the queen , but i had hoped that it would n't be for a long time . 
 from what i knew about the queen she was not to be taken lightly . 
 she had taken control of the vampire council during world war i , and she was not well liked . 
 i needed to understand what potential endora and castor thought i possessed , and i needed to understand what castor had said about me discovering what i am . 
 i did n't understand why i was so important to both endora and matthias . 
 there was more to this story that i did n't know . 
 i had to find out what everyone else seemed to know . 
 what was i ? 
 i wondered . 
 i felt like matthias knew more than he had told me . 
 even though i knew i should n't go meet him i had to go . 
 i had to know what he knew . 
 chapter 5 it was just after the sun had set , and the sky was still glowing a bright pink from the rays of the sun . 
 i liked looking at the sky just after sunset . 
 this red and pink light was the only glimpse of sun light had i would ever see . 
 it was a reminder that the sun still existed even if i could n't see it . 
 i 'd had pale skin even as a human , and i spent a lot of time hiding from the sun . 
 i wished i could go back to that time . 
 i would bathe myself in sunlight every chance i got . 
 no one could explain what it was like to never see the sun . 
 it was like there was no happiness in the world ; there was only darkness , and the monsters lived in the darkness . 
 the graveyard was quiet except for the rhythmic chirping of nocturnal insects and the gentle swaying of leafs in the wind . 
 i could still leave and he would never know . 
 but , i had to know what i was , and what he and endora wanted from me . 
 i could n't go to the queen without knowing what i was . 
 `` i knew you would come '' i saw matthias leaning against the trunk of a tree as i walked deeper into the graveyard . 
 `` nothing has changed , i 'm still not going with you '' i said . 
 `` then why did you come ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i need you to tell me what i am , and why you are here '' i told him . 
 `` i ca n't tell you that '' he said . 
 `` ca n't or wo n't ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i ca n't tell you , but if you come with me i 'll show you what you are '' he said . 
 `` i 'll show you a different life '' he said . 
 `` you were n't meant for this life . 
 you were meant for more '' he said . 
 `` it does n't matter what life i was meant for , this is the life i have , and you ca n't change that . 
 you ca n't change what i am '' i told him . 
 `` i need to know what i am before i go before the queen '' i told him . 
 `` no , you ca n't go before the queen '' he said . 
 `` we 're leaving tonight . 
 i need to know what i am before i go '' i told him . 
 `` no '' he said . 
 `` you ca n't go there . 
 you ca n't go anywhere near her '' he said . 
 `` i do n't have a choice '' i said . 
 `` you can come with me '' he said . 
 `` we would never be safe . 
 we would always be running from endora . 
 that 's not a life i want for you '' i said . 
 `` there 's an island '' he said . 
 `` no one will find us there . 
 you will be safe there '' he said . 
 `` please just come with me '' . 
 `` i ... '' he was kissing me then . 
 his lips were full and soft as they moved over my own lips . 
 before i knew what was happening , i was kissing him . 
 kissing him was a familiar action . 
 years ago we had kissed often ; but this was different . 
 we were different . 
 we were n't wide-eyed teenagers anymore . 
 there was a passion in that kiss that had n't been there before . 
 i would have done anything to make that kiss last forever . 
 i would have done anything to be with him now . 
 i wanted him and nothing else mattered . 
 `` you 're going to come with me now , if i have to drag you kicking a screaming '' he said . 
 i was tempted to watch him try . 
 `` yes '' was all i could say and it was enough . 
 i did n't know if we would make it to this island , but going with matthias was the best chance i had at finding out what i was . 
 endora 's wrath was a risk i had to take . 
 chapter 6 `` we do n't have a lot of time , and if you want to know what you are we need to go see someone '' he said . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` there is only one person who can show you who you are '' he said . 
 `` i thought we were going to the island '' i said . 
 `` we will , but first i promised you that i would show you what you are '' he said . 
 i thought about asking more questions , but i got the impression that i was n't getting any more information out of him . 
 i caught myself watching matthias as he drove . 
 i was confused about how i felt about him . 
 i barely knew who he was now . 
 he could be completely different from the matthias i knew ten years ago . 
 i also did n't know what his motivations were and that made him dangerous . 
 he said he worked for an organization that could keep me safe on their island . 
 i did n't want him to catch me watching him , so i turned away to look out the window . 
 he claimed that he could save me . 
 it was tempting to believe everything that he told me , but i knew that it would only make it harder for me when it turned out to be false . 
 when endora found us and killed him i would be heartbroken , but i had to try . 
 i knew he was n't just going to stop trying . 
 he had said he would die trying , but i hoped that would n't happen . 
 i just hoped that when endora found us matthias would be spared . 
 i knew that nothing good could come from what i was feeling . 
 there were only two possible outcomes . 
 i could fall in love with matthias , he would not feel the same way about me , and i would have my heart broken . 
 or , he could feel the same way and i would have to go back to endora and spend the rest of my unnaturally long life missing him . 
 matthias was n't kidding about the long drive . 
 the clock on the dash of the old ford truck that matthias drove did n't work , but i guessed that we had been driving for over an hour before matthias brought the truck to a stop in front of a street lined with small shops . 
 `` fortunes told here '' i read with just a touch of sarcasm as we approached the shop . 
 `` she only pretends to be a fake fortune teller , but she is really has the sight '' matthias told me . 
 `` so you feel the need to see the future ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` she does n't only see the future . 
 she sees everything that a person is , was , and will be '' he said as we walked into the fortune teller 's shop . 
 the first thing i noticed as was the sweet heavy fragrance of incense . 
 heavy dark blue curtains covered the walls giving the room an otherworldly quality . 
 across the room there was a doorframe laced with beads that fell in a curtain to the floor . 
 there was a sign on the second beaded curtain that stated the fortune teller was with a client . 
 matthias sat down on the blue velvet couch in the waiting room as if he had been in the shop often , and i sat down next to him . 
 i looked up when i heard the sound of the beaded curtain being opened . 
 a young woman left the fortune teller 's shop with a worried look on her face . 
 i thought that whatever the fortune teller had told her could n't have been good . 
 i wondered how she ever made any money if she always told her clients the truth . 
 people did n't go to fortune tellers for the truth ; they went for the pretty lies about how their lives will turn out ok . 
 `` i only take one customer at a time , and its twenty dollars for a reading '' a tall , thin middle aged woman dressed in blue silk scarfs said as she walked across the waiting room . 
 `` she is the one here for a reading '' matthias said . 
 `` she needs to know what she is '' . 
 `` she is a vampire , and i do n't read vampires '' she said . 
 `` you know she is more than a vampire '' matthias said . 
 `` i know that she could be more , but right now she is only a vampire '' she said . 
 `` i can show her what she could be , but it is going to cost you '' . 
 `` i assumed as much ; you can take your usual fee '' he said . 
 `` for this i want more '' she said . 
 `` no , you 're not getting more '' matthias said . 
 `` i want twice my usual amount . 
 that 's my price . 
 if you are not willing to pay then leave and stop wasting my time '' she said . 
 `` what does she want ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the same thing you take from humans ; his life force '' she said . 
 `` you want his blood ? '' 
 i asked and she made a disgusted face . 
 `` drinking blood is such a crude way of transferring life force '' she said . 
 `` wo n't you die if she takes your life force ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` my life force will replenishes itself . 
 i 'll pay your price '' he said . 
 `` can you take my life force ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the fortune teller laughed . 
 `` you are n't alive , so you do n't have a life force . 
 if you had your own life force you would n't need to drink blood '' she said . 
 `` just get it over with '' matthias said . 
 she put her right hand just inches from his chest over his heart . 
 then she rolled her head in a small circle and closed her eyes . 
 matthias gripped my arm as i felt his body slack as his life force was being drawn from him . 
 when she was done i felt more than heard him take a steadying breath . 
 `` how long will it take you to replenish ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` not long '' he said thru a strained voice . 
 `` show her '' he said to the fortune teller . 
 `` come with me '' she turned to walk to the back room where she met with clients . 
 i reluctantly followed her into the small candle lit room that held only a small table and two chairs . 
 the fortune teller sat in one of the chairs and she motioned for me to sit in the other . 
 she rested her hands on the table with her palms up . 
 `` we have to be touching '' she said as she motioned for me to put my hands on top of hers . 
 she did n't look like she wanted to touch me . 
 i felt her flinch as our hands touched , but then i felt the power radiating from her . 
 i felt the weight of waves crashing against me . 
 i tried to call out , but the weight grew constant as i felt something pulling me down . 
 as a vampire i did n't need to breathe , but it was still an impulse my body did not like being taken away . 
 i could feel myself falling deeper and deeper into the water until i was standing on the ocean floor . 
 i felt the waves the creatures left in their wake before i saw them . 
 i call them creatures because i have never seen anything like them . 
 they were some type of fish with long bodies and curves like a woman . 
 they looked like they were playing a game that i did n't understand the rules to . 
 i watched them play until i saw her . 
 she was so still i could barely see her , but now she was looking at me with a deep gaze that bore into me . 
 she sat on what looked to be a throne . 
 she looked more human than the fish creatures , but she had a fish tail that was covered with gleaming scales . 
 we did n't speak a word . 
 she just looked at me , but that look said more than words ever could . 
 she was a part of me , and i was a part of her . 
 then i felt her telling me that i did n't belong here . 
 i was part of her , but i did n't belong with her . 
 just as suddenly as i had traveled to the ocean floor i was back in the small room with the fortune teller . 
 `` what am i ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you 're a vampire '' she said . 
 `` everyone else seems to think i 'm more '' i asked . 
 `` you were meant to be the descendant of the water elemental , but now you are a vampire and you ca n't be both . 
 you are choosing to be a vampire '' she said . 
 `` i do n't want to be a vampire . 
 how do i chose to not be a vampire ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you believe you are just a vampire so you are just a vampire '' she said . 
 `` how do i believe something that is not true ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you have to accept that what you believe to be true is only true because you believe it to be '' she said . 
 `` i 'm tired , leave me now '' . 
 i walked out of the small room to find matthias sitting in the same spot i left him in . 
 he looked weak . 
 he said that he could replenish his life force , but i wondered how long it would take . 
 he had given of himself so that i could know what i am . 
 but , i still did n't know what or who i was . 
 the fortune teller had said that i would be a vampire until i believed i was something else , but i did n't know how to do that . 
 i did n't know how to be anything but a vampire . 
 `` so now you know what you are ? '' 
 matthias said . 
 `` i 'm just a vampire '' i said . 
 `` you 're the descendant of the water elemental '' he said . 
 `` she said i could n't be both a vampire and the descendant of the water elemental '' i said . 
 `` you 're being a vampire is unfortunate , but it does n't negate what you are '' he said . 
 chapter 7 as matthias and i left the fortune teller shop , a circle of flames leaped up around us . 
 `` fire witches '' matthias said . 
 `` what do they want ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` my guess would be to kill you as they 've never been fans of the water elemental '' he said . 
 `` now would be a good time to use your water powers '' matthias told me . 
 `` i do n't have powers '' i told him . 
 `` well , now would be a good time to figure it out '' he told me . 
 then i saw the witch . 
 his skin seemed to glow with a fire that burned from within . 
 he stared at me , and i felt as if his stare would burn me to the spot . 
 `` he only wants to talk '' the man said . 
 `` we do n't want to talk '' matthias said . 
 `` did you think he would just let you take her ? '' 
 the man asked . 
 i put out my hands and thought about water , but nothing happened . 
 i tried pushing energy into my hands , but again nothing happened . 
 a slow smile spread across the man 's tan face just before he shot a fireball at my head . 
 my reflexes were fast and i should have been able to move out of the way before the fireball hit me , but my body felt like it was rooted to the ground . 
 i felt the heat of the fire , but then a coldness filled me . 
 it felt like something inside me burst . 
 i looked down at my hands , but they were n't there . 
 i realized that my body was just a mist ; then as quick as it happened , it was over and my body was solid again . 
 i looked at the man who was no longer smiling . 
 in fact , he was looking at me the way i would imagine any normal person would look after seeing someone dissolve into mist then reform . 
 it felt good to have been the one to erase that smile from his face . 
 `` how did you do that ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 'm not sure '' i said as his smile returned . 
 i could still feel the water flowing thru me like waves crashing against the beach . 
 i closed my eyes and felt the water flow from my head to my toes then back again . 
 i waited until the water was flowing up from my toes before i put out my hands hoping that i could make the water shot from my hands , but that 's not what happened . 
 instead , the water dripped from my hands , forming a pool at my feet . 
 `` that would be really scary if i was afraid of a puddle '' the man said . 
 `` lily , use the mist '' matthias said . 
 `` i do n't know how it works '' i told him . 
 `` try running towards him '' he said . 
 `` what , are you crazy ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` just do it '' he said . 
 the man sent another fireball at my head , and my body was again transformed into mist . 
 i did what matthias said . 
 i ran towards the man as fast as i could , which was pretty fast since i 'm a vampire . 
 i was n't sure what was going to happen when i hit the man , but what happened was more than i could have imagined . 
 once i enveloped him in the mist , i could feel the heat rolling off of him . 
 then i heard him yell out in pain . 
 i forced the mist to become colder and colder until he collapsed onto the pavement . 
 i moved away from him and reformed . 
 `` how did you know that would work ? '' 
 i asked matthias . 
 `` i did n't , but your powers seem to work differently since you are a vampire so i thought it was worth a try '' he said . 
 `` you thought it was worth a try '' i repeated . 
 `` it worked did n't it '' he said . 
 `` and what if it had n't worked ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` but it did work '' he said . 
 `` we have to go ; he wo n't be out for long '' . 
 `` why do the fire witches want me dead ? '' 
 i asked matthias when we were back in the truck . 
 `` when are you going to tell me what is going on ? '' 
 `` the fire witches do n't need much of an excuse for a fight , and they hate water witches . 
 you are not only a water witch , but a direct descendant of the water elemental . 
 no elemental has had a child in almost a century '' he said . 
 `` the water woman the fortune teller showed me is my mother '' i said . 
 `` yes , she is '' he said . 
 all my life i had wondered about my mother , and now i knew the truth . 
 my mother was a mythical creature who either did n't care i existed or was incapable of being a mother to me . 
 it was n't like i thought i would meet my mother one day and we would become best friends . 
 maybe i had that fantasy when i was a child , but now that i was a vampire i had n't thought about my mother at all . 
 `` how much do you know about witches ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` the four clans can each summon one of the four elements of nature '' i said . 
 `` that 's all you know ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` they do n't like vampires '' i said . 
 `` witches are the offspring of what we call elementals '' he said . 
 `` there are only four elementals , one for each season , and back in their hay day they each sired many children with humans . 
 these first generation witches were more powerful than the witches around today . 
 the first generation witches saw that their offspring could n't control their powers , causing many great natural disasters . 
 the elementals retreated into their realms and were not heard of until your mother surfaced and lived with your father for one year . 
 this one year was long enough for her to give birth to you '' he said . 
 `` you are a first generation water witch '' he said . 
 `` becoming a vampire masked the powers from you , but now that you have found them there is the chance that they will overwhelm you . 
 you may not be able to control them '' he said . 
 `` that 's why it is important for me to get you to the island '' he said . 
 `` and i will be able to control my powers on this island ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 it was good to finally know his motives . 
 he did n't care about saving me , he just wanted to isolate me on this island so that i could n't hurt anyone . 
 he thought i was dangerous . 
 `` you wo n't have to worry about your powers on the island '' he said . 
 `` if first generation witches were so dangerous why would my mother risk creating me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` we do n't know '' he said . 
 `` who 's we ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i 'm part of a brotherhood sworn to protect the world from those who would harm it '' he said . 
 `` you want to protect the world from me '' i said . 
 `` just the powers that you ca n't control '' he said . 
 `` the powers are a part of me '' i said . 
 `` no , they 're not '' he said , and i did n't argue with him . 
 it did n't matter ; we would never get to the island . 
 endora would find me , and i would go back to just being a vampire . 
 i would control my water powers . 
 i had lived my entire life without using these powers , and i would never use them again . 
 i did n't worry about the water powers controlling me . 
 i worried about endora controlling me . 
 i now knew what endora and castor meant by me having potential . 
 i imagined that endora had thought i would be unstoppable and destroy all her enemies . 
 i did n't know what she would do when she found out that i was n't unstoppable , and that i would n't use my powers for her , but then i did n't care . 
 the worst she could do was kill me , and i should have been dead ten years ago . 
 i did n't fear death because i was already dead . 
 `` so where are we going ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` we are going to visit my family before we go to the island '' he said . 
 *** the sound of a shotgun made me jump . 
 matthias had driven for the rest of the day to get to lake charles . 
 `` maybe you should wait in the car '' matthias told me . 
 `` it 's not like a gun can hurt me '' i said . 
 `` just wait in the car '' matthias said . 
 `` no '' i said . 
 i was done taking orders . 
 all i had done for ten years was take orders from endora . 
 `` matthias ! '' 
 a young pretty woman in her mid-twenties came running from the house . 
 she wrapped her arms around matthias 's neck . 
 `` it 's good to see you too megan '' matthias hugged the woman back . 
 `` are you ... ? '' 
 the woman trailed off . 
 i wondered who this woman was to him . 
 i had n't seen matthias in ten years . 
 i realized then that he could have a girlfriend or even a wife or kids . 
 why would he have kissed me if he had a wife ? 
 , i thought , but then he would n't be the first husband to kiss another woman . 
 `` i can only stay the night '' matthias told her . 
 i guessed that he knew what she was asking without her saying it . 
 i did n't want to admit it , but i was feeling jealous of this woman that matthias was clearly close to . 
 i should n't feel this way . 
 matthias had not been mine for ten years . 
 i should n't care who she was to matthias , but i did anyway . 
 `` megan , this is lily '' matthias said . 
 `` megan is married to my cousin bryce '' matthias told me as if he had read my mind . 
 `` she 's a vampire '' megan said . 
 `` she is also a water witch '' matthias said as that would make a difference , but the look on megan 's face said that it did n't . 
 `` gran is not going to like this '' megan said . 
 `` i know , but i did n't have a choice '' matthias said . 
 `` well , come on in '' megan said with a too sweet southern accent as she turned to walk in to the small , run down house behind matthias . 
 matthias nodded at me as if to say it was safe , and i sent him a questioning look that he only smiled at . 
 i realized how mistrustful i had become since becoming a vampire . 
 the house looked run down and ignored from the outside , but the inside was warm and inviting . 
 `` where are bryce and lucas ? '' 
 matthias asked megan . 
 `` they went hunting '' she gave matthias a look , and he gave her a look back , like they had some kind of understanding they did n't want me to know about . 
 `` gran is in back '' she said . 
 there was another gun shot . 
 `` shooting '' she said . 
 `` that sounds like gran '' matthias said . 
 `` gran , matthias is here and he brought a guest '' megan said as she leaned out of the back door . 
 `` guest ? 
 what guest ? '' 
 an elderly woman walked into the kitchen through the back door . 
 matthias hugged her the moment he saw her . 
 the top of her head only came to his shoulders and was covered in curly powder blue hair . 
 she wore a dark blue dress and the lenses of her glasses were tinted light blue . 
 `` gran , this is lily '' matthias said . 
 `` lily , this is nola , my grandmother '' matthias said . 
 `` she 's a vampire '' the old woman said as she glared at me . 
 `` she 'll behave herself . 
 i 'm taking her to the island '' matthias said . 
 i saw a small smile cross her lips before it disappeared into the lines in her face . 
 `` i do n't like this '' she said . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i wanted to see you . 
 we can go '' matthias said . 
 `` has she fed ? '' 
 she asked , and matthias looked at me as if he was remembering what i was . 
 to be truthful , i think i had forgotten that i needed to feed . 
 it had been three nights since i had fed . 
 i could maybe go one more night , but then the urge was going to become too powerful to control . 
 `` no , but we will take care of that soon '' matthias said . 
 `` take her into town , feed her , and then you can stay here . 
 i 'm tired . 
 i 'm going up to bed '' nola said . 
 `` she stays down here '' she motioned towards me . 
 `` i 'll help you gran '' megan said as she took nola 's arm and helped her up the stairs . 
 `` what are n't you telling me about the brotherhood ? '' 
 i asked matthias when nola and megan had disappeared up the stairs . 
 `` i told you that the brotherhood is a secret society that protects the world against those that would harm it , but what i did n't tell you is they believe that all supernaturals want to harm the world . 
 they have hunted down witches , werewolves , and more , almost to extinction '' he said . 
 `` if they are so bad then why did you join ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i was born into it '' matthias told me . 
 `` my mother left the island when she was a teenager in search of a better life . 
 she found my father . 
 they were married and i was born soon after . 
 my mother 's father was one of the founding members of the brotherhood . 
 he swore an oath that bound not only him , but every male in his bloodline to the brotherhood . 
 when i turned eighteen the bound in my blood was activated . 
 they found me and took me to the island . 
 once you are in the brotherhood you ca n't leave '' he said . 
 `` the only time i 've left the island since then is when they send me out on missions . 
 i 've been on a lot of missions , and every time i try to visit gran if only for a night . 
 she is the only family i have left '' he said . 
 `` i thought i 'd make some tea '' megan said as she carried a tray with a kettle , tea cups , and frosted sugar cookies from the kitchen . 
 i had n't heard her come down , but then again i had n't been paying attention . 
 `` thank you megan '' matthias smiled fondly at megan . 
 the tea was hot and had the soothing smell of chamomile . 
 i took a cup out of politeness even though matthias and megan knew i would not drink it . 
 megan seemed to be one of those southern women who were polite to a fault . 
 she smiled at me like she did n't know i was a vampire , and it was nice to forget that i was different from everyone else ; that i was a monster . 
 i smiled back at megan . 
 `` ya 'll must be tired after driving so far '' megan said . 
 `` matthias , you can have your usual room and lily you can ... '' megan broke off . 
 `` it 's ok , i do n't sleep so i 'll be fine down here '' i said . 
 `` come on , i 'll take you to town . 
 you can feed there '' matthias asked after touching my arm . 
 if i had enough blood in my system i would have blushed . 
 just when i was feeling normal matthias had to remind me that i was a vampire . 
 `` i should go to bed '' megan said , and i realized that talk of me feeding made her uncomfortable . 
 i could n't blame her , if i was a human i would n't want to be in the same room as a hungry vampire . 
 `` you should sleep too . 
 you do n't have to come with me '' i told matthias . 
 `` you need to feed ; i 'm going with you '' he said . 
 `` do n't you trust me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you do n't know the area , i can help you '' he said . 
 `` i do n't want you to see me feeding '' i told him . 
 `` then i wo n't look , but i 'm coming with you '' he said . 
 `` but , you really need to sleep '' i said . 
 `` then you should hurry '' he said . 
 chapter 8 we drove until we found a small dive bar . 
 matthias walked in a minute after i did so that no one would think we were there together . 
 the seat i chose was at the end of the bar where i would have the best view of the other patrons . 
 matthias sat at a table in the corner of the bar as far from me as the small room would allow . 
 i could feel his eyes on me . 
 i knew i needed to hurry so he could get some sleep . 
 i wished he had n't come with me ; i wished i did n't have to feed , but wishing did n't change anything . 
 just then a man sat down in the stool next to me . 
 `` what 's a pretty thing like you doing in a place like this '' the man said . 
 he looked like he was in his early to mid-thirties , but it was hard to tell with the thick blond beard . 
 he was n't the victim i usually went for , but he would do . 
 `` just looking for a little fun '' i said . 
 `` i 've got a rig outside ; we could have some fun in there '' the man said . 
 `` sounds perfect '' i smiled . 
 it was perfect . 
 better the back of a rig then in a dark alley . 
 `` after you '' he said . 
 i stood and walked towards the door with his hand on my back leading me . 
 i wanted to move away from the man , but i needed this . 
 the funny thing was that the man thought he was in control . 
 the man 's rig was purple with flames painted on it . 
 the inside was littered with fast food cartons . 
 i sat on the bed and he sat next to me . 
 `` my name is ... '' `` i do n't need to know your name '' i interrupted him . 
 i did n't need to remember his name for years to come . 
 `` just thought you might want to get to know each other '' he ran a hand up my arm and i felt revulsion well up inside me . 
 `` no '' i just wanted to get this over with . 
 i took his head in my hands and forced him down on the bed with me on top of him . 
 i turned his head as i felt my canines lengthen to their full size . 
 i sank my teeth into the soft skin above his pulse points . 
 he cried out for a moment before the pheromones took effect and sent his mind to what tino called the `` happy place '' . 
 then the blood from his veins filled my mouth . 
 i drank quickly and i took as much as he could spare before i withdrew my teeth and kissed the twin wounds to make them heal instantly . 
 vampires did n't need to kill . 
 in fact , the pheromones and the healing agent in our saliva made it very easy for us to not kill . 
 it was the queen who had decreed that every vampire had to kill . 
 killing seemed to shut off the part of our brains that still made us human . 
 i imagined that it made us easier to control . 
 i left the man to sleep it off , the pheromones and his mind would make up a desirable memory . 
 as i left i wondered how many humans had memories of a romantic encounter that was actually an encounter with a vampire . 
 i saw that matthias was waiting for me in the car when i climbed out of the rig . 
 `` that did n't take long '' matthias said as i took the passenger 's seat in the car . 
 `` it never does '' i wished he would let me drive so he could get some sleep , he looked like he was about to drop , but i knew after what he had just seen me do he needed to drive . 
 we did n't speak for the rest of the trip back to his grandmother 's house . 
 i let myself revel in the warm glowing feeling that a feeding always gave me . 
 we arrived back at the house late into the morning . 
 `` can i trust you to stay down here ? '' 
 matthias asked mockingly . 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere '' i told him . 
 he nodded before he went up to his room to sleep . 
 i could n't have slept if i had needed to . 
 then i heard footsteps on the stairs . 
 i smelled her before i saw her . 
 `` oh , i forgot you were down here '' megan said . 
 she looked beautiful in her blue silk night gown and robe . 
 `` should n't you be sleeping ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` probably , but i ca n't sleep . 
 i was going to make some chamomile tea . 
 would you like some ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` thank you for offering , but i ca n't ... '' i trailed off . 
 `` oh , sorry i forgot '' she said . 
 `` would you keep me company ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` sure '' i said and i followed her into the kitchen . 
 `` i 've never met a vampire before '' she said . 
 `` are you afraid of me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` should i be ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` probably '' i said . 
 `` you fed on someone tonight ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes i did '' i said . 
 `` what 's it like being a vampire ? 
 feeding on people ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` messy '' i said . 
 `` right '' she said . 
 `` what 's it like being pregnant ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` your blood flow increases when you 're pregnant . 
 i can smell it '' i told her . 
 `` oh , i have n't even told bryce '' she said . 
 `` i wo n't say anything '' i said . 
 `` so what do i smell like ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` sweet , like vanilla '' i said . 
 i left the fact that the smell made me look at her like a cupcake . 
 `` probably means it 's a girl '' . 
 `` a girl ... i always wanted a girl '' she smiled . 
 `` me too '' i said . 
 before i 'd become a vampire i had dreamed of having a little girl . 
 i had even thought of names , but that did n't matter anymore . 
 `` can you ... ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no , i ca n't have children '' i let that statement set in . 
 `` oh , that 's kind of sad . 
 but you get to live forever '' she said . 
 `` no one lives forever '' i said . 
 `` i do n't think matthias or your gran would want you to talk to me '' i said . 
 `` i 'm not a child , i do what i want '' she said . 
 `` i find you interesting . 
 you look so young , yet your eyes seem old '' she said . 
 `` i want to know everything about you '' . 
 `` what do you want to know first ? '' 
 i asked . 
 it was nice to talk to someone who did n't hate me because of what i was . 
 `` how did you become a vampire ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` a vampire named endora saved me from a fire by turning me into a vampire '' i told her . 
 `` but , if you can control water why could n't you just put out the fire ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i did n't know about my powers then '' i told her . 
 `` but , they were still there so you would think it would have been a reflex or something '' she said , and she had a good point . 
 i wondered why my powers did n't work the night of the fire . 
 i tried to remember what had happened that night , but all i could remember was the heat and the screaming . 
 the next thing i remembered was waking up with endora standing over me . 
 `` i do n't remember much about that night '' i told her . 
 `` endora , the one who made you a vampire , do you like her ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` she has been nice to me '' i said . 
 `` but you ran away from her '' she said . 
 `` matthias is taking me to the island because i 'm dangerous '' i told her . 
 `` you do n't look dangerous '' she said . 
 `` i am '' i told her . 
 `` you just look like a teenage girl '' she said . 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 she asked `` i was seventeen when i was turned '' i said . 
 `` do you ever wish that you were n't a vampire ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` if i were n't a vampire then i would be dead '' i said . 
 `` is there anything you like about being a vampire ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` the not having to sleep does n't suck , but you should get some sleep '' i said . 
 `` yes , i guess i should '' she said . 
 *** i smelled the sunrise and waited for the slow drain of strength and energy that always came , but this morning it did n't come . 
 i did n't think this could be real , but for some reason the sun was n't affecting me the way it used to . 
 i walked to the window and opened the curtain , letting the direct morning light land on my face , but it did n't burn . 
 i did n't feel the need to overt my eyes . 
 i had not been able to withstand direct morning light since becoming a vampire . 
 i had never been a morning person as a human , and i had regretted every missed sunrise since . 
 i had to see how far i could take this . 
 i opened the front door and felt the sun 's warm light . 
 i walked out onto the pouch and looked up at the roof . 
 i took a breath that i did n't need and walked straight out into the light of the sun . 
 that 's when i felt the heat . 
 the heat threatened to burn me as i looked back at the pouch and wished i had never left its protective cover . 
 then i felt a coldness that started in my core and traveled thru my limbs and out my hands . 
 then my entire body changed to mist and became solid again , but now i did n't feel the heat of the sun . 
 all i felt was cold water flowing thru me . 
 i opened my hands and watched the water gush from my palms like one of those small garden fountains . 
 `` lily , what are you doing ? '' 
 i heard matthias yell from the pouch . 
 `` her water powers negate the sun 's powers against her '' i heard nola say . 
 `` i can stand in full sunlight without it burning '' i said more to myself than anyone else . 
 ten years without a sunrise and now i could watch every sunrise for eternity . 
 i closed my eyes and tipped my head back to feel the full light of the sun on my face . 
 `` since you can be in sunlight now we can leave after breakfast '' matthias said . 
 `` i can stand in full sunlight '' i told him as if he should understand that was all i could think about . 
 for ten years i had lived without the sun . 
 i could n't explain how it felt to stand in the early morning sunlight . 
 `` i know '' he said . 
 `` no , you do n't '' i told him . 
 `` this means a lot to you '' he said . 
 `` ten years without a morning '' i said . 
 a smile crossed his face . 
 `` you need to come in '' he said . 
 `` just a minute longer '' i said . 
 `` you have eternity '' he said , and he was right . 
 i never had to miss another sunrise . 
 i followed matthias back into the house where i instantly smelled bacon and eggs cooking . 
 `` my cousins got in this morning '' he told me . 
 the house was full of a happy togetherness that i had n't felt since becoming a vampire . 
 being a vampire was all about power plays and mind games . 
 i found the whole family breakfast to be wholesome and comforting . 
 i did n't realize how much i missed being human . 
 `` who 's the vampire ? '' 
 asked one of two men sitting at the kitchen table . 
 he had big brown eyes that sparkled with the light of a smile that did n't quite reach the rest of his face . 
 `` the better question is why is she here ? '' 
 the other man at the table asked . 
 the second man had dark , narrow eyes that felt like they were boring into me . 
 his thin lips drew a hard line on his face . 
 i wondered if he got headaches from clinching his jaw . 
 `` she 's my guest . 
 i 'm taking her to the island '' matthias said . 
 i wished everyone would stop putting labels on me . 
 it was like i was n't a person anymore . 
 i was a vampire , but i wished i could just be lily again . 
 `` well , i guess gran is letting anyone into the house now . 
 next , we 'll be inviting the queen over for tea '' the man with the dark narrow eyes said . 
 `` these are my cousin 's bryce '' matthias pointed to the man with the happy eyes , then to the man with the dark eyes `` and lucas '' . 
 megan was sitting next to bryce and she was looking at him as if he was her whole world . 
 there was so much love in those small eyes . 
 i wished i could know what that felt like , but i was not destined for love or happiness . 
 i had accepted that , but now seeing it like this was bring up feelings i did n't want to feel . 
 i did my best to push the unwanted feelings out of my mind as i took a seat at the table . 
 matthias sat next to nola who was at the head of the table . 
 i looked at the empty plate in front of me ; i was grateful no one bothered to pass me any food because that would have been awkward . 
 matthias 's family shared stories and laughed at inside jokes . 
 i tried not to pay too close attention to the happiness around me because i knew it would only remind me of the family i had lost . 
 after everyone was done eating , i tried to help nola and megan clean up , but nola only gave me a hard look that told me i was not welcome in her kitchen . 
 i conceded the kitchen to nola and walked into the living room where bryce and lucas had found a ball game to watch . 
 i walked out the front door and sat on the porch swing . 
 the swing was one of those wooden benches that were hung from the ceiling . 
 there was no padding , but i did n't need it . 
 i held onto the chain as i rocked back and forth . 
 i smelled the warm sweet scent before i heard matthias come out from the house . 
 he sat next to me on the swing . 
 `` so what happens now ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` we go to the island '' he said . 
 `` then what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` then we will be at the island '' he said . 
 `` then all our problems will dissolve . '' 
 i said . 
 `` you will understand once we are on the island '' he said . 
 `` where were your cousins ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the fact that i had n't heard them come in the night before was still bothering me . 
 there was n't much that my vampire senses missed . 
 `` they were hunting '' he said . 
 `` what can you hunt in summer ? '' 
 i asked . 
 my dad had gone deer hunting every winter . 
 `` anything they can find '' he seemed to not understand the question . 
 `` but it 's not hunting season '' i said . 
 `` they do n't pay attention to hunting laws '' he said with a smile . 
 `` we should get going . 
 the sooner we get to the island the better '' he said . 
 as we walked towards his truck i noticed that he was carrying a black duffel bag . 
 i watched him he load it into the bed of his truck as i took a seat on the passenger side . 
 we were driving for about an hour before i noticed that we were headed north . 
 `` if we are going to an island should n't we being heading towards water ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the island is on another plane . 
 the only way to get there is thru a portal . 
 the closest portal is in jackson '' he said . 
 `` what do you mean it is on another plane ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the island does n't exist in this world . 
 that 's how we are going to escape from endora . 
 only someone with a blood bond to the island can let someone in or out of the island '' he said . 
 we drove for another hour . 
 then i noticed that matthias was headed for the jackson airport . 
 `` i thought we were taking a portal ? 
 not getting on a plane '' i said . 
 `` the portal is at the airport '' he said . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` can you think of a better place ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i could n't , but then i had never thought about where to put a portal to another plane before . 
 matthias parked the truck in long term parking . 
 he told me the portal was in the men 's bathroom at the airport . 
 i guessed they did n't have a lot of women coming and going from the island . 
 `` i hope you do n't mind what people will think '' he said as he led me into a stall . 
 `` it 's not like it 's my first time in a men 's room '' i said and he laughed . 
 once we were in the stall he shut the door . 
 then everything was dark and the air was cold . 
 i felt goose bumps forming on my arms and i rubbed them to keep them warm . 
 then i realized that i was cold . 
 i had n't felt cold since becoming a vampire . 
 my scenes felt dull . 
 i took a breath and felt the air fill my lungs . 
 i put my hand to my chest and felt the familiar thud ... thud ... thud ... `` my heart is beating and i 'm cold '' i told matthias , expecting him to be as shocked as i was . 
 he just smiled at me . 
 `` this place exists outside of the supernatural . 
 you are n't a vampire here '' he said as he pulled out a black robe from his duffel bag and wrapped it around my shoulders . 
 i held it tight and took the warmth it offered . 
 `` our leader will want to meet you '' he said . 
 the portal had brought us somewhere outside . 
 without my vampire senses i could n't tell what time of night it was , but i knew by the height of the moon that it had to be late . 
 i followed matthias as we climbed up a hill and thru a stone city until he stopped in front of a small building with a guard in front of it . 
 i watched as matthias spoke to the guard . 
 `` ... then wake him up '' was all i heard of what matthias said to the guard . 
 then the guard left . 
 , presumably to wake up whoever matthias had told him to . 
 i followed matthias into the small building . 
 we let ourselves into the small office . 
 matthias eyed the small chair on the opposite side of the desk . 
 `` you can sit there , but i would n't '' he said . 
 i did n't sit . 
 we both turned as we heard the door open . 
 a man who looked like he was barely in his thirties walked thru the door . 
 he reminded me of a caged tiger . 
 `` i 'm father caligari , i 've waited so long to meet you '' he said . 
 `` i 'm lily culpepper '' i said . 
 even though i was sure he already knew my name , i did n't know what else to say . 
 `` what happens now ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the words just fell from my lips . 
 it was a simple question , but the answer to it would decide the fate of the rest of my life . 
 `` you 'll live here '' he said . 
 `` forever ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i 'm afraid you 're not going to be able to leave ever '' he did n't even look at me when he said this . 
 `` we will make some more permanent arrangements for you '' . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` there is a small house on an isolated part of the island . 
 you can make a good life for yourself here '' he said . 
 `` as for tonight , i 'm sure we can find something for you '' he said . 
 `` she can stay with me tonight '' matthias said . 
 caligari raised a brow , but did n't say anything . 
 `` very well , and as for you matthias , i 'm a man of my word , you will have your payment . 
 you 're bond will be broken after you leave the island '' he said . 
 `` i thought ... '' matthias trailed off . 
 `` you ca n't stay on the island without your blood bond . 
 you will need to leave tomorrow '' caligari said . 
 `` now , if you will excuse me i would like to get back to bed '' . 
 i followed matthias to a small cold room that i assumed was his room . 
 it was furnished with a nice twin bed in the corner , a chest , and a desk and chair . 
 `` so , that 's why you brought me here '' i said . 
 `` it was the only way you could be free '' . 
 `` that 's not the only reason . 
 you 'll be safe here '' he said . 
 `` and you 'll be gone '' i said . 
 `` i did n't know i would have to leave '' he said . 
 `` what happens if you stay ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` then my life will continue to belong to the brotherhood '' he said . 
 i knew what it was like to live a life that was n't your own and i could n't ask that of him . 
 `` lily , if i could ... '' i thought i had given up on a life with matthias a long time ago , but now hearing the words from his own mouth hurt more than anything i 'd ever experienced . 
 it was like my heart was falling , but the rest of my body was staying still . 
 `` no , you should leave . 
 you should be free to live your life '' i told him . 
 he closed the gap between us . 
 i ran my hands up his chest , letting them rest on his shoulders . 
 we just stood there looking at each other , waiting . 
 maybe we were waiting for the moment to be right , or maybe we were waiting for the moment to pass , but it did n't . 
 when his lips touched mine the flame inside me became a full blown fire . 
 `` what happens now ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` now we get some sleep . 
 you take the bed . 
 i 'll sleep on the floor '' he said , and i wanted to tell him that i was n't tired so that we could have more time until i realized how tired i was . 
 i had almost forgotten what it was like to be tired . 
 chapter 9 i slept well for the first time in ten years . 
 i woke with the faint memory of a sweet dream in my mind . 
 through my small window i saw that the day was blazing with late morning sun . 
 i rose from the small bed and winced when my feet hit the cold wooden floor . 
 i was going to have to start wearing socks . 
 i looked over to where matthias had slept , but he was n't there . 
 my heart sank . 
 i knew he had to leave , but i had hoped he would say goodbye . 
 i wondered if the last few days had meant anything to him , or if he had just done everything so that he could be free from the blood bond with the brotherhood . 
 i turned when i heard the door open . 
 then i saw matthias 's smiling face as he walked into the room . 
 my heart skipped at the sight of him . 
 he had n't left yet ; i would at least get to say good bye . 
 my heart sank again at the thought of saying good bye to matthias . 
 `` you missed breakfast , but i saved you something . 
 i remember you used to like these '' he said as he held out a large bright red apple . 
 i stared at it and tried to remember what it would taste like ; i remembered that i used to eat apples , but it seemed like a different life . 
 i took the apple from his hand . 
 i savored the crisp tartness as i bit into the waxy skin . 
 when i looked up i saw that matthias 's smile had widened . 
 `` how is it ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` amazing '' i said in-between bites . 
 nothing had ever tasted as good as that apple . 
 `` are n't you supposed to be gone ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i have to leave tonight , but today i 'm taking you to the beach '' he said . 
 i followed him out of my room and into the cool morning ; we did n't have to walk far till we were standing on the rocks watching the clear blue waves crash against the white sands . 
 matthias smiled at me and held out his hand . 
 i took his hand and savored the warmth i felt . 
 it was odd to be able to feel the warmth of skin and the chill in the air . 
 as we climbed down the rocks to the beach i slipped , and i would have fallen hard onto the rocks if matthias had n't been there to catch me . 
 i laughed ; human reflexes were just one more thing i was going to have to get used to again . 
 matthias looked at me like i was going crazy , but then he laughed . 
 `` i guess i 'll have to get used to walking as a human again '' i said . 
 `` it 's a good thing i 'm here to catch you '' he said . 
 i smiled ; it felt good to not be alone , to know that there was someone to catch me when i fell . 
 after today i would be alone , and there would n't be anyone to catch me . 
 when we were back on the beach i watched as matthias removed his shoes , and i did the same . 
 the sand enveloped my feet in its soft , warm embrace . 
 i closed my eyes and wiggled my toes in the sand . 
 when i opened my eyes i saw matthias staring at me . 
 his face did n't wear the same smug grin that it usually did . 
 in its place was sadness . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` i wish things could have been different with us . 
 i ca n't imagine what your life has been like '' he said . 
 `` worrying about the past does n't change it . 
 what happened to us happened , and there is nothing we can do about it , but you can let me enjoy this day '' i said . 
 the last thing i wanted to think about today was the last ten years , and i did n't want matthias 's pity . 
 i shot him a smile before turning to run into the ocean . 
 the cool waves felt good under the hot sun . 
 i let the waves submerge and wash over me . 
 then i felt a hand pulling me out of the water . 
 `` you 're not immortal anymore . 
 you have to be more careful '' he said . 
 then i splashed him in the face . 
 i did n't mean for it to be that high , but the look on his face made me laugh . 
 then he splashed me back even harder . 
 i smiled and raised my hand to splash him back , but before my hand touched the water a wall of water raised itself between us . 
 i looked at my hands and raised them even higher . 
 the wall mimicked my movements . 
 i lowered my hands hoping that the wall would fall back into the ocean . 
 the wall did fall to the ocean , but first it fell on matthias and knocked him flat on his butt . 
 i covered my gasp with my hand as i gave him a hand to help him up . 
 `` i did n't mean to do that '' i told him . 
 `` sure you did n't '' he said with doubt in his voice . 
 `` i promise ; i did n't '' i said , and we both laughed . 
 i did n't even notice that i was in his arms until his lips were on mine . 
 his lips were soft and firm on mine , and i felt a warm ache start in my core . 
 i felt his hand stroke the back of my neck and a shiver ran down my spine . 
 then i felt his lips leave mine to kiss a trail down to the base of my neck . 
 the tips of his fingers made a trail up and down my arms . 
 he led me back up to the beach and then down onto the waiting blanket . 
 we laid on the beach quietly , long enough for the sun to move just slightly west . 
 `` do you remember senior skip day ? '' 
 he asked me . 
 i had n't thought of that day for a long time . 
 `` how could i forget the first time i saw the beach . 
 we drove to the gulf and walked on the beach '' i told him . 
 `` i thought vampires forgot their human lives '' he said . 
 `` we do , but it takes time and people or things can trigger memories '' i said . 
 `` so one day you would have forgotten me '' he said . 
 `` yes '' i said . 
 he did n't know how close i had come to forgetting . 
 `` but now that i 'm here ... '' i trailed off . 
 now that i was here i would n't forget about him . 
 i would n't become the monster that i could have become . 
 `` yeah , now that you 're here ... '' he said . 
 matthias had brought me to this beautiful place where i could be human . 
 he had given me this wonderful new life , but it did n't mean anything if he was n't in it . 
 he had made me human again , but he was taking away the only reason i wanted to be human . 
 `` but we have today '' i said . 
 i chose not to think about tomorrow . 
 i chose not to think about how i was going to live as a human , knowing that i would never see matthias again . 
 when i was a vampire there seemed like there was always hope that i would see him again , but now i knew that i would have a life without him . 
 `` yes , we have today '' he said then he took my hand and together we ran into the ocean , letting the waves crash against our bodies . 
 i noticed how our bodies just seemed to fit together like they were made for the other . 
 i tried not to think about the fact that this would be our last day together . 
 this would be the only chance i had to feel the warmth his body lent mine as he held me . 
 this would be the last time i would feel the stubble on his cheek as his face nuzzled mine . 
 this would be the last time i kissed the spot next to his ear lobe , and the last time i would hear the resulting groan that escaped his lips . 
 then his lips were on mine . 
 his lips moved with my lips in a dance that was older than time . 
 his kiss filled me with a warmth that i thought i would never feel again . 
 my body felt heavy , but my head was light . 
 i felt like he was anchoring me to the ground and floating into the heavens with me at the same time . 
 i wanted to be closer to him ; i needed to be closer to him . 
 i wanted to stay in this moment forever . 
 i would remember this feeling for the rest of my life . 
 i would cherish this memory every day of my life . 
 chapter 10 i woke up to the sounds of crashing waves and realized that i must have drifted off . 
 the sun had moved lower in the sky , threatening to end my last day with matthias . 
 matthias was still sleeping next to me . 
 the weight of his arm gave me a comfort i could n't understand , but it also filled me with sadness because i knew i would never feel this way again . 
 i would do anything to make this never end . 
 then i heard something like a voice calling to me from the water . 
 it was like the water itself was calling to me and i could n't resist . 
 i walked out into the waves , hesitating when i felt the chill of the water penetrate my skin all the way to my bones ; but the call was too much to resist . 
 i kept walking until the i was completely submerged in the water . 
 i was n't used to the feeling of powerlessness that i felt as the waves took me deeper and deeper under the water . 
 i realized that without my vampire powers i should be drowning , but i was n't . 
 it was as if the ocean was giving me just enough air to breath . 
 they saw me before i saw them ; they were all beautiful young women with hair to their waists . 
 then i noticed that they were all naked . 
 the one i had first seen made a motion with her head as if she wanted me to follow her . 
 i copied her movements as she took me even deeper under the ocean . 
 the other women followed behind us . 
 i could feel the pressure of the ocean bearing down on me as we swam deeper and deeper . 
 just when i thought i could n't go any deeper we came to a cave . 
 the woman i had been following stood on the ledge of the cave and motioned for me to go on without her . 
 i stopped and looked at her wondering if she would follow me into the cave . 
 she shook her head as if she understood my thoughts . 
 the cave was dark and without my vampire sight i was completely blind . 
 i had to feel the cave wall to know where i was going . 
 i was beginning to think that this was madness , but what could i do now . 
 i just had to keep walking . 
 the woman had to have led me here for a reason . 
 i just hoped it was n't so that i could die . 
 just when i was about to turn back i started to see faint shadows . 
 they started as just gray flashes , but then i saw the streaks of light . 
 i walked faster and the light grew brighter the farther into the cave i went . 
 i realized that i was no longer in the water , but had walked into a pocket of air . 
 i found that the light was coming from a fire . 
 the fire was lit in an ornate hearth in the center of a large room . 
 in front of the hearth was a woman lounging on a velvet covered couch . 
 she was intently watching the flames dance in the hearth as if she had been there for hundreds of years just waiting for me to find her . 
 `` come and sit with me in front of the fire so i can see what you look like '' she said . 
 her voice was like honey , it was sweet and it clung to the air . 
 as i came closer i saw that her skin was pale and looked as if it would be cold to the touch . 
 her hair was a warm chocolate brown , and it hung in loose curls around her heart shaped face . 
 her eyes were the palest green i had ever seen . 
 i sat on the couch opposite from the woman . 
 `` i thought you would be prettier '' she said once she got a good look at me . 
 `` i 'm sorry ... '' i did n't know what else to say . 
 `` oh well ... i suppose there is only so much bloodlines can do , and it 's not as if you 're ugly , i just thought you would be ... well ... i guess that 's not important '' she said . 
 `` i see you found the island '' she said . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 it sounded rude even as i asked it , but i did want to know and she did n't seem to be volunteering the information . 
 `` you already know who i am '' she said . 
 `` you 're my mother '' i said . 
 `` yes '' . 
 `` i saw you when i was with the fortune teller , but you looked different '' i said . 
 `` you saw me thru her eyes so you saw what she imaged me to look like '' she said . 
 `` this is the first and last time you will ever see me , but i had to warn you that you ca n't stay on the island '' . 
 `` but the brotherhood says it is the only way '' i said . 
 `` of course they did '' she said . 
 `` those idiots will never understand destiny '' she said . 
 `` you ca n't hide from what you are . 
 you have a destiny and you have to find it . 
 all that waits for you there is death '' she said . 
 `` the brotherhood told me i could have a normal life '' i told her . 
 `` they lied to you . 
 they are n't going to risk keeping you a alive . 
 they are planning to kill you '' she said . 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` caligari is my grandson and your nephew '' she said . 
 `` his mother was one of my descendants , the last descendant before you . 
 she died because she could n't control the power and she took caligari 's father and his sister with her . 
 caligari is not going to risk letting you live '' she said . 
 `` if descendants are so dangerous why would you risk making another one ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i made you because you are different '' she said . 
 `` how am i different ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you just are '' she said . 
 `` now go . '' 
 `` but where will i go ? '' 
 i asked more to myself than to her . 
 for a day i had believed that i could have a normal life , but now my mother was telling me that i had to give up this life . 
 she was telling me that i had to risk the destruction of the world or let the brotherhood kill me . 
 maybe this world would be better off without me . 
 maybe i should just let the brotherhood kill me . 
 it was n't the first time i had thought that death was the better option . 
 i wished that this day had never existed , that i had never been allowed to see the life i was giving up . 
 it had been easier when i had n't known what was taken from me . 
 `` once you leave you will find your way . 
 i wish you could have had a real mother who would have taken care of you and given you advice , but all i can do for you is to tell you to leave the island . 
 do n't try to find this place again because you wo n't be able to '' she said . 
 her tone made it clear that our conversation was over . 
 i stood from the couch and walked to the opening of the cave . 
 i was suddenly emerged in water again . 
 i looked back , but the opening to the cave was gone . 
 i swam to the surface alone . 
 apparently the water women had better things to do . 
 i walked back up to the beach to find matthias waiting for me . 
 i wanted to see his lazy half grin that i hated , but his face was far from happy . 
 there was sadness in his eyes that i did n't want to see . 
 i did n't want to remember him this way . 
 i only wanted to think of him as being happy . 
 i did n't want to remember this moment . 
 i did n't even want this moment to happen , but i knew that i did n't have a choice . 
 i could n't have had last night without having today . 
 i could n't have had the sweetness of that one perfect day without the bitterness of goodbye . 
 even though i would not be staying on the island i could still never be with matthias . 
 our lives would be too different . 
 once i left the island i would be a vampire again . 
 i knew matthias would n't be with me as a vampire . 
 `` you should just leave now . 
 i think it will be easier '' i told him . 
 `` i do n't want to say goodbye '' . 
 `` if that 's what you want '' he said . 
 i felt a wealth of emotion welling up inside me . 
 i wanted to make the feelings stop . 
 i wanted to not care that i would never see matthias again . 
 i did n't want to think about what was going to happen the moment i left the island . 
 i just wanted to enjoy the last moments i would ever have with matthias . 
 `` i love you '' it was the first and only time i would ever say those words . 
 `` i love you too '' he caressed my cheek as he brushed a lock of my hair from my face . 
 i felt the feelings welling up again , but i managed to push them down . 
 he pressed his lips hard against mine and i savored the touch . 
 i drank in the sweet taste of his lips . 
 i wanted to remember this feeling forever . 
 `` i 've wanted my freedom for so long , but now all i want is you '' he said . 
 `` you have to go and be with your family '' i told him . 
 `` you 'll be safe here . 
 promise me you 'll stay here . 
 promise me you will make a life for yourself here , and that you will forget about me '' he said . 
 `` i promise '' i lied . 
 how could i tell him the truth ? 
 how could i tell him that i would never be safe ? 
 i could n't tell him that i would never have the happy life i wanted . 
 he would have a good life . 
 he would be with his family again . 
 he would find someone else , someone who made him happy . 
 all i ever wanted was for him to be happy , and i knew that i would never make him happy . 
 he needed to find someone else to make him happy . 
 `` i have to leave now . 
 i wo n't say goodbye , but i am going to kiss you one more time '' he said . 
 i lost myself in that last kiss . 
 i lost myself in the way he molded his body to mine ; in the way that our lips just knew what the other wanted . 
 i wanted to stay lost forever , but all too soon i felt him pull away . 
 i wanted to resist ; i wanted to hold him there , but i would n't do that because i knew that would only make it harder for him to leave . 
 once he pulled away my mind began to resister where i was again . 
 the portal that would take him to the freedom he had always wanted was a few paces behind us . 
 he picked up the bag i had n't noticed he had been carrying . 
 just before he left he looked back at me and shot me a lazy half grin , and i almost cried . 
 he was giving me the one thing i wanted . 
 he was giving me a good last memory and i would give him the same ; so i held back the tears that threatened to fall , and i gave him the biggest smile i could muster . 
 he knew i was faking it , but it did n't matter as this last look was all we would ever have . 
 i watched as he disappeared thru the thin veil of the portal . 
 i felt the weight of a hand on my shoulder . 
 normally this feeling would give me comfort , but it did n't this time . 
 i knew the hand belonged to caligari before i turned to look at him . 
 `` i need you to come to my office so we can discuss your place on the island '' he said . 
 `` what is my place here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i 'd prefer to talk in my office '' . 
 `` i 'd prefer not to die '' . 
 `` i wanted to do this quietly , but if you want to do this here we can do this here '' he said . 
 i noticed that caligari was not alone . 
 there were two large looking members of the brotherhood behind him . 
 two days ago i would n't have been afraid of three humans , but now i was realizing how small and frail i was as a human . 
 i had wanted this , to be human again , but i did n't want to feel this helpless . 
 for the first time i wanted to be a vampire again . 
 i wanted to feel the power i felt as a vampire . 
 i did n't want this to be the way it ended for me . 
 `` you do n't have to do this '' i told him . 
 `` you have to understand '' he said . 
 `` it 's not that i want to kill you '' . 
 `` then do n't , just let me stay here on the island '' i said . 
 `` i ca n't risk anyone getting hurt because i did n't do what needed to be done '' he said . 
 `` you 're not the only water descendant out there . 
 several years ago there was a water descendant who lost control and killed many people , one of which was my mother . 
 do n't worry , i 'll make it as quick and painless as i can . 
 that 's more than my mother got '' he said . 
 `` just turn around and look at the ocean . 
 it will be over soon '' i noticed the gun in his palm , and i felt chill down my spine . 
 i used to think that if i could n't be human i would rather be dead , but now i was rethinking that opinion . 
 i looked pass caligari and into the thin veil of the portal that would take me back to the world that i knew . 
 i could run for it , but i would never make it . 
 all i could do was what caligari said and spend my last moments looking at the ocean . 
 i was tired of fighting and there was nothing i could do . 
 i was just a frail human . 
 this is what i wanted . 
 i heard the gunshot and waited for the pain , but it did n't come . 
 for a moment i thought caligari was right . 
 i thought he had given me a painless death . 
 i thought that the afterlife looked just like the beach on the island . 
 i heard a second gun shot . 
 then i realized that i was still on the island . 
 i turned and saw that the two brothers with caligari were lying face down in the sand . 
 matthias was standing over the fallen men with a gun pointed at caligari . 
 caligari was pointing the gun he held at matthias . 
 i wondered why matthias would come back . 
 he could have had everything he ever wanted , but now he had a gun pointed at his head . 
 `` you 're not part of this '' caligari said . 
 `` you 're wrong '' matthias said . 
 `` lily , go '' he said . 
 `` i ca n't leave you '' i said . 
 `` you have to '' he said . 
 `` no '' . 
 `` lily , you have to go '' i knew this was my only chance to get to the portal , but my feet were rooted to the ground . 
 i could n't leave matthias . 
 then i heard the shot and i watched him fall . 
 i watched as caligari turned to aim the gun at me . 
 i ran for the portal as fast as i could . 
 i was barely thru the thin veil before the gun went off . 
 then i was in the men 's room of the jackson airport again . 
 i slowly walked out of the stall . 
 there was a man at the urinal who turned to look at me . 
 i shrugged at him before i walked out of the restroom and in to the main terminal . 
 i did n't think caligari would follow me though the portal , but i kept walking at a fairly quick speed , and i quickly was lost in the crowd . 
 once i was out of the airport i ran with my vampire quick speed . 
 i did n't care where i was going ; i just wanted to be far from the portal . 
 i stopped running when i came to a park . 
 it was night so the park was dark and quiet . 
 i fell to my knees in the thick green grass , and i let the tears fall . 
 i let every tear i had ever held in fall onto the plush soil . 
 it was n't long before i felt like every drop of water had been rung from my body . 
 `` it 's ok sweetheart '' i heard the familiar sing song voice . 
 i looked up to see endora 's sweet smile looking down on me . 
 chapter 11 the old langley house was just as i remembered it . 
 it was like i never left . 
 it felt odd to be back with endora after everything i 'd been thru , but in a way it also felt right . 
 it felt like this was where i was supposed to be . 
 i should n't have gone with matthias and tried to be something i could never be . 
 i did n't know if this was the destiny that my mother had told me about , but i did n't care anymore . 
 i did n't want a destiny if it did n't have matthias in it . 
 this was the only way i could be free . 
 my mother had never done anything for me , but now she expected me to follow some destiny she had planned for me . 
 a destiny that only led to pain and loneliness ; i did n't want that destiny . 
 i did n't want a destiny that involved killing people and leaving orphans like caligari . 
 `` so you 're back '' i heard tino say from the porch . 
 there was no emotion in tino 's voice ; it was as if he never doubted the fact that i would be back . 
 `` yes '' i told him . 
 he moved away from the door and allowed endora and i to enter the house . 
 `` come and sit with me . 
 we have much to catch up on '' she said . 
 then she motioned for tino to leave . 
 once tino was out of sight she turned to me . 
 her face was unchanged , but i knew we were about to have a serious discussion . 
 `` i do n't need to know why you left , but i do need to know that you are devoted to staying here and being the vampire that i need you to be '' she said . 
 `` do you remember when i told you about how i became a vampire ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes , you were living on the street when castor found you . '' 
 `` yes , but what i did n't tell you is that i was n't living on the streets alone '' she said . 
 `` i had a daughter . 
 she died before castor found me . 
 we did n't have a lot of food and she got sick . 
 i did what i could to get her medicine , but it did n't help . 
 she died before her first birthday . '' 
 i did n't know what to say . 
 i had always seen endora as a powerful vampire . 
 i had never thought about what her life had been like before becoming a vampire . 
 i realized that life had not been kind to endora . 
 `` i lost my daughter before i ever got to know her . 
 the pain was so bad i did n't want to live anymore . 
 i started living a reckless life that would have gotten me killed . 
 then castor found me and he told me he could make me not feel the pain , and he did . 
 becoming a vampire and killing did take the pain away , but it also took away the happiness i felt as a human . 
 i remember losing my daughter , but i do n't remember the pain . 
 i also do n't remember what it feels like to be happy . 
 i think i was happy when my daughter was born , but i do n't remember . 
 i want you to go into this knowing what it will take from you '' she said . 
 `` i am ready for this and i do n't care what it takes away from me '' i told her . 
 i thought about yesterday and about how happy i was with matthias , but then i thought about what it felt like to watch him die . 
 i knew that i would trade the happiness of that day to not feel the pain . 
 `` and you understand what it means ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes '' i said . 
 `` then we wo n't talk about your leaving anymore . 
 i 'm just glad you are home '' she said . 
 `` it 's getting early . 
 you should rest '' she said . 
 `` we are going to meet the queen , and we leave tomorrow night '' . 
 i gave endora a small smile as i walked up the stairs to my bedroom . 
 when i opened the door the pink threatened to make me sick . 
 i closed the thick curtains before taking off the clothes i had been wearing for the last two days . 
 i filled the bathtub with warm water and bath salts . 
 i washed my hair and then sank deep into the warmth of the water . 
 i lay on the soft bubble gum pink bed , but the sweet oblivion of sleep would not come . 
 tomorrow night i would meet the queen and she would decide if i deserved to live as a vampire or if i would be killed . 
 i knew i would have to make a choice . 
 i would have to do the thing i had been avoiding . 
 i would have to kill someone . 
 i told myself that it did n't matter if i killed or not . 
 whoever they brought for me to kill would still end up just as dead . 
 i was a vampire and it was in my nature to kill . 
 i needed to stop fighting who i was and accept that i was n't the descendant of the water elemental , only a vampire . 
 i would make my kill tomorrow and give away the last of my humanity . 
 i would accept my destiny , but it would be the destiny that i chose . 
 matthias was gone . 
 he would never know what i would become . 
 the only way to not be the descendant of the water elemental was to fully embrace the vampire inside me . 
 if i gave up the last of my humanity then the water powers inside me would die . 
 everything that i was would die . 
 i did n't know what i would become , but i knew that i would n't feel this pain . 
 i knew that tomorrow this would all be over . 
 chapter 12 i watched the sun set from the window of my room . 
 i could n't let endora or anyone else know that i did n't feel the burn of the sun . 
 soon we would be leaving for the queen 's sanctuary . 
 i had never met the queen , and i was n't looking forward to meeting her . 
 every new vampire had to be presented to the queen , but i knew that endora had been waiting until i made my first kill . 
 there were stories about the queen killing new vampires that she did n't approve of . 
 i knew she would not approve of the fact that i had n't made a kill , but i had to hope that endora would protect me . 
 i threw a few clothes into a bag before i took a deep breath and went downstairs . 
 `` the land witch is ready to go '' i watched as tino loaded a bound and gagged jane into the van . 
 i looked at jane 's face and i almost wished that i could help her . 
 i wished that our world did n't exist the way that it , did but i knew there was nothing i could do to help her . 
 jane had made her choice the moment she had gotten into my car . 
 at best she would be taken to the queen and kept a slave like the humans . 
 at worst they would have me kill her . 
 i knew that if endora asked me to kill jane i would . 
 it would be easier to kill someone that i did n't know . 
 we spent several days driving in a van with blacked out windows . 
 castor was the only one to drive . 
 eventually we reached a coast , it was impossible to tell which one . 
 castor drove us deep into a dark cave where the sub-shuttles were docked . 
 the windows to the sub-shuttle were not blacked out and i watched as we dove deeper and deeper . 
 i watched as the ocean floor opened up to us . 
 it was night , but the lights on the shuttle illuminated the water around us . 
 i knew we were close to the queen 's sanctuary when i saw the water witches . 
 they were the reason for the myth of mermaids . 
 the sanctuary was built to look like a castle , but it actually looked more like a prison with the reinforced steel necessary to withstand the pressure of being so far underwater . 
 inside the sanctuary was a different world . 
 it was like stepping back in time . 
 it seemed like a wonderful place where anything could happen . 
 the japanese influences gave the place a peaceful and calming atmosphere . 
 you would never guess that this was the lair of the powerful and deadly vampire queen . 
 `` caster , you were expected over a week ago '' we were greeted by a man who i assumed was some kind of witch since he was n't a vampire . 
 i saw nothing noteworthy about the man until i looked up and saw his eyes . 
 the iris of his eyes were almost as dark as his pupils and they stood out against his pale skin . 
 it was n't just the color that stood out ; those eyes looked like they missed nothing and knew everything . 
 `` yes , we were delayed '' caster said , and i was impressed that he managed to keep the sarcasm from his voice . 
 `` your accommodations are ready for you as always . 
 the queen will see you tomorrow after you have rested from you trip '' the dark eyed man said . 
 the accommodations he was referring to was one of the seven wings that were used when the council members and their entourage were in residence . 
 once we were in castor 's wing everyone began dividing up the room . 
 tino and one of castors vampires got into a heated argument about who should be in one of the larger rooms . 
 i had to keep from smiling when castor 's vampire won and tino was forced to share a room with another vampire . 
 my room was barely big enough for me to move around the twin bed , but it was private . 
 i sat on my small bed . 
 i did n't think that i would be able to find the peace i needed before the night came . 
 so instead of worrying about my first kill , i thought about how i would feel afterwards . 
 i thought about the peace that was supposed to come when i gave up my humanity . 
 i thought about what it would feel like to not have my humanity . 
 i would be like endora and tino . 
 i would be the vampire that i was meant to be . 
 i would n't be who i was anymore . 
 i did n't want to be who i was anymore . 
 i did n't want to feel human emotions any longer . 
 i was n't even able to find the vampire-like sleep that i craved . 
 every time i closed my eyes all i could see was caligari killing matthias . 
 matthias was n't supposed to come back for me . 
 he was supposed to leave and live the rest of his live without thinking of me . 
 instead , he died saving me . 
 i rose from the bed well before sunset and went into the main room of the wing . 
 i found castor sitting alone . 
 i thought about going back to my room , but by the time i turned around he had already seen me . 
 `` are you ready for this ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` do i have a choice ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i like you '' he said . 
 `` i 'm glad someone does '' i said . 
 `` do you know how to waltz ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no '' i said . 
 why would i know how to waltz ? 
 i thought . 
 `` you 're going to need to waltz at the party '' he said as he stood and came towards me . 
 i back away on instinct . 
 `` what party ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the party the queen is throwing . 
 it 's not often all seven council members are together , but when we are you can be sure there will be a big party . 
 the waltz is very simple '' he held out his right hand to me . 
 i reluctantly took it and found myself encircled in his arms . 
 `` put your left hand on my bicep . 
 you are going to go back on your right foot then just follow me '' he said . 
 `` not bad '' he said as i shakily followed his steps . 
 `` why are all seven council members here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i did n't know a lot about the vampire council , but i did know that it took a lot to get them all together . 
 `` because of you '' he said . 
 `` because of what we are hoping you can do '' . 
 `` and what is that ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` i 'll tell you when you are ready , but now you should go upstairs and get ready . 
 you 'll find a dress in the closet in your room '' he said as he let go of me . 
 i forced a smile as i turned and walked back to my room . 
 once i was inside i went straight to the closet and found the dress castor had told me was there . 
 i was expecting something tight fitting and black , but i was pleasantly surprised to find a long flowing white dress . 
 i put the dress on and smiled when i saw myself in the mirror . 
 i reached for the black eyeliner out of habit , but then i put it down realizing it did n't go with the dress . 
 i looked in the mirror again and thought i looked like a bride . 
 that thought made me think of matthias . 
 i wondered if we would have gotten married if things had been different . 
 what would our lives look like now if i was n't a vampire and he was n't in the brotherhood ? 
 i stopped that trail of thought as soon as i felt the tears welling up . 
 crying over matthias would not get me through the night . 
 `` lily , you look ... very pretty '' endora said as i emerged from my small room and entered the large common room . 
 endora and castor were the only ones in the common room . 
 they were sitting close together on the only couch , and by the way they had both turned to look at me as i entered made me think that i had interrupted a private moment . 
 i sat down in the chair opposite of the couch not caring what i had interrupted . 
 we waited in silence for tino to emerge from his room . 
 castor led the four of us onto a large circle balcony where we could look down at the party below . 
 the party guests were a mix of vampires and witches . 
 some of the vampires were feeding from witches . 
 the queen allowed her guests to feed from the witches as long as it was consensual . 
 the witches did n't look like they minded being fed from . 
 for the first time i wondered what it was like for a human to be fed from . 
 to me the feeding looked messy and violent , but the look of bliss on the witches face 's said they felt differently . 
 `` looks like things are in full swing . 
 care to dance ? '' 
 castor asked as he took endora 's hand and led her down the stairs to the dance floor in the middle of the main room . 
 tino and i followed them . 
 once we reached the bottom of the stairs castor led endora onto the dance floor . 
 tino gave me a curt nod then disappeared into the crowd leaving me alone . 
 i was n't alone for long ; soon i was surrounded by vampires and witches alike . 
 some of them made polite conversation , but most of them just whispered about me . 
 i had never felt so on display before . 
 `` would you do me the honor ? '' 
 a vampire wearing the symbol of the council asked , but he was already pulling me onto the dance floor before i could respond . 
 i was thankful that castor had showed me how to waltz because that seemed to be the dance of choice in this place . 
 once the dance ended there was another council member there to take his place . 
 they asked me things like where i was from and when i was turned . 
 none of them asked me anything about being the descendant of the water elemental . 
 i assumed there was a reason for that , but i did n't ask . 
 they also did n't care to offer any information about themselves , and i did n't ask because i did n't care . 
 after the third dance i managed to sneak off to a dark corner to find a moment alone . 
 i just wanted this night to be over . 
 i never again wanted to see matthias die every time i closed my eyes . 
 i had to get thru the night . 
 i told myself that i could do this . 
 i could get thru this party , and i could kill a stranger to save myself . 
 i did n't fully understand what would happen after tonight , but i worry about that tomorrow . 
 `` are you having fun ? '' 
 i looked up to see a dark eyed man watching me . 
 `` i do n't think i 'm meant to have fun '' i told him . 
 `` so , you 're the heir of water elemental that everyone is talking about '' he said . 
 `` and who are you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` my name 's enlil '' he said . 
 `` i meant what are you ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` i 'm an air witch '' he said . 
 `` why are you here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i protect the queen '' he said . 
 `` why would the vampire queen need an air witch to protect her ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` hold out your hand '' he said and i did as he asked . 
 he held out both his hand palms up about a foot under my hand . 
 `` try to move your hand '' he said . 
 the moment i tried to move my hand i felt the pressure . 
 it was like the air was pressing down on my hand from all sides . 
 `` that 's a neat trick , but i still do n't see what use the queen would have for a parlor trick '' i said . 
 then i felt my entire body being frozen . 
 `` if you were human i could compress the air around you so hard it would crush your lungs , but since vampires do n't have the need to breath the pressure wo n't kill you , but it will hold you in place for as long as i want '' he said . 
 `` can all air witches do that ? '' 
 i asked once the pressure had stopped . 
 `` no '' he said . 
 `` there you are '' i heard tino say . 
 `` the time has come . 
 the queen wants to see us '' he said as if he had been reading my thought . 
 just a few minutes more and i would finally be at peace . 
 *** the room we met the queen in was ornately decorated with same the same japanese influences as the rest of the queen 's sanctuary . 
 the room gave off a sense of calm and peace , which i found odd since i would be asked to make my first kill in this room . 
 i would have preferred a cold , sterile room , but i was n't in control in the queen 's sanctuary . 
 i wondered if the queen would let me choose the human that i was to kill or if one had already been chosen for me . 
 i did n't really want to choose the person i would kill , but i also did n't like thinking the choice was n't mine to make . 
 i told myself that it did n't matter . 
 i would kill whoever i could to lose my humanity . 
 i told myself that it would be over quickly . 
 i would bite into the carotid artery and just let the blood flow into me . 
 it would be quick . 
 the room was n't small , but it felt crowded with all seven council members , tino , endora , the queen , and a few witches , including enlil , gathered into the room . 
 the council members were assembled in the back of the room except for castor , who was in the center of the room with endora and me . 
 tino was leaning against one of the side walls . 
 the queen sat at the front of the room with enlil standing at her side . 
 the queen was a small woman by any standards . 
 she looked like she was younger than i was when she was turned into a vampire , but i could tell she was old by looking into her eyes . 
 her eyes told a story of a girl who had seen too much in her many years on this earth . 
 it was odd how her eyes did n't match the rest of her . 
 i thought it was almost jarring to look at her , and i noticed that many in the room did not look directly at her , but i could n't look away . 
 i wondered if i was looking at my future . 
 i wondered if i would become like her . 
 i wondered if one day i would look frozen in time with dangerous eyes . 
 `` so , you 're the one i 've heard so much about '' the queen said . 
 `` i heard you ran away recently , but then you came back . 
 tell me , why did you come back ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` this is where i belong '' i told her . 
 `` and you are ready to fully embrace this life ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes '' i said . 
 then i saw the man behind the queen . 
 i could n't believe i was looking at the man who killed matthias . 
 i hoped that he was the one i would have to kill . 
 killing caligari would be easy . 
 he was the one person i would enjoy killing . 
 i took a step towards him , but i felt the pull of endora 's control telling me that i could n't kill him . 
 `` surprised to see me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes '' it was all i could do to hold back my anger . 
 i did n't want him to know that i cared . 
 i did n't want him to know that he could get to me . 
 endora could only hold me back for so long , and i could wait . 
 one day i would kill him . 
 after tonight i did n't know what i would be , but i did know that i would n't feel an ounce of remorse after killing caligari . 
 `` i would n't miss this '' he said . 
 `` if i ca n't kill you , i can at least watch as you kill your water powers '' . 
 `` bring him in '' the queen said to caligari , and i smelled the warm sweetness of his scent before i saw him . 
 matthias was bound with chains looking as if he had been beaten . 
 my heart soared at the sight of him . 
 i could n't believe i was seeing him ; that he was here and he was ok . 
 all i wanted to do was remove the chains , tend to the cuts on his face , hold him , and tell him that everything was going to be okay , but i knew that i could n't . 
 i could n't help him . 
 `` this is the man you ran away with is n't it ? '' 
 the queen asked . 
 `` this man betrayed you to the brotherhood '' she said . 
 `` yes '' i said . 
 i was hoping that she would n't say what i knew she was going to say . 
 `` are you willing to kill him ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no '' i said . 
 i was willing to kill anyone they put in front of me , but i could n't kill matthias . 
 `` would you rather die than kill him ? '' 
 the queen asked . 
 `` yes '' i said , and i heard matthias protest against his bonds . 
 `` so be it . 
 endora '' the queen said the name in the form of an order , and i knew that she was ordering endora to kill me . 
 `` lily i 'm sorry '' endora said . 
 then i felt her control telling me to kill matthias . 
 i felt the dreaded involuntary reaction to her order well up inside me . 
 then i hated everything inside me for making me do what i was about to do . 
 i was going to kill the one person i loved , and there was nothing i could do about it . 
 my body moved without my telling it to . 
 everything inside of me screamed no . 
 then i felt something inside me break . 
 it was like a twig snapped inside my chest , but there was no pain . 
 the involuntary movements stopped . 
 i realized that i was in full control of my body again . 
 i looked at endora , and i remembered what she has told me about what would happen if she commanded me to do something i would rather die than to do . 
 i could no more kill matthias than i could kill myself . 
 when endora commanded me to kill matthias she had knowingly broken our bond . 
 then i felt the water rush over me . 
 the walls of the room shook . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 i heard castor ask endora . 
 `` i freed her '' endora said . 
 `` you may have killed us all '' castor said . 
 `` what 's going on '' i heard the queen ask , but it sounded so far away . 
 without my bond with endora the water powers inside me were taking control . 
 i would have laughed if i had been able to . 
 i used to dream of what it would be like to not be bound to endora , but all i felt was a deep emptiness that was slowly being filled by something worst . 
 at least with endora i knew what i was dealing with . 
 endora had n't had a choice . 
 she was trying to save me . 
 if she had n't released my bond castor would have made her kill me . 
 `` she broke her bond . 
 endora is not controlling her anymore '' castor said . 
 `` that 's not possible '' the queen said . 
 the water was washing over me in waves , and i could n't stop it . 
 i could n't hold the waves back . 
 i was going to bring the whole sanctuary down and kill everyone inside it . 
 then i saw matthias 's face and i could hear him telling me that i could control it . 
 his eyes helped me hold the water back , but i knew that i could n't hold it for long . 
 the water was calling me . 
 it wanted me to be one with it . 
 i could n't stop it . 
 `` i can get her out of the sanctuary if you let me leave with her '' i heard enlil say . 
 `` no '' i heard the queen say . 
 i heard a sound like something snapped . 
 `` do you have a better option ? '' 
 castor asked . 
 `` you told me she could be controlled '' the queen said . 
 `` she was under control '' castor said . 
 `` you should n't have brought the boy into this '' . 
 `` i ca n't hold this much longer . 
 i 'm going to bring this place down '' i said thru a clinched jaw . 
 `` losing one slave is better than losing this whole place '' castor said . 
 `` you can get her out of here ? '' 
 the queen asked enlil . 
 `` yes '' he said . 
 `` i want to take matthias too '' i said . 
 `` no '' the queen said . 
 `` then i 'm going to bring this place down , and i do n't care who i take with me '' i said . 
 `` you have to let them go '' castor said . 
 `` go , before i change my mind '' the queen said . 
 `` know that this is n't over '' she finished . 
 then i felt air on my skin . 
 it felt like a warm breeze blowing across my skin . 
 as were left the sanctuary , i heard endora scream . 
 i knew she would pay the ultimate price for my freedom . 
 endora 's scream was followed by a scream from tino , but i did n't have time to look back . 
 i felt like i was floating in a bubble . 
 i do n't know how long it took us to get from the sanctuary to the shore because i do n't remember the trip back . 
 i just remembered being safe and warm inside the air bubble enlil created . 
 then we were on a beach somewhere i did n't know , but that did n't matter . 
 i noticed that someone had removed the chains from matthias , and enlil was no longer wearing a slave collar . 
 `` why would you come back for me ? '' 
 i asked the question that i 'd wanted to ask since matthias had come back to save me . 
 `` i could n't leave without you '' he said . 
 `` i realized that my freedom did n't mean anything if i did n't have you . 
 i lost you once , and i could n't lose you again '' . 
 i looked at matthias . 
 he was the reason i had wanted to lose my humanity , but he was also the one to save me . 
 the only way i could have broken my bond was if endora had asked me to kill someone i loved more than myself . 
 endora knew how i felt about matthias even before i did . 
 she knew what would happen when she gave that order . 
 i also knew castor had killed her . 
 she had died for me so i would n't have to lose the rest of my humanity and be lost as a vampire forever . 
 then matthias was kissing me , and i knew that whatever happened after today would be would be okay . 
 after all this time and everything we had been though , we would be finally be together . 
 about the author sarah dell has always enjoyed making up stories , but it was n't until 2009 that she had the thought to write her stories down for others to enjoy . 
 `` in the face of darkness '' is the first story she had published . 
 when she is not writing she spends most of her time with her husband ryan . 
