 the select 's bodyguard bron & calea -- book 1 a children of the wells novel by nick hayden smashwords edition table of contents chapter 1 - while the city bleeds chapter 2 - while the city sleeps chapter 3 - the ruined tower chapter 4 - the ruined girl chapter 5 - the journey in chapter 6 - the journey out chapter 7 - discoveries in the lab chapter 8 - revelations in the lab chapter 9 - rock bottom chapter 10 - the sky is blue about the author this book was originally serialized at childrenofthewells.com as part of an ongoing series . 
 new stories published regularly . 
 bron & calea the select 's bodyguard the doctor 's assistant the well 's orphan jaysynn the fall of the house of kyzer the rules change new wells rising chapter 1 - while the city bleeds she was wrong . 
 she said my head was full of rocks . 
 it is n't . 
 i know because there 's blood on my fingers . 
 my head throbs , beats , aches . 
 it burns . 
 my hand is wedged beneath something , but my fingers can touch my scalp . 
 blood . 
 i ca n't help but think of her . 
 where is she ? 
 does she bleed ? 
 i want to believe she is safe , but something 's happened , an explosion , an earthquake . 
 i do n't know . 
 i was asleep when ... din , motion , pain . 
 i am on my bed . 
 my bed is beneath the roof . 
 the roof has collapsed . 
 she said i was too intense , that i would miss the end of the world if it happened when i was focused on something else . 
 wrong again . 
 she wo n't be pleased to hear she 's wrong . 
 twice wrong . 
 my head ... i think i lose consciousness for a time . 
 maybe i do n't . 
 i can move my other arm , my left arm . 
 my legs push off some of the weight pressing down on me . 
 i shift . 
 bruises , cuts . 
 they do n't matter . 
 the fog in my brain is clearing . 
 i realize i am on the floor , not on the bed as i thought . 
 the bed is on top of me . 
 i do n't know how . 
 and on top of that is not the roof , but the brick wall , collapsed . 
 there is light from somewhere . 
 yes , the roof is gone . 
 it 's morning , almost , somewhere above me . 
 if i listen , i can hear an indistinct roar . 
 it does n't matter . 
 something 's happened . 
 something massive . 
 i need to know she 's safe . 
 she 'll be in the wheel , in her tower , in her room . 
 safe . 
 i 'll make certain she 's safe . 
 that 's what i do . 
 bit by bit i burrow my way out . 
 the walls of my apartment are broken , jagged edges like shards of glass in a broken-out window . 
 i can see across the street . 
 the building there is disfigured , a face beaten bloody . 
 smoke , fire , more sensed than seen . 
 the roar is clearer now -- screaming , crying , shouting . 
 an attack ? 
 i ca n't see the wheel from my apartment . 
 i am on the outer edge of the city , in a room chosen for me by the authorities of section three . 
 the current experiment does not go well for those of us on the ground . 
 the wreckage of my room is hardly a loss . 
 screaming , crying , shouting ... it does n't matter . 
 i ca n't save them all . 
 they have each other . 
 they do n't need me . 
 but she does . 
 my legs threaten to buckle as i stand . 
 i force them ramrod straight . 
 i wipe the blood out of my eyes . 
 i 'm not bleeding badly . 
 it has nearly stopped on its own . 
 in the corner , my chest of drawers still stands , somehow , like a good soldier . 
 climbing over the tiles of what was once my roof , i find my legs . 
 i force my knees to hold . 
 they hold . 
 the body will obey . 
 it will obey . 
 i wrench open the top drawer . 
 it always sticks . 
 i pull out my pistol , a rarity for a non-select , and strap three knives to my belt . 
 panicked people do stupid things . 
 if it 's an attack , the weapons might not be enough . 
 it does n't matter . 
 i 'm good with the knives , and a few well-placed blasts at the right moment go a long way . 
 my shoes are somewhere in the rubble . 
 i keep them under my bed . 
 i do n't have time to scrounge for them . 
 it 's quicker to wrap my feet . 
 the arm of my leather jacket is visible beneath the fallen bricks of the chimney . 
 i dig it out , cut it up . 
 i tie the makeshift shoes on with belts . 
 it 'll work for now . 
 i scramble over the mound of brick and tile , managing the terrain with increasing agility . 
 a creak shivers down the building . 
 i do n't stop to wonder . 
 hesitation is a sure way to die . 
 the stairs are out , or enough to make it difficult . 
 the drop is ten feet . 
 i take it , twist my ankle . 
 ankles heal . 
 i have learned to let pain skulk in a corner of my consciousness , unnoticed . 
 i have a mission ; pain is a distraction . 
 when one is truly immersed in the goal , hunger does n't matter , fatigue does n't matter , pain does n't matter . 
 focus , mission , her . 
 the next staircase is intact . 
 tenants call me for help . 
 someone 's stuck beneath the rubble . 
 i 'm already past when the words register . 
 a rough hand grabs my shoulder . 
 `` i ca n't , '' i say . 
 `` i have to go . 
 she needs me . '' 
 he 's yelling at me now , tugging my arm . 
 i swat him away . 
 he grabs again . 
 i push him down , two-handed hard , and move on . 
 i should have socked him , but he was desperate , panicked . 
 i have the one i need to help ; he has his . 
 she might be in her suite , covered in glass and iron and blood . 
 dead , maybe . 
 then i will bury her . 
 if she lives , i will keep her alive . 
 others want her dead . 
 she laughs at them . 
 i do n't . 
 sometimes the world shudders . 
 buildings collapse . 
 she ca n't protect herself from everything . 
 on the ground floor , i stop . 
 i hesitate . 
 the man above needed my help . 
 desperately . 
 who had he said was trapped ? 
 his wife ? 
 in the street , i can taste smoke , fire , death . 
 above , it was panorama . 
 here , it 's a punch in the face . 
 and another smell -- ionized air . 
 it 's been three years , at least . 
 i was with her when she surveyed the wreckage after the first third-gen battery exploded . 
 gruesome . 
 the air still sizzled with the acrid tang of spent magic . 
 it sizzles now , so thick it makes my skin itch . 
 it 's strangely still . 
 not quiet , but all the usual sounds are gone , the roar and bustle and rough-housing of the grunt transformed . 
 instead , shouts , calls for help , breaking glass , screams of barbarism taking hold , but i ca n't see anyone moving or i only see bits and pieces , as if in a series of photos that has been stitched together . 
 one of the trams hunkers against the street , the body twisted into refuse , the wires that feed it power snapped , limp , like arms with broken bones . 
 i break into a run toward the well and the wheel , the source of power and the siphon . 
 the grocer next door is overrun . 
 men flee with arms full of food . 
 already looting , and the city is still shaking off the shock like a man shaking off a deep slumber . 
 i know in my bones it is the city burning , not just the grunt , not just section three . 
 when the shock is past , then what ? 
 men fend for themselves . 
 it 's animal instinct . 
 how do you fight that ? 
 you beat it down . 
 she has decided she no longer needs me , that she can fend for herself . 
 she 's wrong . 
 the streets are churned , as by a beast . 
 buildings lean , topple , expose their innards to the morning light . 
 some stand pristine . 
 whole blocks ruined , others untouched . 
 if this is the result of a thyrian attack , it is on an unimaginable scale . 
 but if not an attack ... ? 
 someone will look into it when the dust settles . 
 the examiners will question for a decade . 
 questions are hesitation . 
 the trams are out , obviously . 
 a car is discarded nearby , dead bodies beneath . 
 it will take an hour by foot to reach her tower . 
 too long . 
 i begin to run , aching . 
 it 's hardly better than walking . 
 with the debris and the people and the sudden shifting of buildings , crumbling one last time , it is almost more dangerous than walking . 
 i deliberately take hold of my racing thoughts . 
 i grab them , jerk them back , force them to slow . 
 it will take an hour . 
 fine . 
 -lrb- it will take longer . 
 the whole city is in my way . -rrb- 
 imagination lives a hundred lives in the space of a thought , i remind myself . 
 if she still lives , she might live a long time , even pinned beneath rubble . 
 even if she bleeds . 
 and if she is dying , if she is dead , five minutes is too long . 
 what might be does not matter . 
 i do what i can do ; it is all i can do . 
 this is the only philosophy that makes sense to me . 
 i pass men sitting on piles of broken brick , mothers digging in four stories of collapsed buildings , children screaming for their parents , dozens descending precarious heights that were once homes . 
 they understand , too , now . 
 life is simple . 
 politics , rumors , traditions , dreams , jobs -- everything that is not survival is luxury . 
 sweet , unimaginable bliss . 
 to her , life is strife and struggle . 
 she has never understood . 
 does she now ? 
 a man stops me . 
 he is old , but he surveys the wrecked city street with leisure . 
 by his rags and breath , i am certain he lost little and perhaps even gained by the disaster . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` to the wheel . '' 
 `` the select ca n't help . 
 they wo n't . 
 they 'll watch us and write books about how we ate each other . '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 i do n't want to argue . 
 i start moving again , and he calls out . 
 i stop because there is something wild in his voice . 
 i stop because there is something i wish to say . 
 i do not know what it is . 
 `` it 's time to start over , '' he says , a fire in his eyes . 
 `` no more powers that be . 
 no more distinctions . 
 every man a king . 
 down with the select and their magic ! '' 
 the word has hardly left his mouth before i have his neck squeezed in the crook of my arm . 
 cold fire is in my gut . 
 `` i am sworn to protect the select . 
 are you their enemy ? '' 
 `` no , no , '' he hisses . 
 `` i -- '' `` i am going to one of them now . '' 
 yes , this is what i wanted to say . 
 in case i fail , someone will know that i tried , that i did not abandon her . 
 `` there is a select i will protect . 
 if she is dead , i will have nothing left . 
 her name is calea . 
 if you ever meet her , honor her . '' 
 i let him go and continue on , picking up the pace . 
 perhaps an hour will not matter . 
 perhaps it will . 
 the gate to section four is near . 
 already , the people are massing , pushing , swarming , trampling . 
 they think there is safety there , on the other side of the wall that separates the sections . 
 section four -- the section she controls . 
 her domain . 
 if this was an attack ... but where are the soldiers ? 
 what 's the objective ? 
 her section , where the common man has wealth to rival the select . 
 or soon will . 
 the immigration offices are hollowed-out shells , walls and furniture and bodies littered on the street . 
 even from my place , away from the mob , i can see that the wall separating the grunt from section four has fallen . 
 it does not have to take an hour . 
 i throw myself into the mass of people , silent among the mad . 
 i claw forward , shoving bodies out of my path . 
 they resist . 
 i press harder . 
 i throw a punch , climb over six as they collapse in a huddle . 
 i am inside the office of neighborhood immigration . 
 the thick flow of humanity stagnates . 
 men are pressing forward and backward , diving into corners and searching out alcoves . 
 i can tell by their clothes the men of the golden streets . 
 if they are seeking refuge in the grunt , then they have been hit hard . 
 i hit hard , too . 
 i will not be stopped . 
 i lean forward , head down , shoulder leading , and cleave a path . 
 i am growing angry . 
 why will they not get out of my way ? 
 i must go . 
 i must move . 
 i am on the other side , in the place we grunters call the golden streets . 
 the road is blackened by explosions , the avenue utterly destroyed . 
 every building has been blown to pieces . 
 emaciated frames remain , shivering in the wind . 
 blood is splattered on the concrete and steel . 
 behind me , the breach between the sections writhes , but the scene before me is still . 
 i count three cars , the newest models , twisted like sheets of paper after the flame . 
 it does n't matter . 
 she is not here . 
 she is in the tower overlooking her experiment . 
 i spring forward , my legs reaching their full stride . 
 my makeshift shoes have fallen off . 
 i continue . 
 the way is shredded rock . 
 i find my way by honed sense . 
 my feet are beginning to bleed . 
 i take a moment to rob shoes off a dead man . 
 they are too small . 
 i cut a line along the soles to give my feet space . 
 uncomfortable , but it 'll do . 
 i stop . 
 i glimpse handlebars just ahead . 
 i take the moments necessary to pull it upright . 
 every other vehicle in section four has been demolished . 
 this remains intact . 
 it 's one of her creations , a bicycle with a battery-powered engine . 
 the key is in it . 
 the driver moans nearby . 
 i turn the key . 
 it starts . 
 i look at the reading . 
 nearly empty . 
 but not completely empty . 
 i rev the engine . 
 steadying the bike with my feet , i let loose . 
 the front wheel hops over the next mound of rock . 
 i look for the smoothest path ; i bump and jolt over riven road . 
 my teeth jar in my body . 
 my insides quake . 
 but i am moving . 
 it is bone-cracking work . 
 i sweat . 
 i live moment by moment . 
 my body burns . 
 i force myself not to glance at the energy reading . 
 like my body , i will it to continue on . 
 it sputters , leaps forward , hesitates , dies . 
 i throw it aside , take two or three deep breaths . 
 i am near enough to see her tower . 
 the top is gone . 
 a jagged summit fumes black smoke . 
 i can see her balcony below the smoke . 
 i hope for a moment to see her there . 
 she is not there . 
 i 'll find her . 
 chapter 2 - while the city sleeps five years earlier half of jalseion lay open to calea 's examination , the wedge-shaped sections of the city clearly delineated . 
 section three and four opened before her like pages of a book , both dark though the sun had set only an hour before . 
 both sections had labored beneath the economic and social theories of their current guides , the population of the latter faring better by all metrics available . 
 to the far left , calea could see the riotous lights of section two , a largely lawless neighborhood , but on the whole happier than three and four , if the data collected by the surveyors was accurate -lrb- which was an ongoing debate -rrb- . 
 section five , to the far right , shone quietly , an obedient child by her bedside with her religious texts open . 
 alseum , the guide of that section , was an odd one , more suited for the theoretical pursuits of an examiner than for the politics of a guide , but his citizens were happy and healthy , which was more than could be said for three-fourths of jalseion . 
 tomorrow , that would change . 
 although she was only seventeen , calea had been promoted to guide of section four . 
 she would begin to put her theories and inventions to work . 
 prosperity would follow for its citizens , prestige for her . 
 as it should . 
 calea hovered over the city for ten more minutes . 
 her rooms were halfway up telmion 's tower -- tower three to be proper -- and the breeze brought her the merest hints of the city 's odor and din . 
 she loved to spend evenings upon her balcony , planning how she might mold the city below her . 
 it was an extension of herself , like an arm or a leg , and the merest thought could move it . 
 or so she dreamed . 
 she heard a shuffle . 
 they had sent another man to retrieve her . 
 `` guide lisan , the overseer eagerly awaits your arrival . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i was on my way . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 by the time calea turned away from the view , the servant was gone . 
 he should have asked to accompany her . 
 that was what etiquette required . 
 she strode inside to check herself in the mirror . 
 she was tall , thin , with sharp features . 
 her hair was cut short so she did n't have to bother with it . 
 she did n't bother smiling , either ; her smile was usually mistaken for a grimace . 
 her dark eyes were fierce , and combined with the pronounced nose and chin , she looked ready for a fight . 
 though it was spring , and the winds off the barren hill lands had warmed , she wore sleeves with her gown , and gloves , so that only her neck was exposed . 
 the gown was indigo , almost black in the night . 
 her appearance was ordered and pristine , and that was enough for her . 
 she walked with a slight hesitation , noticeable only if one watched closely . 
 she was certain everyone watched . 
 in the hall outside her rooms , a tall , broad-shouldered man waited . 
 so , they had followed through with it . 
 she ignored him and headed to the elevator . 
 the knobbed door opened , meaning the platform had been sent for her . 
 stepping in , she pulled the door shut before the broad-shouldered man could follow her in . 
 then , siphoning magic from the well where it resided , she raised the air pressure in the shaft below the platform , pushing it upward . 
 the act took only the slightest concentration ; it was like tensing a muscle , thought and action intertwined -- energized by the well 's magic rather than a beating heart . 
 the elevator box rose until it thumped softly against the end of the shaft . 
 she had reached the roof . 
 the gala was already in progress . 
 displays of fire-work lit the area , magic-sustained flames twisted into contorted and fantastical shapes . 
 the broad-shouldered man appeared from the door to the stairwell , but he hung back , blending into the milling select . 
 teacher almetter noticed her first . 
 the prematurely gray-haired woman grabbed a glass of wine and headed over . 
 `` here , take a drink . 
 you deserve it . 
 and it 'll help you enjoy the night , at least a little . '' 
 `` i 'll enjoy it . 
 where 's essendr ? 
 i 'd like to see his face . '' 
 `` he 's accepted his retirement from guiding section four with grace , calea . 
 why rub it in ? '' 
 `` he 's certain i 'm too young . '' 
 `` you are young . 
 but i 've never heard him say any such thing . 
 he is quite impressed with you . '' 
 `` that 's what he tells people . 
 it 's not what he feels . '' 
 calea gulped down the glass , repressing a shudder . 
 it was stronger than she had expected . 
 `` i 'm proud of you , calea . 
 you 've come a long way -- '' `` that 's enough . '' 
 `` i 'm just trying to say this is n't thyrion . 
 if one of us makes a breakthrough , we all move forward . '' 
 `` that 's not what you were saying . 
 get me another glass . '' 
 `` try to be pleasant tonight . 
 for my sake . '' 
 `` of course , my dear , dear teacher , '' she mocked . 
 `` would n't want you to be looked down upon . 
 now , another glass . 
 is it my night or not ? '' 
 `` you 're lucky i do n't take your fits to heart . 
 marrying a bear of a madman has its advantages . '' 
 `` honored . 
 now , go ! '' 
 calea hung back from the main crowd , waiting impatiently . 
 she could feel their eyes , dissecting her . 
 and his eyes , too , watching her discreetly . 
 after tonight , she 'd find a way to be rid of him . 
 overseer piers approached as almetter slipped away . 
 he smiled genially and moved to embrace her in his grandfatherly way before he caught her look . 
 he was a forgetful , touchy-feely sort of man , the last an unusual trait in an overseer , but his mind was extraordinarily quick and intuitive when presented with a problem . 
 `` i apologize . 
 i did n't mean to make you uncomfortable . 
 you remind me of my daughter , that 's all . 
 she 's out there , in section eight somewhere . 
 does n't like to visit . 
 i tend to forget important things like her birthday , her name -- never quite forgave me for all those years . '' 
 he nodded vaguely . 
 `` we wo n't make a prolonged speech . 
 everyone 's read the research . 
 we 'll do a quick little thing then get on with the party . 
 if you 'd come along ? '' 
 she followed , taking the glass almetter passed her and finishing it before the overseer had started his announcement . 
 it did n't taste better the second time down , but she would keep at it until it did . 
 the overseer waved a hand at the two musicians , who ceased their manipulation of wind over the many pipes of the panorgan . 
 those gathered were mostly of the political class , including the seven active guides and a number of their bureaucratic assistants . 
 used to social cues , they quieted quickly . 
 a few of the more eccentric examiners , the theoreticians of jalseion , had to be hushed . 
 `` my fellow explorers , '' the overseer began . 
 calea forced a smile , her hands curling into fists at her side because she did n't know what else to do with them . 
 everyone was looking at her , taking stock , deciding if she really belonged . 
 she knew many of them , at least by sight , but how many truly believed in her ? 
 none . 
 she wanted to hide ; she pressed the thought away , bore their polite smiles , suffered their applause . 
 she was better than they were , and she would prove it . 
 then , that quickly , the speech was over , the story of her advances in magic storage and the promotion it gained her told in a few concise words . 
 the overseer patted her on the shoulder and meandered off . 
 calea fumbled her way through handshakes and congratulations , fellow select commenting on her work , or , worse yet , on her gown . 
 at the first lull , she made her way to the food table , giving the cold shoulder to others who wanted to talk . 
 she took another glass and finished it . 
 almetter reappeared . 
 `` i hate this , '' calea breathed . 
 `` people adoring you ? 
 i thought you demanded it . '' 
 `` you 're an idiot , '' calea said . 
 `` you 're all idiots ! '' 
 she shouted . 
 those nearby looked at her , uncertainly trying to take it as a joke . 
 almetter grabbed calea 's arm . 
 `` what was that about ? '' 
 `` it 's the truth , that 's all . '' 
 another glass . 
 soon , she 'd stop caring . 
 `` i miniaturized the battery . 
 so what ? 
 wait until they see what i have planned next . '' 
 `` excuse me , calea ? '' 
 the voice belonged to a rather handsome young man . 
 `` i suppose you remember me ? '' 
 rodin had been a student a level above calea when he graduated . 
 he had begun three levels above , but calea had worked hard and fast . 
 `` i do . 
 i have a memory . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` yes , you do . 
 and an astounding one at that , i recall . 
 not the only thing you excel at , either , it seems . '' 
 he indicated the festivities . 
 `` i 've read the papers . 
 it took me three times , but i finally followed . 
 it 'll take me longer to replicate it on my own . 
 your magical technique is very delicate . '' 
 `` why bother ? 
 let the architects bother with the menial labor . '' 
 `` no , it 'll be a nice challenge , and i need to keep in practice . 
 i have n't much reason to practice fine manipulation otherwise . 
 but that 's not important right now . 
 i actually came over here hoping you 'd give me the honor of a dance . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 his face fell momentarily and what returned was a little less certain . 
 `` i 'm not sure what i expected . 
 if not yes , then an excuse . '' 
 `` i wo n't dance . 
 end of story . '' 
 he glanced down at her feet , and she grew angry . 
 `` no . 
 and tell everyone . 
 no dancing . 
 i 'm here to enjoy myself , so i 'd be pleased if you 'd leave me alone . '' 
 he gave a little nod , almost a mock bow , but not quite . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 almetter had snuck away at the start of the conversation , to grant them `` privacy . '' 
 calea grabbed a glass and a plate of cheese and fruit and headed to the corner of the roof , away from the crowd . 
 a dreadful turmoil raged against her ribcage , demanding tears . 
 she took deep breaths , clenching and unclenching her right fist with slow , deliberate motion . 
 she bottled up the storm , pressed down the cork , and held it firmly in place until the danger had passed . 
 the dark city lay beneath her , music and foreign acquaintances behind . 
 she floated , unanchored and alone . 
 she set her empty glass down . 
 someone was near . 
 `` go away . '' 
 `` i can not . '' 
 `` no one 's going to attack me here . 
 now or ever . '' 
 `` i 've been informed otherwise . '' 
 `` so you insist on babysitting me . '' 
 `` i 'm here to protect you . '' 
 calea turned . 
 the man stood nearer than she had supposed . 
 he was taller than she was , and thick -- thick-faced , thick-armed , thick-shouldered . 
 thick-headed , no doubt . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 `` bron . '' 
 `` do you know why the overseer assigned you to me ? '' 
 `` not specifically . 
 i was told to protect you . 
 that is all i need know . '' 
 `` i 'll show you why . '' 
 the storm was bottled ; the alcohol was working . 
 she 'd show him she did n't care . 
 she set her untouched plate on the roof-ledge beside her glass and began peeling her right-hand glove off mid-bicep . 
 nearly from shoulder to fingertip , metal and wire . 
 gears and hinges worked with the faintest creak as she unflexed her fingers . 
 `` a year ago , this was impossible . 
 i would have had to wear a 100-pound backpack to power this , or perform a dozen intricate magical manipulations minute by minute . 
 the power source on this is the size of what should be my humerus . 
 so , apparently , i 'm in danger . '' 
 `` i understand . '' 
 `` quicker than you look , then . 
 or are you just pretending to humor me ? 
 explain . '' 
 `` magic is power . 
 when magic is stored in a battery , portable power . 
 you make the battery smaller , you increase its range and application . 
 you 've created something everyone wants . '' 
 calea clapped . 
 `` very good . 
 you earn a passing grade . 
 i 'll recommend you for a level up . 
 now , if you want to be helpful , get me something to drink . 
 i 'm parched . '' 
 `` you 've had plenty . '' 
 calea pulled her glove back on , pulling it tight at the fingers , and got her own drink . 
 she was feeling light ; the prosthetics normally made her feel heavy . 
 essendr was at the table , too . 
 he was in his late forties , bearded , rather tight in the belly , and perpetually tragic-looking due to the tilt of his eyes and mouth . 
 he 'd found a wife during his time guiding section four , a homely , non-select thing . 
 they were talking closely when calea saw them . 
 `` essendr ! 
 nice party . 
 when 'd you have yours , sometime before i was born ? '' 
 he smiled sadly . 
 `` something like that , yes . 
 i was a rather different man then . '' 
 `` skinnier , i hope . '' 
 he nodded amiably . 
 `` less happy , more hopeful , so to speak . '' 
 his wife added , `` i 'd just like to say again , calea , how proud we are of you . '' 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 neither essendr nor his wife could find an answer . 
 bron intruded , `` it means you 've had a bit to drink . '' 
 `` that 's not what it means ! '' 
 she grabbed a glass and poured it down her throat before bron could take it from her . 
 `` it means you pity me . 
 this is n't a celebration . 
 it 's therapy . 
 that 's what you all think . 
 i made myself an arm and a leg and everyone thinks it 's a big deal . 
 it is n't . 
 i have n't even started . 
 this was a hobby , something i did to pass the time . 
 but you 're all so anxious to make me feel good about myself , show me i 'm almost your equals . 
 is n't that right ? '' 
 essendr was pale-faced , his wife red . 
 calea laughed at the contrast . 
 bron touched her shoulder and she jumped as if stabbed . 
 `` get off me ! '' 
 others were beginning to gather around , though they still pretended to be absorbed in other conversations , but calea noticed . 
 `` closer , closer ! 
 what have you heard about me ? 
 it 's all true , every last bit of it . 
 even the parts that contradict . 
 who 'd like to dance with me , take me out for a test run ? 
 no one ? 
 where 's rodin ? 
 rodin , i change my mind . 
 let 's sweep across the dance floor , and let these fine folks take notes . 
 sketches , too , like good scientists . 
 rodin ? 
 where are you ? '' 
 bron grabbed her again and did not let go when she tried to escape . 
 with an iron grip , he pinched her shoulder and led her away . 
 she cursed and screamed , and he , in her ear , said softly , `` be quiet . 
 do n't make this worse . '' 
 he ushered her to a far corner , away from the lights , near the stairs . 
 she was crying now , shuddering in his grasp . 
 the bottle had cracked ; the storm was loosed . 
 `` how dare you ! 
 how dare you ! '' 
 `` i do n't want you to get hurt . '' 
 `` they ca n't hurt me , '' she screamed , voice raw . 
 `` but you -- you -- ! '' 
 she turned away , bawling uncontrollably . 
 she felt his presence , silent , unreadable , unmoving , relentless . 
 she wanted to squirm . 
 she could take any insult ; she could not take this . 
 but she forced herself to stop crying . 
 she forced it down , beat it down , crammed it tight , tight , into a crevice . 
 it would come out again , unexpectedly , but for now , she was calm . 
 she hated him . 
 `` i 'll have you fired , '' she said . 
 `` i do n't think they will listen . 
 i 'm good at what i do . '' 
 `` no one 's trying to kill me . '' 
 he did not answer . 
 he met her gaze then , suddenly , looked down . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i will remain at a distance . '' 
 `` i 'm returning to my room . 
 you enjoy yourself up here . '' 
 `` of course . 
 thank you . '' 
 calea studied him for a moment longer . 
 she would repay him for what he had done to her . 
 carefully , she made her way down the stairs , listening for the sound of her knee . 
 she could hear it ; that would have to be fixed . 
 bron watched her go and waited . 
 then he descended , following her . 
 chapter 3 - the ruined tower i stop . 
 fatigue has failed to slow me . 
 the scene before me succeeds . 
 her tower rises above me , decapitated . 
 it has loomed over me , broken , puffing , beckoning . 
 the sun is warm now , the air still . 
 the smoke billows ; i can see fire lazily licking the bones of its meal . 
 the tower is tilted , nudged , but it stands . 
 separating me from what remains of the wide entrance is a trench . 
 the generators that provided power to section four hummed here , fussed over by architects . 
 dreary , overworked select . 
 dead now . 
 i think i see pieces of them here and there . 
 the power facility sat in the barrier wall between section and tower . 
 gone , all of it . 
 obliterated into powder and junk . 
 the tower entrance reveals the rooms within , like the side of a doll house . 
 where are the select ? 
 with magic they move rock , wield wind , control fire . 
 i hear none of it . 
 if regular man survives and begins to dig his way out , select will too . 
 but i do not see them ; i do not see them working . 
 the trench is deep , its walls steep . 
 my fingers hold my weight ; my battered feet find toeholds . 
 i work slowly , unused to climbing , but my will is strong . 
 i have no fear of falling ; therefore , i will not fall . 
 i reach the bottom , begin up the other side . 
 i reach level ground . 
 done . 
 i peer up as i enter beneath the shattered structure . 
 if it has not fallen , it will not , but even i can not escape the sense of inexorable gravity pulling down , down , down . 
 i pass through the foyer . 
 men here died instantly , the ceiling beams and furniture from the floor above crushing them . 
 i listen . 
 there is sound , a voice , nearby . 
 not hers . 
 it might know where she is , though . 
 i search it out , moving into the main hall , turning aside into a room designated for drinking and lounging . 
 a club for guides and their assistants , a place where men who decide the fate of thousands toss dice and wild ideas . 
 one is dead at the threshold . 
 he sprawls across the carpeted floor . 
 the room is miraculously untouched . 
 i step inside , wary . 
 i check behind the door , open the cabinets . 
 no one else is there . 
 i return to the body . 
 his blood stiffens the carpet . 
 i turn him over . 
 i know him . 
 essendr , an amiable fellow as guides go . 
 she hated him . 
 a gash runs along his abdomen , a wound in his chest . 
 weapons . 
 blades ? 
 unconventional in jalseion . 
 i would know . 
 i say a prayer for his soul . 
 i have largely forgotten my mother 's faith , but old habits die hard . 
 i 've seen death . 
 the city stinks with it today . 
 but i was to protect ones such as this . 
 and her . 
 above all , her . 
 i stand . 
 my hand is shaking . 
 it 's beginning to sink in . 
 she is dead . 
 i do n't know it for certain yet , but it 's becoming reality . 
 jalseion has been shaken until anything that could move , did . 
 and someone is using it to cover the murder of select . 
 no -- hesitation is delay . 
 delay is death . 
 i move on . 
 i still hear that voice , faint but constant . 
 i force the door to the next room open , the hinges protesting . 
 the floor above is visible . 
 two more dead , and one alive beneath the rubble . 
 grigor . 
 he likes tea . 
 that 's all i can remember of him at the moment , all that sticks . 
 he stares up at the third-floor ceiling . 
 his legs are pinned beneath a cabinet . 
 he 's cut somehow ; i see blood pooled beneath his lower body . 
 his lips are moving , and sometimes they make noise . 
 i come to him . 
 `` do you know where calea lisan is ? '' 
 he stares at me , confused . 
 suddenly , his hand is at my neck , fumbling for my collar . 
 `` i had a dream , '' he says . 
 `` i knew i would die this way . '' 
 i let him speak . 
 i am impatient , but by patience i might get an answer . 
 he is not in his right mind ; direct questions will yield nothing . 
 `` i die with the world , '' he mutters . 
 `` i can not even lift my ... '' he lifts his neck , craning to see his legs . 
 `` the power is gone . 
 can you sense it ? 
 gone . 
 the world is empty . 
 do you remember what they used to tell us as kids , about the world dying ? 
 it 's hollowed out , emptied . 
 i ca n't even ... '' again , he looks at his legs . 
 i understand . 
 a select should be able to move the cabinet with a push of magic . 
 shock does strange things . 
 i 've heard of a mother lifting a car to reach her trapped child ; i 've heard of men going mute after a traumatic experience . 
 perhaps he is no longer able to reach the magic . 
 my first instinct is to help . 
 my second is that moving the burden would injure him worse . 
 my third is that i 've abandoned so many already . 
 what 's one more ? 
 `` do you know where calea is ? 
 calea lisan ? 
 guide lisan ? '' 
 his eyes focus on me . 
 `` poor girl . 
 without magic ... '' `` where is she ? '' 
 `` it 's only a matter of time . 
 everything will waste away now . 
 everything . 
 the earth is a corpse . 
 the spirit has fled . 
 we should have known . 
 it was bound to happen someday . 
 today ... '' i stand . 
 it 's useless . 
 i will go where she must be . 
 if she is to be found , it will be in her rooms . 
 if she is not there ... it does n't matter yet . 
 ifs will kill a man and have . 
 i know every passage in all eight towers . 
 i studied the maps and walked them to be sure . 
 just in case . 
 i do n't know how damaged the rest of the tower is . 
 i 'll take my chances with the most direct route . 
 the nearest stairs are used by the maids who keep the tower clean . 
 i see it in my head : down the hall , turn right , fourth door on the left is the stairwell . 
 i am to the turn as quick as conscious thought can recount the location . 
 dust and plaster fly up as i hurry along the hall . 
 it is oddly preserved , like an old house , dusty and skewed , but largely intact . 
 footsteps stand out on the filthy carpet . 
 calea 's apartment is on the eighteenth floor . 
 i throw open the stairwell door , rush up the stairs . 
 the steps are steep , the flight narrow . 
 i ascend easily , up , up , but the passage is unnaturally bright . 
 the lights are dead , so it must be the sun . 
 by the sixth floor , i can see the scar above me , a slash that cuts the stairwell in half , opening the column to rooms on either side . 
 i stop at the eighth . 
 beyond , the steps are twisted by the spasm that has compressed this whole area . 
 four floors are wedged together , collapsing into one another , but hanging delicately , waiting for a final tickle to destroy the balancing act . 
 i return to the seventh and exit . 
 students live on this floor and the one above . 
 or lived . 
 i do n't know which , after today . 
 i hear movement , talking , anxious sounds . 
 the nearest classroom is packed with young girls , with three teenage mentors soothing them . 
 the nearest sees me first . 
 she freezes , then boldly asks , `` are you here to help us ? '' 
 `` i have someone i need to find . '' 
 `` we need to get these children down . '' 
 `` use the stairs . '' 
 all the girls are staring at me now , wide-eyed and fearful . 
 `` is it safe ? '' 
 the first , the one who has decided to lead , asks . 
 lowering her voice , she says , `` we heard screams . 
 we 've been waiting for someone to find us , to show us the way ... '' `` yes , it 's safe . '' 
 i remember essendr 's wound . 
 `` for now . 
 do n't stay here . 
 get to ground level . 
 get out of the tower . 
 the stairs are fine . '' 
 another of the older girls speaks up . 
 `` you 're looking for guide lisan . '' 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i. . . 
 i just recognized you . '' 
 it is a strange thing to say . 
 a bodyguard is not meant to be noticed . 
 `` how ? '' 
 she turns red . 
 `` i just ... guide lisan lectured in our class one day . 
 you were there . 
 that 's all . '' 
 she is embarrassed for some reason . 
 teen girls are strange creatures . 
 `` can one of you power the elevator for me ? '' 
 it 's a stupid question . 
 they would have tried that first , if they tried anything . 
 `` it wo n't work , '' the first says . 
 `` not anymore . '' 
 `` get out of here . 
 all right ? '' 
 the three leaders nod their heads . 
 so do all the little ones . 
 i am anxious to keep moving . 
 mentioning the elevator triggered something . 
 farther down the hallway , the floor is badly damaged , one wall blown out and blocking my way . 
 i work my way over carefully . 
 to head to another elevator would take too much time . 
 the mass slips beneath me . 
 the floor shudders . 
 i pause , muscles tense . 
 for a minute i wait . 
 nothing . 
 i slowly shift my weight , take a step . 
 i move more slowly now , placing each step carefully . 
 perhaps there is no floor beneath me , but only wood and steel wedged in a hole . 
 i am not quite over the mound when i reach the elevator door . 
 i clear away enough broken material to slide through the opening . 
 the lift is gone , probably in pieces on the first floor . 
 normally , there is a rope in the center of the shaft , a crude mechanism to prevent injury if some accident or error should happen while a select manipulates the air pressure in the chamber . 
 any sudden jerk , and the rope locks up , halting the lift 's downward progression . 
 light filters from above . 
 the rope runs along the right wall . 
 with the top levels of the tower gone , what is holding the rope ? 
 any number of things , certainly . 
 it must be wedged tight somewhere . 
 this is what i hope . 
 i eyeball the jump . 
 it 'll hold . 
 it will . 
 i launch myself . 
 my calloused hands burn as i catch the rope . 
 it slips a few horrible feet , then holds . 
 i do not look forward to the climb . 
 never again , i tell myself . 
 i have muscle , but i am a heavy man . 
 she will be happy to learn of my pain . 
 hand over hand i pull myself , using my feet against the wall . 
 eleven levels . 
 my muscles burn after seven . 
 i do not stop to rest . 
 movement is life . 
 my feet slip , but my arms hold . 
 eight levels . 
 i have no thought , no emotion . 
 just pain and mission . 
 hand over hand . 
 ten levels . 
 hand over hand . 
 i would go ten more if it would take me to her . 
 my arms will not fail until i let them ; i will not let them . 
 i work myself back and forth , pedaling the best i can against the wall , try to work up the speed to reach the shaft entrance . 
 back and forth , now , back and forth . 
 i will get no closer than i now reach . 
 i release and hang over the darkness for a moment . 
 then i crash into the door . 
 it does not quite open at my impact , and i snatch the ledge of the threshold with my hand just in time . 
 the bottom of the door is at my fingertips . 
 one-handed , i try to push it open . 
 something is blocking it . 
 i consider . 
 it would be wisest to drop down a level and try that door . 
 instead , i pull myself up , gripping now the inside frame of the door . 
 using toeholds and fingertips , i wedge my head into the opening , hoping to force the door with my body . 
 i manage to bring one of my shoulders through . 
 i can see around the door . 
 a discarded suitcase is all that stops my entry , its spilt contents gathered beneath the door , shoes and clothes acting as a doorstop . 
 i let out a murmur of a laugh and bully my way through the tight space . 
 she would laugh , too , to see me moving like a cat in a tight space . 
 i take a moment to rest on the other side , sparing the time to try the abandoned shoes on . 
 my feet emerge from the old ones with a squelch of blood , but it 's worth it . 
 the new pair is nearly perfect after the vise of the others . 
 my feet are larger than the average man 's . 
 this is the elevator near her rooms . 
 i could have pressed on and returned for the shoes . 
 i am afraid to continue and almost unable to admit it . 
 her apartment is demolished . 
 splinters of furniture and broken glass cover the ground . 
 she is not in the foyer . 
 i think i see blood , but i press on , looking for her body . 
 the bedroom has collapsed into the floor below . 
 i can not see her in what remains . 
 the living room is pocked with smaller holes , the floor bent like a half-closed book , her possessions collecting in the fold and weighing heavily . 
 i wait , searching with my eyes . 
 the room opens onto the balcony , the frames of the glass door empty . 
 smoke rises slowly from the city . 
 it 's almost peaceful . 
 i retrace my steps before daring my way across the precarious living room floor . 
 i examine the blood more closely . 
 it 's a smear -- a trail . 
 not much , but i can follow it . 
 it leads out of the room . 
 she was alive , alive enough to crawl . 
 chapter 4 - the ruined girl fourteen years earlier `` all right , class , line up . '' 
 the nineteen young girls stood quietly from their desks and formed a line in front of the door . 
 except for the two in the back , all waited with their hands at their sides . 
 in classroom two , the students were given more freedom of self-expression and fewer rules , but here in classroom one , the prevailing theory was that discipline , particularly at an early age , sharpened the mind and cultivated a lifestyle of industriousness . 
 that was the theory , at least . 
 `` calea , stop whispering , unless you want to share it with the whole class . '' 
 the eight-year-old stood at attention , a mischievous glint in her eyes . 
 `` i was just saying that donava did n't wash her hands last time she was in the bathroom . '' 
 she turned to the other girls in the line . 
 `` we all know how germs spread . 
 if anyone gets sick , it 'll be her fault . 
 remember that . '' 
 `` that 's enough , calea . '' 
 calea opened her eyes wide , as if shocked , faked a shudder , and stood rigidly at attention . 
 she was taller than any of the other girls . 
 `` yes , ma’am . '' 
 `` enough . '' 
 their teacher took a deep breath . 
 `` we 're going down to examine the well . 
 we 'll be on the greinham observation deck this time , so stay together and watch your step . '' 
 the girls glanced at one another excitedly . 
 they took the main staircase down , a long , curving expanse around the open air center of the tower . 
 calea wanted to ride the elevator . 
 she had been on it twice in tower three since coming to school earlier in the year , once on her way to see the headmaster . 
 she tapped on sindi 's shoulder as they descended . 
 `` do n't . 
 you 're going to get me in trouble , '' sindi whispered . 
 `` why 're we going to the well again ? 
 it 's not going to change . '' 
 `` we 're going close . 
 i mean , greinham almost sits on top of the well . 
 i hear you can touch the magic if you want . '' 
 `` yeah , and burn your fingers off . '' 
 `` i said if you want , '' sindi complained . 
 the line stopped . 
 `` calea , come up here . '' 
 calea obeyed the teacher , flashing sindi an exaggerated look of terror as she made her leisurely way to the front . 
 `` i want you here beside me . 
 i do n't want you playing games . 
 we 're very lucky to have a chance to visit the greinham observation deck . 
 most times , there are too many experiments being conducted for students to be allowed onto it . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` yes , ma’am . 
 it 's very important . '' 
 a sour look crossed the teacher 's face . 
 `` if you do not behave , i will put you in solitary for the entire evening session . '' 
 this did worry calea . 
 three hours in that spotless , soundless , lonely room was horrible . 
 `` i 'll behave , ma’am . '' 
 `` now , step in line behind me . '' 
 they continued down , and calea kept quiet . 
 she was sullen at first , but as they passed through the first security door , it was hard not to be excited . 
 before they passed through the second security point , a man with a mustache and clipboard gave a stern lecture about the dangers of magic . 
 calea did n't listen . 
 she 'd heard it from the teacher before . 
 like ten times . 
 there was a gun fastened securely to the wall , however , and she could not take her eyes off it . 
 it was thick and heavy . 
 she did not think she could pick it up , and she saw where a soldier could flip out handles on the sides so that two people could lug it around quickly . 
 the shoulder straps were hidden nicely , too . 
 she 'd seen a gun fired , once , while passing through the academy on an errand . 
 with current capacity , it could get off twenty shots before draining the pack . 
 but what shots ! 
 the girl behind prodded her and she followed the teacher down a final staircase and onto the greinham observation deck . 
 everyone knew what the well was -- the lake of magic at the center of jalseion . 
 the select , who were able to draw power from the well , had built the wheel over the top of it . 
 calea could see the eight spokes above her , radiating from the academy in the center and terminating in each of the eight towers . 
 and below was the magic . 
 approaching the edge , she stared . 
 sindi had been right . 
 magic pulsed just beneath the platform they stood upon . 
 it shimmered , its surface something like a soap bubble , seemingly thin and filled with flittering colors . 
 she had never looked so closely into it . 
 though it seemed clear , like glass , it showed no reflection . 
 it projected an illusion of clarity , but the longer calea looked at it , the more it seemed to resonate with hidden meanings , like a strand of music snatched and lost . 
 `` the well is nearly at its high point , '' the teacher said . 
 `` as you know , it rises and falls according to the use we put it to . 
 given time , it always regenerates . 
 even if it did n't , at our current consumption rates it would take more than a year the expend the energy . '' 
 `` have you ever been to thyrion 's well ? '' 
 asked one student . 
 `` i have n't , but it is many times larger than ours . 
 ours has its own unique properties , though . 
 for instance , we have determined that our well is deeper than any other known well . '' 
 calea had a coin in the pocket of her dress , and she had an idea . 
 `` the wells sustain our way of life in so many ways , '' the teacher continued , `` but they are also our limitation . 
 we select can not manipulate the power we find here unless we are nearby . 
 outside of a certain range , the ecosystem becomes bare , and vegetation and animal life is very difficult . 
 that is why continued research into the battery is so vital . 
 next week we will be touring a battery facility , and you can see what amazing work our architects are doing . '' 
 calea turned away from the group , leaned over the guardrail , and tossed in her coin . 
 it hissed as it touched the magic , not sinking , but setting on the surface , or even , it seemed , just above the surface . 
 then , it sank , disintegrating , and was gone . 
 `` neat-o , '' calea whispered . 
 she fished two more coins from her pocket and tossed them in to see which would vaporize quickest . 
 oddly enough , the bigger coin disappeared fastest . 
 she thought she caught a whiff almost like static electricity or a dry day beneath rain-filled clouds . 
 she searched her pockets for something else to toss . 
 a pen and some crumbled paper went in . 
 these burned up in a flash . 
 calea looked around . 
 the teacher was engaged in conversation with laurie , a particular favorite . 
 satisfied , calea took the ribbon out of her hair , knelt down , and dangled the red strip over the magic . 
 slowly , she lowered it . 
 the end crumpled on the surface as if on a table , but only for a second . 
 then the magic engulfed the end , tugging it softly like a fish on a pole . 
 with a little jerk , caea pulled , but the length that had entered the magic was gone . 
 she started to lower it again , reaching her arm through the space between the railing , letting the magic eat away at the ribbon , bit by bit ... `` calea ! '' 
 the voice was pitched an octave higher than usual . 
 in a flash , the teacher was forcefully dragging calea from edge . 
 `` you idiot girl ! 
 you horrible brat ! 
 you could have died ! 
 stand up ! 
 i said , stand up ! '' 
 calea did so in the shock of the moment , though she later regretted not delaying and getting up at her own leisure . 
 a deep fear had taken hold of her , ignited by the panic in the teacher 's voice . 
 tears came unbidden to her eyes , and the shame of them , in front of so many , made her want to cry harder . 
 `` what did i tell you ? 
 what did i say ? '' 
 the teacher was screaming . 
 `` you do not play with magic . 
 people have lost arms . 
 they 've died . '' 
 `` i did n't die . '' 
 calea was regaining her composure , but she hated herself for breaking down in front of the class . 
 `` i was being careful . '' 
 the teacher laughed in her face . 
 `` careful ? 
 you ? 
 i want you to go back through security and wait for us . 
 now . '' 
 calea wiped the last vestige of tears from her face . 
 `` no . 
 i want to stay . '' 
 `` it 's not up for debate . '' 
 she extended her arm and pointed . 
 `` go . '' 
 calea just looked at her , then turned away , returning to her place along the guardrail . 
 the teacher grabbed her hard on her bony shoulder . 
 she pulled away viciously , breaking into a run . 
 she headed toward the far end of the platform . 
 she did n't have a plan ; she was angry and hurt and wanted to frustrate the teacher . 
 let them talk about her antics , as long as they did n't talk about her crying . 
 a few of the kids blocked her path . 
 they did n't really know what they were doing . 
 they had been farthest away and heading to the commotion when calea made her escape . 
 she dodged around them , slammed into the fence . 
 she enjoyed the hard , unforgiving pain . 
 she 'd reached the far corner , and in the corner was a small gate that opened to allow tools and probes easier access to the magic . 
 it was normally latched securely and locked . 
 it jarred beneath calea 's impact with the fence . 
 something came loose . 
 calea had almost regained her balance when the door swung open . 
 she teetered on the edge . 
 she could see the expressions on her classmates ' faces . 
 she seemed to remain precariously perched for a long time . 
 part of her tried to stop her fall ; part of her watched the events unfold with crystal clarity . 
 she was falling and she would fall and she would land in the magic and she would die . 
 and she did fall . 
 she landed hard on the magic . 
 it knocked the breath out of her . 
 her thoughts were slow , but she reacted quickly , trying to stand and grab the edge of the platform . 
 her limbs would n't react . 
 she could n't get traction . 
 it was like trying to push off air . 
 then her arm began to sink below the surface . 
 calea screamed . 
 she stopped thinking . 
 afterward , she could n't remember anything except pain -- not just fire and burning , but pulling , sucking , ripping . 
 her body was being torn apart at the most basic level . 
 her classmates reported later that she had managed to get to her knees , but her arm was being devoured . 
 by this time , it had sunk up to the elbow . 
 then her foot slipped in . 
 her classmates turned away . 
 her shrieks forced them to recoil . 
 a few were crying ; at least one vomited . 
 they said it lasted a long , long time , but the clock said otherwise . 
 her teacher watched in horror , unable to move or speak or offer help . 
 then the screams changed pitch . 
 the agony drained away . 
 a desperate , battered moan remained . 
 calea knelt upon the magic , twisted , her right arm sunken to the shoulder , her left leg gone nearly to the hip , but her descent had stopped . 
 she managed in a weak voice : `` help me . '' 
 her teacher rushed forward , throwing herself down on her belly . 
 `` give me your hand . '' 
 `` i do n't know if i can . '' 
 calea 's body trembled from effort . 
 slowly , she lifted her unaffected arm . 
 her hand was clenched in a fist . 
 her teacher lowered herself farther out . 
 `` give me your hand . '' 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i ca n't . '' 
 `` you have to , calea . 
 give me your hand . '' 
 `` i ca n't let go . 
 it 'll eat me . '' 
 `` laurie ! '' 
 the teacher yelled . 
 `` get help ! '' 
 a few minutes later , a guard hung suspended over the magic , his legs firmly secured on the deck by another , as he reached out and grabbed calea 's wrist . 
 with effort , they pulled her up . 
 stumps remained where limbs had been , cauterized . 
 calea remained rigid , sitting oddly on towels brought to clean up the blood that did n't come . 
 they brought out a stretcher and began to lay her on it . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` calea , you 're in shock . 
 you need to be taken to a doctor . '' 
 `` i have to let go . '' 
 she scooted off the stretcher , half crawling . 
 when one of the guards moved to stop her , she screamed , `` do n't ! '' 
 `` calea , what are you doing ? '' 
 asked the teacher . 
 calea continued to scoot-crawl to the edge . 
 `` calea ? '' 
 calea extended her clenched hand through the fence and opened it . 
 a ball of shimmering colors sat on her palm , vibrating . 
 she turned her hand over , and it fell to rejoin the rest of the magic . 
 calea 's body relaxed . 
 then her head smacked hard against the floor as she passed out . 
 chapter 5 - the journey in the trail of blood is faint . 
 this means she is not badly injured , but it also means i may lose her . 
 i can not assume she has taken the path of least resistance . 
 it is almost certain she has not . 
 even so , such thoughts give me hope , a strange thing when i was nearly convinced she had died . 
 i rein in the expansive thoughts . 
 hope makes one believe things a more sober judgment would not . 
 i will hope when i have found her . 
 it will be far too hard to let her go if i hope now . 
 she is heading toward the central stairwell . 
 as i travel the winding halls , i become certain of it . 
 the stairwell of the column is a long way from her room , but the most protected from outside attacks . 
 she is taking the long view . 
 it is perhaps a wiser choice than my headlong rush upward . 
 wiser , perhaps , but not faster . 
 i prefer a straight line , even with roadblocks . 
 still , it has taken me a long time to reach this place . 
 she could be long gone by now . 
 the marks of blood have vanished . 
 i stop . 
 the floors above have collapsed , blocking the entire hall . 
 i backtrack , taking the first passage i find . 
 it is only a small detour , one she must have taken . 
 my assumptions are compounding . 
 it may not even have been her blood . 
 i stop again . 
 i force myself to stop . 
 it is difficult . 
 i have been pressing and pressing ; it seems a sin to stop . 
 i wait a whole minute , impatiently trying to reevaluate my options . 
 one thought overrides the others : i must protect her . 
 it is not just a thought . 
 it is a belief , a decision , an ethic . 
 i continue forward . 
 my path is set . 
 another collapsed hall . 
 i turn again , now veering farther from my original path . 
 and i see her . 
 she is on the ground , on her belly . 
 i stop a third time , this time to say , carefully , `` calea ? '' 
 she starts to turn her head -- yes , she 's alive . 
 `` go away . '' 
 i somehow expected the response . 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 `` i said , go away . '' 
 i step forward to help her to her feet . 
 `` go away ! '' 
 she screams . 
 her body shudders . 
 i think she is crying . 
 that silences me . 
 i wait until she calms herself . 
 it takes longer than i expect . 
 then i wait . 
 i wait for her to speak . 
 finally , she does . 
 `` why are you here ? '' 
 she accuses me . 
 i do not answer . 
 she knows why i am here . 
 any answer i give will infuriate her . 
 i have been studying her closely . 
 she does not seem injured , but her mechanical limbs have not moved . 
 something is wrong with them . 
 `` i do n't need you . '' 
 `` apparently . '' 
 i decide to try a different angle . 
 `` is no one left on this floor ? ' 
 `` i heard them evacuating , heading to the column . '' 
 `` they did n't come looking for you ? '' 
 `` no . 
 why would they ? '' 
 a cold answer . 
 she had long ago taught the other select to avoid her except in precisely defined circumstances . 
 `` i know the truth . 
 they did come . '' 
 `` one . 
 i told her to leave . 
 i had something i needed to do . '' 
 `` and you 've crawled all this way ? '' 
 she cursed . 
 `` idiot . 
 you think it 's funny . '' 
 `` i think it 's unnecessary . '' 
 `` what 's happened ? 
 tell me that . '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 the city 's in ruins . '' 
 `` the city ? 
 i do n't care about the city . 
 let the city burn and the people bury their dead . 
 i hope they die . 
 i -- '' but she catches herself . 
 `` you what ? '' 
 a long , scathing pause . 
 then : `` i want to die . 
 is that fine with you ? 
 i want to die ! 
 are you happy now ? '' 
 `` we can repair your limbs . 
 whatever happened to them -- '' she screams at me . 
 it 's a shriek of rage and pain , cutting off my words . 
 i take a step back . 
 i have never heard such emotion from her . 
 i begin to doubt my previous conclusions . 
 perhaps she is mortally wounded or she is suffering from some delusion . 
 the cry passes , like a siren dying away . 
 she takes in lungfuls of air . 
 i dare not speak . 
 i want her to let me help her ; i do not want to force the issue . 
 it will make things unpleasant . 
 more so , it will injure her deeply , and i have vowed to protect her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she demands after a time . 
 `` what do you think of me ? '' 
 `` i think you are holding something back . '' 
 `` are you so dull ? 
 you 've made a mad dash from whatever smoke-filled den you frequent and you do n't know ? 
 i knew it from the first . 
 it 's gone . 
 i ca n't feel it anymore . '' 
 she wants me to ask . 
 i do . 
 i do n't mind playing the fool ; most times , with her , i 'm not playing . 
 `` what is gone ? '' 
 `` magic . 
 the well is empty . 
 it 's gone . 
 all of it . 
 jalseion has fallen . '' 
 i am not sure i believe her . 
 i do n't know how to believe such a statement . 
 but she is supremely confident . 
 i understand , too , what select grigor meant . 
 he believed it , too . 
 another person might ask how this happened . 
 but that is a question unrelated to what must still be done . 
 `` it has n't fallen yet . 
 let me get you out of here . '' 
 `` i 'm going to the academy . '' 
 the academy is in the center of the wheel . 
 if the rest of the wheel is as battered as tower three , it will be a difficult journey . 
 `` after the dust settles , we 'll come back . '' 
 `` no ! 
 my work is there -- my batteries . '' 
 and now i understand what is left unsaid . 
 her limbs have ceased to work because the magic in them has run dry . 
 throughout the city , vehicles and devices powered by magic were destroyed , overloaded when ... when what ? 
 what had happened ? 
 a shockwave ? 
 her laboratory in the academy holds the most advanced magic storage tech in the known world . 
 and she will not leave without it . 
 not for reasons of science , but because without her batteries , she 's ... incomplete . 
 it is an unwise decision to continue on . 
 calea 's knowledge is irreplaceable . 
 if the select community loses her , advancement in the field of magical containment hits a roadblock . 
 going deeper into the ruin of the wheel is foolishness . 
 i have not forgotten that someone is killing select . 
 `` i 'll help you . '' 
 i walk around , coming to her front and kneeling down . 
 `` let me help you . '' 
 `` you ca n't carry me . '' 
 `` i 'm strong . '' 
 `` i wo n't let you . '' 
 `` i wo n't let you crawl . 
 it 's ridiculous . '' 
 she makes a face , like a child mocking me . 
 `` lift me up and support me . 
 under the shoulders . 
 i 'm not lame . 
 i can walk . 
 it 's just heavy . '' 
 this is the best compromise i can manage for the time . 
 i offer my hand and wait for her to extend hers . 
 finally , she does . 
 pulling her arm is not enough . 
 i lift her bodily . 
 her mechanical limbs are inordinately heavy . 
 i lean her body against mine , positioning her carefully . 
 when she finds her balance , we begin to move forward . 
 i feel out the rhythm , not looking to her or speaking . 
 she is ashamed , and she does not want me to know . 
 she is shaking , not just from effort , but from emotion . 
 she hates this . 
 i do n't like it much either . 
 we move in fits and starts , calea pushing forward faster than she can manage and forcing me to provide the extra balance needed . 
 we work as one only as far as i am able to react to her motions . 
 we weave back and forth between hallways , searching for an open path , like mice in a maze . 
 i avoid obstacles whenever possible , and so wind a tortuously slow route toward the center . 
 the closer we come to the column , the less structural damage we find , until we finally emerge into the center of the tower . 
 the stairwell of the column is nearly undamaged . 
 glass shards from the glass dome above sprinkle the carpeted steps , and black stains show the remnant of fires . 
 the central column is filled with a haze of smoke and dust and light . 
 `` if you let me -- '' i begin . 
 the expression on her face is the answer . 
 no carrying her . 
 here , there is movement . 
 i can see people farther below , looking up and down between the floors , sometimes small groups being led or two or three together on some errand . 
 the activity is focused . 
 these are efforts to recover those who have not yet evacuated , or perhaps to assess the damage . 
 within a week , the architects will have plans to rebuild -- maybe not the means to rebuild , but certainly the plans . 
 there is no reason calea must go to the academy herself . 
 i do not tell her that . 
 i look for the opportunity to bring the issue up with one of those searching the tower . 
 down , down , we go , step by step . 
 calea is red-faced from exertion and breathing heavily . 
 a select i do not know sees us and hurries to help . 
 `` you may go about your business , '' calea says before he can reach us . 
 `` um ... yes , of course . '' 
 he stands there , uncertain . 
 `` what floor have you come from ? '' 
 `` eighteen , '' i say . 
 `` we did n't see anyone else . '' 
 `` i 'd heard they 'd started at the top , or as far up as they could reach . 
 i 'm glad you two are safe . '' 
 `` safe , yes , '' calea says . 
 `` and what do they say about the magic ? '' 
 the man squirmed . 
 `` nothing , except that it 's gone . '' 
 `` and where has it gone ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` exactly . 
 that is the vital question . 
 if you 'd get out of my way , i 'll be determining the answer to that as soon as i can walk properly . '' 
 `` is our spoke intact ? '' 
 i ask . 
 if we ca n't get to the academy from tower three , i may be able to dissuade calea from the journey altogether . 
 `` i 've been told it 's dangerous . 
 i have n't seen it myself . 
 i know some of the other spokes are completely gone . 
 i watched number four collapse . '' 
 `` it 'll be fine . 
 bron here is strong , '' calea says , forcing a wretched smile . 
 `` it 's about all he 's good for . 
 he 'll get me there . '' 
 the man is older than calea but obviously recently graduated , still used to obeying , probably below 50 falsan in skill . 
 calea , on the other hand , commands . 
 you can see clearly the moment when he realizes he 's out of his depth . 
 `` of course , '' he says quickly . 
 he turns , walking away uncertainly . 
 she looks at me . 
 `` i 'm not turning back . 
 my lab contains the largest collection of batteries in the city , outside the factory . 
 this may not be thyrion , as everyone 's so fond of saying , but jalseion is n't paradise , either . 
 i 'll protect what 's mine . '' 
 as we head down again , i can feel my focus slipping . 
 i think clearest with a single goal . 
 calea muddies all that . 
 i need to protect her . 
 i want to remove her from this place . 
 but she needs her limbs , so i 'm forced to either protect her physically or aid her in the way she needs most , which is repairing her arm and leg . 
 worse , she 's already convinced herself she 's heading to the academy not for intensely personal reasons but to protect scientific property . 
 in another twenty minutes , she 'll say she 's doing it for the good of the city . 
 my body drags . 
 adrenaline drove me to the eighteenth floor , pushed me to the column , but now the immediate danger has passed . 
 i feel empty . 
 `` faster , bron . 
 i want to be away from all these people . '' 
 faster , bron . 
 new goal -- the academy , before the citizens mob the towers , before the last spoke collapses , before the batteries are stolen . 
 to protect calea , i must repair her . 
 that is enough for now . 
 i move quickly , nearly dragging calea along , narrowly avoiding lifting her off the ground . 
 i no longer want to speak with the others . 
 they will present other options , additional needs . 
 i 've chosen calea . 
 i will not choose another . 
 we enter the main hall . 
 it 's a disaster . 
 we take roundabout passages , mostly staying on level ground . 
 twice we navigate heaps of broken masonry , calea stubbornly at my side , cursing beneath her breath . 
 i stop once to move debris and dig a path through . 
 when we finally reach the spoke and see the sky again , it is early evening . 
 i set calea against the decorative wrought iron that acts as a barrier between the road leading to the academy and the well below . 
 calea is pale and can hardly catch her breath . 
 her injuries are superficial , but her body has been pushed beyond its normal limits . 
 i watch her discreetly as i study the road before us . 
 she is thin , almost frail . 
 i have always thought her weaker than she presented herself , but now she looks broken , like a doll thrown in a corner . 
 `` we 'll keep moving after a moment 's rest , '' i say . 
 she will not want me to think her weak , but i will delay for more than a moment . 
 the road itself , two lanes plus wide avenues for walking on either side , seems sturdy enough . 
 ahead i can see some gaps , but i think we will manage if we keep an eye out . 
 the trees lining the avenues are half bare , green trees with naked branches . 
 the land is harsh away from the wells , verdant within its reach . 
 what happens now ? 
 i can see most of the towers , too , or what is left of them . 
 three have completely collapsed . 
 tower six stands nearly intact . 
 tower five leans precariously over the well , rooms open to the pit below . 
 it is hard to comprehend what has happened . 
 i examine each tower in turn , thoughtless and overwhelmed . 
 i become aware that calea is crying . 
 i do not look , to look would be cruel , but my eyes are drawn in that direction . 
 it is then i finally see what i should have seen at first sight . 
 i had not even thought to look into the well . 
 it is below and our path is above . 
 now i step to the railing and stare into the gaping pit . 
 it is huge , immensely deep , more than two miles end to end , and it is empty . 
 the sight is shocking . 
 all my life , i have seen the shifting colors of magic as they hummed beneath the wheel . 
 nothing remains . 
 it is hollowed out . 
 the contrast strikes me cold . 
 and yet , i do not understand what it means . 
 i have lost nothing . 
 it is an emptiness in the landscape , but it has not removed a thing from my life . 
 but calea 's life has been drained out . 
 i glance at her . 
 i am afraid of what she might do , and i want somehow to connect with her . 
 she is sobbing , eyes closed , hand pressed against her lips , trying to keep the sounds from escaping . 
 `` let 's keep moving . '' 
 it 's not what i want to say . 
 it 's the only thing i can say . 
 she stands slowly , pulling herself up with her one arm , balancing on her one foot . 
 i do not help her . 
 she waits a long time , hand clenched on the railing , trying to breath . 
 i give her time . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 she manages to control her voice . 
 `` are you going to help me or not ? '' 
 i support her once again and lead her forward . 
 we take to the center of the road , so as to avoid the barren depths of the well . 
 and we walk . 
 about midway to the academy , the spoke starts to show evidence of fractures . 
 i step carefully , watching the cracks . 
 the avenues along the edges fall away for a time , first one side , then the other , the road like a garment with moth-eaten edges . 
 i see the break long before we reach it , but even with time to consider , i have no plan to get across . 
 the road disappears for twelve feet or more , except for girders exposed by the blast and a few thin walkways of unsupported concrete . 
 `` we are not turning back , '' she says . 
 i support her almost entirely by my own strength . 
 she has nothing left . 
 `` we are n't . '' 
 there is no good way to do this . 
 `` calea , i need you to hang on to my back . 
 can you do that ? '' 
 `` how am i supposed to do that ? '' 
 `` tightly . '' 
 that gets a little smile from her . 
 she must be exhausted . 
 `` all right . 
 i 'll hang on if you promise not to fall . '' 
 `` deal . '' 
 i choose the girder that seems the sturdiest . 
 that 's a guess at best . 
 the girder runs a few feet below the surface of the road . 
 i lower calea onto her belly and climb down onto the girder . 
 it is barely wider than my shoulders . 
 `` lay your arm over my chest . 
 i 'll grab it and keep you leveraged . '' 
 `` you 'll pull my arm out of socket . 
 here , this 'll work . '' 
 she wraps her arm around my neck , my throat in the crook of her elbow . 
 it 's suspiciously like a choke hold . 
 `` can you hold tight ? '' 
 `` i 'll hold . 
 now go . '' 
 i bend forward , easing her off the road and onto my back as smoothly as possible . 
 i stare at the metal beneath my feet , not into the abyss below . 
 she settles . 
 i raise up , finding my balance . 
 it is difficult to breath with her weight pulling down on my esophagus . 
 i take my first step . 
 i waver a moment , wait , rediscover my center . 
 another step . 
 slow breathing . 
 the wind picks up and i stop . 
 another step . 
 `` hurry , '' calea says . 
 `` do n't look down . '' 
 `` stop talking and go ! '' 
 she shouts . 
 another step . 
 since i woke this morning , everything is another step -- just one more step . 
 that 's enough . 
 that 's all that matters . 
 one more step . 
 i find my rhythm . 
 only for a moment , at the start , did i allow thoughts of falling . 
 after that , it is only the next step . 
 a step is easy . 
 and after that , only one more . 
 and one more . 
 i am at the other end . 
 i climb the short ascent , leaning forward to ease the pressure of calea 's weight . 
 i crawl onto the road , lower myself , and allow calea to roll off . 
 `` help me up , '' she says . 
 `` and stop wheezing . 
 you sound like an asthmatic dog . '' 
 i laugh , or try to . 
 i rub my neck . 
 not crushed , but it might be bruised . 
 calea held on very tightly . 
 we resume our journey . 
 the academy looms before us , the facade broken to pieces but still hanging on . 
 it is an octagonal building , thickly built , squat . 
 the road is pocked and mangled , but it looks as if it will hold , as long as we are careful . 
 `` we 'll be there soon , '' i tell her . 
 `` not soon enough . '' 
 chapter 6 - the journey out three years earlier calea gave bron credit for one thing -- he was quiet . 
 most days she spent in her lab , sometimes working forty-eight hours non-stop , oblivious to time , fatigue , and hunger . 
 she 'd drop deep into the problem before her until she understood the contours of the dilemma , its form and shape and idiosyncrasies . 
 her theories and the symbols on her whiteboard and the experimental applications of magical transference played one off the other , each held loosely so that it could change with the situation . 
 she tested , dissected , recombined , discarded , and retried . 
 bron very well might leave for hours at a time when these moods took her , but she knew he did not . 
 he took his required days off , but he watched and waited endless hours . 
 sometimes she returned to her surroundings with him in the other room , a tray with warm food sitting beside her . 
 if that had been all a bodyguard was , she could almost have dealt with it , if only because she would n't have to deal with it at all . 
 a shadow was the most forgettable thing in the world as long as it kept quiet . 
 and bron did admirably -- but not perfectly . 
 he urged her to eat or to socialize . 
 he hovered over her , prodded her , gave her looks that showed he thought she was wrong . 
 he did it softly , and subtly , but she noticed . 
 it was the principal of the thing , too . 
 she remembered that first night . 
 she knew the perception : she needed protecting , because she could not protect herself . 
 today , calea was out of the lab and out of the tower . 
 she had begun introducing cheap , efficient personal transports into the section four economy , as well as a host of less visible but more important upgrades to the power grid . 
 occasionally , she found it necessary to look over her project personally , if only because she did n't trust others to tell her the whole truth . 
 her assistants were largely upper-level students who were both frightened of and in awe of her . 
 they performed the task of administrative paperwork well enough , but they certainly could not judge the results of her current experiments with as critical an eye as she demanded . 
 so , once a month , on schedule , she descended into the city . 
 she went without announcement . 
 she did not like to draw attention to herself , whatever the rumors in the wheel claimed . 
 she 'd heard the muttering . 
 it was caused by envy . 
 that pleased her . 
 though she walked inconspicuously among the people , she could not come alone as she desired . 
 bron was at her side , quiet , yes , but still there , on alert , like a hawk . 
 he walked coolly enough , but his eyes roamed back and forth . 
 `` you do a poor job of remaining hidden , '' she said . 
 `` i am not trying to hide . '' 
 `` i wish you would . 
 i do not need you here , anxious to throw yourself in front of some energy blast . 
 there was a study some years ago showing that less than twenty percent of the population could identify the overseer by sight , and i 'm not the overseer . 
 i do not think i 'll have an angry citizen see me and attempt to punch me in the face . '' 
 bron said nothing , and this , more than some excuse or explanation , aggravated calea . 
 she was already in a bitter mood . 
 she had woken up that way . 
 now , she was beginning to roil within . 
 `` when can i be rid of you ? '' 
 she tried to say it lightly . 
 sometimes he seemed to be hiding a smile when she became furious at him . 
 `` when i am no longer needed . '' 
 `` ha ! 
 needed ? 
 no one 's needed in this world . 
 we 're all extraneous , accidents . 
 men live and die . 
 their names sometimes linger a few generations . 
 for what ? 
 i 'll be forgotten soon enough , even if i change the whole world with my mind . 
 i 'll hang on as a name in a book and a picture on a wall , if that . '' 
 bron nodded . 
 `` then why do you do what you do ? '' 
 `` they think they need me . 
 it 's a lie . 
 someone else would do what i 'm doing , if not now , then within a decade . 
 but i might as well do it . 
 it gives me a way to spend my time , and it pleases them . '' 
 `` well , protecting you gives me something to do as well . 
 let 's leave it at that . '' 
 calea wanted to scream at him . 
 she had rattled off that little speech to make him uncomfortable -- and from some uncomfortable emotion of her own . 
 he had accepted it without question . 
 he was either an unthinking brute or he was mocking her . 
 it was possible both were true . 
 her destination was a retailer she 'd recently partnered with , a bicycle shop she was using to sell the new motorcycle she 'd help develop . 
 with the newest battery , streamlined , magic-powered vehicles were now possible . 
 most cars were still clunky and over-large , but that was slowly changing . 
 calea wanted to shock the people with her compact two-wheeled vehicle . 
 she hoped to do some interviews with customers today . 
 `` this is going to be a nice place to live , '' bron said . 
 he did not often start conversations . 
 `` the metrics of happiness and prosperity have been rising steadily in this section . 
 technology is the most efficient means of changing a person 's position in life . '' 
 `` not the only way . '' 
 `` the most efficient . '' 
 `` will you spread your work to the rest of the city ? '' 
 `` i do n't have much say in other sections . 
 in time , others might borrow from my work , as long as it does n't contradict with their own experiments . 
 the technology will spread to thyrion before it 's publicly released , if history teaches us anything . 
 they 're tech-grubby , and it causes them more than a few problems . 
 the minor villages will get it in time . 
 but my work needs tested over years , and verified by others , then repeated , before the socio-economic blueprint will be made officially available . '' 
 he did not respond . 
 he was a normal , a native of routinely poor section three . 
 he likely disagreed with the process . 
 the non-select always took the short view of things . 
 `` we 're doing this for your own good , you know . '' 
 `` yes , i know . '' 
 he seemed to tense up . 
 that encouraged her . 
 he had been hurt in some way . 
 people and traffic crammed down the street . 
 this section had more cars per household than any other , not a particularly difficult feat considering how few civilian cars had been allowed in the city . 
 by her estimation , in three years nearly half of all households in section four would own one . 
 her newest battery was more compact , efficient , and long-lasting than any before it , and the method of creation safer . 
 manufacturing costs would drop , and the retail price to civilians would fall . 
 previous administrators of section four had run a moderately open economy . 
 calea did n't plan to make any changes . 
 let the people work , earn money , and purchase what they would . 
 they 'd purchase her work . 
 bron leaned over casually . 
 `` we are being followed . '' 
 so perhaps his earlier stiffness had not been from affront but paranoia . 
 `` it 's lunch hour in the busiest part of downtown . 
 you 'd have to work not to follow someone . '' 
 and if she was being followed , what did it matter ? 
 she could handle it . 
 it did n't concern her much . 
 she felt a sense of pride walking among the people -- people who did not know that she was making their lives better . 
 it was n't a sense of identification with these people ; she felt as if she were invisible , walking between them as they lived whatever lives these people lived . 
 she did not look down on them . 
 not much , anyway . 
 she simply regarded them as agents in her experiments , blind beneficiaries of her work . 
 driving , as many guides were wont to do , either from desire of speed or a vague fear of the masses , would draw unwanted attention . 
 she was beginning to feel eyes upon her , though , but it was a fancy , invented by bron so he could feel useful . 
 the man was dull , slow , and single-minded , a personality better suited to a dog than a man . 
 the bicycle shop was two roads over . 
 the sun was hot , the people close , and her hip was beginning to ache , a flaw in her prosthetic . 
 this was a main road , narrow but busy , men and cars working at cross-purpose , neither yielding to the other . 
 stores crammed close to one another , savory aromas coming from many , shoes and clothes and books and groceries sold in others . 
 it was all a bit quaint , actually , with two-story buildings , apartments over storefronts , a far cry from the tall towers of section six and the relentless propaganda of section eight . 
 it would almost certainly have to change as technology did , but she had no strong opinions on the direction . 
 she 'd keep track of the retail , consumer , and architectural evolutions and let them run their course , whatever that would be . 
 she pressed her way across the street , hoping to lose bron in the crush . 
 he would n't reprimand her , but she would smirk and show him how little he meant to her . 
 the crowd quickly thinned a block over . 
 calea looked back to see if she had lost bron . 
 three men surrounded her . 
 two grabbed her arms and the third spoke . 
 `` come quietly . 
 your expertise is needed . 
 we have much to offer you . '' 
 they pulled her into a narrow alley . 
 calea was more affronted than frightened . 
 her mechanical arm easily freed itself from the grip holding it . 
 `` you must be from thyrion . 
 there is nothing i want . 
 everyone here knows that . '' 
 `` you will come , one way or the other . '' 
 bron stumbled around the corner . 
 blood ran from his forehead . 
 he unleashed a shot from his gun , but the blast streaked above their heads . 
 he wobbled badly , fighting for consciousness . 
 the leader of the three tilted his head . 
 a brick pulled loose from the wall . 
 bron collapsed , groaning . 
 `` a non-select bodyguard . 
 how useless . '' 
 `` it was n't my idea , '' calea answered . 
 `` the overseer naively believes thyrion will refrain from armed assault on jalseion . 
 you know , the treaty . 
 the bodyguard 's for more mundane plots . '' 
 `` who says we 're from thyrion ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` perhaps we 're just in it for the money . '' 
 bron kept twitching , as if his will refused to listen to his body . 
 `` this is a crowded area , '' calea said . 
 `` what if i resist ? 
 you would n't want there to be an incident . '' 
 the leader snapped his fingers . 
 fire sprung to life at their tips , taking the form of a miniature sword . 
 deft manipulation , that . 
 these three were trained in precision . 
 perhaps the motion was show , but perhaps he still required it to guide the magic properly . 
 `` i have found that heating the brain can have lasting effects . 
 are you willing to risk losing all that precious knowledge of yours ? '' 
 `` are you ? '' 
 calea projected confidence , but she was beginning to tremble against her will . 
 panic shuddered through her at the mention of brain damage . 
 her mind was all she had . 
 everything else was already broken . 
 `` you need my knowledge . '' 
 `` we can take your arm and leg . 
 there are many smart people in the world . 
 one of them will figure out how they work . 
 you have n't shown the world everything , i think . '' 
 she reacted quickly , almost before she had decided what to do . 
 digging deep from the well , absorbing the aura of power that surrounded it , she swelled with magic until she wanted to vomit and then forced it out in torrents of raw power . 
 electricity emanated from her in waves , beating back the thugs . 
 they reacted , pulling bricks down in heaps to bury her , but the electricity sparked into a wall of flame , burning her , scorching her , the blast of its heat knocking the three off their feet and breaking the bricks to pieces . 
 calea struggled to keep upright as the broken shards fell upon her . 
 now air hammered the three , keeping them down , choking and compressing them , battering them . 
 she tapped the stone in the brick , throwing aside all her years of technique , and buried the three beneath the rock , melting it into unbroken mounds , where they were trapped , but alive . 
 probably . 
 the energy dissipated , emptying her . 
 it had lasted less than a minute . 
 she stood up straight , testing her limbs . 
 a little stiff . 
 she was covered in bruises and cuts . 
 blood trickled down her cheek , but she did n't care . 
 she felt barren , with a hint of sorrow and anger and joy somewhere beneath . 
 nothing else seemed necessary , no action , no thought . 
 she felt she could stand there , frozen , for a long , long time , wanting nothing , needing nothing . 
 she saw bron rising to his knees . 
 `` i did n't need you , '' she said . 
 `` what use are you ? 
 i told you i did n't need you . '' 
 chapter 7 - discoveries in the lab the final approach to the academy is uneventful . 
 the road is relatively clear , and the nearing goal has reinvigorated me . 
 i know it is a momentary boost , but i will take what i can get . 
 the academy seems churned by giant hands , the walls mangled , but the damage seems largely superficial . 
 it is built upon a stone pillar that rises out of the well , a pillar erected by select of several centuries past . 
 they christened the well curiosity 's fount and set to work with their experiments . 
 i wonder at their ambition , to create a residence in the center of the source of their power . 
 rumors say they attempted even greater things in their desire to live as near the magic as possible . 
 as is well known , the laboratory and research center they established evolved into the hub of the wheel and modern-day jalseion ; now , it is an isolated , empty edifice , stranded above a desolate canyon of no importance . 
 and i am certain that the academy is empty . 
 nothing moves in the exposed rooms . 
 i remember the cars and generators in the city , blown to pieces by the blast , whatever it was . 
 did men who could feel magic and manipulate magic also fill up and overload on magic ? 
 `` we 're almost there , '' i say . 
 `` save your breath , '' calea bites back . 
 she is on the ragged edge of exhaustion . 
 the entry arch held a vast wall of glass , in which had been set a number of doors . 
 the ground is covered in shards now . 
 i am glad for my shoes . 
 it is as if we are entering some vast cave , dark and forbidding . 
 the academy is a pensive structure . 
 within , the rooms are close and cluttered , most cut off from sunlight and illuminated by the building 's generator , which is certainly destroyed . 
 luckily , calea 's labs are on the basement floor , which is built into the rock , in the outer ring , since her experiments deal with the actual substance of magic . 
 this places her both closer to the source and deeper into the rock of the pillar . 
 this last is for protection if something were to go wrong with her experiments . 
 i stop in the dark passage . 
 something is moving . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 calea demands . 
 `` you 're not going to give out on me . '' 
 i squeeze her to quiet her , straining my ears . 
 i hear it again , a rustling , but no voices . 
 i thought i heard voices the first time . 
 i turn aside , into the nearest room , one with walls taken off . 
 calea begins to protest , but i set her down in the corner with a firm command : `` do n't make a sound . '' 
 her face is an entire diatribe , but she is silent . 
 i wait . 
 after a time , calea begins to speak , but i cut her off . 
 ten minutes pass . 
 the structure creaks . 
 wind whispers over the rooms . 
 i am not satisfied . 
 i have been examining the room . 
 it is an office , with two walls lined with shelves . 
 the books are oddly disordered . 
 whole sections are untouched , while others lie in disarray across the floor . 
 i can not see it from where i am , but some form waits behind the desk . 
 i stand , holding one of my knives . 
 i 'm certain the pistol is worthless now , its magic charges overloaded . 
 i approach . 
 the form is a corpse . 
 another familiar face , a bookworm by the name of julian . 
 i used to see him in the common room , occasionally . 
 his body is marred by scratches and bruises , but it is uncovered , so there is no evidence of what caused his injuries . 
 it could mean a lot of things , probably , but to my heightened senses , it means this : he died face first and someone turned him over . 
 `` let 's get this done , '' i say . 
 i lift calea in my arms . 
 she does not protest much . 
 `` what do you think -- ? '' 
 `` i 'm carrying you . 
 i 'd like you to walk on your own two feet as soon as possible . '' 
 the floor seems uncertain beneath me . 
 the academy stands , but the foundation has shifted beneath it , somehow . 
 all the well-defined passages have been shaken . 
 the door to calea 's labs is open . 
 i stop at a distance and set her down in the frame of a neighboring door . 
 she does not ask what i am doing . 
 she senses it too . 
 i have a knife in each hand , now , and a third in my belt . 
 after the encounter with mercenaries three years ago , i taught myself how to hit a target at thirty feet . 
 a select with a grudge is likely to snuff me out without getting close , but i 'll make him hurt . 
 i step into the room , silently , listening . 
 muffled voices slip in from the connected room . 
 stepping carefully , i cross to the next door . 
 i peer around . 
 two men in dark uniforms wait at the door to calea 's storage room . 
 they are exchanging words quietly and looking in . 
 military . 
 a third and fourth exit from storage , one holding a cylinder between his thumb and forefinger for the others to see . 
 calea 's newest battery . 
 he places it in a padded container with a dozen others of various sizes . 
 it is time for me to go . 
 i need to return to calea and hide her . 
 i step into the room . 
 `` i ca n't let you leave with those . '' 
 they raise their guns at me . 
 i walk toward them . 
 the guns are useless . 
 i think they are useless . 
 `` those do n't belong to you . '' 
 `` we outnumber you . 
 leave us be , and you 'll live . '' 
 `` as i see it , you may very well be responsible for the deaths of hundreds , maybe thousands , of jalseians . 
 i 'll take my chances . '' 
 `` this is n't your fight . '' 
 i laugh . 
 he does n't know how wrong he is . 
 i sold my life to calea . 
 it was my choice . 
 i do n't back down from a choice . 
 `` you have ten seconds , '' i say . 
 `` we 'll shoot . '' 
 `` you 're select . 
 thyrion would n't send less . 
 and i 'm still living . 
 you 're powerless . 
 five seconds . '' 
 i sense the move before i see it . 
 my first knife leaves my hand just as it begins . 
 the commander falls , the pack of batteries going down with him . 
 my second knife lodges deep into the abdomen of the man beside him as the first man hits his knees . 
 i rush in , barreling with all my weight into the third , smashing him against the wall . 
 he 's dazed . 
 i have a moment to grab the batteries -- but the remaining soldier has already taken them . 
 i lunge for him , but a hand grasps me from behind . 
 the soldier with the batteries retreats from the room as i turn to face my attacker . 
 though dazed , the third man is flailing , trying to keep me busy and perhaps land a punch . 
 he tries to pin me and i let him , using his momentum to my advantage . 
 i force him around , press him to the floor , and choke him out . 
 it takes no time , too much time . 
 i should have pulled my third knife . 
 a solid weight slams against me . 
 slippery hands grasp my throat , knees press into my back . 
 his grip is strong but slick , and i pull my head free , forcing my elbow behind me with all the force i can manage . 
 it connects solidly . 
 i gain my moment and scramble away . 
 i turn , lifting my knee . 
 it slams into bone . 
 i kick with my other foot . 
 solid contact . 
 he falls to the floor with a squeal of pain . 
 only then do i realize who it is i 'm fighting . 
 it 's the commander ; my borrowed shoes have dug into the knife wound . 
 the knife itself has fallen out , apparently . 
 i take a second to breathe . 
 it 's a mere moment . 
 i have to contain three men or i need to leave them and return to calea . 
 they are incapacitated for now , i decide , one unconscious , one twice beaten , and the last pale-faced in the corner . 
 my aim was good . 
 i hear her scream . 
 perhaps i 've been hearing it , but it finally registers . 
 a spike of panic lacerates my insides . 
 i am already at the door , in the hall . 
 calea is writhing . 
 i see a form racing away in the darkness . 
 i throw my final knife , but it is too far and i am moving too fast . 
 he escapes . 
 calea is screaming , holding nothing back . 
 it is full of pain and anger . 
 i see the wound in her side first , a nasty , bloody gash . 
 her hand is pressed against it in agony . 
 i retreive towels from the bathroom in her lab . 
 she has quieted a little , but she is cursing , mostly at me . 
 nothing coherent , just vile , hateful words . 
 i place the first towel against the wound and press firmly . 
 she intakes a painful breath before swinging her arm at me . 
 `` stay still , '' i command . 
 `` let it bleed , let it ! 
 let it run , let it spurt , let me die ! '' 
 i know why she is saying such things . 
 it is not the pain . 
 in a little bit , she will tell me it does not hurt . 
 i see what is missing . 
 i saw it at first , but it was not the most pressing matter . 
 her leg and arm have been stolen . 
 the stubs glisten with blood . 
 the limbs were removed forcibly , the grafts cut through . 
 the last soldier -- he took my knife from the commander 's body . 
 my knife did this . 
 i let her wear her tongue out against me . 
 i place another towel on as the first soaks through , and then another . 
 the flow is slowing . 
 i need to move her as soon as i can , but where will i take her ? 
 it is a long way over dangerous ground to anyone who might have the skills and resources to help . 
 `` why wo n't you let me die ? '' 
 she cries . 
 `` you 've failed . 
 it 's over . 
 now or in a few hours , i die . 
 let me die . 
 there is nothing left . '' 
 i do not resist . 
 i change the subject . 
 `` what will they do with your limbs ? '' 
 `` who cares ? 
 study them , wear them , hang them on a wall . 
 the world is ended because of me . 
 let me die with it . '' 
 `` it 's not your fault . 
 thyrion does n't have the resources to destroy a well , and they certainly did n't do it to get to you . '' 
 `` quiet ! 
 idiot ! 
 fool ! 
 someone destroyed it . 
 someone did it . 
 who else ? 
 thyrion is covered in blood , from beginning to end . 
 ` red as blood , red as blood , the thyrion soldier comes . ' 
 they are taking everything with them , all the resources , all the ideas , all the brains they lack . '' 
 `` i 'll get you out of here , and when you 're better , you can move to another well . '' 
 i am putting her into a fighting mood . 
 her words become less emotional , more emphatic , as she argues . 
 `` you think this is the end ? 
 if they control who has wells , they control who has power . 
 will they let me live quietly near some backwater pool of a well ? 
 no ! 
 and i would n't . 
 i will be free to work and to use magic . 
 but jalseion is dead and the idea of jalseion is dead and i am dead . 
 you are lying to yourself and to me . 
 everything i have has been taken from me . 
 you started this journey by coming to find me -- you should end it . 
 take your knife and finish it . '' 
 i stand up , leaving her to press the wound . 
 she is half a woman , covered in blood , and as pale as a corpse . 
 `` coward ! '' 
 she shouts . 
 `` leave me then ! 
 run away ! 
 bodyguard , hah ! 
 how have you ever protected me ? 
 weak , stupid , useless ! '' 
 `` if any magic remains , could you use it ? '' 
 `` the well is empty ! '' 
 `` if any remains below , a puddle or a small spring , could you use it to save yourself ? '' 
 she would have to be quite close to sense a source that small . 
 `` it does n't work like that . 
 magic is brute force . 
 it does n't heal . 
 it does n't perform miracles . 
 it burns and moves and smashes . '' 
 `` you can use needles of fire to close the wound . '' 
 `` you are getting desperate , bron . '' 
 but i can tell she is considering the possibility . 
 `` i will see that you live . '' 
 `` then why do you not take me back to the city ? 
 how would you find this hypothetical magic , anyway ? 
 go down into the well ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` you want to see me die , then . 
 this well is the deepest on record . 
 how would we get down ? 
 fall ? '' 
 she grimaces from pain as she speaks ; i think she humors the conversation because it keeps her mind busy . 
 `` i do n't know yet . '' 
 `` why not the city ? 
 do n't i have a better chance of surviving the trip to the city ? '' 
 at first , i do not know if i will answer her . 
 perhaps i am wrong . 
 what does it matter if i am ? 
 `` you will not make it , because you will not try to make it . 
 you will give up . 
 you think there is nothing left for you . '' 
 she watches me carefully . 
 `` and the well ? '' 
 `` if there is magic , there is hope for jalseion -- for you . '' 
 she looks at me from behind her mask . 
 `` i would rather stay here . '' 
 `` you do n't really have a choice . 
 i 'm the one carrying you . '' 
 chapter 8 - revelations in the lab one week before calea sat at the desk in her lab , welding on a square of outer metal to the damaged shell of her arm . 
 that afternoon , an attempt at compacting magic into one of her thimble-sized batteries had pressed against the limit of her ability . 
 the resulting explosion tore into her arm and singed some of her clothes . 
 she 'd been wearing a mask , so she was unhurt except for the cosmetic damage to her upper arm . 
 she 'd found the best way to weld was to use some sort of `` lightning rod , '' a piece of metal that focused the magic she pulled up from the well . 
 the thin rod of metal worked wonderfully in directing the fine manipulations of heat . 
 the tighter the flow of magic , the trickier it was to direct accurately , even as its accuracy became essential . 
 bron entered just as she finished . 
 he was a few minutes early , which was just on time for him . 
 he kept a squeaky clean record , never a tardy or sick day , never an indiscretion with wine or women after work . 
 calea had watched carefully for one for the last five years , with no luck . 
 it did n't matter now . 
 she 'd gotten her way . 
 it had taken persistence and not a little pressure , but it was done as of tonight . 
 `` thank you for coming , bron , '' she said formally . 
 `` this wo n't take long . '' 
 she handed him a sheet of paper . 
 `` i no longer require your services . 
 you 're officially dismissed . '' 
 he started , a rare occurrence . 
 slowly , he took the sheet and read it over . 
 `` straight from the overseer . '' 
 `` i did n't want there to be any confusion . '' 
 `` may i ask why ? '' 
 `` why now or why in general ? 
 i think you 're well aware of the second . '' 
 `` you think you do n't need me . '' 
 `` i know i do n't . 
 a maid can do your work , and for significantly less pay . '' 
 `` this is n't about the money . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 calea waited . 
 `` you can leave now . '' 
 she honestly did n't know what bron would do . 
 would he protest ? 
 probably . 
 would it come to threats ? 
 sometimes , she thought it might . 
 she believed , though he had never given her indication , that he had a temper below the surface . 
 he was self-righteous enough ; would he act on it ? 
 he did nothing for a long time , maybe half a minute . 
 then he handed back the paper . 
 `` i 'm ... sorry . '' 
 he headed for the door . 
 what did he mean he was sorry ? 
 he had n't said it in an accusatory manner . 
 he had meant it . 
 he was n't going to make this about him . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 calea demanded . 
 `` nothing . 
 just what i said . '' 
 `` what are you sorry for ? 
 for being a waste of flesh ? 
 for being unable to do the least to actually protect me ? 
 for having rocks for brains ? 
 you are a brute , single-minded , obsessed with your own ideas of what the world needs . 
 have n't five years shown you ? 
 did i take weeks to recover from that abduction attempt ? 
 no ! 
 you did . 
 if you 're sorry for anything , be sorry you wasted my time . '' 
 `` i should n't have said anything . '' 
 `` you still have n't . 
 tell me what you meant . 
 i want to hear it . 
 i demand it . '' 
 bron stood there , his eyes meeting hers darkly . 
 `` if i am no longer employed , i will take my leave . '' 
 calea shot to her feet . 
 `` do n't you dare ! 
 you stubborn , horrible , wretched , hurtful man ! 
 who do you think you are ? 
 i did n't ask for you , and yet i 've spent five years with you at my side , like a dog , a stupid dog that needed more kicks than i gave it . 
 be relieved you 're leaving me . 
 be glad . 
 you 're free . 
 free from my grasping . 
 free from my complaining , my insults , my weakness . 
 that 's it , is n't it ? 
 you 're sorry i was so weak . 
 you 're sorry you had to put up with me all these years . 
 tell me . '' 
 she had come around the desk . 
 she was in his face , eye-to-eye , forcing him back , but he refused to move . 
 his face revealed nothing . 
 `` i will tell you , '' he said . 
 a small emotion crossed his face . 
 he had made a decision . 
 `` sit , and i will tell you . '' 
 calea flung herself back into her chair . 
 `` begin . '' 
 `` i am more than twenty years older than you . 
 when you were a child , i was a young man . 
 i was employed with the academy as a maintenance man . 
 it was my job to keep the areas under my supervision clean and in good repair . 
 one of my responsibilities was the greinham observation deck . 
 for some weeks , i was extremely busy in upkeep . 
 things all go bad at the same time . 
 then , one day , i heard that the gate at the corner of the observation deck had come loose and a girl had fallen into the well . 
 she lived , but she had been irreversibly injured . '' 
 calea hardened herself . 
 `` and you felt guilty . '' 
 a pause . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and you thought protecting me would relieve this guilt ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and did it ? '' 
 it seemed he was trying to find words . 
 `` you are a proud woman . 
 you have accomplished incredible things . 
 the injury did not stop you . 
 you have done remarkably well for yourself . '' 
 `` and the guilt ? '' 
 `` it is what it is . '' 
 calea stood again , tamping down the raw emotions . 
 `` i forgive you , of course . 
 we may part on good terms . 
 you could have been far worse to me than you were . '' 
 bron nodded . 
 her words had not exactly been kind , but they were the best she could manage without revealing her emotions . 
 bron had seen her rage , her sorrow , all her violent lashings , but she refused to let him see it again , at the end . 
 `` good-bye , bron . 
 perhaps our paths will cross occasionally . '' 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 after he left , she let the tears loose . 
 a thin film of anger covered them , but mostly it was sorrow for what had been lost . 
 she could n't blame him for her accident . 
 she wanted to , but in the middle of the many , many nights , she had faced the loss of her limbs and discovered she had no one to blame . 
 not herself , not another , just blind chance . 
 the gate had happened to be loose ; she had happened to fall against it . 
 neither she nor bron factored into it . 
 if not bron , then another . 
 if not her , then another . 
 and that is why she cried . 
 for the guilt . 
 she felt it , too , just as he did . 
 guilt for her own loss . 
 guilt for the stupidity of the world . 
 guilt for the things that no one could change . 
 she felt blindly , inexorably responsible for what had happened simply because she lived . 
 guilt for having existed and for continuing to exist in such a stupid , random world . 
 she had almost forgotten the despair ... the night after the accident , she had been unable to sleep . 
 she was afraid to close her eyes . 
 whenever she began to drift into sleep , she felt the tug of the magic , and woke with a jolt , a scream in her throat . 
 she looked ; she still remained . 
 but if she slept , she would be eaten up . 
 she would vanish like the coins and the ribbon . 
 she would simply ... cease . 
 and a girl who might simply vanish had no business investing in anything but herself . 
 bron was the only person she had never been able to scare off , the only one who tried to do something extra for her , for no reason at all . 
 well , he had a reason . 
 everyone had a reason . 
 maybe everyone 's reason was guilt . 
 but he was gone . 
 finally . 
 she took a deep breath . 
 with luck , she 'd never see him again . 
 chapter 9 - rock bottom after i lock the three soldiers in the storage room , i set calea down in the lab . 
 she screws her face into some interesting expressions , but she does n't complain about the pain . 
 the color has left her lips . 
 i am restless , bottled , ragged . 
 i know i have to keep moving . 
 if i stop , fatigue will catch up to me . 
 i try to think . 
 my brain is spinning wildly . 
 i ca n't even begin to consider what to do with the soldiers ; calea is my one concern . 
 thoughts come , but they do n't follow one another . 
 i consider heading back to the tower . 
 i search the cabinets for something i can use for a descent . 
 i walk down the hall and bring back some day-old cookies someone left in the common room . 
 i make calea eat one while wondering if i can signal for help somehow . 
 of jalseion 's many specialities , medicine is not one . 
 magic is difficult to use in a healing capacity . 
 doctors are normally non-select . 
 the academy partners with a special medical school in averieom , the village nearest jalseion . 
 i need tools . 
 the descent is near a mile , if calea is correct . 
 i have no idea how architects managed to measure the well 's depth . 
 i hope they are wrong . 
 i force myself to take a breath , take stock of my surroundings . 
 as my eyes pass over the desk , i feel a wave of guilt and disgust . 
 i lied to her in this room a week ago . 
 i want to tell her the truth . 
 she has closed her eyes . 
 no -- not now . 
 i will save her , somehow . 
 i am insane . 
 what good will descending do ? 
 it will show her what i am willing to do for her . 
 she needs to understand . 
 i want her to understand . 
 even if she ... in the back of the room is a steel door , locked and deadbolted . 
 i retrieve the key from its hidden place and throw open the door . 
 i feel the cool air of evening . 
 i am at the edge of the well . 
 the sun is nearly set . 
 the floor is shadowed and growing darker . 
 i stand on the stone pillar that supports the academy . 
 a day ago , at its greatest expansion magic rose up almost to the lip , near enough that one could touch if one dared . 
 now , a sheer descent . 
 i walk the edge ; only a small arc of the circumference is accessible from calea 's lab , but if i am to start , i need to start immediately . 
 i have little enough light as it is . 
 i search for the best path down . 
 i need handholds if i am to have a chance . 
 an incline less than straight down would be helpful . 
 i stop . 
 i can not believe what i see . 
 i carefully lower myself down , placing my foot upon the ledge about four feet down . 
 it is solid . 
 it is real . 
 it is a step , almost . 
 and below it , another , hugging the pillar . 
 it is impossible . 
 i climb back up . 
 i am hopeful , excited , but convinced that something is wrong . 
 it is too good to be true . 
 there must be an explanation . 
 i return to calea . 
 she is staring blankly at the ceiling . 
 my presence brings her back . 
 `` have you found the way we 're to die ? '' 
 she asks . 
 there is a strange hope rising within me . 
 her bitterness fans it . 
 `` i 've found stairs . '' 
 `` impossible . '' 
 `` there are stairs . '' 
 `` it is not possible . 
 what hand would have made them ? '' 
 it does n't matter to me . 
 all day i have pressed ahead against hope . 
 i will take hope when i can . 
 my mother , she believed in things i was never able to . 
 she would not be surprised by this . 
 i am not sure why i think of her now ; whatever hope i have is from her , and whatever kindness . 
 perhaps in this strange moment , i understand a little of what she felt when she spoke of her beliefs . 
 `` we need to move quickly . 
 the sun is setting . 
 i want to use the light as long as i can . '' 
 there is no sensible way to carry an injured woman down into a gorge , even with the aid of steps . 
 i must carry her on my back . 
 calea keeps a small drawer with spare clothes in the back room . 
 i cut them into strips and , placing myself as if to allow a child to climb onto my back , i begin to tie her to me . 
 the bonds are tight , causing her to complain . 
 it is all i can think of on such short notice . 
 i heave myself to my feet . 
 her arm is around my neck again , and her head is over my shoulder . 
 she has grown quiet . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 i ask . 
 there is no answer . 
 i learn the distribution of weight as i walk outside . 
 the bonds seem to want to slip . 
 i reposition some . 
 i have a complicated strand , made of several lengths , that runs around the back of my neck and crosses over my chest and around calea so that she can place her weight as in a chair . 
 between that pressure and the crook of her elbow around my neck , i fully expect my head to pop off . 
 i take a moment to refocus myself . 
 that ridiculous image tells me i am growing fully aware of the situation 's severity . 
 my mind is trying to compensate by making jokes . 
 i lower myself feet first , crawling down face toward the rock like a toddler practicing on steps . 
 my feet touch the ledge . 
 it is thinner than i remember . 
 my face is pressed against the rock . 
 i search for the next ledge with my feet . 
 it is much closer than the first step down . 
 it is not a steep descent , but it takes caution . 
 `` there is an explanation for this , '' calea says . 
 i do not know if she is speaking to me or to herself . 
 `` there have been numerous unscientific attempts to manipulate the columns of the wheel . 
 we are still unsure how the original architects managed such a feat . 
 perhaps they constructed the steps . 
 the great goal of our study has been to move magic , transport it , contain it , multiply it . '' 
 i hardly listen . 
 my world is the rough wall before me , the stone upon my hands , the pressure of my feet . 
 i let her talk . 
 it keeps her occupied and it allows me to focus ; it acts as white noise , sharpening my senses . 
 i do not hear the wind or the sounds of the city , whatever they might be . 
 `` hewren talked of cultivating the well . 
 he wanted to build passages through it , that we might study it from within . 
 our strength with magic is proportional to our proximity to a well , with the limit of our reach determined by tourac 's constant , but we have only guessed at the consequences of being within the source itself . 
 some thought our power would grow exponentially if we could somehow find a way to enter the magic in some sort of capsule or submerged lab . 
 what feats we might have performed for the world . 
 how we might have changed everything ! '' 
 she continues to cite those who might have constructed the steps . 
 i walk upon them , unconcerned with their history . 
 they are smooth , almost slick . 
 time expands as she talks . 
 distance expands . 
 one minute passes , and i feel an hour of patient movement completed . 
 another minute passes . 
 i do not count them . 
 i do not count the steps . 
 the light is fading . 
 it has faded . 
 it is dark . 
 another minute passes . 
 another step . 
 i do not look down to see my progress . 
 i do not allow my brain to consider the fire in my muscles . 
 it is best to be a machine , to stifle human weakness , in these cases . 
 calea is silent . 
 i do not know when she ceased . 
 i can hear her breath in my ear . 
 it is labored . 
 her belly is warm against my back . 
 she is bleeding again . 
 she is no longer half-machine , trying to stifle human weakness . 
 but i do not know if she has the strength to allow herself to be weak . 
 i dare a look downward . 
 the bottom is hidden in darkness . 
 perhaps it is close . 
 i do not tell myself that . 
 it is far away , i tell myself . 
 then i do not look again . 
 i take a step , then another . 
 it is a rhythm held together by will . 
 my legs burn , but i am beyond that . 
 `` we 're almost there , calea , '' i say . 
 `` we 'll reach the bottom . '' 
 she does not respond . 
 time passes . 
 it is pitch black when my feet can not find another step . 
 the ground all around is flat . 
 i have reached the bottom . 
 `` calea , '' i call softly . 
 i do not know whether she is awake or asleep or unconscious . 
 my back is sticky with blood . 
 `` calea , can you sense any magic ? '' 
 she stirs . 
 i sit and untie her , lowering her to the ground . 
 `` calea . '' 
 `` are we there ? '' 
 `` we 're in the well . 
 can you sense anything ? '' 
 `` it 's gone , it 's all gone . '' 
 `` how close do you need to be ? 
 there 's surely a little left , somewhere . '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 i catch the movement in the dark like wind upon my skin . 
 i pick her up and begin to walk . 
 `` tell me if you sense any . 
 which way should i go ? '' 
 `` bron . '' 
 she says it three times before i stop . 
 `` bron , it 's no use . '' 
 `` there might be some . '' 
 `` we both know this ends here . 
 you 've done enough . '' 
 the words shake me . 
 `` not yet . 
 the steps . 
 they were there for a reason . '' 
 `` it had nothing to do with us . 
 nothing . 
 set me down . '' 
 i set her on the ground . 
 the stone is as smooth as glass . 
 i sit beside her . 
 her breath is ragged . 
 i am empty , unable to feel anything except a deep weight that ca n't quite express itself . 
 she tries to speak : `` bron , i. . . 
 i forgive you . '' 
 the words pierce through the fog of my emotions . 
 she does n't understand . 
 she never has , and i have always kept it from her . 
 i mean to keep it from her now , though it pains me . 
 she has done a noble thing in forgiving me , but it is false . 
 she has offered words to me that she would never say in lesser circumstances . 
 i remain silent , wrestling with myself . 
 should i tell her ? 
 i must . 
 i hate the lie , and i do not want her to die with it still left hidden . 
 `` i must tell you something , '' i say . 
 i do not know if she is listening . 
 `` when i told you that the gate 's failure was my fault , i lied . 
 i was a maintenance man , but the observation deck was not assigned to me . 
 i do not do my job out of guilt . 
 i told you that to spare you . 
 i understand now what hurts you most . 
 i did not grasp it at first . 
 it took me a long time to realize how much i hurt you that first night , at the party , when i tried to deflect their insults . 
 but what hurts you is what drives me . 
 `` i might call it pity , but you would misunderstand me . 
 i know you abhor pity more than anything else . 
 but i do not look down on you . 
 i do not consider myself superior . 
 but i do see your weakness , and i want to cover over it . 
 in children 's stories , a dragon can only be injured in the chink in his armor . 
 pity is that chink , and you hate it . 
 you rage and yell . 
 you make yourself hard and cold . 
 but i want to do what i can to protect you . 
 i need to . 
 `` it 's not about saving you from a knife or a blast of magic . 
 it 's about giving you security , a sense of trust , a person on which to release all your blows . 
 there is no secret motivation . 
 i have no deep psychological guilt . 
 if anything , i have a fault . 
 i want to protect those who most need it . 
 it is an instinct , a belief . 
 maybe a religion . 
 who would protect you if not me ? 
 everyone needs someone , calea . 
 everyone . 
 i have chosen to be that person , whether you want me or not . 
 because ... i ca n't leave you to yourself . 
 hate me for it if you need to . 
 i will be everything no one else is for you . 
 i would n't change it . 
 i ca n't . '' 
 i am exhausted . 
 i have rarely spoken so many words to anyone . 
 i fear i have failed to explain , or perhaps enraged her . 
 she will not allow me to call her weak . 
 she does n't understand . 
 everyone is weak . 
 everyone . 
 she says nothing . 
 i hope she has not heard . 
 i have said what i needed to say . 
 if she did not hear , all the better . 
 her breath is soft , but she lives . 
 for a while , she lives . 
 and i have shown her , the best way i know , what she is worth . 
 i wait for morning . 
 i wake suddenly . 
 it is still dark . 
 a hand is around my arm , squeezing gently . 
 the hand contracts again . 
 it is desperate , but it is weak . 
 `` bron ? '' 
 i am fully roused . 
 `` stay with me . '' 
 her voice is a fierce whisper , begging . 
 `` i do n't want to go . 
 i do n't want to . '' 
 `` i 'm here . '' 
 she swallows , a drawn-out act . 
 `` look at them . 
 the stars . 
 they 're beautiful . 
 i do n't want to go into darkness . '' 
 i look up . 
 in the depth of the well , there is no light , and the sky is brilliant with jewels . 
 i have never seen so many . 
 it is almost like looking upon a city from a distance , a city larger than thyrion , larger than any even in stories . 
 `` what are we ? '' 
 calea manages . 
 `` so little , so useless . '' 
 i grasp her hand . 
 she needs strength , not words . 
 she will argue words . 
 she lapses back into silence . 
 i am out of actions , out of steps , out of time . 
 if i could will her to live , if i could grant her my life , i would . 
 it is an ache in my soul . 
 so little , so useless . 
 the despair in those words move me . 
 i want to lift her to her feet , make her stand -- but i ca n't . 
 the steps that led us here were miraculous , but they were false . 
 the fact is she will be dead by morning . 
 i have done everything possible . 
 there is no regret , no second-guessing . 
 but i still refuse to accept these facts until hope is gone . 
 i refuse to give in . 
 there is nothing left but another miracle . 
 `` be strong , calea , '' i say . 
 `` stay with me . '' 
 from a distance comes the reply . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i 'm so afraid . 
 the stars are fading . '' 
 `` i 'll be strong for you . 
 do you understand ? 
 i 'll be strong for you . 
 just hang on . 
 let me be strong for you . '' 
 `` help me , bron . 
 please help me . '' 
 tears begin to fall down my face . 
 i am willing her to live , physically trembling with a desire to save her which i can not put into words . 
 i pull her up , into my arms , and hold her tight . 
 she is cold . 
 i want her to feel warmth . 
 i want her to know she is not alone . 
 i want her to hang on , to hold out , until ... `` i 'm here , calea . 
 i wo n't leave . 
 i 'm here . 
 you 'll be all right . '' 
 empty words , but i believe them . 
 i am not deceiving her ; if anything , i deceive myself . 
 `` it 'll be all right . '' 
 her body warms as the hours pass . 
 my eyes are heavy , my entire body pulling me down to sleep . 
 she is already asleep , her breathing easy . 
 when she passes , it will be in ease , in a dream . 
 i set her down and lay beside her , almost delirious in my extreme fatigue . 
 i pass into sleep effortlessly . 
 chapter 10 - the sky is blue blue . 
 i stare into it . 
 it 's deep , and for a long time i need nothing else but to be immersed in color . 
 it is immensely deep , incredibly brilliant , and filled with such a complexity of beauty that i dare not look elsewhere unless i wish to break the spell . 
 it 's the sky . 
 i know it 's the sky , but if it 's the sky , it means i am alive , and i desperately wish to be alive . 
 it takes courage to look elsewhere , and it takes me a long time to gather it . 
 the world is built of particles and equations ; life is easily stripped to the essentials ; but in the blue , all that is swept aside into something else , something i ca n't quite quantify , something i do n't want to quantify . 
 i do n't want the moment to pass . 
 the past hovers over me , ready to pounce , but if i do n't look ... i turn my head . 
 he is there , next to me . 
 he is dead . 
 that 's my first thought . 
 and my first emotion is relief . 
 it is fleeting , but it 's there . 
 i do n't want to deal with what he means . 
 but the immediate second emotion is guilt . 
 no one should suffer for me . 
 i do n't deserve it . 
 and then i see his chest rise . 
 he is alive , and that brings different emotions . 
 i let them play out , returning my gaze to the sky . 
 the wonder is gone , but it retains some of its beauty . 
 i let the emotions have their way , unwilling to beat them down as i normally would . 
 that world has passed away . 
 at least for the moment . 
 i sit up . 
 i am crippled again , incapacitated . 
 half a woman . 
 i look up . 
 i can see three of the spokes , each broken along its length . 
 the city is crippled , incapacitated . 
 bron stirs . 
 he sees me and sits . 
 i have never seen a look of shock upon his face , but it is there now . 
 before he bothers me with the question , i assure him : `` there 's an explanation . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` the well always gave life . 
 vegetation grows most verdantly about the wells . 
 something of that must still remain , some remnant , drifting away . '' 
 `` i do n't believe it . '' 
 `` there may be another explanation . 
 but there is an explanation . 
 there is always an explanation . 
 you did not save me . '' 
 `` i did n't think i did . 
 i just ... do n't believe it . '' 
 i heard what he confessed in the deep dark night . 
 i do not know what to do with it . 
 but he needs me . 
 it is cruel to beat him down like this . 
 and it is n't true . 
 `` you brought me here , '' i say after a moment . 
 `` so , i guess you helped save me , in some way . '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` it 's my job . '' 
 `` it was your job . '' 
 he nods . 
 `` i 'll return you to the tower . 
 they 'll need your help . '' 
 the suggestion is hollow . 
 it repels me , and i know that something has changed . 
 `` i do n't want to stay here . '' 
 the wheel is broken . 
 jalseion is maimed . 
 i 'm ashamed to appear before them , without magic , without my limbs , like a beggar in a corner . 
 `` i want to go to thyrion . '' 
 there are many objections he could give . 
 they 're occurring to me as i wait for his answer . 
 i do n't care . 
 i do n't want to stay here . 
 there 's nothing for me . 
 in thyrion , i can find answers . 
 i can find justice . 
 i can find magic . 
 that 's as far as i 'm looking . 
 he finally speaks . 
 `` how will you get there ? '' 
 `` you 'll take me . '' 
 `` i can do that . '' 
 he makes to stand , but he does not . 
 `` in a bit , '' he says . 
 `` i think ... i think i am very tired . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` i ca n't imagine why . 
 well , rest if you need to , you weak little man . 
 i 'm not going anywhere . '' 
 not without him . 
 for now , at least . 
 end the select 's bodyguard about the author nick hayden is a jalseian by nature , a man with more ideas than time . 
 most of these apply to fiction in some way or another . 
 sometimes nick really loves to write . 
 sometimes , he prefers to dream about writing . 
 most times , he enjoys reading things he 's already written . 
 without a doubt , he has to write . 
 he truly believes that fiction is a lie that tells the truth . 
 that is why he writes , and that is why he loves fiction . 
 he tends to read books published before his birth , though he is always willing to make exceptions . 
 he tends to write speculative fiction , though he is always willing to make exceptions . 
 nick is married to his lovely wife natasha . 
 he is father to his wonderful children fyodor -lrb- no , we are not russian -rrb- and serenity -lrb- for all you browncoats out there -rrb- . 
 if you enjoy his work here , visit his personal website ,  www.worksofnick.com . 
 his fantasy novel , the unremarkable squire , was published summer 2013 . 
