 the fall of the house of kyzer jaysynn -- book 1 a children of the wells novel by nathan marchand smashwords edition table of contents other books in the series chapter 1 - blood is thicker chapter 2 - outcast chapter 3 - new emperor chapter 4 - tracing chapter 5 - state secrets chapter 6 - a hero among fools chapter 7 - the watchman chapter 8 - pride goes before a fall chapter 9 - betrayal chapter 10 - enemy territory about the author this book was originally serialized at childrenofthewells.com as part of an ongoing series . 
 new stories published regularly . 
 bron & calea the select 's bodyguard the doctor 's assistant the well 's orphan jaysynn the fall of the house of kyzer the rules change new wells rising chapter 1 : blood is thicker the screams , the explosions -- they jolted jaysynn awake . 
 slowly , the black veil lifted from his vision as his heavy eyelids opened . 
 the ringing in his ears was drowned out by the cacophony . 
 he stared groggily at a pile of rubble that was once the wall of the restaurant across the street . 
 panicking crowds trampled drywall and glass -- and sometimes each other -- underfoot . 
 the stench of smoke invaded his nostrils . 
 the young man found himself slouched against a brick wall , his head throbbing . 
 the back of it was wet , so he touched it . 
 blood . 
 had he been thrown against the wall ? 
 yes , he thought . 
 by a blinding white light . 
 jaysynn shook his head to regain his bearings and forced himself to stand . 
 he quickly and reflexively pulled the hood of his dark green shirt over his scratched face and earthen hair . 
 with his hand resting on the hilt of the knife on his belt , he looked up and down the street , seeing a river of people running around overturned or burning cars . 
 smoke rose in black plumes , coalescing into ominous clouds above the city of thyrion . 
 fighting the pain in his stiffened muscles , jaysynn ran against the oncoming crowd for half a block and slipped down the alleyway . 
 the three - or four-story building was a hotel , so it had a radio antenna tower in the corner . 
 he climbed the triangular rungs of the antenna with desperate speed , his gloved hands gripping each rung tightly to keep his seemingly heavy body from falling . 
 he never took his eyes off of the top of the structure . 
 halfway up the antenna tower , he jumped onto the hotel 's roof . 
 he ran to the edge of the building and surveyed the scene . 
 everything he had seen on the street below stretched for miles in every direction . 
 skyscrapers burned and crumbled . 
 towers of flames rose above the cityscape . 
 people screamed , glass shattered , sirens blared . 
 the sweet and acrid smell of exhausted magic filled his nose . 
 jaysynn looked down at the crowds . 
 they were lost and terrified sheep without a shepherd . 
 i have to do something ! 
 i have to help them ! 
 a young woman 's face suddenly appeared in his mind 's eye . 
 what about kyrie ? 
 immediately , he turned to run toward the antenna . 
 an explosion thundered in the distance . 
 jaysynn looked toward it and saw a plume of fire shoot from the spire at the center of the emperor 's palace one mile away . 
 jaysynn 's heart quickened ; his throat tightened . 
 mother , father , my siblings . 
 did they make it out ? 
 the screams in the street ripped through the sooty air . 
 jaysynn glanced down at the death and panic below him . 
 but they need their prince . 
 those people down there actually care about me . 
 for an eternal minute , jaysynn 's agonized mind argued back and forth . 
 finally , with a sigh , he whispered , `` blood is thicker ... '' jaysynn jogged fifteen feet away from the hotel 's edge and then sprinted toward it . 
 he leaped off the roof , feeling like a bird . 
 he whipped through the rising smoke , which stung his eyes . 
 blinking to clear his vision , he nearly lost sight of the roof of the shorter building across from the hotel . 
 he landed , instinctively tucking and rolling on impact . 
 without stopping , he kept running . 
 a crumbled chimney obstructed his path , but jaysynn leap-frogged over it . 
 reaching the next ledge , he jumped across the street and clutched the edge of the next building , pulling himself onto the roof in one quick stroke . 
 jaysynn accelerated . 
 suddenly , an explosion ripped through the seventh floor of the taller building next door . 
 glass shards and debris rained down . 
 jaysynn covered his exposed face with his arms . 
 he sensed something big falling toward him and spun sideways like a dancer . 
 crash ! 
 jaysynn caught a glimpse of a desk out of the corner of his eye as he kept running . 
 glass crunched under his running shoes with every stride . 
 he prayed the shards would n't pierce their soles . 
 the next building was taller than the one he was on , but it had a fire escape . 
 coming to the roof 's edge , he leaped over the narrow street toward the fire escape . 
 he grabbed the metal bar , but suddenly its metal frame groaned as it was ripped from the weakened building 's wall . 
 jaysynn looked over his shoulder and saw a crowd of people part as he and the fire escape tumbled toward them . 
 the top of the fire escape hit the other building , lurching on impact and shaking jaysynn loose . 
 the young man tucked and rolled as he landed . 
 catching his breath , jaysynn glanced at the taller building 's entrance . 
 the door was open . 
 he ran inside the building -- an old apartment complex -- and found a staircase , which he bounded up . 
 five floors later , he shoved through the half-broken wooden door leading to the roof . 
 his destination would be behind him , so he looked over his shoulder . 
 halfway to the palace . 
 flames still rose from it . 
 boom ! 
 the roof shook under his feet . 
 jaysynn dashed toward the ledge . 
 he fought to keep his balance on the quaking roof . 
 a few strides from the ledge , he felt the building start to dip . 
 it 's collapsing ! 
 he jumped from the roof as the building crumbled under another explosion . 
 below him were burning cars and screaming people . 
 nowhere to land ! 
 but as he fell , he saw a power line swing past him , freshly severed from the falling building but still securely attached to the other end . 
 reflexively , he grabbed it . 
 he was surprised he felt no jolt . 
 clutching tightly , he swung over the destruction below . 
 he hit the opposite wall , bending his knees to minimize the impact . 
 his bones still jarred . 
 jaysynn climbed up the dangling wire , which hung from a corner of the building . 
 his muscles burned and screamed like his city . 
 he reached the top and dragged himself onto the roof . 
 for one long minute , jaysynn lay slumped on the floor , panting and sweating and bleeding . 
 he licked the perspiration around his mouth in a desperate effort to soothe his bone-dry mouth . 
 it only stung . 
 just a few more blocks , he thought , wiping his burning forehead . 
 the palace loomed nearer . 
 jaysynn forced himself to stand , shaking his bleeding , foggy head to clear it . 
 he breathed deeply and ran . 
 he knew this city . 
 he had created a map of it in his mind during all those nights of tracing across its rooftops and through its streets . 
 the next few streets were narrower , making them easier to jump . 
 he descended to shorter and shorter buildings until he came to one directly across from the palace 's gates . 
 he approached the ledge , then dangled himself from it , gripping the edge with his fingertips . 
 he let himself drop to a window frame , which he gripped , and then he jumped . 
 spinning in mid-air , he landed on the ground ten feet below him , rolling . 
 his muscles burned as he straightened , not missing a stride . 
 sweat and blood stung his eyes . 
 he wiped his forehead , clearing his vision . 
 dozens of thyrian soldiers ran through the burning cars littering imperial avenue in front of the palace . 
 they were pushing back a panicked mob , but without using any magic-powered guns . 
 jaysynn could almost blend in with the dark green uniforms . 
 as he approached the four-lane street , cutting through the panicking crowd , he leaped onto the trunk of a car . 
 he sprang to another car , barely avoiding the flames consuming it . 
 now people noticed him . 
 citizens cursed at him . 
 soldiers demanded he stop . 
 jaysynn ignored them all . 
 like a frog jumping from one lily pad to another , jaysynn leaped to the next car , narrowly dodging soldiers ' hands . 
 he jumped onto one more and then onto the sidewalk in front of the palace 's steel gates . 
 on either side of the twelve-foot gateway were bronze statues of the mighty thyr preparing to throw a thunderbolt like a spear . 
 jaysynn was surrounded by soldiers . 
 he pulled off his blood-soaked hood and turned to face them . 
 their eyes widened . 
 `` stop staring and protect the palace ! '' 
 he ordered , pointing at the crowd . 
 they quickly obeyed . 
 `` prince jaysynn ! '' 
 called a familiar voice . 
 the young man looked to his right . 
 a tall man wearing a tattered black thyrian military uniform approached him . 
 he was a general ; only generals wore black . 
 his chiseled face bore crimson dents . 
 slate-gray eyes commanded jaysynn to stand still . 
 white-speckled dark blonde hair hid under his glossy cap . 
 his name -- gen. xander dracon -- was stitched in white letters above his ribbons . 
 `` i feared you were still inside , '' dracon said . 
 `` where is my family ? '' 
 jaysynn demanded . 
 `` they 've not come out . '' 
 `` then get them out ! '' 
 `` i ca n't spare any men to send into the palace , '' replied dracon , motioning toward the chaos before them . 
 jaysynn closed his eyes and clenched his fists . 
 without thinking , he started climbing the palace gates . 
 dracon tried to grab him , but the prince quickly climbed beyond his reach . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 shouted dracon . 
 jaysynn reached the top of the gate and slid down the other side . 
 he looked the general in the eye . 
 `` saving my family . '' 
 the prince dashed toward the burning palace while dracon yelled for him to come back . 
 it was a rare show of begging . 
 flames climbed the tower in the center of the palace , transforming it into a giant torch and licking at the smoke-darkened sky . 
 many windows -- most of them shattered -- glowed bright , but others were black . 
 the fire was spreading , slowly . 
 the heat intensified with jaysynn 's every stride as he approached the palace . 
 reaching the portico , he felt like he crashed into an invisible burning wall . 
 his hands shielded his face . 
 he clenched his fists and steeled his resolve . 
 lowering his arms , he charged at the once-grand doors and kicked them open . 
 the heat smacked his face , but jaysynn grit his teeth and ran inside . 
 he entered the grand hall . 
 burning debris littered the room . 
 more fell from the high ceiling . 
 the half-circle staircase leading to the tower 's elevator was collapsing . 
 fire consumed the royal trappings . 
 `` talynn ! 
 chel ! 
 mother ! '' 
 jaysynn shouted over the roar of the flames . 
 he wandered through room . 
 `` jilla ! '' 
 the next name tasted bitter , but he spat out , `` shar ! '' 
 no answer . 
 he came to the center of the room where the ornate crystal and gold chandelier had fallen , the flames reflecting and refracting in a kaleidoscopic flurry of light . 
 `` bulon ! 
 casseo ! '' 
 jaysynn saw that the floor around the chandelier was crimson . 
 he peered through the blinding light -- and gasped . 
 buried underneath the chandelier were two of his dead siblings , burning . 
 guilt stabbed jaysynn 's heart . 
 his stomach turned and bile filled his mouth . 
 blood roared in his ears and drenched the back of his head . 
 if only ... suddenly , he heard a shout -- a warrior 's battle cry -- emanate from the open door under the half-circle staircase . 
 he recognized it . 
 `` father ! '' 
 jaysynn ran for the door , jumping over burning piles of debris . 
 he ignored the flames licking at his heels . 
 inside the door was a descending staircase . 
 no fires . 
 white light flashed in the corridor , accompanied by deafening thunderclaps . 
 jaysynn raced down the stairs . 
 the farther down he went , the more ionized the air felt . 
 his hair started standing on end . 
 he came to the basement . 
 before him was the thick containment door , opened , and inside the room beyond lay the palace 's source of power , its magic generator . 
 agonized wails mingled with thunder shot from the room . 
 jaysynn ran inside . 
 lightning bolts danced amid a shower of sparks . 
 the massive magic generator sputtered , glowed , quaked . 
 at the heart of this storm was a man -- a man wearing a ripped king 's robe and a purple cape riddled with holes . 
 his long golden hair and beard , though singed by sparks , shone like the sun . 
 rippling and bulging , his muscles desperately summoned the lightning that shot from his fingertips . 
 the man 's eyes , glowing eerily on his charred face , turned a murky white . 
 `` father , you must stop ! '' 
 `` i will when the generator stabilizes ! '' 
 `` please ! 
 we must go ! 
 the palace is burning ! '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 jaysynn glanced at the console displaying the generator 's status . 
 the hands on the generator spun chaotically . 
 the screens and readouts flashed on and off , displaying gibberish-like numbers and letters jaysynn knew were warnings . 
 `` you 're trying to stop the inevitable ! '' 
 the prince shouted . 
 `` you ca n't save the generator ! '' 
 `` i am thorynn , god-emperor of thyrion ! 
 my kingdom is sustained by my hand ! 
 so long as i draw breath , the house of kyzer will stand ! '' 
 the man 's eyes glowed brighter , hotter . 
 more lightning bolts flared , flashed . 
 the console monitoring the generator sparked , then exploded . 
 jaysynn shielded his face with his arms . 
 sucking in air through gritted teeth , he lowered his arms and marched toward his father , clenching his fists . 
 a courage -- no , defiance -- unlike any he had ever felt swelled within him and burst through his teeth like a dam . 
 `` your kingdom ? 
 your kingdom needs you out there in the streets ! 
 the generator is nothing ! '' 
 `` silence , boy ! '' 
 shouted the emperor , straining more lightning from his shriveling hands . 
 `` this is madness ! 
 please come -- '' `` away with you ! '' 
 thundered thorynn , firing a thunderbolt from his palm at jaysynn . 
 the bolt struck jaysynn in the chest and launched him like a ragdoll . 
 dazed , he flew back fifteen feet , landing outside the containment door . 
 his back hit the floor with a thud , his head bouncing off the cement . 
 more blood gushed from his head wound . 
 shock . 
 enervation . 
 his muscles twitched . 
 smoke rose from his blackened chest . 
 he smelled burnt clothing and flesh . 
 grunting painfully , he mustered his every last fiber of resolve and forced himself to sit up . 
 he watched as his father 's lightning bolts vanished . 
 the emperor flicked his fingers in desperation , but nothing sparked . 
 he shouted curses that seemed to echo through the room . 
 suddenly , a bright light consumed the generator and burst forth . 
 `` father , no ! '' 
 screamed jaysynn , stretching out with a trembling hand . 
 just then , the containment door was slammed shut . 
 dracon stood over jaysynn . 
 `` get up ! '' 
 the general ordered . 
 jaysynn was paralyzed , but now by shock and fear . 
 `` get up ! '' 
 dracon barked , grabbing the prince 's shoulders and forcing him to his feet . 
 `` if you can stand , you can run ! 
 move ! '' 
 dracon grabbed jaysynn 's wrist and all but dragged him away from the door and up the stairs . 
 only when they reached the burning grand hall did jaysynn break out of his trance . 
 the heat was fiercer . 
 the floor quaked and rumbled . 
 fiery debris rained from the ceiling like burning hailstones . 
 smoke threatened to choke him . 
 a moment later , jaysynn found himself outside . 
 flames now filled every window of the palace and rose higher on the tower . 
 a sudden quake tripped jaysynn as they reached the palace gates . 
 the prince watched as white energy exploded from below the palace , the ground underneath it erupting like a volcano . 
 for a half-second , the tower seemed to float . 
 then it fell , it crumbled , and with it , the entire palace . 
 only a pile of burning rubble remained . 
 chapter 2 : outcast seven years ago ... the foils whistled and clinked . 
 two combatants with faces hid by meshed helmets -- one left-handed and dressed in a black jacket and breeches and the other right-handed and dressed in white -- danced as they thrust and parried their weapons . 
 the white fighter huffed , his loud panting muffled by his helmet . 
 his opponent moved with grace and ease , as if toying with him . 
 the black fighter 's weapon stabbed with almost murderous intent and parried attacks with the attitude of a man brushing dust from his shoulder . 
 he charged his white-clad opponent , thrusting and stabbing , and forced him to run backward down the fifty-foot dueling strip under their feet . 
 five of the six young people watching the duel cheered . 
 with his back to the proverbial wall , the white duelist parried his opponent 's attack and instantly thrust his own weapon at his opponent 's chest . 
 but the black duelist sidestepped the stab with almost supernatural reflexes and casually tripped his opponent . 
 the white fighter rolled over on the ground to desperately defend himself , only to find the tip of the foil pressed against his neck . 
 `` ha-ha ! '' 
 exclaimed the black duelist as he raised his ungloved hand overhead . 
 a fireball shot from his hand , flew into the air , and exploded into a cloud of colorful flames . 
 the spectators cheered louder , all except one . 
 `` enjoy yourself now , shar , '' said the white duelist , using a quick gesture to summon a gust of wind that threw him to his feet . 
 now standing , he pulled off his helmet , revealing his sweat-drenched dark blonde hair and cobalt eyes . 
 `` but someday i 'll blow you out like a candle ! '' 
 shar removed his helmet , tucking it under his right arm , and ran his fingers through his dry golden hair . 
 his gray eyes flared as he smirked at the wind manipulator . 
 `` whatever helps you sleep at night , talynn . 
 wind only fans a fire 's flames , brother . '' 
 he snapped his fingers , and a small flame appeared on his pointer finger , making it look like a candle . 
 `` you 'll never do this to me . '' 
 he then pressed his finger to his lips and kissed it , blowing a tongue of fire at his brother and singeing his hair . 
 shar snickered . 
 talynn harrumphed and walked to the bench halfway down the dueling strip 's sideline . 
 there he was joined by their hefty , blond-haired brother , bulon , while their three blonde sisters intercepted shar and showered him with praise . 
 this left a brown-haired boy clad in a white tanktop and white athletic pants with silver stripes . 
 he stood alone with his arms crossed , glaring . 
 thinks he 's such a `` wildfire , '' he thought . 
 i 'll show him ! 
 the boy ran toward the bench and grabbed talynn 's foil . 
 `` jaysynn ! '' 
 exclaimed talynn , but the boy ignored his older brother 's objections . 
 he strode up to shar and declared , `` you 're not leaving until you fight me ! '' 
 shar raised an eyebrow . 
 then he laughed . 
 `` i have n't time for this , little brother . 
 father demands that i be on time for more lessons in kingship . '' 
 he sighed , whimsically adding , `` i do look forward to having the throne someday . '' 
 `` since when did you start refusing challenges ? '' 
 asked jaysynn , holding the foil up and pointing it at his brother 's smirking face . 
 `` he has a point , shar , '' interjected chel , the oldest of their sisters . 
 `` you did n't even refuse the challenge of that examiner from jalseion who thought he 'd reduced fencing to a science . '' 
 shar nodded . 
 `` poor fool . 
 he was so easy to predict . '' 
 `` and do you really think it 'll take you long to beat our little brother ? '' 
 said casseo , firing her own smirk at jaysynn , who replied with a glare . 
 `` i 'm the one who can burn holes in people 's heads with a look , little jaysynn , not you , '' said jilla , their youngest sister . 
 jaysynn only glanced at her . 
 he knew doing more than that would only earn him more condescension from her . 
 `` that 's enough , girls , '' said shar . 
 `` i see your point . '' 
 he turned to his brother . 
 jaysynn wanted so much to wipe that smug smile off his face . 
 `` i accept your challenge . '' 
 only then did jaysynn crack a small grin . 
 `` bulon should have some gear in his locker that will fit you , '' shar continued . 
 `` let 's duel now , '' insisted jaysynn . 
 `` you 've always been impetuous , '' said shar , shaking his head . 
 the two brothers stepped onto the dueling strip . 
 their sisters joined bulon and talynn over by the bench . 
 jaysynn felt their curious yet disapproving eyes pricking the back of his neck . 
 even so , jaysynn always kept his foil pointed at his oldest brother and remained in a fencing pose . 
 shar pressed the blade of his foil between his arm and side , holding his mask with both hands . 
 `` do you honestly think you , a boy of thirteen , can defeat the heir to thyrion 's throne ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 replied jaysynn , almost yelling . 
 `` too bad , '' shar said , putting his mask on , `` your stance is weak . '' 
 the heir-apparent 's foil hissed through the air and swatted jaysynn 's weapon from his hand . 
 the black-garbed prince charged forward , thrusting his blade at his brother . 
 jaysynn , reacting instinctively , miraculously dodged the attacks by swaying . 
 then , seeing an opening , he lunged to shar 's right to avoid his brother 's blade , rolled past him , grabbed the fallen foil , and sprang to his feet . 
 with that , he thrust his weapon haphazardly at shar , who merely stepped sideway , letting jaysynn 's momentum carry him along . 
 as jaysynn stumbled past him , shar smacked him on the buttocks with his foil like a father spanking a child . 
 jaysynn staggered as he turned to face shar . 
 he felt a welt start to form on his backside . 
 but the fight was n't over . 
 only a thrusting blow to the upper body could end a fencing duel . 
 he 's playing with me ! 
 i hate that ! 
 the young prince shot a few thrusts at shar , but his opponent parried each one as if bored . 
 suddenly , jaysynn felt the button tip of his brother 's foil hit his chest , threatening to impale him . 
 the bent blade arched into his vision . 
 the boy clenched his unarmed hand into a fist . 
 jaysynn knew shar was smirking under the mesh mask . 
 that pierced his heart more than the foil ever could . 
 the elder prince laughed . 
 under his mask , his laughter was muffled and sounded hollow . 
 he pulled of the mask . 
 shaking his head , he said , `` if this was a real fight , i would n't need magic to defeat you . '' 
 jaysynn hung his head . 
 `` what a pity you 're the only normal in the family . 
 if you channeled magic like us , then maybe you 'd stand a chance . '' 
 `` maybe he 's adopted , '' injected bulon . 
 jaysynn 's six older siblings guffawed . 
 the boy closed his eyes in hopes of shutting them out . 
 but he could no more silence them than use magic . 
 every second they laughed was another needle pricking his heart . 
 now his eyelids were damming hot tears he desperately wanted to hide . 
 thankfully , his siblings ' laughter slowly grew distant as they all left the gymnasium . 
 when his siblings ' voices faded down the palace 's hallway , jaysynn slammed the foil he held on the floor , plopped onto the dueling strip , and buried his face in his hands . 
 `` damn them ! '' 
 was all he could whisper . 
 `` stand up ! '' 
 a voice from behind him commanded . 
 jaysynn looked over his shoulder . 
 marching toward him from the gymnasium entrance was a tall man wearing a black thyrian military officer 's uniform . 
 shiny medals hung from his chest . 
 his cap and shoulders were emblazoned with four yellow lightning-like stripes , indicating he was a supreme general . 
 his face , chiseled like a marble statue and dented by battle , bore a fatherly expression , although jaysynn only knew this because he frequently saw the emperor look at his oldest brother like that . 
 `` a prince of thyrion should never act like a scolded dog . '' 
 jaysynn did stand , but mostly because the general 's presence demanded it . 
 the man stood in front of jaysynn , his slate-gray eyes seemingly peering into his soul . 
 the prince 's gaze fell . 
 `` look at me ! '' 
 ordered the general . 
 jaysynn nervously looked up . 
 `` i heard you challenge your brother while i was walking past the gymnasium . 
 i watched your duel with him . '' 
 `` but i lost ! '' 
 `` yes , but i 've never seen someone move so fast while dueling shar . '' 
 `` so what ? '' 
 the general put his hand on jaysynn 's shoulder and squeezed tightly . 
 `` i would like to train you , to refine your raw talent . '' 
 `` what talent ? 
 i 'm not a select . '' 
 `` do you think only select are capable of greatness ? '' 
 `` around here , yes . '' 
 `` wrong . 
 i am the commander of your father 's armies even though i ca n't use magic . '' 
 jaysynn 's eyes widened . 
 `` general dracon ? '' 
 a small smile appeared on the general 's face . 
 `` it took you long enough to realize who i am . '' 
 `` you ca n't ... use magic ? '' 
 `` no . 
 it 's not something your father likes to talk about . '' 
 `` then how did you become a general ? '' 
 dracon stepped back and offered an outstretched hand to jaysynn . 
 `` come with me and find out . '' 
 his eyes were full of sincerity . 
 have i really found someone like me who 's accomplished great things ? 
 thought jaysynn . 
 a grin crept up his face . 
 without hesitation , the prince grabbed the general 's hand and shook it . 
 chapter 3 : the new emperor jaysynn was frozen , staring . 
 he could not look away from the pile of burning rubble that was once the emperor 's palace -- his home . 
 this ca n't be real , he thought . 
 this is a nightmare . 
 i just need to wake up . 
 the smoke stinging his unblinking eyes burned the undeniable reality into him . 
 slowly , the swirling noise around him broke through his seemingly deaf ears . 
 he heard dracon barking orders to his men to find a working vehicle so they could transport the prince to the secure bunker . 
 the shouts of the crowd that had converged on the palace gates were strangely absent . 
 had they retreated ? 
 `` jaysynn ! '' 
 shouted dracon , grabbing the young man 's shoulder and jolting him back to reality . 
 the prince glanced over his shoulder at the general . 
 `` we must get moving ! '' 
 dracon added . 
 jaysynn nodded . 
 adrenaline propelling his burning muscles , jaysynn ran after dracon through the now open palace gates . 
 battered soldiers surrounded them . 
 the distant screams and explosions droned in his ears . 
 where once a crowd swarmed was a street with wrecked cars strewn about . 
 had the soldiers somehow driven them away ? 
 jaysynn had not heard any energy blasts from magic-powered guns . 
 only a few even carried rifles . 
 maybe the destruction of the palace terrified them ? 
 within seconds , none of that mattered . 
 `` sergeant elrik ! '' 
 called dracon , pointing at an officer . 
 `` sir ! '' 
 `` project a shield around the prince . 
 maintain it until we reach the bunker . '' 
 `` yessir ! '' 
 elrik stepped toward jaysynn while dracon dispensed orders to the rest of the troops . 
 jaysynn recognized the dark-haired officer . 
 he had once served as shar 's bodyguard , before the prince arrogantly refused any protection . 
 elrik stood in front of jaysynn and held out his hands as if he was trying to push him back , his eyes focusing intently at the prince . 
 nothing . 
 the officer 's fingers flicked and his arm muscles tensed . 
 still nothing . 
 frustration contorted his face . 
 jaysynn 's eyes widened as fear and confusion beset him . 
 elrik lowered his arms and stared at his hands . 
 `` general dracon , sir ! '' 
 `` what is it , sergeant ? '' 
 replied the general , walking up behind him . 
 `` sir , i ... ca n't do it . '' 
 `` ca n't do what ? '' 
 `` make a forcefield . '' 
 he turned to dracon . 
 `` my power ... it 's gone ! '' 
 the general clenched his fist and pounded the hood of a car next to him . 
 just then , a sputtering truck crawled up to them . 
 a soldier stuck his head out of the window to address the general . 
 `` this is the only working vehicle we could find , and its battery is about to die . '' 
 `` we only need to get to a u-train station a few miles down the street , '' said dracon . 
 `` the entrance to the bunker is in the tunnel . '' 
 he then called out the names of six soldiers , including elrik , to accompany him and jaysynn . 
 the rest were to quell the chaos in any way possible . 
 `` move ! '' 
 he ordered . 
 jaysynn , dracon , and the six soldiers -- who were all carrying guns -- clambered into the truck 's big cargo bed . 
 the rest of the soldiers scrambled . 
 `` go ! '' 
 ordered dracon . 
 the truck sputtered as it lurched forward . 
 dracon made jaysynn crouch in the center of the truck bed while the soldiers surrounded him , brandishing guns that looked like they had been haphazardly pieced back together . 
 other guns had power packs that were not lit up . 
 why are they using broken and depleted weapons ? 
 thought jaysynn . 
 the prince felt the truck wind its way around overturned cars . 
 he glanced up periodically . 
 skyscrapers still defiantly standing tall were soon on either side of them . 
 the clamor of the crowds intensified . 
 dracon and his soldiers shouted at people to get out of the way . 
 those people shouted demands for the truck . 
 the soldiers yelled threats at panicking citizens to keep them from attacking the truck . 
 the soldiers pistol-whipped the desperate ones who did not listen to their warnings . 
 curses filled the air . 
 jaysynn imagined children and wives surrounding the men who now lay on the ground with bloodied and broken noses . 
 never once did any soldier fire his weapon . 
 the crowds shouted louder . 
 the soldiers tried to yell over them . 
 the truck stopped . 
 jaysynn lifted his head to look around , but dracon pushed it down and ordered him to stay down . 
 but even from his crouched position , the prince could see that hordes of people were surrounding them . 
 `` back off or i 'll shoot ! '' 
 a babble of shouts bombarded them . 
 `` go ahead ! '' 
 `` i do n't care ! '' 
 `` just give us the truck ! '' 
 `` i 'd rather die ! '' 
 `` i know the guns do n't work ! '' 
 metal smashed against bone . 
 hands clawed at the soldiers . 
 more curses . 
 the stench of body odor . 
 the truck gasped through its exhaust pipe . 
 the driver looked back at them through the rear windshield and shouted , `` the battery 's dead ! '' 
 dracon and the soldiers shouted that news to the crowd , but not only did they not believe them , it fueled their blind rage . 
 a deafening roar surrounded the truck . 
 sweat dripped from jaysynn 's face and pooled on the truck bed . 
 he wanted to shout something at dracon , but he could n't hear his own thoughts . 
 he heard rocks hiss by his ears . 
 they pelted the truck . 
 the soldiers groaned in pain . 
 elthor , do n't let me die ! 
 suddenly , a shadow was cast over them . 
 silence . 
 a loud creak . 
 they looked up -- the 50-story skyscraper to their right was leaning over them . 
 was something leaning against it ? 
 the creaking was replaced by a loud crash . 
 the building snapped ten storeys up . 
 it smashed against the skyscraper across from it like a giant domino . 
 panic . 
 thyrian citizens fled . 
 `` run ! '' 
 shouted dracon . 
 everyone abandoned the truck and dove into the rushing river of frenzied people . 
 glass shards fell like rain . 
 furniture crashed like meteorites . 
 bodies -- living bodies -- flailed and screamed in mid-air . 
 jaysynn had no room to bob and weave . 
 he could only run forward . 
 if he stopped or tripped , he would be trampled . 
 as the hailing debris fell , jaysynn shielded himself with his arms , but the glass cut through his shirt , piercing his skin , and broken mortar and metal pelted him . 
 blood soaked his clothes . 
 bruises formed across his body . 
 larger debris thundered as it impacted around him . 
 people vanished under it . 
 glass crunched under his shoes . 
 he jumped over bodies . 
 the shadow 's edge was ahead , but it seemed to be miles away . 
 jaysynn could not let himself feel pain or pity . 
 both would halt him . 
 both would kill him . 
 he kept running . 
 running . 
 running . 
 praying . 
 running . 
 sunlight suddenly beat down on jaysynn 's bruised face . 
 he was out from under the building ! 
 but he could n't stop . 
 not now . 
 ten strides later , thunder roared behind him . 
 a wave of black dust hit the back of his body . 
 jaysynn staggered , nearly stumbling over the debris . 
 some people around him fell . 
 they screamed as they were trampled . 
 the sooty air choked him . 
 grit caked the inside of his mouth and clouded his eyes . 
 he blinked ; he rubbed his eyes . 
 blindness equaled death . 
 clearing the grit , he caught a glimpse of a staircase to his right that descended to a u-train station . 
 jaysynn veered sideways , pushing people out of his way and crossing two traffic lanes . 
 some shoved him back . 
 he slowed to let them pass and kept veering . 
 nobody else was running toward it . 
 why ? 
 where are dracon and the soldiers ? 
 the questions would have to wait . 
 finally , he veered onto the sidewalk and haphazardly dashed down the stairs , fighting to keep his balance . 
 darkness filled the station at the bottom of the stairs , but jaysynn would not stop . 
 he stumbled into the shadows on wobbly legs . 
 exhausted , his legs buckled and he fell to his hands and knees like a peasant bowing before his emperor . 
 his muscles burned , his heart thundered in his ears , his clothes were soaked with sweat and blood , his lungs sucked in stale air . 
 the bruises were fully formed now ; he felt them . 
 he opened his eyes , and they were stung by perspiration . 
 `` i have fallen into barathrum , '' said jaysynn . 
 `` i 've not found mastema . 
 you 're not dead yet , '' replied a familiar voice . 
 jaysynn looked up . 
 on the edge of the light stood dracon and elrik , both bloodied and bruised , their uniforms ripped and tattered . 
 the general hurried to jaysynn and knelt over him . 
 `` can you stand ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i think so . '' 
 jaysynn forced himself to stand in spite of everything . 
 `` we ca n't waste time , '' said dracon . 
 `` the panicking hordes may find their way down here , and we have no firearms to defend ourselves . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` they were destroyed in the cataclysm , '' interjected elrik . 
 `` but how ? '' 
 `` your questions will wait , '' snapped dracon . 
 jaysynn had flashbacks to when his mother , empress zebel , chided him as a child . 
 `` right now our most pressing concern is illuminating our path to the bunker , '' continued the general . 
 `` the electricity is out in the entire city . '' 
 the men paused to think . 
 screams reverberated from the streets above . 
 jaysynn was the first to speak : `` do either of you have a lighter ? '' 
 `` i have two , '' replied elrik , producing one from his pocket . 
 he flipped it open and flicked it on , illuminating his battered face . 
 `` what do you have that for ? '' 
 asked dracon . 
 elrik closed the lighter , saying , `` i ... still have n't quit smoking . '' 
 `` that 's beside the point . 
 if we can find a stick or a rod , we can make a torch using our clothes , '' said jaysynn . 
 dracon smiled and nodded at jaysynn . 
 `` however , our clothes are soaked with fluids . 
 we ca n't be sure the torch will burn . 
 we will use the lighter , but gather materials for a torch , just in case we need it . '' 
 the three men scrambled . 
 jaysynn dared to venture close to the bottom of the staircase . 
 he glanced at the thin handrail lining the stairs . 
 he grabbed a piece of nearby mortar and struck the handrail with it . 
 the clank echoed through the station . 
 he struck it again and again , the mortar digging into his palm , and bent the rail . 
 dracon ordered jaysynn to stop making noise lest he attract unwanted attention . 
 finally , the prince broke the handrail . 
 with a few torques , he severed a one-foot section from it . 
 `` i got it ! '' 
 called jaysynn , running toward the soldiers with the rod in hand . 
 elrik flicked the lighter on , illuminating the dark tunnel . 
 `` i hope that 'll last us long enough , '' said jaysynn . 
 `` the bunker should only be a mile down that tunnel , '' said dracon . 
 `` but we must hurry before we 're followed . 
 we must get you to safety . '' 
 with that , the three men jumped onto the u-train rails and dashed down the tunnel . 
 no one spoke . 
 the tunnel was eerily quiet , like a tomb . 
 darkness filled it , broken only by the dying flame of the lighter . 
 jaysynn reminded himself that no u-train would come speeding down the rails with the power out . 
 the lights in the tunnel did not even flicker . 
 sometimes the silence was broken by the low rumbles of stampeding crowds , collapsing buildings , and exploding cars on the streets above them . 
 jaysynn feared that eventually the ceiling would buckle and rain bodies and debris on them in a hypothetical cloudburst . 
 suddenly , their light source died . 
 jaysynn heard elrik flick the lighter to no avail , cursing in frustration . 
 `` it 's almost out of fuel , '' the soldier said . 
 `` we 'll need the other lighter for later , '' said dracon . 
 he sighed . 
 `` make the torch . '' 
 jaysynn handed the rod to dracon and then pulled off his hoodie . 
 underneath was a white tank top stained red , which the prince quickly peeled from his still bleeding body . 
 he wrung it out , bodily fluids dripping onto the floor , tore it into several strands , and wrapped the driest one around the end of the rail . 
 elrik cracked open the second lighter and poured a little of the fluid on the shirt , and then he flicked his lighter open and lit the wad of clothing . 
 it took a few seconds , but their makeshift torch burned brightly . 
 they pressed on , always fearing the torch would fizzle out . 
 finally , dracon stopped . 
 he motioned for elrik and jaysynn to follow him . 
 elrik held the last flickers of the torch above their heads as dracon examined the wall , slowly running his hand across it , searching . 
 his hand stopped and pressed a button disguised as a brick . 
 a metallic grinding announced that a door was unlatched and a small gap appeared in the wall . 
 dracon pulled the hidden door open and gestured for jaysynn and elrik to go in . 
 they entered . 
 dracon closed the door behind them and it latched shut . 
 the general told elrik to shine the torch on the wall , which he did , revealing a light switch . 
 dracon flipped it . 
 no light . 
 he flipped it repeatedly for a few seconds . 
 still nothing . 
 `` whatever happened even knocked out the bunker 's generator , '' dracon said , albeit to no one in particular . 
 `` it seems like anything that runs on magic is just , well , dead , '' added jaysynn . 
 dracon sighed heavily . 
 `` i 've noticed that , too . '' 
 `` how are we supposed to hide down here if we ca n't even turn on a light ? '' 
 there was a brief pause until elrik looked at dracon and said , `` sir , i might be able to help . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` i 've heard about a man who lives among the urchins down here who makes devices that do n't run on magic . 
 those same urchins also use glow sticks and light rods to get around in the dark . '' 
 jaysynn 's eyes narrowed . 
 i thought i was the only one who knew about the tinkerer . 
 `` would they be willing to share any of that with us ? '' 
 asked dracon . 
 `` sir , i 'm not sure they 'll be there with all the chaos erupting on the surface . 
 but if they 're not there , maybe i can scavenge a few things for us . '' 
 `` go ! '' 
 ordered dracon , pointing toward the door . 
 `` and take the torch with you . 
 if it burns out , use your other lighter . '' 
 `` sir , that will leave you alone in the dark . '' 
 `` we 'll manage . '' 
 `` yessir ! '' 
 with that , elrik dashed to the door , opened it , ran out , and latched it shut . 
 for several long seconds , jaysynn and dracon stood in silence and darkness . 
 the dark was absolute -- jaysynn could not even see his hand in front of his face . 
 the silence was broken by jaysynn 's sigh . 
 `` so , tell me , general ... what happened up there ? '' 
 jaysynn reflexively pointed up , forgetting his gesture could not be seen . 
 more silence . 
 was dracon hesitating to answer ? 
 jaysynn was about to repeat his question when the general answered : `` even i am not sure , my prince . 
 i was driving down imperial avenue to meet with emperor thorynn at the palace to discuss his latest campaigns on the outskirts of the continent when i heard a loud explosion . 
 i caught a glimpse of a mushroom cloud in the corner of my eye . 
 it seemed to be rising from the same area as the great well . 
 then i was struck with a shockwave made of white energy . '' 
 `` i remember the shockwave . 
 it ... knocked me out for a few minutes . '' 
 `` where were you when this happened ? 
 you were n't at the palace . '' 
 jaysynn hesitated to answer . 
 his mouth was dry but not from all his running . 
 `` i ... went out into the city . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 dracon asked with a slight hint of annoyance . 
 `` to ... clear my head . '' 
 `` without an armed escort ? '' 
 `` ... yes ... '' dracon harrumphed . 
 `` it 's a good thing i trained you well . '' 
 `` yes . 
 so , do you think the shockwave came from the great well ? '' 
 a slight pause . 
 `` it seems that way . 
 but i ca n't think of anything that could cause such a catastrophic explosion . 
 but that 's not what 's important now . 
 the chaos in the streets must be quelled before panicking rioters tear the city apart . '' 
 `` what do you suggest ? '' 
 `` declare martial law . 
 the people must be subdued , but with the military in shambles and the people in the grip of fear , force will be necessary . '' 
 `` but such a thing has n't happened since ... '' `` since the kyzer family seized the throne three hundred years ago . '' 
 jaysynn hung his head . 
 he was thankful dracon could not see him . 
 `` do what you must . '' 
 another pause . 
 `` what worries me is elrik was unable to project a forcefield '' -- he hesitated to continue -- `` just like my father seemed unable to use his magic . '' 
 tears stung jaysynn 's eyes . 
 why did he mourn the death of a father who hardly acknowledged his existence ? 
 `` it appears this disaster has affected the select . '' 
 jaysynn wiped his eyes , again thankful it was dark . 
 `` do you think it 's permanent ? '' 
 `` there 's no way to know . '' 
 silence fell again . 
 for how long , jaysynn did not know . 
 then they heard the door unlatch . 
 jaysynn reflexively snapped to a combative pose . 
 in walked elrik carrying a light rod but no torch . 
 `` sir , i was able to find some light rods , a lamp , and a few portable stove cans at an abandoned compound in a tunnel a half-mile away . '' 
 the soldier placed the lamp on the table and turned its switch . 
 it flickered to life , its flame illuminating the granite surface of the table in front of them . 
 `` good work , sergeant elrik , '' said jaysynn . 
 `` thank you , my prince , '' replied the soldier , bowing slightly . 
 `` must i remind you , elrik , that jaysynn is not your prince . '' 
 jaysynn shot a befuddled look at the general . 
 dracon turned to jaysynn , their eyes locking , but his words seemed directed at the soldier : `` he is now your emperor . '' 
 jaysynn 's confusion was destroyed by shock . 
 he was petrified . 
 his heartbeats rang in his ears . 
 in all the chaos , he had forgotten the most critical thing . 
 i am the last of the kyzer royal family ... chapter 4 : tracing six years ago ... jaysynn stepped onto the outskirts of the military training grounds and surveyed it . 
 standing in the middle of the dusty grounds , which were the size of a sports field , amidst the mud pits and strangely shaped obstacles , was dracon . 
 jaysynn , walking toward him , was puzzled at seeing the general had no equipment with him : no wooden swords , no boxing gear , no grappling hooks . 
 during their previous lessons a few days ago , dracon had simply told jaysynn to meet him there after the recruits had turned in for the day . 
 so , here they were standing in the thyrian military 's proving grounds in the cool of the early evening . 
 here the ground was drenched with the blood , sweat , and tears of thyrion 's soldiers , and -- jaysynn assumed -- his would soon drench it , too . 
 the air nipped at jaysynn , who wore a white shirt and athletic pants . 
 it even cut through the tops of his athletic shoes . 
 meanwhile , the general looked comfortable in his black field uniform . 
 `` why are we here ? '' 
 jaysynn asked dracon once he reached him . 
 `` training , '' the general replied dryly . 
 `` or did you forget what this place is ? '' 
 `` no , sir , '' retorted jaysynn , smiling . 
 `` but i do n't get why you want me to run an obstacle course . '' 
 `` i do n't . 
 i want you to learn something far more important . '' 
 `` and what 's that ? '' 
 `` tracing . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` come with me , '' said dracon , motioning jaysynn to follow . 
 the general led the prince over to a pair of ten-foot wooden pillars that held up a chain-link fence interwoven with barbed wire . 
 the frayed tip of a severed rope dangled out of reach from the center of the cross beam that connected the pillars . 
 `` climb over this fence , '' said dracon . 
 jaysynn 's eyes widened . 
 `` without the rope , i ca n't get a handhold without getting my hands sliced open . '' 
 `` even after a year of my training , you still only see obstacles . '' 
 jaysynn huffed . 
 `` what am i supposed to see ? '' 
 `` opportunity . '' 
 `` how 's that ? 
 and what does it have to do with ... ` tracing ? '' ' 
 the general smiled slightly , as if to say , `` i 'm glad you asked . '' 
 his face became not that of a drill instructor or even a teacher , but that of a sage . 
 `` tracing is a discipline taught to all thyrian soldiers . 
 it teaches them that any and all obstacles can be surmounted no matter how large or daunting . 
 nothing can block their path and keep them from their goals . 
 and all of this is done with only their bodies and is limited only by their wits and creativity . '' 
 `` so , it 's like the martial arts you 've been teaching me . '' 
 `` somewhat , but it is n't about combat . 
 it 's about critical thinking and self-improvement through physical discipline . '' 
 jaysynn nodded , silently absorbing everything his mentor just said . 
 `` let 's begin , '' said dracon . 
 for the next thirty minutes , the general had jaysynn do balance , strength , and endurance exercises : handstands , chin-ups , squats , running , and several others . 
 all of this jaysynn had done many times before with increasing ease . 
 but the prince knew this was only a prelude to the real training , and he had a feeling it would be the most difficult he had had to date . 
 finally , his shirt darkened with sweat and his muscles flaring , jaysynn stood awaiting instruction from the general . 
 dracon pointed up to the top of a twelve-foot wooden `` tower '' that looked like it was a bunch of beams of varying lengths stacked vertically and glued together . 
 `` you 're going to climb to the top of that . '' 
 `` what for ? '' 
 asked jaysynn . 
 he was grateful he and the general had developed a more casual rapport than the general had with his subordinates in the military . 
 being one of thyrion 's princes certainly helped . 
 however , the general still did not let him slack off in training . 
 `` to learn the first important element of tracing : tumbling . '' 
 jaysynn loosened his shoulders and listened intently . 
 `` a large part of tracing is knowing how to take a fall , '' dracon continued . 
 `` tracers can jump from ledge to ledge or fall from great heights with little or no injury by tumbling as they land . '' 
 the general stepped back . 
 `` as you land , immediately curl your body into an almost ball-like shape and roll along the ground . '' 
 he jogged a few steps , tuck-and-rolled , and rose to his feet right in front of a startled jaysynn . 
 `` this will spread out the momentum from your fall , thereby minimizing the impact . '' 
 jaysynn sighed . 
 `` all right , here goes nothing . '' 
 the prince stepped onto the shortest post and ascended . 
 dracon told him to stop when he was six feet up . 
 from there , jaysynn took his first jump . 
 he landed and rolled as instructed . 
 not even a scratch . 
 `` good , '' said the general . 
 `` now go higher . '' 
 for the next two hours , dracon drilled jaysynn . 
 the prince slowly ascended the tower until he was jumping from its twelve-foot peak . 
 he earned his stripes -- literally -- by jumping six or seven times from the top . 
 the landings were more difficult . 
 he walked away with bruises , but he was shocked to see he had no broken bones . 
 after that , dracon showed him how to vault , climb , and jump over each of the different obstacles in the `` easy route '' course . 
 this climaxed with jaysynn running the course . 
 sweaty , bruised , and exhausted , he finished the course as dracon watched with a stopwatch in hand . 
 he told jaysynn that while it was not a record time , he would have been recruited to the thyrian army on the spot . 
 as the sun fell behind the horizon , dracon allowed jaysynn to plop onto the dusty ground . 
 the prince guzzled down water from a canteen , emptying it for the second time that day . 
 half of its contents he poured over his face , mingling it with his sweat . 
 his hair was as muddy as the ground under him . 
 dracon , a little sweaty himself , stood over the prince with his hands clasped behind his back . 
 jaysynn glanced up , his eyes meeting the general 's . 
 dracon was smiling in approval . 
 `` you would make a fine soldier , '' said the general . 
 `` i do n't want to be a soldier , '' he replied between pants . 
 `` although father would probably let me enlist just so he did n't have to have a non-select prince in the palace . 
 he may not even care if i died in battle . 
 what 's the point of all this ? '' 
 dracon 's smile transformed into a scowl . 
 `` stand up ! '' 
 jolted , jaysynn 's looked up up wide eyes . 
 but before he could say anything , dracon repeated his order : `` stand up ! 
 do not lie in the mud like a pig and wallow in self-pity ! '' 
 jaysynn snapped to attention , dropping his canteen , and stood ramrod straight with his arms at his sides . 
 dracon sighed . 
 `` relax . 
 you are n't a soldier , so there 's no need to act like one . '' 
 jaysynn hesitated to move , wondering if this was another test , but after a second or two , he took a deep breath and ran his fingers through his moist hair . 
 just then , he felt the general 's strong hand squeeze his shoulder . 
 the prince lowered his arm and looked into the face of his mentor . 
 he saw only pride in his expression . 
 `` there 's no need for embarrassment . 
 your father , despite his great power , is blind to who you are and what you are capable of . '' 
 `` it does n't matter because i 'm not a select . '' 
 `` it does matter , '' replied dracon , releasing the prince 's shoulder . 
 `` you 're a prince . 
 but more importantly , you 're a thyrian . 
 you are a descendent of thyr and yeva , the first man and woman created by elthor , who were formed from the magic within the great well , the heart of thyrion . 
 their city -- your city -- was the first city , the cradle of civilization . 
 elthor commanded them to rule all they saw , and so the thyrian empire was born . 
 were you never taught that you were destined to rule ? '' 
 `` shar is getting the throne , not me . '' 
 `` no , '' said dracon , pointing authoritatively at jaysynn , `` it is the birthright of all thyrians to rule and to be great . 
 that is why we are equal with the select -- we share a common heritage . 
 it matters not if we were given magic gifts or common ones . 
 look at me . 
 i am not a select , yet i rose through the ranks and became the supreme general of thyrion 's army . 
 i am surpassed in rank only by ... the royal family . '' 
 dracon paused . 
 as that fact sunk in , jaysynn hung his head and his shoulders slumped . 
 the general then grabbed and squeezed both of jaysynn 's shoulders . 
 the prince could not bear to look dracon in the face , which went against everything he had been taught . 
 `` never let anyone strip you of your pride . 
 that 's what all my training has been about . 
 it was to restore your birthright , not as a prince but as a thyrian . 
 one day you will put your family 's doubts to shame . '' 
 a smile finally cracked on jaysynn 's face . 
 he raised his head and said , `` thank you for believing in me . '' 
 dracon nodded in reply , unhanding the prince . 
 jaysynn bent down to pick up his canteen in preparation to leave , but as he straightened , dracon gestured for him to stay . 
 `` every army recruit is given a gift when he graduates . '' 
 the general reached into his jacket and produced a combat knife in a brown leather sheath emblazoned with a golden thyrian royal crest . 
 `` let it be a reminder of your birthright , '' he said , handing it hilt-first to jaysynn . 
 the prince took the knife and unsheathed it . 
 gripping its black hilt , he admired its fierce but simple six-inch blade , which seemed to glimmer despite being gray . 
 such knives were handcrafted by select who could focus energy into a laser beam , so they were the sharpest blades in the world . 
 it was a craft that had existed for a thousand years . 
 `` thank you , '' said jaysynn , sheathing the knife and strapping it to his waistband . 
 dracon nodded . 
 `` we 'll meet me here again tomorrow . 
 i 'll make a tracer out of you yet . '' 
 jaysynn snickered . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 the general smiled as they walked away . 
 chapter 5 : state secrets `` it 's been a week . 
 i have a right to inspect the city i rule , even if it 's been reduced to ash . 
 but more importantly , the people need to see their emperor . 
 it could give them desperately needed hope . '' 
 with these words , the now emperor jaysynn convinced gen. dracon that morning to let him leave the emergency bunker . 
 the general had been adamant about not letting him set foot outside . 
 he said the chaos had to be quelled , the citizens pacified . 
 thyrians were a proud people , but in the great cataclysm , as they were calling it , panic destroyed dignity . 
 dracon feared dissidents might try to kill jaysynn because they somehow blamed him for what happened or for perceived inaction . 
 worse yet , an assassin from an enemy city like remirion might seize this opportunity to infiltrate thyrion and murder jaysynn amid the chaos . 
 despite his supreme authority , jaysynn deferred to dracon 's wisdom and experience on the matter -- most of the time . 
 now , however , he was on the surface . 
 dressed in a scavenged black silk suit and tie , jaysynn emerged from the u-train station entrance accompanied by dracon , who wore a field uniform . 
 they met a squad of thyrian soldiers with dirty and tattered fatigues . 
 the squad circled around jaysynn and dracon to form a protective barrier . 
 some carried firearms , but jaysynn knew now that they were only decoys for the few potential attackers who may not know guns did not work . 
 none of the magic-powered weapons had worked since the cataclysm . 
 the only weapons those soldiers carried were their fierce expressions . 
 however , some citizens were still intimidated because they feared the magic would return at any moment , powering the guns . 
 most of the soldiers , including dracon , brandished their ceremonial sabers . 
 jaysynn swore a few of the swords were peppered with flakes of dry blood . 
 he was glad he had slipped his knife into his pocket . 
 this was doubly important since they were without the emperor 's limousine , which could repel magic weaponry . 
 the city block was empty . 
 not a soul could be seen in the ravaged buildings or up and down the street . 
 gray dust covered everything in sight like snow , complete with hundreds of footprints , making it look like an early and dreary winter had struck thyrion . 
 undoubtedly , this was dust from the skyscrapers whose collapse jaysynn had barely escaped . 
 glass shards , derelict cars , broken bricks , and other debris littered the street under the coat of dust . 
 the air smelled musty , like an old house , and tasted like chalk dust . 
 jaysynn rubbed the fine grit from his eyes . 
 silence enveloped everything . 
 it took every reserve of strength in jaysynn not to weep . 
 his eyes were already hot and moist under the dust caking on them . 
 `` where to , my emperor ? '' 
 asked dracon . 
 `` i want to see the heart of thyrion , '' replied jaysynn . 
 `` my emperor , the great well is gone . '' 
 `` then take me to what 's left of it . '' 
 the general 's jaw tightened . 
 `` i believe the emperor 's time would be better suited elsewhere , perhaps giving a speech at kyzer square . '' 
 `` that can wait . 
 you said you saw an explosion come from our magic well . 
 it must be the epicenter of this disaster . 
 i have to see what 's become of it . '' 
 dracon huffed . 
 `` it shall be done , my emperor . '' 
 he relayed the orders to the soldiers , and without breaking the protective circle , they marched down the street . 
 the city jaysynn knew well had become an unrecognizable ghost . 
 he could not identify any of the streets they walked . 
 many were blockaded by collapsed buildings , requiring them to take detours . 
 thankfully , the soldiers had familiarized themselves with this urban maze . 
 the snowy dust never quite disappeared . 
 many skyscrapers -- the pillars of thyrion 's prestige -- had collapsed , blanketing everything in their wake . 
 jaysynn recognized what were once his city 's famous shops , restaurants , plazas , and temples -- many of which he had visited -- all reduced to rubble , abandoned . 
 the city 's color was gone , drained . 
 the stench of death saturated the air , forcing jaysynn to cover his nose at times to prevent himself from retching . 
 how many bodies still remained buried under all the rubble ? 
 more people appeared as they went . 
 most wore ragged clothes and even more ragged expressions . 
 many hid inside the barely standing buildings . 
 some scavenged trashcans and dumpsters for food . 
 their stench mingled with the smell of death . 
 all of them , if they did not look away , stared at jaysynn and his entourage , either in contempt or pleading . 
 their hollow eyes bored into jaysynn , haunted him . 
 he had to look away . 
 i never should 've declared martial law , thought jaysynn . 
 the people mistrust me . 
 we ca n't afford that now . 
 i have to renege it ... soon . 
 `` the watchman will save us ! '' 
 jaysynn heard one of the people say . 
 `` but nobody 's seen him since the disaster . 
 he 's probably dead , '' said another man . 
 `` no ! 
 i saw him running through the city right after the explosion . 
 he 's alive . 
 i know it ! 
 he would n't abandon us , '' said a woman . 
 dracon shook his head , scowling . 
 `` my proud countrymen have been reduced to believing an urban legend will save them . 
 if this ` watchman ' exists , he has used their desperation to poison their souls . '' 
 he clenched his fist . 
 if you only knew ... thought jaysynn , but his mind quickly turned to something else . 
 i hope kyrie is okay . 
 i have n't heard from her since before the cataclysm . 
 is she alive ? 
 is she still in the city ? 
 what about her family ? 
 jaysynn was lifted from his thoughts by dracon 's continuing denunciations of the watchman `` legends , '' so he decided to change the subject . 
 `` why are n't the select helping the people ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` my emperor , the select ... have all lost their powers , '' replied dracon . 
 jaysynn 's jaw dropped . 
 `` is it true ? 
 are they powerless ? '' 
 `` i had expected they would have regained their abilities by now , but their powers seem to have vanished with the magic itself . '' 
 jaysynn shook his head , worrying . 
 `` it 's times like this when we need them most . '' 
 the general 's voice was full of indignation . 
 `` we are thyrians . 
 we are a great people with or without magic powers . '' 
 his tone softened . 
 `` perhaps it 's better this way . 
 now we are all truly equals . '' 
 `` i hated them for their arrogance as much as anyone , but how can we rebuild without their abilities ? '' 
 `` have you forgotten everything i taught you ? '' 
 asked dracon in an agitated tone . 
 `` you do n't need magic abilities to be great and powerful . 
 weakness is the only disgrace . '' 
 jaysynn was silent . 
 he knew his mentor was right . 
 was n't he ? 
 hours passed . 
 jaysynn grew so used to the destruction he saw , he hardly noticed it anymore unless the damage was exceptional or he and his entourage were forced to climb over piles of debris . 
 where once stood buildings -- whether old or new , pristine or dilapidated -- housing someone 's home or business , were now mountains of broken dreams . 
 the emperor took care to step lightly out of respect , especially since these hills were many thyrians ' graves . 
 finally , jaysynn and his escorts came to a pile of debris that seemed as tall as a skyscraper and as long as a mountain range . 
 this was where several of thyrion 's taller buildings had crumbled upon each other . 
 they were nearing the heart of thyrion now . 
 they scaled the debris for what seemed like forever , carefully avoiding disturbing the unstable tangle of the structure . 
 though it appeared firm , one wrong move could collapse it like a house of cards . 
 several soldiers had already been injured climbing it in the days since the cataclysm , jaysynn was told . 
 they neared the peak . 
 silence fell . 
 even the wind died down . 
 fear pricked jaysynn 's heart . 
 the soldiers in front of the emperor descended down the other side of the hill . 
 jaysynn froze , staring . 
 a mere few hundred yards from this mountain of debris was a ten-mile-wide crater . 
 it was an empty , seemingly perfect circle that was a charred black in color . 
 this was where the heart of thyrion was supposed to be . 
 although jalseion 's well was the deepest , theirs was the largest well of magic in the world . 
 it was the life-blood of the city , the source of its immense power . 
 jaysynn had grown up hearing the priests of the temple of thyrion say that elthor had formed the first two human beings within the percolating magic in that well . 
 it was literally the wellspring of life . 
 now the heart of thyrion had been ripped out , leaving the city as a shriveled corpse . 
 jaysynn wept . 
 after a few seconds , jaysynn covered his eyes with his hand and wiped away the tears . 
 i must appear calm for the soldiers . 
 thyrion 's warriors need a morale boost . 
 composed , he began his descent , accompanied by the general and the soldiers . 
 reaching the ground sometime later , they marched toward the crater 's edge . 
 jaysynn 's feet felt heavier with each step , as if the land mystically repulsed him . 
 it was more difficult than ever to keep pace with the soldiers . 
 dracon noticed this and leaned over to whisper to jaysynn : `` you 've come too far to stop now . '' 
 jaysynn , still walking , clenched his fists and took a deep breath . 
 they stopped ten feet from the crater 's edge . 
 jaysynn ordered the soldiers before him to part so he could see it . 
 they obeyed . 
 the emperor stepped forward , inching toward the precipice , and gazed in . 
 emptiness . 
 black , barren emptiness . 
 jaysynn sealed his stinging eyes and swallowed his cries . 
 he felt the strong hand of dracon on his shoulder . 
 `` what could have done this ? '' 
 jaysynn asked . 
 the general 's reply was quick . 
 `` not ` what ' -- ` who . '' ' 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 `` this was n't natural . 
 undoubtedly it was an attack from remirion in retaliation for their losses during our last war a year ago . '' 
 `` they do n't have weapons technology this powerful . '' 
 `` but jalseion does . '' 
 jaysynn turned to dracon , shocked . 
 `` jalseion 's scientists may be pretentious and greedy , but i ca n't believe they would make a weapon that could do this . '' 
 `` you underestimate remirion 's resources and arrogance . '' 
 jaysynn sighed , his gaze falling . 
 `` you 're sure about this ? '' 
 `` it 's the only logical explanation . '' 
 `` then what should i ... we do ? '' 
 dracon looked at him with the grim expression of a warrior . 
 it was a face jaysynn only saw on his mentor just before going to war . 
 `` prepare for an invasion . 
 our enemies will not hesitate to strike the killing blow . '' 
 `` why have n't they done it already ? '' 
 `` perhaps they wish to watch us suffer before destroying us . '' 
 `` that does n't seem like them . '' 
 annoyance was detectable in dracon 's voice . 
 `` you never fought wars against them . 
 i assure you they are fierce fighters . '' 
 `` but that does n't make them sadists . '' 
 `` regardless , thyrion is vulnerable . 
 we must protect ourselves . '' 
 jaysynn hung his head . 
 `` you know what must be done , '' said dracon gravely . 
 the emperor glanced at the general . 
 `` a truce would be preferable to war in our wounded state . '' 
 dracon scowled . 
 `` ` thyrion does not negotiate with its enemies . '' ' 
 jaysynn harrumphed quietly . 
 i hate that mantra . 
 jaysynn sighed again . 
 `` do it . '' 
 the general announced the emperor 's decree to the soldiers , ordering them to spread the word that they were to prepare for war . 
 he began giving orders that he wanted relayed to thyrion 's armies . 
 jaysynn buried his face in his hands . 
 i need to clear my head . 
 he meandered toward the gaping mouth of the crater . 
 dracon called , `` my emperor , do not wander off without an escort ! '' 
 jaysynn replied not as the emperor , but as an adventurous young man . 
 `` i doubt there are any assassins around here , general . 
 and you know i can handle myself . '' 
 dracon huffed . 
 `` ten minutes . '' 
 jaysynn nodded in reply . 
 he quickened his pace to a jog and quickly wished he was wearing more comfortable clothes . 
 the shoes , while light , felt restrictive . 
 the shirt and pants limited his movement . 
 the coat weighed him down . 
 he tired out faster than normal -- he had been hiding in the bunker too long . 
 so , he slowed down . 
 walking will have to do . 
 but i miss running . 
 it was so ... freeing . 
 he stopped and inched toward the edge , gazing at the crater that seemed to stretch to the horizon . 
 this gaping wound ... would it be fatal to his homeland ? 
 had he ascended to the throne only to watch his city die ? 
 was this how he would be remembered ? 
 what good can i do now ? 
 he thought . 
 this is beyond me . 
 millions dead . 
 thousands fleeing the city . 
 our enemies waiting to strike . 
 he hung his head . 
 i just ca n't -- suddenly , the brittle ground crumbled beneath him . 
 within a second , he slipped into the black crater . 
 sliding down the slanted cliff face , he twisted around and clawed for a handhold , finding none in the wall . 
 sharp debris and protrusions cut his clothes and skin , adding fresh wounds to his healing cuts . 
 i wo n't die ! 
 not like this ! 
 his hand grabbed a wiry metal rod -- the remains of a building 's foundation -- and he halted his fall . 
 for several seconds , jaysynn was motionless , his eyes shut and his lungs gulping air . 
 he felt several wounds across his body begin to bleed , soaking his suit . 
 slowly , he opened his eyes and looked up . 
 he 'd slid at least ten feet down . 
 he could call for help , but would anyone hear him ? 
 regardless , he should still try to climb out . 
 there was no telling how long the soldiers would take to find him . 
 he surveyed the wall above him . 
 there were other protrusions from the destroyed foundation . 
 if he was careful ... jaysynn stretched his hand up and grabbed a slab of concrete , pulling himself up a few inches , his feet finding new footholds . 
 it was his first step . 
 for several long minutes , he inched his way back up . 
 sweat soaked his suit and stung his eyes , blurring his vision . 
 he had to blink to clear his eyes and find his next handhold . 
 sweat also dampened his hands , so he could not grip handholds as easily . 
 his mind was focused on finding his next step , so he climbed in silence , never looking higher than a foot or two . 
 he could n't risk throwing off his balance with such unreliable holds . 
 could he handle another fall ? 
 just then , he heard footfalls above him . 
 he dared to look up . 
 the ledge was just a few feet up -- and two thyrian army officers stood near it . 
 adrenaline-laced excitement surged through jaysynn . 
 he sucked in a breath , his cry for help just behind his lips , when the soldiers ' words silenced him . 
 `` our scouts keep reporting that the cataclysm has devastated every city on the continent , '' one said . 
 what ? 
 thought jaysynn . 
 `` so they 're no better off than we are ? '' 
 asked the second officer . 
 `` we were hit the hardest because we were the epicenter , but our devious neighbors have all lost power and their wells are dry , just like us . '' 
 `` what about their select ? '' 
 `` the scouts are n't sure , but initial reports say they 've lost their powers , too . '' 
 `` no wonder they have n't invaded . '' 
 `` we could 've avoided this disaster if the whispers had captured that engineer girl from jalseion and brought her here in time . '' 
 `` who knows ? 
 at least we got her arm and leg . '' 
 `` those are n't worth the lives we lost getting them . '' 
 they kept talking , but their voices faded into the distance , barely becoming mumbles . 
 jaysynn was glad . 
 he did not want to announce his presence and risk arousing those officers ' suspicions , even if he was in trouble . 
 his sweaty fingers were cramping . 
 he had been holding on too long , listening . 
 he had to hurry . 
 it took jaysynn several exhausting , tense moments , but he reached the ledge and pulled himself out of the crater . 
 he crawled several feet from the edge , rolled over , and collapsed on the gravelly ground . 
 dirt caked on his wet face . 
 his muscles screamed in agony . 
 but it was his mind that was reeling . 
 i smell a conspiracy . 
 chapter 6 : a hero among fools three years ago ... the emperor 's table was full . 
 jaysynn was surprised he himself was even there , sitting in his traditional seat : the fourth one down from the head of the table on the `` princes ' side . '' 
 at the head of the table were his parents , emperor thorynn and empress zebel . 
 his father , ever the traditionalist , wore black royal robes , his purple cape , and the jewel-encrusted crown bearing the `` lightning fist '' insignia of thyrion . 
 his mother was dressed similarly , minus the cape , but it was her face that struck jaysynn . 
 her expression was cold . 
 while the emperor 's eyes flared with power , hers were icy sapphires . 
 her skin looked like a frozen lake . 
 mist emitted from her nostrils with every breath and from her mouth whenever she spoke , which was not often , but when she did , her voice was the whisper of a wintry wind . 
 a youth defying her years seemed to have been frozen on her body . 
 jaysynn and his brothers all wore their finest tailored suits . 
 across from them were his sisters , each of whom wore the dresses that had made them the envy of every woman in the kingdom . 
 they had but to look outside to be blinded by the reporters ' flashing cameras . 
 filling the remaining chairs on both the princes ' and princesses ' sides were several thyrian military officers jaysynn did not recognize . 
 at the opposite head of the table , however , were seated gen. dracon and high priest pelag , the head of the temple of thyrion . 
 the general wore his dress uniform while the gray-haired high priest was clad in his finest white robe . 
 this is no ordinary meeting , thought jaysynn . 
 it has to be important if all of us have to be here , even me . 
 thorynn stood , stretching to his full height . 
 dracon and pelag then stood and , with heads bowed , saluted the emperor by pressing their right arms on their chests and then extending their clenched fists to him . 
 with that , the soldier and priest sat back down . 
 `` i will forego trivialities and tell you why we are meeting , '' thorynn said in a voice like distant thunder . 
 `` i am going to re-conquer remirion . '' 
 everyone -- even the empress -- looked surprised . 
 remirion ? 
 thought jaysynn . 
 it was a name he had not heard since he was boy . 
 unfortunately , he voiced his next thought . 
 `` do n't they call themselves ` falcon point ' now ? '' 
 a growl rumbled from thorynn 's throat . 
 `` do not use its rebel name , '' he said , pointing at jaysynn . 
 `` its name is , and always shall be , remirion , the name given it by my ancestors . '' 
 jaysynn hung his head to avoid the shaming glares everyone at the table was throwing at him . 
 dracon was the next one to speak up . 
 `` my emperor , this would be our third campaign to bring that city back under the thyrian flag . 
 the last one was years ago . 
 thousands of thyrian soldiers died in that long , fruitless war . '' 
 `` we are wiser and stronger now , '' said the emperor , raising a clenched fist . 
 `` remirion will learn that it is always under thyrion 's rule . '' 
 `` my emperor , i fought in that war , '' said dracon . 
 `` the remirians have a highly defensible position in the mericon mountains . 
 and they are expert fighters . 
 their military is small , but it is highly trained . '' 
 `` thyrion has crushed stronger enemies under its heel , '' said thorynn . 
 `` this ... thorn in my side will be no different . '' 
 dracon turned to zebel . 
 `` what do you have to say to this , my empress ? '' 
 the slender figure of the thyrian empress rose . 
 `` i am in agreement with my husband . 
 if we do not subjugate remirion , other cities under our dominion may dare to rebel against us . '' 
 `` father and mother are right , '' said shar . 
 `` they have defied thyrion for over a generation . 
 their rebellion ca n't be tolerated . '' 
 the other princes and princesses voiced their vehement agreement -- all except jaysynn , who remained silent as he sat back and crossed his arms . 
 i 'd say something , but they would n't care , he thought . 
 `` i agree , '' said dracon . 
 `` i just want to avoid rushing headlong into a foolhardy war . '' 
 `` where does the temple stand on this ? '' 
 thorynn asked pelag . 
 the high priest slowly stood with his wrinkled hands folded in front of his face . 
 his bones creaked loudly . 
 `` i have communed with elthor in prayer . 
 i have sought wisdom from the book of thyr in the sacred tomes . 
 if i speak falsely in what i am to say , may i be punished most severely . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` remirion has rebelled against its masters , and in their pride , its people established their own nation . 
 the high lord has looked upon their sins with disgust and appointed thyrion to judge them . 
 he will deliver the rebel city to you so that it will be smote by his righteous hammer . 
 you have the temple 's blessing . '' 
 `` then it is settled , '' said thorynn . 
 `` we can not fail now . '' 
 he turned to the eldest prince . 
 `` shar , my son , it is time for you to prove your mettle as my heir , so i appoint you commander-in-chief of the armies in this campaign . '' 
 shar smirked . 
 `` thank you , father . 
 it will be an honor . '' 
 jaysynn shot a glare at his brother while the rest of their siblings applauded him and showered him with congratulations . 
 dracon , on the other hand , looked annoyed . 
 he spoke over the applause , saying , `` my emperor , i must respectfully disagree with your choice of leader . '' 
 everyone fell silent , turning to him in shock . 
 jaysynn , however , was trying to hide a small smile . 
 `` you dare question my decision ! '' 
 shot thorynn . 
 `` my apologies , my emperor , '' replied dracon , who looked to be using all his discipline to remain calm . 
 `` but shar is not ready to lead . 
 he is inexperienced on the battlefield . '' 
 `` he is the best fighter of all my father 's children , '' interjected talynn . 
 `` and the smartest , '' chimed chel . 
 jaysynn 's stomach turned at hearing their almost worshipful praise . 
 `` prowess and intelligence are no substitutes for experience , '' retorted dracon . 
 a moment of silence followed . 
 jaysynn secretly hoped this meant the general 's comment had changed their minds . 
 it 's better coming from him than me . 
 `` you are correct , dracon , '' the emperor began , `` and that is why you will accompany shar as his military advisor . '' 
 jaysynn 's jaw dropped . 
 dracon clenched his fist but managed to refrain from pounding the table . 
 `` my emperor , i have several other campaigns i must manage . '' 
 `` remirion will be squelched ! '' 
 thundered thorynn , lightning flaring in his eyes . 
 `` they are already sowing seeds of defiance in other cities . 
 let its punishment be a warning to them -- god-emperor thorynn will tolerate no rebellion ! '' 
 silence . 
 sweat beaded on jaysynn 's forehead . 
 for several eternal seconds , dracon stared with barely hidden contempt at the emperor . 
 neither man would back down . 
 finally , the general sat down . 
 `` it will be done as you command ... my emperor . '' 
 thorynn blinked , his expression softening , although it was like going from steel to stone . 
 he spoke the thyrian emperor 's traditional benediction , saying , `` my will is the will of the high lord . '' 
 pelag recited the traditional response : `` it shall be obeyed . '' 
 the emperor and empress stood . 
 everyone else stood after that and departed to carry out thorynn 's decree . 
 except jaysynn . 
 he sat with his head buried in his hands . 
 no one , not even dracon , bothered to ask him why he looked depressed . 
 * * * a week later , shar departed amidst a military parade . 
 he wore the finest thyrian army uniform while riding a white horse . 
 emperor thorynn and the thyrian honor guard , also riding horses , escorted him through the streets as the people watched . 
 rover trucks armed with magic-powered weapons cleared the way for the prince and his entourage . 
 the people cheered . 
 they threw white flowers along the road as he went , a gesture of blessing as old as thyrion itself . 
 at least , that is what jaysynn was told later by his siblings . 
 he avoided the procession . 
 nobody expected him to be there , and he was not invited . 
 that disappointed him more than anything else . 
 he could handle shar being sent off to `` glorious battle ; '' he was , after all , the eldest son and the heir to the throne . 
 jaysynn was not even old enough to enlist in the thyrian military . 
 what disappointed him was that his family did not want him there . 
 so , he disappeared into his room high up in the south tower of the emperor 's palace , locking the door behind him . 
 he plopped on his soft bed and silky blankets and hung his head . 
 knock-knock . 
 the prince ignored it . 
 knock-knock . 
 `` what do you care ! 
 go away ! '' 
 snapped jaysynn . 
 `` open the door or i 'll break it down , '' shouted a familiar voice . 
 the prince gasped . 
 `` i 'm sorry , dracon . '' 
 he ran to the door and opened it . 
 there stood the general . 
 he looked slightly annoyed , but it quickly faded . 
 `` i have little time before i leave with your brother . 
 i just want you to know that i want you to keep practicing and training . 
 you can not let your skills erode . 
 they are what separate you not only from the select but also from the ordinary . '' 
 jaysynn harrumphed . 
 `` what does it matter ? 
 my father will never truly recognize me as his son . '' 
 the general backhanded jaysynn across the face . 
 the young man stared at him in shock . 
 `` after four years of training , i expected better from you , '' scolded the general . 
 `` if you have let your arrogant family kill your pride , there is no hope for you . '' 
 jaysynn bowed his head . 
 `` my apologies , sir . '' 
 dracon grabbed the prince 's chin and raised his head until their eyes met . 
 `` i am your mentor , but a prince should never bow to his general . '' 
 a small smile cracked jaysynn 's face . 
 `` you were born for greatness . 
 never forget that . '' 
 jaysynn nodded . 
 `` i shall return , '' said dracon , shaking jaysynn 's hand . 
 `` goodbye . '' 
 with that , he departed . 
 jaysynn watched his brother 's parade snake its way through the streets of thyrion and disappear . 
 suddenly , the general 's words sounded hollow . 
 there went his cavalier brother , the favored son , the heir to the throne , off to prove himself in battle . 
 he would win glory for their father , their city , and , apparently , their god . 
 but most importantly , for himself . 
 what makes him think he deserves any of it ? 
 thought jaysynn . 
 just because he 's a select ? 
 that he can manipulate fire ? 
 i worked for every little thing i have . 
 he had everything handed to him . 
 his fist pounded the window . 
 * * * the emperor 's palace was silent at midnight . 
 a day of festivities had left even the `` night owls '' of the royal progeny tired . 
 only a handful of servants hard at work and guards on patrol remained awake . 
 so was jaysynn . 
 the prince locked his door and shut off his lights . 
 nobody would bother him now unless it was an emergency . 
 jaysynn usually did this to shut out his family and be alone . 
 but tonight , he could not even stand being in the house he was not welcome in . 
 in the pale moonlight , he quickly changed clothes , discarding his royal trappings in favor of black running shoes , dark green athletic pants , and a matching green hooded sweatshirt . 
 sitting on his dresser was the knife dracon had given him . 
 he grabbed it and strapped it to his waistband . 
 just in case i need it . 
 then he pulled a backpack from under his bed and put it on the mattress . 
 he unzipped it and stuffed inside a full canteen and a paper bag with a few loaves of bread . 
 with that , he closed the backpack , slung it onto his shoulders , and tiptoed to the window . 
 the half-moon peering down from sky , jaysynn surveyed the courtyard two stories below . 
 two guards stood at the gate a few hundred yards away . 
 he knew there would be at least one on the front portico , but he did n't see others . 
 he was close to the far corner of the palace , so the guard at the portico probably would not notice him . 
 the guards were looking for intruders , not for people leaving the palace . 
 getting back in would be tricky , but he knew the patrol patterns . 
 if he could get out , he was confident he would manage to get back in . 
 now 's my chance , he thought , strapping on a pair of black gloves . 
 jaysynn opened the window and closed the curtains . 
 then he slipped between the curtains , spun around , and gripped the marble sill . 
 he glanced down one more time to make sure the courtyard was clear . 
 it was . 
 no turning back now , he thought . 
 he let go of the sill and dropped . 
 an instant later , another window appeared in front of jaysynn and he gripped its sill . 
 this window belonged to a guest room on the floor below his room . 
 he was glad it was unoccupied . 
 he made a quick sweep for more guards . 
 none . 
 he dropped again . 
 hitting the ground , he tuck-and-rolled backward . 
 he checked again for the guards . 
 he had not been spotted . 
 but the guards on patrol were probably coming this way , so jaysynn jogged toward the 10-foot tall fence that surrounded the palace . 
 the gaps between the bars were too narrow for him to squeeze through , but he knew this . 
 after making one last check for guards and any bystanders on the other side , the prince jumped onto the fence and scaled it like a spider . 
 he climbed over the peak with a quick jump and slid down the other side , landing quietly . 
 jaysynn savored his accomplishment for a second . 
 then he dashed across the four-lane street and ran down the alleyway . 
 he jumped onto a dumpster and from there grabbed the ladder on a fire escape and climbed . 
 he reached the roof of the three-story building in about twenty seconds , hopping over the ledge . 
 crouching , he breathed a sigh of relief . 
 no alarm blared from the palace . 
 guards were not barking orders or threats . 
 i did it . 
 i really did it ! 
 he could not help but laugh . 
 he stood and walked to the other side of the building . 
 before him was the city of thyrion with its lights flashing and shining , its sleepless people 's voices blending in a hum-like noise . 
 the chill night air nipped at jaysynn 's face . 
 a deluge of smells both sweet and foul invaded his nostrils . 
 it was all an invitation . 
 i 've never been in the city at night . 
 how many nights have i sat at my window and wondered what happened at this hour ? 
 now i can find out . 
 with that , he backed up , dashed toward the ledge , and leaped across the narrow alley to the next building . 
 for the next hour or two -- he lost track of time -- jaysynn traced through the city . 
 he jumped from rooftop to rooftop if he could to avoid being seen . 
 whenever the alleys were too wide to jump , he descended to the ground and ran through the nearly empty streets . 
 a few people saw him , but they usually ignored him . 
 perhaps they thought he was a runaway or a criminal . 
 he received some rare shouts , but was usually climbing a ladder or antenna tower to a rooftop before anyone could say anything . 
 once or twice he had to avoid a lighted window as he climbed , but they were not a problem . 
 however , he failed to avoid one that was to a boy 's bedroom , which jaysynn learned when he heard the child excitedly shouting at his mother that he saw a man climbing the wall outside . 
 thankfully , the mother just told him to go to bed . 
 jaysynn had forgotten how free tracing made him feel . 
 no restrictions , no limits , no boundaries . 
 every fiber of his being screamed with exuberance even as his muscles burned and sweat stung his eyes . 
 alive . 
 that was how he felt . 
 alive . 
 like he could touch the sky or conquer the world . 
 this was what he was meant to do , who he was meant to be . 
 his family could keep their magic powers . 
 their abilities had made them arrogant , selfish , and lazy . 
 could they experience the thrill of tracing ? 
 could they see the city as he saw it now as a man battling against gravity and winning ? 
 flight was rare even among select . 
 maybe i can fly , thought jaysynn , but he laughed in his head at the thought . 
 now jaysynn could no longer hear his screaming muscles . 
 a few blocks back , the delightful smell of fresh bread amid the stench stirred his hunger , so he rolled to a stop as he landed on the roof of a short building . 
 this is probably an apartment complex , he thought . 
 i hope no one 's awake enough to come see who 's stomping around on the roof . 
 stepping toward the building 's ledge , he pulled off his backpack and sat down , leaning against the short wall . 
 he unzipped the backpack and produced his canteen and the bag of bread . 
 both were a little worse for wear : the canteen was dented in several spots and the bread had been squashed . 
 still edible , though . 
 he brought the canteen to his mouth , pulled the tab with his teeth , and gladly swigged three mouthfuls of refreshing cool water . 
 he opened the bag of bread and was about to bite into it when he heard voices in the alley below . 
 three men and a woman . 
 the woman , whose lyrical voice exuded innocence , sounded nervous . 
 the men , however , sounded licentious , like wolves on the prowl . 
 jaysynn replaced his canteen and bread in his bag and peered over the wall , looking down . 
 four figures stood at the back of the dead-end alley under a flickering lamp , whose light was so dirty it left smudges on jaysynn 's eyes . 
 the woman -- so young she seemed barely out of girlhood -- had long locks of tarnished gold for hair . 
 her face was painted with heavy make-up , like she was a doll . 
 her skin , whether tanned or grimy jaysynn could not tell , was otherwise smooth . 
 he could tell because she was showing much of it . 
 she wore a low-cut leather blouse that bared her midriff and a miniskirt that barely concealed her underwear . 
 she staggered in the mile-high-heel shoes . 
 the men all wore grungy clothes and ravenous expressions . 
 `` you brought us here to have a good time , right , babe ? '' 
 said the tallest man , who seemed to be the leader . 
 the girl spoke as awkwardly as she walked . 
 `` yes ... but just one at a time . 
 and ... i need the money first . '' 
 her eyes betrayed her disgust . 
 `` you done this before ? '' 
 asked one of the other men , incredulous . 
 `` yeah ... all the time . '' 
 she tried to sound seductive . 
 `` i ... like it dirty . 
 do n't you ? '' 
 one of the other men huffed . 
 `` then why you talking like the virgin i shredded in bed last night ? '' 
 fright crept onto her painted face . 
 `` i-i 'm not a virgin ... '' the tall man clutched her small shoulders , and she squealed in pain . 
 `` how ` bout i see myself if you 've been deflowered ? 
 then maybe i 'll pay you extra for taking your virginity -- or less because you do n't know how to shred properly ? 
 then my buddies can have what 's left of you . '' 
 `` no fair ! '' 
 they said . 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 he tore at her blouse . 
 `` no , please ! '' 
 the girl shouted . 
 jaysynn 's first instinct was to leave since what was coming would be ugly . 
 then like a bolt of his father 's lightning , a thought struck him : this is my chance to win glory in battle , like my brother ! 
 i can prove i 'm as much a warrior as he is ! 
 the girl may even kiss me out of gratitude ! 
 excitement coursed through jaysynn , reinvigorating his muscles . 
 impulsively , he jumped over the ledge with his backpack in hand , dropping two stories and making a three-point landing on a dumpster with a crash . 
 with his hood concealing his face , he looked up at the surprised dregs and shouted , `` get your filthy hands off her ! '' 
 `` kill him ! '' 
 ordered the tall man . 
 his friends instantly rushed jaysynn . 
 the prince sprang , flipping over the two men as they encroached . 
 he landed , tossing his backpack aside , and charged at the leader . 
 the girl squirmed from his grip . 
 four strides and , jumping , jaysynn kicked the fiend in the chest , launching him into the wall , where he collapsed . 
 the girl , frightened , fell to her hands and knees . 
 jaysynn turned to face the others . 
 `` stay behind me ! '' 
 he commanded the girl , glancing over his shoulder and smiling . 
 the two men charged . 
 with lightning speed , jaysynn jumped at the wall , sprang off , and kicked one in the head , knocking him down as teeth and blood flew out of his opponent 's mouth . 
 the last man he stopped dead in his tracks by punching him in the face . 
 the man lurched back , crying in pain , with blood gushing from his broken nose . 
 shaking his head , he recovered enough to retaliate , but instantly found jaysynn 's knife at his throat . 
 jaysynn , keeping his face hidden under the hood , spoke with a voice full of heroic pride . 
 `` leave now and i might forget to call the police . 
 otherwise ... '' he had no intention of killing them , but they did not know that . 
 his foe now had sweat mingling with the blood on his face . 
 he nervously gestured to his friends . 
 jaysynn heard them stagger behind him . 
 only when they had walked behind the man he had at knifepoint did he lower his blade . 
 standing ramrod straight , jaysynn glared at the three dregs until they disappeared around the corner . 
 he sighed , relieved and feeling triumphant . 
 and now to get some thanks from the girl . 
 he sheathed his knife , turned , and offered a hand to the girl . 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' she replied , taking his hand . 
 he pulled her to her feet . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 jaysynn stepped back both to keep his face hidden and because the girl reeked of cheap perfume . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 that 's all the thanks i want . '' 
 she closed her eyes to fight back tears . 
 now , despite his royal upbringing , the prince was unsure what to say , but he ventured , `` a girl like you should n't ... sell herself like a piece of meat . '' 
 `` i do n't have a choice , '' she replied , wiping away tears . 
 `` but ... prostitution ? 
 i ca n't believe such an undignified thing exists in thyrion . '' 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 shot the girl in agitated surprise . 
 `` lots of women have had to do this . 
 one of my friends joined the ladies of the night club and got me into it . 
 she said you could make lots of money really fast . 
 so , she gave me these clothes and i started walking the streets . 
 it took me three hours before i could get any men to ... approach me . '' 
 `` but why ? '' 
 `` my father was a soldier , but now he 's crippled , and my mother is too sick to work . 
 we need money and fast . 
 i 'm the oldest . 
 i had to do something since my brothers and sisters are too young to work . 
 they 're starving . 
 they ca n't wait . '' 
 jaysynn hung his head . 
 now words did fail him . 
 i should leave before ... he glanced at the girl . 
 strong for someone this young , yet forced to sacrifice her thyrian pride . 
 if only i -- wait ! 
 he dashed to his backpack and picked it up . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 asked the girl . 
 jaysynn unzipped it , pulled out the bag of bread , and held it out to her . 
 `` take these and share them with your family . '' 
 the girl looked befuddled . 
 `` i insist . 
 they 're a few hours old and were flattened during my run , but i promise you they 're still tasty . '' 
 the girl apprehensively took the bread . 
 `` i 've never seen bread that looked this good , '' she said , examining the loaves . 
 `` it looks like it should be from the palace . '' 
 jaysynn smiled . 
 `` thank you again . '' 
 `` you 're welcome , miss . '' 
 suddenly smiling , the girl giggled . 
 `` my name 's kyrie . '' 
 `` then you 're welcome , kyrie . '' 
 she giggled again . 
 `` i can get you a job . 
 a good job . 
 you wo n't have to sell yourself . '' 
 `` you can ? 
 where ? '' 
 jaysynn replayed his run in his head , digging for any potential workplaces . 
 `` is n't there a bakery on evergreen street a few blocks from here ? 
 we could try there first . '' 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` tomorrow , if you want . '' 
 kyrie 's jaw dropped . 
 `` i ... i do n't know what to say . 
 why would you do this for me ? '' 
 jaysynn hesitated to answer . 
 why am i doing this ? 
 after a brief pause , he finally said , `` because it 's the right thing to do . '' 
 kyrie wiped away more tears . 
 `` i ca n't tell you how good it feels to not be treated like i 'm invisible . 
 i just wish someone could do this for all the other women i know . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` the emperor , that -- '' she mouthed a filthy profanity . 
 `` does n't he know how many women have been widowed because of him and his constant wars and conquests ? 
 some of them are only a few years older than me ! 
 without husbands to take care of them , they 're desperate for food and money . 
 some of them have children to feed . 
 they do n't know what to do . '' 
 she harrumphed . 
 `` i have friends who had to watch their husbands leave during his stupid parade for prince shar , afraid they wo n't come home . '' 
 jaysynn felt like he had been stabbed in the heart . 
 a righteous indignation welled up inside him . 
 father has truly sacrificed the people for his own glory . 
 kyrie composed herself . 
 `` i need to get home , '' she said , stepping forward and stumbling . 
 she kicked off her high-heels and picked them up . 
 `` if only to get out of these horrible clothes . '' 
 she ran past jaysynn , but then stopped and looked back at him . 
 `` you never showed me your face . '' 
 `` i 'd like to keep it that way . '' 
 `` fair enough . 
 but who are you ? '' 
 jaysynn paused . 
 `` a friend . '' 
 kyrie looked disappointed , but smiled anyway . 
 `` i 'll see you around . '' 
 with that , she ran down the alley and into the street . 
 jaysynn walked up to the street , peered around the corner , and watched kyrie to make sure she was not attacked by any more would-be `` customers . '' 
 once she rounded a corner a few blocks away , he slipped back into the alley . 
 he leaned against the wall and hung his head . 
 my father is poisoning thyrion 's soul . 
 if only i could stop his wars . 
 he pounded the brick wall . 
 i ca n't sit by and let the people suffer . 
 i 'd be no better than my family . 
 what glory is there in war when it does this ? 
 he buried his face in his hands . 
 after a few seconds of tortured silence , he raised his head . 
 his eyes were full of fire . 
 i ca n't stop the war , but i can and will help the people on the streets . 
 chapter 7 : the watchman `` you can not wander off for that long ! '' 
 said dracon , who did not seem to care who he was addressing now . 
 `` you 're not a lowly prince anymore . 
 you 're the emperor . 
 this is wartime and a crisis . 
 you can not afford to be reckless . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' replied jaysynn , burdened by the scolding . 
 it had been like this since they returned to the bunker after he had climbed out of the crater . 
 dracon had refrained from chastising him while they were still in public so they could avoid losing face with the soldiers and citizens . 
 their already fragile , if not shattered , morale had to be maintained . 
 but jaysynn 's transgression could not be ignored . 
 so , no sooner were they back in the bunker did dracon unload one verbal barrage after another on him . 
 `` i trained you better than this . 
 dammit , your royal upbringing should have taught you better . '' 
 jaysynn 's face crinkled as he swallowed his anger . 
 `` i get it . '' 
 dracon pressed a button to activate the light stick , which had been their only illumination the entire week . 
 it would not turn on , so he smacked it in frustration until it did . 
 the tinkerer 's batteries must be drained , thought jaysynn . 
 the general laid the light on the table and continued his lecture . 
 `` your father was a fool . 
 i had hoped you were the only one of his offspring who did n't inherit that foolishness , '' he said , pointing at jaysynn . 
 dracon 's face was full of annoyance . 
 no , more than annoyance -- disappointment . 
 i hate being a disappointment , jaysynn thought . 
 `` now get out of that suit so i can have it cleaned . 
 you embarrassed the throne enough walking home in it . '' 
 dejected , jaysynn started changing clothes . 
 at least he could wear his more comfortable clothes now . 
 would this be a good time to bring up what i heard from those officers ? 
 he wondered while he was changing . 
 i did n't want to say anything in the open in case anyone overheard . 
 i do n't know how deep this conspiracy goes . 
 i can trust dracon . 
 he 's a hard man , but he would never betray thyrion . 
 as he finished changing , he took a deep breath to summon courage . 
 then he said , `` xander . '' 
 he never used dracon 's first name unless it was truly important . 
 he respected the man too much . 
 the general glared at him in the dim light , waiting for jaysynn to prove this was worthy of addressing him as such . 
 he hesitated only briefly . 
 `` while i was in the crater , i overheard something . '' 
 dracon looked at him sideways . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 jaysynn recounted what the thyrian officers had discussed . 
 dracon listened intently , his face masked by gruff composure . 
 `` do you know anything about this ? '' 
 jaysynn finally asked him . 
 the general crossed his arms , his expression unchanging . 
 `` i have heard reports like those , but i dismissed them as rumors and hearsay . 
 in all this chaos , it 's difficult to know what is true . '' 
 `` you 're confident of the intelligence you shared with me at the crater . '' 
 `` because that came from my most trusted men . 
 who said these things ? '' 
 `` i could n't see their faces . '' 
 `` there were several officers present at the crater . 
 i will speak with them . '' 
 `` is that a good idea ? 
 if they 've kidnapped a jalseian engineer , they may kill her if they think we 're suspicious . 
 we ca n't afford to have any trouble with our neighbors right now . '' 
 dracon nodded once . 
 `` you 're right . 
 then i will investigate the matter quietly . '' 
 jaysynn grinned to hide his disappointment . 
 i 'd hoped he 'd investigate it immediately . 
 he dared not voice that , so he simply said , `` thank you , dracon . '' 
 `` now , if you will excuse me , i have to meet with the other officers . '' 
 the young emperor dismissed him with a gesture . 
 dracon bowed slightly and departed . 
 jaysynn sat in the chair next to the table . 
 he huffed . 
 i need to find out what 's going on . 
 dracon 's too busy . 
 if the conspirators did something that led to the cataclysm ... i need to find out . 
 i owe it to the people of thyrion . 
 then it 's settled . 
 i 'm going to the hall of records tonight . 
 * * * the soldier assigned to guard jaysynn 's bunker was sgt. elrik . 
 the young emperor , in his usual fashion , had become something of a friend to the former select . 
 unlike most of the other magic-users jaysynn knew , he was surprisingly down-to-earth . 
 like dracon , who possessed great political power but did not lord it over his inferiors , elrik thought himself equal with his fellow thyrians . 
 the loss of his abilities had been a shock , but he had adjusted to his new normality fairly well by comparison . 
 jaysynn was about to put that rapport to its greatest test . 
 as jaysynn , clad in casual clothes and carrying a full backpack , opened the door , he greeted the young soldier heartily . 
 elrik , who was standing at attention next to the door , acknowledged him respectfully . 
 `` i have a favor to ask you , '' said jaysynn . 
 elrik turned to him , looking puzzled . 
 `` my emperor -- '' `` please call me ` jaysynn . '' ' 
 it took a second for that to sink in . 
 `` jaysynn , what favor could i possibly do for you ? '' 
 despite the soldier 's acquiescence , jaysynn hesitated to ask . 
 `` i would like to go for a walk by myself on the surface . 
 will you let me do that ? '' 
 `` but general dracon has given me explicit orders to guard you . '' 
 `` he does n't need to know . 
 i 'll be back long before he comes to see me in the morning . '' 
 `` he 'll have my head for neglecting my orders . '' 
 `` i 'm the emperor , so i think my word carries a little more weight . 
 plus , we need all the soldiers we can get , so i doubt you 'd get discharged right now . '' 
 elrik sighed . 
 `` how long ? '' 
 `` just a few hours . '' 
 `` are you sure you can handle yourself ? '' 
 `` you may not know this , but dracon trained me himself . 
 i 'm more than capable of defending myself . '' 
 `` just do better than you did earlier today , '' elrik said with a laugh . 
 `` thanks , '' replied jaysynn , laughing too . 
 `` i owe you one . '' 
 `` think nothing of it , my em -- jaysynn . '' 
 with that , jaysynn flew down the subway tunnel like a bird freed from a cage . 
 he pulled a light stick from his backpack to illuminate his path . 
 since it did not run on magic , he had no idea how long it would last . 
 once he was in earshot of the entrance and saw the moonlight pouring in from above ground , he stopped . 
 checking to make sure nobody was around , he opened his backpack and produced his hooded sweatshirt , which he had stuffed inside . 
 he unrolled it and slipped it over his shirt , pulling the hood over his head and face . 
 under the sweatshirt were bags of food and medicine that jaysynn had scavenged from the bunker during the week . 
 the medicine was given to him , but he doubted anyone would notice their absence . 
 if they did , he would tell them he had taken them . 
 he zipped the backpack and slung it onto his back . 
 he slunk down the tunnel , always watching for any bystanders . 
 i ca n't afford to be seen . 
 not now . 
 thankfully , the tunnel remained empty . 
 had the underdwellers moved out ? 
 that would n't surprise me . 
 a lot of people have left the city . 
 not even a scurrying rat could be heard , although the musty air was still filled with their foul odor . 
 that was not a good sign , although jaysynn mused how it was a dishonor that even thyrian rats had given up on the city . 
 he came to the entrance and quietly ascended the stairs . 
 peeking out to scan the street , he saw it was clear , so he ran into the nearest alley . 
 there he climbed a fire escape , reached the roof , and started tracing . 
 for a little more than an hour , he ran through the dark city , leaping from rooftops , scaling walls , jumping over cars . 
 the moon was nearly full , so jaysynn had little trouble navigating the obstacles . 
 but the cityscape had changed . 
 he might as well have been on another planet . 
 debris blocked his paths . 
 buildings he had once climbed lay in ruins . 
 tracing , though , had taught him to improvise and find new routes , so he never stopped for long . 
 he did his best to stay on the roofs and avoid disturbing the people . 
 the cataclysm already had them on edge ; no need to aggravate that by sneaking around like a prowler . 
 i just hope they still meet at the secret places ... if they 're still standing . 
 he would soon find out . 
 judging by the moon 's position in the sky , it was nearly midnight . 
 jaysynn soon realized he was in barathrum 's slums , the `` bad part '' of the city . 
 the unusually strong stench told him this . 
 here the poorest of the poor lived and worked . 
 the streets were filthy and the buildings rotted , and the people often matched . 
 no one from the palace ever ventured there during their parades . 
 it had , in many ways , been forgotten . 
 but not by him . 
 ironically , the slums had been spared the devastation wrought on the more opulent parts of thyrion because of its distance from the great well . 
 it seemed dracon was right : everyone truly was equal now . 
 he jumped from one building to a shorter one , rolling to a stop . 
 it 's still standing . 
 before the cataclysm , this building had been a whorehouse . 
 now it seemed empty . 
 all the better , he thought . 
 i always felt ... dirty coming here . 
 it was necessary , though . 
 the neediest people could be found here . 
 now to see if anyone is here . 
 just then , he heard voices coming from the alley . 
 he rushed to the building 's ledge . 
 two stories below were about a dozen people holding short candles . 
 their dirty , rag-like clothes were barely visible in the candlelight . 
 those not holding candles sat on the ground against the graffiti-stained wall . 
 they all spoke in hushed tones , but jaysynn heard a few things they said . 
 `` he 's not coming . 
 he has n't come for a week . 
 we 're wasting our time , '' a man said to a woman sitting next to him , presumably his wife . 
 she , on the other hand , refused to share his pessimism . 
 `` he 's probably been displaced by the cataclysm , just like all of us . '' 
 `` or he 's dead , '' interjected another man . 
 jaysynn smiled and stood to his full height . 
 `` no , he 's not ! '' 
 he bellowed in a deeper voice . 
 the small crowd looked up in joyous shock . 
 those sitting instantly shot to their feet . 
 `` it 's him ! 
 the watchman ! '' 
 a woman exclaimed . 
 `` yes , '' replied jaysynn , keeping his voice disguised , `` i barely survived the cataclysm myself , but i could n't forget my fellow thyrians in their darkest hour . '' 
 `` thank elthor ! '' 
 exclaimed another woman . 
 jaysynn whipped off his backpack , laid it in front of himself , and bent down to unzip it . 
 `` i have medicine and food . 
 what does everyone need ? '' 
 for the next twenty minutes , jaysynn distributed his stash among the crowd by tossing it down to them . 
 the medicine was first . 
 he had painkillers and first-aid kits . 
 the former were given to a mother for her injured son , a man for his headache-plagued wife , and an old woman with arthritis . 
 the bread was divided evenly among them all . 
 once his backpack was empty , the people rushed out of the alley with smiles on their faces . 
 a young mother declared that she would tell her sons that their favorite hero , the watchman , had returned and given them these gifts . 
 jaysynn smiled under the cover of his hood . 
 these seem like such small gestures , but sometimes the smallest acts have the biggest impact . 
 the alley appeared to be clear , so jaysynn put his backpack on . 
 now to get to the hall of records . 
 he turned to start running . 
 `` hey , stranger ! '' 
 called a familiar woman 's voice . 
 jaysynn froze , his heart skipping a beat . 
 `` kyrie ? '' 
 he blurted . 
 he looked down in the alley . 
 rounding the corner was a young blonde woman wearing jeans and a green blouse . 
 she looked at him with wide blue eyes , grinning . 
 `` kyrie ! '' 
 exclaimed jaysynn . 
 `` in the flesh . '' 
 jaysynn jumped over the wall , gripping the edge , and dropped to the ground below . 
 he reflexively pulled his hood over his face . 
 kyrie walked toward him , but he gestured for her to stay a few feet away . 
 `` i ... i was worried you were , well , dead since i had n't heard from you since the cataclysm , '' said jaysynn . 
 `` my family and i barely survived . 
 we 'd moved out here a few weeks ago to stay with family . 
 thank elthor we did . 
 i 've heard our old neighborhood was leveled in the blast . '' 
 `` i 'm glad to hear everyone is okay . '' 
 `` i 'm glad you 're alive . 
 people thought i was crazy for thinking you survived , but i knew better . 
 i knew there was no way you 'd let yourself get killed . '' 
 jaysynn was glad it was dark because it hid his blush . 
 `` thanks for the vote of confidence . '' 
 `` you know , my dad still thinks you 're an urban legend . 
 i 've been telling him for three years that i got my job as a baker because of you , but he does n't believe me . 
 he says i have too active of an imagination . 
 i 'm sure he thinks i have a crush on you like half of my girlfriends . 
 of course , you helped them , too . '' 
 `` i help everyone . '' 
 `` i know , and we 're all grateful . '' 
 `` so , what will you and your family do now ? '' 
 kyrie hung her head . 
 `` there 's nothing for us here now , so we 're going to leave . 
 there 's a man -- a smuggler with an incredible bus that somehow runs on steam . 
 he 's agreed to drive us out of the city and take us somewhere safe . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure anywhere is safe , '' replied jaysynn , the disguise eroding in his voice . 
 `` there 's nothing the cataclysm has n't touched , it seems . '' 
 `` maybe , but anywhere is better than here . 
 many people ca n't find a way to leave . 
 we were lucky . 
 this man is an old friend of my dad . 
 i think they were army buddies . '' 
 jaysynn bowed his head briefly . 
 `` then may elthor make your paths straight . '' 
 he turned to run . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 called kyrie . 
 jaysynn stopped and peered over his shoulder . 
 `` you could come with us , '' she said . 
 jaysynn shook his head . 
 `` i have too much work to still do here . '' 
 kyrie wilted . 
 `` i understand . '' 
 jaysynn looked away , but before he could make a stride , she asked him another question . 
 `` before you go , could i ... could i see your face ? '' 
 jaysynn hung his head . 
 i wish i could , but that 's too much of a risk . 
 if anyone found out i was the watchman ... `` i 'm sorry , but i ca n't . '' 
 kyrie sighed , but it sounded like a thinly veiled sob . 
 `` i just ... wanted to know who my family and i owed our lives to . 
 so much has changed for us -- so much has changed for me , especially in the last week . 
 you 're ... the only one i thought would believe us . '' 
 jaysynn huffed quietly . 
 it sounds like she really needs someone to talk to , but i do n't have time . 
 i need to finish my investigation quickly . 
 dawn will come soon , and the people will need their emperor . 
 `` i do n't blame you for wanting to confide in me , but ... '' he paused to take a deep breath . 
 `` i need to go . 
 i have urgent business at the hall of records . '' 
 `` goodbye , '' she said , her tone indicating she did not know what else to say . 
 `` farewell . '' 
 with that , he climbed a service ladder to the roof and began his long run to the hall of records , although it was with a heavy heart . 
 chapter 8 : pride goes before a fall 1 year ago ... jaysynn was at his usual perch . 
 the late afternoon sun bathed thyrion in yellow-red light . 
 trumpet blasts mingled with obligatory cheers resounded in the streets . 
 the prince caught glimpses of crowds lining the streets leading to the palace . 
 a squad of uniformed guards blockaded the gate . 
 downstairs , he heard the muffled commotion of his family and the servants scrambling to make last-minute arrangements to impress the reporters , photographers , and gossip columnists . 
 but jaysynn wanted nothing to do with it . 
 shar was coming home . 
 at first when he heard his brother -- and dracon -- was coming home , he thought about watching it from a rooftop and tracing his way back home . 
 but not only would he risk being spotted and possibly shot on sight as a perceived assassin , he simply did not want anything to do with this façade . 
 this warm welcome was nothing but a mask . 
 the war was lost , he thought . 
 but even in defeat , my brother does no wrong . 
 he clenched white-knuckled fists and forced himself not to punch through the window . 
 at least dracon is coming home , too . 
 should i tell him about my nightly `` strolls '' ? 
 would he understand ? 
 he debated this internally , as if daydreaming , as he watched the parade slowly march toward the palace , but his mind 's scales never tipped to either side for long . 
 finally , he saw the procession round a corner onto imperial avenue , the cheers getting closer and louder . 
 his brother , once again , rode a white horse surrounded by four soldiers on motorcycles and rovers . 
 a squad of soldiers carrying the thyrian flag marched before and behind them . 
 shar wore an artificial smile as he waved at the crowds from horseback . 
 sometimes he even blew kisses to the young women . 
 as they reached the gate , jaysynn saw that one of the soldiers on the motorcycles was dracon , whose smile was just as sketched on . 
 the first troop of soldiers marched past the gate , which was opened to welcome the prince and the general . 
 the two stopped in front of the gate , dismounted their respective rides , and strode through the gate escorted by several soldiers . 
 i better get downstairs , thought jaysynn . 
 mother and father will expect me to be there to welcome shar home personally . 
 he huffed at the thought . 
 he swiftly ran out of his room , through the hallway , and down the stairs . 
 the elevator was easier , but he preferred the stairs . 
 they were faster and more fun . 
 in no time he joined his family , who had crowded around the front door in the grand hall . 
 they were smiling , but jaysynn saw through their phoniness . 
 they wore masks for the public to see . 
 the emperor often said that a smile could make people forget failures faster . 
 they had been wearing these phony smiles a lot lately . 
 so , jaysynn put his `` mask '' on , too . 
 the big door opened . 
 shar , dracon , and their escorts , all wearing green thyrian army field uniforms , entered . 
 the guards were first , followed by dracon , whose smile instantly morphed into a scowl once inside . 
 shar , appearing to be in good spirits and almost silhouetted against the flaring flashbulbs , waved at the reporters who bombarded him with questions . 
 he gave a few quick answers , but finished by saying , `` now , if you 'll excuse me , i 'd like to see my family . 
 two years is a long time to go without them . 
 goodbye ! '' 
 as he closed the door , trying not to slam it , his smile melted into an angry grimace . 
 the kyzer royal family dropped their masks . 
 jaysynn 's siblings gave shar a wide berth as he stomped forward . 
 jaysynn , however , reluctantly extended a hand to his brother . 
 `` i 'm sorry you -- '' shar shoved him out of the way without even looking at him . 
 he walked toward the emperor and empress , who welcomed him with open arms and showered him with praise . 
 with their arms on the heir 's slumped shoulders , they walked away from the crowd . 
 one by one , the rest of them left , leaving only jaysynn and dracon . 
 the general stood with his arms crossed , staring blankly . 
 jaysynn wanted to say something , but everything went without saying . 
 what question could i ask that would lead him to explain it better ? 
 then in a low voice , still staring , dracon said , `` the son is as great a fool as his father . 
 the emperor was stupid to appoint him as leader of that campaign . 
 he had no real combat experience or competence . 
 his bad tactics and poor leadership cost us the war . 
 i lost too many good men because he treated everything like a game . 
 the glory he sought was dashed against the rocks , yet his father dresses the boy 's failure up in a faux glory . 
 they are disgraces to thyrion . 
 their arrogance will destroy the empire . '' 
 dracon seemed to be saying this to jaysynn , yet he did not make eye contact with him . 
 is he talking to himself ? 
 to no one ? 
 to someone else ? 
 the general uncrossed his arms and hardened his face . 
 `` something must be done to stop this . '' 
 he slowly turned aside and walked away . 
 jaysynn , alone , stretched his hand out to the general , but a strange paralysis overran him . 
 it 's like he did n't even know i was there . 
 has he forgotten me , too , now ? 
 * * * 1 week ago ... the foils ' whistles and clinks echoed through the gymnasium . 
 two fencers dressed in full gear performed the deadly dance . 
 they were shar and bulon , princes of thyrion , and their siblings cheered them from the benches.they had risen early for this duel . 
 jaysynn watched from just outside the door with his arms crossed , glaring . 
 shar had the upper hand , like always . 
 at least a dozen times he could have ended the duel with the wide openings bulon gave him . 
 had he missed them ? 
 no , thought jaysynn . 
 shar is toying with bulon . 
 the duel dragged on . 
 bulon 's movements slowed while shar 's seemed to quicken , as if he was sucking the life out of his brother like a parasite . 
 now the younger brother could barely swing his foil . 
 jaysynn thought he could hear bulon 's heavy breathing all the way from where he stood . 
 sweat so drenched bulon 's white uniform that it was turning a light gray . 
 the cheers grew louder . 
 finally , shar swatted bulon 's foil away and thrust his in the other prince 's chest . 
 the duel was over . 
 bulon fell to his knees . 
 his brothers and sisters shouted shar 's name . 
 jaysynn grit his teeth . 
 the eldest prince removed his mesh helmet and , holding it and his foil , raised both hands overhead . 
 `` is there no one who can defeat me ? '' 
 as if on cue , jaysynn shouted , `` i can ! '' 
 silence . 
 his siblings looked at him as he marched toward them . 
 jaysynn smiled at their shock . 
 he stepped onto the dueling strip , picked up the foil bulon had dropped , and looked at shar , who was now smirking . 
 `` so , you 've come back for another whipping , '' said shar , laughing . 
 `` did n't you learn your lesson back then ? '' 
 jaysynn clenched the foil tighter . 
 `` seven years is a long time . 
 a lot of things have changed . '' 
 `` yes , '' replied shar . 
 `` i 've gotten better . '' 
 jaysynn huffed . 
 `` then prove it . '' 
 he whipped the foil . 
 `` you 're better than you were last time , but not much bigger . '' 
 `` size does n't matter . '' 
 shar snickered , shaking his head . 
 `` quoting philosophy does n't win battles . '' 
 `` then shut up and fight ! '' 
 the foil hissed through the air as jaysynn swung it at shar . 
 the elder prince , startled , jumped back , dropping his helmet . 
 jaysynn did not relent -- he thrust at his brother with ferocious speed . 
 shar barely raised his foil in time to parry the attacks . 
 the younger prince forced him back . 
 shar did not know what to do . 
 jaysynn caught worried and shocked expressions from their siblings on the sideline . 
 shar regained his composure and went on the offensive . 
 he refused to take another step back and pushed back at jaysynn with quick thrusts . 
 the younger brother dodged and parried them with ease , but his retaliatory strikes were evaded . 
 i 've gotten better , jaysynn thought . 
 i am shar 's equal . 
 the two exchanged blows for over a minute until jaysynn noticed shar was slowing . 
 but jaysynn refrained from finishing him . 
 now shar was the one being toyed with ! 
 jaysynn smiled triumphantly . 
 finally , jaysynn thought , let 's end this ! 
 time seemed to slow . 
 jaysynn bent his elbow slightly , bringing the foil back , and then it shot for his brother 's chest . 
 but shar 's grip on his foil tightened . 
 fire suddenly flashed from his hand as his glove burst into flames . 
 his foil shot out to intercept jaysynn 's weapon -- and cut through it . 
 the younger prince 's eyes widened . 
 he super-heated his foil to slice through mine ! 
 before the shock could fully sink in , shar kicked jaysynn in the stomach , launching him to the ground . 
 with another kick , he swatted the broken foil from jaysynn 's hand . 
 `` how dare you insult me with this duel ! '' 
 shouted shar , thrusting his foil an inch from jaysynn 's face . 
 `` i am heir to the thyrian throne , the divinely appointed successor to my father ! 
 i am one of elthor 's chosen select , gifted with a portion of his power ! '' 
 jaysynn grimaced as shar stabbed the blunted foil into his chest . 
 `` i will not be beaten by the likes of you ! 
 you are unworthy of the kyzer name ! 
 you who were born untouched by magic ! 
 you who have remained in the palace out of mother and father 's pity ! 
 you are no brother of mine ! '' 
 a growl shot through shar 's throat and he threw aside his foil . 
 it slid across the floor . 
 shar turned away from jaysynn , his face covered with his hands , and walked away . 
 his siblings immediately surrounded him , asking if he was injured or depressed . 
 they did not even look at jaysynn . 
 tears swelled in the youngest prince 's eyes . 
 he swallowed sobs . 
 still they ignored him . 
 jaysynn shot to his feet and flew out of the gym . 
 he ran through the halls at full speed , only looking ahead , dodging servants until he reached his room . 
 he slammed the door behind him and locked it . 
 his dark green hoodie lay on his bed , so he grabbed it and slipped it on . 
 now his tears flowed . 
 jaysynn threw open his window and climbed out into the early morning twilight , not caring if anyone saw him . 
 thirty minutes later , the cataclysm happened . 
 chapter 9 : betrayal the hall of records still stood tall and proud , like a wounded thyrian soldier too stubborn to fall . 
 it was not far from the emperor 's palace in the newer government district , which is what saved it from devastation . 
 not that it was undamaged . 
 even in the pale moonlight , jaysynn could see that the nondescript five-story building was scarred from exploding wires , its windows shattered . 
 even so , dracon had made sure to have a few soldiers guarding the place at all times . 
 it housed thyrion 's history and countless government records . 
 while it was probably unlikely any thyrians would attack it , caution was still advised . 
 this might be a good test of the security , thought jaysynn , surveying the scene from the roof of the building next door . 
 if i can sneak in , who 's to say someone else could n't ? 
 then we 'd all be in trouble . 
 he sighed . 
 but it 's not like i can just walk over there and ask them to let me in . 
 they 'd report it to dracon , and then he 'd never let me leave the bunker . 
 i 'll have to sneak in there . 
 but how ? 
 the building he stood on was the same height , but the hall was too far to jump across the gap between them . 
 jaysynn knew he would have to get to the hall 's top floor , which was where all the secret government records were kept . 
 it was locked at all times , but jaysynn , being the emperor , had a master key . 
 the soldiers ' patrol was thorough , and the moonlight would not conceal him . 
 he could try jumping for a window , but he would risk wounding himself on the broken glass and making noise . 
 i 'm running out of time and options , thought jaysynn . 
 then he looked to his right and saw his way in -- a power line . 
 though frayed , it still clung to both buildings . 
 jaysynn 's eyes followed the cable from this building to the hall . 
 it was fastened to the corner near a fifth story window . 
 it 'll do , he thought . 
 he slunk to the corner . 
 he gripped and twisted the cable to test its strength . 
 i 'm light enough that it should support me . 
 he did not want to think about what would happen if it could not . 
 so , clutching the cable with both gloved hands , he slowly leaned over the edge , the gray streets four stories below . 
 then he let his body drop from the rooftop and , in one quick motion , wrapped his legs around the cable , hooking his knees over it . 
 he glanced down at the guards . 
 they had not seen or heard him . 
 his gaze returned to the now upside down hall . 
 better hurry before the blood rushes to my head . 
 hand over hand , he slowly pulled himself across the cable . 
 his hood dangled under his head , catching the sweat that dripped from his forehead . 
 he tried not to look down unless it was to check on the guards , not because he was afraid of heights but because he did not want to break his concentration . 
 his thundering heart beating against his ribs and his burning limbs already fought to distract him . 
 but the hall inched closer . 
 jaysynn 's muscles ached . 
 many days of near inactivity and the aggressive tracing he had done tonight had weakened them . 
 his unhealed injuries only exacerbated the pain . 
 jaysynn bit his lower lip to swallow his grunts . 
 i ca n't let the guards hear me ! 
 i 'm a sitting duck up here ! 
 minutes passed like hours . 
 they slowed with the increase of jaysynn 's fatigue . 
 lightheaded . 
 vision blurring . 
 focus ! 
 fight through it ! 
 he crawled ahead with screaming muscles . 
 he was within two body lengths . 
 just a little further ! 
 his hand touched a wall . 
 jaysynn shook his head to regain his bearings . 
 i made it ! 
 he glanced down and saw an open window , or rather , a window with shattered glass . 
 he would have to hope his gloves were thick enough to protect his hands . 
 he took a deep breath as he uncoiled his legs from the cable . 
 fire coursed through his arms . 
 fighting the pain , he quickly switched his hands so he spun around . 
 he threw his legs back and forth to build some momentum and let go of the cable . 
 he dropped toward the window . 
 his feet missed the sill -- but his hands gripped it , vice-like . 
 the razor edges of the glass dug into his gloves without penetrating them . 
 jaysynn swallowed grunts as he pulled himself up and crawled through the window . 
 glass crunched under his body as he fell to the floor . 
 for a few minutes , he lay there panting , letting his muscles rest . 
 he listened for the soldiers below , but their faint footfalls were still outside . 
 so , he slowly and carefully stood up , brushing glass shards from his clothes . 
 that was one of the closer calls i 've had . 
 the corridor was dark , but jaysynn knew his way around since he had visited this place several times with dracon . 
 walking a short distance down the hall , he came to an unmarked door . 
 he removed his backpack , unzipped it , and produced the master key , which he plunged into the lock and opened the door . 
 with that , he tossed the key back into his backpack and then pulled out a light rod . 
 he bent the thing and it glowed orange-red . 
 he was careful to cover it when he walked past the windows to avoid attracting attention . 
 he slowly pushed the door open and stepped inside . 
 he stuffed his light rod into his backpack and surveyed the large room in the moonlight pouring through the window . 
 every important document was stored in the filing cabinets lining the entire room , except for the wall to his right where a large window overlooked the city . 
 the answers he sought would be in one of those cabinets . 
 for the next hour , with the light rod gripped in his teeth , jaysynn rummaged through the file cabinets , searching , reading , studying . 
 it was not aimless , though . 
 the file cabinets were organized into groups and subjects , so he started with secret military operations , of which there were many . 
 his father had sent many advance scouts to infiltrate neighboring cities to prepare them for conquest , among other things . 
 but even there he could find no mention of the `` whispers . '' 
 why ? 
 he had heard stories growing up about past emperors having a black ops team at their command who answered only to them , but since neither his father nor dracon had told him such things , he figured it was a tall tale . 
 did they not officially exist ? 
 next , based on a hunch , he went to the section for the heart of thyrion . 
 jaysynn knew the explosion that devastated the city originated from the great well and figured that he might find answers in those documents . 
 he was almost afraid to look , though . 
 the officers at the crater seemed to speak of something clandestine happening there . 
 did his father know about this ? 
 did dracon ? 
 no , they could n't have . 
 one or both of them would 've stopped it , especially if it threatened the city . 
 the idea of the cataclysm being manmade was both comforting and terrifying . 
 who 's to say someone wo n't figure out how to replicate this and destroy another city ? 
 that is , if the other cities have n't been destroyed already . 
 the officers said the destruction stretched beyond our borders . 
 why is this being kept from me ? 
 jaysynn shoved such thoughts aside and focused on the task at hand . 
 he thumbed through the documents , looking for anything suspicious . 
 there were blueprints for new magic-harvesting technologies , scientific papers stolen from jalseion theorizing about the nature of magic , a map of the underground rivers and surface wells of magic on the entire continent . 
 these were important documents , but hardly world-shattering . 
 do they point to something bigger ? 
 then he was jolted as he found a document covered with blocks of black ink , and his fingers froze . 
 he pulled out the folder and grabbed the light rod from his mouth . 
 whole paragraphs had disappeared in the black voids . 
 the few that were visible provided no explanation . 
 in fact , what jaysynn could read seemed to be borderline gibberish . 
 was it codespeak ? 
 he replaced the folder and looked at the next one . 
 it , too , was covered with blacked out paragraphs . 
 so was the next one -- and the next and the next . 
 each one seemed to have more than the previous . 
 what is this ? 
 he scoured the documents for any clues , hoping against hope that something had been left uncovered . 
 then he saw words that seemed to jump off the page and grab him , words that so puzzled and shocked him that he reflexively read them aloud : `` project : godfire . '' 
 suddenly , he heard the door behind him open . 
 his hand shot for his knife as he looked over his shoulder . 
 a tall , powerful silhouette stood in the doorway . 
 was it one of the guards ? 
 if it was , he made no moves to apprehend him . 
 for several long seconds , he just stood there , silent . 
 it was then the figure started to look familiar to jaysynn . 
 no , it 's my mind playing tricks on me . 
 his doubt was dashed when the figure spoke . 
 `` i thought you would be here , jaysynn . '' 
 `` dracon ? '' 
 replied the young emperor , easing and easing his hand from his knife . 
 he shined the rod on the figure , illuminating a black army field uniform . 
 four small brass thunderbolt ribbons gleamed in the light . 
 `` yes , it is i , '' dracon finally replied . 
 by now , jaysynn had raised his light to the general 's face . 
 the man 's expression was stony and grim , with perhaps a twinge of sadness . 
 `` how 'd you know i would be here ? '' 
 asked jaysynn . 
 dracon dropped his gaze briefly . 
 `` i know you too well , jaysynn . 
 i knew you would want to discover the truth and that you would not wait . 
 what surprises me is how easily you were able to sneak into this place . 
 i have trained you well . '' 
 `` did you tell the guards i was here ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i told them i was here for a document i need for a briefing tomorrow . '' 
 jaysynn was surprised . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` what have you learned ? '' 
 dracon asked coldly , closing the door . 
 jaysynn turned back to the document he was holding , shining his light on it . 
 `` there was something called ` project : godfire ' conducted in secret . 
 a lot of the info here is blacked out , but it seems like it was started about a year ago and had something to do with the heart of thyrion . '' 
 he flipped to the next page , and his eyes widened . 
 `` i ca n't read it all , but it looks like this was about manipulating the magic in some way . 
 maybe they destroyed the great well . 
 i wonder if my father started this . '' 
 `` the fool knew nothing about it , '' shot dracon , his voice suddenly full of anger . 
 shocked , jaysynn stood , glancing back at the general and shining his light on dracon 's scowling face . 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 dracon huffed . 
 `` because i started the project . '' 
 jaysynn 's jaw dropped . 
 `` you what ? '' 
 the general slowly walked toward him . 
 `` i headed the project and it was spearheaded by members of the military elite and the aristocracy , both select and normal . '' 
 jaysynn grit his teeth . 
 `` and you never told me ? '' 
 `` i wanted to include you , but the others ... they did not know if you could be trusted . 
 i have begun to agree with them . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 jaysynn demanded . 
 the general , now within a few paces of jaysynn , stopped . 
 indignant anger swelled on his face , and he barely held it back . 
 `` our goal was to dethrone your father . '' 
 jaysynn was petrified . 
 the light rod and papers nearly slipped from his hands . 
 `` that ... ca n't be true . '' 
 `` the empire was in decline . 
 your father 's blunder in sending your brother to re-conquer remirion was sending shockwaves through our territories . 
 their defiance and victories told other cities that we could be defeated . 
 uprisings sprang up everywhere . 
 when we expanded into new lands , resistance was fiercer . 
 and they forced us to fall back . 
 they even defeated select ops teams . 
 your father -- no , your family -- was a disgrace to the thyrian empire . 
 in two decades they were destroying what had been built in five centuries . '' 
 `` but you are bound by honor to serve and obey the emperor ! '' 
 `` yes , but i am a patriot . 
 my first duty is to the empire . 
 i could not sit by and watch your father handle it like a clumsy child does a toy . '' 
 jaysynn flung the papers to the floor . 
 `` i did n't like my family any more than you did , but ... you should n't have kept me in the dark . '' 
 `` and what would you have done if had told you ? '' 
 asked dracon accusatively . 
 `` i ... i ... do n't know . '' 
 `` precisely . 
 you have n't the stomach for such things . '' 
 `` well , i hope you 're happy ! '' 
 shot jaysynn , pointing at dracon . 
 `` thanks to your project , i 've inherited an empire in ruins ! '' 
 dracon sighed . 
 `` the cause of the cataclysm is still unknown . 
 we never intended to cause a disaster . 
 and you were never supposed to be made emperor . '' 
 jaysynn clenched his fists . 
 `` and why not ? '' 
 he asked , indignant . 
 dracon 's voice was the coldest it had ever sounded : `` because you lack the courage or the will to do what is necessary . '' 
 shock , grief , and anger mingled within jaysynn , creating an emotional thunderstorm . 
 his brother 's last words to him echoed in his mind . 
 you are unworthy of the kyzer name ! 
 you who were born untouched by magic ! 
 you who have remained in the palace out of mother and father 's pity ! 
 you are no brother of mine ! 
 `` how can you say that ? '' 
 he finally asked . 
 `` this week has shown me your weakness . 
 the burden of the crown is crushing your brow . 
 while i never expected you to inherit the throne , i had hoped my training would make you strong enough to be an emperor , but it seems my hope was in vain . '' 
 jaysynn looked away in shame . 
 the general 's words pierced his very soul . 
 he closed his eyes to dam the oncoming tears . 
 `` it is time thyrion had a new leader , one who will stop this downward spiral and suck out the poison in the city 's veins . 
 the age of emperors has ended . '' 
 dracon paused . 
 `` forgive me , jaysynn , for what i must do . '' 
 suddenly , jaysynn sensed an attack and reflexively lunged sideways . 
 he rolled to his feet and looked back , horrifed . 
 dracon glared at him , holding a combat knife . 
 `` no ! 
 do n't do this ! '' 
 dracon said nothing and attacked . 
 jaysynn dodged the general 's knife-thrust , then several slashes that hissed through the air . 
 the young man had the speed advantage , but dracon was a seasoned warrior . 
 the general made sure to stand between him and the door . 
 if i can just get out of here ... ! 
 jaysynn thought . 
 the emperor jumped onto the desk , but dracon kicked it , tripping him . 
 jaysynn slammed into the desk . 
 he barely rolled out of the way to avoid a downward stab . 
 stumbling to his feet , he unsheathed his own knife and snapped to a combative pose . 
 they glared at each other for a second . 
 the general 's cold eyes drilled holes into jaysynn 's head . 
 the young man glanced to his right , catching the door in the corner of his eye , and then back at dracon . 
 the desk was in his way . 
 he sidestepped toward the desk and sprang over it . 
 two strides later , a rolling chair -- undoubtedly kicked by dracon -- sideswiped him . 
 he fell over it and hit the floor . 
 dracon 's silhouette lunged for him . 
 jaysynn rolled out of the way and sprang to his feet . 
 jaysynn , fearing he would trip while running again , sheathed his knife . 
 dracon seized the moment to attack . 
 the emperor lunged back to dodge the slashes . 
 dracon made the mistake of repeating the same attack too often , so jaysynn intercepted his backhanded slash with a swift roundhouse kick , disarming the general . 
 righting himself , the young man launched several punches at dracon 's chest and head , but it was almost like hitting a brick wall . 
 the general would not go down . 
 dracon caught jaysynn 's fist , fell back , and tossed him headfirst toward the window using the young man 's own momentum . 
 jaysynn was barely able to stand before dracon lunged at him , fists flying . 
 the emperor blocked or parried each attack , but the barrage slowly pushed him backward until he was almost leaning against the cold glass . 
 adrenaline flooded his veins , focusing his mind . 
 he deflected a punch and retaliated with a hard kick to dracon 's gut . 
 the general staggered back , but only briefly . 
 suddenly , he pounced at jaysynn . 
 his palms slammed against the young man 's chest . 
 the force of the impact launched him back . 
 glass shattered . 
 jaysynn suddenly found himself falling amidst sharp shards gleaming in the moonlight . 
 the hall of records ' face rushed upward . 
 wind hissed in his ears . 
 his eyes met dracon 's as he fell . 
 for a fraction of a second , he saw remorse in the general 's face . 
 jaysynn 's hand reached toward him as the general seemed to rush into the distance . 
 a thud . 
 darkness . 
 chapter 10 : enemy territory noise and color , blending , reverberating , echoing , smearing . 
 paints splattering with every throbbing sound . 
 blood rushing to his ears . 
 pain shooting through his spine and neck . 
 wetness behind his head . 
 paralysis . 
 objects forming ... perhaps ... trying . 
 a white light blinding him . 
 a face coalescing -- a familiar face . 
 it stops swirling . 
 golden hair . 
 blue eyes . 
 lyrical voice . 
 kyrie ! 
 she is looking right at him . 
 fear and relief mingling in her beautiful face . 
 she is tapping his cheek . 
 `` look at me , '' she is saying . 
 he keeps looking at her , hypnotized . 
 angry voices behind her . 
 she is shouting at them , but her voice is vanishing in the noise . 
 she looks away to argue . 
 blacking out ... an engine rumbled . 
 jaysynn slowly opened his eyes , fighting for consciousness . 
 he was lying on his back . 
 he felt a warm blanket covering his body . 
 he blinked to clear his vision and saw an arched gray ceiling above him . 
 under him , the floor shook slightly . 
 he started to hear dozens of voices around him . 
 the tops of upholstered seats appeared at the corners of his eyes . 
 a small brown-haired boy appeared above him . 
 the boy smiled in surprised delight . 
 `` kyrie , he 's awake ! '' 
 he exclaimed , looking away . 
 jaysynn heard footfalls rush toward him . 
 then kyrie , her blonde hair forming a halo around her face , appeared before him . 
 he suddenly felt safer . 
 `` what ... happened ? '' 
 jaysynn asked , moaning in pain . 
 kyrie stroked his head . 
 `` try not to move too much . 
 you 've been out cold for three days . '' 
 `` where ... am i ? '' 
 `` you 're on a bus with me and my family . 
 i followed you to the hall of records and saw you fall out of the window '' -- she leaned down to whisper in his ear -- `` jaysynn . '' 
 the young man 's eyes widened and he lurched to sit up , but pain and kyrie 's hand joined forces to stop him . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i explained everything to my family . '' 
 `` you told them ? '' 
 shot jaysynn , coughing . 
 `` i had to when i took you to our home to tend to your wounds . '' 
 jaysynn inhaled and exhaled in a panic . 
 `` they like you . 
 they always have . 
 both as the prince and the watchman . '' 
 he breathed a sigh of relief . 
 then he asked , `` but why are we on this bus ? '' 
 `` i told you we were leaving the city to seek refuge somewhere else . 
 a smuggler with a bus that runs on steam offered to take us to his city . 
 he says it was n't as devastated by the cataclysm . '' 
 jaysynn tried to sit up again , but his muscles were too stiff . 
 `` please help me up . '' 
 kyrie told the boy to get off the seat , which he did , and she helped jaysynn slowly sit on that seat . 
 the young man leaned his head against the window . 
 a blob of light smothered his vision as his eyes adjusted to the sunlight . 
 he heard several people -- children and adults -- exclaim praises in his honor . 
 `` what happened after i fell ? 
 how was i not found by the soldiers ? 
 why did you bring me with you ? 
 who -- '' kyrie covered his mouth with her hand . 
 `` i 'll explain later , '' she said , smiling . 
 `` for now , just rest . '' 
 a voice from upfront -- the driver -- exclaimed , `` we 're here ! '' 
 jaysynn glanced out the window . 
 he saw a dilapidated green sign that read , `` welcome to falcon point . '' 
 the end of the fall of the house of kyzer about the author nathan marchand is a writer by day and thyrion 's new watchman by night , having taken up the mantle discarded by jaysynn -lrb- nate 's always wanted to be a superhero -rrb- . 
 he has loved speculative fiction since age three and writing since sixth grade . 
 he spent many hours in high school writing stories -lrb- and fanfiction -rrb- that never saw the light of day -lrb- it 's better that way -rrb- . 
 he earned a b.a. in professional writing from taylor university thyrion ... er , fort wayne . 
 since then he has written for various publications as a staff writer and freelancer . 
 his first novel , pandora 's box , a military science fiction thriller , was published by absolute xpress in 2010 . 
 he 's also self-published destroyer , a pulpy sci-fi novella , and the day after , a short story collection featuring a tie-in tale to his novel . 
 he hopes to soon publish a fantasy/comedy novel and is now working on a sequel to pandora 's box . 
 when not writing , nathan enjoys other creative endeavors such as acting , amateur filmmaking , and occassionally saving the world . 
 you can check out his website here : www.nathanjsmarchand.com . 
