 the rules change jaysynn -- book 2 a children of the wells novel by john bahler smashwords edition table of contents other books in the series chapter 1 : the brink of revolution chapter 2 : the new rules chapter 3 : the new miracles chapter 4 : `` we adapt '' chapter 5 : kings are laid low chapter 6 : the new economy chapter 7 : old enemies chapter 8 : the new magic chapter 9 : the order of life and death chapter 10 : new life about the author this book was originally serialized at childrenofthewells.com as part of an ongoing series . 
 new stories published regularly . 
 bron & calea the select 's bodyguard the doctor 's assistant the well 's orphan jaysynn the fall of the house of kyzer the rules change new wells rising chapter 1 : the brink of revolution `` grab a knife , '' said a man in a dark brown cotton jacket . 
 `` grab a broomstick , grab a piece of pipe , whatever you 've got . '' 
 the man he was talking to was a little confused . 
 he had just answered a knock at the door , and these words were not what he was expecting . 
 of course he had already heard the commotion in the streets , and he 'd already gotten out of his recliner to look out the window to see what it was all about . 
 but the warlike order from this complete stranger took him very much by surprise . 
 he scratched his head and asked what this was all about . 
 `` this is it , '' said the man in the jacket . 
 `` the entire city is without work -- and for how long ? 
 and every man , woman , and child is running low on food . 
 this is the time to make a change . 
 this is the time to save this city , to save your friends and neighbors , and to save yourself . '' 
 `` is this some kind of a mob ? '' 
 the man who had answered the door asked . 
 `` this is no mob . '' 
 the man in the jacket held his hand across his heart . 
 `` this is a revolution ! 
 if you are suffering in the wake of the terrible day , then you are one of us . 
 and if you want to join the cause -- if you want to oppose starvation and poverty , rampant crime , and the chaos that has overtaken falcon point -- then grab whatever weapon you can get your hands on . 
 we are going straight to the old fort , straight to the governor , and we will make our voices heard ! '' 
 so the man grabbed his hat , and he grabbed a sturdy lamp stand which the cataclysm had rendered obsolete for its intended purpose , and he joined the crowd in their march through the city and toward the old fort . 
 he joined not only the man in the dark brown cotton jacket , but also the neighbors who lived on his street , the beggars of the city , the laborers , the businessmen , and even the men who owned the great industries of falcon point , the men who had given so much life to falcon point before the day the well was destroyed . 
 rich and poor joined together in the fight . 
 young and old . 
 saint and sinner . 
 this would be the day the broken world was set aright . 
 this would be a day of glory . 
 their march had begun in the rickety clapboard homes on the outskirts of town , where the ex-farmers and ex-miners moved when they grew tired of toiling in the rocky hills and decided to try their hands at urban poverty for a change . 
 now the mob was in a fine middle-class district . 
 here the homes were a fashionable `` rustic '' variety of log buildings cherished by a wealthier class of mountain man : the merchants , the small business owners . 
 and soon their march would lead them into the old district at the center of town . 
 the stately stone and brick homes and businesses in that area belonged to families who had been wealthy for generations , passing their rank and authority down from father to son through the passing centuries . 
 these were the ones who owned the mining companies , the factories , and the property . 
 and these old worthy citizens were just as eager for revolution as were the destitute . 
 many of them would join the wild and mighty throng in the march on the old fort . 
 for over five hundred years , the old fort had stood on the rim of the city 's great well , its massive stone arches testifying to the indomitable spirit of the city of falcon point and of the people who dwelt therein . 
 it was a celebrated structure , a beloved old castle . 
 fresh cracks had split its ancient mortar , and a tower in its rear had collapsed altogether in the cataclysm , spilling its rubble across the graveyard . 
 but it still pressed on , like a general , cold and undaunted . 
 any revolution in falcon point would begin at the old fort and make its final home in its ancient walls . 
 of course , the true heart of the city -- as with all the great cities -- was not the castle at all , but the well , which was now charred and empty . 
 the old fort , with its stark towers , its elegant balustrades , and its ancient plot of headstones , watched over the now-worthless well . 
 it was a faithful monument , refusing to let down its guard even after the magic had all departed . 
 yes , the heart of the city -- as with all the great cities -- was dead and gone . 
 so it fell to governor vac and the men in the old fort to keep the lifeblood of the city pumping . 
 they did n't do it by pushing papers or by debating the contemporary issues . 
 they did it by taking action . 
 blind , callous action . 
 they pumped the city 's blood by moving like machines now that the heart was dead . 
 and now , as a rebel militia took form within the city limits , governor vac sat at his desk in his office in the castle and heard the word of coonhil , his head of intelligence , and chewed on the butt of a pen . 
 vac 's cheeks and chin were strong and speckled with black and grey flecks , the stubble of an aging beard that looked like it was made of fine iron filings . 
 coonhil , a few unbound papers in his hands , stood straight as a rail in front of the governor 's desk . 
 his voice was tightly wound , slightly high in pitch . 
 his manner was professional and perfectly controlled . 
 he reported , `` still no clear leadership emerging in jalseion . 
 some figures rise to grab for power , but food is scarce and no one is able to establish a foothold of authority . 
 it 's revolution upon revolution . 
 i could give you the names of some of the leaders , but the power is shifting so quickly that -- well , i 'm sure a handful of them are already dead as i deliver this report . '' 
 `` spare me the names , '' vac said , the pen bobbing in his lips as he spoke . 
 `` are there any selects in power ? '' 
 `` my information is limited of course . '' 
 `` any of the old prominent citizens ? 
 any of the old guides ? '' 
 `` not as far as we can tell , '' said coonhil . 
 `` our spies are working -- '' `` fine , '' said vac . 
 `` and thyrion ? 
 are they at the point of martial law ? '' 
 coonhil took a breath . 
 `` we do n't know . 
 there are certainly signs to indicate the beginnings of it . '' 
 he glanced around the office , a spacious old room lined with paintings of the past governors of falcon point -- every one of them dead now . 
 his voice echoed slightly off the stone walls and the heavy wooden floor as he spoke of the enemy city : `` their military presence is only growing . 
 but as a rule they are very poorly armed , which does limit their influence . '' 
 `` but well trained , '' vac added . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 vac took the pen out of his mouth and laid it on his desk . 
 `` and is jaysynn the only one left ? 
 do we know that yet ? '' 
 `` actually , i have one report that says he 's dead as well . 
 details are sketchy . '' 
 `` well , we need to know . '' 
 vac leaned forward in his seat ; his shoulders were broad as a bear 's . 
 `` make that a high priority item . '' 
 `` i already have , '' said coonhil . 
 `` good , '' said vac . 
 for a moment his voice grew casual and lost its authoritarian edge . 
 `` well , this could be good news . 
 the whole royal family may be wiped out . 
 i wish i could have killed just one of them myself . 
 frankly , i wish i could have put shar 's head on a pike . 
 or laid it on thorynn 's doorstep . '' 
 `` you would prefer martial law to the rule of the kyzers ? '' 
 `` no . 
 not at all , '' the governor answered , fully recovered from his mild emotion , his subtle mix of hatred and relief . 
 `` but i prefer dracon to the kyzers . 
 he never wanted a war with us and i doubt he wants one now . '' 
 `` power can change a man 's mind in a hurry , '' coonhil said with a thoughtful tilt of the head . 
 `` oh , i know it . 
 especially if he can establish martial law . 
 i said this was good news -- i did n't say we could breathe easy . '' 
 `` agreed . '' 
 governor vac rubbed his forehead with a heavy hand . 
 `` well , i 'd love to say a toast to the fall of the house of kyzer , but there 's no time for that . 
 i 'd love to talk about rebuilding our mining and manufacturing , too , but i become more and more troubled with the more basic necessities : no one is going to trade food . 
 thyrion certainly wo n't . 
 jalseion is n't capable of any kind of trade , i 'm afraid . 
 and in every other city and town it 's the same story . 
 that means we 've either got to raid other people 's villages or we 've got to be self-sufficient . 
 but how in the hell are we supposed to be self-sufficient on a mountainside ? 
 what about our own farms ? 
 are they staying stable ? 
 are the refugee camps showing productivity ? 
 do we have enough food on this mountain to last till harvest -- and when harvest comes , will we have enough to live for the next year ? '' 
 coonhil scratched his chest , but after his hesitation he went on confidently , `` there is some unrest in the rural regions , but in general they are faring better than the city . 
 our food storage would not have been sufficient to last until the harvest , but our loss of mouths to feed is expected to leave us with a slight surplus . '' 
 `` when you tell me these things , try not to sound too relieved at how many people are dead , all right ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 as he spoke , vac turned his chair around to face the window behind his desk , and he held his hand out toward the opening beneath the stone arch and toward the city that lay beyond the window . 
 `` of course we 've still got to figure out how to get that food to the people out there . 
 but that 's good to know . 
 how long until we ca n't take in any more refugees ? '' 
 `` because their rations are so small , we should be able to last another -- '' his words were cut short . 
 a guard in a brown drab uniform flung the door wide open and barged into the meeting . 
 `` you 've got a mob brewing ! '' 
 he said , his hand pointing behind him . 
 governor vac inhaled calmly , and calmly spoke : `` dammit . 
 do n't these people know i 'm trying to work here ? '' 
 he turned his face again to coonhil . 
 `` alright , do you have anything else that 's important ? '' 
 `` no , sir . 
 not more important than a mob , '' answered his head of intelligence . 
 without another word , vac rose to his feet . 
 it was a slow process : he was a man of bulk -- not tall by any measure , but stocky , densely built . 
 his joints were getting a little old . 
 so sometimes the limitations of his body robbed him of his haste . 
 and in times of crisis he deliberately moved slowly . 
 it was his private little method of mastering the world . 
 he who is afraid runs around like a headless chicken . 
 and he who fears nothing stands up slowly , and walks slowly across the room , and slowly down the hall . 
 he moves step-by-step onto the balcony , into the cold wind . 
 but he does not lay his hand leisurely on the balustrade -- he does so with absolute deliberation . 
 and he does not rest his hand upon the rail -- he grips it . 
 in that way vac moved to face the crowd from above . 
 the mob gushed through the streets like a flooded river , but spotted governor vac on the balcony before they had reached the heavy front doors to the old fort . 
 when he made his appearance before them , they drew to a halt . 
 the cobblestone streets of the old district were full of gaunt-faced men brandishing knives and broomsticks . 
 and , in recent years , swords had become popular decorations , commemorating the bold and fiercely independent heritage of falcon point , so a good number of the rioters had blades tailor-made for the killing of men . 
 these they lifted high above their heads , shouting threats and curses at the governor , which echoed through the corridors of the old district , with its streets of stone and its buildings of brick and plaster . 
 the clamor of the crowd was threat upon threat , each cry ringing through the street blurring together with all the other cries so that nothing that anyone said was intelligible to the man they were yelling at . 
 vac answered with a steadfast glare , and he gripped the railing on the balcony . 
 the old fort was a stone sentinel . 
 the sky at his back was duller than slate . 
 from the moment he first showed his face , the shouts crescendoed for several minutes , but in time they began to dwindle slightly . 
 they would escalate again soon enough , for the volume of an impassioned crowd cycles up and down as perfectly as a sine wave . 
 when the low point in that cycle came , vac 's voice boomed across the crowd : `` what do i have to say for myself , you ask ? '' 
 whether or not anyone had asked that , he had no idea . 
 but he asked it with such dominance that they all believed that they had collectively asked precisely that question . 
 so their shouts declined further still . 
 some of them repeated his question back at him . 
 but the cycle was broken . 
 their cries did not redouble , but they dried out , wilted , and at last faded into silence . 
 two thousand angry young men , at least , were hushed in anticipation of vac 's answer to their burning question . 
 he milked the silence . 
 he knew how long it would last and how long it would not last . 
 he could read it in the tension of the air , and in the eyes of each man in the crowd -- and he met many of those eyes directly . 
 just before the first murmurings resumed , he spoke : `` i can understand why you 're all here . 
 you 've lost a lot lately and you 're angry . 
 you 're scared . 
 you 're hungry . 
 well , if you kill me and my staff , the meat on our bones is n't going to last you very long . 
 and our pantries are just as empty as yours . 
 so you 'll still be hungry , and you 'll still be angry , and you 'll still be scared . 
 therefore , instead of storming the old fort , i ask you to do something strange instead . 
 go home . 
 be with your families . 
 hold them tight and tell them you love them . 
 and pray . 
 pray for the city . 
 pray for your families and yourselves . 
 pray for me and my staff . 
 `` while you 're doing that , i can guarantee we wo n't be doing that . 
 we 'll be working night and day to figure out how to get food into the city . 
 how to get our businesses and industries running without magic . 
 and how to keep you safe from looters , from foreign enemies , and from yourselves . 
 so i ask you now , from the bottom of my heart , please get the hell out of here so i can keep this city alive . '' 
 after blasting out those words , vac fell silent ; and the wind blew through the city streets , over the heads of the men in the mob , and licked his stony cheeks . 
 then one of them -- a man in a dark brown cotton jacket -- yelled out in the silence : `` why should you have peace when there 's no peace for any of us ! '' 
 vac looked down on him from above . 
 he did not speak : he stared in a silence and a stillness that was greater than an earthquake . 
 anger was in his brows , and his eyes did not waver nor blink , nor did he shift his weight on his feet , nor twitch his fingers . 
 instead , their grip was firm on the rail . 
 vac was a statue . 
 he was made of stone , the same old , weathered , unbreakable stone that made up the old fort . 
 this mob had gathered to storm the capitol and turn its leader into lifeless flesh . 
 they came to spill this man 's blood . 
 but now it was unthinkable . 
 in him was more dignity and more stone-cold resolve than in all their number combined . 
 so , without shouting , without speaking , without murmuring , they lowered their heads . 
 they broke the stare and looked toward their feet . 
 they turned their backs to the old fort . 
 they wandered home . 
 those who had shouted the loudest , those who had wanted to remain firm , those who were content to match the governor 's gaze -- they glanced about them to see their friends and neighbors departing . 
 a few of them tried to rally the mob -- the man in the jacket urged his compatriots to stand their ground -- but the miraculous energy of the throng was gone , suppressed from above . 
 the spirit of rebellion and outrage was dead and buried with hardly a word to its memory . 
 vac remained motionless until the mob was dispersed , until not one of them was still staring back up at him , until even the man in the jacket had cast his eyes aside . 
 then he loosened his hold on the rail , popped his knuckles against it , and walked back in from the balcony . 
 coonhil greeted him with a handshake and a pat on the back , but he , like the mob , could not find a word worthy of the moment . 
 `` now where were we ? '' 
 vac said , his voice a little gruff . 
 `` the economy ? '' 
 `` well , i believe so , '' coonhil answered , following vac 's momentum back toward the office . 
 `` good . 
 let 's get on with it then , '' said vac . 
 coonhil said nothing , in disbelief that vac was so soon ready to get back down to business . 
 vac glanced at him . 
 he did n't smile . 
 `` i need a glass of water , '' he said . 
 chapter 2 : the new rules an old bus squealed and hissed as it came to a halt . 
 ten days ago it was an antique , and the man who owned it and maintained it was an eccentric : his mind was in the past and not the present , and he loved experiments more than practical accomplishments . 
 now that the cataclysm had wiped out the magic engines and weapons and screens , this steam-powered bus was suddenly one of the most advanced pieces of technology on the planet , and its owner was reaping a fortune driving people out of thyrion and into falcon point . 
 his fares were modest , but he was paid well on delivery : a third party was eager for bodies . 
 `` all right , '' said the driver , standing to his feet and pulling a list of names out of his pocket . 
 `` some of you are supposed to get off here . '' 
 he read the list of names . 
 jaysynn and kyrie and her family were not on it . 
 `` have your id ready as you get off . 
 if you do n't , the guards outside will turn you back around . '' 
 jaysynn had laid in the aisle for most of the trip , but now he was in a seat next to kyrie , watching the people on the list getting off the bus . 
 `` i do n't like this , '' he said . 
 `` maybe they 're criminals , '' kyrie said . 
 her father sat in the seat in front of them . 
 he was an ex-military man and still wore his hair according to regulations . 
 he turned around to face the others and said , `` maybe we 're the criminals . '' 
 he nodded once like he 'd just delivered the ultimate commentary , but the others were not yet convinced . 
 `` there 's a lot of people still on the bus that do n't have any connection to jaysynn , '' kyrie said . 
 `` i do n't think we 've been caught . '' 
 `` maybe not , '' jaysynn said . 
 `` but i still do n't like it . '' 
 kyrie 's father glanced around the bus . 
 `` aside from the women in our family , '' he said , `` there 's only one other woman staying on the bus . 
 that 's not a good sign . 
 and she looks kinda criminal . '' 
 kyrie , each of her siblings , and jaysynn all turned to catch a glance of the woman ; the young ones , in particular , were not subtle about it . 
 this woman was their test : if she looked like a captured convict , they all were convicts . 
 she looked poor , unwashed for at least a week . 
 but not many in thyrion had the luxury of bathing in that past week : all were poor . 
 the real clue was her jaw : it was muscular , strong as stone from over thirty years of gritting her teeth . 
 as this strange thing was happening -- as half the passengers were allowed to get off and the others forbidden from leaving -- this woman sat silently , expressionless , except for a tight forehead and a slight frown that probably never left her face . 
 she took no notice -- or pretended not to -- when three girls and two boys and two grown men turned around to catch a glimpse of her . 
 as each of them tried in his own mind to decide if she was a lawbreaker , an argument started just outside the bus door . 
 a frantic man with a high-pitched voice had been talking for some time , but suddenly his voice raised to a shout . 
 `` i forgot my id . 
 let me go get my family and they can tell you who i am . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry sir , '' said one of the guards . 
 `` you 'll have to return to the bus . 
 your family will know where to find you . '' 
 he motioned toward the bus . 
 `` no , '' said the man . 
 `` this is n't fair . '' 
 two of the guards grabbed his arms and helped him into the bus . 
 he kicked and flailed . 
 `` i do n't want to stay on the bus . 
 i want to go with them . '' 
 `` you 're going to go to a place that has food and water and shelter , '' said the guard . 
 `` and that 's better than where these people are going . '' 
 `` why ? 
 where are they going ? '' 
 `` they 're free , '' said one guard . 
 `` free to starve , '' said the other . 
 the man grew suddenly passive as the guards pushed him into an empty seat . 
 his face was red and beads of sweat popped out of his skin . 
 but he was breathing slowly and deeply . 
 a strange , despairing calm had washed over him . 
 `` you 'll live , '' said the guard . 
 `` be thankful . '' 
 they exited the vehicle , chests puffed out in silent celebration of their authority , and the bus squeaked and squealed as it built its momentum and rolled down the road . 
 kyrie tapped jaysynn on the shoulder . 
 `` why do n't you ask the driver where we 're going ? '' 
 he shifted his weight in his seat . 
 the bus trembled as it rolled over the rough mountain road . 
 `` i 'll talk to him , '' her father said . 
 he stood and walked up the aisle . 
 he moved slowly and only with the help of a crutch , because the muscles on one of his legs were worthless -- the reward for his service to thyrion . 
 when he reached the front of the bus he leaned over the driver and said , `` what 's this about ? '' 
 the driver was unintimidated , almost bored , like this kind of exchange was as routine as glancing over his shoulder when changing lanes . 
 `` i 'm about the luckiest man in the world , i figure , '' he said , `` ` cause businesses are all going in the tank . 
 the mines are shut down , and the factories . 
 everybody 's hungry . 
 nothing to do to earn a living any more . 
 but me , i got a job . 
 and you 're all gon na have jobs , too . 
 this bus is going to tarc 's farm -- it 's a refugee camp . 
 and old tarc , he 's gon na take care of you . 
 it 'll be some hard work , but hard work -- any work -- is the best blessing in the world right now . '' 
 `` why did n't you tell us this was part of the deal before we got on the bus ? '' 
 `` sorry if you did n't know , mister . 
 if you do n't want to work , just let old tarc know . 
 he pays me to deliver , so i deliver . 
 and then if you decide you do n't want a job , well , that 's fine with me -- i still get paid . '' 
 `` well , fine , '' said kyrie 's father . 
 `` i just do n't like the dishonesty . 
 that 's no way to treat people . '' 
 `` people do n't always treat each other good , '' said the driver , his eyes on the road . 
 kyrie 's father returned to his children , three daughters and two sons , of whom kyrie was the oldest . 
 their mother was not present . 
 she had been laid to rest a year earlier . 
 kyrie had hoped to raise money to buy the medicine she needed to live , but medicine has little power against the order of life and death . 
 the job that she had gotten at the bakery was a great blessing to her and her family , to be sure , but it could not save everyone . 
 aside from kyrie 's family and jaysynn , and the red-faced man who sat near the front of the bus , about a dozen others were on board , most of them young men . 
 they all were silent now . 
 they were like colorless clay sculptures of men -- flesh and blood , but without passion or investment or virtue until such a time as their fates would become apparent . 
 kyrie 's family looked at one another , but the young men on the bus , the men who had no families , stared out the windows at the rocks and trees . 
 and every once in a while the trees would part , and the view from the mountain trail would open up to miles and miles of open country . 
 a sea of trees . 
 and beyond the treetops , grassy plains . 
 and beyond the grass , far from the well at the center of falcon point , was desert . 
 life came from the wells . 
 it always had . 
 where there were no wells , there was no life , no vegetation . 
 now the wells were destroyed . 
 jaysynn and kyrie and the others took that lonely mountain trail to a farming camp . 
 they had work , which was a blessing , it was true . 
 but how long the crops would spring up from the ground in a land without magic , no one knew . 
 people were starving now for lack of work . 
 but perhaps a time was coming soon when all of lomara would starve . 
 the plants would wither , and soon nothing would be left but the desert dust . 
 so , without destinies , the passengers on the bus were silent , and they seldom twitched or moved . 
 at last the bus arrived at the gates of tarc 's camp . 
 through the chain link fence were rows of shoddy new buildings , all whitewashed , all identical in shape and size . 
 the ground around them was beaten raw by the footfalls of the workers -- so the bunkhouse village already looked like the desert had newly reached it . 
 this was visible to the passengers only through the towering fence , taller than any of the buildings in the whole camp and topped with razor wire . 
 the gate was a different matter . 
 on either side of it were concrete towers , and two watchmen were posted in each . 
 whether their job was to keep people in or out was not clear , but it was clear that all four of them were needed in order to open the gate . 
 it was a giant bi-fold door , built of metal scrapped from automobile chassis and then coated in black oxide paint . 
 the men climbed down from their towers and muscled the gate open , and when the bus was inside , they pulled it shut again and stood with their backs to it , facing the bus . 
 they wore short swords on their hips . 
 a dozen other men in charcoal black shirts and pants surrounded the bus , mostly unarmed , but a few carried batons . 
 one of the twelve wore a hat . 
 it was short-brimmed and dressy , but three bars were sewn onto it like it was some kind of military rank . 
 around his waist hung a cavalry sword . 
 he and the others formed a semicircle around the bus door and waited for the passengers to come out . 
 `` this is the tarc refugee camp , '' said the driver . 
 `` everyone off . '' 
 with a little hesitation , but otherwise without incident , the passengers filled the aisles and made their way out of the bus and onto the yard . 
 their feet kicked up dry dust when they met the ground . 
 one of the men pointed his baton toward a building across the yard , opposite the bunkhouse village . 
 `` head in that building across the way and we 'll get everybody sorted out , '' he said . 
 some of the young men were already shuffling that way when kyrie and her family and jaysynn got off the bus . 
 there was a little crabgrass growing around the building . 
 its boards were in good shape -- they were all new -- but it had been nailed together in a hurry . 
 the lines did n't seem quite straight . 
 the corners did n't match up quite right . 
 `` just across the way , '' the man said . 
 `` that 's town hall right there . '' 
 he smiled at the man with the hat , amused at his little joke . 
 the other man did n't smile back , but stared at jaysynn -- the stare that solves mysteries : every muscle on the man 's face was tense . 
 jaysynn hid his lips behind kyrie and whispered , `` one of these guys knows who i am . 
 he 's trying to remember . '' 
 `` let 's just go with the crowd , '' she said . 
 jaysynn went on , `` if word gets around that i 'm here , there could be trouble . '' 
 the young emperor walked in the middle of the crowd , trying to casually hide his face among the others , trying to stoop his shoulders and change his gait and make his expression blank , trying to look not like himself . 
 `` nobody recognized you , '' kyrie said when they were near the doorway of the main building . 
 `` they will , '' said jaysynn . 
 he and kyrie , along with her family and the other passengers , entered into the cool dark of the building . 
 little sunlight crept in through the windows , so most of the light in the crowded room came from oil lamps crudely cut from old tin coffee cans . 
 no one was in the room to greet them other than a few more guards who lined the walls . 
 the passengers began to murmur among themselves and to take note of the armed men in black who seemed to be their new masters . 
 their shirts were black as pitch , and in the poorly lit room they stood like shadows armed with sword and club . 
 though they gave the impression of a disciplined military , their shirts did n't match . 
 they had all been dyed the same deep black , but they were all a different cut . 
 whatever shirts these men happened to own became their uniforms when they fell under the reign of the head of the camp . 
 the tension grew for less than a minute when the guard with the hat tapped one of his men and pointed toward the front of the room . 
 the other guard saluted him and moved before the crowd . 
 his voice was shrill , and it soared above the grumble of the passengers : `` quiet . 
 tarc has a few words to say . 
 there are to be no interruptions when he speaks . '' 
 those words ushered in silence , and a big man came in from another room . 
 authority was in his bearing and in his blood , and in fact this man tarc was governor vac 's brother . 
 he walked like a wall of cloud : big and slow , but gripping the attention of everyone within twenty miles , because it was clear that somewhere in his being he carried the strength of a whirlwind . 
 `` welcome , '' he said , facing the small crowd . 
 his tone was as friendly as dirt . 
 `` you 're all here today because this world is dying , and this farm is not . 
 because outside those walls people are killing each other for bread , but in here , there is food for anyone who works . 
 you 're here for your own survival . 
 i 'm here for my survival . 
 in that way we 're very much alike . 
 the difference is this : my job is to make the rules that help keep us all alive , and your job is to follow those rules . 
 `` today i want to give you a brief overview of those rules . 
 if you do n't learn them today , that 's fine . 
 i have no problem with slow learners . 
 but understand that there will be consequences . 
 loss of eating privileges . 
 corporal punishment . 
 i do n't prescribe these things because i do n't like you -- i do it because i have found that these are the best ways to help slow learners . 
 if a dog does n't sit when you say ` sit , ' you strike it -- and this is an act of love . 
 `` you have seen a small portion of this camp . 
 the men 's village is just outside ; the women 's village is on the other side of the camp . 
 any man who thinks about sneaking over to the women 's camp , consider the fruit of your secret visit : that woman will have to toss her baby over the wall . 
 because in this camp no one -- absolutely no one -- who does not work will eat . 
 it does n't matter if they are little and cute . 
 it does n't matter if it 's your baby . 
 `` if any man is injured , he must work , because -- by the laws of survival -- we can not afford to feed him . 
 therefore , your safety is a great priority for you as well as for me . 
 anyone who puts himself at risk of injury will be punished . 
 i see a cripple in the crowd here . 
 it used to be that there were resources in this world to take care of people like you . 
 those resources are gone . 
 so now you will have to earn your survival day by day like the rest of us . 
 the same goes for the children . 
 `` no one is to leave the camp and no one is to go into the city without my express permission . 
 no one is to eat more than his fair share , and no one working with food or crops is allowed to eat anything . 
 if any man should steal , his rations will be garnished until the debt is paid twice over . 
 if he starves , we will call it justice . 
 `` now , as i 'm sure you can tell , you 're still alive . 
 your hearts are still pumping blood through your veins . 
 and that means that the world is n't over . 
 and life is n't over . 
 and the times will get better . 
 but for now things are going to be difficult . 
 you 're going to have to work -- and work hard . 
 and you 're going to have to follow rules that you wo n't like . 
 but the times will get better . 
 if we persevere . 
 if we work together . 
 is that understood ? '' 
 whether awed by tarc 's presence or terrified by his guards , all were silent . 
 `` very well then , '' said tarc . 
 `` my men will show you to your quarters . '' 
 `` wait , '' said the nervous man from the bus . 
 `` some of us were n't planning on staying here . '' 
 `` i do n't care about that , '' said tarc . 
 `` the bus driver ... '' `` i also do n't care what the bus driver said . 
 he lied . '' 
 `` what do you mean he lied ? '' 
 `` i paid him to lie , '' said tarc . 
 `` i paid him to get you all here without incident . '' 
 `` so we 're stuck here ? '' 
 said the man . 
 his face had turned a passionate red . 
 `` look -- we came here because remirion is supposed to be the land of the free . 
 and you 're saying we ca n't even leave the camp without your say-so ? 
 this is an atrocity of human rights . '' 
 tarc was unmoved . 
 `` my hands are clean on that matter , actually : you can thank the governor for that rule . 
 he 's declared a state of war , and no foreigner is allowed into the city . 
 if you were to leave , sir , there would be nowhere to go . 
 this is the only place on lomara where there is a home for you . '' 
 `` that 's a lie , too , '' said the man , pointing a finger . 
 `` just like you told the driver to lie , you 're lying to us . 
 there 's no state of war . 
 who is remirion at war with ? '' 
 `` with nobody in particular , '' said tarc . 
 `` but the governor suspects that the security of remirion -- or falcon point as we call it here -- is in jeopardy , and , frankly , only an idiot would disagree with him . 
 i 'm sure we 've got a few idiots in our employ , but they will find themselves utterly powerless to change the governor 's policies or mine . 
 as i said , the times will get better . 
 stability will return eventually , and this restriction will be lifted as soon as possible . '' 
 the man focused a hot stare at tarc . 
 `` this is inhuman . 
 foreigners are n't allowed in your city . 
 so you make them into slaves . '' 
 tarc turned to the guard who had announced his coming . 
 he spoke loud enough for everyone in the room to hear : `` give him the idiot treatment . '' 
 the man with the red face went on , `` i thought remirion -- falcon point -- stood for justice and equality ! 
 i thought this was the great bastion of freedom in the modern world . '' 
 a rod struck him in the forehead . 
 the bright red of his face gushed out into a puddle on the floor and his body collapsed , knocked unconscious by the blow . 
 the other passengers grew defensive . 
 some grumbled to one another , others shouted at tarc and the guards . 
 kyrie 's father called him a monster . 
 one of her brothers told him to burn in barathrum . 
 jaysynn was quiet , desiring not to be recognized . 
 but tarc 's voice was powerful enough to squelch them all , and his stance was as bold as governor vac 's had been when he faced the mob . 
 they were similar men with a similar build , but tarc was bigger , and not so old . 
 `` you 're in a room full of armed guards who will cause you all the pain i want them to , '' he said . 
 `` and it 's lucky for you that i 'm a more generous man than you think i am , and that i do n't want them to raise a finger . '' 
 he paused to let them consider the possibility of his violence , and the possibility of his mercy . 
 `` you 'll be surprised at how quickly you learn the new rules , '' he said . 
 `` now , i 'm sure you 're eager to see your new quarters . '' 
 chapter 3 : the new miracles it was deep enough into spring that night on that broad mountain that the frogs came out of their hiding places to sing . 
 the katydids filled the night with their buzzing and whirring , and the cicadas , though fewest in number , where the loudest of all . 
 it would drive a person mad if it were n't so beautiful . 
 the blue darkness of night covered the camp , and the stars were big and bright . 
 they were brighter than they 'd been in over a century , now that there was no magic below , and no lights aside from fireflies and foxfire and a few torches and primitive oil lamps like the es in the town hall . 
 hard work makes the past matter less , kyrie thought as she lay down on her cot for her fourth night . 
 she did n't care that the world had ended . 
 she had worked hard . 
 she had eaten enough . 
 now she was lying in bed , more ready for sleep than she 'd ever been before . 
 she knew it was poison , what she was thinking . 
 she knew the past had to matter . 
 she knew that someone had to find the truth behind the cataclysm , had to see that justice was done , had to restore order in the world . 
 but she also knew she did n't care , did n't have the strength to worry . 
 she was powerless to change the world , and that was fine . 
 it felt good , laying her head on the pillow and closing her eyes . 
 life was good , life was bad , and she was going to bed . 
 she started to dream even before she was unconscious : a man walked up to the window with a bird in his hands . 
 he opened his fingers , but the bird would n't fly . 
 he brought his hands up to encourage it , but it was dead . 
 so he threw it to her right where she lay , and it struck her in the face . 
 kyrie jerked her head back , and she was so close to wakefulness that she opened her eyes at once and saw a crumpled piece of paper next to her pillow . 
 since she shared her bunkhouse with seven other women , she uncrumpled it carefully so as not to wake any of them or catch their attention . 
 unfortunately , it was too dark to make out any of it , so she crept out of her bunk and made her way out the door so she could try to read it by moonlight . 
 the front door squeaked , but no one would be made suspicious at that -- women came and went throughout the night to go to the outhouse . 
 what they never did was uncrumple pieces of paper . 
 once outside , she walked a few paces from the door and held the note up to the light of the waning moon . 
 `` come outside , '' it said . 
 she wadded it back up again and started looking around . 
 she heard fingers snapping and followed the sound around the corner of the bunkhouse , to a deep black shadow , but no one was there . 
 she walked around the back of the bunkhouse and still saw no one . 
 but the shadow of a treetop just brushed the back wall , and its trunk paved a road of shade leading past the edge of the women 's village . 
 so , without any other hint , she headed toward the tree . 
 she got there and , finding no one , looked up into the boughs , but could n't see much of anything up there . 
 a whisper came from the fence , just loud enough to cut across a small cow pasture : `` over here . '' 
 kyrie followed and , once at the fence , again saw no one , but , finding a dip in the ground where she could n't be seen from far off , she squatted with her back to a fence post , listening closely for another sign . 
 `` it 's good to see you , '' said a voice -- softly spoken , but not a whisper . 
 staying low , she turned on her feet , and on the other side of the chain link was jaysynn , squatting so they were eye-to-eye . 
 before saying a word her eyes turned and ran across the top and bottom of the fence , looking for a tunnel below or a gap in the razor wire above . 
 `` how did you get out ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` do n't worry about it , '' jaysynn said . 
 `` it 's something i do well . 
 you would n't be able to get out the same way . '' 
 `` well , find another way , '' she said . 
 `` or get some tools and cut a hole in the fence . 
 right here . 
 i 'll know right where to find it , and no one will be able to see you . '' 
 jaysynn shook his head and gave a hint of a sigh . 
 `` no , look : i did n't come here to bust you out . 
 i just wanted to talk a little , see how you 're doing . '' 
 with those words , kyrie 's shoulders deflated -- not because her hopes of escape had been crushed , but because she remembered that just minutes ago she did n't want to escape . 
 she was as happy as she cared to be , and she was going to let somebody else worry about the world 's problems . 
 now she realized that those problems were jaysynn 's burden , and that he did n't care either . 
 `` are you going back to the men 's camp tonight ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` that 's where i 've got a bed , '' he said . 
 `` and elthor knows i could use the rest . '' 
 kyrie looked down at her hands , and jaysynn went on , `` i 've been hauling manure from one giant pile to another -- we 're taking it from outside a horse lot to a field where it 's gon na be spread . 
 some of the guys have wheelbarrows but there are n't enough to go around , and i 'm the new guy , you know . 
 i just partner up with somebody and we carry a big load of it on an old door . 
 i guess there 's a carpenter here who 's making wooden wheelbarrows , so i keep thinking i 'll get one , but they do n't hold up very well , so he 's got to keep repairing them and that means they do n't get built very fast . 
 how about you ? '' 
 `` oh , i do n't know , '' she said . 
 `` i mean what have they had you doing ? '' 
 `` pulling weeds , '' she said . 
 `` yeah ? 
 like in a garden ? '' 
 `` no . 
 it 's a field . 
 it 's huge , but we 've got to do it all by hand . '' 
 `` how about your sisters ? '' 
 jaysynn asked . 
 `` we 're all working together . 
 they 're doing well . 
 it 's tough on them , working hard all day in the sun , but i think they 'll ... '' jaysynn shrugged , waiting for her to finish . 
 when she did n't , he ventured a guess : `` you think they 'll ... like it ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` they might . '' 
 `` yeah ... . '' 
 jaysynn waited for her to say more , or to ask about the men in her family . 
 when she did n't , he offered it up : `` i 'm not working with your brothers . 
 they 're picking stones out of pastures and stuff like that . 
 the guy that works with them seems really good with kids . 
 and your dad is holding up okay . 
 he 's ... '' jaysynn cleared his throat . 
 `` hey . 
 is there something wrong ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' said kyrie . 
 `` we 've been here not even four days and we 're already okay with it . 
 i mean , this is slavery , right ? 
 is n't that what it is ? '' 
 they listened to the frogs for a minute . 
 `` last night i went into the city , '' jaysynn said . 
 `` there 's a lot of damage , you know . 
 the well looks the same as ours . 
 some of the buildings are in bad shape , some are okay . 
 it looks like there 's been a lot of looting and vandalism . 
 but they are in better shape than thyrion . 
 there 's no doubt about that . 
 but it does n't change the fact that ... all the jobs disappeared overnight . 
 their economy was all mines and factories , and all their equipment is just dead . 
 people are scared , and a lot of them are hungry . 
 and i do n't have the royal pantry to share from . 
 i wish i could help , but there 's nothing i can do . 
 `` now , i think it 's pretty selfish of remirion to not let refugees in the city , but i can see why they 've got that policy . 
 if we were in the city , we would just be two more mouths combing the same garbage cans for food . 
 frankly , as long as things outside are running the way they are , we 're better off in here . '' 
 `` but should n't we be doing something to solve the problem ? '' 
 kyrie said , the tension of tears climbing her throat . 
 `` we 're making food , '' said jaysynn . 
 `` there are a lot of things people need right now , but if they do n't eat , nothing else matters . '' 
 kyrie did n't look at him . 
 she breathed deeply once and then again . 
 then she said , gazing past him and beyond the trees on the outside of the fence , `` what do you think is your purpose in life ? '' 
 `` to live another day . '' 
 jaysynn let out a quick burst of laughter , but it was nervous and feeble . 
 kyrie shook her head and he answered again : `` my purpose is to help others by doing the best i can with what i 've got . 
 right now my purpose is to make sure there 's manure ready to spread so the fields will make a little better yield and a few more people will get to eat . '' 
 `` that 's the emperor 's purpose ? '' 
 she said , angrily . 
 `` that 's the watchman 's purpose ? '' 
 `` look , '' said jaysynn . 
 `` when we first got here i was worried people would know who i was , and a lot of people recognized me -- i know they did . 
 i got to thinking about that and i do n't know why i was worried . 
 there is no emperor . 
 there 's no royal family . 
 there 's no thyrion . 
 there 's no nothing . '' 
 `` there 's no nothing ? '' 
 kyrie said . 
 `` well , i think you 're wrong about that . '' 
 `` oh , '' said jaysynn playfully . 
 `` so you think there 's not no nothing ? '' 
 `` i 'm being serious , '' she said , and crossed her arms . 
 jaysynn said nothing , but waited for her to calm down , for her shoulders to drop a little , and for her eyes to gaze up at the moon . 
 `` some of the women in the camp ... '' she said , `` they say elethem is at work . '' 
 `` elthor , you mean , '' jaysnn corrected her . 
 `` no , '' she said , still looking up . 
 `` elthor is just a token of religion , they say . 
 elthor is the god that made thyrians better than everyone else . 
 they say he blew up two weeks ago and there 's nothing left but a hole in the ground . '' 
 `` hmm , '' said jaysynn . 
 `` i wish i could argue ... . '' 
 `` but they say there 's something bigger at work , '' kyrie went on . 
 something that makes elthor and thyrion and everything else look like a joke . 
 they say elethem saw how proud people got and he kind of started to laugh , and one little chuckle sent cracks through the land and toppled skyscrapers and blasted the wells to pieces . 
 i do n't know much about that . 
 i mean i do n't know if all this destruction is really for the good . 
 but i do know that there 's miracles going on . 
 `` before we got here one of the women got her foot run over by a cart -- the cart slipped back down a hill when she was taking a sack of grain off of it . 
 everybody heard it crunch . 
 she cried and said it was smashed to pieces , and blood soaked through her socks and shoes in no more than a second . 
 so they put her on a table and gave her a piece of wood to bite on while they took her shoe off . 
 and when they got it off , there was n't even a bruise . 
 no broken bones , not a break in the skin . 
 after they washed the blood away , all they saw was a nice , clean foot . 
 and since we 've been here there was an older woman who was really sick but they made her keep working . 
 well one day she ... '' `` those days are over , '' jaysynn said . 
 `` it 's easy to think that we see something like that -- some trace of magic -- just because we ca n't make sense of the world without it . 
 we expect it . 
 but the age of magic is gone . '' 
 `` okay , '' said kyrie . 
 `` then how did you survive when you fell out of the hall of records ? 
 why did n't dracon or his men find you ? '' 
 `` i got lucky , '' jaysynn said . 
 `` i landed in a weird place . 
 like this place right here : nobody can see us unless they come close . 
 or maybe dracon kept them away so they would n't know what he 'd done . '' 
 `` jaysynn , '' kyrie wrapped her fingers around a link in the fence . 
 `` you landed on the sidewalk . 
 nobody could have ordered them not to see you . 
 you were safe because there was magic . 
 i could feel it . '' 
 `` what -- so you were lying in bed thinking about me and you got some magic feeling ? '' 
 jaysynn stood . 
 `` that 's not a miracle , '' he said . 
 `` that 's just a dreamy little girl . '' 
 kyrie did not stand with jaysynn . 
 she was still squatting in the pasture , and her head was low . 
 `` i was there , '' she said . 
 `` i was at the hall of records . 
 i saw you fall . '' 
 `` how did you know i was there ? '' 
 `` you told me that 's where you were going . 
 so i went as quick as i could . 
 when i heard the window break and i saw the body falling , i knew it was you . 
 when you hit the ground , you put a crack in the pavement . 
 i thought you were dead . 
 but in an instant i knew that some miracle had protected you . 
 the guards saw it too , and they rushed to the place where you 'd landed , and they stood right over the top of you , but they could n't find you . 
 dracon was yelling from the window , ` where did he go ? 
 find him ! ' 
 and i could see you plain as day -- from twenty or thirty yards away . 
 and then i knew that if i left , they would be able to see you . 
 so i stayed until morning . 
 i stood over you and watched you -- and the guards wandered past , yelling for me to tell them where you crawled off to , unable to see . 
 i was hiding you . 
 but it was n't me . 
 it was a power bigger than me . 
 and the women in the camp say that it 's elethem . '' 
 `` i do n't know what happened that night , '' said jaysynn . 
 `` all i know is that the whole order of nature that made magic possible is gone . '' 
 `` it 's not -- it 's right in front of us . '' 
 jaysynn went on , `` and the whole order that made me emperor is gone -- and that made it possible for me to be the watchman . 
 it 's a world without bread . 
 a world without medicine . 
 this has been a tough pill for me to swallow . '' 
 jaysynn smiled at her . 
 `` it 's been kind of humbling , you know . 
 to see how powerless i am to change the world . '' 
 `` jaysynn , true humility is in acknowledging the truth that 's right in front of your face . 
 it 's in accepting your destiny rather than denying it . '' 
 `` i never had a destiny , '' jaysynn said . 
 `` even when i was prince . 
 my father knew it and dracon knew it . '' 
 kyrie shook her head . 
 `` but listen , '' jaysynn went on , not giving her a chance to speak up . 
 `` i 'm exhausted after spending most of last night running into falcon point and back . 
 we both need to get some sleep to keep our strength up . 
 you 've got a lot of weeds to pull in the morning and i 've got a lot of manure to haul . '' 
 kyrie gave him a disappointed look . 
 `` things will get better , '' he consoled her . 
 `` wow , '' she said , standing at last . 
 `` it did n't take you long to start parroting the boss man . 
 forget the fact that you 're the emperor of thyrion . 
 forget the fact that some miracle or some act of destiny for some reason kept you alive . 
 and just have a good night and have a good time carting manure around in the morning . '' 
 she walked away . 
 `` now hold on , '' jaysynn said , but she did n't turn back . 
 a chain link fence and a row of razor wire gleamed in the moonlight , and the cicadas made a terrible racket . 
 chapter 4 : `` we adapt '' a massive cottonwood stood just outside the fence and looked over the camp that night . 
 it dropped a thousand floating seeds , and also jaysynn hurtled down from its branches . 
 he rolled along the ground when he landed and sprang quickly to his feet , then ran like a rodent looking for cover until he made it to his bunkhouse . 
 there he closed his eyes and thought about how he was never going to fall asleep , kept awake by worrying that kyrie was upset , and that maybe she had been right to challenge him -- maybe he had accepted this place because that was easier than accepting his calling , his unexpected title . 
 but once in his bunk , he soon stopped turning in his bed and grew calm , and the worries of the long day washed away into blackness . 
 just then the door opened and the light of torches flooded the room . 
 jaysynn sat quickly upright . 
 the other men were slower to react . 
 they squinted and groaned . 
 half a dozen guards entered the room , and their leader straightened his hat and spoke up : `` he 's here now . '' 
 they surrounded jaysynn 's bunk and told him to get out of bed . 
 `` what 's this about ? '' 
 he said . 
 the same guard answered , `` do n't worry . 
 there 's no punishment here that 's so bad that you ca n't get up and work the next morning . '' 
 beyond that , jaysynn did n't ask any question or make any complaint . 
 he just leapt out of his top bunk . 
 his bare feet landed on the floor boards without making a sound : every inch of his body knew how to take a fall . 
 `` come along , '' said the leader . 
 two walked in front of him , two behind , and one on either side as they led him out the door , across the yard , and into the town hall . 
 this camp was far younger than the city of falcon point , and its headquarters was quite new compared to the old fort . 
 but in spite of its newness , it was not as comfortable as the castle in town . 
 nor was it as majestic , nor as beautiful . 
 it was n't as proud . 
 not as sturdy , not as strong . 
 it was n't even as stark . 
 it was just there . 
 practical . 
 and that only for the next few years . 
 an oil lamp sat on tarc 's desk and lit his face , its glow flickering off the lenses of his reading glasses . 
 a mass of papers was spread out in front of him , with a sheet or two in each hand . 
 he looked over his glasses to see his men with jaysynn in their custody . 
 `` welcome back captain mile , '' said tarc . 
 the guard with the hat , with the sword on his waist and the dagger-shaped lapel pin , brought his feet together and saluted . 
 `` i see you found him , '' tarc went on . 
 he looked back down at his papers and asked , `` did you give him a warning ? '' 
 `` no sir , '' said the captain . 
 `` we thought you would want ... '' `` do n't you think you should give him a warning ? '' 
 said the boss . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 captain mile bowed his head dutifully . 
 while tarc checked over the numbers scribbled down in front of him , the captain held his hand out toward one of his guards , who laid his baton in his open palm . 
 captain mile raised the baton and took a swing at jaysynn 's head . 
 jaysynn instinctively stepped back , but the guards behind him prevented his movement . 
 he held up an arm to block the blow , and the blow sent a tingle from his fingers to his shoulder . 
 the guards then grabbed jaysynn . 
 he realized that struggle would get him nowhere , so he did not resist . 
 instead , with his arms chicken-winged behind his back , he readied himself to receive the blow . 
 captain mile handed the baton back to his subordinate and patted jaysynn on the cheek with his bare hand . 
 `` relax , '' he said . 
 `` just a warning . 
 just something to get you thinking . '' 
 the other guards released him . 
 `` that 's enough , '' tarc said . 
 `` leave us alone . '' 
 and the room was soon empty except for jaysynn and the man at the desk . 
 he laid down his papers and placed his reading glasses gently on the top of the mess . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` um ... elric , '' said jaysynn . 
 `` sorry about your arm ... elric , '' said tarc . 
 jaysynn looked down at his arm and back at tarc , but said nothing . 
 `` those guys are just the same as you -- just people that came here on the bus . 
 well , most of them have been with me for a few years , but they were still the same : people trying to get away from a life that was n't working out . 
 my operation was quite a bit different before the cataclysm , of course , but i still tried to get the most good out of all my employees . 
 some of these guys worked a couple days in the fields and then started picking fights . 
 they just were n't happy unless they were brawling . 
 so i decided that i would let ` em do what makes ` em happy -- and i would make it work to my purpose . 
 since i let one of them take a shot at you and five of them hold you down to show off how manly they all are , they 'll be satisfied for a week . 
 if i had n't let them do that , well then they would go pick a fight with somebody who did n't do nothing wrong . 
 see , when somebody is too violent , that 's an easy problem to take care of -- not only to solve it , but to utilize it . 
 but i get the feeling you 're a bigger problem than that . 
 you 're a rule-breaker of the worst kind , would you agree ? '' 
 `` no , sir , '' said jaysynn . 
 `` you left your bunk at night for an unsanctioned reason . 
 you left the camp . 
 i am probably correct in assuming that you went into the city -- which is not only against the rules of this camp but also the laws of the city . 
 i am also reasonably certain that you 've been in the women 's camp to see the girl that you were travelling with . '' 
 `` i 've not broken the spirit of any of the rules of this camp or of the city of remirion . '' 
 `` and that 's just it , '' said tarc , leaning forward now with an elbow on his desk and a finger pointed at jaysynn . 
 `` it 's not the place of a farmhand to decide which rules apply to him and which ones do n't . 
 that makes you the worst kind of rule-breaker and the most dangerous kind of employee . '' 
 jaysynn stood almost at attention , not in deference to tarc 's authority , but because that posture was the surest way to keep his emotions out of the room . 
 `` you 've made your point , sir . '' 
 `` not quite , '' said tarc . 
 he paused for a minute . 
 he leaned back in his chair with arms crossed . 
 `` do you know what a rule-breaker is ? '' 
 `` you tell me , sir , '' said jaysynn . 
 `` a rule-breaker is a visionary . 
 and ... '' he shrugged and went on , `` depending on what type of visionary he is , he either accomplishes great things or he gets his head cut off . 
 now , i 'm a rule-breaker myself . 
 do you know what rules i 'm breaking ? 
 `` you 're stripping men and women of their freedoms for your own benefit . '' 
 tarc smiled . 
 `` well said . '' 
 he leaned forward again and went on , speaking quickly and directly , `` but you 're soft pedaling : i 'm running a damn slave camp . 
 i 'm paying people nothing but their daily bread . 
 and i 'm using their labor to establish businesses that will all be running strong when this city gets back on its feet . 
 i 'm using this catastrophe -- and the suffering and desperation it 's created -- to get ahead . 
 two weeks ago if you 'd told me about someone doing what i 'm doing now , i 'd say to cut his head off . 
 but today i 'm the biggest humanitarian on the whole mountainside . 
 i changed the rules . 
 that 's how we falconers live : we change the rules , or the rules change on their own , and we adapt . 
 now , from one rule-breaker to another , i ask you : what is your vision ? '' 
 `` i do n't have a vision , '' jaysynn said . 
 `` i do n't like dancing around to get a question answered , '' said tarc . 
 `` you snuck out of the camp and you went to the city . 
 think about it a minute and then tell me clearly what you were doing or what you were looking for , or you 're going to be one of those rule-breakers that loses his head . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' said jaysynn . 
 `` i wanted to see what it was really like . 
 what the problems were , if there was work for the people , if there was food . '' 
 `` you thought i was lying -- you thought you 'd be better off there than here ? 
 is that it ? '' 
 `` no , '' said jaysynn . 
 `` i just wanted to know what kind of trouble there was , and if there was a way for people to make it out of it . '' 
 `` so you 're some kind of bleeding heart , then ? 
 or are you looking for lost sheep so you can be a shepherd ? 
 you want to lead ? '' 
 `` i do n't know if i want to lead , '' jaysynn said . 
 his posture slackened a little . 
 `` i know i want to help the people that are suffering . '' 
 tarc nodded . 
 his posture , too , grew a little less tense . 
 he had spoken honestly before , but it was a businesslike honesty . 
 now his voice was less terse , almost rich : `` the only thing to do for people is lead them , '' he said . 
 `` that 's the only help . 
 that 's what they want . 
 they used to say to give people hope . 
 give them a sense of self-worth . 
 give them education . 
 give them love . 
 whatever . 
 anyway , that 's all yesterday 's bullshit now . 
 give them a leader . 
 that 's all there is now . 
 are you that kind of visionary ? '' 
 the flame on the oil lamp flickered . 
 the room was not bright , it could hardly have been bright enough for tarc to read his paperwork . 
 and here he was , staying up through the night watches to see if jaysynn was a leader . 
 `` why are you asking me this when i jumped your fence ? '' 
 jaysynn asked . 
 `` i do n't know , '' said tarc , still with his new , warm voice . 
 `` you 've got the shoulders of a leader . 
 you 're a military man , i 'm guessing . 
 we found a thyrian military knife in your gear -- and you were tracing . 
 that 's who we 're at war with , by the way . 
 or that 's who we think we 're at war with . '' 
 `` and still you 're asking me to be a leader ? '' 
 `` you came back , '' said tarc with a shrug . 
 `` if you were trying to infiltrate the city , which is what the governor is so afraid of , you would have stayed there . '' 
 `` what if i 'm trying to infiltrate the camp and sabotage the food supply ? '' 
 `` then you would n't have needed to see the city for yourself , and you would n't have blown your cover just a few days after arriving . 
 look , i told you i 'm a rule-breaker . 
 you were thyrian military . 
 i do n't care . 
 now you 're a refugee . 
 you abandoned a life that was n't working out . 
 if you 're some kind of radical , i want you on my side and not against me . 
 that 's all there is to it . 
 now are you a leader ? '' 
 jaysynn thought back to his talk with kyrie earlier that night . 
 if she saw him now , she might think he was making a deal with the devil . 
 but she would still want him to say yes , that he was a leader ; he was made for bigger things than grunt work . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he said . 
 `` i think i could be . '' 
 tarc 's warmth passed instantly . 
 `` well , do n't think about it . 
 just do it . '' 
 `` what are you looking for , exactly ? '' 
 jaysynn asked . 
 tarc stood . 
 `` i told you i 'm trying to start businesses here . '' 
 he started pacing around the room . 
 `` i do n't have any grain in the fields , but i 've got a little stored , and my boys found a lot of ground barley near an abandoned mill -- they 'll start shipping it in first thing in the morning . 
 i 'd like to take over operations of the mill and i 'd like to start a bakery . 
 those are a couple options . 
 you know anything about baking ? '' 
 `` not really , '' jaysynn answered . 
 `` well , a little . 
 and there 's a girl i want working for me . '' 
 `` alright , then it will be all women . 
 and you 're not going to lay a finger on any of them . '' 
 `` right , fine . 
 i was n't planning on it . '' 
 tarc wheeled around and tipped his head toward jaysynn . 
 `` i did n't ask about your plans , '' he said . 
 `` do n't do it . '' 
 jaysynn told him who the girl was , and tarc told him what needed to be built and when . 
 but they spared the details . 
 `` and what did you say your name was again ? '' 
 tarc asked abruptly during their discussion . 
 `` um ... elric , '' said jaysynn . 
 `` well , elric . 
 come see me in the morning . 
 i 'll hook you up with a special projects man who will help you get things rolling . 
 for now , you need to get to bed . '' 
 jaysynn took a breath , relieved that the night was over , yet disappointed that it had to come to an end . 
 he had the energy of a young visionary , but the exhaustion that came with far too little sleep , from being pulled out of bed , from staying up to talk to kyrie , from running into falcon point the night before . 
 it was adding up . 
 yet plans would run through his head all night : he would have a terrible time falling asleep . 
 `` yes , sir , '' he said in deference . 
 `` have a good night . '' 
 tarc nodded to him , and jaysynn left the room shortly after , captain mile returned . 
 he had circled the building as soon as he left and had been waiting in the back room . 
 `` well ? '' 
 he said . 
 tarc walked back to his desk and took a seat . 
 he picked up his reading glasses and put them on , slowly and deliberately , then adjusted the bridge so it sat on just the right ridge in his nose . 
 `` that was him , '' said tarc . 
 `` should we send word to your brother ? '' 
 said the captain . 
 `` why ? '' 
 said tarc , looking down at his papers . 
 `` he would just have him killed . 
 but i 'll get some good work out of him . 
 a good leader is worth more than a decent bounty . '' 
 the guard stepped around the corner of tarc 's desk , close to his side , and softened his voice : `` what about the others ? '' 
 `` the others ? '' 
 tarc asked , looking up from his work . 
 captain mile swallowed his spit . 
 `` should we tell them ? '' 
 tarc stood . 
 he was a large man , and physically powerful , with a spirit even bigger and darker than his body . 
 `` do n't ever speak of the others , '' he said , his voice quiet but fierce . 
 `` not to me , not to any other man alive . 
 if i want them to know anything , i will think of it without any help from you . '' 
 he looked over his reading glasses and into the guard 's eyes . 
 `` do i make myself clear ? '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' said the captain . 
 `` it 's just that there is a substantial reward for ... '' tarc raised his fist and struck the guard in the side of the head . 
 the man fell at once to the floor and clutched his ear , blood spilling out from between his fingers . 
 his hat rolled across the floor in a half-circle and fell over , bottom up . 
 `` do i make myself clear ? '' 
 tarc asked . 
 `` very clear . '' 
 `` good , '' said tarc . 
 `` i 'll get you something for your head . '' 
 he went into an adjoining room and soon returned with two towels . 
 the captain was still on the floor , and still a little dazed . 
 `` there 's one for your wound , '' said tarc , throwing him a towel . 
 `` and here 's one for the floor . '' 
 he made his way back to his chair , readjusted his glasses , and pored over his notes while his captain held a towel on his ear and wiped the floor of the town hall clean of his own blood . 
 chapter 5 : kings are laid low the next morning soft sunlight spilled in through the windows of town hall , across the planks in the floor and across the array of papers on the desk . 
 the oil lamp was smoldering . 
 and tarc was slouching in his chair , his eyes closed behind his glasses and his mouth hanging open . 
 his lungs were so big and his breathing so slow and deep that the back of his chair rocked and squeaked with every breath . 
 when a knock came at the door he sat up with a start . 
 `` come in , '' he said , wiping his chin dry with the back of his hand . 
 jaysynn walked in the door . 
 `` you said i was to report here this morning . '' 
 `` that 's right , '' said tarc . 
 `` the special projects man should be here soon . 
 what time is it anyway ? '' 
 tarc leaned back to look out the window as jaysynn answered . 
 `` about a quarter till seven , i suppose . 
 are you alright ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' said tarc . 
 he lifted at his glasses to rub at his eyes , and then looked down to notice a spot of drool on his lapel . 
 `` and yourself ? '' 
 made over by sleep deprivation , jaysynn looked ten years older and wearier . 
 `` i 'm ready to get moving , '' he said . 
 `` good , '' said tarc , tiredly . 
 `` that 's what i like to hear . '' 
 he brushed at the damp spot on his clothes and then cleared his throat . 
 `` listen , elric . '' 
 he had switched into friendly mode . 
 `` as one rule-breaker to another , let me tell you , your life is in danger all the time ... . 
 and if you wake up , say , tomorrow morning , and everything is not what you wanted it to be , just ... take note that you 're alive . 
 be thankful for it . '' 
 jaysynn stood not far inside the doorway with a questioning gaze . 
 `` are you trying to tell me something ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` nothing in particular , '' said tarc with a slow shaking of the head . 
 `` just some general advice . '' 
 jaysynn took a deep breath . 
 `` do you know who i am , sir ? '' 
 `` yes , '' tarc said . 
 jaysynn exhaled . 
 his shoulders fell . 
 `` you 're the man who 's going to start my bakery , '' tarc went on . 
 `` as for who you were yesterday ... '' he tapped his pointer finger on his chest , `` i do n't care . '' 
 jaysynn nodded thoughtfully . 
 `` i get the feeling there 's something you 're not telling me . '' 
 `` dammit . 
 if i had more to say i would have said it . 
 now shut up and take a seat until the projects man shows up . '' 
 jaysynn moved toward a chair against the wall , but before he was in it another man came in the door . 
 he was young , energetic , with the enthusiasm of a salesman , and carried a binder of papers that appeared to be much more organized than anything within tarc 's reach . 
 `` you must be elric , '' he said , shaking jaysynn 's hand . 
 `` i 'm martynn . 
 today we 'll be taking a look at the site where the bakery will be built and talking about its size , its layout , and the equipment you 'll need . '' 
 tarc stood and said , `` if you need me i 'll be in the back room . '' 
 `` you look like you could use it , '' said martynn cordially . 
 he turned back to jaysynn and went on : `` i understand you have someone you want working with you . 
 should we consult her about the building details ? '' 
 `` yes , '' said jaysynn . 
 `` she will know more about it than me . '' 
 the door shut behind tarc , and martynn 's voice grew quiet and his face , which had so far been a fashionable smile , turned suspicious . 
 he glanced about with his brow drawn tight and tension in his cheeks . 
 `` now that he 's out of the room , '' he said , `` there 's a message i was asked to deliver to you -- from one of the higher-ups . 
 he says , ` i can take you back where you belong . 
 meet me tomorrow night under the branches of the cottonwood . 
 elthor ... elthor be praised . ' 
 that 's what he said . 
 he did n't tell me another word . 
 i even asked if you would know what all that meant , and he just said it was nice weather and walked away . 
 and that 's fine with me . 
 i do n't want to know about any secrets that might get me in trouble . 
 tomorrow night under the cottonwood . 
 that 's what he said . '' 
 he became loud and happy once again . 
 `` now let 's find your helper so we can start laying out this building , what do you say ? '' 
 so far this morning jaysynn had been told that he might wake up somewhere strange tomorrow , and that in two nights he should meet with , apparently , someone who would take him back to thyrion . 
 his enthusiasm toward the project was dwindling . 
 he wanted now to get caught up in the intrigue , to figure out what was at play behind the scenes , but found he was too exhausted for all that . 
 they did n't seem like personal problems : they seemed political . 
 they seemed imperial . 
 he did n't have the strength to care . 
 so he looked at the day ahead as a day of labor , and followed the project man to the work site . 
 martynn 's notes told him right where to find kyrie , who was excited to hear the news that she and jaysynn would be running a bakery . 
 they spent much of the rest of the day on a grassy knob , the future building site , making drawings and laying out walls by stretching ropes across the ground . 
 at the end of the day they went back to the town hall , where martynn turned over the final drawings to tarc . 
 he also took a short stack of books from one of the other rooms and handed them to jaysynn . 
 `` we do n't have much of a library , '' martynn said , `` but we 've gotten our hands on a few pieces of practical literature . 
 this is everything we have on site that talks about large-scale baking . 
 you 'll do some unskilled construction work until this thing is built , but you 'll also have a little time to study . 
 good luck . 
 i 'll be in touch . '' 
 martynn left and jaysynn and tarc remained in the building . 
 the light coming through the windows now was indirect , the soft light of late evening . 
 `` have a good night , sir , '' jaysynn said as he reached for the door , holding his stack of books in one arm . 
 `` oh , yes , '' said tarc . 
 `` of course . 
 um ... thank you . '' 
 jaysynn turned the knob , but waited for tarc to say something more , but he was absorbed in his work , blotting names out of his books and adding other names . 
 a gentle push , the door was opened . 
 jaysynn walked across the dust and to his bunkhouse . 
 he was beaten by the day and by the last two nights . 
 but just as tarc had worked himself to exhaustion the night before , had sacrificed true rest for the camp at his command , and had at last fallen asleep in his office chair , so jaysynn labored over his bakery . 
 it was a little thing , a paltry responsibility compared to what kyrie believed was his true purpose . 
 but somehow he found he could care about a little thing more than a big one . 
 so , ready for sleep as he was , he picked up one of the books that martynn had handed him and read about oven temperatures until the words drifted into space . 
 the moon rose and the last traces of light disappeared from the room , and at last he fell asleep . 
 he began to dream . 
 a crown was laid on his head , and he was seated on a throne , and a man clad in black pulled the throne from under him and set it ablaze . 
 he ran , still wearing his crown . 
 then a man with a whip for a tongue made him stick his head in an oven to fetch out a loaf of bread . 
 his robes burned and he had the dress of beggars , but the crown , unblackened by the flames , was still upon his head . 
 then men seized him and struck him and spit upon him and threw him in a cage . 
 he became a silhouette , curled up like a fetus , but the crown was of dazzling gold . 
 `` he 's the one , '' a voice called out . 
 jaysynn sat up in his bed to see the room flooding with armed men , men with swords on their hips and torches in their hands . 
 `` what 's this about ? '' 
 jaysynn asked , sweat beading on his forehead . 
 `` you 're being transferred , '' said one of the men . 
 they grabbed him by the arms and pulled him out of the bunk , dragging his feet across the floor for a few feet before he could react and walk in pace with them . 
 soon the intruders were out of the room , their light vanished with them , and the other men in the bunkhouse shut their eyes again and returned to the delights of a good sleep after a hard day 's work . 
 once outside the bunkhouse , the men drove jaysynn to the ground and held his face against the dirt . 
 they then tied his arms behind him and told him he was either going to go on a long march , or he was going to get dragged for ten miles . 
 then they stood him up and their feet started moving -- and his , too . 
 the gate at the entrance to tarc 's camp was open , and when these men were through it the guards stationed in the towers pulled it shut again . 
 `` where are you taking me ? '' 
 jaysynn demanded . 
 the answer to his question was a fist to his gut . 
 he fell to his knees . 
 the torchlight blurred together with the darkness and with the outlines of the men . 
 one of them spoke , but jaysynn could n't see or feel who it was . 
 `` that was your one warning . 
 every time you speak , a rib is going to break . '' 
 the men pulled him to his feet again . 
 they held him in the air by his arms and carried him along , dragging his feet along the ground , until he began to walk again on his own . 
 his legs were weak from the blow , but he fought to keep up with the pace they set . 
 the warning was well taken , and for the remainder of the hike , not a sound was heard except for the huffing of a dozen soldiers on a fast-tempo march . 
 they extinguished all but one of their torches as well , so very little was seen either . 
 the moon , which grew smaller each night , cast little light on their path : the tree roots at their feet were hidden in shade and the stones before them were invisible obstacles . 
 the camp was on something of a plateau , but the further they got from it the rougher the terrain became -- yet jaysynn 's captors slowed their pace for nothing . 
 one of them stumbled when he ran the front of his foot into a stone . 
 he cried out and then laughed . 
 `` our feet will all be bloody tonight , '' he said . 
 it was not a joke that this man was sharing with his friends . 
 he had said it for jaysynn 's sake , to cut the young man to the heart . 
 it is easy to forget about pain , and this man wanted to remind him of it . 
 it is easy for the mind and body to grow numb and suffer no more . 
 after six miles or so into their trip , jaysynn 's feet were miserable . 
 they 'd been crashing into rocks for a couple hours now . 
 and now he remembered their terrible pain . 
 and thinking of the pain in his feet made him realize how badly his legs burned , how much his side stung , and how heavy were his lungs . 
 he was reminded , too , that his body was still sore from his run into falcon point two nights ago , and that his body had not slept well for three days . 
 and that all of his pains were magnified by the fact that his arms were bound . 
 his shoulders ached from it , but also his whole movement was thrown off , making the work that much harder . 
 the thought of his aching body reminded him how much worse off he would be with a broken rib , so he kept his mouth shut and pushed on . 
 soon they reached a road , and it quickly led them into the edges of a city , of falcon point . 
 they passed through the board homes , even shoddier than the bunkhouses in the camp . 
 as they walked on , the homes grew bigger and their materials stronger and straighter . 
 at last their march led them past the buildings of brick and mortar and of hewn stone . 
 they did not rest until they had come into the old fort , climbed the stairs , and arrived at a closed door where two more guards were posted . 
 `` the prisoner is here , '' one of the guards called out as he knocked on the door . 
 the knob turned and the door opened . 
 the man who had done it stayed out of sight behind the door , so what was revealed to jaysynn and the guards was a big room , a long desk , and a broad man . 
 this man stood up , held out a hand cordially to his visitors , and greeted them , `` jaysynn kyzer , emperor of thyrion -- welcome to the arms of your enemy . '' 
 `` tarc ? '' 
 jaysynn asked . 
 `` not at all , '' said the man . 
 `` i 'm vac -- governor vac . 
 tarc and i are both the spitting image of our father . 
 but you will find we 're two very different people . 
 for example , he thought a person 's past did n't matter -- that he could utilize anyone . 
 i , on the other hand , think that people should hang for the crimes they committed yesterday , or ten years ago , or , say , two weeks ago . '' 
 `` i had nothing to do with the destruction of the wells , '' jaysynn said . 
 his arms were bound and his body was weary , but against all reason his stance was strong . 
 he was as bold as a non-select child challenging the heir of thyrion to a duel . 
 `` you were the youngest of thorynn 's sons , were you not ? '' 
 vac walked around the desk and leaned on the front of it . 
 `` you would n't ask if you did n't know . '' 
 vac nodded . 
 `` the last in line for the throne . '' 
 he stared at jaysynn and jaysynn stared back . 
 `` and in this great disaster , every single person that stood in your way died . 
 and you survived . 
 explain that . '' 
 jaysynn took two steps closer , anger in his eyes , but the guards grabbed him and threw him down . 
 they pressed his head against the floor and put the weight of their bodies through their knees and onto his legs and shoulders . 
 `` none of that , '' vac said , waving the guards away with a hand . 
 `` i trust you ran him hard . 
 there 's no need to beat him on top of that . '' 
 the guards looked up at him . 
 `` well , let him up . '' 
 they released him , and helped him to his feet at vac 's instruction . 
 `` now you may leave , '' vac told his guards . 
 `` but , sir -- '' `` you 've tied good knots . 
 you 've exhausted him . 
 coonhil will still be here . '' 
 vac 's heavy gaze was on the guards until their huddle around jaysynn broke up and they made their way to the door . 
 coonhil closed it behind them , and remained standing at the front edge of the room . 
 `` have a seat , '' vac told jaysynn , stretching his hand toward a chair off to the side of the desk . 
 jaysynn looked into the man 's face trying to read something in those dark eyes , that unshaven jaw , the gray lines in his hair . 
 `` you were taken out of bed to go on a ten mile hike , '' vac said . 
 `` take a seat . '' 
 jaysynn sat . 
 the governor patted his pockets until he found a pack of cigarettes and a lighter . 
 he lit one and took a draw with his eyes closed . 
 relaxation visibly spread through his face and his body . 
 `` i 'd offer you one , '' he said , `` but you do n't smoke , and it 's a lousy time to get hooked . '' 
 another puff . 
 `` you never got along with shar . 
 your favorite book is fields of sand . 
 you were never any good at math . '' 
 vac walked over toward his desk and he went on , `` you touch the tip of your nose whenever you 're about to sneeze . 
 when you walk , you always start with your right foot . 
 if given the opportunity to run , you will escape , because you 're an accomplished tracer . '' 
 `` what are these -- assassin 's notes ? '' 
 jaysynn asked . 
 vac opened his top desk drawer and produced a combat knife in a fine leather sheath . 
 `` when you arrived in my brother 's camp ... '' he held up the knife , `` this and a change of clothes is all you had in your pack . 
 it 's a thyrian military knife , is n't it ? '' 
 `` that 's right , '' said jaysynn . 
 `` but you were never in the thyrian military , were you ? '' 
 jaysynn took a deep breath . 
 he could see where these questions were leading , but had no way to change their course . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` then where did you get this knife ? '' 
 `` i had access to as many of those as i wanted , '' jaysynn said . 
 `` and i needed a knife . '' 
 vac put the knife back in the drawer . 
 he tapped his cigarette on the lip of the ash tray and walked back over to where jaysynn sat . 
 `` do n't lie to me about the things i already know , '' vac said . 
 `` it was a gift , '' jaysynn said . 
 `` from xander dracon . '' 
 `` who was a close friend of the family , '' jaysynn added . 
 `` and who personally trained you in the thyrian art of tracing . '' 
 vac was calm as he spoke . 
 there was no anger , no cruelty in his voice , not even a note of pride at having pinned jaysynn with the truth . 
 he went on , `` and that same xander dracon is now the head of state in thyrion . 
 he kept you alive with the promise of making you emperor . 
 that was his plan , and yours , too : to kill the whole world and rise to the top of the rubble . 
 but when it succeeded , he pushed you out . 
 you ran for your life . 
 what i want to know is , why did he do it ? '' 
 `` it sounds like your spies do n't have all their facts straight , '' jaysynn said . 
 he could feel vac setting traps for him , and knew he would get caught again if he were n't careful . 
 he could n't be sure of what to say or do , but his instincts were clear on one thing : he should lie . 
 `` dracon was never a part of any plan -- at least not that he shared with me . '' 
 `` then who ? 
 your father ? '' 
 `` no , '' said jaysynn . 
 `` then do you deny the possibility that established leaders in thyrion had anything to do with the cataclysm ? '' 
 jaysynn thought for a second , careful to find the answer that would tell the governor nothing . 
 `` i think i would know something about it if that were the case , '' he said . 
 vac nodded to himself in thought . 
 `` i do n't know what i expected from a house of liars , '' he said . 
 jaysynn gave no reply . 
 `` the only reason falcon point has fared as well as it has is because we never trusted your family or your empire . 
 and now here i am trying to get truth out of you . '' 
 he wanted to give a speech , but he wanted to do it slowly . 
 he straightened his back a little and peered about the room , at the pictures hanging on the wall , the past leaders of falcon point . 
 `` do you know why so many of my guards have swords ? '' 
 he asked . 
 jaysynn said nothing , but stared up at him from his seat . 
 with a glance , vac could see the anger in the young man 's eyes , and he knew that jaysynn was waiting for another trap , another lie , another carefully calculated piece of manipulation . 
 but governor vac went on , each man trying to outmaneuver the other 's mind : `` it 's because we saw the theories coming out of jalseion . 
 instability in magic . 
 mutability of the substance . 
 we saw the new experiments . 
 the explosion of isolated magic samples . 
 this was n't possible ten years ago . 
 now it was happening by mistake as the great scientists of the day pioneered new ways of manipulating the lifeblood of the world . 
 `` so my men and i got together and said , ` what if people develop a way of building a bomb out of magic ? ' 
 and we spread a little propaganda around the city , encouraging responsible citizens to dig bomb shelters and stock them with food . 
 those that did are still eating today . 
 and we said , ` what if people develop a way of triggering these explosions -- of exploding batteries remotely ? 
 they could shut off our lights and shut down our factories and render our guns useless . ' 
 so we taught our people that the way to cherish the heritage of falcon point -- the heritage of the city of freedom -- was to buy swords to hang on their walls as decorations . 
 so we 've got good weapons all over the city . 
 and now the best methods of swordsmithing are lost , gone with the wells . 
 that puts us in a pretty good place if this cataclysm brings in a war -- or an age of wars . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you 're delighted that you can benefit from this , '' jaysynn said . 
 `` when the rules change , your highness , we adapt . '' 
 `` so you knew this was going to happen . '' 
 vac grabbed jaysynn by the shirt and lifted him to his feet . 
 he raised his voice for the first time : `` if i knew this was going to happen i 'd have followed your army all the way back to the heart of thyrion . 
 i 'd have killed your whole family to stop it . 
 i 'd have put your father 's head on a platter . '' 
 he pushed jaysynn back down into the chair . 
 `` did you know this was going to happen ? 
 that 's what i want to know . '' 
 jaysynn did not answer . 
 he turned his face away and pulled his eyes tightly closed . 
 his lips quivered . 
 vac 's palm struck him on the cheek and the sound of the slap echoed on the castle walls . 
 `` you damn crybaby , '' he said . 
 `` answer the question . '' 
 jaysynn gave no reply , and vac struck him again , and more silence followed . 
 coonhil took a few steps toward the center of the room and gave a polite reminder to the governor : `` his family is dead , sir . '' 
 vac backed away from the chair and brushed his upper legs off with his hands , as if he 'd gotten them dirty . 
 like his brother , he had a tone for business and a tone for sincerity . 
 `` right . 
 of course , '' he said , beginning to grow calm . 
 `` it 's easy to hate family . 
 everybody does . 
 you did . 
 but it 's hard to stop loving them . 
 it hurts to go through what you 've been through . 
 i 'm sorry , kid . 
 look , i do n't like you , but i 'm trying hard not to be a jackass . 
 i want to see justice , but your well is just as ruined as ours is . 
 and i guess i want revenge , but every looter and vandal on every street in every city in the whole world is already dishing that out . 
 the world is being wiped clean right now . 
 and who knows -- if people like you and me can keep our heads -- i mean if we can keep from getting killed -- then maybe we 'll live long enough to see , you know , a good life . 
 so just tell me this much : is thyrion planning to attack us ? '' 
 `` i would n't know anything about that , '' jaysynn said . 
 vac turned ferocious again in an instant . 
 he struck jaysynn once more and shouted , `` dammit . 
 do n't you realize i 've got spies that can tell me something as obvious as that ? 
 alright , get the guards back in here . '' 
 when coonhil opened the door the guards quickly filled the room and stood around jaysynn 's chair and seized him . 
 they lifted him to his feet , but vac held up a hand to stop them . 
 he looked jaysynn in the eye and said , `` i realize your life has probably been turned upside-down more than anybody else 's by this little disaster , so i understand that you do n't want to tell anything to the head of falcon point . 
 but listen -- what i want is simple : i want to protect my neighbors and my friends . 
 i want to protect the kids on my street . 
 to me , those are the people that need protected , not dead men like your father or tyrants like dracon . 
 and the more i know about the invaders -- the people who attack my city unprovoked -- the better i 'll be able to do that . 
 so i suggest you take our little cataclysm as an opportunity to reflect on your loyalties , and to consider whether i 'm really such an evil man -- and to consider whether it makes sense to help me save the lives of some of the innocent , everyday people out there . 
 if not , i promise i will take the blood of my people out on you . '' 
 he looked to his guards and snapped his fingers . 
 `` alright , i 'm done , '' he said . 
 `` bring his girlfriend in here . '' 
 then he turned to coonhill . 
 `` but you interrogate her . 
 my blood is bubbling and i do n't want to hit a woman . '' 
 chapter 6 : the new economy the administrators of falcon point did not waste lamps or torches on lighting their jail cells . 
 these had been strung up with lighting in the days of magic , and in fact laws dictated that prisoner 's cells had to be lit . 
 but now resources were simply too scarce . 
 laws had also dictated that prisoners be given daily access to showers , laundry facilities , and three meals a day . 
 that was a different time . 
 in the basement of the old fort , it became painfully clear how quickly the centuries had fallen away . 
 this was a medieval dungeon , and those who were unfortunate enough to be held here when the cataclysm struck withered with newfound neglect and malnourishment . 
 in a few more weeks , diseases would become established in this prison that would never leave , but would pass from one inmate to the next , claiming life after life for generation after generation . 
 soon every sentence would be death , not by hanging , by guillotine , by burning , or by stoning , but by starvation and sickness in a dark hole in the ground . 
 not that this new age would be more cruel . 
 it would simply lack the extravagant wealth required to run humane prisons . 
 the guards threw jaysynn into the dungeon underneath the old fort and left him on his hands and knees while they marched down the hall , carrying the torchlight away with them . 
 before getting to his feet , before reflecting on what he might do next , jaysynn worked to get his hands out from behind him , slipping them around his legs and under his feet while he lay on his back . 
 they were still bound , and he had little hope to undo the knots any time soon , but at least his hands were in front and not behind . 
 once the last traces of the guards ' torch vanished , jaysynn could see only blackness . 
 he felt his way around the room , running his fingers and the thick flesh of his palms along the cool rock floor and across the mortar lines until he found the wall . 
 he stood up and kept his hands against it , sliding his feet slowly along the floor looking for a bed . 
 but before his slinking toes found any piece of furniture , his hands found something in the wall . 
 a deep crack . 
 he could stick his fingers and half of his hand into it . 
 he traced it up and down . 
 it ran through the floor as well , but less prominently , and it was hidden from his feet in a line of mortar . 
 but on the wall it was broad and deep , and seemed to get only bigger as it ran up above his head , and above where his hands could reach . 
 and gradually , he was able to see it , to focus on this one line that was darker than the other shadows that covered the room . 
 he could see the shapes of the stones in the walls . 
 on looking around the room , he could even see a cot , and the bars of his cell , all nearly saturated in darkness . 
 with his eyes now , he followed the crack above his reach , and saw that it led to an opening in the wall . 
 not a hole , but a barred window . 
 the damage may have been hundreds of years old , but more than likely it was caused by a tremor at the time of the cataclysm . 
 maybe the guards were n't even aware of it , and maybe they had thrown jaysynn in a bad cell , in one that had a back door . 
 if so , jaysynn thought , it was incredible fortune . 
 a miracle , even . 
 `` okay , elthor , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll try it . '' 
 he stuck both his hands in the crack . 
 his palms faced out , putting pressure on the stone , as if he was going to pull the crack apart and make it wider . 
 but in reality that pressure was to hold his weight . 
 he worked his feet along the crack in a similar manner , and in no time he had scaled the wall to the height of the window , where he grabbed one of the bars and looked around . 
 outside his window was a graveyard where the first kings of falcon point lay beside the modern heads of state whose pictures lined vac 's office . 
 it was bordered with an iron fence on the far side , and on the other side of that fence was a great pit that used to be the remirian well . 
 jaysynn took the view in at a glance , mostly scouting out ways to stay hidden while running across the graveyard -- if he could get out . 
 but he turned his immediate attention to the window itself . 
 the crack had again found the mortar between stones , and one of the bars was set into that ancient cement . 
 the crack separated the walls from one of the bars , so it was entirely free at the bottom . 
 at the top , however , it was as secure as it had ever been . 
 it stuck into a hole drilled into one of the stones , and that hole had been sealed with mortar . 
 but , jaysynn thought , it might be possible to break it free from there . 
 since it was secure at the bottom , the builders might not have thought they needed to attach it as firmly at the top . 
 it was worth a shot . 
 so jaysynn let go of the bar he was holding and quickly grabbed onto the loose bar -- with both hands , because they were too tightly bound for him to hold two different bars . 
 he did not get the opportunity to twist the bar free , however . 
 the crack apparently extended above the window as well , and as soon as he grabbed the bar and held his weight by it , the stone above the window broke loose . 
 jaysynn fell backward from the window , and the stone came chasing after him . 
 he tried to take the fall smoothly , but without good use of his arms it was n't easy , and he still took a blow to the back of his ribcage when he hit the stone below . 
 the rock that fell just missed him , but it made a loud clap when it hit the ground . 
 jaysynn did n't know if there were any guards near enough to hear it -- he could n't see any torchlight -- but he knew he did n't have time to feel pain . 
 he quickly scaled the wall again , sucked in his lungs and squeezed through the gap in the middle of the remaining bars . 
 in his short glance across the graveyard he had memorized the steps he would take , and he followed them now , through trails of shadows cast by trees and towering monuments , until he was over the fence and in the well . 
 the edges of the well behind the graveyard were gently sloped , and he ran in deep enough so that his head was invisible beneath the edge of the burnt-out banks . 
 deeper in this well was a maze of cliffs and canyons , but jaysynn stayed near the edge , running just below the rim until he was away from the castle yard and in back of some old mansions which had more and bigger cracks than the old fort . 
 there he climbed out and spied on the graveyard , but no one stirred . 
 he waited for some time to see what kind of search operation might be coming for him , and as he waited he worked the knots , pulling with his teeth and scratching them against broken bricks along the edge of an alley until at last he was free . 
 then he pulled a piece of paper from his pocket , a rough sketch of a bread oven that kyrie had drawn for the projects man earlier that day , and that had wound up in his pocket after being passed among the three of them a number of times . 
 he climbed back into the well and found a charred piece of rock . 
 he scraped it along the surface of the paper until all the smoke was rubbed off the point , then found another rock to finish the job . 
 it was slow work , but his message was short : `` i am still here . '' 
 he folded those words inside the drawing and then ran back through the well to the graveyard fence , and through the graveyard to find kyrie 's cell . 
 he did n't know how he was going to find her , but caught sight of torchlight spilling out of one of the dungeon windows . 
 he ran up to it , and when he heard the footsteps of the guards and saw the light growing dimmer , he looked inside to see kyrie tied at the wrists and lying on the floor . 
 and he heard her sobbing . 
 he wanted to call out to her , to talk to her as he had snuck an illegal conversation with her in the camp . 
 but now the risks were too great . 
 he threw the note in the cell , just in front of her . 
 her hands were tied behind her back , and the light slipped quickly out of the room , so she would n't be able to read it until dawn , but the message was delivered , just the same . 
 in the dim light of a distant torch , jaysynn saw her head turn toward him , but he backed away from the window before they saw each other 's faces , leaving her in the ever-growing darkness of her cell . 
 he knew he had to go . 
 he could feel the night growing heavier . 
 he could feel his heart rate accelerating and his temperature rising . 
 as he backpedaled away from the window , a group of soldiers came around the corner and one of them yelled out , `` there he is ! '' 
 jaysynn took off running , and the men were after him , running hard . 
 he was quick with his movements , but many of them were running a faster sprint through the moonlit graveyard , and none of them had hiked ten miles that night , so they were fresh . 
 when he reached the fence , they were almost on him . 
 he hurdled it in stride and so gained a little ground on them . 
 from there he ran hard down into the well . 
 his footing was not always sure , but in desperation he ran down the steep slopes faster than they were willing to , and was soon deep inside . 
 this was not a circular crater like the jalseian well . 
 it was not a majestic canyon like the one in thyrion . 
 it was once the mountain lake of magic , with fingers creeping out in all directions , and much of it cutting into the side of the mountain . 
 now that it was destroyed , it was full of rubble from small avalanches , but it was also full of caves , caverns , and below-the-surface channels . 
 one deep pit was once an ancient spring from whence the substance of magic rose from the middle of the world to come to falcon point . 
 islands had once stood in the middle of the well , and now they were great mesas in the middle of a wasteland . 
 and this , though not the urban environment that jaysynn was most familiar with , was the perfect landscape for his skills . 
 they had almost laid hands on him at the edge of the graveyard , but in here , jaysynn was quickly up a hill and down another , scaling rock walls and dropping from them , and leaping across canyons too far for his would-be captors . 
 it was not a fast place to travel , but jaysynn moved through it as quickly as anyone could . 
 when he was on the other side , the darkest hour of the night was past . 
 the sun was still a ways from rising , but the sky was growing lighter east of the mountains . 
 he climbed out of the rim of the well and left the soldiers behind him , scrambling around in the blackened badlands . 
 from there , jaysynn continued to run through the city until he was on the verge of collapse . 
 he knew he had to get far from the well or those same soldiers would eventually find him . 
 at last , barely able to stand , he crawled down into a roadside stone ditch -- used to transport waste water out of the city . 
 he climbed into a place where the ditch disappeared under a crossroad . 
 at that time the sun was fully risen , but in his covered ditch , just big enough for a squatting body , with gray water running over his ankles and along the seat of his pants , he fell asleep . 
 it was a hard-earned sleep , but unlike his rest in the refugee camp , this one did not wash away the worries of life . 
 it was a fearful sleep . 
 even though he was desperate for it , it was a watchful sleep : he could not submit himself to rest . 
 yet it was a long sleep . 
 when he awoke , it was late afternoon . 
 he had escaped a dungeon to find rest in a cramped stone ditch , drenched with the refuse of the rebel city . 
 but he knew where he was , and he knew why he was there . 
 it was n't for freedom that he escaped : he had never been free , except as the watchman , so it was a virtue that had n't crossed his mind that night . 
 it was n't for comfort or survival . 
 he was as likely to survive by working with vac as he was by making a life for himself in this hostile new world , and as for comfort -- he was sitting in the filth of an enemy people . 
 and he did n't escape in order to protect the secrets of thyrion -lrb- what little he knew of them -rrb- . 
 he wanted justice of the same kind that vac wanted . 
 his reason for escaping was something different : he escaped because there was a crack in the wall . 
 it should n't have been there . 
 the guards should have studied the cell more carefully before putting such a high profile prisoner in it . 
 and if there was a crack in the wall , maybe his escape was a work of fate . 
 and if it was a work of fate , maybe the crack itself was a miracle . 
 and if a miracle of fate were possible , then maybe jaysynn had waiting for him , somewhere on the outside of that prison cell , a destiny . 
 he crawled out from under the road and out of the ditch . 
 water held his pants against his legs , and his shirt was damp as well with sweat . 
 the heavy sun cast a warm glow on the stones in the ditch , and on the city trees planted along the brick sidewalks . 
 the buildings in this housing edition were mostly one story , quaint but finely crafted . 
 it was n't a city of skyscrapers , so now , after the cataclysm , it was n't nearly as full of rubble as thyrion . 
 what it did have , however , what all cities shared in common in this newly-ordered world , were broken windows . 
 boarded windows to keep thieves away . 
 grass that needed to be mowed . 
 and in the middle of the rampant grass : plots of recently overturned earth -- makeshift graves , decorated with landscaping stones or wooden planks or , in some cases , a teddy bear or a toy truck . 
 falcon point was fortunate in that it benefited from an old aqueduct system that brought water into the city without the use of any magic-powered pumps . 
 the people had water . 
 in the two weeks since the cataclysm , wide-scale starvation had not yet set in , and disease had not yet gained too strong a foothold . 
 these people 's biggest threat was from each other . 
 and they knew it . 
 some of the buildings had been torn to pieces for salvage , and some of that salvage material was used to build walls around backyard gardens and palisades around their front yards . 
 a number of front doors had crude drawings of swords carved or burned into them , a sign that the house was protected by the most advanced weapon in the world . 
 jaysynn wandered around the town through what remained of the day , seeing the sites . 
 when he was out of the suburbs and into the industrial quarter , he took to the rooftops . 
 he was n't in his watchman 's garb -- he was wearing cotton work clothes from top to bottom -- and he was n't doing the watchman 's work -- he had no backpack and no bread or medicine . 
 instead he was acting as a spy , watching the city and its people -- the people vac said he wanted to save from thyrion . 
 when the first traces of darkness came , more people took to the streets , like rats coming out of hiding . 
 they scurried about , some of them perhaps going to check on friends or relatives , and some of them going to steal from strangers . 
 he watched them for a time . 
 he moved about to see the different types of people coming from different types of homes . 
 as he traced the city , he spotted another spy , a man crouched behind a garbage can listening in on a conversation . 
 jaysynn scurried along the flat roof of a three-story apartment building so he could hear what this darkly dressed man was learning . 
 soon he spotted an old but healthy man talking to a boy , twelve or thirteen years old . 
 `` your father should n't send you off in the night like this , '' said the old man . 
 `` he said he had to stay home and keep watch over the place -- and keep my sister safe . '' 
 `` you ought to just move in with me , '' said the man . 
 `` then we 'd all be safer . 
 but listen now . 
 you hurry on home . 
 keep that loaf of bread safe . 
 and when you come back for more in a couple days , bring your dad and sister with you , you hear . '' 
 `` i 'll tell them , '' said the boy . 
 `` good . 
 i love you . '' 
 `` i love you too , grandpa . '' 
 the boy looked over his shoulders and then hurried off , half-running down the narrow street . 
 when he passed the trash can , the other man stood up and chased after him . 
 the boy saw him and tried to run harder , but it was no use . 
 the thief was an athletic young man , maybe 18 or 20 years old , and soon he grabbed the boy by the shoulder and dragged him down into the pavement . 
 as jaysynn dashed across the rooftops and down to the street , the man pulled at the boy 's shirt to get at the bread that he 'd hidden underneath it . 
 with the bread in hand , the young man took to his feet and started running -- but he 'd picked a bad direction . 
 he took a few quick steps in the direction jaysynn was coming from , but when he saw another young man bolting after him , he turned around and started running the other way . 
 he was fast , but , having abandoned his escape route , his sense of direction was lost . 
 he ran without knowing where to go , glancing down alleys as he passed . 
 as jaysynn drew nearer , one stride at a time , he started looking for a move to tackle the thief without seriously injuring him -- without sending the full speed of his spring downward into the roadbed . 
 but before it came to blows , the thief held up his hands -lrb- a loaf of bread in one of them -rrb- and slowed his pace . 
 `` ok . 
 take it , '' he said . 
 `` it 's yours '' `` i do n't want it for myself , '' jaysynn said . 
 `` you stole that bread . '' 
 `` i know , '' the young man said . 
 he dropped down to his knees and was nearly in tears . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't want to . 
 i 'm a good kid . 
 i always been good . 
 but i got to eat and my family got to eat . '' 
 jaysynn glared down at the youth , `` that little boy 's family has to eat , too . '' 
 the young man looked up at jaysynn . 
 his eyes were watering and his lips quivered . 
 he tried to speak , but could n't find words . 
 in his heart , jaysynn wished he had the resources of a prince or an emperor . 
 he wished he had bread of his own to give , but he had nothing . 
 he had n't eaten anything himself all day , and he felt the temptation to take the loaf for himself . 
 `` i 'm going to take the bread back to the boy , '' said jaysynn . 
 `` but , listen , there 's got to be some way of getting through this . 
 not just for you , but for everyone . '' 
 the thief handed over the bread . 
 `` not everyone 's gon na make it , '' he said . 
 `` look , i had a friend , '' jaysynn said . 
 `` someone who was getting into a lot of trouble , doing some illegal things , to try to feed her family . 
 so i found her a job at a bakery . '' 
 `` there 's no jobs no more , mister . '' 
 `` i know , '' said jaysynn . 
 `` but there 's got to be more for a young man to do than just steal . 
 forget about getting a job for right now and think about how you can make work for yourself . 
 times have changed , right ? 
 so you adapt . '' 
 `` work 's good for nothing , '' said the young man . 
 `` money ai n't no good . 
 some people are buying it up like crazy . 
 that 's what my old man was doing , and that 's why we got no food . '' 
 `` then forget about money , '' jaysynn said . 
 `` try to think of a way that you can make something people need for trade , for barter . 
 maybe there 's some way you can make food . '' 
 `` out of what ? '' 
 said the young man , `` this ? '' 
 he scraped a handful of pulverized rock dust from the road bed and sprinkled it back onto the road , then looked up at jaysynn with dark eyes . 
 he went on , `` you told me to adapt . 
 well i already adapted . 
 i steal bread from little kids now . 
 that 's the only honest work there is these days . '' 
 `` you 've got to find a way to do better , '' jaysynn said . 
 with those stern words , he walked away , hoping he would be able to find the boy again . 
 if not , he would return the bread to the old man . 
 but as he walked , he felt a tug on his heart for the young thief . 
 so , without another word , he turned back around and tore the bread in half , giving the smaller portion to the thief . 
 the thief also said nothing in return , but bowed humbly , grateful to receive a part of the stolen meal . 
 jaysynn realized that this was no solution , and that there was no solution to such a problem in such a world as this . 
 his heart swelled with sorrow , but when there is someone to blame , sorrow ferments into anger . 
 jaysynn could feel the bubbles rising as his blood turned to venom . 
 he did not know why the world was in ruin , or what conspiracy had driven that young man to steal a loaf of bread . 
 but he knew the name of one guilty man , and with every clenching of his heart , his body filled with heroic hatred of that name . 
 he made his way down the street and knocked on a door . 
 he was greeted suspiciously by the old man and the little boy . 
 `` i was able to recover some of the bread , '' he said . 
 `` the thief made off with the rest . '' 
 `` that scoundrel ! '' 
 said the old man . 
 `` what kind of monster would steal from a child ? '' 
 jaysynn shook his head . 
 `` do n't blame him , '' he said . 
 `` the man responsible for this is xander dracon . '' 
 `` the thyrian ? '' 
 `` that 's right , '' jaysynn nodded . 
 `` but try to stay strong . 
 if i can do anything to set things right , i will . '' 
 `` well , then bless you , sir , '' said the old man , shaking his head . 
 `` and who are you , anyway ? '' 
 `` general dracon is ... one of my unruly subjects . '' 
 the old man leaned out the door and asked , `` how 's that ? '' 
 but jaysynn walked on and soon bounded up the side of the building , where he disappeared into the night sky . 
 ~ ~ ~ jaysynn slept on a flat rooftop , a place where no one in the city could see him , and no one could reach him without a bucket lift or a sixty-foot ladder . 
 he spent the bulk of the next day sitting on that roof , just him and the sky and the sun , fasting for lack of food , and meditating on the next moves , the next subtle turnings of lomara . 
 last night he had called dracon one of his unruly subjects . 
 it felt impossible . 
 it felt like the words of a child who said he could throw a stone a hundred miles . 
 but it also felt good . 
 though it was a flight of fantasy , jaysynn also felt it was somehow true . 
 it was true that the world had been crippled , and that dracon was a guilty man , and that jaysynn had inherited the throne of a nation that still lived . 
 but the old customs of the kyzer dynasty were dead . 
 the structures that ran the empire had crumbled . 
 the old rules were out , and if jaysynn had a role to play , he knew that it would be in a different world . 
 all this talk of thyr , too -- the firstborn of elthor -- that was a broken myth . 
 all the talk about elthor , too . 
 the dream of elthor was broken with the breaking of the wells . 
 so jaysynn told his thoughts to the sun , his only companion . 
 not that he believed the sun was a new god . 
 if there had been a dog on the roof , he might have talked to the dog . 
 if a child , then he would have talked to the child . 
 but all he had was the heat that poured down on the asphalt , the vital source of every wood and meadow , the limitless empire of light . 
 whatever i do , he said in his heart , i wo n't leave kyrie in the dungeon . 
 i do n't know what tomorrow holds , what i will do then , or who i will be . 
 but tonight i will free her . 
 the sun , perhaps out of respect for jaysynn 's will and compassion , did not waver , but went on with its everlasting burning . 
 chapter 7 : old enemies coonhil gulped . 
 vac slapped his hand on the side of the desk and demanded , `` what do you mean , ` few casualties ? ' 
 is my brother all right ? '' 
 `` he is alive , '' said coonhil , scratching at his chest . 
 `` alive ? 
 what does that mean ? '' 
 `` he may have been the target of the attack , but his wounds are superficial . 
 deliberately so , it would seem . '' 
 vac took a breath . 
 he walked to the back of his office , to the arched stone window , and looked out into the night . 
 there were a lot of stars in the sky -- more than he 'd ever seen from that office window before -- but , in spite of feeling the tinge of inspiration , he was in no mood to give a soliloquy about how beautiful they were . 
 `` if they were thyrian special agents , why would they target him ? '' 
 coonhil walked toward the governor , and slumped a little at the shoulders so as not to be too much taller than him . 
 `` it could be a war of attrition . '' 
 `` no , '' said vac with a shake of the head . 
 `` the thyrians have always been too proud to starve out their enemies . 
 even if dracon is playing by different rules , it would n't make sense . 
 if he wanted to conquer us , he would need to get some operational farms out of the deal . '' 
 `` maybe he 's trying to get to you , '' coonhil added . 
 `` what ? 
 emotionally ? 
 good luck . '' 
 `` just the same , it may be wise of you to increase patrols . 
 frankly i was stunned at how few guards there are in the building right now . '' 
 vac shook his head slightly . 
 his eyes were stones . 
 `` that 's the real heart of the matter , '' he said . 
 then he paused . 
 it was unlike him to be cryptic , but he wanted to be sure to have the puzzle solved before he spoke . 
 he walked back to his desk and drew jaysynn 's knife and sheath from the top drawer . 
 `` this is the reason i 've had so few guards these past two nights , '' vac said . 
 `` my patrols are combing the city looking for the young emperor before he skips town . 
 his girlfriend is better guarded right now than i am , just in case he tries to come back for her . '' 
 his voice was quiet , but it filled the room like a mantra . 
 `` and dracon 's men were looking for the same thing when they broke into my brother 's camp . 
 dracon wants him dead . 
 i want him alive and talking . '' 
 `` if that 's true , '' said coonhil , `` then they most likely learned that jaysynn was taken here . 
 they struck your brother last night , and they may strike here tonight -- and they may not show you the same mercy . 
 let me round up some more guards . '' 
 vac laid the knife on the desk and touched his hand to his chin and thought for a moment . 
 `` you know , '' he said , `` it 's been a few days since i 've had a shave . '' 
 in vac 's presence , coonhil made every effort at discipline and emotional restraint . 
 but with vac 's indifference in the face of grave danger , he at first rolled his eyes , then lifted his arms and flailed them about . 
 `` these men will slit your throat , '' he said . 
 `` and you 're worried about a shave ? 
 they could come in here at any minute ... '' but they were interrupted , not by a sound -- for there was no sound -- but by the blotting out of the stars as a figure dark as the sky filled the stone arch of the window . 
 `` guards , '' coonhil shouted . 
 he backed toward a bookshelf on one of the walls and gripped a heavy book without yet pulling it off the shelf . 
 his arms were narrow , but the veins were large . 
 his teeth were gritted behind his cheeks . 
 vac , however , was calm . 
 he had faced the mob like a stone statue . 
 now his shoulders were gentle as a pillow . 
 in fact , he thought it possible that his life was about to end . 
 but he was also filled with delight . 
 jaysynn had returned . 
 jaysynn stepped down into the room , but when two guards charged through the door he leapt back onto the ledge . 
 `` touch me and i 'll jump , '' he said , `` and i 'll splatter the secret knowledge of the emperor of thyrion across the asphalt . '' 
 these guards were armed with the swords that the governor had bragged about , and they held the tips toward jaysynn , but stood twenty feet away , inching their feet toward him to measure the sincerity of his threat . 
 vac held up his hand . 
 he spoke to his guards , but his eyes never left jaysynn 's : `` stop where you are and lower your weapons . '' 
 then , to jaysynn , `` what brings you here ? '' 
 `` for starters , i want kyrie freed . '' 
 vac smiled . 
 `` she 's only here to get you to talk . 
 tell me what i want to know and she can walk out of here tonight . '' 
 `` do n't start making deals just yet , '' jaysynn said . 
 `` not till i 'm done . '' 
 `` of course , '' said vac with a courteous `` after you '' movement of the hand . 
 jaysynn looked at each of the guards , at coonhil , and back to vac . 
 `` do you want to save the people of your city ? '' 
 `` at any cost , '' said vac . 
 `` from the leaders of my city ? '' 
 jaysynn added . 
 `` if that 's where this leads . '' 
 `` well , '' said jaysynn . 
 `` i want to save my city from their own leaders . 
 so we have a similar cause and a common enemy . 
 are you listening ? '' 
 `` i 'm listening . '' 
 `` dismiss the guards . '' 
 vac moved calmly and deliberately as he picked up jaysynn 's combat knife . 
 with his thick fingers , he popped the button of the sheath and drew the blade , leaving the sheath on the desk . 
 he then walked over to one of his guards . 
 `` your sword , '' he said . 
 the guard handed over his weapon and vac carried it to the edge of the room and handed it to coonhil . 
 `` this will do more damage than a book any day , '' the governor said . 
 coonhil took the sword from him and nodded . 
 vac told the guards they could go , and they left the room . 
 `` governor , '' said jaysynn , `` i 'm asking for your trust . 
 i came here unarmed and you 're keeping a sword and a knife against me . '' 
 vac glanced over his shoulder at coonhil . 
 `` so i am , '' he said . 
 `` you said we had a common enemy . 
 you did n't say we were friends . 
 i 'm hoping you 'll go on with your proposition just the same . '' 
 `` very well , '' said jaysynn . 
 he stepped down again from the window and sat on the stone ledge . 
 `` but i think you 'll be disappointed in me . 
 i do n't know much . 
 about what caused the cataclysm . 
 about what dracon is planning . 
 about what i 'm going to do about it . 
 but i know that i want to go back to thyrion and try to set things right . '' 
 `` respectfully , mr. kyzer , i do n't see how you 're going to do that . 
 my impression is that you 've got more enemies in that city than friends . '' 
 `` respectfully , sir , there are many loyal thyrians who will follow me . 
 i am the rightful leader of that city . '' 
 `` you were , '' said vac . 
 `` that was in another time . 
 see -- you 're not a leader unless there are people who are willing to do what you say . 
 and you ca n't overthrow a leader unless you 've got some very fervent friends in high places . 
 i may be wrong about you -- i 've only really met you on paper -- but i do n't think you have that command over people . 
 i do n't think anyone will give their lives for you . 
 i do n't think anyone will commit treason for you . '' 
 `` the streets are full of people who will follow me , '' said jaysynn . 
 `` as far as i know , dracon thinks i 'm dead -- or he suspects it . 
 but if word reached you that i 'm still alive , it will reach him soon enough . '' 
 vac approached jaysynn and pulled his desk chair around so he could face him , but he did n't sit -- he rested his hands on the back and leaned on them , looming toward jaysynn . 
 `` i 'm afraid they already know , '' he said . 
 `` thyrian operatives broke into tarc 's refugee camp last night . 
 they killed a few guards and carved up my brother . 
 chances are good they were looking for you . '' 
 `` so i want those guards that just walked out and everyone else in this city to believe that i 'm dead -- that you killed me . '' 
 `` that 's certainly a believable story , '' coonhil added from across the room . 
 vac shot him a cold glance , but jaysynn went on . 
 `` word will reach dracon , and when it does , i 'll be able to move around much more freely when i get to thyrion . '' 
 vac nodded . 
 `` is there a war coming ? '' 
 `` dracon wants a war . 
 whether or not he can mobilize , i do n't know . 
 i want to do whatever i can to stop him . '' 
 `` i do n't think you 're worth more than a bag of dirt , mr. kyzer , '' said vac . 
 `` i 'm sure i 've made it clear that the only thing i think you 're good for is a decoration on capital street -- something i can hang from a lamppost . 
 what you 're proposing to me -- whether you realize it or not -- is that i help you defeat dracon and put you on the throne , restoring the kyzer dynasty . 
 and though i 'm sure you will promise to be a friend , and though you may be an absolute man of your word , still your descendants will draw inspiration from the heritage of thyrion . 
 and from the dust i will rebuild my ancient enemy . '' 
 `` or you can do nothing , '' jaysynn said , `` and let dracon build a new empire founded on your ultimate destruction . 
 or , better yet , let 's forget about the ancient past and the distant future . 
 right now , in our own time : would you rather have war than peace ? 
 would you rather have your people live and rebuild , or die by their swords ? '' 
 `` did you not listen to me earlier ? '' 
 vac said angrily . 
 `` i 've played the game very carefully , and i 've put this city in a position to come out on top if this cataclysm leads to an age of wars . 
 if dracon wants to fight me , he will drive his empire -- your empire -- into oblivion . 
 even if he kills some of the people that i 'm trying to save , i 'll be rid of thyrion forever , and i 'll be rid of the kyzers . '' 
 `` so that 's it , is n't it ? '' 
 said jaysynn . 
 he nodded slightly , but kept his eyes trained on the governor . 
 `` it 's about hatred . 
 it 's not about whose lives you can save . 
 it 's not about protecting your city or your people . 
 it 's not about building a better future . 
 it 's about your hatred of my city , and my father , and my brother . '' 
 `` i hate three hundred years of thyrian history , since first the kyzers reigned by force of might . '' 
 `` well , '' said jaysynn , `` what i know of you -- what i 've seen in the news -- made you look like such a statue of a man . 
 now i see you 're just as whipped around by emotion as any of us . '' 
 vac had been glaring coldly at jaysynn , and his hand gripped the handle of the knife as rigidly as he had held the rail on the balcony when he faced the mob . 
 he had turned himself to stone , and now that jaysynn called him a statue , he continued to stand like one and continued to lean forward like a boulder about to break loose and crush whoever stood below . 
 and he recalled coming in from the balcony trying to get down to business but then asking for a glass of water -- trying to conquer his fear and his nerves but realizing at last that he was a man . 
 and , in his own way , he was a slightly ridiculous man . 
 he almost smiled , then relaxed his shoulders . 
 `` no , i do n't have that deep well of emotion that you think i do , '' he said . 
 `` take you , for example . 
 you 're coming here to save a girl . 
 you 're listening to your heart and risking your life for it . 
 me , i do n't have that . 
 i 'm divorced . 
 and whether my ex-wife and my kid are still alive after everything that 's happened , i have n't bothered to check . 
 i talk like i care about the people out there , but really all i care about is doing my job . '' 
 `` and your job is to keep them safe ? '' 
 `` it is , '' said vac . 
 `` then forget about how much you hate all the dead kyzers and help me fight against dracon . '' 
 `` if i believed you could stop a war , i might be tempted , '' said vac . 
 `` i 'd be lying if i said i could stop a war , but i 've got more power to stop it than you do . '' 
 `` or i could win the war without your help , '' vac said . 
 `` so why do n't you stop pulling on my heart strings and just make an old-fashioned deal ? '' 
 `` fine , '' said jaysynn . 
 `` i want kyrie free , and i want dracon to think i 'm dead . '' 
 vac nodded . 
 `` i want information . 
 tell me what dracon is up to , and i 'll consider it . '' 
 `` consider it ? '' 
 `` when last we talked , '' said vac , `` you were not exactly forthcoming . 
 you 'll get no promises from me . 
 but i 'm giving you a chance and that 's something . '' 
 jaysynn looked at coonhil , who nodded to him , indicating he should take the offer . 
 whether he should trust coonhil 's advice that he trust vac , he did n't know . 
 nonetheless , he pulled a chair up to vac 's desk and the two men sat . 
 `` dracon is trying to rally thyrians around their hatred of remirion , '' jaysynn said . 
 `` he was publicly blaming remirion for the cataclysm , but he knew they were n't responsible . '' 
 jaysynn did n't tell him what little he knew about project : godfire , but said simply that he suspected that dracon may have had some connection to the cataclysm . 
 he also made some vague comments about the size , strength , and mobility of the military , but skirted around anything too specific so as not to encourage a counter-invasion . 
 vac was full of questions , but jaysynn answered everything with some version of , `` i 've already told you everything i know . '' 
 at last jaysynn ended the questioning . 
 he stood and said , `` this deal was supposed to go two ways . 
 now if word is going to spread that i 've been killed , we need people who believe it with all their heart . 
 so we 're going to need to come up with a plan . '' 
 vac walked toward coonhil and motioned for jaysynn to come . 
 the three of them gathered around the bookshelf and spoke in low voices . 
 `` we wo n't waste a minute planning , '' the governor said . 
 `` i 'll tell you exactly what we 'll do . 
 coonhil , you head down the hall like you 're going to get a drink of water . 
 act sneaky about it . 
 but then go into the little armory and get a poison dart -- make sure it 's just a tranq . 
 then give it to the guards outside the door and tell them to follow you in the office , to take down jaysynn with the dart , then to carry him down to the prison . '' 
 vac pointed to jaysynn . 
 `` later tonight i 'll have those same guards carry you down to the graveyard and drop you in a cheap casket . 
 i 'll order them to keep it a secret , but they wo n't do it . 
 they are just here because this is one of the few things they can do that will earn them a meal for the day for their families . 
 they are n't paid to keep secrets like that . 
 it 's too big a duty to ask of them . 
 so when i do ask , they will break their word . 
 then coonhil will drop the bug in the ears of a few of his men . 
 it will spread as a rumor and these guards and a couple others that see you in prison will come out of the woodwork to confirm it . 
 clear ? '' 
 `` clear , '' said coonhil . 
 `` but should i have a story to tell the guards about why they are taking jaysynn out in the middle of a peaceful conversation ? '' 
 `` right , '' said vac . 
 `` here 's the story : jaysynn is trying to cut a deal with me . 
 he 's trying to get thyrion and remirion to join peacefully , so remirion will once again be a part of his family 's empire . 
 and he is offering me to be governor of the colony . 
 otherwise there will be a war , and he 'll make certain i die like a dog . '' 
 `` sounds good , '' said coonhil . 
 jaysynn shuffled the plan around in his head . 
 he asked the governor , `` and do i have your word that kyrie and i will both go free at the end of all of this ? '' 
 `` you have my word , '' said vac . 
 `` alright , '' jaysynn said . 
 `` i 'm in . '' 
 `` but there is one last thing i want to know , '' vac said . 
 he closed his eyes and blew a deep breath out of his nostrils . 
 `` i 'm prudent enough that i ought to keep this to myself , '' he went on . 
 `` but every time your mother was pregnant ... i wished she would die . 
 i wished someone would push her down the grand staircase at the palace . 
 two kyzers in one blow . 
 that 's what i wanted . 
 i wanted your father to be crippled by the grief of it . 
 so here 's what i want to know : how can you trust me not to bury you alive , or not to hold you and the girl in the dungeon and torture you till your life is over ? '' 
 jaysynn stared at governor vac . 
 there was a great weight on the emperor 's face . 
 he was filled with fear , but also with courage and all the pain that comes with it . 
 `` i do n't trust you , '' he said . 
 `` i 'd like you to think that it 's more practical to let me go than to torture me . 
 i 'd like you to think it 's better to send me away with your blessing rather than to crush me out of hatred . '' 
 vac waited for him to go on . 
 after a moment he did . 
 `` it 's a leap of faith , '' he said . 
 `` i just have this feeling that i 'll find another crack in the world . '' 
 vac swallowed jaysynn 's reply . 
 `` alright . 
 then i 'm in , too . '' 
 he looked coonhil in the eye and pointed toward the door . 
 chapter 8 : the new magic jaysynn scanned the books on the shelf to see if he could find anything of interest , and to see what thoughts had filled the head of the governor of falcon point . 
 vac 's library included a number of stark volumes of political philosophy such as the head and the hands , the art of governance , and the chessboard nation ; books of history such as the ancient and medieval history of falcon point , material and magical wealth of the world 's great cities , and the spirit of the falconers : a detailed sketch of how these people respond to tyranny ; as well as a number of classic romances from the city 's distant past : the death of alvo , the lais of lemli , and cleovalc . 
 although never a great producer of art , music , or technology , falcon point had a rich history of adventure stories and warrior poetry . 
 they were a people who celebrated their own bravery , their own individualism , and their own fighting spirit . 
 from ancient times unto the present , they told mythic tales of the bravest of falconers slaying dragons that came up the mountain , while they themselves crushed the armies of empires , of would-be conquerors climbing up those slopes , greedy for coal and ore . 
 coonhil had been long in coming back , and jaysynn was beginning to grow suspicious of vac and of the plan . 
 he was about to say something , but spotted another book called eugenics and the magical society . 
 he pulled it off the shelf and turned it over in his hands . 
 vac was at his desk , but could tell by the pale green cover what book jaysynn had in his hands . 
 `` so thorynn 's non-select son wants to know about breeding magic men ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` curious . '' 
 `` not as curious as the fact that you own the book , '' jaysynn said , lifting it modestly in the air , trying to make his point . 
 `` it 's more curious than you realize , '' said vac mysteriously . 
 `` take a look at the title page . '' 
 jaysynn opened the book and saw its full title : eugenics and the magical society : let man select the selects . 
 the name of its author was xander dracon . 
 `` this is n't the same person ... '' jaysynn said . 
 `` no , '' said vac , standing . 
 `` it 's his grandfather . 
 a very different man from the xander dracon you know . 
 unlike the younger dracon , this one was a select , but he did have the personality of a crowbar . 
 he was a scholar -- a good one , and a dangerous one . '' 
 vac walked toward jaysynn . 
 he left the sheath on the desk , but carried the thyrion military knife with him . 
 `` so what 's the book about ? '' 
 jaysynn asked , thumbing through its pages . 
 `` and why do you have it ? '' 
 `` it 's about the social and military benefits of genetically engineering a society in which the vast majority of people are select . 
 the genetic theory behind it has been thoroughly debunked since it was written -- so what the elder dracon was proposing was not actually possible . 
 but i own it because the same blood that put those words on the page fifty years ago is now pumping through the veins of one of my biggest enemies . 
 see , i have to read fifty-year old books to figure out what my enemy is up to , because even when i 've got his protégé in my room , pretending to be my ally , i ca n't learn a thing . '' 
 jaysynn looked up and found vac 's eyes staring hard at him . 
 vac went on : `` i 've also got a drawer in my filing cabinet that has copies of every document your grandfather kyzer ever drafted , and every letter your mother 's parents ever wrote to each other , because dracon is n't my only enemy . '' 
 jaysynn 's eyes sharpened . 
 he had answered vac 's stare with strength . 
 now he answered with anger . 
 not a minute ago vac had agreed to help him ; now that same man labeled him an enemy and boasted deep knowledge of jaysynn 's bloodline , of his power over him . 
 vac was calling him out for his imperfect honesty . 
 and soon , according to the plan that vac had so quickly devised , a guard would burst into the room and pierce his side with a tranquilizer , cutting off all sight and sense and thought . 
 the governor disregarded jaysynn 's cold stare and looked thoughtfully toward the door . 
 `` coonhil is running late , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm going to check on him . '' 
 he lumbered across the heavy boards of the floor and toward the exit . 
 but before he reached it , the heavy door flew open and two men , clad in black with faces covered , came through the door and another two through the window . 
 vac staggered back toward the bookshelf , and jaysynn stepped in front of him . 
 `` i am your emperor , '' said jaysynn . 
 `` this man is not your enemy . 
 i order you to stand down . '' 
 the two who had come through the door looked at one another . 
 their mouths were covered in black cloth masks , and it was impossible to tell which one answered : `` we see no emperor . '' 
 the four of them drew their knives . 
 their feet inched closer to jaysynn and the governor , and their steps were silent . 
 when vac had faced the mob , he faced nothing but a threat issued by a mass of uncertain people . 
 their numbers were great , but so was their doubt , their weakness . 
 when jaysynn appeared in his window earlier that night , he thought it possible that he would die . 
 but he was fueled by a carefully measured hope that good might come of jaysynn 's return . 
 vac was a man who knew little of fear , because his heartless logic so often ruled it out . 
 and he was a rare man because he could trust common sense even in the face of danger and even in the face of the unknown . 
 now , however , he knew that he would die . 
 they would not have broken into the palace just to kill jaysynn -- if they knew he was there , they would have waited for him to leave and killed him in the streets . 
 logic dictated that if they were in his office , they were there for him . 
 they would kill jaysynn , yes . 
 that was a given . 
 but they would make it look like vac had been their target . 
 the governor of falcon point would be found dead , and the word would spread . 
 and no one would spread the news about the other corpse found in his office , whose face would be butchered beyond recognition . 
 in an instant he discerned that this would be their plan . 
 for its simplicity , he admired it . 
 and fear grabbed him by the heart . 
 `` well , jaysynn kyzer , '' he said , forgetting his hatred , and went on , `` i hope you can save us , '' forgetting his logic . 
 jaysynn took a defensive stance . 
 he was unarmed , but held eugenics and the magical society in his strong hand . 
 he took a step toward the nearest of the intruders -- one of the two who had come through the door -- and tossed the book toward his eyes . 
 it was a lousy tactic , almost childish . 
 the intruder , an expert fighter , simply lifted his hand to push the book out of his line of sight before it had time to cause any trouble . 
 but somehow it was n't quick enough . 
 somehow all his skill was too slow : when his fingers touched the side of the book , jaysynn 's foot was already at the back of it . 
 he had jumped up and kicked the book into the man 's head , knocking him over backward . 
 the other one who had come from the door swung his knife at him , but jaysynn was quick to leap backward , out of its way . 
 when the man tried again , jaysynn grabbed the arm that held the knife and used the attacker 's momentum to fling him across the room , so the three men were all on one side of jaysynn and vac now -- instead of surrounding them -- and the other man lay barely conscious near the door . 
 `` i can take him , '' said the man who had been thrown across the room , so the other two , happy to oblige , pushed him back into the fray . 
 they held their own knives ready and shifted from foot to foot , feeling the rhythm of the combat , ready to join in an instant . 
 the confident fighter swiped his knife at jaysynn again and again , but each time jaysynn backstepped or sidestepped faster that the assassin 's wrist could travel . 
 it was uncanny . 
 it was too easy , and jaysynn knew it . 
 he began to wonder if these assassins were just toying with him . 
 but he could not believe that there was any humor or game in their deeds . 
 after dodging a few strikes , jaysynn began to counterstrike . 
 each time the man attacked , jaysynn hit him in the hand -- from the top , from the bottom , with his hand , with his foot . 
 his movements were quick . 
 quicker than the assassin 's . 
 quicker than anyone 's . 
 quicker than a snake 's . 
 they were not playing a game , he decided . 
 he was . 
 he made sport of the killer . 
 his counterstrikes were not a tactical combat move meant to gain him any advantage . 
 they were fun . 
 it was like a game of slap hands . 
 until , accidentally , he disarmed his attacker with a chop to his knuckles . 
 then the man tried to resort to punches . 
 jaysynn caught him by the wrist , struck him on the elbow with his offhand , and broke his arm . 
 then he tossed him behind him and faced the remaining two men . 
 they had stepped forward as soon as their friend had lost his weapon , but his bones were busted before they had time to reach him . 
 now they tried to team up on jaysynn , tried to come at him from opposite sides , but it was hopeless -- it was not a fight they could control . 
 jaysynn was at one moment striking one , and then skirmishing with the other . 
 at one moment in front and another behind . 
 at one moment kicking at the ankles and at the next leaping off their heads . 
 at last they turned their backs on the fight and ran toward the open window , but jaysynn was faster . 
 he caught them around the ears and slammed their heads together . 
 they lost their balance at the blow and stumbled to the ground . 
 vac came up from behind jaysynn and the two men and , with jaysynn 's knife , stabbed one of them in the kidney . 
 jaysynn grabbed his hand , too late to save that man 's life . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` these men are thyrian whispers , '' vac said . 
 `` they 're the best of the best , and , since my guards outside are probably dead , i 've got no way of dealing with four of them . '' 
 jaysynn turned around to see the other two men . 
 the one who had been so eager to take jaysynn one-on-one was lying near the bookshelf , his throat slit open . 
 the other was rolled over with a deep wound in his lower back . 
 `` that one 's alive , '' said vac . 
 `` but he 'll never walk again . 
 i 'm going to give this last one the same treatment . '' 
 `` no you 're not , '' jaysynn said , tightening his grip on vac 's wrist . 
 `` regardless of their actions , these are my people , and you 're not doing anything to them without a trial . '' 
 `` that 's a great notion , '' said vac , `` but for the second time , these are the best of the best . 
 we can not handle four of them , all able-bodied . '' 
 `` these were nobodies , '' said jaysynn . 
 `` i handled four of them by myself -- and i 'm not even a fighter . 
 these were n't real whispers . '' 
 `` then how did they come in through the window ? 
 and why were n't my guards able to stop them ? '' 
 jaysynn shook his head , slowly , considering what vac was saying . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he said . 
 `` but i 'm telling you , these men were not trained fighters . 
 they were sluggish . 
 they were clumsy . '' 
 vac smiled so big his teeth showed . 
 `` if they were sluggish then i 've never seen a real fighter , '' he said . 
 `` jaysynn , you were fast . 
 you were faster than my eyes could handle . '' 
 jaysynn looked again at the men in the room , living and dead , and remembered the moves they had used , remembered the motions , the way they held their knives , the way they bent at the knees . 
 it was all right . 
 it was all textbook knife fighting . 
 every move had been perfect . 
 no overreaching . 
 no lack of commitment to a move . 
 no timidness . 
 no telegraphing . 
 `` how ? '' 
 jaysynn asked , letting vac 's hand loose . 
 `` there was magic in this room . '' 
 vac rubbed his arm where jaysynn had gripped it . 
 `` there is no more magic , '' jaysynn said , shaking the idea off his head . 
 `` where would it come from ? 
 why would i be able to use it ? '' 
 `` i ca n't explain it , '' vac said , `` but that 's no reason to deny it . 
 the world is new . '' 
 chapter 9 : the order of life and death vac and jaysynn made use of their resources -lrb- power cords they tore out of the monitors and other equipment in the room -rrb- and tied up the prisoners . 
 they left the office to find the guards posted outside ; they lay in blood that was done pumping out of their bodies . 
 `` oh , no , '' vac said , looking further down the hall while jaysynn still gazed at the bodies . 
 he hurried to another body crumpled on the floor . 
 `` coonhil , '' he said . 
 his voice dropped as he said it , and the stone halls of the old fort trembled with a deep , grave echo . 
 jaysynn knelt by vac and put a hand on his shoulder . 
 vac was breathing deeply , and dutifully keeping his composure . 
 `` great things can change in the blink of an eye , '' he said . 
 `` kings live and die . 
 whole nations can rise up from nothing and crumble again into dust . 
 the very laws of nature may seem to turn on their heads . 
 but the order of life and death never changes . '' 
 there in coonhil 's hand was the poison dart . 
 vac pulled the fingers away and held it in his own hand , admiring coonhil 's devotion , in life and in death . 
 `` it 's the one certainty , '' vac went on . 
 `` before the cataclysm . 
 after . 
 the whole fabric is changing . 
 everything is in flux . 
 but death still comes . '' 
 he turned sharply on his heels and stabbed the dart into jaysynn 's chest . 
 jaysynn clutched at it . 
 he pulled it out and threw it across the hallway , and , rising to his feet , stepped away from the governor . 
 but his ankle folded over sideways and he came tumbling down again . 
 vac now stood , and though he was not a tall man , he was powerfully built , and he towered over jaysynn now that the emperor was scrambling on the ground . 
 `` you 're a liar , '' jaysynn said . 
 he tried to stare up at vac , tried to pour hatred out of his eyes . 
 but he could n't keep them open . 
 `` you 're a rat . '' 
 he tried to stand again , but he flopped around on the floor , unable to tell his muscles quite what to do . 
 at last , he clutched at his head and at his ears . 
 they were ringing wildly . 
 but that , as with his vision and his vain attempts at movement , would soon cease . 
 governor vac stood over his prisoner . 
 he lifted his hand to his chin and gave it a broad stroke . 
 he remembered again that he needed to shave . 
 he remembered that coonhil had scolded him for thinking of such a thing at a desperate time . 
 he closed his eyes , and a tear ran down his cheek . 
 he went to find some living guards . 
 chapter 10 : new life jaysynn tumbled over in his sleep and woke up with a start . 
 he was on the grass , outside , loose dirt at his fingertips . 
 a man was there . 
 the moon cast little light , but it lit up the gravestones , and it turned the beads of sweat on the man 's forehead into drops of silver light . 
 jaysynn was quickly on his feet . 
 he knew he was in the graveyard , and he knew that this man , governor vac , had taken him here . 
 `` relax , '' vac said . 
 his voice was quiet and full of phlegm that mixed his natural tone with a soft growl . 
 `` i just went to a lot of trouble to dig you up . 
 i 'm not the least interested in burying you again . '' 
 `` dig me up ? '' 
 said jaysynn . 
 he was on guard , but lowered his hands . 
 vac looked up , and his eyes glowed in the soft midnight light . 
 `` i went through with the plan , '' he said . 
 `` now i 'm going to throw this coffin back in here and cover it up again , and you 're going to leave this castle and never step foot in it again . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` do a good work in thyrion . '' 
 `` if i do , you 'll have a friend there . '' 
 `` fine , '' said vac . 
 `` but let 's not stand around chatting about it -- i do n't want to attract any attention . 
 just go , and when you 're away from the castle grounds , check your shirt pocket . 
 there 'll be a note in there that will tell you everything you need to know . 
 now get the hell out of here . '' 
 jaysynn stood there , looking for last words , but vac dragged the coffin back into the hole and , with his back turned toward jaysynn , scraped loose dirt over the top of it with his shovel . 
 jaysynn tapped him on the shoulder , but he went on working . 
 he walked around in front and patted him on the side of the arm . 
 vac looked up , clutching at his shovel , to see jaysynn extending an arm . 
 they shook hands , and jaysynn left him to his work . 
 ~ ~ ~ when jaysynn found light enough to read by , spilling out of the windows of one of the finer homes in the old district , he pulled from his pocket a key and a piece of paper with an address written on it . 
 he recognized the street name from his earlier travels in the city , and it only took him a little wandering back and forth to find the place . 
 it was in a block of buildings on the edge of the industrial district . 
 the neighborhood was in shambles : much of the industrial district , once driven by generators and magic machinery , was obliterated in the cataclysm . 
 but this building stood among a number of warehouses . 
 many of them were damaged , and some bowed down to the ground . 
 the one vac had sent him to was in the best shape of any of them . 
 corrugated steel siding and a sturdy front door . 
 the key fit , and jaysynn opened the door . 
 there was no light inside , but it felt like bare walls and an open floor , with maybe some furniture or boxes stacked along the far wall . 
 a flit of movement . 
 not an animal . 
 there was a person inside . 
 maybe another would-be assassin . 
 jaysynn backed out of the light of the doorway to conceal himself and began feeling around the unpainted drywall , hoping to run into something he could use as a weapon . 
 across the room a match head exploded into light , and soon an antique oil lamp was burning brightly , driving out the shadows where jaysynn tried to hide , and lifting the veil of darkness that hid the other person in the room . 
 her hair was long and blonde . 
 the curve of her cheeks was gentle , and her eyes were bright , although one of them was black and blue . 
 `` just the sight of you heals all the trouble of the day , '' jaysynn said . 
 `` i 'm afraid i 'm not much to look at , '' said kyrie , turning her eyes down and the bruised side of her face away . 
 `` did vac do that ? '' 
 jaysynn said . 
 he punched his palm . 
 `` i 'll give him a piece of my mind , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll ... '' but he trailed off . 
 the taste of anger was in his mouth , but it dawned on him that vac was a friend , and that he might never see him again . 
 there was no benefit at all in getting angry . 
 `` well , anyway , '' he said , `` vac pushed me off the shore and set me sailing . '' 
 `` how 's that ? '' 
 `` i had to make a decision i was n't ready to make . 
 so i paid him a visit so he could force me into making it . 
 we 're going back to thyrion . '' 
 `` jaysynn , '' said kyrie , shaking her head , `` you could be killed . '' 
 `` i 'm already dead , '' he said . 
 `` now it 's time to rise up . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 jaysynn laid his hands on kyrie 's shoulders . 
 `` listen , somebody has got to worry about the problems in this world . 
 somebody has to set things right again in thyrion . 
 and i figure , why not the emperor ? '' 
 kyrie wrapped her arms around him and pressed her head against his chest . 
 `` so , '' jaysynn said , holding her , `` did vac give you that black eye ? '' 
 `` no , '' she said , backing out of the embrace so they could see face to face . 
 `` it was the skinny one . 
 but really they treated me well -- aside from the interrogation . 
 they took better care of me than anyone else in the prison , i think . 
 and when they let me go they gave me an escort to this place and even gave me some food and supplies -- a couple of these boxes are for us . 
 and your knife is in the top one . 
 they told me i was welcome to stay here for as long as i liked , but that i should n't leave until i received further orders . 
 i guess they meant from you . '' 
 `` you got an escort ! '' 
 jaysynn said . 
 `` all i got was this piece of paper . '' 
 he held up the letter with the address on it . 
 `` well , '' said kyrie , setting the lamp on the floor and taking a step closer to him . 
 `` i 've got a piece of paper for you , too . '' 
 he held out his hands , and she laid into them a wadded up note . 
 he unfolded it and turned around so he could read it by the light of the lamp . 
 it read , `` i 'm still here . '' 
 and there she was , the giddy glimmer in her eye , the soft pale skin of her cheeks -lrb- now bruised -rrb- , the calm and casual slope of her shoulders . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're here , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't know where my next steps will take me . 
 i still do n't know the first thing about destiny . 
 but i 'm glad you 'll be here as i figure it out . '' 
 kyrie made up a bed for each of them : no pillows , but a couple blankets laid across the plywood floor . 
 wind crept in under the door , which had no threshold , and swept across the hard floor where they slept . 
 it was a night spent in discomfort and poverty , but it felt somehow like true rest . 
 they knew in their hearts that they were now slaves of their own destinies , but it felt strangely like freedom . 
 about the author john bahler is the senior english teacher at eastern high school and the editor of the greentown grapevine , a monthly newspaper in greentown , indiana . 
 he is the son of a private music teacher , and also an avid songwriter and musician . 
 he has played over 60 shows throughout indiana in the last year with two different bands -- everything from seedy bars to the vogue theatre in broad ripple , and from backyard parties to the battleground indiana fiddler 's gathering . 
 when not indoors , john loves being outdoors . 
 he has hiked most of indiana 's state parks , and dozens of state and national parks in more distant lands . 
 he has climbed mountains in the dominican republic and canoed in the remote regions of northern ontario . 
 he has also hewed logs with an axe , built a cabin out of those logs , made maple syrup in that cabin , and cooked pancakes over which he poured that syrup . 
 john has a bachelor 's and a master 's in creative writing , and a lifelong interest in creative projects of all kinds . 
 occasionally , between his other pursuits , he finds a nice quiet place and writes . 
 when he 's lucky , he finds a listening ear , an audience waiting to fall under the spell of a good story . 
 to hear the man sing and pick the mandolin , check out www.thestampedestringband.com 
