 the hex breaker 's eyes by s.d. tennant copyright 2014 by s.d. tennant cover design copyright 2014 by s.d. tennant cover contains images from george mayer and stocksnapp , licenced through bigstock . 
 this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 description small-town fifteen-year-old mindee vefreet thinks she 's going crazy when she sees a girl from school glowing in the dark . 
 but when bad things start to happen around the glowy girl , it quickly becomes clear that what mindee 's eyes can see is very real , and very dangerous . 
 mindee is a seer , able to see hexes clinging to the victims of black magic . 
 with no knowledge of magic or the occult , and no experience in breaking spells , attempting to break the hex seems almost impossible . 
 soon other people are getting hexed , the magic is turning lethal , and mindee is drawing dangerous attention . 
 because , to a certain type of witch , the only thing better than a good seer is a dead seer . 
 table of contents the hex one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve the death curse thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen a fate worse than death nineteen twenty epilogue part one the hex 1 sunday , november 4 i was n't frightened until the girl started to glow in the dark . 
 `` you seriously ca n't see that ? '' 
 i ask my best friend . 
 `` see what ? '' 
 `` it 's right there , as big as a person . 
 bigger than a person . '' 
 tamara looks , but she does n't see it . 
 maybe i 'm going crazy . 
 across the street from us , a girl is glowing . 
 well , i should n't say that . 
 it 's not like she 's painted in neon green body glitter or anything . 
 but this girl 's got a real sort of , well , glow . 
 there 's yellow light radiating from her . 
 she looks like a low-watt light bulb . 
 i swear she does . 
 but tamara does n't see it . 
 we 're walking home from the milkshaker , which is a sort of retro 50 's diner on main street , and across the street from us there 's a girl i recognize from school walking the same direction that we are . 
 i do n't know her name . 
 but that 's not important . 
 the important thing is the glowing . 
 because seriously , this girl is lighting up the area around her body for a good couple of feet . 
 i 'm mindee . 
 my best friend is tamara . 
 we 've known each other since mrs. ulrich used to babysit us both , back before kindergarten . 
 we 've been friends longer than either of us can remember , so it 's freaking me out that she ca n't see the glowing aura of light coming off that girl . 
 i mean , it 's a little hard to see the glow when the girl 's standing under a streetlight , but there are times when she 's right in between two lights , in the darkest part of the shadow where she should be barely visible , and she 's lit up like a firefly . 
 `` she 's glowing ! '' 
 i say , exasperated . 
 i make sure to keep my voice down so the girl does n't hear me . 
 tam raises an eyebrow to mock me . 
 `` like what , her shoes ? 
 i 've seen little kids with those light-up shoes . '' 
 `` her entire body . 
 a gigantic two-foot radius around her body . 
 watch when she goes between the lights . '' 
 so we walk along , keeping pace just behind the girl across the street , and we watch her walk . 
 she passes into the shadow , lights it up in a manner that a cartoon might use to show you someone with radiation poisoning , and then walks under the next streetlight . 
 `` i did n't see anything . '' 
 i 'm trying not to get upset now . 
 i 'm starting to worry that i 'm seeing things , but it 's so obvious to me that what i 'm seeing is a real light . 
 it 's not like the flashy lights that float in front of my eyes after i look into the sun or something . 
 it 's a girl who glows like a lantern . 
 `` that girl 's entire body glows in the dark . 
 how do you not see it ? '' 
 and then tamara decides to talk in a gentler , slightly less condescending voice , when she asks , `` are you seeing things ? '' 
 my mouth hangs open . 
 `` i mean it , min . 
 are you seeing like glowy blobs in front of your eyes ? '' 
 `` no , '' i say , as if she should know i already ruled that out . 
 `` i see everything the same as it always is , except that girl is glowing . '' 
 `` if that 's a joke , it 's not funny . '' 
 `` jeez , tam , look at her . '' 
 tamara grabs me by the arm and pulls me to a stop . 
 `` i mean it , '' she says . 
 `` if this is a joke , stop it now . 
 you should know better . '' 
 her tone is serious . 
 having been around through my entire life , tam knows all about me . 
 about my family history . 
 of course she 'd be offended if i pretended i was crazy . 
 but i 'm not pretending and i 'm not crazy . 
 the girl is glowing . 
 `` i 'm not seeing things , '' i say in a voice that sounds too whiny . 
 i try to sound more sincere when i look tam in the eye and say , `` and i 'm not faking this . '' 
 for a second we 're just standing there , looking at each other . 
 we both sigh , as if there are no words left to say . 
 the girl is getting really far ahead of us now . 
 `` go to bed early and get some sleep . 
 if this keeps up , go to a doctor , '' she says . 
 now she 's getting me worried . 
 `` i 'm not crazy . '' 
 `` what 's more likely , '' she says , `` that a girl can glow in the dark and only you can see it ? 
 or that you 're nutso-cuckoo-pants ? 
 ` cause i vote for nutso . '' 
 i look at the ground , my shoulders doing that squirmy thing that i hate but ca n't seem to stop myself from doing . 
 `` cuckoo-pants , '' i admit . 
 she nods and winks in agreement . 
 `` you could have a brain tumor , '' she says , perking up . 
 `` or , like , that crazy optic nerve cancer that gets so big it makes your eye pop out . '' 
 `` gross ! '' 
 i say , slapping her on the arm . 
 we start walking again . 
 `` i do n't have cancer . 
 girl who glows in the dark , she has cancer . 
 but not me . '' 
 we laugh a bit . 
 i 've had a lot of miserable times in my life . 
 bad , bad times . 
 sometimes , telling a joke about the worst possible things makes it easier when you actually have to face something horrible . 
 but then the laughter dies and we walk in silence , each one of us convinced the other is crazy but too polite to push it . 
 but her position is ` everything-is-normal ' and my position is ` a-human-being-glows-yellow ' so her version sounds saner . 
 maybe i should just sleep . 
 maybe i do have some kind of oddly specific brain cancer that makes me see things . 
 or maybe i have ... nevermind . 
 not going there . 
 we get to queen street , which is my street , and we break off . 
 i go down queen , she continues down main until she gets to churchill , which is still a few streets ahead . 
 it 's a ritual we 've gone through many times , since this is also the way we walk home together every day after school . 
 i cut across the gas station 's lot and she sticks to the sidewalk . 
 we do n't hug or anything . 
 in fact , i 'm halfway across the lot before either of us thinks to wave goodbye . 
 she waves , i say `` see ya , '' and then i 'm walking alone . 
 and glowy girl is ahead of me . 
 we live in what is either a big town or a small city . 
 about four thousand people . 
 enough that we have our own elementary and high schools , and other towns bus their kids here for school . 
 our town 's called blue ribbon , by the way . 
 there 's a whole historic reason for that , but who cares , right ? 
 blue ribbon , ontario , canada , population 4,156 . 
 home of the wildcats . 
 the reason i 'm telling you about the town is because you might be wondering how this girl could live my very own neighbourhood and i do n't know her name . 
 well , that 's easy . 
 i do n't know anybody 's name . 
 i could count my friends on one hand and have the middle finger left to show to the world . 
 i 'm invisible at school . 
 and i suppose i should be , since i do nothing there . 
 no clubs , no sports , not particularly excellent at any class , not dumb enough to be made fun of . 
 i sit at the side of the class , stay quiet , and rarely get called upon . 
 i suppose i do this on purpose , since a few years back when i did get attention i hated every moment of it . 
 before school i hang out with tam and her boyfriend ryan , and sometimes her other friend marlene , who is in my chem class and is my lab partner . 
 but other people , other girls ? 
 i have no idea what those people even talk about . 
 the girl in front of me is dressed in a trendy jacket she must have gotten in toronto , painted-on leggings and slutty shoes . 
 she is not the sort of girl i would ever have a conversation with , even if she was in my grade , which i doubt . 
 i doubt that i would have ever even noticed her walking in front of me along this walk home , if not for the fact that she 's a human glowstick . 
 but there she is , shining yellow for only my eyes to see . 
 hard to ignore . 
 i wonder if tam was right , so i deliberately turn away from the girl , wondering if i 'll start to see other things glow . 
 one girl glowing seems oddly specific , but if i start to see random cars or fire hydrants glow i might have a problem . 
 but i do n't . 
 nothing else glows like her . 
 i 'm not just seeing things . 
 if this is a brain tumor , that tumor likes this girl and nothing else , which is probably not how tumors work . 
 i know of a few disorders that might cause this kind of hallucination , but once again ... i 'm not going there . 
 the glowy aura around her starts to shift and change and , i do n't know the right word , undulate ? 
 it 's flowing around her like water , with some parts of it getting really far from her body and then flowing back in . 
 it keeps happening like that , and then one time the blob of light stretches so far away from her it reached all the way up to the streetlight just as she passes under it . 
 and the streetlight goes out . 
 the aura fades back down to her , lighting up only the area within a few feet of the girl 's body . 
 it stays close to her for about twenty steps , and then as she gets close to the next streetlight , it stretches up above her head again as she walks under the streetlight . 
 and that light goes out too . 
 i walk along behind her , watching the aura churn and shift , expand and contract , and every time she walks under a light , the light goes out . 
 and every single time , it happens because that glow of light reaches up and slaps the streetlight . 
 all the way down the street . 
 we 're getting close to the intersection of queen and bradley when i hear my dad 's voice behind me . 
 `` mindee ? '' 
 he shouts . 
 i was so focused on the girl that it takes me a moment to register that he 's calling to me . 
 he shouts again from behind me , and the girl i was watching stops and turns , looking back at him before continuing on her way . 
 that 's when i clue in , and turn around to face my dad . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i call back . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 he asks , a look of concern on his face . 
 my dad is dressed in his sweats and a t-shirt , which is the outfit he wears around the house before he goes to bed . 
 he 's barefoot , which is probably cold on his feet . 
 `` i was just walking . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` home . '' 
 he gestures behind himself . 
 `` you forget where you live ? '' 
 wow . 
 i had been so focused on the girl i had walked right past my own house . 
 dad had obviously noticed me , and now he 's smiling , almost gloating that he has some fresh material to bug me with . 
 my father is convinced i 'm a space-case . 
 i suppose my natural resting face is a bit distracted-looking , or maybe i come across like i 'm off in my own world sometimes . 
 every now and then the way my dad talks to me , i 'm convinced that he 's convinced that i smoke pot . 
 -lrb- i do n't , never have , btw . -rrb- 
 maybe i 'm just naturally a little absentminded , but at least my dad seems to enjoy mocking my little mental lapses . 
 i blush a little , and go back toward the house . 
 as i pass dad , he makes a grand show of putting his arm around me . 
 `` you just say the word and i 'll get you one of those gps units so you can find your way around . 
 i think they 're mostly for cars but i bet they have a walking home function . '' 
 `` i was looking at the streetlights , '' i say . 
 dad cranes his head to look down the street . 
 `` a lot of ` em are out , eh ? 
 pretty stupid to have the timers all set like that . '' 
 he shivers . 
 `` get in the house . '' 
 upstairs in my room , i have a cheap cellular phone , a tv with 65 channels and dozens of books , all of which should keep a girl my age busy for years , but none of which have a chance of catching my interest tonight after what i saw on the walk home . 
 not only did she glow , which could be chalked up to good-old-fashioned mindee 's - gone-crazy , but the aura was turning off the lights . 
 maybe the lights were on some kind of timer like dad said , and maybe the speed of her walking was timed just perfectly so that they always went out just as she got close . 
 but what were the odds that that would happen on the same night that i spontaneously started seeing an imaginary aura around this same girl ? 
 as tamara said , ` what 's more likely ? ' 
 i turn off my lamp and my computer , and the only thing that glows is my alarm clock . 
 i was most definitely not seeing things . 
 that girl had an aura . 
 an aura that was affecting real streetlights , not just things i dreamed up . 
 what does that mean ? 
 it means i 'm not crazy . 
 2 monday , november 5 i managed to get to sleep , and woke up this morning feeling exactly as i do most mornings . 
 no headache or glowy spots in front of my eyes ; nothing unusual . 
 with a night of sleep behind me , i feel a little bit removed from last night 's events . 
 i 'm not about to ignore the fact that that girl was glowing in the dark , but i 'm not freaking out that i might have gone insane in quite the same way that i was last night . 
 i 'm also , i guess , slightly less worried that the glowing aura thing was switching off the streetlights . 
 not going to ignore it , but maybe it was just a strange coincidence with the timers . 
 i dress in some jeans and a big black hoodie ; put my hair in a pair of pigtails since i have n't worn it that way in a few weeks , and try to cover up my pimples up as best as i can . 
 i almost forget my necklace , but just as i 'm about to leave the my room i realize it 's not on , and i turn back . 
 it 's actually my mom 's necklace , a silver chain with small heart-shaped charm that my dad bought back when they were dating . 
 i keep her wedding band looped over it , so it rests up against the heart . 
 i clip it around my neck as i head downstairs . 
 my dad drives me and my little brother to school each morning . 
 devon goes to the elementary school , which is called blue ribbon public school , and i go to the high school , wilfred laurier secondary school . 
 the schools are across the street from each other , right at the centre of town , on maple street a block from main . 
 devon piles out and rushes right to the basketball courts on the school 's left side . 
 i have to cross the road to get my school , and head inside . 
 i 'm opening my locker , wondering where my friends are , when i see her . 
 the girl from last night , brown hair , designer clothes , pretty , and glowing . 
 even in the unrelenting fluorescents of the hallway , i can see the yellow light that circles her . 
 i try not to stare , but i basically end up watching her like a hawk . 
 she 's walking toward me , her whole body lit up like yellow christmas , and i can see that the aura is still shifting and changing . 
 in fact , now that i 'm up close i can see that there 's a long , narrow blob of light coming out of her chest . 
 a tentacle of light . 
 the tentacle shoots out in front of her , bends to the floor , and loops back at her . 
 it wraps around her left foot like a snake and the aura gets brighter there every time the light loops over itself . 
 `` whatcha doin ? '' 
 tam says from behind me . 
 her locker 's next to mine , and i 'm probably in her way . 
 i ca n't really respond , since i 'm so busy staring at the boa constrictor of light that 's wrapping around the girl 's foot . 
 tam grabs my shoulder and shakes me . 
 i turn to face her . 
 she 's trying to put her jacket away , and her boyfriend ryan is behind her , smiling a ` good morning ' face at me . 
 they 're a strange couple . 
 tam 's as sarcastic and pessimistic as anyone i 've ever met , and ryan 's always smiling and optimistic . 
 tam 's petite and pale , ryan 's tall , broad and mocha . 
 sometimes opposites attract -- like magnets , or chocolate and peanut butter -- but these two are so oddly matched it 's more like seeing magnets dipped in chocolate . 
 `` earth to min ? 
 are you there ? '' 
 she says . 
 `` that girl 's still glowing , '' i say `` what ? '' 
 `` her left foot 's glowing the most . '' 
 tam looks worried . 
 `` stop and logically consider this . 
 people do n't glow . '' 
 `` who-what-logic-huh ? '' 
 asks ryan . 
 `` mindee , '' tam answers , `` she thinks people glow in the dark . 
 brain cancer for sure . '' 
 i shake my head a little . 
 `` i do n't just think it , i see it . 
 and it 's not ` people ' , just her . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 ryan asks , still baffled . 
 there 's a loud sound of someone tumbling , of books scattered across the floor , followed by the mocking applause and cheers of every idiot in the hallway . 
 i turn to see the pretty brown-haired girl picking herself up off the floor . 
 she 's wearing another pair of those tall high heels , and it looks like one of those big heels has snapped right off , crashing her to the floor . 
 she gets up on her knees and starts scooping up her books . 
 nobody helps . 
 they 're too busy sarcastically applauding and insulting her . 
 ahh , high school . 
 `` did you say it was her left foot ? '' 
 ryan asks . 
 as the girl finishes stacking her books in a manageable pile , she takes the broken shoes off and puts them on top of the pile before she gets up . 
 the heel that broke was on her left shoe . 
 `` for brain cancer delusions , '' ryan says , `` picking that particular foot on that that particular girl on this particular morning is pretty freakin ' accurate . 
 that 's some dandy tumor . 
 i would high-five that tumor . '' 
 `` yeah , '' says tam , who seems to be having a very hard time processing things . 
 she 's actually slack-jawed . 
 as the glowy girl goes back to her locker , probably to change into her gym shoes , tam finally turns back to face me . 
 she looks me in the eye , and takes on her most serious voice . 
 `` min , '' she says , `` you 're officially weird . '' 
 i do n't have any classes with tamara and ryan , so we did n't get to talk about the morning 's strangeness until lunch in fourth period . 
 we are in our typical lunchtime spot -- sitting on the floor in the hallway by our lockers -- when tam brings it up again . 
 `` so you knew that something was going to happen ? 
 like a psychic ? '' 
 she asks . 
 marlene leonardson , who is my chemistry lab partner , is sitting with us today . 
 marlene often joins us for lunch , but sometimes she goes off with the kids from the anime club and they play strange dice games in an empty classroom . 
 i wish that she had done that today so i would n't have word of my insanity spread to more people . 
 tam and marlie have class together in the morning , so i guess tam told her everything . 
 oh , and fyi : marlie is a wee bit strange . 
 she owns a sword . 
 `` it 's definitely psychic , '' marlie says . 
 `` they say precognition comes on in adolescence . '' 
 `` that 's mutant powers , '' says ryan , talking through his mouthful of sandwich . 
 `` in the x-men . '' 
 `` no , i 'm serious . 
 if you can see things that predict the future , that 's psychic . '' 
 `` i 'm not psychic , '' i mutter , my face down , staring at my crackers and cheese slices . 
 some older kids walk by , and i feel myself shrinking , pulling in my shoulders , tucking my chin down . 
 i just do n't want them to overhear . 
 thank god , nobody calls me psychic while the seniors are in earshot . 
 i 'd never live it down . 
 `` so what was it like ? 
 like a flash , a vision of the future ? 
 or like premature déjà vu ? '' 
 marlene 's still asking a lot of questions . 
 a few years ago , some of the worst human beings ever to walk through blue ribbon public school made creative use of the word ` schizophrenic ' in order to drive me to tears for their amusement . 
 so now just hearing someone say the words `` premature déjà vu '' while talking about my brain turns my stomach and makes my eyes dart around the hallway . 
 god , this sucks . 
 `` no , she said that girl was glowing in the dark last night , and this morning her foot was glowing , '' tam clarifies . 
 i feel my face going flush just talking about this with another person . 
 pretty soon the whole school will think i 'm a freak , and then someone will blame me for tripping the girl , and then i 'll just curl up and die . 
 ok , that was too dramatic . 
 but seriously , they ca n't talk about something else ? 
 `` ooh , visions of glowing . 
 i 've never read about that one , '' says marlene . 
 `` i 'll look it up . 
 it 's got ta be in one of my books . '' 
 i stuff another cracker-cheese-cracker stack into my mouth in hopes of not answering another question . 
 no such luck . 
 ryan wonders , `` like god 's highlighter , singling out an important person ? 
 maybe you 're a prophet like joan of arc or something . '' 
 i 'm not real religious , and i very definitely do n't want to label myself as blessed or anything like that , so i just scrunch up my face in disgust and keep chewing on the crackers . 
 i should n't have put the whole thing in my mouth , it 's too dry . 
 i wo n't be able to talk for a little while , but that 's ok . 
 i eventually choke it down , sip my water , and try to change the subject . 
 `` marlene , you get the project on argon all typed out ? 
 i brought the plastic cover thing for it . '' 
 she nods , but clearly nobody wants to talk about chemistry class . 
 `` anyone know her ? '' 
 marlene asks . 
 `` i mean , i 've seen her around , but i do n't know many of the seniors . '' 
 `` is she a senior ? '' 
 ryan asks . 
 `` what does it matter ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` like i 'm gon na walk up to her and be all like , ` hey , i 'm a sophomore you do n't know and p.s. you glow yellow and the yellow stuff made you trip ? '' ' 
 marlene is writing something in one of her binders . 
 `` yellow ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i got ta know . 
 i know some cool paranormal websites , i 'll look up visions of glowy yellow people . 
 did the yellow thing actually reach and grab her ? 
 might be demonic possession . '' 
 `` guys , just stop . 
 i do n't know why we have to talk about this . '' 
 ryan stands up and looks down on the rest of us . 
 `` we have to look it up . 
 because if this sort of thing really happens , then you 're not a crazy person with a brain tumor . 
 and if this girl really is lit up with god 's highlighter , should n't someone ask why ? 
 should n't you ? '' 
 i look down to my lunch again , since my lunch does n't have three sets of eyeballs looking at me with a mix of worry and disapproval . 
 `` mindee , '' he says , `` whatever 's happening , if you 're the only one who can see it , then does n't that make it your responsibility ? 
 you ca n't make us do all the work . '' 
 `` what work ? '' 
 i mutter . 
 tam says , `` let marlie look into the whole psychic side of it , and you and i will figure out what 's up with the girl . 
 i mean , it ca n't be hard to figure out who she is . 
 we can just look at last year 's yearbook . '' 
 `` ok , we can look at a yearbook , '' i say . 
 tam gets up and ryan puts his arm around her shoulder . 
 `` and then , we can spy on her and learn all her dirty secrets , '' tam says with a mischievous grin . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i whine , `` leave the poor girl alone . '' 
 `` ok , '' says tam . 
 `` but we 're going to the library to find a yearbook . '' 
 ryan stoops down to pick up his tupperware containers and stuffs them into his backpack while they head for the stairs . 
 `` wait up , '' shouts marlene . 
 `` i 'm coming too . '' 
 she stuffs her lunch bag into her backpack , and then pulls out the printed chemistry paper and hands it to me . 
 she stands up and runs after the other two . 
 `` you can look it over and make sure it 's right , '' she says over her shoulder . 
 the three of them head for the stairs , leaving me alone on the floor with crackers , cheese , and the eighteenth element of the periodic table . 
 i tuck my head down and finish eating , ignoring marlene 's report . 
 i do n't have to double-check her work . 
 marlene 's always right . 
 3 tuesday , november 6 marlene thinks that i saw the future when i singled out the girl 's left foot , and she wo n't let it go . 
 it 's been a full day since the girl tripped in the hallway , and if the bags under her eyes are any indication , marlie 's been on all of her favourite occult websites non-stop ever since . 
 since she 'll never stop obsessing over it , we caved in and let her drag us out here after school , to the bayview mobile home garden , to talk to a psychic . 
 `` why do we have to do this ? '' 
 i say as i climb out of ryan 's mom 's car . 
 ryan , the only one of us with a driver 's licence , is our chauffeur . 
 `` because , '' marlene says , `` this lady 's legit . 
 she correctly predicted the course of my love life the last time i came to see her . '' 
 `` you do n't have a love life , '' i say . 
 `` and that 's what she predicted ! '' 
 marlene 's smiling . 
 she 's been gushing praise about this lady ever since tam agreed that we would all come out here . 
 i 'm not sure why i let everyone else force me to come . 
 i mean , it 's my head that they want this lady to examine , so why should i let them vote for me to come out here when i clearly do n't want to ? 
 we 're walking through the park , which is mostly made up of prefab homes and not actual trailers , trying not to look so out of place . 
 ryan 's in nice clothes and drove us here in a bmw , so he 's a little too rich for this place , but if i was honest , i 'm about one step away from living in a trailer anyway . 
 marlene is leading us straight to a small white mobile home that 's pretty close to where we parked at the visitor 's lot . 
 in one of the windows there 's a hand-painted sign that says `` madame knight psychic readings . '' 
 all of the curtains are closed , but on the door there 's a little sign that says `` open , please knock . '' 
 marlene knocks and i just want to go home . 
 the idea of everyone sitting in a room , looking at me , picking my brain apart , asking me questions ... well , let 's just say i 'd rather bury my head like an ostrich than do this . 
 the door opens and a fat , middle-aged lady squints down at us . 
 she 's big enough to fill the narrow trailer door , dressed in a loose grey tracksuit , and smoking a cigarette . 
 she 's wearing too much makeup and her hair 's got so much mousse or something in it that it looks wet and slimy . 
 `` come on in , kids ! '' 
 she says in an inviting , perky voice . 
 the others line up to climb into the trailer , and i do n't move . 
 tam reaches out and grabs my hand , pulling me into the psychic 's trailer . 
 as i step inside , madame knight is pulling on a silky robe like you might see on a sorcerer character in a comic book . 
 half the trailer is hidden behind a sheet she 's pinned to the ceiling . 
 the half we can see contains a small table , with three chairs : one for the psychic , and two on this side of the table for the guests to sit on . 
 there are n't enough seats , so ryan and tam lean against the back wall while marlene sits at the table and waves me to sit next to her . 
 i sit down while madame stubs out her smoke and pulls a crystal ball out of a cabinet and sets it on the table . 
 she also hits play on a small cd player on the side counter , which plays a generic instrumental ` hypnotic relaxation ' sort of music . 
 with all the curtains closed it 's kind of dark in here , and the music makes it a little spooky . 
 madame knight sits down across from me . 
 `` marlene , right ? 
 what brings you back to me ? '' 
 she asks . 
 i try to avoid the old cliché about you 're the psychic , should n't you know ? 
 `` my friend , '' marlene says , pointing at me . 
 `` has had some strange paranormal encounters . '' 
 `` spirits ? 
 an old relative hanging around with a message perhaps ? '' 
 asks madame , turning to face me . 
 i ca n't begin to describe my experience , so i just blush and look at the floor . 
 `` no , no , '' says marlene , `` she 's like you . 
 she saw the future and it came true . '' 
 `` ahh . '' 
 she says . 
 `` this is fairly common . 
 lots of people have a little bit of precognition in them . 
 dream visions , déjà vu , things like that . '' 
 `` can you help her ? 
 help us to , i dunno , sort it out ? '' 
 marlene asks . 
 the woman with too much makeup taps her fingers on the crystal ball and slowly inhales for a moment . 
 `` a normal session , which is a reading , or a connection to the spirit world , is twenty five dollars for a half hour . '' 
 for a second , nobody says anything , and then i look at her . 
 `` so , you want twenty five dollars ? '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` my time is my time . '' 
 she holds out a fleshy hand , palm-up . 
 i had already told marlene that since she wanted this , she was paying for it . 
 marlene offers the money and madame knight takes it , opening the robe to tuck the cash into her track pants pocket . 
 `` tell me what you saw , '' she says . 
 i still ca n't find a way to say it . 
 `` she -- '' tam starts , but madame waves at her . 
 `` i want her to tell me , '' she says , leaning toward me . 
 her voice is soft and understanding , very motherly . 
 `` it 's ok . 
 i know this is all so new , so uncomfortable . 
 you 'd rather crawl out of your skin than tell me about it , right ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i guess . '' 
 `` i 've been there . 
 i was your age when i started seeing these fleeting images coming off people in the street . 
 turns out i was seeing bits of the spirits who were hanging around , trying to communicate with the living . 
 try explaining that to you mother at age sixteen , right ? '' 
 `` my mom 's not around , '' i say . 
 `` that 's tough . 
 but how about this . 
 you just try to describe the picture you saw that got marlene so worked up she dragged you out here , ok ? 
 can you just tell me what the image looked like ? 
 think of me like a doctor , honey . 
 anything you say here is confidential , and none of your friends will ever repeat it , right guys ? '' 
 my friends all agree , and i 'm left with my nightmare : everyone looking at me , waiting for me to describe how strange i am . 
 `` i saw a girl glowing in the dark . '' 
 `` glowing ? '' 
 asks the psychic . 
 `` bright yellow . '' 
 `` where did you see this ? 
 in a dream ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i saw it in the real world . 
 the girl goes to our school . 
 she looks normal to everyone else , but when i look at her , i see a yellow light all around her . '' 
 madame knight smiles . 
 `` that 's easy , sweetheart . 
 you 're seeing this girl 's aura . '' 
 `` aura ? '' 
 i ask . 
 i know the word , but i 've never really thought about what it means . 
 `` everyone has one . 
 it 's the inner light . 
 some people are so sensitive that they can actually see it . 
 all auras are unique , just like people . 
 they 're different colours , sometimes it seems like the colour is moving around . 
 is it like that ? '' 
 `` yeah , but hers is just yellow . '' 
 `` and this girl , is she someone special to you ? '' 
 i wonder if this lady is asking if i like-like girls , but i ignore it . 
 `` no . 
 she 's just some girl . 
 older than us . '' 
 `` dina jennings , '' marlene blurts out . 
 `` we found her in the yearbook . '' 
 madame nods , but obviously the name does n't mean much to her . 
 `` and this dina is the only person whose aura you can see ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i see it every time i see her at school . '' 
 `` and you do n't see this around anyone else ? 
 no red auras around boys , blue auras around teachers ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 just this one girl . '' 
 `` well , ' says madame , `` i bet this dina just has a particularly strong aura , that 's all . 
 and you 're a little bit sensitive to these things , so you can see her aura but you ca n't see everyone else 's . 
 i bet as you go through life , from time to time you 'll see others with auras like hers . 
 nothing to worry about . 
 some people have a prophetic dream every couple years , some people get gut instincts that tell them not to get on a plane that ends up crashing . 
 and some see auras every once in a while . '' 
 `` but it predicted the future , '' marlene says . 
 `` the yellow thing -- aura -- it was , like , out to get her . '' 
 `` how 's that ? '' 
 the psychic seems puzzled . 
 `` when i first saw the aura , '' i say , `` it was sort of reaching out , touching the streetlights as the girl -- dina -- walked home . 
 it made all the lights go out . 
 then the next day it seems like it was focused around her left foot , and that 's when dina 's shoe broke and she tripped and fell . '' 
 `` you saw that ? 
 before it happened , you knew something was going to hurt her left foot ? '' 
 madame turns away from me , reaches behind the sheet that blocked off the rest of the trailer , and retrieves a plastic bag full of cheap indian reservation cigarettes . 
 she lights up , her hands shaking just a bit so the lighter flame quivers , and then she takes a long drag . 
 `` then i 'm afraid you 're not looking at an aura . '' 
 `` what is it then ? '' 
 `` you 're looking at a curse . '' 
 `` a what now ? '' 
 asks tam , her voice just as sarcastic as usual . 
 `` like abracadabra , double double toil and trouble ? 
 that kinda curse ? '' 
 she chuckles at the thought . 
 i 'm still looking at madame , but i just know tam 's shaking her head and making a `` this is stupid '' face . 
 madame ignores the sarcasm . 
 `` witchcraft , yes . 
 well , curse is the wrong word . 
 more like a hex . 
 and if you laugh one more time you 'll be waiting outside . '' 
 `` witchcraft . '' 
 i say , waving my arms . 
 `` um ? 
 you want to elaborate ? '' 
 `` it 's a hex . 
 hexes are someone 's ill will made real . 
 bad feelings brought to life and set loose on some unsuspecting victim . 
 a couple hundred years ago , you 'd see hexes hanging onto half the people around here , but it 's not so common anymore . '' 
 `` so why can i see it ? '' 
 `` like i said , some people are just born that way and others get their gifts around your age . 
 hexes are rare . 
 this is probably just the first time you ever actually saw a hex , so it 's the first time you discovered that you can see them . '' 
 i ca n't believe this . 
 it seems way too crazy . 
 `` a hex . '' 
 `` sounds like it . 
 i ca n't see ` em myself , but if this thing 's reaching out and making life worse on this dina girl , then yeah . 
 she 's hexed . '' 
 `` so what do we do about it ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` what you mean do ? '' 
 `` how do we un-hex her ? '' 
 `` i 'm not a witch , i 'm a psychic reader . 
 i 'm really no expert on this . 
 but from what i know , i can tell you this : it 'll go away on its own . 
 like i said , a hex is one person 's bad feelings projected onto another . 
 but over time those feelings will level off and fade away , and so will the hex . 
 turning off lights , tripping her , that 's pretty weak stuff . 
 i 'd say whoever did this has no real power and they probably just read about hexing on the internet . 
 i bet they do n't even realize that their hex worked . 
 give it a few weeks , and as the bad feelings weaken , so will the hex . '' 
 `` but what if the bad feelings get stronger ? 
 the hex will get worse ? 
 it already upgraded from turning off the lights to making her scrape her knee . 
 i mean , what if next time it trips her into traffic ? '' 
 `` or maybe it will make her spill her coffee . 
 oooh , scary ! '' 
 says tam . 
 the psychic shoots her a look that makes her shut up . 
 `` this is n't funny , kid , and you will keep your mouth shut ! '' 
 she orders . 
 `` oh come on , guys , you do n't really believe all this ? '' 
 tam asks us . 
 `` you can wait outside , '' says madame . 
 `` no , she 's fine . 
 she 'll shut up , '' i say , looking over my shoulder at ryan , raising my eyebrows to say ` control your girlfriend . ' 
 i look back at madame and ask a question that i 'm not sure i actually believe . 
 `` you do readings here . 
 see the future ? '' 
 `` i see a likely outcome , but the future 's never set . 
 like i said , sometimes you walk right into the prophecy , like there was nothing you could do to change it . 
 other times , my words are enough to change how you act , and you avoid the prediction . 
 i just try to give folks a little guidance . '' 
 that sounds like a convenient way to say she makes no guarantees , but i 'm not looking to start a fight . 
 i 'd actually like to have some help . 
 `` can you see my future ? 
 or , dina 's ? 
 can you tell me if the hex will go away or if it will get worse ? '' 
 `` i can try to offer guidance , but i 've never met this girl . 
 what i see will be for you , not for her . '' 
 `` ok . '' 
 she slides the crystal ball in front of me and tells me to place my hands on it , then she puts her own hands on top of mine . 
 `` just relax and let me see what i can see , '' she tells me . 
 `` i see a yellow light , lashing out . 
 it 's like it has six arms . '' 
 `` tentacles , '' i say , before i can even stop myself . 
 `` yes . 
 tentacles . 
 it 's strong , bright . 
 i expected to feel the typical emotions of ill will : jealousy , hatred . 
 this is more like anger . 
 someone 's very mad at this girl . '' 
 `` so it 's getting worse ? '' 
 `` shh . '' 
 the psychic looks at me , and at the air around my head . 
 it 's a strange thing , having someone look through you . 
 i 'm just hoping that i 'm not being scammed . 
 `` oh for god 's sake , all she did was repeat what you told her and make some stuff up , '' says tam . 
 the psychic 's nostrils flare . 
 `` you , tamara , will get your ass kicked very soon . 
 someone 's gon na put you in the hospital . '' 
 she does n't say it as a threat , just a statement of fact . 
 tam goes silent , and i can hear ryan whispering something to keep her calm . 
 `` anything else ? 
 can i help this girl ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` your future is very confusing , '' she says . 
 `` i see two possibilities on top of each other . 
 normally i see one image clearly but with you i never get a single image . 
 always two , superimposed like a double exposure . 
 it 's hard to make out . '' 
 `` convenient , '' says tam , her voice absolutely icy . 
 `` and the person who kicks your ass will break your arm , too . 
 you might want to look into your parents ' health plan , kid . '' 
 again , it does n't sound like she 's threatening tam , just offering a tough truth . 
 she looks back at me . 
 `` it 's a mess . 
 whatever 's ahead of you , it 's going to define who you are . 
 and at the end of this stream of double exposures there 's just one thing i see . 
 well , not really a vision , more like a feeling . 
 it 's very familiar to me , since it 's the most common feeling people have me seek out when they come here . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` at the end of this , it 's your mother . 
 if you listen to your mother , you 'll be ok . '' 
 i yank my hands off the crystal and stand up . 
 tam gasps behind me and i 'm already heading for the door . 
 `` something bother you ? '' 
 the phony in the robe asks . 
 `` some psychic , '' i say . 
 `` i ca n't believe i almost fell for it . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 she asks , indignant . 
 `` listen to my mother ? 
 how can i do that ? '' 
 i 'm absolutely seething that this phony psychic almost made me believe her . 
 how dare she ? 
 i shout , which i do n't like to do , but i just ca n't help it . 
 `` my mother 's dead ! '' 
 i storm out of the trailer before i have to listen to another word from madame fraud . 
 tam and ryan follow right after me , and we 're twenty feet away before marlene comes out of the trailer , running to catch up . 
 there are tears in my eyes but i 'm holding them back . 
 i 'm not gon na let some trailer trash fraud see me cry . 
 we get to the car and ryan uses his remote to unlock it so i can get in . 
 tam climbs in the back next to me . 
 `` i 'm so sorry i made you come , '' she says . 
 i just want to go home . 
 not even ryan , the eternal optimist , tries to say anything to lighten the mood . 
 we ride back to blue ribbon in silence , except for the radio , which none of us are listing to . 
 4 wednesday , november 7 my mother died three years ago . 
 when i was little she was a great mom , the sort of person that happy kids remember when they grow up . 
 then she changed . 
 actually , maybe she never changed , i just became smart enough to see what she was really like . 
 by the time i was nine , i realized that other adults were uncomfortable around my mother , and that they often talked behind her back . 
 pretty soon i figured out that my mother had a reputation as the town 's crazy lady , and soon i started to see it too . 
 i know that she definitely got worse that year . 
 she went from being a doting mother who sometimes spaced out or said strange things , to deliberately going out to harass people . 
 we had the cops called to our house a lot . 
 i do n't recall any police visits when i was little , but in the year i was nine they came seven times . 
 the neighbours saw it , and soon enough i was hearing about it at school . 
 i went from being just like any girl to being the daughter of the crazy woman . 
 eventually , my mother harassed somebody enough that she had a restraining order put on her . 
 -lrb- an order which mom broke repeatedly . -rrb- 
 eventually , her harassment of this other woman got so bad that she was arrested and jailed . 
 soon enough , the doctors were saying she was insane , and they locked her in a facility a couple hours south of here . 
 something about being locked up must have just killed her inside , because every time i went to visit her , she was thinner , paler , and crazier . 
 she went from being a healthy , round-faced woman to a skeleton with wild eyes . 
 for the first little while , she 'd hold it together when we visited . 
 she 'd smile and ask about school and read stories to devon . 
 but after an hour or so , she 'd start to get twitchy , irritable , and angry with the nurses . 
 our visits never lasted long after that . 
 by the end , she was n't able to put on the normal face at all anymore . 
 she could n't play sane for me and devon when we came to visit . 
 she was just crazy all the time . 
 the insanity turned into rage , and she would often direct that rage at us . 
 i was about to graduate eighth grade , and my mother was descending into complete madness so severe that she terrified me . 
 the summer i turned thirteen , she died one night , in her sleep . 
 whatever it was that drained her , and made her refuse to eat , it finally caught up and killed her . 
 for the last three years that i knew her , she was a wide-eyed maniac , and in the end she barely knew me . 
 i spent the last years of my mother 's life making excuses not to have to see her because i was so scared of her , and the two years since then feeling like the world 's worst daughter because of it . 
 so when madame knight in her trailer-park robe tells me to listen to my mother , all i hear is the sound of the kids who have taunted me for the last five years , telling me i 'll be just as crazy as her . 
 i 'll never be that way , crystal ball be damned . 
 i 'm back at school , hoping to forget all about madame tracksuit and get back to normal . 
 there 's only one problem : dina is still glowing . 
 her aura now has seems to have two tentacles and they never fade back into the blob of light around her . 
 they just exist , all the time . 
 i 'm in the upstairs hallway by my locker , and she just came around the corner . 
 she 's still pretty , but it seems like she is n't getting much sleep . 
 she has bags under her eyes , she looks pale , and instead of styling her hair today she just pulled it into a ponytail . 
 i do n't want to look at her , so i stuff my binder into my backpack and head in the other direction . 
 this is actually the longest possible way to get to my first period class , but at least i wo n't have to walk through those tentacle things . 
 and just to be clear : seeing tentacles does not mean i 'm crazy like my mother . 
 it 's something wrong with her , not with me . 
 i have to head back to my locker after second period to swap a different binder and textbook into my backpack . 
 i 'm running up the stairs , making good time , when i see the yellow haze heading my way . 
 our school is two floors , and the stairs between the floors have two flights . 
 you go half-way , reach a wide landing , turn around and head up the second flight to reach the second floor . 
 i 've just made the turn when i see that dina jennings is at the top of the stairs , heading down toward me . 
 those yellow snakes are still flailing around her , and if i pass her on the stairs , those things will pass right through me . 
 that just seems gross , so i 'm going to pause on the landing for a moment , and let her pass by . 
 if i keep my back flat against the wall , she should go past me without the tentacles getting close . 
 but then i see one of the tentacles shoot straight out from her . 
 it seems to latch onto a binder tucked under a boy 's arm . 
 the boy is talking to his friend , rushing up the stairs like everyone else . 
 and like all those other kids he does n't see the invisible snake of light that 's now making his binder glow . 
 he reaches the landing and turns with everyone else , heading up the second flight of stairs to the top floor of the school , and he passes close by dina . 
 that 's when the tentacle yanks back on his book . 
 to everyone else , it would look like the plastic binder just slipped out of the kid 's grip . 
 after all , it was just tucked under his arm ; not like he was holding it tightly . 
 the binder falls to the steps , and bounces downward . 
 as it falls , it flies open , and the thin plastic cover manages to bounce directly under dina 's foot . 
 she steps on the binder , it tips and slides under her weight , and pitches her forward . 
 she 's only four steps from the landing , not enough for this to kill her , but it will be a bad fall if she lands the wrong way , and i bet her aura will make sure that she does . 
 somehow , without really thinking about it , i 've stepped a little closer . 
 i 'm basically right under her now , and since i use my backpack to carry everything , my hands are free . 
 dina jennings is fully airborne , launched over the steps , legs flailing beneath her but finding nothing to stand on . 
 i hold my arms out , and she thumps into me . 
 her elbow hits me square in the middle of my chest and knocks the air out of me , but i break her fall and she lands on her feet . 
 thankfully neither of us has done an embarrassing face-plant in front of everyone here . 
 i want to say something to her , but i 'm trying to catch my breath . 
 she looks at me , realizes that i saved her from embarrassment and injury , and then sees that everyone has stopped to look at us . 
 she blushes , nods to me , mutters a weak thanks , and takes off down the next flight of steps . 
 i 'm still catching my breath , gasping and rubbing the spot where her elbow hit me . 
 wayne shepherd , a senior who 's head of the student council , is coming down the stairs . 
 wayne 's got a good face for campaign posters : square jaw , dimples , blue eyes . 
 -lrb- is he smiling at me ? -rrb- 
 he pats me on the shoulder . 
 `` nice catch , vefreet , '' he says as he passes . 
 i 'm absolutely shocked that he knows my name , but maybe learning every student 's name is some skill he has practiced to get people to vote for him . 
 i retreat to my locker and start to swap out books in my backpack , but my chest still hurts and my mind is racing . 
 dina 's aura is still there . 
 it 's getting stronger . 
 it tried to trip her down the stairs . 
 maybe madame knight was a fraud , but she probably backed it up with some basic knowledge of the supernatural . 
 so even though her prediction for my future was a bunch of vagaries and lies , she might have been right about dina . 
 the poor girl really is hexed . 
 the hallway is mostly empty now . 
 half of the kids are in their third period classes , and the other half are lining up in the cafeteria . 
 i stuff my backpack into my locker , deciding i do n't need it . 
 i 'm going to skip third period history class today . 
 i head back to the stairs , to go down to the library . 
 i need to start looking into hexes . 
 as third period turns into fourth , marlene , tam and ryan find me in the library after i was n't in the usual hallway spot for lunch . 
 i 'm on a computer near the back of the library , looking up the occult , witchcraft , and trying to find specifics on hexes . 
 after asking what i 'm doing and listening to me explain why i missed lunch , everyone sits down and we pull our chairs into a huddle . 
 `` someone is doing this to her , '' i say . 
 `` and it 's getting worse . 
 their bad feelings are getting stronger each day , '' tam adds . 
 `` maybe she 's got an angry ex-boyfriend ? '' 
 ryan wonders aloud . 
 `` i have a plan , '' i tell them . 
 `` marlie , i need you to figure out how to break a hex . 
 get into your weird websites , we want real details about what has to happen . 
 nothing vague or theoretical . 
 i want instructions or a recipe or whatever . '' 
 i turn to tam and ryan and keep talking . 
 `` the three of us need to figure a way into this dina girl 's life . 
 figure out who 's mad at her , who 's into the occult , stuff like that . 
 once we know how to break the curse we 'll have to know who 's responsible . '' 
 marlene interrupts me . 
 `` i already looked it up , '' she says . 
 `` after madame knight told you all that , i went home and checked out hexing on some wicca websites . 
 `` so what do we do ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` a hex requires four things . 
 an item belonging to the victim , an item belonging to the caster , a spoken incantation , and the willpower to sustain the hex over time . 
 the stronger your will , the stronger your bad feeling , the more powerful the hex . 
 there are other things that boost the strength of the hex , too , but i do n't know what they do exactly . '' 
 `` what do they do with the objects ? '' 
 tam asks . 
 marlie blurts it out , unable to contain this exciting knowledge : `` bind them together . 
 a hex is a connection between a witch and a victim , so the personal belongings are bound together to create a talisman . 
 if you can destroy the talisman , separate the items , i think that will break the connection between the witch and the victim . '' 
 `` so if we can figure out who 's behind this hex , '' i say , `` we can find the talisman and destroy it . '' 
 `` yeah , '' says tam . 
 `` that , or cast your own incantation that 's even stronger than theirs , to cancel it out . 
 i mean , that should work , right ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 the websites never mentioned that but i can look up counter-spells , '' says marlene . 
 `` so what 's the plan , miz spellbreaker ? '' 
 tam asks me . 
 i shrug . 
 `` it 's like on a tv detective show . 
 we need to know who has motive and opportunity . 
 talk to people in the girl 's life , find suspects , and flush ` em out . 
 people with motive are the ones who do n't like her and people with opportunity are the ones who know about magic . '' 
 i might not have a choice about seeing the hex , but at least i can do something about it . 
 from this moment on , i 'm on the case . 
 i will stop this thing . 
 5 i 'm at home , sitting at the kitchen table across from my dad and devon . 
 dad made macaroni and cheese tonight , and i 'm having some carrots so it 's at least a little bit healthy . 
 we do n't have a lot to say . 
 we 've had some form of pasta every night for the last week , or at least seems that way to me . 
 dad makes some small talk with devon about school , but i 'm not really paying attention . 
 i 'm just staring at my cheap little phone and absentmindedly shoveling noodles into my mouth . 
 i should stop waiting for the phone to ring . 
 it 's not going to ring just because i 'm staring at it . 
 -lrb- ugh , i 'm still staring -rrb- . 
 you might have guessed i 'm waiting for a call . 
 ryan is a year older than us , so he can be on senior sports teams . 
 he plays on the basketball team , even though by `` play '' i mean he sits on the bench . 
 tam goes to see every game , and i go too sometimes . 
 tonight i did n't want to go , as i knew i 'd just be distracted the whole time . 
 after the game , we have a plan where ryan will talk to one of the senior guys on the team and see if anyone is going out with dina jennings . 
 it might be awkward for him if word gets out that he 's asking about a senior girl , but he said he wanted to help us investigate , plus everyone knows he 's with tam so they 'd assume he was asking for a friend . 
 now i 'm just waiting for tam to call and tell me what ryan said . 
 we ca n't afford a cell phone plan , and even though i 've applied for some jobs around town , i 've never been able to get one . 
 we 're a small town , so the only real jobs are mom and pop stores , waitressing , or working for the hockey rink . 
 i 've applied for them all , but so have every other teenager in blue ribbon . 
 last year my dad gave me a phone for my birthday , and every once in a while i save allowance or birthday money to buy some prepaid minutes . 
 i only have about ten minutes left now , and i could have just told tam to call the landline , but for some reason i insisted she call my cell . 
 i guess maybe i 'm taking this all personally , like i only want to hear it through my own personal phone , but now i 've got the phone on the table next to my plate and i 'm staring at it . 
 a watched phone never rings . 
 after my macaroni 's gone i munch on two more baby carrots before i excuse myself from the table and flee with my phone to my bedroom . 
 tam calls me up just as i pass through my door . 
 i close the door tight before i answer , and given my limited phone minutes , i get right to the point . 
 `` so what happened ? '' 
 i say , plopping into my bed with the phone against my head . 
 `` her boyfriend did it , '' she says matter-of-factly . 
 `` what ? 
 how do you know ? '' 
 `` well , her ex-boyfriend . 
 she dumped the guy last week . 
 think about it , she breaks the guy 's heart a few days ago and then suddenly she gets cursed ? 
 obviously it was him . '' 
 `` ok . 
 probably -- '' `` probably ? 
 you mean ` awesome job tam and ryan , way to crack the case , ' right ? '' 
 `` just tell me what ryan got . 
 who did he talk to , who said what ? '' 
 `` he asked chris , you know that really tall guy who ca n't make a free throw ? 
 he 's a senior and he 's cool to the juniors , so ryan talked to him . 
 he said that someone was asking him to find out about dina and see what her situation was . '' 
 `` ok , so what did chris say ? '' 
 `` she was dating a guy named mason charles , and they were together for six months , and then last thursday she dumped him ... with a text message . 
 i guess he was really mad about it , she completely blindsided him . 
 seems like the sort of thing that would cause someone to get magic-cursing pissed , eh ? '' 
 `` for sure , '' i say . 
 `` i only have five more minutes and i got ta call marlie . 
 t.t.y.l. '' `` later ! '' 
 she hangs up . 
 i quickly dial marlene 's house . 
 marlene also does n't have a real cell phone , so i have to call her landline . 
 thankfully , she answers . 
 it would suck to waste my last five minutes waiting for her mom to tell marlie there was a call . 
 `` hey , '' i say . 
 `` i do n't have a ton of minutes on my phone so we got ta talk quick . '' 
 `` ok . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 marlene seems distracted , not paying a ton of attention to the phone call . 
 `` you find anything out about this curse ? '' 
 `` hex . 
 the word is hex , '' she corrects me . 
 `` whatever . '' 
 marlie sighs , `` no , not whatever . 
 a curse is voodoo , a hex is witchcraft . '' 
 `` ok , marlene . 
 i bow to your occult knowledge . 
 just tell me the sitch . '' 
 `` you described a yellow aura , but nothing online really talks about auras . 
 but the things you describe , lights turning off , tripping and falling , etc. . 
 it sounds like a bad luck hex . 
 basically , she 's always going to run into the bad version of a given situation . 
 the odds are always against her . 
 kind of a weak hex . 
 beginner witchcraft . '' 
 `` it tried to throw her down the stairs , '' i point out . 
 `` no , it tried to make her step on a slippery binder on the stairs . 
 bad luck hex , not a hex that 's set to injure or to maim or to kill . '' 
 `` so what 's a hex that 's harder to do ? 
 if this is beginner , what 's advanced ? '' 
 `` love spell ? 
 that seems to be hard . 
 there 's one called ` the hole in the bucket ' that this website says is really bad . 
 and another one that i 've only seen mentioned on the cache of a deleted forum . 
 they call it a deathspell . '' 
 `` jeez . 
 ok . 
 i guess a death spell would n't bother with turning off the streetlights . 
 but what about the bad luck hex ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asks , finally paying more attention to me than to her computer . 
 `` can this thing keep getting worse ? 
 i mean , if this person keeps amping up their anger to boost the spell , can this thing kill her ? 
 just how bad is bad luck ? '' 
 before marlie can answer , my phone goes dead . 
 i could call her back on the house phone but i do n't bother . 
 she was too focused on her computer anyway . 
 we can talk tomorrow . 
 i head down to the rec room to watch tv , but i ca n't focus . 
 somewhere in this town , in this very neighbourhood , dina jennings is in a house full of kitchen utensils , household chemicals , and god knows how many stairs and potential tripping hazards . 
 and between her and them , there 's a yellow monster she ca n't see , and its only purpose is to take those normal everyday objects and turn them in weapons against her . 
 6 thursday , november 8 `` hey matty , '' i say in the cafeteria at school . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 tam and i have been roaming the hallways for most of the lunch period , looking for matty charles , who is mason charles ' little brother . 
 matty 's a freshman , a year younger than us , and from the looks of it , he 's a real nerd . 
 we 've finally found him in a corner of the cafeteria , sitting with one other boy , playing some kind of card game . 
 `` um , '' he squirms . 
 maybe girls do n't talk to him very much . 
 `` just , um , building my deck . '' 
 i sit down on the bench near him , and tam circles around to sit on the other side with matty 's friend . 
 `` my name 's tam , and this is mindee , '' tam says . 
 the boys are looking at us like we 're aliens . 
 honestly , if you ever feel a little ugly or chubby , talk to a nervous ninth-grader and suddenly you 're so attractive that boys shiver in your very presence . 
 `` how 's it going ? '' 
 his friend asks . 
 `` i 'm john . '' 
 `` hi john . 
 i just wanted to talk to matty , you think you could give us a minute ? '' 
 tam coos . 
 `` ok , '' he says . 
 he 's running away before she even gets the words out . 
 he leaves his backpack and lunch kit on the table and runs off toward the vending machines . 
 `` matty , you 're mason 's brother right ? '' 
 she asks . 
 i 'm thanking god that tam 's doing the talking because i 'm not sure i could figure out a way to talk to this kid . 
 `` yeah , '' he says , looking disappointed that girls have come to talk to him , but it 's about his older brother . 
 `` he just broke up with that girl he was dating , right ? '' 
 tam probes . 
 `` i guess . '' 
 `` you guess ? '' 
 matty grunts . 
 `` well , he 's been a total dick for the last week , when he 's not moping in his room . '' 
 `` so you figure she dumped him ? 
 not the other way around ? '' 
 i ask , even though i already know the answer . 
 `` yeah , she totally crushed him , '' he says . 
 tam goes back to asking the questions : `` was he mad about that ? '' 
 `` hell yeah . 
 he 's been a total dick ever since . '' 
 we sit in silence for a moment , not sure what to ask next . 
 finally , i see the logo on his card game and decide to ask the most obvious question . 
 `` what are you guys playing over here ? '' 
 `` magic cards . '' 
 `` oh , magic huh ? 
 you know anything else about magic ? '' 
 he looks confused . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you know , '' i 'm trying to phrase this right but i 'm terrible with words . 
 `` do you guys know anything about actual magic ? 
 real magic ? '' 
 he fidgets with the stack of cards in his hands and seems to blush a little . 
 `` are you ... '' he starts . 
 `` are you ... hitting on me ? '' 
 now it 's my turn to blush . 
 i come here to do a good deed and help dina , and end up with a nerdy ninth grader drawing wildly embarrassing conclusions . 
 `` no ! 
 not what i meant ! '' 
 `` oh , '' he says , looking a little disappointed -lrb- which is good , right ? -rrb- 
 `` then what did you mean ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 just a question for my , um , sociology assignment . '' 
 `` sociology ? '' 
 i think he realizes that there is no sociology class offered in blue ribbon . 
 `` thanks for the help , matty . 
 good luck in your card game thing , '' tam says , saving me from the horrors of having to talk any longer . 
 we 're out of the cafeteria and back in our comfortable upstairs hallway as fast as we can get there without running . 
 we 're both turning pink from a combination of stifled laughter and embarrassment , and as we get closer to our lockers we break down and start laughing out loud . 
 `` you are such a terrible detective , '' tam says between laughs . 
 `` i wanted to ask some of the questions , '' i say . 
 `` i felt bad that you were doing all the talking . '' 
 `` and then he thought you were hot for him ! '' 
 she breaks into laughter again . 
 i ignore that comment , stare straight ahead , and keep walking . 
 just as we lean against the lockers and sit on the floor , i get distracted by the yellow aura entering the hallway . 
 dina jennings heads to her locker , which is about halfway down the hall from us , and i see one of those tentacles -lrb- of which there are now three -rrb- reach into the locker . 
 `` hey , watch out ! '' 
 i blurt , before i can stop myself . 
 dina looks at me as she pulls the locker door open . 
 a textbook falls out , and the corner of the book hits her in the thigh . 
 she yelps in pain and the book hits the floor with a loud bang , and the small handful of people in the hallway all turn to look at her . 
 she looks even worse now , like she does n't sleep at all . 
 the book did n't seem to hurt her much , but the social awkwardness of everyone looking at her seems to be a really big deal to her . 
 she punches the next locker in frustration , picks up her book and throws it on the top shelf before slamming the locker door hard . 
 whatever she came here to get , she 's forgotten it as she snaps her lock into place and kicks the door . 
 she 's probably had a ton of things trip her , fall on her , and otherwise bother her for the last three days and it 's obviously getting to her . 
 she kicks the locker a second time , and even this far away i can see the tendons in her neck tense up like she 's about to start screaming in anger . 
 instead , she sprints away and around the corner . 
 a moment later we hear a door slam . 
 `` washroom , '' tam says . 
 `` you should go talk to her . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you could find out who holds a grudge . 
 maybe it 's not mason , '' she says , but that 's a flimsy excuse . 
 tam 's just trying to force me to ingratiate myself into dina 's life . 
 i 'm not buying it . 
 `` it 's totally mason . 
 and why do n't you talk to her ? 
 i 'm the one who 's not a good detective , remember ? '' 
 `` but you have a reason to talk to her . 
 you caught her on the stairs . 
 that 's your icebreaker . '' 
 god , this is starting to sound like it does when tam tries to coach me to talk to boys . 
 `` fine , '' i say . 
 `` i 'll go see if she 's even in there . '' 
 i head around the corner and into the ladies ' room , where i find dina standing by the counter with her face red , hair ruffled , teeth clenched and hands rubbing her eyes . 
 `` um , hi , '' i say . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 she asks . 
 she pulls her hair out of the ponytail and shakes it out , so now i ca n't see her face behind the curtain of hair . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 i ask as gently as possible . 
 `` what do you care ? '' 
 `` well , yesterday i caught you when you fell down the stairs and today you 're freaking out , so i thought -- '' `` -- that i 'm a freak ? 
 some kind of insane spaz ? '' 
 she 's really on edge . 
 i wish i was good at talking to people . 
 this is just too hard . 
 `` i just thought maybe you 'd want to vent . 
 bitch about everything that sucks in the world . 
 trust me , i know . '' 
 she pulls her hair back again , and under the light i can see that her face is n't quite right . 
 she 's done a good enough job with the makeup that most people wo n't notice , but she has a big bruise on the side of her face , around her temple . 
 `` what happened to your face ? '' 
 i ask . 
 she looks appalled that i noticed . 
 `` what ? 
 nothing . 
 i just fell into a wall . '' 
 `` ok . '' 
 `` and do n't act all fake like when i say i fell into a wall what i really mean is that someone beats me . 
 i actually fell into a wall . 
 tripped over my shoelaces . '' 
 `` i bet that 's happening a lot . '' 
 `` what ? 
 is that a joke ? '' 
 she 's really pissed at me now . 
 i should filter my brain before i talk . 
 `` who the hell are you , anyway ? '' 
 `` i 'm mindee . 
 we live around the corner from each other ? 
 we walk home the same way a lot . '' 
 i hope to god she does n't think it 's creepy that i know where she lives . 
 `` great , i have a stalker . '' 
 -lrb- ok , so that did n't work . -rrb- 
 `` can i tell you something crazy ? '' 
 i ask , trying for a kind , conciliatory tone . 
 `` something you might not really believe ? '' 
 `` sure , '' she 's looking in the mirror , checking her makeup in the hope that no one else will see the bruise . 
 `` i knew that textbook was going to jump out at you . '' 
 she stops and looks at me . 
 `` you shouted . 
 before i opened the locker . '' 
 `` and i knew you were going to fall down the stairs , that 's why i stood there to catch you . '' 
 dina finally turns her body to face me , giving me her full attention for the first time . 
 and she is not happy with me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you 're cursed . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she demands again , her skin reddening with anger . 
 darn , this is not going well . 
 `` what did you just say ? '' 
 `` i can see things , sometimes . 
 strange things . 
 and you , well , you have a really bad energy that 's attached to you , trying to trip you up . 
 i think it 's a bad luck curse . '' 
 `` buzz off , kid , '' she says . 
 `` mindee . '' 
 she repeats my name as if it 's some kind of threat that she knows who i am now . 
 `` i can help . 
 if you know who might have wanted to curse you , i could maybe break the spell . '' 
 she looks at me like i 'm completely nuts . 
 her face is showing what i can only describe as disgust . 
 i almost expect her to hit me . 
 `` you are such a freak , '' she says . 
 `` all you weird goth kids who sit in the hallway and do n't have any friends , you all have nothing better to do than dream up fantasies about people who actually matter . '' 
 `` that 's not -- '' i try to say something but she 's on a full-blown rant now . 
 i guess i deserve it , since i did offer to let her vent . 
 `` you see that i 'm not a fatass and that boys actually like me and i 'm on student council and that i 'm going to go to college and get out of this town and you dream up stupid magical crap to try to make yourself feel better . 
 ` oooh , dina 's not a cool person who 's going to go on to a life of success , she 's actually cursed by magic gypsies to fall down the stairs ! ' 
 you even realize how stupid you sound ? 
 get lost ! '' 
 i want to say something to her . 
 i want to tell her that i 'm trying to help her , that i do n't know anything about all this magic stuff , that i 'm not goth and not fricking fat . 
 but everything about this girl is so damned irritating that i ca n't even find words . 
 her tantrum has completely gutted me . 
 is that what people see of me ? 
 i 'm not a girl with a couple really good friends , i 'm a loser who other people say is fat ? 
 i know i 'm close to breaking down in front of dina and i 'm not going to let her see me crack . 
 one of her tentacles is holding onto the cold water tap , making it glow just like it made her shoe glow , just like it make that binder on the stairs glow . 
 i could warn her about it , but why bother ? 
 i slump , shrinking my shoulders in , and leave the washroom . 
 as the door closes behind me , i hear a blast of water hitting the sink , and i know it 's coming out so fast that it probably sprayed all over dina . 
 she shrieks so loud other people in the hallway turn and look at the washroom door . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 tamara asks when i return to our lockers , my face red , eyes wet . 
 ryan has joined her , and they 're sitting against the lockers , snacking on their bagged lunches . 
 `` i hope the bitch is soaked , '' i say . 
 tam looks shocked , but also entertained by my angry mood . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` she does n't deserve help . 
 she 's awful . 
 no wonder someone hexed her . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 she repeats . 
 `` she yelled at me . 
 insulted us , told me i 'm a weird fat goth freak . '' 
 ryan makes a face . 
 `` you 're not goth . 
 you do n't even wear black . '' 
 `` not the point , ry . '' 
 tam says as she pats him on the knee like he 's a dumb dog . 
 `` gotcha . 
 so what are we going to do ? '' 
 i slump to the floor beside them . 
 `` i 'm gon na let the yellow thing make her life miserable until it fades away . 
 why should i try to help someone like that ? 
 she deserves to fall on her face a few times . '' 
 we manage to eat our lunches in the remaining few minutes of the lunch period , our investigation closed on the grounds that the victim deserves it . 
 7 i spent all of my lunch break still fuming over the things dina said to me . 
 to think i tried to help that girl . 
 i should have investigated whether or not she was a monster beforehand . 
 now in fifth period , i 'm sitting in chemistry class , the last class of the day , at my lab station with marlene . 
 i filled her in briefly before class about my encounter with dina and how i let the hex make the faucet spray her with water . 
 mrs. cole is using an overhead projector to show us some equations , but most of the class is using the darkness as convenient cover to lean on their desks and close their eyes . 
 only a few students are doing anything more than sleeping in the dark . 
 there 's bryan johns , the perfect student , taking notes at the front of the class , switching between four different pen colours . 
 by the window , viola arnason is looking at her own reflection in the glass . 
 viola is gorgeous , because her own face is viola 's only concern in life . 
 i swear i have never , ever , noticed her doing anything other than looking at her own reflection . 
 at the other side of the room , poor janelle haas is trying to pay attention , but her lab partner is melanie woods , the attention-starved class clown . 
 melanie has taken to wearing a red bow-tie around her neck and is currently folding binder paper into origami and trying to make janelle notice . 
 as i look around , suddenly engrossed in this little bout of people-watching , i wonder what it 's like in dina 's senior classes . 
 do they have the same mix of goofballs , vain princesses and studious nerds ? 
 is there someone in another room of this same building , staring at dina and feeding the anger that powers the hex ? 
 i snap out of my daydream when the overhead projector dies , and the lights in the hallway also cut out . 
 for a second or two , there 's no power in the school at all , and then it comes on again . 
 the overhead hums as it comes back to life , the fluorescent lights in the hall flicker a bit before staying on . 
 mrs. cole carries on , making some lame joke about electrical conductivity . 
 i can hear a siren coming . 
 it 's still far away , but it 's coming closer . 
 i try to tell what type of siren it is , but i 'm not really good at that . 
 police , fire , ambulance , i do n't remember the difference . 
 at the side of the class near the window , every kid who has a view to the outside is peeking under the blinds to see . 
 even viola seems to be looking through the window rather that at her own reflection . 
 the siren has pulled right up to the school , and then it cuts out with a final blurp of sound . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 mrs. cole asks . 
 `` ambulance , '' says sarah santana , one of the students who had been napping through the lesson . 
 `` the emt guys just took a stretcher into the school . '' 
 mrs. cole shrugs . 
 `` well , i 'm sure they can handle it . 
 if this was anything that concerned us , there would have been an announcement . 
 eyes up front . '' 
 we all go back to looking at the screen -lrb- where mrs. cole 's precise penmanship on the overhead sheets is really quite impressive , -rrb- except for the kids who sit by the window , who are still staring outside for any sign of the emergency responders . 
 there 's a murmur at that side of the class . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 mrs. cole asks . 
 `` they 're taking a girl out , '' sarah tells her . 
 mrs. cole heads over to the window to look out , and a lot of students take that as permission to head over to the window and look for themselves . 
 soon , most of the class are standing by the windows , pulling open the blinds to look down at the front parking lot , where a paramedic is rolling out a stretcher with a brown-haired girl on it . 
 the girl is moving her arms , and from here it looks like she 's trying to get up , but the paramedics keep telling her to lie down . 
 they load her into the back of the ambulance , close the doors , and pull away . 
 mrs. cole orders us back to our seats , but the bell rings and school is over , so we all just start packing our backpacks . 
 `` did you see that ? '' 
 marlene asks me . 
 `` yeah , i saw . '' 
 we both saw that the girl on the stretcher was dina jennings . 
 five minutes later the word has spread throughout the school . 
 we hear it from ryan at our lockers . 
 dina was asked to unplug the extension cord for the tv after her class watched a video . 
 but there was something wrong with the outlet , and dina was electrocuted . 
 eventually , i realize the truth ; the undeniable consequence of this development . 
 the hex is going to kill her . 
 `` min , i know you said that she was mean , and that you do n't want to help her , '' ryan says . 
 `` but after this , what if it keeps getting worse ? 
 you might want to stop , but i 'm not going to . 
 we have to do something . '' 
 `` yeah , '' says tam . 
 `` we have find mason charles and figure out why he would do this to her . '' 
 `` ok , '' i agree . 
 `` let 's find him right now . '' 
 and the investigation is back on . 
 dammit . 
 we find mason charles in a downstairs hallway . 
 he 's on his way toward the side doors with one of his friends , and ryan waves at him , `` mase , can i talk to ya ? '' 
 his friend seems to be in a hurry , so mason waves for his buddy to leave and comes over to us . 
 mason charles is a big guy , very wide in the shoulders . 
 he 's got a thin chinstrap of facial hair and dark bags under his eyes . 
 with his large backpack on , he looks gigantic . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` my friend was wondering , '' ryan say , gesturing at me with a nod of his head , `` you heard if dina 's gon na be ok ? '' 
 `` what it matter to you ? '' 
 he asks me . 
 `` i do n't even know you . '' 
 `` i 'm mindee , i live close to her . 
 we 're sort of neighbors . 
 just thought maybe you had heard something . '' 
 mason shakes his head . 
 `` no , i was n't in that class so i heard the rumors same as everyone else . 
 hope they just took her away as a precaution . 
 if she 's really hurt ... '' he looks away and there 's a shimmer of water in his eyes . 
 he seems really worried about her . 
 `` my class faced the ambulance . 
 she was moving around , looked like she did n't want them to take her away . 
 i bet she 's ok , '' i say . 
 mason seems to take comfort in that . 
 `` that 's good . 
 i mean , i know we 're not going out anymore , but still . 
 it would suck if anything happened to her . 
 hopefully she can make it back to school tomorrow . '' 
 `` why ? 
 what 's tomorrow ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` it 's the first day of the campaign . 
 election for next semester 's student council president is in a couple weeks and dina wanted to win it . 
 she thought it would look good on college applications . '' 
 `` i 'm sure she 'll be fine , man , '' says ryan . 
 ryan 's a good guy . 
 he manages to say this in a way that seems to actually reassure mason instead of just being a platitude . 
 `` just tell her you 'll give her your vote , '' he says . 
 `` she 'll jump out of the hospital bed for three votes . '' 
 we chuckle a bit at the joke and mason nods a goodbye . 
 we wait until he 's gone before we talk about him . 
 `` seems really broken up that she 's hurt , '' ryan says . 
 `` i do n't think he 's your hexer . '' 
 `` maybe he feels guilty . 
 he could have cast it not expecting that to happen , '' i say , thinking out loud . 
 `` if that 's true , then his anger sure seems like it 's gone now . 
 if he did place the hex on her , it should be gone now , '' says tam . 
 `` then we 'll wait and see . 
 if his anger faded and the hex is gone , then everything 's fine . 
 but if she 's still hexed tomorrow , i have another suspect , '' i say and point at something on the wall . 
 there 's a small poster taped to the wall beside the doors . 
 it says ` re-elect wayne shepherd as sc president . 
 blue ribbon pride . ' 
 `` wayne shepherd ? '' 
 tam asks . 
 `` never trust a politician , right ? '' 
 `` dina could beat him if she tried . 
 seems like he might have a pretty good motive to cast some bad luck her way , '' i explain . 
 `` plus , every day the election gets closer , he could be getting more desperate to win . '' 
 `` and that would explain why the hex is getting stronger instead of weaker , '' says tam , realizing what i mean . 
 `` if this was about a break-up , the feelings would fade . 
 but if it 's building toward election day , it 'll get worse each day . '' 
 `` if she 's still cursed tomorrow , '' i say . 
 `` we might just have to express an interest in school politics . '' 
 8 friday , november 9 dina 's back at school this morning , with small groups clustering around her locker before the first bell , everyone wanting to tell her how much they care and ask if she 's ok . 
 i will not be one of those people . 
 after yesterday , i 'd much rather avoid talking to dina , even if i am still trying to save her life . 
 plus , i do n't need to get close to see that she 's still trapped inside that yellow aura . 
 if mason had cast the hex , and his feelings of anger powered it , then his remorse yesterday should have broken the hex . 
 that she still glows yellow means that either mason was n't guilty , or that he deserves an oscar for playing concerned so believably . 
 `` so , '' said tam when she saw me looking down the hall at dina . 
 `` what 's the prognosis ? '' 
 `` still infected , '' i deadpan . 
 `` looks like we 'll have to operate . '' 
 `` feel like asking wayne some questions ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` no , '' i say , turning my back on dina . 
 `` i want to join wayne 's campaign . '' 
 we 're eating lunch in the cafeteria when the student council election campaign begins . 
 while everyone 's eating , wayne and some of his friends are at one side of the room , running an extension cord to the closest outlet . 
 not many people are paying attention to them , but i am . 
 i 'm sitting with tam and marlene , who both bought hot lunches from the caf ' today , while i 'm eating a sandwich i brought from home . 
 tam said ryan had a basketball team meeting about some upcoming tournament , so he 's not around . 
 suddenly there 's blaring music from the side of the room , and everyone turns to see wayne climbing up onto a table while ac/dc blares from a small cd player next to him . 
 he steps a little too hard , and the cd skips as the tabletop bounces under his feet . 
 after everyone is looking , wayne 's helper -lrb- his girlfriend ? 
 i do n't know anything about seniors -rrb- turns off the music and he waves to everyone . 
 he talks really loud , almost shouting , as he delivers his pre-scripted speech . 
 `` hi everyone ! 
 i 'm wayne shepherd , your student council president for the first semester . 
 as you may know , the election is coming up in two weeks to choose a president for the spring semester . 
 i just want to say , that under my leadership , we 've seen increased turnout for dances , and for football and basketball games . 
 we 've also sold more official laurier high shirts and sweaters than ever , money which goes to funding the junior and senior proms at the end of the year . 
 considering that , i 'd say i 've accomplished an increase in school pride , and am announcing today that i am running for re-election for the sc president in the spring term . 
 i hope you all vote for me , and go wildcats ! '' 
 there 's an awkward moment where everyone watches him climb down from the table , and nobody claps or anything . 
 a few people shout encouragement , but mostly my fellow students do n't care . 
 gradually the cacophony of a hundred conversations picks back up and it 's as if wayne had never spoken at all . 
 this is our chance to spark up some conversation with our suspect . 
 i get up and pack my lunch into my backpack , and get the girls to come with me toward the table where wayne is organizing a bunch of photocopies and one of his friends is gathering up the extension cord . 
 `` hello , '' i say as we approach , making a little wave that i immediately regret because it looked stupid . 
 wayne looks up from his photocopies . 
 he 's got blue eyes and when he looks at me he makes really good eye contact . 
 jeez , this guy 's handsome . 
 -lrb- good god , get over it , mindee . -rrb- 
 `` oh , hey , '' he says . 
 he points at us , naming us from memory as he looks at me , tam , and marlie . 
 `` vefreet , abel , and ... darn i lost it . '' 
 `` leonardson . 
 marlene , '' she says , almost apologetically . 
 `` leonardson . 
 guess i just lost your vote , huh ? '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` it 's ok . '' 
 `` so what can i do for you girls ? 
 gon na vote in the election ? '' 
 i want to say something , but i 'm busy noticing that wayne has a bit of stubble on his jawline and it 's sort of like something you see on hunky romance-book-cover guys . 
 tam clears her throat and jumps in to save me . 
 `` we were wondering if we could help with your campaign at all . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 he asks , genuinely surprised . 
 `` we 're very interested in school politics . 
 mindee might even run for a council seat . '' 
 `` oh yeah ? '' 
 he asks , turning those eyes back at me . 
 `` not this election , '' i manage to say . 
 `` but in the spring , like , the election for next fall 's council . 
 maybe then . '' 
 `` very cool . 
 and yeah , you can help . '' 
 wayne points to the various stacks of pages on the table . 
 they are different campaign posters , each with a picture of wayne , his name in big letters , and the election date . 
 every poster is themed like a different joke , with wayne 's face photoshopped on different bodies . 
 there 's a santa wayne , with the line `` makes a great stocking stuffer ; '' a surfer dude wayne captioned with `` a wave of school pride ; '' wayne 's head on a werewolf body and the line `` transforming student council . '' 
 `` you guys can help us put up some posters . 
 we 're allowed one poster in each classroom , but it 's tough to get into each class since most of them have fourth period classes right now . '' 
 i laugh at the surfer guy poster and tell wayne that i like those . 
 `` yeah , sydney did all the work on these , '' he says , pointing to the blonde-haired girl sitting in front of the posters . 
 she 's pretty but too thin , with a really strong jaw and a pointy nose . 
 she 's looking at us like we 're a bunch of stupid little girls trailing after her boyfriend , and i guess that 's the role we 're playing . 
 `` this is my girlfriend sydney , sydney this is ... '' he smiles apologetically . 
 `` sorry , i try real hard to memorize names but your first names escape me . '' 
 we all say our first names , and sydney nods and smiles a little . 
 `` i 'm gon na take the cd player back to communication tech lab , and i 'll let sydney get you girls sorted out with some posters , ok ? '' 
 wayne and his friend take off , and we 're alone with sydney . 
 we did n't even get a chance to start talking to wayne about his rivals for the presidency , or specifically about dina . 
 i resign myself to talking to sydney . 
 `` so how can we help ? '' 
 i ask , sitting down across from her . 
 marlie and tam sit on either side of me . 
 `` we have to get posters up in each class , but we can only do it in the five minutes between periods , '' she says . 
 while she might look a little severe , her voice is actually very warm . 
 all three of us sit across from her and she explains how we should each take a hallway and try to put posters up in as many classes as possible between fourth and fifth period . 
 she gives us each an assortment of posters and a roll of scotch tape . 
 `` so , who else is even running ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i know last year we had the same president both terms . '' 
 `` lots of people are running , '' she says . 
 `` even people who have n't been on council or volunteered to sell clothes tried to run . 
 fortunately you have to have council experience to run for president so that limits the field to wayne and a few others . '' 
 `` anyone else have a shot to win ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` al kwan has been on council for years and he 's got lots of friends since he was on the football team . 
 that 's like 60 votes just from teammates . 
 and dina jennings is running . 
 i bet she 'll get a pity vote after she electrocuted herself . '' 
 `` oh that girl ? '' 
 i say , trying to act like i did n't realize who dina was . 
 `` she 's kind of a bitch though , right ? '' 
 sydney laughs out loud , actually having to cover her mouth with one hand to contain herself . 
 `` you got that right . 
 last month she actually proposed that council should arrange more assemblies first thing in the morning because she does n't like her first period math teacher . '' 
 we laugh a little . 
 tam interjects , `` but really it does n't seem like anyone can beat wayne . 
 he 's so good at all those speeches . '' 
 thank god tam 's willing to sound like she 's the one all gaga over wayne . 
 sadly , i might be a little too fawning if i had to say something like that . 
 sydney shrugs . 
 `` you should see him rehearsing . 
 he 's like a little kid with all his notes . 
 memorizing everything all the time . 
 he works really hard for council . '' 
 `` so you figure he 'll win ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i dunno . 
 i half expect dina to show up for the debate showing a bunch of cleavage and then all the boys will vote for her just so they can see her at all the assemblies . '' 
 `` you guys got any , '' i try not to sound too suspicious , `` tricks up your sleeves ? 
 anything to help wayne win ? '' 
 `` campaigning like maniacs , '' she says , waving at the flyers . 
 `` we have the next two weeks to bother everyone and plant wayne shepherd in their brains . 
 we 'll be coming in early , staying late . 
 it 's how we won last year . '' 
 `` cool . '' 
 i say , standing up and taking my stack of posters . 
 `` i hope you guys win . '' 
 my friends stand up too and we head off toward the stairs . 
 `` so what do you think ? '' 
 i ask the girls as we walk down the hallway . 
 `` that wayne seems way too into school spirit to be casting magic curses on people , '' says marlene . 
 `` but maybe his total school spirit-ness is the reason why he casts curses , '' says tam . 
 `` i mean , the guy 's a total cult leader . 
 ` here , look at my dimples and do all this menial labour for me . '' ' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i say , sounding a little more shocked than i had intended to . 
 `` i thought he was very , um , earnest . '' 
 `` very what ? '' 
 she mocks . 
 `` you mean you thought he was very scrumptious . 
 mindee 's mancandy ! '' 
 `` did not , '' i say , feeling childish . 
 `` ok , let 's just agree that he 's still a suspect , '' offers marlene . 
 `` deal , '' tam and i say at the same time . 
 as we walk past a recycling bin , tam holds her handful of posters over the bin . 
 `` so can we dump these ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` no , we have to put them up , '' i say . 
 `` or else they 'll know we did n't really want to help . '' 
 `` you mean i have to chores for mr. perfect too ? '' 
 tam scoffs . 
 marlie pats her on the shoulder and now , thanks to our undercover investigating , we 're stuck taping posters to chalkboards in other people 's classes . 
 i tell them which hallways they should take for postering . 
 we split off in three different directions , and set to work selling wilfred laurier high on re-electing a guy who might be a dangerous hex caster . 
 this has been a strange week . 
 9 saturday , november 10 with no school , i might finally have a day where i do n't have to see those freaky yellow lights . 
 there 's always a chance of seeing dina around town , so i 've decided i 'm going to stay home today . 
 it will be nice to have a day where i do n't see something that makes me feel crazy . 
 still , we ca n't pretend everything is ok just because there 's no school . 
 tam and ryan are off doing something with his family , so i 've invited marlene to come over so we can research hexes in more detail . 
 she brought a backpack completely full of occult books . 
 `` where did you get these ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i have a collection . 
 mostly i need them because i like to do research when i 'm a dungeon master . '' 
 `` a what ? '' 
 i do n't understand what she just said , but she 's blushing a little so i hope i did n't offend her . 
 `` i play role playing games with my brother and some friends . 
 usually i 'm the one who writes it and they call the writer the dungeon master . '' 
 `` oh , '' i say . 
 she 's still blushing , perhaps ashamed to admit her nerdy hobby . 
 i realize that maybe i 've made her uncomfortable . 
 `` that 's cool . 
 i do n't do anything with my brother , '' i say in an attempt to make her feel better . 
 `` but i also just like this sort of stuff . 
 never really thought that magic and curses and stuff were actually real , though . 
 i mean , i believe in psychics and ufos and disembodied spirits , but 's that all science , not superstition . '' 
 `` right , '' i say . 
 i realize that i 've never hung out with marlene one-on-one outside of chem class , and maybe it 's because she 's a bit of a weirdo . 
 still , it turns out i 'm a weirdo too , so i 'm glad to have her . 
 `` i also emailed you a list of websites , '' she says . 
 `` great . 
 hopefully we can figure out how to find our bad guy . '' 
 we 're up in my room with the door closed , because i really do n't want to have my dad or brother walk in and see the pile of witchcraft books . 
 you might expect witchcraft books to be huge and old , with leather-bound covers and a strong ` old book ' smell . 
 one of marlie 's books is like that , but most are new printings , soft covers , with colourful pages and a lot of talk about positive energy . 
 it seems modern day witches are much more positive and helpful than the old macbeth style of witches . 
 i 'm flipping through one of these newer books , and see a page titles `` cures . '' 
 `` hey , check it out , '' i say . 
 `` this book has cures . '' 
 she does n't get up to come look , since she must have read that already . 
 `` it 's not cures for spells and hexes . 
 it 's cures for ailments like the common cold and sore knees . '' 
 i read the page a little more and see that she 's right . 
 apparently if you burn a certain kind of incense , say a specific incantation , and carry a smooth black stone in your pocket , you can break a fever faster than if you take aspirin . 
 of course , the book cautions that you should also take aspirin and follow your doctor 's orders . 
 i switch to another book . 
 marlie 's hogging the cool old leather-bound book , but i think she probably spent a lot of money on that one , so i do n't mind that she 's protective of it . 
 i start flipping through a book about ` the history of witchcraft , ' but it seems to be more of a bunch of biographies than a how-to manual . 
 `` here 's something , '' marlie says . 
 `` i think this is the same spell that i saw people mention online . '' 
 i 'm up on the bed and marlie 's sitting in my desk chair , so i get up to go see what she 's got . 
 this book is very old , with thick yellow pages . 
 marlene points to a spell on the bottom of a page . 
 `` turn luck against thy foe , '' i read . 
 `` this is the bad luck hex ? '' 
 `` looks like it . 
 it says here that you need a personal item from your ` foe , ' something of importance to yourself , feathers from a black bird , and wax from a black candle . 
 you tie your object , your foe 's object , and the feather together , then drip wax on it while reading the incantation three times . 
 as long as your ill will holds strong , and this talisman you 've just created holds together , your foe will have luck turn against them at every opportunity . '' 
 she 's paraphrasing a bit , but i can see where she 's reading it from . 
 `` where did you get this book ? '' 
 i ask . 
 she holds it up proudly , and smiles . 
 `` i got it on ebay . 
 three hundred bucks but totally worth it . '' 
 personally , i think her game-playing hobby is a little on the expensive side , but i do n't criticize her for it . 
 marlene 's a bit of a geek and i think she 's happy to be sharing this part of herself with another girl , so i try to be encouraging . 
 `` does it have a counter-spell ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` nada . 
 it 's the same as the websites ; i see the same line everywhere about how hexes are bad feelings made manifest and it 'll fade when time heals the ill will . '' 
 `` but this thing is getting stronger , '' i say . 
 `` so then we 'll just have to find that talisman and break it apart , '' she says . 
 `` at least now , we know what it 'll look like . '' 
 `` black feather , black wax , '' i say , nodding . 
 `` but let 's hope for a counter-hex . 
 keep reading . 
 i 'll look in the other books for any kind of protection magic . 
 maybe we can keep dina safer , in case we never find that talisman . '' 
 marlene agrees and we go back to reading separately . 
 after a couple hours , my dad knocks and asks if marlene is staying for dinner . 
 `` no , '' she calls through the door . 
 `` i 'm just leaving . '' 
 we have n't found a viable counter-spell , or even a protective hex that will work on someone who 's already hexed . 
 unless our bad guy 's feelings suddenly change , our only hope of destroying that yellow aura is to find the black-feathered talisman , which could be anywhere in town . 
 hopefully dina does n't do anything else to anger her foe . 
 wednesday , november 14 it 's been a few days since anything serious happened . 
 while dina 's yellow glow remains , the aura has n't sprouted any new tentacles , and as far as i know , she has n't had any `` accidents '' since the electric shock . 
 i have n't tried to talk to her again , since she was downright mean last time , but we 're still keeping our eyes on mason and wayne to see if either of them have any black candles or feathers around . 
 so far , it 's been an uneventful week . 
 school 's out , and i 'm just pulling books from my locker , making sure i take home everything i need for tonight 's homework . 
 i 'm going pretty slowly , since tam 's not at her locker yet , and ryan 's not around either . 
 usually , they 're waiting for me to be ready to walk home , but not today . 
 i finish packing and close my locker . 
 still no sign of my friends . 
 it 's at times like this i wish i actually had minutes for my phone . 
 after another five minutes go by , i decide i 'm just going to have to walk home by myself . 
 as i walk past the cafeteria doors , i hear someone call my name . 
 `` vefreet ! '' 
 shouts a male voice . 
 i turn and enter the cafeteria slowly , not sure what i 'm walking into . 
 there are about ten students in the cafeteria , with a lot of banners and posters laid out on tables . 
 two of the students are ryan and tam . 
 `` hey , '' calls the guy who first shouted at me . 
 it 's wayne , standing at a table near a long banner of brown paper . 
 `` what 's all this ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` the council debates are tomorrow . 
 we 're getting ready . 
 tamara volunteered you . '' 
 he smiles and i ca n't stop myself from smiling back a little , before i turn to tam . 
 she just winks and says `` we 're helping the democratic process . '' 
 nobody else hears the sarcasm in her voice , but i know her well enough to know that she must hate this . 
 `` ok , '' i say . 
 `` in the name of democracy , what do you need ? '' 
 wayne waves me over . 
 `` we 're painting every candidate for president 's name on this banner . 
 it 's going to be hung above the stage in the gym . 
 you any good with art ? '' 
 `` not really , '' i say . 
 `` more of a math person . '' 
 `` we 've got two colours . 
 just write each name in alphabetical order , alternating colours . '' 
 `` what will you be doing ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i 'm gon na run to the gym and get up on a ladder . 
 a lot of things have to be up on the walls , and since i 'm still the prez i have to make sure it gets done . '' 
 he smiles again . 
 `` so can you handle this ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i say , stirring a pot of blue paint with a brush . 
 `` alphabetical by first or last name ? '' 
 `` last . 
 just paint what i typed out on this sheet , '' he says , pointing . 
 `` if you spell anything wrong just blame it on me ! '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 wayne jogs around the table toward the exit , and as he goes he calls over his shoulder , `` any questions , dina 's in charge ! '' 
 that 's a surprise since i have n't noticed any glowy yellow girls in the cafeteria . 
 for a moment i think maybe dina 's hex has been lifted , and that 's why i did n't notice her . 
 but after wayne leaves , dina enters through the back doors . 
 she 's just as glow-in-the-dark as ever , with three arms of light floating aimlessly around her . 
 she sees me , and marches right over . 
 `` oh , you 're here ? '' 
 she says with unconcealed spite . 
 `` yeah , '' i mutter . 
 `` i 'm helping . '' 
 `` well do n't spell any names wrong , '' she admonishes . 
 `` and make sure every name fills the whole width . 
 for example , my name is short , so it should be in bigger letters than the others . '' 
 `` is n't ` al ' shorter than ` dina ? '' ' 
 i ask . 
 `` should n't that make his name twice as big ? '' 
 `` nevermind , '' she says . 
 `` just do whatever but do n't screw it up . 
 that 's the last big roll of paper they had . '' 
 for a while i busy myself writing the four candidates ' names on the page , alternating between blue and black -lrb- our school colours -rrb- . 
 tamara and ryan come over to inspect my work . 
 `` not the worst penmanship i 've ever seen , '' says tam . 
 `` second worst , but not the worst . 
 the people in the front row might even be able to read it . '' 
 `` it looks fine , '' says ryan . 
 `` considering the brushes you had , i 'm sure that 's the best you could do . '' 
 -lrb- gee , thanks guys . -rrb- 
 `` so why are we volunteering ? '' 
 i ask quietly . 
 `` it 's a good place to scope out our top suspect and our cursed girl all at the same time , '' ryan says . 
 `` yeah except for the part where wayne 's in the gym , '' says tam . 
 from the twinge of anger in her voice it seems like this was ryan 's idea and tam 's not too happy about it . 
 `` are you kids done ? '' 
 calls dina . 
 i ca n't believe she just called us kids . 
 `` yeah , '' replies ryan . 
 `` the banner 's ready and our painting of the student council logo is over there . '' 
 dina goes to their work station to inspect the picture the two of them were working on . 
 `` you totally forgot the glitter for the wildcat 's eyes and claws , '' she says . 
 `` the wildcat has glitter claws ? '' 
 asks tam , barely hiding her disdain . 
 `` of course it does , duh . 
 i proposed that at the last council meeting , which you would know if you ever read the school paper . '' 
 `` oh , sure , i remember now , '' says tam . 
 `` but nobody ever gave us any glitter , so ... '' dina looks around the table and realizes that they 're right . 
 no glitter . 
 she sighs , and points to the far wall , where some backpacks and shopping bags are sitting on the floor . 
 `` it must be in one of wayne 's bags . 
 go find the glitter and the white glue , and i 'll make sure it gets done right . '' 
 we roll our eyes at the fact that dina ca n't be bothered to walk across the room for the glitter even when she 's the only one who cares about it , but then we do what she wants and head over to the bags . 
 we dig through the plastic shopping bags , finding art supplies and the white glue , but no glitter . 
 i call out to dina that the glitter is n't here and she insists we just are n't looking hard enough . 
 tam , who has obviously had enough of this , grabs one of the backpacks and unzips it . 
 i feel like we 're invading people 's privacy , but at least we can put the blame on dina if anyone gets mad about it . 
 tam digs through a black backpack but finds nothing but binders and a textbook , so she moves on to the next one . 
 `` holy crap , '' she whispers . 
 ryan and i crowd close to her so we can look inside the bag . 
 there 's a plastic bag inside the backpack , filled with black feathers . 
 `` no way , '' i say . 
 `` whose bag is that ? '' 
 ryan asks . 
 we pull out one of the textbooks and check the sign-out sheet that 's glued inside the cover . 
 this book belongs to wayne shepherd . 
 `` what are you lookin ' for ? '' 
 wayne asks from behind us . 
 we were so busy poking through his things that we did n't notice that he had come back . 
 tam stuffs the textbook back into the bag . 
 `` glitter , '' ryan says . 
 `` apparently , the wildcat had a manicure . '' 
 `` oh , '' he says , coming over . 
 he looks down at us , crouching in front of his open backpack . 
 `` you wo n't find it in there . '' 
 `` oh , sorry , '' i say . 
 i 'm about to start blabbering an apology for opening his bag , when wayne says : `` it 's in the side pocket . 
 i did n't want it anywhere it could roll around . 
 if you spill glitter , you 'll never get it off your stuff . '' 
 tam nods , zips the main compartment shut and opens the side pocket . 
 sure enough , there 's a bottle of blue glitter inside . 
 `` got it , '' she says . 
 i 'm looking at wayne , wondering if he 's secretly enraged that we went into his bag . 
 he seems calm enough . 
 tam and ryan take the glitter over to dina to complete their painting , leaving me alone with wayne . 
 `` is the banner ready to go ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` paint is probably still wet , but yeah it 's done . '' 
 `` i 'll be careful . 
 sydney 's waiting by the ladder to get it hung up . 
 could you lift one end and carry it to the gym with me ? '' 
 i nod and we head over to my banner . 
 as we walk the hallway between the caf ' and the gym , wayne 's walking backward , looking right at me , while i 've got the other end of the banner so i 'm looking back at him . 
 `` how come you memorize everyone 's name ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` it 's not just everyone 's name . 
 i memorize the yearbook . 
 i know all the clubs , the teams , what championships we won last year , which teams are never any good . 
 it makes it easy to talk to people about school issues . '' 
 `` watch the turn , '' i say as we get close to the gym . 
 he looks confused but smiles bashfully when he realizes i mean for him to look behind himself , and then we manage to turn the long banner into the gym without it touching the ground or smudging the paint . 
 when she sees us approaching , wayne 's girlfriend sydney climbs up a ladder next to the stage . 
 janelle , the studious girl from my chem class , is already atop a ladder on the other side of the stage . 
 `` just lay the banner on the stage and we 'll get it hung up , '' wayne says . 
 `` ok . '' 
 i do what i 'm told and get the banner safely to the stage . 
 i tell them all that i 'm going home and to have a good debate tomorrow . 
 i 'm about to leave when , for some reason , i decide to take a risk . 
 `` what are the feathers for ? '' 
 i ask wayne . 
 `` the what ? '' 
 `` the black feathers . 
 they were in the bag with the glitter . 
 it 's not like the wildcat has feathers . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' he says , a funny half-smile on his face . 
 `` maybe someone grabbed them at the craft store and figured we could use ` em . 
 if they 're black they 're cats colours . '' 
 `` guess so , '' i say . 
 `` have a good night . '' 
 wayne says goodbye and the girls on the ladders do likewise , and then i go to the caf ' to get my backpack and my friends . 
 we walk home wondering where wayne 's hiding his magic talisman . 
 `` just think , '' ryan says as we walk through a cold wind . 
 `` if dina has a good showing at the debates , and it seems like she might win ... '' `` wayne 'll be pissed right off , '' says tam , completing his sentence . 
 `` and that psychic lady did say the hex was fueled by anger . '' 
 i do n't add anything to the conversation . 
 i 'm too distracted worrying that wayne can be so charming and earnest while also holding enough anger to power the hex . 
 -lrb- what did tam call him ? 
 a cult leader ? -rrb- 
 `` think on the bright side , says tam , `` if dina 's as much of a bitch on stage as she is in real life , she 'll be out of the running . 
 then wayne wo n't need the hex . '' 
 ryan laughs a bit , and eventually we branch off to our own roads home , but i think deep down they 're both feeling what i am . 
 terrified . 
 i arrive home to find marlene waiting on my front step . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i tried to call but i guess your phone is still down , '' she says . 
 `` i think i know who 's behind the hex . '' 
 `` so do i , his name is wayne , '' i say . 
 i pull the door open and usher marlie inside . 
 we head to my room and close the door , so my brother devon does n't hear us talking about magic and hexes . 
 `` wayne ? '' 
 she says finally , as i pull my bedroom door shut . 
 `` why wayne ? '' 
 `` who did you think it was ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i was thinking we never really ruled out mason charles , so i wanted to know more about him . 
 i creeped him on facebook but i did n't find anything , but i had the idea to check out his brother matty 's page . '' 
 `` and you found something ? '' 
 i ask . 
 i sit down in the chair , so marlene sits on the floor , her back against the side of my bed . 
 `` black candles . 
 in the background of pictures . 
 and you ca n't make the talisman without dripping wax from a black candle . '' 
 `` so mason 's got the candles and wayne 's got the feathers , '' i say , weighing the options . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she blurts . 
 `` not mason . 
 matty . 
 that kid 's whole room is full of occult stuff . '' 
 `` are you sure you were creeping his facebook for my sake ? '' 
 i tease her , since a boy who 's as into this stuff as marlene sounds like a perfect match for her . 
 `` what ? 
 oh , shut up ! '' 
 she blushes a little , and i wonder if i was right . 
 `` i looked at some of his posts and he complains all the time that mason beats him up . 
 i bet that bullying stopped when mason was busy with a girlfriend . 
 i bet he only started beating matty up again after dina ripped his heart out . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` and if a weirdo like matty blames dina for his brother beating him up , then matty might hex dina out of spite . '' 
 `` exactly . 
 i can tell he 's got the candles , and his bookshelves seem to be full of old occult books . 
 i bet he could pull of this hex easily . 
 i think matty charles is our witch . '' 
 marlene seems pretty proud of her detective skills , and i have to agree , she 's come up with a pretty good suspect . 
 `` but why hex dina , why not hex mason ? '' 
 i wonder . 
 `` maybe he 's afraid to , '' she says . 
 `` i do n't have an older brother but i bet if a gigantic guy like mason beat you up on a daily basis that could get pretty intimidating . '' 
 she 's quiet for a second , before her head snaps up and she looks at me again . 
 `` wait , did you say wayne has the black feathers ? '' 
 10 thursday , november 15 the big student council debate -lrb- which is n't really a debate ; it 's just each of the four people running taking turns giving speeches -rrb- is going to be held in fifth period today . 
 that gives us time during lunch to track down matty and see if the little nerd will give us some answers . 
 the last time we wanted some information out of matty , tam and i were enough to intimidate him into talking . 
 this time , we 're looking for a confession , so all four of us -- myself , tam , ryan , and marlene -- are all going to corner matty and press him for answers about his black candles . 
 we converge on matty 's corner of the caf ' , all four of us looking serious and intimidating . 
 matty is playing his card game with the same friend as the last time we came to speak to him . 
 `` hey matt , can we talk to you a minute ? '' 
 asks ryan . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 he responds . 
 `` how about you get out in the hallway and talk to us or i get really loud and embarrass you ? '' 
 threatens tam . 
 `` did you say you 're coming out of the closet ? '' 
 she says , her voice getting louder . 
 matty looks baffled , but he caves to her demand and walks with us to a quiet section of the hallway , leaving his friend behind . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 he asks , looking at me . 
 `` are you , like , stalkers now ? '' 
 i ca n't really think of something to say . 
 should i just tell the kid i can see hexes ? 
 that does n't sound completely insane , does it ? 
 `` i have a question for you , '' says tam . 
 thank god for tam , she 's always happy to play the role of bad cop . 
 `` why do you have the black candles ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` on your facebook , you seem to light black candles all the time . '' 
 `` you 're on my facebook ? '' 
 matty asks . 
 `` i 'm not your friend . '' 
 `` check your privacy settings . 
 but i wan na know why you have the candles . '' 
 matty 's squirming , trying not to answer . 
 `` is it something to do with your brother ? 
 maybe something that helps you cope whenever mason lays a beating on you ? '' 
 she 's really grilling him now . 
 `` what ? 
 how did you know ? 
 what do you want ? '' 
 he 's looking at me like i 'm going to save him . 
 `` tell me why you did it , '' i say . 
 `` just explain yourself . '' 
 `` mason comes home after school and picks on me . 
 so sometimes i light my candles and , you know ... '' i try to sound nice , like i 'm playing ` good cop . ' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 tell me . '' 
 `` sometimes i get so angry and there 's nothing i can do about it , since if i ever fight back he just destroys me . '' 
 `` what did you get the candles for ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` oh , come on ... '' he 's fidgeting . 
 his hands are pulling at his shirt . 
 he 's visibly uncomfortable talking about this . 
 marlene blurts her way into the conversation . 
 `` where are you keeping the talisman ? '' 
 `` the what ? '' 
 his voice breaks and the words come out as a high-pitched croak . 
 `` the talisman . 
 we know about the hex you cast . '' 
 marlene blurts it out and now we all seem crazy . 
 `` hex ? 
 what ? 
 you know that game i play is fake right ? 
 magic is n't real ! 
 are you all nuts ? '' 
 matty 's about to completely freak out . 
 `` we know someone cast a spell on your brother 's ex-girlfriend , and we know all about your black candles and your magic books , '' i say , trying to make our case against matty sound a little less crazy . 
 `` my books ? 
 from the game store ? 
 those are all for card games , or dungeons and dragons . 
 they 're leather-bound deluxe editions , not real magic . 
 you 're all crazy . '' 
 `` then what do you do with the candles ? 
 we know black candles are needed for the hex you cast , '' i ca n't believe i 'm saying this out loud to a stranger . 
 he could have me committed . 
 `` those are scented candles . 
 i use them to hide the smell , '' his voice gets quieter as he talks , as if he 's trying to keep a secret . 
 `` what smell ? '' 
 i ask , also quietly . 
 `` after my brother bullies me i go into my room and relax . 
 i smoke ... '' he leans in and whispers . 
 `` marijuana . '' 
 we all look at each other , a little surprised that none of us considered that option . 
 `` so the candles ... '' i start . 
 `` my dad smokes . 
 the whole house smells like cigarettes . 
 so i use tobacco-scented candles in my room to hide the smell of the pot . 
 my parents would kill me if they found out . '' 
 ryan speaks , keeping things quiet . 
 `` so , you do n't ... believe in magic or hexes ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i just play games with some of my friends . 
 what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 i can see tamara 's about to say something , and knowing her , it 'll make this situation worse . 
 i cut in and keep things calm . 
 `` ok matt . 
 you have explained our worries away . 
 we were concerned for someone 's safety but we were wrong to accuse you of anything . 
 we 're all sorry . '' 
 `` ok ? '' 
 he says , eyebrows lifting . 
 `` and you wo n't tell anyone about how we 're all crazy people who believe in magic , '' i say , `` just like we wo n't tell anyone about your little habit . '' 
 he exhales hard , relieved that we 're not out to get him . 
 `` sounds good to me . '' 
 he turns to head back to the caf ' , but then turn back to face us . 
 `` do you really think someone cast a spell on dina ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` that sucks . 
 whenever she was around she was always ok to me . 
 plus she kept mason occupied . 
 if you 're serious , you should look at the people on the student council . 
 for the whole semester all she ever did was complain that they were making fun of her ideas . 
 kept promising to win president so she could be in charge and put people in their place . 
 i know the council act nice at assemblies and stuff , but it sounds like they all hate each other . '' 
 `` thanks , man , '' says ryan , whose reassuring manner seems to end this awkward exchange on a high note , and matty heads back to his card game . 
 a moment later the bell rings . 
 we have to head to our fifth period classes for attendance , and then it 's straight to the gym for the debates . 
 i hope that dina has a terrible showing . 
 if it looks like she could actually win this thing , the hex could get really nasty . 
 after a quick detour to class , we meet up back at the gym . 
 marlene got pulled away to sit with some kids from her anime club , but i 'm able to sit with tam and ryan as the assembly starts . 
 there are four chairs on the stage , and a microphone stand . 
 gradually , the four candidates take their seats , and the student council 's teacher liaison , mr. stendahl , takes the microphone . 
 he introduces the candidates for council president and tells us that each candidate will speak twice . 
 first , they will each have two minutes to explain why they are running and why we should vote for them . 
 once they have all spoken , they will then each have another two minute speech to rebut anything that was said in the first round . 
 first up is janelle haas , my age , who has been on council since the first term last year . 
 janelle explains that she has already been both secretary and treasurer of the council , and based on that experience , she is the most suited to the job of president . 
 she gets some polite applause , and is probably the best candidate , but this is mostly a popularity contest and she 's too young to win it . 
 janelle has spent a year and a half toiling away on various committees and fundraisers , doing a lot for the school . 
 but that means she does n't have a lot of friends . 
 and in a high school election , you really need friends . 
 reigning president wayne shepherd is up second . 
 wayne brags that under his leadership , attendance at school events is up , meaning that wayne has increased school pride . 
 i think that more than anything , wayne has spent more money on making posters for every event . 
 if that means increasing school pride , his girlfriend sydney with her photoshop skills should be the one taking the credit . 
 i watch closely to see if the crowd 's reactions to wayne have any effect on dina 's yellow aura . 
 i 'm far from an expert , but if wayne 's emotions are powering the hex , then the more confident he is of victory , the weaker the hex should be . 
 but there 's no sign of change . 
 the hex has been roughly the same for almost a week now . 
 whoever hexed dina can sure hold a grudge . 
 al kwan is up next . 
 al 's a big , thick guy . 
 defensive lineman . 
 when he takes to the mic , several deep-voiced football players shout ` kwaaaan ! ' . 
 as the disruption dies down , al makes his speech . 
 he 's surprisingly soft-spoken , and promises that if he is president he will find a way to fund an off-campus prom , in a proper ballroom . 
 the seniors will love that , but it means that the other three grades will see funding taken away from our events . 
 i doubt he 'll win on that platform . 
 dina was randomly chosen to speak last . 
 i recall sydney 's prediction that dina would use her advantage -- wink , wink -- when she was on stage in front of the boys . 
 dina has opted to wear a skin-tight cardigan sweater , mostly unbuttoned , over a low-cut tanktop . 
 half the boys in the school will vote for her just for the cleavage . 
 at least nobody whistled at her . 
 she steps up the lectern , and her yellow curse immediately swallows up the microphone . 
 when she talks , nobody can hear . 
 the mic has suddenly discovered ` technical difficulties . ' 
 nobody else can see the yellow light that turned the mic off , the same way it turns off lights when dina 's around . 
 after a communications technology student swaps out the microphones , dina begins to speak . 
 her speech promises little and makes no real case that dina 's the best candidate . 
 instead , she opts for inspirational platitudes and promises of a great semester in the spring term . 
 i think it sounds like she 's not promising anything worthwhile , but the students are loving it . 
 every time dina says something to pump up the crowd , she pauses to let them cheer . 
 and cheer they do . 
 and with every cheer , she comes closer to winning the election . 
 and with every cheer the yellow aura gets brighter , undulates faster . 
 she 's gaining ground , and it 's pissing her hexer off . 
 one thing i can guarantee , whether our bad guy is wayne or someone else , they are definitely in the room right now . 
 i just wish my second sight would let me see them too . 
 one of those tentacles of light grabs dina 's new microphone and this mic dies too . 
 dina 's visibly frustrated , and i 'm too far away to hear it , but she 's clearly bitching at the poor comm-tech kid . 
 she leans over the edge of the stage to pass him the microphone , when i see the tentacles line up behind her . 
 all three arms of light press against the floor behind dina , and it takes me a moment to realize why . 
 the hex is bracing itself against the floor . 
 getting a good footing from which to shove her off the stage . 
 she 's off-balance , she 's in those absurdly tall heels again , and now that hex is about to throw her over . 
 i stand up , drawing a lot of attention to myself . 
 `` she 's going to fall ! '' 
 i shout to mr. stendahl on the stage , but he 's too far away to really hear me . 
 just then , the tentacles snap straight , and the aura becomes a wall behind dina , shoving her toward the edge of the stage . 
 and now a fourth tentacle appears , a brand-new one formed out of her hexer 's growing rage . 
 she reaches for the new microphone , the fourth tentacle grabs her foot , and sure enough her foot slips , and she drops over the side of the stage . 
 it 's five feet down to the hard floor , and she lands on her right shoulder . 
 even in the back , i hear the bones break . 
 everyone is looking to dina , or rushing to help her . 
 i keep my eyes on the stage , looking at wayne shepherd . 
 he looks scared , standing on the stage looking down at dina , his face pale , his posture suggesting that he 's genuinely scared for her . 
 the hex is powered by anger , but i see no sign of anger on wayne . 
 he seems to be really upset that a fellow council member is hurt . 
 when the paramedics wheel dina out on a stretcher , the aura is still bright yellow , and there are still four arms flowing from it . 
 dina 's hex has n't weakened at all . 
 in fact , i 'd say that someone is even madder at her now than they were before she fell . 
 but if the hexer is still angry , and wayne 's showing no sign of anger , what does that mean for my prime suspect ? 
 no time for doubts now . 
 this thing very nearly killed dina today . 
 i have to find out why wayne had those feathers in his backpack . 
 even if his face says he 's not the one powering the magic , i have to be sure . 
 because i get the distinct impression that the next time , that hex will kill her . 
 11 friday , november 16 word around school is that dina broke her wrist , dislocated her shoulder , and cracked her clavicle . 
 she 's still in the hospital but should be back to school next week before the election . 
 considering her accident happened in front of the entire student population , i think the sympathy vote is going to give her the win . 
 and if that happens , i think she 's going to die . 
 i 'm at my locker between second and third period , when i see wayne shepherd walk by on his way to class . 
 tam 's also at her locker next to mine , and i nudge her and nod toward wayne . 
 as soon as she sees him , she marches out into hallway traffic to get in his face . 
 i ca n't hear what she says , since it 's very quiet , but from her face i can tell she 's completely pissed , and probably saying something very harsh . 
 wayne looks baffled , but sheepishly comes over to where i 'm standing at our lockers . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about , '' he says . 
 `` you think someone pushed dina ? 
 i was on stage , she just fell . '' 
 `` give it up , we know all about your feathers , '' she says . 
 `` what ? '' 
 tam looks to me , as if i can offer an explanation . 
 `` all i want to know is why you brought a bag of black feathers to school . 
 i 'm not blaming anyone for anything . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he repeats . 
 `` i do n't get you . '' 
 `` the feathers , wayne , '' tam says . 
 `` just explain yourself . '' 
 he stutters for a moment and then decides to say nothing . 
 tam raises her voice to a very loud volume . 
 `` what do you mean you 're planning to rig the ballot count ? 
 you ca n't cheat the election ! '' 
 a good number of students look her way , see wayne , and take note . 
 wayne looks angry , his face reddens . 
 `` tell me about the feathers , or i swear i 'll start screaming that you just asked me to go behind my boyfriend 's back and date you on the side . '' 
 still , wayne says nothing . 
 tam grins . 
 `` how dare you -- '' `` they are n't mine , '' he says . 
 `` that bag with the feathers was n't mine . 
 see ? '' 
 he turns and shows us the pack on his back . 
 it 's blue and red , not the black bag we found the feathers in . 
 `` your books were in it , '' i say . 
 `` my bag was full of art supplies . 
 i put my books ... '' he does n't finish the thought , cutting himself off . 
 `` screw this , i do n't answer to you . '' 
 he walks away . 
 `` and you 'll never get a piece of this ! '' 
 she shouts at his back . 
 now it 's my turn to blush and wish i was n't standing near her . 
 when she 's had enough of tormenting wayne , tam turns back to me . 
 `` it 's his girlfriend 's bag . '' 
 she says . 
 `` i figured , '' i say . 
 `` and her feathers . 
 that 's why he ca n't explain them . '' 
 `` but how do we prove it ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` it 's not like we can go to the cops and tell them sydney 's casting hexes on her boyfriend 's political rivals . '' 
 `` i have a plan , '' i say , just as the plan is forming in my head . 
 `` i need you to do something for me . 
 do n't worry , it 's something you 're good at . '' 
 `` sure , what ? '' 
 she asks , enjoying herself . 
 `` i need you to piss sydney off . '' 
 tam closes her locker door with a metallic bang and flashes her trademark cheesy wink . 
 `` with pleasure . '' 
 i 'm skipping school for the first time in my life . 
 i keep expecting someone to recognize me on the street , to tell me to get back to school or call my dad . 
 instead , i 'm free to walk down main street , which is actually pretty busy in the middle of the day . 
 who 'd have guessed that ? 
 i stop in at burton 's fast gas for a phone card , then dial the numbers on the card into my cell . 
 it 's a bit of a detour , but that 's ok . 
 sydney wo n't be getting of school for hours yet , so i have time . 
 once i have a working phone i start walking again . 
 i 've got to get all the way to the end of main street , by the highway off-ramp . 
 i have to go to the hospital . 
 by the time i make to the hospital , it 's past noon . 
 both tam and sydney will be on lunch now , and it 's time to put my theory to the test . 
 i manage to track down dina 's room after asking a nurse . 
 there 's a little window in the door , and i peek in to make sure there are no doctors or parents in there . 
 thank goodness dina 's in a single room . 
 if she had a roommate , this conversation could get me locked in the nut house . 
 taking a deep breath , i open the door and step in . 
 dina 's lying in bed , propped up on pillows , her arm is in a pink cast , and the cast is held in place by a metal support standing next to the bed so she does n't move the shoulder . 
 the yellow monster that is living on her still has four tentacles . 
 it 's very bright , and moving constantly . 
 it 's still angry . 
 `` who are -- '' she begins to ask , but then recognizes me and changes her tune : `` oh it 's you . 
 what do you want ? '' 
 `` you remember the last time we talked ? '' 
 i ask , trying to keep my voice down . 
 my heart is beating fast , my mouth is dry . 
 i ca n't believe i 'm scared to talk to this girl . 
 this is what i bet it feels like when a doctor tells someone they have cancer . 
 dina 's pale . 
 her eyes are red from crying . 
 she looks like she has n't slept since she fell . 
 when she speaks next , her voice breaks a little and a tear falls down her cheek . 
 `` why is this happening to me ? '' 
 i step a little closer , beside the bed . 
 `` you remember what i told you ? 
 about the things i can see ? '' 
 she nods a little , but it obviously hurts to move her neck . 
 `` i was n't making it up . 
 i can see things . 
 i can see hexes . 
 curses . 
 whatever you want to call it . 
 and someone cursed you with bad luck . 
 it started small , with lights going off , tripping over things . 
 but over time , it 's getting brighter . 
 it 's getting more aggressive . '' 
 `` the power outlet , '' she says , sniffing back a runny nose . 
 `` and the stage , '' i say . 
 `` you stood up , '' she says . 
 `` you knew i would fall . '' 
 `` i tried to warn you . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 i stand there awkwardly , not sure what to say . 
 i wish i had a glass of water for my suddenly desert-dry mouth . 
 then there 's the feeling of something cold on my fingers . 
 looking down , i see that dina is using her good hand to reach out to me . 
 she 's grabbing my hand . 
 i curl my fingers around hers , which are freezing cold . 
 and then i realize that my hand is inside the aura . 
 i 'm reaching into the yellow . 
 i stare in wonder as the yellow light creeps from her hand to mine , encompassing my entire hand up to the wrist , and then the light on my hand fades . 
 the yellow glow on dina 's hand recedes away , sliding back to almost her elbow . 
 the hex is retreating from me , like a wild animal flinching away from fire . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she asks , looking at our hands . 
 `` i never touched one before , '' i say . 
 `` an aura . 
 a hex . 
 it does n't like me . '' 
 she smiles a bit . 
 `` good . 
 maybe you can get rid of it . '' 
 `` so you believe me ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i 'm so sorry for the things i said to you . 
 i was so wrong . 
 ever since you talked to me i 've noticed things . 
 fuses pop , light bulbs burn out . 
 i keep losing things all the time . 
 and after the last time i was in the hospital i started to really take it seriously . 
 now i know you 're right . '' 
 she looks at her broken wrist . 
 `` i know i 'm cursed . '' 
 `` i think i know how to stop it , but it 's risky . 
 and i might be completely wrong . '' 
 she thinks for a second and looks me in the eyes . 
 `` anything 's better than letting it get worse . 
 next time i could lose my arm , or cave in my face or god knows what . '' 
 `` is there any reason why sydney palato might have reason to cast a hex on you ? '' 
 `` sydney ? '' 
 `` we know she had some of the ingredients that make the spell , '' i say . 
 dina looks like she 's thinking hard , and then she nods , as if accepting that she has to be honest . 
 `` i hit on wayne , '' she says bluntly . 
 `` asked him to dump her for me . 
 he must have told her about it . '' 
 `` so you were going to take her boyfriend , and now you 're going to take his seat in council , '' i say . 
 `` i guess . 
 i 'm such an idiot . '' 
 `` now this is the part where i need you to trust me , '' i say , giving her hand a reassuring squeeze before letting go . 
 `` i 'm going to see if sydney 's emotions have any effect on the hex . '' 
 `` how do you do that ? '' 
 `` i 'm gon na send my friend to piss her off and i 'm going to stand back and watch what happens . 
 if the hex is powered by sydney 's anger , it 'll react when she gets all riled up . 
 then we 'll know it 's her . '' 
 `` so what happens to me ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` am i like bait ? '' 
 `` not really . 
 as long as you 're just lying in bed i do n't think it can hurt you . 
 but i wo n't do it if you 're afraid . 
 i do n't want you to worry . '' 
 `` do it . 
 tell your friend to make fun of her big chin . 
 that always used to piss her off in grade four . '' 
 i shake my head at dina , and dial my phone . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 tam asks . 
 `` i 'm here . 
 go after sydney now . 
 really get her angry . 
 i 'll let you know if the hex reacts . 
 dina says she hit on wayne , that 's why sydney hexed her . 
 use that . 
 and ... if it helps , make fun of her chin . '' 
 tam agrees , sounding very excited to let out some verbal bile , and hangs up . 
 at school , right around now , tam is marching up to sydney and starting a conversation . 
 or an argument . 
 i watch the aura . 
 nothing yet . 
 the four yellow tentacles are aimlessly floating around her , touching random objects and then moving on . 
 they never make anything glow or seem to be up to anything . 
 the hex is here , but for the moment , it 's not actively against dina . 
 a minute has passed with no change . 
 maybe sydney 's not the hexer . 
 maybe we 're going after a perfectly innocent person . 
 i hope tam does n't go too far , just in case we 're wrong . 
 but now the yellow light is starting to brighten . 
 it gets stronger for a moment , then fades . 
 brighter , dimmer , brighter . 
 it 's pulsing now , and the pulses are getting faster . 
 one of the tentacles reaches into the ceiling and the overhead lights lose power . 
 dina lets out a small scream as the lights go out , but there 's still plenty of illumination from the window and she calms down a little . 
 the pulsing is like a strobe light . 
 even though the lights blew out , it 's almost blinding in here . 
 i shield my eyes with one hand as the pulses reach a peak , and the bright yellow light stays on , and when i let my hand down again there are six tentacles now , and they 're flailing wildly , like branches in a hurricane . 
 one of them reaches for a framed painting on the side wall . 
 the painting starts to glow . 
 i run toward it just as the painting launches off the wall . 
 i stick my hand out and slap the top of the frame downward , and the painting hits the side of dina 's bed , shattering glass around the floor . 
 a bird flies into the window with a hard thump , and falls dead to the windowsill . 
 the window is cracked by the impact . 
 another tentacle is entering the controls for the hospital bed . 
 i see it and have terrible thoughts of the two ends of the bed tilting up and crushing dina between them , so i step over the broken glass , feeling it crunch under my shoe , and grab the power cord for the bed . 
 i jerk it out of the wall and see a bright blue arc of electricity from the wall outlet to the cord , and then there 's a drop in the background noise level and i realize the power has gone out . 
 the breakers for this entire hallway must have popped . 
 there 's commotion out in the hallway , nurses jogging past . 
 i see that a shard of glass from the framed painting has landed on top dina , on her blankets . 
 i pick up the shard , cutting my hand a little , and toss it to the floor . 
 `` make it stop , '' she shouts at me . 
 i pick up my phone and redial tam . 
 it takes a few rings for her to answer and when she does i hear a teacher in the background telling her to put the phone away . 
 `` stop it right now , '' i shout into the phone . 
 `` the hex is going nuts . '' 
 tam mumbles something i ca n't make out , and hangs up . 
 i look back to dina , her legs pulled up toward her body , her good arm over her face , as if to shield her from anything else that might fly in her direction . 
 someone flips the breaker and the power comes back on . 
 the lights are still out , but at least i can hear a tv in the next room . 
 it 's more normal than it was before . 
 the six arms are still bright , but not blinding . 
 i think the storm has passed . 
 a nurse comes into the room , surprised to see me . 
 `` are you ok in here ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` the lights blew out , '' dina says . 
 the nurse flips the light switch and sees that the bulbs have blown . 
 `` and there 's broken glass , '' i say , `` on the floor . '' 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 the nurse asks . 
 `` should n't you be in school ? '' 
 `` i 'm just leaving , '' i say . 
 `` do n't , '' says dina . 
 `` do n't worry , '' i say . 
 `` you 're going to be fine now . '' 
 i leave before the nurse can ask me any more questions . 
 outside , i call tam again . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i started an argument , '' she says , he voice is loud , angry . 
 `` and then it kind of escalated . '' 
 `` did you tell her i can see the hex ? '' 
 even as i asked the question , i was starting to jog . 
 `` no , i just told her that i knew about the hex and that she would n't get away with it . 
 then i said some personal things and she freaked out . 
 screamed at me , threw some things . 
 teachers had to separate us . 
 that 's when you called . '' 
 `` where are you guys ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i 'm in the office waiting for my turn to talk to mrs. grey , which will definitely be a suspension . '' 
 `` where 's ryan ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` is he with you ? '' 
 `` he 's out in the hall waiting for me . 
 he 's late for class by now . '' 
 tam seems pretty resigned to having a suspension to explain to her parents . 
 `` and where 's sydney ? '' 
 `` in with mrs. grey now . 
 i already heard the secretary call her parents . '' 
 `` send ryan to come get me , '' i say . 
 `` i mean right now . '' 
 `` why ? 
 what 's up ? '' 
 there 's concern in her voice . 
 `` whatever you did sent the hex over the top . 
 it 's really trying to attack her now . 
 if we do n't get that talisman today , i think dina 's in real trouble . '' 
 `` why do you need ry ? '' 
 `` i 'm gon na break into sydney 's house before she gets home . 
 i 'm gon na find the damn thing and destroy it . '' 
 i 'm full-out running down main street , the most physical exercise i 've had since i stopped taking gym class this year . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 tam asks . 
 `` i 'm running down main . 
 i know where sydney lives , but it 's a long walk . 
 send ryan with the car . '' 
 `` ok . '' 
 tamara hangs up . 
 i make it a good half a kilometer before ryan pulls up in his bmw . 
 i climb in and tell him which street we 're going to . 
 i catch my breath while we drive . 
 on sydney 's street , i tell him to park so we can check out the area . 
 before we can even get out of the car , there 's movement at sydney 's . 
 a woman in her forties with a distinctive strong chin , definitely sydney 's mom , walks out of the house and climbs into an suv . 
 she pulls out and we let her disappear around the corner before we get out of the car . 
 we walk past the house a few times , and see no sign of anybody inside . 
 `` i 'm going around back . 
 you go ring the doorbell and see if anyone 's home . 
 i 'm going to sneak inside , '' i say . 
 `` call me if someone 's coming . '' 
 i run along the fence that separates sydney 's house from the neighbour 's . 
 there 's a big wooden gate beside the house , and i have to stop and figure out how to open it . 
 there 's a side window looking out at the gate , and i 'm terrified that someone will see me standing there . 
 through the window , i hear the sound the doorbell . 
 crap , if anyone comes to answer the door right now , they 'll see me . 
 i jump to grab the top of the gate and pull myself half-way over it . 
 once i can see over the gate it 's easy to reach for the latch and pull it open . 
 the gate swings a little underneath me , so i drop back to my feet and push the gate open . 
 once inside the yard , i close the gate behind me and sneak to a back window . 
 it looks into the kitchen , above the sink . 
 there 's no sign of movement . 
 nobody is answering the door , and there do n't seem to be any dogs . 
 i try to open the window , but it 's locked . 
 i head over to a sliding patio door farther down the wall , but it 's locked too . 
 on the other side of the door there is another window , looking into a dining room . 
 i try this one and it opens about two inches , but then a wooden stick in the windowsill stops it from opening any farther . 
 dammit , i need to get in . 
 i do n't want to have to break a window . 
 the noise would draw attention and it would be evidence that someone broke in . 
 there 's an oak tree in the yard , mostly bare of leaves this late in autumn . 
 i run over to the tree and jump to grab a branch , pulling it down as i land . 
 i twist the branch , hoping to break it off , but it does n't want to break so easily . 
 i really have to fight it , twisting , and pulling with both hands before the branch breaks , leaving me about twenty inches of narrow stick . 
 i head back to the window and squeeze my fingers through the opening . 
 once i have my hand inside i pass the branch through with the other hand . 
 now i have to manipulate the stick in my hand to knock the piece of wood from the window down to the floor . 
 it takes a while , but i eventually get my stick to pry the other up and knock it away . 
 the window slides open and i toss the piece of oak to the grass . 
 i climb inside sydney 's house . 
 it 's nice . 
 very old-fashioned , with wallpaper and lots of dark wood furniture . 
 i find the stairs and head up , figuring that the talisman sydney made to hex dina must be in her bedroom . 
 there are only two bedrooms up here , the master and sydney 's . 
 another would-be bedroom is set up as some kind of office . 
 i guess sydney 's an only child . 
 once i 'm inside the bedroom , i start to search . 
 i open all the drawers in her desk and find nothing . 
 then i try the dresser , and again there 's nothing . 
 i ca n't even find a black candle or feather . 
 my phone rings . 
 i flip it open and answer right away . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` syd 's mom just picked her up , '' tam says . 
 `` they 're on their way . '' 
 `` can you stall them ? '' 
 i ask . 
 somewhere on tam 's end , i hear a female teacher tell her to put the phone away . 
 `` i 'm in her bedroom . 
 they 're going to catch me breaking and entering and i still ca n't find the damn thing , '' i say . 
 `` i 'm so getting expelled , '' tam says . 
 `` i 'll stop them before they get in the car . '' 
 i hear mrs. grey yell `` where are you going ? '' 
 and then tam 's phone cuts out . 
 i open sydney 's closet and start digging . 
 i spend several minutes going through boxes , shelves , even looking inside her shoes . 
 there 's no magic talisman here . 
 i 'm sweating from the pressure , and from the fact that if i get caught i 'm committing a crime . 
 i hear a car door . 
 my phone rings , and it 's ryan this time . 
 `` the suv just came around the corner . 
 they 're going to be here in a minute . '' 
 i hang up and look around . 
 there 's a jewellery box . 
 i open it and find exactly what you 'd expect -- jewellery . 
 i hear another car door . 
 and then a second . 
 two people getting out of a car in the driveway . 
 they 're home . 
 the front door opens . 
 i 'm screwed . 
 there 's no time left to search , i have to hide . 
 i slip out of sydney 's room and into the next door down the hall , which is a sort of home office . 
 one entire wall is books , and another wall consumed by a long desk and computer workstation . 
 there 's also a wardrobe at the end of the room . 
 maybe i can hide in , or behind , that wardrobe . 
 i hear steps on the stairs . 
 i open the wardrobe door and find that it has shelves inside , and many of the shelves are holding files and papers . 
 but the bottom area has nothing . 
 i cram myself under the bottom shelf , and pull the wardrobe shut just as the footsteps pass the office . 
 the footsteps go straight to sydney 's room and i hear the door slam . 
 i listen closely and hear sydney rummaging in her room . 
 i pray she does n't notice that i 've already disturbed her things . 
 `` sydney ! '' 
 her mother shouts from downstairs . 
 `` get down here ! '' 
 i listen to sydney leaving her room and heading down the stairs . 
 this might be my last chance to get out unnoticed . 
 i make it to the hallway and turn toward the stairs , then stop . 
 tam told sydney she knew about the hex . 
 that probably has sydney spooked . 
 i turn back , heading to sydney 's room . 
 i 'm trapping myself farther from the exit , but i have to know . 
 as i open the door , i see it immediately . 
 there 's a small wooden box on the bed , with the lid open . 
 inside there 's a small black feather . 
 i get closer and see that the feather is tied to several other objects . 
 there 's a lock of brown hair , a brightly coloured bracelet , and an ornate metallic brooch . 
 all of these are tied together with plain brown string , and have been doused in black wax , which seals it all together . 
 i grab the talisman , and jam it into my pocket . 
 now i have to move . 
 i make it to the top of the stairs . 
 i only have to dash down , out the front door , and sprint to ryan 's car . 
 i can be out of here in five seconds . 
 but there 's a voice in the hallway below . 
 they would see me if i left now . 
 even worse , they 're coming to the bottom of the stairs . 
 i backtrack , getting to the hallway again . 
 i do n't think i can hide in the office , the person on the stairs will see me pass . 
 i duck into the nearest room , the master bedroom , and hide behind the door . 
 i cross my fingers and pray that the person coming is sydney , because if it 's her mom she 'll be coming into this room and then i 'll be caught . 
 but if it 's sydney , she 'll immediately see that the talisman has been taken and she 'll know someone is in the house . 
 either way , i 'm about ten seconds from getting caught . 
 i watch through the crack of the door as the figure reaches the top of the stairs , and instead of coming straight into the master , the figure turns and takes the hall . 
 it 's sydney . 
 in five seconds , the only real-life witch i 've ever met will know that i 'm inside her house . 
 one last chance . 
 i run to the window and slide it open . 
 i force the screen to slide too , and climb through , so that 's sitting on the sill with my legs dangling over the open air . 
 i did n't realize second-floor windows were this high . 
 i spin around so i 'm facing back into the house . 
 `` where is it ? '' 
 screams sydney from down the hall . 
 i drop out of the window , holding onto the edge with only my fingertips keeping me from falling into the back yard . 
 i hear thumping , running footsteps . 
 my face presses against ice-cold brick and i know she 'll notice the cold air coming in the open window . 
 my feet are probably four metres from the yard below . 
 i let go . 
 i hit the ground hard , knees buckling , and end up flat on my back , facing up at the window . 
 that hurt , but i do n't think i damaged anything . 
 i pull myself up just in time to hear a voice above me shout , `` stop . '' 
 i make it to the side gate and pull it open . 
 i sprint to the road and ryan sees the look of panic on my face and leans over to open the passenger door . 
 i dive in , ducking my face out of sight because i do n't want sydney to know who took her precious talisman . 
 i do n't need her hexing me . 
 ryan pulls away and drives past the house just as sydney runs out the front door , screaming profanities . 
 12 we meet at tam 's house , because she 's grounded and ca n't meet the rest of us anywhere else . 
 she sneaks us in the back door and into the basement , so her parents wo n't know she has guests . 
 tam is suspended from school for a week . 
 two days for the screaming match with sydney and three for running away from a vice principle just to restart the argument outside . 
 when she was outside stalling for time , she got right in sydney 's mother 's face , and that made sydney slap tam so hard it left a bruise beside her eye . 
 tam 's parents grounded her until next year . 
 literally until january . 
 ryan 's parents are taking the car away for the rest of the term since he skipped his last two classes today . 
 i have n't been home yet , although i did call and tell my brother that i 'm ok . 
 i look at tam 's black eye when we meet at the door , but she does n't say anything until we 're safely tucked away in the basement . 
 `` you should see the other guy , '' she jokes as i ca n't help but stare at the shiner she got doing me a favour . 
 `` seriously , how fair is it that you got magic powers and i got punched in the head ? '' 
 i shrug and pull the talisman out of my pocket and hold it out in the palm of my hand . 
 marlene was n't really involved in the plan , so she 's not in trouble with anyone , and she seems more concerned about the talisman than the story of how we got it . 
 `` i wonder which object is dina 's and which is sydney 's ? '' 
 she says . 
 `` and why are there three things ? 
 the book only said you need one thing from yourself and one from your victim . '' 
 `` who cares , '' i say . 
 `` we 're gon na smash it anyway . '' 
 `` why have n't you ? '' 
 tam asks . 
 `` why not smash it as soon as you saw it ? '' 
 i get up and take the talisman over to tam 's dad woodworking bench . 
 i set the talisman down and choose a heavy hammer from the neatly organized wall of tools . 
 i walk back to tam and hold out the hammer , handle first . 
 `` after you faced the witch head-on , i thought you 'd like the honours . '' 
 tam takes the hammer and grins . 
 `` it 's a true friend who saves something for you to smash . '' 
 she stalks over to the talisman , raises the hammer above her head , and brings it down hard . 
 pieces of the brooch and bracelet fly away from the workbench . 
 the hair , string , and wax are smooshed into a broken mess . 
 the feather is bent and twisted . 
 she hits it again , and again . 
 tam takes ten good swings at that thing before passing the hammer to ryan . 
 we each take a turn , and in the end there 's nothing left . 
 the feather is in several pieces , the delicate brooch is shattered , the metal remnants bent and torn . 
 the bracelet is just a scattering of links . 
 tam scoops up the string and hair , which still have a bit of black wax on them , and hands them to marlene . 
 `` burn it ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` burn it , '' marlene replies with a mischievous smile . 
 we sneak out the back door and go to our separate homes . 
 i feel oddly compelled to go by sydney 's and see what she 's up to , but i realize that would be returning to the scene of the crime ; not a good instinct . 
 i go home . 
 my dad has heard from the school that i skipped most of the day . 
 i try to explain that i was helping a girl who got injured , but he does n't believe me . 
 i 'm grounded for two weeks . 
 no leaving the house except for school . 
 my brother devon keeps dropping by my room to taunt me . 
 monday , november 19 sydney 's not at school today -lrb- she 's suspended , which is not nearly enough punishment by the way -rrb- , but the word through the grapevine is that wayne dumped her over the weekend . 
 maybe having a girlfriend who has fights in the cafeteria is bad for politics . 
 i go my locker expecting tam until i realize she wo n't be here all week since tam got an even worse suspension than sydney . 
 i attend my first two classes without incident , and when i go to change out the books in my bag , wayne passes my locker . 
 he makes eye contact , staring at me with those blue eyes , shakes his head and moves on without a word . 
 i think the things i 've done over the last couple weeks have drastically altered his life . 
 his girlfriend is out of the picture , his student council future uncertain . 
 now that i think about it , he has been a pretty good president . 
 he always works hard at all the fundraisers , leads the crowd in cheers at football games -lrb- our actual cheerleaders never get the crowd to care -rrb- and seems to really have fun doing all those things . 
 now he 's likely to lose to dina , who will be boring and borderline useless as a president . 
 as he passes me , wayne looks sort of lost , and i wish i was good enough at talking to people that i could think of something comforting to say . 
 i 'm eating lunch with marlene , sitting at my locker like usual , when a group of girls walks by . 
 i pay them only enough attention to see that two of them have followed melanie woods into wearing bow ties around their necks . 
 god i hate that one person 's desperate grab at attention can actually become fashionable to other people . 
 i really do n't understand how ironically wearing something to make fun of it can become trendsetting and make the stupid thing fashionable . 
 anyway , the moment i see the stupid ties on these girls i look away , so i 'm a little surprised when one of them stops in front of us , looking down at me . 
 it 's dina jennings , her arm in a sling -lrb- and thankfully , no bow tie around her neck -rrb- . 
 her friends , a couple of other well-dressed senior girls , turn back and wonder why she stopped . 
 there 's a reason i did n't recognize her : dina 's not glowing . 
 she 's just an ordinary , flesh-and-blood girl . 
 no yellow light , no tentacles of energy . 
 `` thanks , '' dina says to me . 
 `` i can tell you helped . '' 
 `` you can ? '' 
 `` i can just feel it . 
 here , see . '' 
 she pulls a quarter out of her pocket and flips it , catching it in her right hand and slapping it down on the back of her left . 
 `` heads or tails ? '' 
 `` heads . '' 
 dina looks at the coin , then leans down to show it to us . 
 it 's tails . 
 dina smiles . 
 `` you think i could have won a coin toss yesterday ? '' 
 `` i guess not , '' i say . 
 `` i do n't know what you girls did , but i owe you . '' 
 one of dina 's friends chimes in . 
 `` who are these weirdoes and why are you talking to them ? '' 
 dina snaps right back at her , `` they 're not weirdoes . 
 this is mindee and she 's the girl who warned me i was going to fall . 
 she saved my life . '' 
 she does n't even pause before she provides an explanation : `` without mindee i would have broken my neck instead of my collarbone . '' 
 `` whatever , her shouting probably made you fall , '' says the other friend . 
 `` have you ever heard of being nice to people ? 
 you know , being grateful for things ? '' 
 dina says . 
 her friends are dumbfounded , looking at each other in total confusion . 
 dina smiles at us and then rejoins her friends . 
 `` come on , let 's go eat . '' 
 the three of them vanish around the corner , leaving us alone in the hallway again . 
 `` i think you have more than just the power to see hexes , '' marlene says . 
 `` i think you 're full-blown miraculous . '' 
 `` oh yeah ? '' 
 i say , biting into a cracker . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` what makes you so sure ? '' 
 i say though a mouthful of crumbs . 
 `` because anyone who can make dina jennings be considerate is a fricking jedi . '' 
 we break into laughter , and soon enough we ca n't stop laughing . 
 other kids enter the hallway and stare at us , but we do n't stifle ourselves . 
 we ca n't . 
 we laugh until we cry . 
 we broke a hex , we saved a life . 
 we won . 
 part two the death curse 13 wednesday , january 23 it 's been a few months since we got rid of the hex . 
 sydney still goes to the same school as us , but there has n't been any backlash from her . 
 she never made any move to get revenge on tam for getting her suspended , and none of the students at school have had any glowy lights around them since dina 's hex was broken . 
 my theory on the matter is that sydney did n't realize what she was doing , or know that her hex actually worked . 
 once the talisman was gone , the hex was broken , and that seems to have been the end of it . 
 it 's a new year , a new semester , and in a few months dina , sydney , and the other seniors will be out of my life forever . 
 this semester i 'm lucky enough to have my best friend in class with me . 
 two classes , in fact . 
 we 're in our second-period french class , sitting next to each other , when tam says something absolutely shocking . 
 `` i 'm thinking about breaking up with ryan , '' she whispers . 
 i ca n't even figure out what to say to her after that , so i listen to mme. st. pierre talk about past tense for a while . 
 eventually i pass tam a note saying we can talk after class . 
 there 's too much weight and importance in the one sentence she said to me , that we ca n't possibly have that conversation in french class . 
 for the rest of the class i can sense that she 's really antsy , but it 's not like we can work through her emotional problems with thirty other people conjugating verbs all around us . 
 we finally get released from class . 
 this term we both have third period lunch , while ryan is still on a schedule with a fourth period lunch . 
 we 'll be able to talk about him without him being there . 
 we still have the same side-by-side lockers so we go there , take our lunches out , and sit on the floor . 
 `` so you 're thinking of what ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` i 'm thinking of breaking up with him , '' she says , in a quiet voice that 's very unnatural for her . 
 `` but why ? 
 you guys are my idols . 
 if you ca n't be happy what 'll i ever be ? '' 
 `` we just do n't see each other much . 
 it 's basketball tournament season , so he 's gone most weekends . 
 he has practice after school . 
 we do n't even have lunch together . 
 i think it would just be easier . '' 
 i nod my head , eat my sandwich , and for a while we do n't say anything . 
 `` whatever makes you happy , i guess . 
 but i would just say to think about the long term . 
 what will make you happier once basketball season is over ? 
 would you wish you had him back ? '' 
 she nods a little , thinks about things , and says . 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 i have n't made up my mind yet . '' 
 `` you can call me when you want to talk , '' i say . 
 `` you mean i can call your house . '' 
 `` shut up . 
 cell minutes are expensive if you have to pay for them yourself . '' 
 she smiles . 
 `` but i do n't . 
 i have an iii-phooone . '' 
 she 's been taunting me about that ever since her folks gave her the phone for her christmas-and-birthday-because they 're - ten-days-apart gift . 
 `` i guess i can text your cell to make sure you 're at home , '' she says , and sticks out her tongue at me . 
 after lunch , we go to separate classes . 
 tam has history this term and i 'm taking calculus . 
 i sit down with janelle , the girl who unsuccessfully ran for student council president last term . 
 she 's a quiet , nerdy girl who likes math , and that suits me just fine . 
 -lrb- yeah , i suppose we 're both math nerds -rrb- . 
 eventually the bell rings , but janelle and i are still cross-checking our answers so we 're the last to leave . 
 we have to rush to get to our last classes of the day , which in my case is english . 
 the class has already started so my entrance interrupts the teacher , and i feel everyone look at me as i make my way to the back to sit with tamara . 
 once we get settled in , class goes fine . 
 `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 i whisper during the time at the end of class where are supposed to be reading , `` about ry ? '' 
 `` i still think it would be best , '' she says . 
 the teacher looks our way so we go back to reading until the bell rings . 
 at our lockers , ryan meets up with us . 
 `` you coming to watch the game ? '' 
 he asks me . 
 behind his back , tam shakes her head at me . 
 `` not tonight , '' i say . 
 `` come on , you have n't been to a game since school came back , '' he complains . 
 i pack up my homework , and tam just jams her stuff into her locker since she 's going to hang around for a while and watch the game . 
 that means i have to walk home alone , but whatever , i 'm used to it . 
 it 's almost eleven at night when my doorbell rings . 
 i answer it , and tam 's waiting outside . 
 i invite her in out of the cold and we head down to the basement where we can be alone without going upstairs where my family might hear . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i broke up with ryan , '' she says bluntly . 
 `` already ? 
 i thought you were going to think about it ? '' 
 `` i have been . 
 i was just tired of sitting around by myself while he was off with the team . '' 
 `` tam , '' i say , `` are you sure about this ? '' 
 `` no , '' she says . 
 `` i have no idea what i 'm doing . '' 
 `` well , whenever you figure it out you should tell him . 
 but try to figure it out quick before anyone else makes a move on your guy . '' 
 `` yeah , '' she says . 
 `` i do n't know what i 'm doing . '' 
 `` how did he take it ? '' 
 `` it hurt a lot . 
 he was just sort of quiet . 
 i think he had no idea it was coming . '' 
 `` try to sleep , '' i say . 
 `` see how you feel in the morning . '' 
 `` yeah , '' she says . 
 `` oh god , what if this was a mistake ? '' 
 we talk for a bit , i give her a big hug and we start to head back upstairs so she can go home . 
 just as we get to the top of the stairs , a cool blue light appears around tam . 
 i close my eyes and try to make it go away , but when i open them again , the blue light is still there . 
 it glows all around her body , a pale blue aura that clings so close to her . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she asks when she sees my face . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` what time is it , check your phone . '' 
 she pulls out the phone and looks . 
 `` eleven thirty . '' 
 `` exactly ? '' 
 `` what '' `` is it exactly eleven thirty ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she hold up the phone for me to see . 
 `` what is wrong with you ? 
 i 'm supposed to be the crazy one right now . '' 
 `` not like this , '' i say . 
 `` you ca n't compete with my kind of crazy . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asks , and then her eyes go wide and she realizes what i mean . 
 `` are you seeing something ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i nod . 
 she looks around expecting to see something , then she turns back , `` on me ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i say . 
 `` somebody put a hex on you . '' 
 14 thursday , january 24 we spent the night on the phone after tam got home , talking about what the hex could be and where it could have come from . 
 obviously , the biggest suspect is sydney . 
 she knows that tam was aware of her hexing dina , and since i managed to get away from sydney 's house mostly unseen , she might not know that i was the one who stole her talisman . 
 maybe she 's getting back at tam for that . 
 and while i never said anything to tam on the phone last night , i think we have to consider the idea that maybe this is ryan . 
 i hate that this is a thought in my head , and i have n't had the nerve to say anything to tam , but it 's possible . 
 ryan is one of the few people i know who has seen that hexes are real and they really do work . 
 if he was pissed at tam , or trying to win her back , or god knows what else , then maybe he clicked to some witchcraft websites and figured out how to put a hex together . 
 for now , we 're going to have to sort out just what 's going on . 
 i want to know what kind of hex this is , i want to know if it 's getting weaker or stronger , and i want to shut it down . 
 marlene 's not in any of my classes , and she 's on the opposite lunch this term , but we still see each other in the mornings before school . 
 i basically run at her when i see her in the hallway . 
 `` i saw a hex last night , '' i say , tilting my head toward the wall to tell her i want to huddle near the lockers so nobody can hear me . 
 her eyes go wide and she leans against my locker . 
 `` who ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` tam . 
 it happened in front of me , like someone turned on a light . 
 one moment she was tam and the next she was blue . '' 
 `` tam ? '' 
 marlene looked worried . 
 `` why would anyone ? '' 
 `` we do n't know , but we have to figure it out . '' 
 `` you said it 's blue ? 
 you think that means we 're dealing with a different sort of spell than the one sydney cast on dina ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 it 's not just a different colour . 
 the one on dina was all around her , it was an aura that reached out and affected things . 
 this one on tam is tight against her skin . 
 it does n't jiggle or move like the other one did either . 
 hopefully that means the emotions that power the hex are really weak . '' 
 we 're actually starting to feel hopeful that this hex will go away on its own , when tam comes into the hallway , and to my eyes , she 's still blue . 
 marlene sees her , then looks at me , and i shake my head to say ` nope , still there . ' 
 when tam gets to the lockers she looks to me . 
 `` well ? '' 
 `` still blue . '' 
 `` crap . '' 
 `` did anything happen ? 
 blow out any fuses , stub your toe , hurt yourself ? '' 
 i ask , wanting to know if the hex had any impact on tam 's life this morning . 
 `` no , it was a typical morning . 
 better than average , even . '' 
 `` ohh , '' marlene says , `` did your family win the lottery or something ? 
 maybe this is n't a hex , maybe it 's a charm . '' 
 `` i just meant i did n't feel crappy when i woke up , '' tam says . 
 `` i am not usually a morning person . '' 
 `` gotcha . '' 
 tam looks back to me . 
 `` do i have any tentacles ? 
 two heads ? 
 angry ghosts swirling behind me ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 you 're just you , but blue . 
 like avatar . '' 
 `` so i look like a smurf to you ? '' 
 `` kinda , but paler . 
 a pastel smurf . '' 
 the bell rings for first period . 
 we head our separate ways . 
 we wo n't see marlene again until after school , but tam and i will be reunited in french class in a little over an hour . 
 hopefully the hex wo n't do anything to her in that time . 
 after french class we 're eating lunch in the hallway when tam says what she 's been thinking all day . 
 `` we should just get in sydney 's face . 
 we know it was her . '' 
 `` do n't know for sure . '' 
 `` come on . 
 you 're like this magical seer person , and in your entire life you saw one hex before this , and it was cast by her . 
 who else would it be ? '' 
 i 've been avoiding it , but i decide to just say it . 
 `` you did just dump a guy who knows that magic is real . '' 
 `` ryan ? '' 
 she says dramatically , `` you know he 's like the nicest guy in the world , right ? 
 even when i broke up with him he was trying to make sure i felt ok . 
 trust me , there 's no secret angry warlock inside ryan . '' 
 `` i know , '' i say . 
 `` i still think you guys were awesome together . 
 i 'm just saying that there are people with motive to want to hex you , and sydney 's one ... '' `` and you think ryan 's one too . '' 
 it 's not that i think ryan 's some kind of monster but we ca n't ignore the timing . 
 `` i 'm just trying to put all the suspects out there . '' 
 tam angrily flails her hands when she talks , almost hitting me with her ham sandwich . 
 `` well thank you , detective vefreet . '' 
 she pauses to take a bite . 
 `` what should we do ? '' 
 i 'm not sure how to answer . 
 i nibble on a carrot stick . 
 `` i guess going after sydney would be a good first step . '' 
 we walk through the cafeteria , but there 's no sign of sydney , or of her ex-boyfriend wayne . 
 we see dina jennings taping posters to a wall and decide to head over . 
 `` hey , miz prez , '' i say to get her attention . 
 dina won the council presidency over wayne in the election , and has been all over the school since classes came back for the second term talking about events , hanging up posters and generally trying to promote school spirit . 
 there 's a valentine 's day dance in a couple weeks , and dina is hanging up hand-painted posters that the council made to advertise ticket sales . 
 thankfully , she 's alone , since we do n't really want anyone else to hear our crazy talk about magic and tam turning blue . 
 `` how are you doing ? '' 
 dina says when she sees us . 
 `` you coming to the dance ? '' 
 i feel myself blush a little and know that i must look awkward and stupid since my shoulders are slumping at the very mention of having a dating life . 
 `` nuh-uh . 
 no valentine for me . '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` if you 'd stand up straight and maybe pull your hair off your face i 'm sure some sophomore boy would ask you , '' she says , and i know she 's trying to help even though her advice sound more like scolding me . 
 `` and you have a guy , right ? '' 
 she asks tam . 
 `` not anymore , '' says tam . 
 `` i , um ... dumped him . '' 
 `` that big basketball guy ? 
 he seemed nice . 
 that 's too bad . 
 but hey , buy a couple tickets to the dance and start something new ! 
 guys like it when girls ask them . '' 
 dina gives a smile that seems a little forced , but tam does n't go for the sales pitch . 
 `` no thanks . 
 not feeling valentiney today . '' 
 `` because of the break-up ? '' 
 `` because of , '' she tilts her head toward me , `` what she can see . '' 
 dina 's smile drops and she steps a little closer . 
 `` another curse ? '' 
 `` hex . '' 
 `` is it me ? '' 
 dina looks down at herself , and pats her hands against her sweater as if she thinks she can feel the aura already . 
 `` no , you 're fine , '' i say . 
 `` it 's on me , '' tam says . 
 `` we think it 's sydney again . 
 she knows tam helped break the spell on you . 
 plus tam got her suspended from school . '' 
 dina shakes her head . 
 `` of course it 's sydney . 
 the little witch . 
 after i found what she did to me i made sure everybody cut her out of the social world . 
 she 's like , ostracized . 
 like an exile or a freshman . 
 maybe she 's pissed . '' 
 `` tell me about it , '' tam says . 
 `` if she was willing to try and kill you because you flirted with wayne imagine what she 'll do to me for getting her suspended for fighting . 
 plus she knows someone broke into her bedroom to steal the talisman she made . '' 
 `` shhh , '' dina says . 
 `` quiet with all that wayne stuff . 
 i 'm with ahmed now . '' 
 ahmed is a big guy , a receiver on the football team . 
 people who watch the games say he 's faster than everyone else , and lots of girls are into that , i guess . 
 i personally do n't understand the appeal of football . 
 you sit outside in freezing weather and watch some guys line up to hit each other and then one guy throws a ball , which they usually do n't catch . 
 but dina 's all about promoting school sports , so she 's at every game , and i guess she just had to get the team 's best player for her big valentines date . 
 `` so anyway , '' i say , `` you know where sydney is ? '' 
 `` like i said , ostracized , '' dina smiles . 
 `` she hangs out in the music department now , like some band geek . 
 probably spending her lunch with a bunch of sophomores . 
 no offense . '' 
 `` we 're gon na go ask some questions , '' tam says . 
 `` ok , '' says dina , reaching out to grab tam 's forearm . 
 `` but if i were you , i 'd forget talking to that witch . 
 i 'd just break into her bedroom and smash everything until you find the one that makes the curse . 
 that 's what she deserves . '' 
 we thank dina for the advice and head out of the cafeteria , looking to track down sydney and get some answers . 
 i 've never taken a music class , so walking into the music room is kind of a weird experience . 
 i 've never been in here , and after a couple years at laurier high , it 's an odd feeling to discover that there 's a strange room i 've never seen before . 
 it 's actually divided into a couple of rooms , i guess so they can teach multiple classes . 
 in one of the open doors i can see a bunch of kids playing woodwinds -lrb- they sound exactly as bad as a bunch of uncoordinated beginners can possibly sound -rrb- . 
 in another door there are some students sitting around eating lunch . 
 we head over there and see sydney sitting in a chair with a violin case at her feet , eating an apple . 
 as soon as we step into the doorway the students turn and look , including sydney , who seems to know right away that we 've come for her . 
 she stands up and comes over . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 she says to tam . 
 `` answers . 
 you want to talk here with your new friends or head to the hallway ? '' 
 tam 's voice is icy . 
 `` here 's fine . 
 i know you ca n't sucker punch me with all these people around . '' 
 i 've never quite gotten the whole story of what happened with these two , but i know they ended up leaving each other bruised . 
 `` another hex showed up , '' i say . 
 `` and there 's only one bit -- i mean witch -- in this school . 
 so why do n't you just call it off and save us the trouble of undoing your little spell ? '' 
 `` and what do you know about it ? '' 
 she says , looking at me . 
 `` you think i do n't know who broke into my house and stole from me ? 
 you might have hidden your face but you 're this girl 's only fat friend . 
 hard to miss the obvious . '' 
 `` hey watch your mouth , '' tam warns . 
 `` sure . 
 act all tough . 
 next you 'll beat me up , then steal from my home . 
 is n't that how it goes ? '' 
 `` your spell was going to kill dina , do n't you realize that ? '' 
 `` it was the weakest spell i know . 
 trust me , if i wanted to kill her , i could have . 
 and the same goes for you . '' 
 sydney steps closer to me now , her eyes narrowing with anger . 
 `` and i was ever going to hex another girl at this school , it would n't be your loudmouth friend . 
 i know you were inside my house . 
 i know you stole something that did n't belong to me . 
 if i was gon na hex anybody , it would be you . 
 you should thank me for being so forgiving . '' 
 she 's right in my face , and i can sense tam about to move in to protect me , and that would end up with tam fighting and possibly expelled from school , so i manage to say something before tam feels the need to defend me . 
 `` where were you last night at eleven thirty ? '' 
 `` what 's it matter ? '' 
 `` that 's when the hex appeared . 
 if you have an alibi , we 'll leave you alone . 
 if not , we might have to go investigating again . '' 
 sydney scoffs . 
 `` you mean break and enter ? 
 we got an alarm now . '' 
 she pauses to think about things a bit then looks to me again . 
 `` screw it , here 's your alibi . 
 i was with wayne . '' 
 `` you mean the guy who dumped you ? '' 
 tam scoffs . 
 `` he acts like he 's better than me , until i text him to come over . 
 he was at my house til almost one . 
 he might tell you i was magic , but not the kind you 're thinking . 
 so now buzz off , little girls . 
 i have a halftime show to plan . '' 
 we got what we came for , a denial and an alibi , so there 's nothing left to but leave or start a fight , and a fight would only make things worse right now . 
 i grab tam 's arm and head back toward the main door to the hallway . 
 just i open the door , sydney comes out of the practice room and calls out . 
 `` hey mindee . '' 
 i turn to look back . 
 `` thanks for letting me know . '' 
 `` know what ? '' 
 `` that you 're the seer . 
 i was n't sure until now , '' she says , her mouth closing to a one-sided grin . 
 i leave the music room , wondering whether or not that last part was a threat . 
 15 it 's last period and i 'm sitting beside tam waiting for the day to be over . 
 we 're writing notes from what the teacher puts up on the overhead projector , when tam drops her pen and stops writing . 
 i figure she 's resting a sore hand but after a minute she 's still not taking notes . 
 `` you just expect to memorize all this ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 she looks at me , and i can see in her eyes that she 's afraid . 
 something 's wrong . 
 `` can you see anything ? 
 is the hex different ? '' 
 she whispers back . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 the blue aura is the same as it 's been all day . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` i ca n't feel my hand . 
 it tingles , but i ca n't move it . 
 i think my hand 's gone dead . '' 
 i can see tears in tam 's eyes reflecting the brightness of the projector screen . 
 `` ladies , keep it down , '' calls the teacher . 
 tam shakes her lifeless hand , then shakes her head ; it 's not waking up . 
 i stand up . 
 `` we have to go to the office , '' i say to the teacher . 
 `` i think there 's something wrong . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 he says , sounding more annoyed than concerned . 
 `` i ca n't move my arm , '' says tam , standing beside me . 
 `` it just stopped working . '' 
 the teacher is a little incredulous at first , but once he sees the fear in tam 's eyes he agree that we can go . 
 `` ok , '' he says . 
 `` you can take to her the office to wait for a nurse , and then come right back . '' 
 i lead tam into the hallway , and outside , i grab her hand . 
 `` can you feel this ? '' 
 i say , squeezing in little pulses . 
 `` nothing . 
 it 's just tingles like it 's asleep . '' 
 i bend a few of her fingers , then open them again . 
 `` anything ? 
 feel the movement ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 it 's just not there . '' 
 she looks really scared . 
 `` is it glowing ? 
 it is attacking me ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' i say . 
 `` your hand is no different from the rest of you . '' 
 now she looks terrified . 
 `` does that mean the rest of me 's going to stop working too ? '' 
 while tam 's in the hospital , waiting for another doctor to examine her -lrb- the first two found nothing wrong -rrb- , i 've invited marlene over to comb through the books and websites and figure out what kind of hex tam 's dealing with . 
 `` worst case scenario , '' marlene says , handing me her big leather-bound spellbook , open to a certain page , `` is the death curse . '' 
 the picture on the page is some kind of old etching , showing a man so emaciated you can see his skull under the skin . 
 reading the page , i see that marlie was right to think of this as the worst possible hex . 
 it details a long , painful draining of the victim 's life , shrivelling them down to nothing and gradually weakening the body until they can not move or stand , and then they finally die , after what the book calls ` a year of torment . ' 
 it sounds horrible , but i do n't think that 's what tam 's got . 
 `` this says it 's very painful . 
 you lose the use of your body but the pain only gets worse . 
 tam lost feeling . 
 no pain . 
 and she looks the same , not all skinny like this guy . '' 
 `` hopefully that means this is n't it then , '' marlene says , taking the book back from me . 
 `` plus , it says you need to speak the hex into an amulet containing a trapped human soul , and i think that 's a bit hardcore for sydney . 
 also , it says you need fat from an ox . '' 
 `` ew . '' 
 i get back on my computer and look through a website that lists various spells . 
 `` tell me if any of these sound close , '' i say . 
 `` sleep spell ? 
 maybe it went wrong and only hit her hand ? '' 
 `` i do n't think that 's how it works , '' she says , her tone not quite hiding the ` duh ' she must be thinking . 
 `` paralyzer ? '' 
 `` doubt it . 
 it would n't take all day to work and then only affect a hand . 
 it would either paralyze her completely or it would do nothing if they did it wrong . '' 
 i scroll through some more spells , but the website contains a ridiculous number of ` modern ' magic , like love spells , weight loss , aphrodisiac spells , even a hex to make someone stop smoking . 
 nothing that would freeze a girl 's hand . 
 `` i have something here , '' marlene says . 
 `` but you wo n't like it . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask , worried that she 's found the hex , and it 's something that will doom tamara . 
 instead she surprises me with a solution . 
 `` seerseye potion . 
 it 's a magic tea you can drink . 
 sort of a hallucinogenic , maybe ? 
 it says it can boost a seer 's power and give them greater insight . '' 
 i take the book , but i do n't understand how that could help tam . 
 `` so what ? '' 
 `` you 're a seer , '' she says . 
 `` you have the second sight , or the third eye , or the sixth sense . 
 whatever numbered thing it is . '' 
 `` two times three is six , '' i say , smiling at the joke . 
 `` second sight times third eye -- '' marlene gives me the same look i give her when she 's talking about her role playing games . 
 `` i get it . '' 
 `` so this tea will make me see even more crazy things ? 
 that sounds ... '' i say , thinking about it , `` ... horrible . 
 but it could help tam ? '' 
 `` maybe . 
 i think it might make it so you do n't just see hexes , you see the magical people who cast the spells . 
 you 'll generally just be more open to the magic around you . 
 sort of like how a long exposure on a camera lets in more light . '' 
 `` allowing me to track down whatever witch is doing this to tam . '' 
 `` exactly . '' 
 i read the page in the book , and then i come to the part that marlie knew i would n't like . 
 `` warning : this potion will open the mind to an unnatural state of awareness that can not always be reversed . 
 in any case , ordinary folk who consume the potion often fall into raving madness , and even gifted seers may not return to sanity . 
 consume at your own risk . '' 
 `` if you drink it , it might make you crazy , '' she says , pulling the book out of my hands . 
 no wonder she warned me i would n't like it . 
 if there 's one thing that i can firmly promise myself , one belief that i hold dear , it 's that i will never let myself end up like my mother . 
 there 's no way i will ever get to that point . 
 the anger , the mania , the years locked in padded rooms . 
 not a chance . 
 `` we wo n't need to use it . 
 i 'm not going crazy , '' i state firmly . 
 `` i stopped the last hex without magic potions , and i can stop this one too . 
 we just have to find the right hex , then we 'll know what kind of talisman we 're looking for . '' 
 `` on it , '' she says . 
 for a little while we research in silence , me on the internet and marlene reading her antique book , but neither of us finds a spell that matches what tam 's experiencing . 
 by the time marlene goes home , we still have n't got a clue . 
 i call tam 's cell , leave a message , and wait for someone to call back to tell me she 's ok . 
 friday , january 25 after spending much of the night hogging my family 's phone to keep in touch with tam , i finally slept for a few short hours , waking repeatedly in fits of worry that my best friend was being somehow taken apart by something i could n't stop . 
 the school 's nurse sent her to the hospital . 
 the hospital doctors poked and examined her hand for a couple of hours . 
 they found nothing wrong . 
 they x-rayed her hand and then sent her for another scan to look at the whole arm . 
 nothing wrong . 
 the arm has no swelling or tenderness , just a lack of feeling that appears around the wrist and consumes her hand . 
 they scheduled an mri for tuesday down in toronto , so tamara 's mom will have to take a day off work to take her . 
 i 'm at our lockers waiting for tam when ryan comes over and joins me . 
 `` how is she ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` ca n't use her right hand . '' 
 `` wish there was something i could do . '' 
 i do n't want to mention any suspicions i may have had about ryan , since he 's here and he 's concerned and he seems to be really upset . 
 he drops his heavy bag on the floor and looks at the corner where sometime soon tam should appear . 
 `` is it a curse ? '' 
 he asks without look at me . 
 now there 's an interesting question . 
 `` did she tell you that ? '' 
 `` no , but what else could it be ? '' 
 he says with a slump of the shoulders . 
 i nod . 
 `` it is . 
 i 've being seeing tam in blue for the last couple days . '' 
 he still does n't look at me , or even express any surprise . 
 `` since before or after ... '' he says , `` she broke it off ? '' 
 `` after . 
 by a few hours . '' 
 he shakes his head a little . 
 `` i feel so bad , '' he says . 
 `` i know it 's awful but i was kind of hoping she was hexed somehow . '' 
 `` so she 'd know how bad it felt when she dumped you ? '' 
 i say , and immediately realize that was both too harsh and completely without tact . 
 he finally turns and looks at me , his eyes opened wide with surprise . 
 `` no way ! 
 i meant i hoped that it was some outside force that broke us up , and not just tam deciding we were done . 
 if she was cursed , then maybe someone fooled her mind into wanting to break up . 
 then we could break the spell and get back together . 
 but if she was n't cursed , then she meant it , really meant it ... '' `` i do n't think it was over , '' i say . 
 `` she did nothing but regret it , at least from my point of view . '' 
 ryan shrugs . 
 `` she never called , or even said hi in the hallway . 
 i was so busy thinking about myself , how she was hurting me , it never really occurred to me that she had bigger problems the last couple days . '' 
 `` i thought you said you hoped she was cursed ? '' 
 i say , since he seemed to have both hoped for it and been oblivious to it at the same time . 
 `` you know what i mean . 
 i hoped for that like you hope for a million dollars . 
 it was n't a real thought . 
 not until i heard she lost the feeling in her hand yesterday . 
 i called her cell , but she never answered . '' 
 `` maybe the hospital has rules against it , '' i lie . 
 i talked to tam three times while she waited for doctors and tests . 
 we both settle into waiting by the lockers and looking for tam . 
 finally she comes around the corner , her right arm in a sling , her winter coat draped over that side of her body like a cape . 
 `` hey , '' she says to me as she reaches for her lock . 
 after a long pause she nods toward ryan and repeats `` hey . '' 
 `` so how is it ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` you tell me . 
 i feel the same but i ca n't see the real problem . 
 you 're basically my doctor now . '' 
 i look her up and down . 
 she still has a blue light all around herself , but it 's completely even and uniform . 
 it does n't glow or move or target any part of her more than the rest . 
 `` it 's the same as yesterday . 
 nothing special about your hand . '' 
 `` is that good ? '' 
 ryan asks . 
 `` i guess you told him ? '' 
 she says to me . 
 `` he guessed . '' 
 tam finally faces her ex , and he looks at her with the same kind , loving look he had for her two days ago before she broke his heart . 
 `` are you helping ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` of course . 
 i ca n't exactly watch you fall apart . '' 
 `` ok . 
 and just to be clear , you did n't do this to me , right ? '' 
 he looks shocked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` it was mindee 's idea . 
 she thought you had motive . '' 
 ryan looks at me like i betrayed him . 
 i want be small enough to hide inside my locker , but all i can do is shrug . 
 `` i wanted a list of suspects , and you would have every reason to be mad . '' 
 he shakes his head but says `` i get it . 
 it was n't me , but i get it . '' 
 `` ok , '' tam says . 
 `` i knew it was n't you anyway . 
 we confronted sydney , and as soon as we pissed her off this happened to my hand . 
 it got worse when her emotions got stronger . 
 she even made sure to point out that she got a security system so nobody can break into her house to steal the talisman this time . '' 
 ryan nods , always the one looking for the non-criminal solution : `` maybe we can find some proof without committing a felony ? '' 
 i agree : `` she says she has an alibi . 
 all we have to do is talk to wayne shepherd and we 'll have a better idea . '' 
 so we decide that since we 're on the same lunch as wayne , tam and i will try to get him to say whether or not he was with sydney when the spell was cast , and the once we know for sure that sydney 's lying to us , we 'll come up with a plan to track down the talisman that 's creating the hex . 
 we find wayne eating his lunch with some friends in the cafeteria . 
 `` can we talk to you a second ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i 'm not on council anymore . 
 if you have a question , ask dina , '' he says . 
 we have n't talked to him since before the election last term , so i guess he still thinks of us as helpful student council volunteers . 
 `` i know that , but i had something to talk to you about . '' 
 wayne 's friends , all seniors , look at him like this visit by younger girls is somehow funny , but he gets up and comes over to an empty table with us . 
 `` i 'm sure you know that last term tam got into a fight with sydney , '' i say . 
 `` yeah , '' he says like i 'm wasting his time . 
 `` well last wednesday somebody did something really bad to tam and we think it was sydney retaliating . 
 but sydney says she has an alibi . 
 you . '' 
 he looks confused . 
 `` what exactly do you think she did ? '' 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 what matters is that she said she was with you , on wednesday , at eleven thirty . 
 can you confirm that or not ? '' 
 even though i 've done all the talking , he looks at tamara . 
 `` i do n't know what you have against syd but leave her alone . 
 it 's bad enough that dina told all the girls they should n't hang out with her anymore , now you 're going around slandering the poor girl . '' 
 tam scoffs . 
 `` i ca n't use my arm because of that bitch and she 'll do worse to me if she gets a chance . '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 i interject . 
 `` were you with her or not ? '' 
 wayne looks at me with anger in his eyes and then he softens , raises a finger to his lips . 
 `` i asked angela to the valentines dance . 
 i ca n't have you going around saying i was with sydney . '' 
 `` we are n't saying , we 're asking , yes or no ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i was at home , in my room , watching letterman . 
 ok ? '' 
 tam shakes her head . 
 `` knew it . 
 lying witch . '' 
 before i can think of what to do next , i 'm chasing tam down the hallway toward the music room . 
 it 's obvious she 's going to go right after sydney , but that wo n't do us any good . 
 even if sydney admits that she lied , she still has a talisman hidden away somewhere that we wo n't be able to find . 
 getting her mad will only fuel the hex , which will only hurt tam . 
 but before we can even get there , the sound of a girl shrieking echoes down the hallway . 
 we were walking very fast before , but now we run . 
 when we get close to the music department we see the door burst open and two girls push through the door , holding onto each other in a mess of flailing arms , wild hair and kicking legs . 
 they cross the hallway and slam against a locker , both girls screaming and swearing at each other . 
 it 's only when we get close that we can see that the one being slammed against the locker is sydney , who screams in pain each time the other girl slams her into the steel lockers . 
 the other girl is masked behind a mess of hair , but when she talks i can tell who it is . 
 `` i wo n't let you do it again ! 
 not again ! '' 
 she shouts , slapping and grabbing at sydney . 
 sydney swings her arms up and down , trying to block incoming blows , but she does n't seem to know what to do and she 's really taking the worst of the beating . 
 `` you almost killed me , '' the other girl screams . 
 `` i was in a cast for two months because of you . '' 
 even tam is frozen by the sight of our new student council president slamming a student into the lockers and slapping her in the face , even though tam probably wants to do something similar . 
 since there are still classes happening in third period , one of the nearby doors opens and mr. stevens , an old guy with a short grey beard comes out and sees what appears to be dina mugging a defenseless sydney . 
 he shouts for the girls to break it up , running over to pull dina off of sydney . 
 when he finally gets them apart , sydney 's got some red marks on her face that will likely turn into bruises by tomorrow , and dina finally pulls her hair back to show that her face is bright red with anger and there are lines on her cheeks where tears burrowed through her makeup . 
 mr. stevens tells them that they 're going to follow him to the office right now , then tells his own students to get back in the class and continue their reading . 
 as he begins to lead the pugilists away , both dina and sydney notice us standing there . 
 dina looks apologetic , the look on her face seeming to say ` i tried to help . ' 
 sydney looks at us like we must have put dina up to this . 
 she looks at me with pure loathing and when she passes us , she bumps tam with her shoulder . 
 i see a student i recognize , kim kubert , who 's in the marching band and hangs out around the music department a lot , emerge from the music room door . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i dunno . 
 that other girl just came in and started accusing syd of all kinds of things , and then she was shouting all this stuff like how sydney tried to kill her and how sydney was dangerous . 
 then syd tried to tackle her and after that the other girl just beat her up . 
 was n't that the girl from the student council ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i say . 
 `` at least she used to be . 
 not sure if she has much of a career in politics after this . '' 
 after a couple minutes of standing around , stunned that dina would suddenly decide to vent her anger at sydney , we decide to head to the front offices and spy on what 's happening . 
 we linger just around a corner , looking through the large windows from the hallway into the front office , where dina is waiting . 
 the secretaries occasionally shoot her a disapproving look , but nobody seems to say anything to her . 
 after a couple minutes , one of the vice principals , mrs. grey , comes out of an office with sydney trailing behind her . 
 mrs. grey tells sydney to sit down and wait , and then brings dina into the office , and closes the door . 
 as soon as she 's alone in the waiting area , sydney leans forward and hides her face behind both hands . 
 the bell rings , ending lunch and starting fourth period . 
 `` should n't we go ? '' 
 i ask tam . 
 `` hell no . 
 i 'm staying right here and watching what happens . '' 
 `` if mrs. grey sees you out here she might think you 're involved , '' i say . 
 tam uses her left hand to point at the sling that holds her right . 
 `` i am involved , '' she says . 
 the hallways flood with students as hungry kids are set out on lunch and others return to class after their own break . 
 for five minutes we have to stand against the wall just to avoid the flood of bodies , but as half the students find classrooms and the rest find a place to socialize , we are able to get back to the corner to spy on sydney some more . 
 mrs. grey comes out and sits dina on a chair right next to sydney , at which point sydney sits up straight again , revealing a flushed face and red eyes . 
 mrs. grey starts to lecture them both . 
 i 'm not able to read lips or anything , but i can tell she 's really laying on a guilt trip . 
 i 'm sure it 's not ideal to have the student council president beat up another girl , so it 's no wonder that most of mrs. grey 's attention is focused on dina . 
 eventually mrs. grey goes back to her office , this time leaving the door open , and sydney are dina are left sitting in the office . 
 after a minute or so , dina moves a couple chairs over so they are n't sitting right next to each other , but i do n't think either of them actually said anything before she moved . 
 the main doors to the school open and a woman enters . 
 with her brown hair and tall , lanky frame , it 's obvious this is sydney 's mom . 
 she heads into the office , says something to sydney , and then talks to one of the secretaries . 
 sydney does n't say anything , or even look up to see her mother . 
 she just stares at the floor and waits . 
 mrs. grey comes out and talks to sydney 's mother , and after a couple minutes , sydney and her mom leave the office . 
 once they 're out in the hallway , both women see us standing around the corner watching them . 
 `` is that the same one ? '' 
 sydney 's mother asks . 
 sydney nods , and immediately her mother is marching over to us , looking straight at tam . 
 `` it was n't enough to attack my daughter once , you had to get your friend to do it again ? '' 
 she accuses . 
 `` i did n't do anything , '' tam says weakly . 
 `` and this one , '' she says , looking at me , `` must be the one that broke into my home and climbed out a window like a little thief . '' 
 i ca n't say anything . 
 even though i heard her voice when i was inside the house , i 've never seen sydney 's mom up close before . 
 she 's beautiful despite the big chin , with long wavy brown hair and high cheekbones , but what 's striking are her eyes . 
 this woman has eyes that seem to be brown with flecks of red . 
 there 's one guy in town who works at the grocery store , who has pure red eyes , but he 's kind of freaky looking and that guy 's legally blind . 
 sydney 's mother 's eyes are more normal than that , and we know that she drives so she ca n't be blind , but the little hint of red makes her seem very unusual , and i find it very hard to look her in the eye , or to say anything at all . 
 `` well ? '' 
 she demands . 
 `` i , um , do n't know what you mean . '' 
 `` of course you do n't . '' 
 she holds sydney 's hand and starts toward the doors . 
 `` you two stay away from my sydney or i 'll file a restraining order , got it ? '' 
 we say nothing as they leave , and even after they 're gone , tam and i just stand at the corner , not sure how to react . 
 `` i guess breaking into her house again is probably a bad plan , '' i say after the silence becomes unbearable . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 tam agrees . 
 `` but now we 've got no proof , no confession , and we definitely ca n't break in and find the charm . 
 what are we going to do ? '' 
 `` we 're gon na go back to class , and deal with this later . '' 
 tam looks annoyed that i still expect life to go on even though she 's hexed , but there 's nothing we can do until we know for sure that sydney has the talisman that made the hex . 
 when we get back to our lockers , tam 's leg buckles and she falls to the floor . 
 i let out a short , automatic yelp at the sight , and then i try to help her up . 
 she tries to climb to her feet , but ca n't get up , even with me pulling on her good arm . 
 `` my leg does n't work , '' she says . 
 i look in her eyes and all i see is terror . 
 `` i ca n't feel it at all ! '' 
 they call an ambulance to take tam to the hospital for more tests , and i just know that she 'll be staying at the hospital overnight . 
 this thing is still spreading , getting stronger each time we confront sydney . 
 we know she lied about where she was when the hex was cast , and every time her emotions flare up , tam gets worse . 
 that 's enough proof for me . 
 sydney 's guilty . 
 `` what can we do to help ? '' 
 ryan asks me . 
 it 's after school and ryan and marlene came to my locker straight away , as if both of them heard a call to arms . 
 `` we have to find the talisman and destroy it , but we ca n't just break into sydney 's house and get arrested , '' i say . 
 although now i 'm thinking it might come to that if tam gets any worse . 
 i know i 'd break the law to save her , but i just do n't know what kind of resistance sydney and her red-eyed mother would pose if they found me breaking in . 
 not to mention the fact that if i get locked in jail or something then i 'd be useless to help tam . 
 `` there 's only one thing left to do , '' i say . 
 `` i have to boost my power . '' 
 `` how do you do that ? '' 
 ryan asks `` there 's a potion we can make , that might let me see who 's doing this . 
 maybe even show me where the talisman is hidden . '' 
 even as i say it , marlene is shaking her head at me . 
 `` so why have n't we done that already ? '' 
 ryan asks , knowing there must be a catch . 
 `` i just did n't think it was necessary until now . '' 
 if i told ryan that the potion might drive me insane , he 'd tell tam , and they would n't let me do it . 
 but without the potion we 'll never stop the hex , so i wo n't tell him the risks . 
 i grab marlene by the shoulders and look into her eyes . 
 `` tell me what we need to make seerseye potion . '' 
 16 saturday , january 26 it turns out the potion contained a lot of things not commonly sold in blue ribbon 's iga grocery store . 
 for example , one of the things we need is called ` black root , ' and another is apparently ` eye of a rat . ' 
 when marlene showed me the book i could n't believe that things like that were actually required for working spells . 
 i suppose i was thinking of it as chemistry ; you put the right elements together to trigger a reaction . 
 but this is the world of magic , where you put things together that should not react , and then they react anyway . 
 so by boiling a concoction of herbs , roots , and animal parts , while reading the right spell out loud into the pot , we should be able to create something that will make my sixth sense much more sensitive . 
 marlene tells me that this is how magic works : you take a human emotion or desire , and then you filter it through a connection to the physical world . 
 there are two types of hexes : spells and potions . 
 spells are tied to the physical world through talismans , and potions have to be made of things tied to the earth : plants , animals , stones , etc. . 
 a spell is tied to its victim because something they own is included in the talisman , while a potion also has a talisman , it only works if it is actually ingested by the person you 're targeting . 
 you ca n't get away with making a potion out of artificial ingredients , it all has to come from the earth naturally . 
 we need to find the real ingredients somewhere . 
 after some research , marlene found that there is a magic supply store in toronto that offers what we need . 
 it 's a two hour drive , so it 's lucky that it 's the weekend . 
 ryan made up a story about going to the city to get a get-well present for tam , and his parents let him borrow the bmw . 
 marlene brought the big leather book , but i made her write a list on a normal piece of paper so we seem slightly more normal when we go into the store . 
 we eventually find the place , a small shop in a strip mall in a mostly industrial area in northern toronto . 
 the sign above the store is red with black letters in an old-timey sans serif that might better suit an irish pub . 
 `` cauldron bubble , '' it reads . 
 we enter the shop and are greeted lazily by a middle-aged man sitting on a bar stool behind the counter , who then goes back to reading his comic book . 
 we take a couple minutes to walk around . 
 a lot of the store is devoted to candles , some to dried herbs , and a shelf near the back holds jars and vials of various animal parts . 
 -lrb- yes , there is a section of glass tubes containing eyes of newt . 
 but i do n't need those , i need rat eyes , which are farther down the same shelf . -rrb- 
 marlene is intrigued and distracted by a section of spellbooks , and ryan is picking through jars in the animal parts section . 
 he picks up a small jar and rotates it , make a face , then reads the sticker on the jar with the hand-written note explaining that this is a dog 's liver . 
 he moves on to a small vial and looks at the lizard 's tongue contained within . 
 `` this is so gross , '' he says . 
 `` very gross , '' calls the shopkeeper , not even looking up from his comic . 
 `` and if you kids feel like stealing , i 've got cameras on every square inch of the place . '' 
 ryan carefully slots the vial back into its holder and we settle into choosing our ingredients so we can make the potion . 
 marlene also picks out a few spellbooks and i offer to split the cost on them with her , since i 'm the one who seems to need the knowledge anyway . 
 there 's only one ingredient we ca n't find , so we bring everything up to the counter and set it down , then i ask . 
 `` hey , do you sell any black root ? '' 
 the shopkeeper sets down his comic book and cracks his neck . 
 `` why would you want that ? '' 
 `` um , '' i stammer . 
 `` it 's on the ingredient list . '' 
 `` for what ? '' 
 i do n't really think that 's any of his business . 
 `` we 're just making a potion and the book said we need black root , so ... '' `` back root is a hallucinogenic , '' he says . 
 i think this is a practiced speech he 's said to a lot of people . 
 `` i can not sell you an illegal substance . 
 i am not a drug dealer . 
 i sell legal , natural products for the practice of a legitimate religion known as wicca and i will not sully my noble practice by selling dope to teenagers . '' 
 he looks at all three of us . 
 `` how old are you , anyway ? '' 
 `` fifteen , '' i manage to say , then point to ryan . 
 `` he 's almost seventeen . '' 
 `` i 'll sell you anything on the shelf , but i do n't deal drugs . 
 so you want to ring this stuff up , or not ? '' 
 i look to marlene . 
 `` will it work , without the root ? '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` doubt it . '' 
 the shopkeeper is looking at the things i 've set on the counter and typing them into his old mechanical cash register . 
 `` what are you looking to brew ? '' 
 he asks , punctuating with a bored sigh as if to say he 's completely above us and our teenage dalliance with witchcraft . 
 `` seerseye , '' i say . 
 `` seerseye potion . '' 
 he stops typing . 
 `` that stuff 's dangerous . 
 it 's like pcp and peyote had a baby . 
 i 've only seen one person drink it , and she ended up in a psych ward for eight months before they let her out again . 
 trust me , kid , you 're better off smoking pot . '' 
 i realize that he thinks of us as nothing more than annoying kids who do n't realize what we 're messing with . 
 heck , that 's probably most of his customers . 
 but i have a genuine second sight and i wo n't be talked down to like a small child . 
 `` i 'm a seer , '' i say , my voice more confident than i am actually am . 
 i 've never said it out loud , or really even thought of myself that way , but there it is . 
 `` i 'm a seer and back in our hometown there 's a girl with a nasty hex on her that 's taking her apart piece by piece . 
 and if i ca n't track the source of that hex then our friend will die . 
 and if i have to risk going crazy to save my best friend then i 'll do it . 
 so i 'd prefer if you would stop mocking us , ring up the sale and tell me where i can get some goddamn black root . '' 
 the shopkeeper is taken aback . 
 he raises his bushy eyebrows and nods . 
 `` a seer , huh ? 
 what do you see ? '' 
 `` hexes on people . '' 
 `` prove it . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` prove you have the sight . '' 
 he takes out a shoebox from under the counter , containing various trinkets and items . 
 `` i 'll hex one of your friends , and you tell me which one . 
 get it right a few times and i 'll let you know where there 's some black root available . '' 
 `` you 'll take the hex apart as soon as i get it ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` obviously . '' 
 `` then do it . '' 
 marlene takes a small step back , and i realize that maybe i should have asked their permission before volunteering my companions to be hexed . 
 `` i 'll need an item from each of you , '' he says , and holds out his hand . 
 marlene takes a pin from her hair and hands it to him . 
 ryan slips a rubber bracelet off his wrist and hands it over . 
 the shopkeeper slips both under the desk , where i ca n't see . 
 he takes his own possession -- his glasses -- and ties them to a rock while whispering a hex . 
 he then slips the whole works under the counter , and finishes the hex by tying his item to one of my friends ' possessions . 
 as soon as he stops whispering , the light around ryan turns red . 
 `` him , '' i say , pointing . 
 i did n't even wait for the shopkeeper to tell me to guess . 
 `` he turned red . '' 
 `` lucky guess . '' 
 the shopkeeper pulls the string away , breaking the talisman , and the red light disappears . 
 `` let 's try another . '' 
 he repeats the ritual , whispering something a little different , and this time tying a small twig , which is tied into a circle like a tiny wreath , to his glasses . 
 he slips his hands under the counter and chooses an object . 
 once again , ryan lights up , only now he 's green . 
 `` him again . 
 different hex , now he 's green . '' 
 `` still could be luck , '' the man says . 
 `` get one more and i 'll believe you . '' 
 he breaks this new talisman and ryan returns to a normal colour . 
 the shopkeeper follows his familiar hexing routine again , tying his personal item to a bone and then slipping his hands out of sight . 
 he whispers so quietly and fast i ca n't make out the words , and then i realize he 's speaking in latin . 
 he finishes talking , and looks at me expectantly . 
 `` well ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i look at ryan , and he 's still normal . 
 then i look at marlie , who is also just a regular colour . 
 `` can we turn the lights off ? 
 i do n't see it . '' 
 `` i thought you were a seer ? 
 pretty bad seer if you ca n't see . '' 
 i think maybe he 's trying to fool me ; maybe he did n't cast a hex at all . 
 i say as much , and he mocks me with fake laughter . 
 `` i cast a hex to weaken the immune system . 
 not harmful in short doses , but definitely easy for a seer to spot . 
 if she were actually a seer . '' 
 i look back at ryan and see nothing . 
 i look at marlene and see the same total lack of evidence . 
 could the guy have cast it on himself ? 
 no , i do n't see anything on him either . 
 finally , i realize the game he 's playing and walk a few feet away from the desk , where there 's a mirror . 
 in my reflection , i 'm surrounded by a red fog . 
 `` it 's red . 
 it 's all around me , in the air . '' 
 i hold out my arm and look at myself , but see nothing . 
 it only shows up in the mirror . 
 `` why can i only see it in the mirror ? '' 
 the shopkeeper nods in appreciation . 
 `` a mirror is a second sight . 
 it reveals the truth . '' 
 `` like a vampire casting no reflection ? '' 
 ryan asks . 
 `` no such thing , '' the clerk says . 
 `` how did you cast a hex on me ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i did n't give you anything of mine . '' 
 the shopkeeper holds his hand up , pinching his forefinger and thumb together . 
 it looks like he is n't even holding anything . 
 `` one of your hairs . '' 
 `` that 's enough to cast a hex ? '' 
 ryan asks , a little shocked . 
 `` more than enough . 
 it grew from your body . 
 it 's way more potent than a bracelet or a pin . 
 in medieval times , people burned their hair after they cut it , just to make sure their enemies could n't get their hands on it . '' 
 he pulls on the hair a little and it comes away from the rest of the talisman , breaking the hex . 
 he holds it out to me , and i actually reach out to take my stray hair back . 
 i come back toward the desk . 
 `` so you say there 's no such thing as vampires ? 
 but there is such a thing as black root ? '' 
 the shopkeeper smirks . 
 `` of course there is . '' 
 he opens a drawer behind the counter and pulls out a small plastic baggie of thin black fibres that look a bit like saffron . 
 `` and it is extremely dangerous , and we do n't sell it here , understand ? '' 
 `` of course , '' i say , reaching out for the baggie . 
 we ring up the sale , which is egregiously expensive and requires a split between our three debit cards , and then we head for the door . 
 `` i mean it about that potion , '' he says . 
 `` that girl who went crazy was a friend . 
 she was a seer too . 
 do n't drink it . '' 
 i nod , and open the door to leave . 
 as the door 's shutting behind us , he shouts . 
 `` and if you change your mind , there are no refunds ! '' 
 17 sunday , january 27 we could n't actually make the potion after we got home yesterday . 
 that 's the tough part about brewing up a batch of magic hallucinogen : you really ca n't do it when your parents are home . 
 ryan , marlene and i promised to get in touch with each other as soon as one of us had a parent-free house to brew in , which never happened yesterday . 
 today marlene called and said her parents were going to collingwood to watch an afternoon movie , which meant three hours of uninterrupted kitchen time for us . 
 i 'm watching a pot of water boil as marlene lines up the ingredients on the counter . 
 the magic requires that the various ingredients are added to the brew in a specific sequence , so we have to get it right . 
 in addition to brewing the potion , we also have to recite the spell that will enchant the liquid with whatever magical properties will open my perception to allow me to better use my sixth sense . 
 marlene will read from the spellbook , and when she pauses , i will respond with `` sight beyond sight , '' and then drop one of the ingredients into the pot . 
 once all ingredients are boiling , we will remove the pot from the burner , cover it , and let it steep for a while . 
 then i am to dunk a cup into the pot , scoop up some potion , and drink it down . 
 considering that this brew will contain boiled rat eye , i fully expect it will be disgusting . 
 i just hope i can actually drink the stuff without puking . 
 `` with the sun in the sky and the earth below , '' marlene reads . 
 `` sight beyond sight , '' i say , and drop a shrivelled funky-smelling mushroom into the pot . 
 `` with gods in heaven and the devil below , '' she continues . 
 `` sight beyond sight . '' 
 i drop a dried purple flower into the water , where it floats . 
 `` a light unseen , a sound unheard . '' 
 `` sight beyond sight . '' 
 in goes a spoonful of fish roe . 
 `` in a foreign tongue , the unspoken word . '' 
 `` sight beyond sight . '' 
 i scoop the pickled rat 's eye out of its jar and drop it in . 
 `` the five senses of man , this world of thorns . '' 
 `` sight beyond sight . '' 
 i dump in a powder that we made from yet another mushroom . 
 `` the knowledge of gods , a new sense born . '' 
 `` sight beyond sight . '' 
 i crack an ordinary chicken egg into the pot , where it begins to poach . 
 `` bless this potion and your servant by , '' she says . 
 `` sight beyond sight . '' 
 i add the black root , making sure it goes into the water and does n't just sit on top of the egg . 
 `` opening your servant 's all-seeing eye . '' 
 `` sight beyond sight . '' 
 i add the last ingredient , something personal of mine to bind the potion to my energy . 
 normally this would be a talisman binding the caster to the subject of the hex , but in this case i 'm both the ` witch ' and the ` subject ' so i do n't need to do that . 
 i have chosen to add my mom 's wedding band to the brew . 
 i wear it on my necklace every day , which gives it a strong connection to me , and since it 's metal the hot water wo n't wreck it . 
 once that 's added , i pick up the lid and cover the pot , then step aside so marlene can slide the pot to a different burner where it 's off the heat . 
 `` amen , '' says ryan , who has watched this procedure from several feet away where would n't be in anyone 's way . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 `` now we let it sit , '' says marlene . 
 `` it has to steep a while , just like tea . 
 once it 's cooled down enough to drink , mindee gets to drink it . '' 
 `` gross , '' he says , making a face . 
 when he sees my displeasure he corrects himself with , `` i mean ... i 'm sure it 's delicious . '' 
 we sit at the table and wait , each of us absentmindedly reading one of the many pages scattered over the table . 
 marlene 's parents ' home is littered with newspapers , magazines and any other sort of reading material , so there 's a lot to keep us occupied since we have nothing to say to each other . 
 we 've just cooked up a magic recipe that might send me into a crazy drug trip , and somehow talking about school or gossip or anything normal would just be disrespectful to the complete insanity we 've just carried out . 
 after a couple minutes of silence , i turn to ryan . 
 `` have you been to see tam ? '' 
 `` yeah , i went to the hospital last night . 
 her mom was waiting and i guess she never told her folks we split up since they were really happy i was there . 
 `` how was tam ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` the same . 
 her right hand and left leg have no feeling at all . 
 the rest of her is fine . 
 the mri found nothing wrong , no nerve damage or anything . 
 it 's nothing permanent . 
 one doctor told her folks it might be psychosomatic . '' 
 `` like she 's faking it ? '' 
 marlene asks . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` i guess he 's right , '' i say . 
 `` i mean , not really . 
 but there 's no medical reason she 's sick . 
 it 's magic and magic does n't show up on a blood test . '' 
 `` her parents are freaked , '' ryan says . 
 `` they worry that the next muscle to go will be her heart or her lungs . 
 i mean , if this thing shuts down her diaphragm so she ca n't breathe ... '' `` it 's not going to . '' 
 i say . 
 `` i will find this thing . 
 if the potion works , i ought to be able to sniff out magic like a bloodhound . 
 that talisman 's as good as destroyed already . '' 
 `` and what if all the potion does is make you crazy like you 're on pcp and you end up in jail ? 
 what then ? '' 
 ryan 's head slumps and i think he 's worried he 'll start crying . 
 `` it wo n't , '' i say . 
 `` just watch . '' 
 i sound confident , and i almost convince myself that i really am sure this will work . 
 but then i picture my mother , locked behind a heavy door because her mind would n't let her live a normal life , and i know that under my false confidence i 'm terrified . 
 no . 
 scratch that . 
 i 'm not terrified . 
 i wo n't let myself be . 
 i 'm fired up , angry that this is happening to tam , and i 'm done waiting for a solution . 
 i 'm not going to wait around until i chicken out ; i 'm going to track that spell down right now . 
 this afternoon . 
 i stand up , march over to the pot , pick up a mug , and dunk it in . 
 i hold the lip of my mug against the side of the pot so the floating grossness does n't flow into the cup , only liquid . 
 the water has turned dark brown , likely infused by the black root , and i get a good amount , almost three-quarters of a mugful . 
 `` for tam , '' i say , and lift the mug to my lips . 
 it 's incredibly sour . 
 the taste makes me squeeze my eyes shut and i have to force myself to gulp it down . 
 i know that once i stop , and the aftertaste hits me , i 'll be so repulsed that i wo n't want to finish . 
 so i just keep gulping away , and swallow the entire mug of vile potion . 
 when i finish , my mouth is filled with a flavour like a combination of raw ginger and vinegar . 
 i retch , and taste bile at the back of my mouth , but i force myself to keep it down . 
 ten seconds after i drank it , my mouth still tastes disgusting , but i do n't think i 'm going to puke . 
 -lrb- hopefully . 
 yeck . -rrb- 
 `` you did n't say the words , '' marlene says . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` right before you drink it you 're supposed to say ` goddess protect me , ' to avoid anything going wrong . 
 you did n't say it . '' 
 `` you did n't tell me to say it . '' 
 `` i tried , but you were in such a rush to drink it you did n't even hear me . '' 
 ryan nods in agreement , so i guess marlie did try to warn me . 
 still , either of them could have shouted ` stop ' instead of just sitting at the table and watching me drink the stuff . 
 `` does that mean it wo n't work ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 do you see anything different than usual ? '' 
 i do n't . 
 the world of marlene 's kitchen looks completely normal . 
 `` nothing , '' i say . 
 `` maybe we should take a walk ? '' 
 we leave the pot on the stove and head outside into the freezing january air to take a walk around the neighbourhood . 
 i 'm looking around , trying to see if anything is different . 
 marlene and ryan are looking at me , trying to see if i 'm different . 
 after a half-hour of walking around , we head back to marlene 's house to clean up before her parents get back . 
 `` are you stoned ? '' 
 ryan asks when we get back to the house . 
 `` do you feel funny ? '' 
 `` i do n't know what stoned feels like , '' i say . 
 `` but i think i 'm nothing . 
 normal . '' 
 `` i thought that black stuff was supposed to make you trip out . 
 even if we did it wrong , drinking that stuff should make you see something . '' 
 we take off our coats and boots and head to the kitchen . 
 `` no , i 'm fine , '' i say . 
 marlene heads to the book and looks at the instructions again . 
 `` if you 're really feeling no effects , '' she says . 
 `` then i think we must have screwed up the potion . 
 we did it wrong . '' 
 `` you mean i did it wrong , '' i say . 
 `` since i skipped the last step . '' 
 marlene shrugs and closes the book . 
 `` we could go buy more stuff . 
 try again . '' 
 `` when ? '' 
 i say , my voice loud and angry . 
 `` next weekend ? 
 tam might not have that long . '' 
 `` we 'll find a way to save her , '' ryan says . 
 but i know what both of them really think . 
 it 's the same thing i 'm thinking . 
 that i blew our only chance of tracking down the hex . 
 it 's my fault the potion did n't work . 
 and tam 's the one who 'll suffer for my mistake . 
 just like she 's suffering right now because sydney blames tam for my meddling in her spell . 
 i 'm the one who sees the hexes , i 'm the one who broke in and stole the talisman . 
 i 'm the one who got us all involved in this . 
 if i had just kept tam out of it , she 'd be fine right now . 
 but i got her involved , and like always i let her do the talking while i stayed quiet in the background . 
 i let her take the blame for my actions and my ideas . 
 and now , when i finally have to stand up without tam to fight my battles for me , i get the spell wrong . 
 my best friend might die , and i 'm the only person to blame . 
 i stick my hand into the cold pot of slimy magic gunk , feel around the bottom and find my ring . 
 i pull it out , shake off some of the broth and then stick my hand under the tap and turn it on . 
 i try to get the nasty stuff off both my hand and the metal , but i think i 'll have to use some jewellery cleaner at home before i can wear it without smelling the potion . 
 going through this cleaning routine has managed to distract me , put my mind on something other than tam , so that i have managed to avoid breaking down crying . 
 `` i 'll see ya tomorrow , '' i say one the washing is done , and head for the door . 
 `` i 'm going to the hospital tonight for visiting hours . 
 want to come ? '' 
 ryan says . 
 `` no , '' i say , trying not to let him see the water in my eyes , or hear the quiver in my voice . 
 `` i ca n't see her right now . '' 
 i head out into the cold afternoon , alone , and finally let my tears leak out . 
 18 alone in my room , chewing a mouthful of mint gum after brushing my teeth three times , i wonder what i did so wrong . 
 we used the ingredients , we said the spell , and we got the sequence right . 
 marlene said i failed to ask for protection , but that does n't mean we did n't brew the potion correctly . 
 so how did we get it wrong ? 
 i remember my early theory that ryan was the person who hexed tamara , and suddenly my already sick stomach feels even more nauseous . 
 ryan 's back in tam and her family 's good graces because of this . 
 he gets to spend every night with tam , even after she dumped him . 
 he 's skipping basketball for her now , just like she wanted him to . 
 maybe ryan really is the person i should be investigating . 
 after all , we kept the potion ingredients stashed in ryan 's basement after he drove us home from the magic shop . 
 what if he sabotaged us ? 
 swapped out the mushroom for a more common variety , or the powder for some spice mix from his pantry ? 
 i spend the entire night going over the spell in my mind . 
 sight beyond sight . 
 marlene read the words , i repeated the response . 
 i added the ingredients in the right order , and we said the words . 
 yet i feel nothing , see nothing . 
 the potion did n't do anything . 
 how is that possible ? 
 by the time morning comes around , after a night where i did n't sleep for even a minute , i 'm convinced . 
 ryan must have sabotaged the spell . 
 marlene and i have to try it again , and without ryan knowing . 
 but first , i 'll have to spend a day of school with him and not let him realize i 'm suspicious . 
 monday january 28 my dad just dropped me off outside the school , and i 'm not even inside before i see ryan climbing out of his mom 's bmw . 
 i ignore him and slip inside , since i 'm pretty sure he has n't seen me yet . 
 i quickly abandon my books into my locker , knowing that i 'm going to be lectured in every class today since i did n't do any of my weekend homework . 
 before marlene or ryan can find me , i head straight to class . 
 everyone always waits for the bell before going to class , so when i get there the only person in the room is my teacher , miss walchuk . 
 i sit down at my normal desk without saying anything , and the young teacher looks up from her lesson plan and makes a confused face at me . 
 `` good morning , mindee , '' she says . 
 `` morning , '' i manage to mutter . 
 so tired . 
 `` what brings you in so early ? '' 
 she sounds peppy and friendly as always , and i wonder how people can be so happy in the morning . 
 `` my best friend 's in the hospital so it 's not like there 's anyone to talk to at my locker . '' 
 `` that 's tough . 
 who 's in the hospital ? '' 
 `` tamara . 
 you know her ? '' 
 `` sure i do . 
 she was in here last semester . 
 lot of energy . 
 is it anything serious ? '' 
 `` nobody knows , '' i say . 
 inside , i 'm screaming because i do know what it is . 
 it 's very serious . 
 it will likely kill her . 
 `` well let me know how she 's doing . 
 it 's always tough when you go through something like that . '' 
 i lay my head down and close my eyes until the bell rings and summons the other students . 
 miss walchuk does n't ask when i fail to hand in my report , and i promise myself that i 'll make up all that work once i can be sure that tam 's ok . 
 after first period , i head straight to french , where i normally sit with tam . 
 i have the binder for it in my bag already , so i can avoid my locker and any potential ryan sightings between classes . 
 sitting beside an empty chair , i continue to oscillate between blaming myself for getting the spell wrong and blaming ryan for somehow , maybe , sabotaging it . 
 i almost cry when the teacher starts getting people to go through their french conversations , since my partner was tam . 
 i explain to mme. st. pierre that my partner is in the hospital , but she just says that i should have prepared my half of the conversation , and then says that i should be able to converse with her taking tam 's role . 
 i refuse to do it , and end up with a zero on the assignment . 
 behind me , the loudmouth known as ashley horton whispers insults that since tam 's voice is n't broken i should have studied . 
 ashley is one of the people who taunted me in grade eight about how hilarious it was that my mom died . 
 when i turn around to tell her to shut her mouth about tam , mme. st. pierre scolds me for disrupting other kids ' presentations . 
 throughout all of this , the world looks normal . 
 without tam around , i can see no hexes . 
 sydney is suspended for fighting dina , so i ca n't go look at her and try to see if there 's any magical aura around her that the potion might have revealed to me . 
 for all that shopkeeper 's talk about the dangers of black root , i have n't even seen so much as a funny glow in the last day . 
 when class lets out i 'm the first out the door , even though i sit near the back . 
 i 'm halfway down the hall before i hear ashley laughing in the doorway behind me . 
 third period means lunchtime , and i finally head over to my locker again , hoping that ryan will stay in class and that i wo n't have to see him . 
 i get my books put away and start heading for the cafeteria when marlene catches up to me . 
 `` where were you this morning ? '' 
 `` i went to class early , '' i say . 
 `` it just sucks not having tam around . 
 `` we were looking for you , '' she says . 
 `` after you left yesterday , ryan and i read through the spellbook again and we think it should have worked . 
 we did everything right except for the prayer for protection from the goddess , and that 's not required to actually create the potion . 
 i had already thought the same thing , but obviously marlene had n't considered that it 's possible the ingredients were tampered with . 
 i decide to keep my suspicions secret since marlene has no poker face . 
 if she saw ryan , he 'd know right away that i was worried about him . 
 `` well i have n't seen a single hint that it worked . 
 if there 's any magic in this town at all , i think that potion should have shown it to me , and it did n't . 
 so what do you want me to say ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' she says . 
 `` i just do n't want you to think that you screwed up . 
 do n't blame yourself . 
 you were n't the one who did anything wrong . 
 i 'm the one who convinced you this potion would work , and if i was wrong that 's my fault . '' 
 marlene sounds completely depressed , and that 's when i realize that i 've been just as sad and mopey . 
 i should n't be focused on self-pity . 
 i should be focused on getting some answers . 
 `` it 's nobody 's fault . 
 not mine or yours . 
 there 's only one person to blame and we should only blame them . 
 not ourselves , '' i say . 
 i do n't want to get caught up in a circle of everyone blaming themselves for what 's happening to tam . 
 the only person responsible is the jerk who cast the hex . 
 i 've been forgetting about that all night and all morning . 
 i 've been too busy feeling sorry for myself that i 've forgotten to feel angry at the real culprit . 
 i open my locker again and pull out my coat and my hat . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` i 'm getting out of here . 
 i just realized it 's been too long since i hung out with my best friend . '' 
 `` you 're skipping the afternoon ? '' 
 she says , sounding shocked . 
 `` yes , marlene . 
 i 'm skipping class . '' 
 marlene looks baffled for a moment , like the idea of not attending class is impossible to comprehend . 
 then she nods and says `` wait for me . 
 i 'm skipping too . '' 
 it 's a long , cold walk down main street to the hospital , and marlene seems skittish , as if she thinks being out on the town during school hours is a felony offence . 
 we do n't say much . 
 we just keep our heads down so the wind does n't freeze our faces and we march across the town . 
 in the hallway on the second floor of the hospital , we see tam 's mom at the vending machine . 
 `` oh , have you girls come to visit ? '' 
 she says , smiling a bit . 
 `` yes , but it 's our lunch hour . 
 we 're not skipping school , '' marlene blurts . 
 `` i wo n't tell , '' she says . 
 `` tammy 's in room two-twelve . '' 
 nobody but tam 's mom is ever allowed to call her tammy . 
 tam hates it . 
 but i have n't heard it in a while , and i actually smile a bit as we head into the room . 
 tam 's propped up in bed , watching the tv that 's hanging from the wall . 
 in a second bed by the window there 's an older lady who tam 's sharing the room with , also watching the tv . 
 i guess we 'll have an audience for this conversation . 
 tam is looking ok . 
 her arm is still in a sling and her hair 's a mess , but she seems fine . 
 other than the blue aura that still covers her , that is . 
 `` hey , '' i say as we enter . 
 `` hi , '' she says , happy to see us . 
 `` skipping school , marlene ? '' 
 marlene blushes . 
 `` peer pressure ! '' 
 `` so what happened ? '' 
 tam asks . 
 `` ryan told me you guys went to the city for some supplies . 
 did you try it ? '' 
 she 's obviously trying to talk in vague , non-magical terms so the lady in the other bed does n't realize what we 're talking about . 
 `` we tried it yesterday , '' i say `` did n't work . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` nothing happened . 
 no effect . '' 
 tam 's face darkens with disappointment . 
 `` i thought the book said ... '' `` i know . 
 we did too . 
 but it did n't happen . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 i 'm not sure what to say . 
 `` i 'm the one who should be sorry . 
 i got everyone 's hopes up for nothing , '' marlene says . 
 `` have the doctors found anything ? '' 
 tam shakes her head . 
 `` it 's nothing they can help . 
 they 'll probably send me home tomorrow if nothing changes . '' 
 `` has it gotten any worse ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` same . 
 it 's like my hand and leg just stopped talking to my brain . 
 network connection error . '' 
 `` dina and sydney got suspended for that fight . 
 neither one was at school today . '' 
 i hope changing the subject will get our minds off things a bit . 
 `` good . 
 i do n't like either one of ` em . '' 
 tam smiles a little , but i can tell she 's trying to look happy for our sakes . 
 marlene pulls up a chair and sits down , opening her bulky coat a little . 
 i do n't see another chair on this side of the room , so i stand . 
 `` there 's a chair over here , '' says the older lady in the other bed . 
 you can use that . '' 
 `` this is phyllis , '' tam says . 
 `` she had some stomach surgery two days ago . 
 she 's rocking the liquid diet hardcore . '' 
 `` sounds like fun , '' i joke . 
 i head over to the far side of the room and take the chair from the other side of phyllis 's bed . 
 while i 'm trying to lift the chair without knocking anything over , i look at tam and see something strange . 
 under tam 's bed there is a small and very , very faint blob of blue light . 
 it 's so pale i can hardly see it , but it 's there . 
 it 's not connected to tam 's hex , but rather a paler version of the same blue light , floating beneath her but separate from her hex . 
 `` marlene , '' i say . 
 `` turn the light off for a second . '' 
 phyllis objects , but marlene does what i ask , and in the dark i can see the light a little better . 
 the blob of blue is floating under the bed , and then it floats downward like it 's being pulled by gravity , and begins to pass through the floor . 
 a few seconds later , a new blob of blue starts to droop down from tam 's blue aura , and i watch as this little ball of light separates from the aura like a drop of water . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 tam asks . 
 `` i think the potion worked . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` it worked . '' 
 phyllis looks at me like i 'm a babbling idiot . 
 `` can you turn the damn lights on ? '' 
 i leave the chair where it is and rush over to tam . 
 `` it worked . 
 i can see a trail . 
 a series of little blue lights that are trailing away from you . 
 i think it 's what powers the hex . '' 
 `` the what that powers the what ? '' 
 phyllis asks . 
 tam yells at her , `` god , phyllis , keep up ! '' 
 `` i can see it , and that means i can follow it back to the source ! '' 
 i smile at tam and wave at marlene to follow me , and then rush out into the hall . 
 we head past tam 's mom and i do n't stop , just shout over my shoulder . 
 `` tammy 's going to be ok . '' 
 i take the stairs down to the ground floor , and find room one-twelve , right below tam . 
 it 's an administrative office , but i ignore that and barge inside , startling the lady who 's working at a desk in the office . 
 i stare at the ceiling , and can see a hint of blue . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 the office lady asks . 
 i do n't answer , just turn off her lights so i can see the blue magic better . 
 there are four of those blue lights in here , forming a straight line through the wall to the outside . 
 `` outside , '' i say to marlene , and we run off , leaving that lady at her desk , confused and in the dark . 
 we get outside and follow the wall until i can see one of those blue orbs pushing its way into the hospital wall . 
 `` there 's a trail of them , '' i say to marlene . 
 `` a trail leading directly to tam . 
 and i bet the source of the trail is either the talisman or the witch . 
 we just have to follow it . '' 
 i point at the blue , and then try to follow the trail of lights , and right away i hit a serious problem . 
 the little blue lights are pale blue , and i 'm trying to see them against a daytime sky . 
 other than the one that 's halfway inside the brick wall , i ca n't detect a single one . 
 `` what ? '' 
 marlene asks , when she sees the disappointed look on my face . 
 `` the light is blue . 
 pale blue . '' 
 i point at the sky . 
 `` sky blue . 
 i ca n't see it anymore . '' 
 we have to wait for it to get dark , and hope that the potion will continue to be strong enough that i can still see the trail . 
 we head upstairs to let tam know that we 'll track this thing after dark , and then we leave . 
 we decide to go back to school for the last class of the day , so we only missed lunch and fourth period in our escape to the hospital . 
 when i get home i find a message on the answering machine from the school , informing my dad that i was absent from class . 
 i decide to delete the message so he wo n't know . 
 i ca n't afford to be grounded when i need to go to the hospital tonight . 
 just as the sun is touching the horizon , i get a call . 
 tam 's being sent home from the hospital . 
 i tell her we 'll just have to track the trail from her house now , and call marlene to let her know . 
 we meet outside of tam 's house after dinner . 
 it 's quite dark now , and we 're bundled up against the cold . 
 i head inside , telling her folks that we 're visiting tam for a moment , when really i just want to see what direction the trail is flowing . 
 tam seems happier to be in her own bed again . 
 `` i 'll have so much free time to watch tv now that i 'm super crippled , '' she jokes . 
 `` i 'm starting to wish you really did have brain cancer . '' 
 `` oh , shut up , tammy , '' i say , flipping the light switch . 
 i can see the blue orbs again , flowing down and away from tam in an almost perfect straight line . 
 they head out through the back wall of her house , heading north . 
 i point the direction so marlene knows , and promise tam that we 'll stop this thing before it spreads . 
 outside , we run around the back of tam 's house , where i look up to see a line of blue orbs sticking out of the wall , and floating over the yard . 
 the orbs pass over the neighbour 's yard and into their house . 
 `` next street over , '' i say . 
 we have to go back to the sidewalk and run around , since i do n't feel like climbing a fence into some stranger 's yard right now . 
 i wish the streetlights were n't so bright because they drown out the pale orbs of light , but once we get close i can see the blue trail again . 
 they emerge from the neighbour 's house , a little closer to the ground , and run across the street . 
 i let my eyes adjust a little , and i 'm able see that there 's a slight curve to the blue line , so it does n't run completely straight back to its destination . 
 we 'll just have to follow it . 
 we cut through a few more streets before we find a house where the line of blue light goes in one wall , but does not come out the other side . 
 somewhere inside this house , the blue line stops . 
 i know this house . 
 this is where sydney lives . 
 `` is n't that -- ? '' 
 marlene starts to say . 
 `` sydney 's house . 
 which has an alarm now . '' 
 i do n't really want to get arrested tonight , but i do n't know a polite way to ask mrs. leave my daughter alone if we can search her house for magic blue light . 
 marlene 's phone rings . 
 it 's tam . 
 marlene puts her on speaker . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` my other foot just died . 
 i was walking on crutches and just collapsed . 
 i think i might have broken my arm but the whole arm has no feeling so i 'm not sure . '' 
 she sounds terrified , but manages to turn the fear into anger and mutters `` that damn fortune teller ... '' `` crap , '' i whisper . 
 she lets out a wail of frustration and anguish , like an animal trapped in a cage . 
 `` i 'm getting really tired too . 
 it 's like i ca n't find any energy . '' 
 she says something else , but she 's too far from the phone for me to make it out . 
 then she comes back . 
 `` my mom 's running me back to the hospital , guys . 
 if there 's anything you can do , maybe like , get on it ! '' 
 `` we will , '' i say . 
 tam 's mother and father are in the background , telling her to hang up . 
 `` got ta go , '' she says . 
 `` stay strong , '' says marlene . 
 `` we love you , '' i say . 
 tam hangs up . 
 i look at the line of blue lights heading into the house and know that we have to get inside . 
 it would be easy to work up the nerve to break into an empty house , or even if we knew that the only person home was sydney . 
 unfortunately , there are three cars in the driveway , so the house is busy . 
 i do n't know how many people are in her family , but several of them are home right now . 
 `` we need to get inside and follow those lights back to the talisman , '' i say . 
 `` how ? '' 
 marlene says . 
 the line of blue lights shifts a little , swinging to the side , and i realize that tam must be in a car moving through town now , so the tether to her body is swinging away . 
 `` we 're going right in the front door . 
 i do n't care if we get arrested . 
 i do n't care if they get in my way . 
 i 'm smashing that talisman . '' 
 i look at marlene , who is so quiet , so nice . 
 she never even skipped a class before today , and now we might be walking into a situation where we have to punch someone to get through . 
 `` you can stay out here , '' i tell her . 
 she nods , but after a second , she says `` i 'm coming with you . 
 i wo n't let tam get any worse . '' 
 we walk up to the front door and marlene reaches for the doorbell . 
 i hold her hand back and shake my head . 
 i grab the knob and turn it . 
 the house is unlocked . 
 `` when i point to something , '' i say , `` smash it . '' 
 i open the door , and we barge inside like it 's a police raid . 
 immediately , we 're hit by a wall of heat . 
 the house is lit up by candles . 
 everywhere along the main hallway and through the living room , hundreds of candles , most of them made from black wax , are burning . 
 it 's as bright as any house i 've been into , but there are no electric lights turned on . 
 it 's all lit by flame . 
 as the door opens i can hear voices joined together in a rhythmic chant , but the voices go silent when i step into the house . 
 all of the candles are so warm it 's like standing beside a fireplace . 
 the house smells of candle smoke , like a child 's birthday party , but beneath that there 's a smell of something pungent ; sulphur or burnt hair or rotting eggs . 
 as i step past the entranceway i see three women in the front room . 
 they are seated cross-legged on the floor , arms out to their sides , holding hands to create a circle with their arms . 
 in the middle of the circle is a small round table , just an ikea end table or something similar , which is covered in designs drawn by pouring coloured powders across is surface . 
 resting on this table is a single object , a small clay pot with its lid removed , and the line of blue lights heads straight into the mouth of this little urn . 
 i see one of the lights disappear into it and vanish , not to come out the other side . 
 i realize now that the blue lights coming from tam to the urn do n't simply tie her to the hex . 
 the blue light is tam . 
 the urn is draining her , taking her piece by piece . 
 the witches are sucking the life right out of her and storing it in this little urn . 
 one of the women , the only one i recognize , is sydney 's mother . 
 when she sees me , her eyes go wide and she screams . 
 i see the red colour of her irises has gotten brighter , and now her eyes glow with the colour of fire . 
 when i met her at school , i thought her red eyes were just a rare eye colour , a disorder of pigmentation , but that 's not true . 
 she must have normal , brown eyes to anyone else . 
 it was my gift that made me see those eyes as red . 
 she glows , just like a hex victim , but her glow is n't floating outside her body , her red light comes from within . 
 i 've heard people say that eyes are a window to the soul and now i understand why . 
 this woman is filled with power , and unlike a hex that sticks to you from outside , her power flows inside of her , and only i can see it , and only through her eyes . 
 the other women turn around to look at marlene and i , and neither of them have similar glowing eyes . 
 i assume that because sydney 's mother is the only one with the bright eyes , she must have the most power . 
 the two nearest women climb to their feet and run at us , screaming as they come . 
 the first one , who has short , spiky red hair , grabs me by the shoulder with one hand , while her other hand grabs at my face , her fingernails digging into my forehead . 
 i scream back , and swing my elbow at her face , clipping her jaw . 
 the woman is knocked a little back , her hand releasing my face , and i lean my weight into her , shoving her into the doorframe . 
 the other witch , who has long grey hair but a relatively youthful face , actually hisses at marlene when she runs at us . 
 marlene is completely shocked by all of this , paralyzed by that shock , and the woman punches little marlie in the belly before grabbing her by the hair . 
 i shove past the redhead and toward the little round table . 
 it 's only a few steps away , but sydney 's mother is there to protect it . 
 she grabs at me , and pulls a hair or two out of my head . 
 she speaks in latin so fast it sounds like one long word , while her hand is spooling my hair around something in her hand . 
 before i even reach the little table , sydney 's mother stops talking and waves her hand at me in a wild theatrical gesture . 
 it would seem laughable , like a mime playing a witch , except for the effect she has . 
 as soon as she swings that hand up , my feet leave the floor and i ca n't move toward the table . 
 i 'm floating a foot off the ground while sydney 's mother calmly watches me , eyes flashing with crimson fire . 
 i turn to see that the redhead and the grey-haired woman are both holding marlene now , each holding one of her arms and a handful of hair . 
 the redhead tugs a few hairs from marlene 's head and hands them to sydney 's mother , who begins to spool them around another tiny little talisman she produces from her pocket . 
 marlene screams for help , but sydney 's mother whispers another hex and marlene 's voice cracks and sputters , and soon she 's only mouthing words but making no sounds . 
 i see the hex flow from sydney 's mother , a little red stream of light , which ties itself around marlene 's neck like a collar . 
 the connection to sydney 's mom fades to a dull line , but i can still see it , thanks to the lingering effect of the potion . 
 there 's probably another hex on me , making me fly , but since there are no mirrors around , i ca n't see it . 
 `` what do we do with them , helen ? '' 
 the redhead asks . 
 sydney 's mother looks at us both and curls her upper lip into a nasty smile . 
 `` put them in the pot with the other one . '' 
 `` both of them ? '' 
 the redhead asks . 
 `` we could lock them in the basement , keep up the ritual for a day or two . 
 drain them until there 's nothing left . '' 
 `` that 'll take too long . 
 people will come looking for them . '' 
 `` just one then . 
 the one with power . '' 
 sydney 's mother , helen , walks over and looks me in the eyes . 
 her own eyes are so bright i ca n't see the whites anymore ; they just glow solid red as if i was peeking through the vents on a furnace . 
 `` is it you , fat girl ? 
 are you the one who sees ? '' 
 i nod , looking into those evil eyes . 
 helen grunts and looks to marlene . 
 she whispers in latin and the collar fades to a lighter colour . 
 `` is that true , little girl ? '' 
 `` no , it 's me ! '' 
 marlene shouts . 
 `` i 'm the seer . '' 
 the stupid girl does n't realize what she 's doing . 
 once they figure out that i 'm the seer they 're going to do to me what they 're doing to tam . 
 they 're going to drain my life into that clay pot . 
 marlene 's trying to protect me , but she 's only putting herself at risk . 
 `` she 's lying . 
 i 'm the one you want , '' i say . 
 `` i can see the glow behind your eyes , you evil bitch . '' 
 `` and i can see the little blue lights you 're draining from our friend that lead into your urn of durofa , '' marlene says . 
 `` i 'm the one you want . 
 let my friends go . '' 
 `` oh , you recognize it ? '' 
 helen says . 
 `` i made it myself . 
 you have no idea how hard it is to source the blood of an albino child . 
 took me a couple months . 
 but it was necessary because of you two . '' 
 `` torturing and killing a teenage girl was necessary ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` screw you . '' 
 `` that girl gave my daughter a black eye and one of you two stole something precious to me . 
 when you smashed it , i felt the pain in my very soul . '' 
 `` what are you talking about , lady ? '' 
 helen 's eyes flare red . 
 `` little ball of metal and glass . 
 exquisitely intricate . 
 you stole it and shattered it . 
 ring a bell ? '' 
 she 's talking about the little brooch that was attached to sydney 's talisman , that we shattered when we saved dina . 
 it had been extra , something the hex did n't actually need , and we had assumed sydney was using it to boost her hex 's power . 
 `` that little ball of glass was three centuries old , and contained the souls of many warriors . 
 it was among the most powerful artifacts on this continent , and you smashed it like it was nothing . 
 you cost me a lot of power , and now i 'm taking that power back . '' 
 `` what are you going to do to us ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` one of you will join your friend , drained into my urn so that your souls will replace the ones you cost me . 
 i do n't have time to drain both of you , so the one with no power ... '' helen looks to her accomplices , `` ... will drown in the sink . 
 maybe we 'll jar up the body parts that might be useful in the future . 
 are you both virgins ? '' 
 i ca n't believe how casually she says it all . 
 as if killing us is just a chore that must be done , like dusting or taking out the recycling . 
 `` so which one of you has the sight ? '' 
 she walks to the back of the room , and opens a narrow closet door . 
 she reaches inside and i hear the jingling of chains , and helen pulls sydney out into the room . 
 sydney is n't gagged or hexed , but she says nothing , simply walking as her mother drags her over to us , offering no resistance . 
 `` sydney 's being punished for snooping in mommy 's things . 
 she should not have gotten into my spellbooks , and she certainly should not have stolen my soul lantern . 
 she should be going into that urn , just like your friend tamara , but i love my little girl too much , so she gets to live . 
 as long as she does n't get in any more trouble , right sydney ? '' 
 `` yes , mother , '' sydney says quietly , looking at the floor . 
 `` now tell me , '' helen says , grabbing her daughter by the point of her chin . 
 `` which of these girls has the sight ? '' 
 sydney stares at the floor . 
 i can tell she 's terrified of her mother , and knows that by pointing me out , she 'll condemn me to eternity inside that clay pot , and marlene to a miserable death in the kitchen sink . 
 `` do n't make me angry , sydney . '' 
 `` this one , '' sydney says , pointing at me . 
 `` mindee . 
 she 's the one who can see hexes . '' 
 helen smiles and looks me up and down , as if she 's trying to look right through me . 
 `` kill the little one , '' she says . 
 marlene screams and helen turns up the hex and silences her screams again with a mere whisper . 
 one of the other witches yanks on marlene 's hair , and marlene screams silently , her face wet with tears . 
 `` do n't let this happen '' i say , looking at sydney . 
 `` we go to school together . 
 we 're just kids . 
 do n't let this happen . '' 
 `` shut up , '' helen says . 
 i ignore her . 
 `` you were only trying to get back at dina . 
 you did n't know that little brooch would lead to all this . 
 three people are going to die tonight . 
 you do n't have to listen to her ! '' 
 helen whispers in latin , and i feel my mouth go dry . 
 my throat burns , and my voice falters . 
 i stare at sydney , my eyes pleading . 
 the grey-haired woman leaves marlene 's side to open a bathroom door in the hallway , and starts to run the water . 
 marlene , held by only one captor now , fights and pulls against the redhead , but the older woman is too strong and marlene falls to her knees , silently crying in anguish . 
 sydney 's eyes well with tears , and she lets out a cry , the sound of it almost shocking in the relative silence . 
 sydney shoves her mother toward me , and helen bumps into me , but the spell holds me fixed in place , so she almost bounces right off me . 
 i grab at her hair with my left hand , and throw a punch with my right . 
 the first two knuckles of my hand crush helen 's nose , and i immediately feel hot blood on my fingers . 
 her hand opens when she reaches for her nose , and the tiny little talismans she was holding tumble to the ground , where they shatter like glass christmas ornaments . 
 i drop , and my feet hitting the floor is a surprise , so i almost fall over . 
 as soon as marlene realizes that she has a voice , she screams as loud as i 've ever heard . 
 `` hellllllllp ! '' 
 the other witch runs from the bathroom to grab marlene and helen clutches at my jacket like she 's going to throw me to the ground . 
 i jerk back on her hair and pull her to the side , so that i can step toward the small table and pick up the clay pot . 
 blue light is still flowing into it , so tam is still suffering somewhere . 
 i raise the pot above my head , feeling a strange heat from within the hard , bumpy clay . 
 `` no ! '' 
 helen cries . 
 `` that urn contains half of your friend 's soul . 
 break it and you 'll kill her . '' 
 i look to marlene , hoping to ask if that 's true but both of the other women have their hands over her mouth to stifle her screams . 
 marlene ca n't give me any advice . 
 `` let her go , '' i tell the witches . 
 `` let her leave the house or i 'll shatter it . '' 
 there 's a moment where nobody dares to move , but marlene pulls her arm away from the redhead until she lets go . 
 the other woman follows suit , and marlene runs to the door , and out into the night . 
 marlene 's a smart girl . 
 she 'll head for a neighbour 's house and send the cops . 
 but that could mean as long as fifteen minutes until somebody comes along to rescue me . 
 all three of the witches are standing around me , but none dares to attack for fear that i 'll smash the urn . 
 `` you broke in and attacked us . 
 you forced us into self-defense . 
 nobody will believe your friend 's story about magic and following a trail of light here . 
 the police wo n't do a thing . '' 
 helen is trying to intimidate me , and it 's working . 
 `` we 'll tell them you were insane . 
 high on drugs . 
 i bet they find hallucinogens in your system . 
 we 'll tell them that i had no choice but to kill you . 
 to save my daughter from you . '' 
 she sneers at me . 
 `` and everyone knows , insanity runs in your family . '' 
 helen pulls out a pocket knife and opens the blade . 
 `` set the urn down and you live . 
 break it and the first thing i 'll do is bury this blade in your heart . '' 
 i know she means it . 
 i know she 'll try to kill me , but that does n't mean she 's guaranteed to succeed . 
 but if i leave her alone with this clay pot intact , it is guaranteed that tam will die . 
 i have to take my chances . 
 i throw the urn at the floor as hard as i can . 
 helen screams and rushes at me , but she does n't reach me . 
 the urn shatters , and explodes . 
 the force that comes out of it is enough to throw the other four women backward across the room , and helen , who dove toward me , is flipped through the air , tossed backward and upward so hard she hits the ceiling . 
 the force of the energy exploding saves me from their attacks , but i 'm the closest to it . 
 the clay explodes and unleashes not just tam 's energy but also whatever power the clay itself contained , and that power throws shard of clay into my shins , kicks my feet out from under me , and tosses me backward into a wall so hard that my head punches through the drywall . 
 i slump to the floor , see the other women scattered around the room . 
 they 're hurt and confused , but conscious and talking . 
 they 'll get up again in mere moments . 
 my eyelids are so heavy ... it 's so hard to ... have to get ... i try to stand up but instead i tip sideways and hit my head against the floor . 
 the world is black and silent and so comfortably cold . 
 part three a fate worse than death 19 date unknown i open my eyes , but at first i see nothing . 
 wherever i am , it 's dark and cold and miserable . 
 there are leather straps around my wrists , and those straps tie onto heavy metal chains . 
 i realize i 'm lying on a cold cement floor . 
 i grab one of the chains and follow it , crawling to a wall where the chains end , attaching to thick steel loops that are screwed tightly into the wall . 
 i know that i 'm in some kind of basement . 
 it takes about ten minutes for my eyes to adjust enough to see that i 'm locked inside a small room , maybe six by eight feet . 
 i think most people would use a room like this as a fruit cellar , but obviously sydney 's mom has other things to store . 
 like prisoners . 
 there 's one door , and the small crack beneath that door is the only source of light in the entire room . 
 i scream . 
 i 'm glad that i still have a voice ; it echoes off the walls , bouncing back at me , sounding terrified and hoarse , but it 's there . 
 they have n't hexed it away . 
 i scream until my throat gives out , but there is no reply . 
 i wonder if i 'm completely alone in the house . 
 i wonder how long i was out for . 
 i wonder if i 'll ever get out of here again . 
 there is nothing else in the room . 
 i have the clothes i wore into sydney 's house , but my coat and boots are gone . 
 the chains that bind my wrists to the wall are about two feet long , giving me enough room that i can set my hands on the floor , but not nearly enough room to reach the door at the far end of the room . 
 since the chains connect to the wall so close to the floor , i ca n't even stand up properly . 
 i lay flat on my back , and squirm toward the door . 
 i make it as far as i can , going until the chains are taut between my wrists and the wall , and lying this way gets me far enough that my feet reach the door . 
 i begin kicking and banging at the door with my heels , pounding away at the heavy wood and screaming for help . 
 nobody comes . 
 when my hands are numb and my feet are sore and my voice ca n't take another shout , i drag myself back to the wall where i curl up for warmth and stare at the door . 
 eventually , someone turns out the light , and the little sliver of hope beneath the door disappears , and i manage a few more screams before i give up . 
 at some point , i fell asleep . 
 i wake up now to see light under the door , as well as a shadow . 
 i pull my feet under myself , crouching with my back to the wall , and hear someone slip a key into a lock . 
 the door opens , and the light is blinding . 
 i can barely keep my eyes open to look into the silhouette that stands in the doorway . 
 she holds two things , both of which she places at her feet . 
 there 's a bottle of water , and a bedpan . 
 `` if you need a bathroom , use this . '' 
 i see the silhouette of short , spiky hair and realize that this is the redhead , the woman who was going to drown marlene in the bathroom sink . 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` what am i doing here ? '' 
 `` we 're keeping you safe . 
 alive and safe . 
 it 'll take some time to create a new urn of durofa . 
 we ca n't have your soul escaping before then , now can we ? '' 
 she kicks the bottle of water and it rolls to my feet . 
 `` drink up . 
 you 're going to be here for a while . '' 
 she uses her foot to slide the bedpan closer to me . 
 `` dinner 's in a few hours . 
 try to be quiet until then . '' 
 she slams the door , i hear her lock it , and i 'm left in total darkness again until my eyes can readjust . 
 i try to resist the things she brought , but i 'm desperate for both a drink and bathroom , so i end up using both . 
 i slide the bedpan into the corner of the room , trying to get the waste as far away as possible , but soon enough the whole room smells like urine . 
 the redhead comes back a few hours later with a paper plate of food that she sets on the floor beside me . 
 no utensils . 
 she also offers to trade my empty bottle for a full one . 
 once we 've done all that , she asks for the bedpan . 
 seeing an opportunity for some revenge , i pick up the metal pan , crawl closer like i 'm going to politely hand it over , and then i throw the contents in the redhead 's face . 
 she 's splashed with hours-old urine , and she screams in shock . 
 while the door 's still open , i scream `` help '' as loud as i can , over and over , until the stinking , soaking witch retreats and slams the door again . 
 i eat the food -- a bologna sandwich and some apple slices -- but keep the water for later . 
 i think it might be a while before my caretaker returns . 
 it 's impossible to gauge how much time is passing when i 'm trapped in total darkness . 
 i feel like i 'm sleeping more than i should , like i ought to be more vigilant and ready to attack whenever they come for me . 
 but then , how will i know ? 
 they could have already cast a hex on me , and without a mirror , i 'd never see it . 
 they could already be draining my life just like they tried with tam . 
 i know , at the very least , that by breaking that clay urn i saved tam 's life . 
 she might have threatened that breaking it would kill tam but i do n't believe that . 
 i ca n't , because that would mean i killed her and somehow i know she 's safe . 
 maybe once they craft a new urn they 'll just attack her all over again , but i feel confident for the moment that my friend is getting better . 
 the witches seem to value my soul more than tam 's , since i 'm the so-called seer . 
 that means they 'll attack me first , and as long as i 'm alive , that must mean that my friends are too . 
 marlene got out . 
 she would have called the police . 
 the police would have to investigate . 
 maybe , somehow , the witches were able to drag me to the basement and lock me up down here , but as time goes on and i 'm still missing , the police will have to come back . 
 they 'll get a search warrant and tear the house apart until they find me . 
 i 'll get out of this . 
 i wake to the sound of the door opening , and once again the light is blinding to my sensitive eyes . 
 i can tell that this time it 's the grey-haired witch who has come to see me . 
 she has another paper plate , this time my meal is bread with peanut butter smeared on top . 
 she sets it by the door . 
 `` i ca n't reach that , '' i say . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` i ca n't reach it , it 's too far . '' 
 i ca n't see her face . 
 my eyes are too used to the dark . 
 she 's just a silhouette to me , but somehow i know that she 's smirking at me . 
 `` whatever do you mean ? '' 
 `` i mean i ca n't reach it because my chains do n't reach that far . '' 
 `` i think you 'll manage . '' 
 the grey-haired woman kicks the metal bedpan in my direction . 
 `` there . 
 you can reach that . '' 
 she slips back beyond the doorway and slams the door , returning me to the darkness . 
 i 'm so hungry i have to try to get the food . 
 i have to lie on my back and slide toward the door , my jeans soaking up the disgusting puddle i made when i attacked the redhead , and feel around with my sock feet . 
 eventually i find the plate , and using both feet to grasp it i slide it close enough that once i get back on my knees i 'm able to pick it up with my hands . 
 she did n't give me another drink so the peanut butter sticks in my mouth , but at least it 'll stop my stomach from growling for a little while . 
 a few hours later the grey haired woman returns , this time with a bottle of gatorade . 
 she holds it up and waits for my eyes to adjust , so i know what i 'm looking at . 
 `` you can have this drink , '' she says . 
 `` after you nicely slide that bedpan over here . 
 you will not be splashing anything in my face , understand ? '' 
 i grunt in agreement , and begin to carefully slide the bedpan toward my captor . 
 i slide it toward her until the chain pulls taut , and my hand ca n't go any farther . 
 `` there , '' i say . 
 `` it 's all yours . '' 
 she takes a couple baby steps closer , and crouches to pick up the pan . 
 she grabs it carefully with both hands , not wanting to spill the foul contents , and that 's when i shift all my weight to my right foot , pivot sideways , and use my left to kick the pan straight into her stomach . 
 she lets out a surprised `` oomph '' sound , and then i grab her by the hair and pull her closer , where i 'm not so limited by the chains . 
 there 's a reason i was so careful to slide that bedpan across the floor . 
 it was empty and i did n't want her to notice that nothing was splashing inside of it . 
 i had to keep it flat on the floor so she would n't realize that . 
 but now she sees . 
 i pin her to the floor , straddling over her , and pick up the pan . 
 i raise it over my head , ready to smash down on her defenseless face . 
 `` gim me the key , '' i say . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` the key ! 
 unlock me ! '' 
 `` i do n't have any key . '' 
 she 's wide-eyes , shaking . 
 either i 'm really scaring her or she 's a great actress . 
 `` the key that gets these chains off my wrists ! 
 get me out of here or i 'll cave your head in ! '' 
 i sound like a lunatic , but that 's ok . 
 she needs to believe that i am . 
 `` i do n't know what you want from me , '' she pleads . 
 `` please ! '' 
 `` maybe your friends will , '' i say . 
 i swing the metal bedpan down hard . 
 i do n't aim for the face , but for the top of her head . 
 i want her unconscious , not to cave her face in . 
 the sound it makes is awful , a metallic clang that absolutely chills me to the bone . 
 even though this witch is trying to kill me , and already tried to kill my best friend , i feel bad about knocking her out like that . 
 the sound it made is still ringing in my ears , but she 's gone limp now . 
 i climb off her and shove her farther back into the room , against the same wall where my chains are hooked to the cement . 
 now if the other two witches want to get her back , they 'll have to go through me . 
 `` i got your friend , '' i scream through the open door . 
 `` i got the bitch and you can have her back if you let me out of here ! '' 
 there 's a scraping sound like a chair pulled back from a table , and then i hear footsteps . 
 first sydney 's mother appears outside my door , then the redhead . 
 my eyes have adjusted to the light enough that i can see outside the door . 
 i 'm in an unfinished basement : cement floors , stud walls , boxes of junk lying around . 
 the two women stand at the bottom of the stairs and look back at me , and what they see is a crazed , defiant girl crouching over their friend like a primate over a fresh kill . 
 `` you toss me the keys , i let myself out and once i 'm gone you can have your friend back . 
 that 's the deal . '' 
 `` we do n't have the keys , '' sydney 's mother says . 
 oh , please . 
 like i 'd believe that . 
 `` then how 'd i get locked up in here ? 
 you have magic padlocks too ? '' 
 `` just let her go , '' the redhead says . 
 `` or you 'll be sorry . '' 
 `` maybe i 'll hit her in the head again , '' i say . 
 `` harder this time . '' 
 i know that these selfish , crazy old bats will not listen if i beg for mercy , but maybe threatening to kill one of their coven sisters will make them reconsider keeping me hostage . 
 `` ok , '' sydney 's mother calls . 
 `` we 'll give you the keys . 
 just do n't hurt her again . '' 
 both women approach the door of my makeshift prison cell , and helen reaches into her pocket , pulling out a small set of keys . 
 `` just throw them to me and stay away . '' 
 `` i ca n't do that , '' she says . 
 `` you 'll lose the keys in the dark . 
 just let me hand it to you . '' 
 `` only you . 
 the other one can stay back . '' 
 she nods , and the redhead takes a step back . 
 i hold out my hand for the keys , straining against the wrist straps . 
 i feel the small keys , warm from all their time in helen 's pocket , rest in my palm . 
 and then she seizes my wrist and twists it . 
 the redhead rushes me , grabbing me by the hair . 
 i get out a high-pitched scream that i hope the neighbours will hear , and then i 'm fading . 
 she must have given me something . 
 so weak ... 20 i 'm still in the little room in basement when i wake up , but i 'm alone now . 
 they 've tied me up , my hands behind my back , bound at the wrists , but at least i 'm not chained to the wall anymore . 
 i pull myself to my knees , then to my feet , standing erect for the first time in days . 
 how can i still be here , still captive ? 
 are n't the police looking for me ? 
 marlene must be screaming at the cops , telling them that i 'm at this house , and that they need to get in here and find me . 
 it does n't make any sense . 
 could these women possibly be so powerful as to make the entire town forget that i 'm missing ? 
 i stand on my tip-toes , feeling my calf muscles stretch for the first time in a long while . 
 my whole body is sore from lying on that cold cement for so long . 
 they 've limited my ability to attack them by taking my hands away , but by untying me from the wall they 've given me a great gift ; the ability to stand . 
 i lean on the back wall , feeling for the metal hooks that my chains were attached to . 
 i feel around , up and down the wall , and ca n't find them . 
 maybe i 've got the wrong wall ? 
 no , that would make no sense . 
 i was always facing the door . 
 perhaps they pulled out the hooks and patched the wall , or used some kind of magic to repair it . 
 or maybe while i was unconscious , they moved me to a new house , a new basement , a new prison . 
 they could have felt that the police would eventually search helen 's house , so they moved me somewhere else . 
 i think i remember helen threatening to lock me up at a country house . 
 this could be it . 
 another small , windowless room , but without the fear of nosy neighbours hearing my screams . 
 if that 's true , if they really have taken me to some new location outside blue ribbon , then the police will never find me . 
 i 'm on my own . 
 i walk around my tiny room , bouncing off each wall to test it out . 
 two of my walls are cement . 
 two are just ordinary drywall . 
 i know that the sound will draw attention , but i start to kick at one of those walls anyway . 
 standing with my back to the wall , i kick backwards , knocking at the drywall with my heel . 
 it takes a few kicks before i discover just how hard i can strike before it hurts my foot , but soon i 'm breaking through , knocking out chunks of the wall . 
 i hear a key in a lock , and the door opens . 
 it 's the redhead again . 
 `` what do you think you 're doing , mindee ? '' 
 she scolds me . 
 `` do n't make me knock you out . 
 it 's much harder if we have to keep you unconscious on top of everything else . '' 
 `` i 'm not going to stop , '' i say . 
 `` you might be able to kill me , but you ca n't keep me here while i 'm alive . 
 i 'll find a way out . '' 
 `` you wo n't make it three steps before helen floats you back here . 
 the only reason you 're not floating right now is that it 's tiring to work that kind of emotional mojo . 
 but if we have to , we will . 
 so just sit down , wait for your food and stop making noise . 
 you would have a better time if you just learn to behave . '' 
 `` ok , '' i say . 
 `` i 'll leave the walls alone . '' 
 she 's about to say some sarcastic comment , when i break her complacency by rushing at her full-speed . 
 i put my head down and aim to collide with her as hard as i can . 
 but then she whispers latin and suddenly i 'm not on the ground any more . 
 i 'm six inches off the floor , my feet kicking under me but not actually stepping . 
 in fact , i 'm moving backward , away from the door . 
 `` i warned you , '' the redhead says . 
 `` now you 'll have to pay . '' 
 she slams the door , and only after the lock clicks does the floating spell end , dropping me to the floor . 
 i do n't even know i 'm falling until the floor hits my feet , so i roll my ankle and fall to the floor in a heap . 
 they must have done something to me . 
 some new hex i 've never seen before . 
 something to create pain . 
 because as soon as the floating hex was removed , my whole body began to ache . 
 and now , lying on the floor , it feels like my bones are too big for my body . 
 every joint is screaming , every tooth feels broken , every nerve ending sending electric jolts to my brain . 
 i weep , but i ca n't even properly cry because the hard breaths only burn my lungs . 
 so i lay there , curl up in the fetal position , and endure the agony . 
 it 's pain like i 've never felt . 
 it feels like every millimetre of my skin is on fire , like i 'm covered in napalm . 
 i wake up and the door 's open again . 
 sometime , after i passed out from the agony , the fire and the pain ended , and i can move again . 
 no lights are on out there , but it 's a little brighter than this room , and my dark-adjusted eyes can see the difference . 
 there 's a person in here with me , crouching beside me , gently shaking me to wake up . 
 i pull away at first , terrified that she 's come to cause me more pain . 
 `` shh , '' my visitor whispers . 
 `` it 's ok . '' 
 my eyes are seeing static in this darkness , but i can make out enough of her to see who has come . 
 `` sydney ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` is that you ? '' 
 `` shh . 
 quiet . '' 
 sydney actually smiles a little and i can see her white teeth in the darkness . 
 `` i 've been trying to see you for three days but this is the first time they 've all been asleep . '' 
 `` where am i ? 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 `` you 're at the farm . 
 my mother 's family 's old house . 
 they 've been hiding you here . '' 
 `` i have to get out . 
 they 're going to kill me in here , '' i tell her . 
 `` i know you do n't want that . 
 i know that you are n't a killer . '' 
 sydney nods . 
 `` they 're too powerful . 
 i ca n't do anything to stop them . '' 
 `` just cut me loose . 
 i 'll find my own way . '' 
 i get up on my knees , my hands turning to pins and needles behind my back . 
 they must have gone to sleep while i was curled up on the floor . 
 `` it 's minus twenty outside , and you have no idea where we are . '' 
 `` just get me out of here , i 'll get to somewhere safe , '' i hear my voice break up as i beg , and realize that i may have given up hope of survival if sydney had n't come down for this visit . 
 `` please , do n't let them kill me . '' 
 `` letting you go wo n't change that . 
 they can drain your life from anywhere . '' 
 `` we have to try . 
 you do n't want to watch me die , do you ? 
 will your mother make you dig my grave ? '' 
 sydney slumps , shaking her head . 
 `` there 's no way ... '' she looks back at me again , and perks up . 
 if my second sight showed ideas , i 'd be seeing a light bulb over her head right now . 
 `` i 'll be back , '' she says . 
 `` stay quiet . 
 do n't wake anyone up . '' 
 she gets up and heads for the door , closing it behind herself and locking me in . 
 i want to scream , but i do what she said , and i wait for her return in silence . 
 sydney comes back after about five minutes , slinking down the stairs so quietly even i do n't hear her . 
 she opens my door again and slips into my cell . 
 she 's hiding her hands behind her back , keeping something from my sight . 
 `` there is one way you can be free . 
 one way we can both be free . '' 
 `` anything , '' i say . 
 `` anything . '' 
 she comes even closer , whispering , `` you have to understand . 
 i 've been my mother 's hostage my whole life . 
 i 've been locked down here , subjected to all manner of curses . 
 i 've had my blood drained for their rituals . '' 
 `` so ... ? '' 
 i do n't know what she wants from me . 
 `` long ago , i took rites that make me my mother 's servant . 
 she is the coven leader , the other two are apprentices , and i 'm merely a slave to them . 
 i did everything i could to uphold that . 
 i took part in their rituals , i tried to have the perfect outward life so nobody would ever know that witchcraft exists . 
 i built a whole life around my mother . '' 
 `` sydney , '' i whisper . 
 `` shh . 
 the whole time , all i wanted was to get out , but i ca n't . 
 i ca n't escape after all the rites i 've taken , all the blood-oaths i gave . 
 i could never kill her . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 sydney pulls her hands from behind her back , and shows me what she 's brought . 
 it 's a dagger , made from black rock , with a red jewel embedded in the end of the handle . 
 `` if we want to be free of her , no matter where we go , then she has to die . '' 
 sydney spins me around , grabs the straps around my wrists , and cuts them away . 
 that black blade must be incredibly sharp to slice the leather so easily . 
 once my hands are free , she spins me around to face her again . 
 `` i ca n't betray her like that , it 's impossible . '' 
 she places the dagger 's handle in my palm , and closes my fingers around it . 
 `` but you can . 
 you can kill her . '' 
 i ca n't believe that this is happening . 
 sydney 's offering me a way out but at a cost i ca n't even process . 
 kill someone to save myself ? 
 i could n't possibly do that . 
 but then again , if i run away , what 's to stop helen from hexing me and draining my life anyway ? 
 i could still end up dead , and so could all of my friends . 
 maybe , to protect them , this has to be done . 
 the dagger feels so light in my hand , like it 's barely there at all . 
 the whole thing , blade and handle , is carved from a single piece of some kind of rock . 
 the jewel is embedded at the very bottom of the handle , and somehow , the jewel feels warm to the touch . 
 i touch the fingers of my left hand to the blade , and discover that it 's razor sharp . 
 `` where did you get this ? '' 
 `` if we had a gun or a kitchen knife i would have brought that , but nobody lives here anymore . 
 there are n't any regular knives , just magic stuff from all the rituals they do . 
 that 's the only thing i could find . '' 
 she takes her hands off of mine , and i 'm holding the dagger all on my own now . 
 somehow , this thing feels sort of natural , like an extension of myself . 
 it 's not cold , or heavy , or off-balance . 
 it just fits my hand perfectly . 
 `` let 's go , '' sydney says . 
 leaving behind the straps that bound me , i leave the tiny little prison cell , and for the first time in days , i can see farther than a few feet away . 
 it 's so strange that something as simple as peering down a basement hallway feels like freedom , but after all that time spent locked in a little eight by six room , it 's like i finally have my eyes back . 
 the hallway leads down to some kind of large fruit cellar , but we 're not going that way . 
 sydney leads me toward the stairs . 
 this is an old farmhouse , and the bare foundations radiate cold out here more than they did inside my little cell . 
 i guess maybe my body heat was keeping that small space warmer than it would otherwise be . 
 we begin to quietly slip up the stairs . 
 the risers are just bare wooden boards , and even though we 're both in sock feet , our steps make noise because the wood creaks and groans underfoot . 
 sydney opens the door to the ground floor , and light floods in on us . 
 there are no electric lights on , not even so much as a candle , but after days in that windowless cell , just the moonlight through the windows looks like floodlights to me . 
 as i step through the doorway and into the old country home , the world seems coldly beautiful . 
 outside , the sky is cloudless , allowing the full moon to shine down like a pale sun , its light amplified and reflected by the perfect , untouched snow in the fields outside . 
 we emerge from the staircase into a large room , where one side is kitchen , and one side living room . 
 there are still signs of life here , but it 's obvious nobody really lives in this house . 
 the kitchen has an old stove , but there 's an empty gap between cabinets where a fridge should be . 
 many cabinets and drawers are open , revealing that there 's nothing much inside . 
 perhaps they 're open because sydney was searching for a knife , or maybe they 're just always like that . 
 in the kitchen , a garbage bag and packages of paper plates and plastic forks are the only signs of the women who have been keeping me hostage . 
 in the living room , it 's a different story . 
 the walls are painted with symbols , including pentagrams , hieroglyphs , and several circles . 
 there 's no furniture to get in the way , so the empty floor is covered in several concentric circles . 
 some of the circles are painted on , while the smallest looks like it was created by pouring salt on the floor . 
 in the middle of the ring of salt is a plate , holding a blob of reddish clay about the size of a fist . 
 `` that 's the clay they 'll shape into a new urn . 
 first they have to add the last few ingredients and incantations , before it 's ready to be shaped and fired . 
 in another day or so , they 'll be able to drain your life away , '' sydney whispers when she sees where i 'm looking . 
 `` if you leave them alone , if you let them live , they 'll just kill you anyway . '' 
 `` i could take it with me , get rid of it , '' i say about the ball of clay , stepping towards it . 
 `` do n't go close . 
 it 's protected by a sacred circle . 
 if you breach it , they 'll know . 
 and it would only take another week or so for them to replace it anyway . '' 
 she places her hands over my right hand , making me squeeze the dagger 's handle . 
 `` this is the only way your friends will ever be safe . '' 
 she pulls me by the hand , leading me across the kitchen and to the bottom of another staircase . 
 these steps lead up to the top floor , to the bedrooms where my would-be-killers are sleeping . 
 sydney lets me go , and guides me to take the first step . 
 she slips around behind me , her hands on my back pushing me up the stairs . 
 i know she 's right , that the only true way to ensure that we 're safe is to get rid of these witches , but my feet just do n't want to take the steps . 
 i 'm not scared . 
 i know they 're sleeping , that with the blade in my hands , i 'm the one in the position of power right now . 
 it 's just that i 've never had to do anything like this . 
 it 's one thing to know that it 's necessary ; it 's another to actually kill someone . 
 `` you have to get my mother first . 
 she 's the most powerful . 
 once she 's gone , the others will be easier . '' 
 we reach the top of the steps , and before me there 's a hallway with five doors . 
 four of the doors are closed , and one -- the bathroom -- is half-open . 
 nothing up here makes a sound . 
 sydney pushes me past the first few doors , all the way to the end of the hall . 
 the master bedroom . 
 she turns the knob and swings the door open . 
 i was worried an old door would creak , but it swings in perfect silence . 
 inside , the moon peeks through the blind , drawing horizontal lines on the floor . 
 the room is sparse , containing only an old dresser and double bed , where helen sleeps . 
 there 's a duffel bag of clothes in one corner , and a few pieces of art on the walls , but i can tell that this is n't a place where anybody normally lives . 
 i walk into the bedroom , and stand at the foot of the bed , looking down on the sleeping form of the woman who is trying to kill me . 
 `` do n't think about it . 
 just kill her , '' sydney whispers in my ear . 
 i wish i was stronger , but still i hesitate . 
 i look away , not wanting to look at sydney or at her toxic mother , and something catches my eye . 
 in the darkness , i 'm seeing everything in virtual black and white and shades of silver , but when i turn my head i see a glimpse of bright yellow . 
 i look closer , and it 's a mirror . 
 in this whole house , in all the darkness , one thing shines brightly . 
 me . 
 in the mirror , i can see the hex that flows all around me , a yellow flourish of light that looks like someone shining a golden beam of light through a thick fog . 
 `` i 'm hexed , '' i say . 
 sydney leans around me and sees the mirror . 
 `` well of course you are , '' she says . 
 `` they had to keep you weak and tired , keep you from making too much noise . 
 i bet you 've spent most of the last four days sleeping , have n't you ? '' 
 i do n't know how many times i 've slept , or for how long . 
 in the perpetual night of the prison cell , there was no way to know . 
 `` i guess so , '' i say . 
 `` so why are you surprised ? 
 you made three powerful witches target you . 
 it would be a shock if you were n't hexed . '' 
 she touches my right hand again . 
 `` do n't get sidetracked . 
 we have to act before they wake . '' 
 `` we should find the talisman , '' i say . 
 `` break the hex . 
 i mean , break this one before i ... '' `` there is no talisman , '' she says . 
 `` my mother has grown beyond the need to channel her emotions through magical objects . 
 the only way you 'll ever break the curse is to stop her from willing it . 
 you have to destroy her . '' 
 we walk in small , silent steps to the side of the bed , and look down on the sleeping woman . 
 she 's lying face-up , her long neck exposed . 
 i move my hand , shaking with anxiety , and hold the tip of the dagger over her throat . 
 sydney reaches out and covers my hand with her own , and guides the blade lower , over helen 's chest . 
 `` the heart . '' 
 she whispers . 
 `` it 'll be fast . 
 she wo n't have a chance to wake the others . '' 
 i look over at the mirror again . 
 i 'm too far way , at too much of angle , to see myself in it . 
 but i can see through the doorway , out into the hall , and for a second i think i see ryan standing in the doorway . 
 i turn to look at the door , but there 's nothing there . 
 i look back to the mirror , and the mirror reflects only an empty doorway and an empty hall . 
 `` what ? ' 
 sydney whispers . 
 `` i thought i saw -- '' `` do n't let your nerves get to you . '' 
 she guides my hand upward a few feet above helen 's chest , so i have room to swing down . 
 `` kill her and it 's over . 
 kill her and we 're safe . '' 
 in the corner of my eye , there 's movement in the mirror . 
 i look at it and in the moment before i can focus i think the shapes i see are ryan and my dad , standing beside each other in the doorway . 
 i blink and they 're gone . 
 i turn my head again to look at the door , and i see that there are two people standing there , but not who i thought . 
 the other two witches must have heard us . 
 they 're standing in the doorway , watching us . 
 `` mindee , '' the redhead says . 
 `` do n't do this . '' 
 the grey haired woman looks me in the eye , her bright youthful eyes seeming so out of place beneath her shaggy grey mop of hair . 
 `` put the knife down . 
 you do n't want to do this , '' she says . 
 `` do it , '' sydney orders . 
 she 's not whispering anymore , and her voice is loud , commanding . 
 under my blade , helen wakes up , sees what 's happening , and freezes in place . 
 she says nothing , but when i look down at her , her brown eyes are pleading for mercy . 
 the queen witch is afraid . 
 `` do it now , '' sydney says . 
 i look away , but not to the doorway . 
 to the mirror . 
 the shopkeeper told me that mirrors reveal truth . 
 something about a second sight . 
 but this one seems to show me two different things . 
 ryan and my father when i 'm not looking directly into the glass , and then the two witches when my eyes focus on the reflection . 
 sydney grunts in frustration and anger . 
 `` would you stop worrying about the damn mirror ? '' 
 she shouts at me . 
 leaving me by the bed , still holding the dagger over helen 's heart , sydney stops around the bed , past the two witches , who seem afraid to step through the doorway into the room with us , and to the corner where the mirror hangs next to the window . 
 as she swings her arm , the moonlight catches on something , and the pale light glimmers from the neck of her sweater . 
 she grabs the mirror off the wall and throws it to the floor , shattering it . 
 `` kill her now , before they can stop you ! '' 
 she screams at me . 
 `` what are you waiting for ? '' 
 as she shouts , i see it again . 
 something shines , flicking moonlight in my direction . 
 i have to know . 
 i move the dagger , pointing the tip at helen 's face . 
 `` do n't even move , '' i say . 
 she nods in silence , and i see a single tear roll down her cheek . 
 i flip the dagger in my hand , holding it blade-up instead of in the downward stabbing position sydney wanted me to use . 
 i stalk around the bed , holding the blade out in front of me . 
 as i round the bed , the shards of mirrorglass on the floor reflect back me , my bright yellow aura littered around the cold wooden floorboards . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 i ask , jabbing the tip of the dagger toward sydney 's throat . 
 i 'm still a few feet away , far enough that i ca n't really see the shiny object she wears under the sweater . 
 `` what is what ? '' 
 `` around your neck ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` just my necklace . 
 what are you doing ? 
 are you going to turn your back on that psycho ? '' 
 she points at the bed , as if commanding me to go finish the job . 
 i step through broken glass to get within an arm 's reach of her , but i barely feel the shards cutting my feet . 
 i raise the tip of the stone dagger to sydney 's chin , and gently touch her skin with it . 
 then i drag the tip down , until i 'm at what i think is her carotid artery . 
 `` stay still , '' ' i whisper . 
 then i use my other hand to reach into the neck of her shirt , and touch the necklace . 
 i pull it out where i can see . 
 it 's a humble silver chain , with a small silver heart-shaped charm . 
 `` this is my mother 's necklace , '' i say . 
 `` where did you find this ? '' 
 i remember months ago , when my visions first started , when marlene took us all to a trailer park and i learned my future . 
 two futures , madame knight had said , one superimposed on the other . 
 let your mother guide you . 
 `` you needed something of mine , '' i say . 
 `` to target me . '' 
 sydney snakes her head . 
 `` they 're confusing you . 
 you hesitated too long . 
 but it 's not too late to end this . 
 kill that bitch ! '' 
 i ignore her anger , i ignore everything she says . 
 none of it 's true anyway . 
 `` you had to get in my head , so you needed something personal . 
 my necklace . 
 my mother 's ring . '' 
 sydney screams at me and grabs at the dagger , but i ` m more focused on the necklace now . 
 i let her pull my hand away from her throat , but my left hand closes around the thin metal chain , and pulls . 
 one of the links breaks and the necklace comes away from sydney 's neck , and the entire world shimmers like the surface of a pond . 
 i drop the silver chain to the glass-covered floor as sydney grabs my right arm with both hands and tries to pry the dagger away . 
 it 's so sharp she ca n't grab for it without cutting herself , so she 's prying at my fingers instead . 
 with my free hand i grab not for her arms , but for her pockets . 
 i feel around and find a small bump in her jeans and dig my fingers in after it . 
 i feel smooth metal and soft wax . 
 i feel my finger slip into the metal band . 
 i pull the hand away as she screams , revealing my mother 's wedding ring , covered in lumpy red wax . 
 with a swipe of my thumb i brush the wax off . 
 this time the world does n't shimmer , it melts . 
 the whole world melts . 
 the first thing that changes is the light . 
 instead of silver moonlight , the room is light by bright overhead fluorescents . 
 that bright light does n't appear all at once like flicking a switch , but spreads out along the walls , like the tide climbing a beach . 
 the cracked old farmhouse wallpaper becomes a clean blue paint . 
 the creaky hardwood floor turns into white linoleum tile , although the shattered glass remains . 
 there 's still a window next to me , but instead of looking down on a snowy field , i see a parking lot several storeys below . 
 i fall away from sydney , taking the broken talisman with me , but she holds onto the stone dagger . 
 i hit the floor , landing on shards of glass , and discover that instead of jeans and a knit sweater i 'm dressed in sweatpants and a tank top . 
 i look back up at sydney , but sydney 's not here . 
 she never was . 
 standing in front of me is helen , holding the stone dagger . 
 even as the world changed , that dagger remained the same . 
 i look to the bed , wondering what 's going on . 
 if helen 's in front of me , then who 's in the bed ? 
 i see tam sit up and look down on me , tears running down her face . 
 there 's a commotion behind me , people being told to move out of the way , and i 'm sure i hear my father behind me . 
 someone , a man , yells for helen to put down the knife . 
 `` no spine at all . 
 you know how much power i could have harvested if i got you to kill someone you loved ? '' 
 helen spits the words at me , slashing the air with the dagger . 
 `` but you 'll do . 
 you 'll be enough . 
 the soul of a seer is always strong . '' 
 she raises the dagger over her head , and dives at me , swinging it straight at my chest , looking to bury that ancient stone blade in my heart . 
 then there 's a spray of blood , and she twists in the air , and she lands on my legs , her arm hammering the dagger into the floor beside my hip . 
 the impact snaps the stone blade , and the tip slides behind me somewhere . 
 i scream and pull away , scrambling to get out from under her . 
 she does n't fight me . 
 she 's just dead weight , and it 's only after i scramble away that i realize i heard a gunshot . 
 i turn around and feel a strong hand grab my shoulder and pull me toward the doorway , and as i face the man who guides me , i see that he 's an ontario provincial police officer , and in the hand that 's not dragging me he still holds his sidearm . 
 once i 'm behind the officer , another set of hands pulls me close , and i 'm hugging him . 
 i can tell by the way he smells that this is my dad , even before i really see his face . 
 when i pull away from the hug and look around , i see the real world for the first time in days . 
 ryan 's in the hallway , and tam 's parents , and my little brother devon . 
 there are a half-dozen nurses in the hallway , and a couple of doctors , all drawn to the commotion . 
 i 'm in the blue ribbon hospital . 
 and i realize that i have been here all along . 
 as the superimposed world was lifted from in front of my eyes , it was also lifted off my memories . 
 in a flood of images and disconnected sounds i can remember what happened to me these last few days . 
 i was knocked out by the explosion . 
 taken the hospital by the first responders who marlene called to sydney 's house . 
 but i saw the hospital room as a prison cell , screamed in anger at the nurses . 
 i even knocked one nurse unconscious , and threated to cave her skull in . 
 they had no choice but to sedate me , to make me sleep so much . 
 to bind me to the hospital bed with leather straps around my wrists . 
 i was moved to a secure room in the mental health ward , which is why the orientation of my door suddenly changed . 
 i was bound in a straitjacket to keep me from attacking any of the staff . 
 and then helen came to me . 
 the seerseye potion had opened my mind to the world of magic , so it was so easy for her to get into my head , to shape what i saw . 
 she looks so much like sydney , that 's what my mind saw . 
 i look down at my mother 's ring and see that there 's a small ball of wax on the back of the heart charm , and inside the wax is one of helen 's brown hairs . 
 she used the ring , the very same thing i used to make the potion , to keep up her hex . 
 the potion left my mind open and vulnerable , and she made sure i saw what she wanted me to see . 
 and then she gave me a sacred knife , something used to harvest souls , and convinced me that i had to kill . 
 i can see it all now so clearly that i wonder what i could possibly have been thinking to have believed it . 
 after they 've wheeled helen out in a body bag and the commotion dies down a bit , a doctor and several nurses come to see me . 
 they talk slowly and quietly , like they do n't expect me to understand what they 're saying . 
 i get it . 
 from their point of view , i 'm a raving violent lunatic who thought she was locked in a dungeon . 
 i listen as they tell me that it 's time to go back to the mental health ward for the night . 
 i agree to everything they say , not trying to protest or explain that i was under a spell . 
 i simply accept that this is what i have to do now . 
 i have to show them that i 'm sane . 
 i am not edina vefreet . 
 `` can i go see tam ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` make sure she 's ok ? '' 
 `` i do n't think that 's appropriate right now , '' the doctor says . 
 `` she needs rest , and her family has been through a lot . '' 
 i know what that really means . 
 i held a knife over tam and almost killed her , and now her family thinks i 'm psycho . 
 they think i 've finally become my mother 's daughter and taken my place as the town lunatic . 
 i guess i 'll have to accept that , too . 
 for now , anyway . 
 once everyone sees that i 'm ok , things will get back to normal . 
 at least , i hope . 
 `` did her hands and feet come back ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i mean , can she feel them again ? '' 
 `` she 's fine . 
 she was home for three days until she came back with pain all over her body . 
 she kept insisting that she was on fire . 
 she says she 's back to normal now . '' 
 the doctor walks with me back to the psych ward , and the nurses follow behind us in a cluster , ready to intercede if i go crazy . 
 i get to hug my dad once more , and i tell him everything 's fine now , and i think he might even believe me . 
 he 's been through so much of this , watching both of his women slip into deranged madness . 
 i feel so sorry for ever drinking that potion , just because of the look in his eyes . 
 i know that the seerseye is what allowed me to save tam and stop helen , but the cost was so high . 
 i remember the sad , heartbroken look on his face after every visit to my mother . 
 that 's how he 's going to look at me , too . 
 the doctor walks me into the room , which is padded on the floor and the walls , and sees the straitjacket on the floor . 
 the one that helen cut off me when she came to use me to kill tam . 
 he picks it up , tells me they wo n't need one of those tonight as long as i 'm calm , and smiles reassuringly . 
 `` you 're much better than you have been , '' he says . 
 `` you know that , right ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine now . '' 
 i say . 
 `` she 's gone , so i 'm myself again . '' 
 `` that 's not exactly how it works , but some things , especially people , can be powerful triggers for events like what you 've had tonight . 
 i think she may very well have triggered you see things that were n't there , but you have to realize that she was n't the cause . '' 
 he gently pokes at my forehead . 
 `` that noggin was the cause . 
 and we 'll have a lot of work to do to make this sort of violent outburst does n't happen again , right ? '' 
 `` fine , '' i say . 
 `` there 's no such thing as magic and i 'm going to be a model patient . 
 better ? '' 
 the doctor smiles his calm , bedside-manner smile and steps back into the hallway . 
 he pulls out a key ring and starts searching for the key that locks my room . 
 `` the lock 's not broken , '' i say . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 he asks , looking up from the keys . 
 `` helen cut me loose , you saw the straitjacket . 
 but the lock 's fine and you still have the key . 
 so how did she get in ? '' 
 the doctor looks confused , looks at the nearest nurse , then looks back at me and shrugs . 
 `` there are many reasons more plausible than magic . 
 she could have gotten one of the other copies of the key , or she could have picked the lock . '' 
 i nod as if i accept his explanation , but i know he 's wrong . 
 that 's a busy hallway , even at night , and for helen to stand there and pick the lock without anyone noticing would take a miracle . 
 plus there are security cameras in all the hallways , probably extra cameras in the mental health ward . 
 yet nobody saw her come to get me , and nobody saw us go to tam 's room upstairs until ryan and my dad saw us in that little mirror . 
 pulling off a trick like that in a small hospital is impossible . 
 i sit on the padded floor , leaning against the wall , and look at the door as the doctor pulls it shut . 
 i might not be able to read minds , but i know he 's realizing the same thing that i just did . 
 the only way helen and i could get to tam 's room , unseen even with all of those relatives and visitors , is if we were invisible . 
 i doubt the doctor will ever mention the subject again . 
 it 's more comfortable for him to think i 'm crazy , than to consider that i might be right . 
 epilogue monday , february 25 i missed almost a month of school in total . 
 first i had to get out of the psych ward and into my own house , which took a few days after helen died . 
 then i had daily sessions with shrinks , group therapy , and a few different medications . 
 nothing says crazy like seeing the word ` antipsychotic ' on a pill bottle every day . 
 i considered dumping the pills down the drain every day , but in the end i decided to take them . 
 i do n't know how long the effects of seerseye last for , so it 's possible my mind is still vulnerable to hexes . 
 i keep hoping that maybe by messing with my brain chemistry a bit , these pills will protect me if the red - or grey-haired witches ever come for revenge . 
 then i had to get permission to attend my school . 
 i guess after the police said i held a knife over tam , there were concerns that i would have a violent episode at school . 
 thankfully , tam was able to persuade her parents to fight for me , and their voices joined with the doctors who said my condition changed like night and day . 
 after a series of meetings , i was allowed to attend school , as long as i passed sporadic blood tests that proved i was taking the medication . 
 today 's my first day back . 
 i know there are rumors about me . 
 everyone in town knows that sydney 's mom was shot by a police officer , that i was locked a padded room , that sydney vanished without a trace after the fight at her house . 
 that was in the news too . 
 after i smashed that little clay pot , it exploded with enough force that the police thought there must have been some kind of bomb . 
 they never found any trace of explosives , but what else could they conclude ? 
 i had been hospitalized , along with helen , and the other two women were taken to the emergency room but left before being treated . 
 they 've not been found . 
 sydney gave a statement to the police officers , and was taken to the station . 
 then somebody left her alone , and she vanished . 
 supposedly a camera at a back door caught her walking out alone , and just running into the night . 
 i come back to my locker , and find ryan , tam , and marlene have all gotten there before me . 
 there 's a big paper heart taped to my door , signed with lots of students ' messages to me . 
 they 've even stuck bows and streamers to my locker door and a big sign that says `` welcome back . '' 
 i give everyone hugs and read all the little notes . 
 even dina managed to write something nice for me . 
 i have to bend the big paper heart just to open my locker and get the books for my first class , and the prospect of making up an entire month of school sinks in when i see the long-neglected binders on my shelf . 
 closing the door , i see ryan and tam settle into a comfortable pose in each other 's ' arms as we talk about what i 've missed in some of our classes . 
 `` so you two ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` us two , '' ryan says . 
 `` we 'll see , '' tam says . 
 `` i mean , it better not take a hospital stay to make him skip practice next basketball season . '' 
 he grins and gives her a kiss . 
 we do our best to settle into the old routine . 
 school , classes , the same old same old . 
 despite the welcoming heart on my locker , the old poisonous opinions are still around . 
 i hear a few whispers , some of the students whisper `` psycho '' as they pass me in the halls . 
 often it 's the same people who used to call me crazy because of my mother , acting like they were right all along because i turned out to be just as crazy as they taunted me for all those years ago . 
 part of me still wants to shrink into a little ball and cry when ashley horton passes me on the stairs and whispers `` like mother like daughter , '' but i wo n't let them see me crack . 
 in french class , sitting next to tam again , we endure the whispers of people who think i tried to murder tam until mme. st. pierre begins her lesson with a small welcome back . 
 the french class is in the back of the top floor of the school , looking out over the highway that runs alongside our little town . 
 even in the morning , it 's steady with cars and trucks , people going skiing or commuting to the big city for work . 
 i let my mind wander a bit , listening to a french lesson that involves words i should have learned a month ago so i 'm completely lost as to what any of it means . 
 as one car passes , i can see a red glow from the passenger side , a red aura shining right through the roof and side of the car . 
 a minute and dozens of cars later , i see an suv going the other way that has a big purple glow shining from its passenger side . 
 before then end of class , i see another car pass with a hex on the driver . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 tam asks . 
 the bell must have rung already . 
 everyone else is standing up and filing through the door , but i was lost in thought looking at the highway . 
 it occurs to me that for there to be several websites dedicated to hexes , there must be a number of people all around the world who know about this stuff . 
 and that means there a number of people around the world casting hexes , drinking potions , and getting up to other kinds of magical trouble . 
 they 're still out there , those strangers from the internet , along with sydney and the two coven witches . 
 `` something got you spooked ? '' 
 tam asks , waking me from my daydream . 
 i stand up , turn my back to the window and we walk away . 
 `` no , '' i say , `` not anymore . '' 
 end of book one thanks for reading ! 
 if you enjoyed the hex breaker 's eyes , check out the rest of the hex breaker series : the hex breaker 's heart -lrb- book 2 -rrb- when the students of laurier high start going crazy from love spells , they need mindee to save them , or else they 'll end up killing each other in a jealous rage . 
 but she 's too busy being in `` love '' with a handsome young artist to even notice the danger ... the hex breaker 's soul -lrb- book 3 -rrb- when a team of invisible criminals go on a crime spree , mindee discovers a shocking connection to her own family that could threaten the free will of every soul on earth . 
 and one of those invisible criminals has followed mindee to university , and knows where she lives ... about the author s. d. tennant lives in ontario , canada and has a dog named jake . 
 connect with the author on twitter @shauntennant4 
