 the last human -lrb- vampires rule # 1 -rrb- copyright © 2013 rocky grede all rights reserved . 
 no part of this publication may be reproduced , distributed , or transmitted in any form or by any means , including photocopying , recording , or other electronic or mechanical methods , without the prior written permission of the publisher , except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other non-commercial uses permitted by copyright law . 
 all character and scenarios within this book are entirely fictional . 
 events of this book take place in a fictional world . 
 acknowledgments i want to thank the following individuals for their help ; edith for her editing insight ; lynn for her proof reading ; john the beta reader ; all those who reviewed a copy of the book , and those people who pointed out mistakes in the manuscript . 
 and above all , i want to thank god for providing me the means and inspiration in completing this book . 
 table of contents title page chapter one chapter two chapter three chapter four chapter five chapter six chapter seven chapter eight chapter nine chapter ten chapter one `` jake , could you do the equation on the board for us ? '' 
 i look up as twenty two heads spin in my direction ; faces motionless , bodies still as statues , red rimmed eyes piercing into my face . 
 i ignore them and sit up straighter in my chair , keeping my gaze to the front of the class . 
 `` err ... i do n't know , '' i say , covering a picture of a tree i was drawing in my exercise book with my forearm . 
 `` i mean , i do n't know the answer . '' 
 `` i insist you come up and at least have an attempt , '' mrs. lake says , showing a hint of her fangs as a small smile dances across her lips . 
 i sigh , knowing she is n't going to relent . 
 i push my chair back , rise from my seat , and saunter towards the front of the class , keeping my limbs tucked in and away from the passing desks . 
 forty eight eyes follow my progress as i walk past them ; forty four of those eyes betray the hunger in them ; forty four of those eyes flash because they know they ca n't touch me . 
 mrs. lake holds out the marker pen . 
 i give her a smile before taking the pen and switching my attention to the equation on the board , wondering why we even have to do equations , the subject is history after all . 
 the question is simple enough . 
 i run the answer through my mind before writing it on the white board . 
 i stand back and glance at mrs. lake . 
 she nods her head , staring at the digits i have written , and holds out her hand for the marker . 
 forty eight eyes follow my hand as i give the marker back to mrs. lake . 
 forty eight eyes lock in place as the unthinkable happens ; mrs. lake 's nail accidently scrapes against my fingertip , tearing the skin and causing a small droplet of crimson blood to emerge . 
 it happens so fast , that the pain does n't register . 
 but that is the least of my worries . 
 i stare at my finger in shock as the cold realization of the situation i 'm caught in sinks in , anchoring into my stomach like dead weight . 
 there is a deathly silence throughout the class , and i slowly tilt my head up and glance at the frozen faces , staring at me in a new light . 
 mrs. lake has her thin hand slapped across her mouth ; her blue eyes are wide as she understands the complicated situation . 
 i jump back into the whiteboard , stuffing my hand into my pocket , hiding the blood from view , just as one of the vampires sitting in the front row springs in my direction . 
 his eyes are blazing a deep blood red and a hungry growl rips through his throat . 
 his face twists and contorts , giving prominence to the hideous creature lurking under his façade . 
 his fangs flash out , the sharp points jutting from his gums . 
 he 's a blur to my eye as he pounces several feet into the air , a mish mash of flesh and clothes . 
 before he can reach me , he 's knocked aside . 
 the artico guards spring on top of him and hold him down , pinning him to the floor with their muscular arms . 
 the vampire thrashes wildly , screeching and snarling , twisting his body to get me back into his line of vision . 
 the artico guards lift him up and drag him to the back of the class , knocking desks and chairs aside ; ignoring his guttural screams and preventing his futile attempts to break free . 
 my heart hammers in my chest as my blood turns icy cold , frosting my insides with a layer of fear . 
 that was close . 
 too close . 
 but it is n't over yet . 
 several students are shifting in their seats ; their eyes already blood crimson , while others are standing next to their overturned chairs and desks . 
 it is clear from their tense and stiff postures that they are resisting the temptation to lunge at me , and are holding back their true natures , while it screams at them to spring into action . 
 they are waging a mental battle with their carnal desires . 
 they ignore the blood curdling snarls of their fellow vampire , who is now pinned up against the back wall , his arms and legs held securely in place . 
 he tries to crane his neck around to get a better look at me , like a drug addict trying to have one more glance at his stash of crack before it is whisked away . 
 one of the artico guards grabs the vampires head by the hair , and slams his face into the concrete , silencing his snarls and cries for blood . 
 all other eyes are on me . 
 no one else moves as conflicting emotion 's clash in their minds , the two sides waging a mental war with the other ; their inbred instincts are urging them to give into the monster within . 
 i 'm prey . 
 i 'm food . 
 but , at the same time , i 'm untouchable . 
 my back hits the whiteboard and my heart beats uncontrollably in my chest ; the organ threating to burst from my body and race out of the room before me . 
 `` i think it 's best if you leave , '' mrs. lake says . 
 her voice is strained and her eyes flicker from my face and then to my pocket where i have my finger pressed up against my thigh . 
 i swallow hard . 
 `` i ... yeah i should , '' i manage to say . 
 i glance at my belongings across the room , ignoring the cold unwavering stares locked on my face and pocket . 
 it would be suicide to track back to collect my bag and coat . 
 `` the guards will drop your belongings off , '' mrs lake snarls . 
 her fangs jolt out , but are gone just as fast . 
 `` sorry , but i really think you should leave . '' 
 her face goes motionless , but i know she 's supressing the urge to lunge at me . 
 i take a shallow breath and try to focus and clear my mind . 
 i know i have to get out of here right now . 
 with another deep breath , i begin to walk casually towards the door . 
 forty four blood crimson eyes follow my movement as i amble away from them ; forty four blood crimson eyes suppress the hunger that is whispering to them to act now ; forty four blood crimson eyes betray the longing for just one drop of my blood . 
 i glance at the far end of the class , towards the vampire pinned up against the wall . 
 he 's shaking as the others hold him securely , low whimpers escape his throat . 
 i feel my stomach twist as i realize who it is , alex. we did homework together just the other night in a study group . 
 one of the artico guards - lucas - looks up and nods his head towards the door , beckoning me to leave . 
 several low hisses cut through the silence , and i look back at mrs. lake . 
 `` jake . 
 please leave , '' she says , her lips pursed in a thin line . 
 i do n't need telling twice . 
 i open the door , half expecting several bodies to surge in my direction and bombard into me at once , before digging into my flesh with sharp fangs and tearing through sinew and bone . 
 but none of that happens . 
 instead , i edge out of the class as forty four hunger ridden eyes witness their prey escaping . 
 i close the door quietly behind me , and sprint down the corridor . 
 *** i press my finger tip harder against my thigh , staunching the blood , in an attempt to ebb the flow of scent lingering in the air behind me as i run down the corridors . 
 i need to get out of here , and fast . 
 i 'm about to round into the next corridor when i hear two voices up ahead . 
 i stop , retrace my footsteps , and press myself up against the wall , not daring to move any further . 
 `` yes , the test paper results are in . 
 you 'll be surprised at some of the scores . '' 
 mr. duke 's voice flows down the corridor , cracked and high , his french accent echoing off the walls . 
 `` nothing surprises me anymore , alfred . '' 
 the second voice makes me hold my breath , and my heart beat begins to race , the pulse pounding in my ears . 
 it 's the cook . 
 i curse silently in my mind , chiding myself for not waiting for my artico guards . 
 `` can you smell that ? '' 
 the snarl of the cook makes me flinch , and a long arc of drool slaps across the wall opposite me before trickling along the paint , the saliva slimy and watery and dotted with specks of blood . 
 the sound of sniffing consumes the air as they both pick up on my scent . 
 fear coils around my insides and i slowly edge away just as their dark shadows can be seen across the wall , sprinting in my direction on all fours . 
 if i run , their primal instincts will take over : they 'll hunt me . 
 if i stay , they 'll probably lose control and kill me . 
 they ca n't touch me , i remind myself . 
 so i stand still , holding my breath , my pulse jittering , as they appear around the bend . 
 mr. duke looks away with a growl when he sees me . 
 `` jake , my dear boy jake , leave now . '' 
 the cook is visibly shaking as his fangs flash out , the sharp edges jagged and pointy . 
 he takes a heavy step towards me as if it pains him to move . 
 `` it ... is ... best ... if ... you ... leave , '' he sputters the words out and his eyes swirl in a pool of deep blood shot red and his pupil 's contract into slits . 
 `` we ... do n't ... want ... any accidents ... do we ? '' 
 i shake my head and my heart pounds in my chest . 
 `` i ... i ... was about to leave , '' i force the words out and take several steps back . 
 the cook just stares at me , unblinking , following my progress with his demented eyes as i walk backwards on shaky legs . 
 i then step left and out of their line of vision . 
 i break into a run ; my breathing is heavy as my lungs pump adrenalin fuelled oxygen . 
 i know that i need to stop the blood flow from my finger , and wash off the blood stains lining my pocket , before this situation gets out of control or i stumble across someone who ca n't control his or her craving . 
 the rest of the corridors are empty . 
 i duck under the glass panels of class room doors , moving as quietly as possible . 
 once clear of them , i pick up pace and head towards the staff toilets . 
 i round another bend and glance ahead towards the doors marked ` m ' and ` f ' . 
 i sprint up to the men 's bathroom , pressing my face against the wooden door to listen for any noise within . 
 after a moment , i open the door and poke my head in to see the coast clear . 
 i edge in and close the door behind me . 
 i sigh and dash towards a sink , turning the cold water tap on with a trembling hand . 
 i look at the gnash on my finger ; the wound is worse than i initially thought . 
 the cut is deep and long , with blood still oozing from between the ripped skin . 
 no wonder alex had lost it . 
 i glance over my shoulder and towards the door . 
 i hope no one drops in , because if they do , it will surely be the end of me . 
 i place my finger underneath the gush of water and watch as my blood rushes down the drain . 
 i wince in pain as the cold water stings the open cut . 
 i also need to wipe the blood from my pocket . 
 the stain will eventually attract the whole school . 
 i always come prepared for such situations , but all my med kit is in class . 
 more importantly , i should have waited for the artico guards to escort me . 
 i hope they find me before anyone else does i look around for toilet paper . 
 it will have to do as a bandage for the time being . 
 then , i hear the voices . 
 i pause and cock my head towards the entrance as fear wraps its unforgiving tentacles around my body . 
 `` nah , you guys cheated . '' 
 the first voice drifts through the door , muffled and loud . 
 i hold my breath . 
 please pass . 
 `` whatever , you 're just jealous . '' 
 the second voice is deeper , hard and rough . 
 i keep my body still , and my heart beat begins to race . 
 `` who cares , it 's just the first term anyway . '' 
 the third voice makes my eyes go wide . 
 all of a sudden , as though a tape recording has been muted , the voices stop . 
 rivers of sweat trickle down my neck as i stare at the closed door in anticipation . 
 `` do you guys smell that ? '' 
 the deep voice makes my body flinch . 
 i slowly back away , looking for an escape route , but only concrete and the shiny surface of tiles and ceramic stare back at me , the latter two teasing me with my own horrified reflection . 
 the door swings open with a thud . 
 it breaks off its hinges and hangs limply off the last few screws , creaking from the weight ; broken wood splinters jut out from the edges . 
 the noise has me jumping backwards , and my lower back slams into the base of the sink . 
 i slide my free hand into my pocket and grip the hilt of my knife tightly , more out of comfort than anything else because i know that i do n't stand a chance against their speed and strength . 
 they remain in the door way as they see me standing like some lost puppy . 
 the shock of the moment dissolves and they somewhat recover from the rare scene . 
 davilon then moves gracefully to the front of his small group . 
 his nostrils flare as he breathes in the scent of my blood . 
 `` jake , '' he says in his silky voice . 
 `` jake you '' - he inhales sharply and his eyes light up - `` smell delicious ... '' the last two words hang in the air between us , uncomfortable and awkward , filling the space with further unspoken words and actions . 
 but davilon does n't move . 
 he does n't pounce . 
 he just stares . 
 they all stare . 
 `` guys ... you got your test papers back ? '' 
 i ask softly , hoping my voice does n't betray my fear , hoping they get distracted from the scent of my blood . 
 they do n't move . 
 i try a new line of tactic . 
 i make a show of sniffing the air . 
 `` the air freshener smells great , '' i say . 
 `` care taker sure has some taste ... '' the irony leaves my lips dry , but no one is fooled . 
 they suddenly lose interest in me , and cock their heads to the right . 
 davilon lets out a deep growl and backs out into the corridor , leaving me frowning in confusion . 
 two quick flashes , blurs to my eyes , and standing in the doorway are two artico guards . 
 i relax as relief floods through my body , chasing away the fear and replacing it with a sense of security . 
 but then i notice their uniforms ; the black of the destroyers , with the destroyer symbol embedded into the fabric . 
 they are n't my normal guards . 
 but it does n't matter . 
 i 've never been so relieved to see them in my life . 
 the slimmer of the two , with blonde hair pinned back in a ponytail , steps forward . 
 his movements are quick and graceful , and his eyes are hidden behind shades . 
 `` jake , '' he says calmly , nodding his head in greeting . 
 he gazes at my wounded finger , then at my pocket and then back at me . 
 `` we have come to collect you . '' 
 the other destroyer , sporting a short black beard and straight long hair hanging low on his shoulders , flexes his muscular arms . 
 `` did you have any issues ? '' 
 he asks , his voice rumbling . 
 i shake my head , figuring i 'll talk to lexus about alex and convince him not to take any action . 
 i know lexus will be furious at the attempt on my life , but he always listens to reason and i do n't think i will be able to live with myself if alex is hurt because of me . 
 i doubt lexus will harm him though . 
 i glance over the shoulders of the destroyers , and at the sour expression on davilon 's face . 
 `` guys i 'll catch you later , '' i say , biting back a grin , my earlier fear and dread gone as i grasp this rare moment of revenge . 
 davilon gives me a stare full of utter loathing , his eyes flash in warning . 
 the two artico destroyers cock their heads back and stare at davilon and his two friends , who both avert their gazes . 
 finally , davilon does too , and they all disappear down the corridor without another word . 
 `` friends of yours ? '' 
 says the blonde destroyer . 
 this time i smirk . 
 `` the loose kind . 
 chapter two we saunter along the deserted corridors at a walking pace . 
 the blonde destroyer leads the way while the other takes the rear guard . 
 they keep their distance from me , and i realize the alluring scent of my blood must be hanging in the air , the sweet aroma of my essence almost teasing them . 
 i shift uncomfortably , but relax at the thought that they are lexus 's most trusted soldiers . 
 harming me would be the last thing on their minds . 
 i notice the blonde artico is leading us towards the back of the school , possibly through a fire exit , and away from the masses of vampires concentrated within the east and west wings of the school . 
 we pass a few classrooms full of students . 
 the chit chatter radiating from the rooms abruptly ceases as we walk past them . 
 when we round a corner , the doors open and heads poke out , and eyes stare at me . 
 but no one follows us . 
 the corridors are dimly lit by bulbs , the light eerie and orange , beaming down on us from the rows of them littered across the ceilings . 
 the blonde artico pauses , his ponytail sways as he glances over his shoulder . 
 `` keep close , '' he says . 
 `` very unlikely we will meet any obstacles , but the possibility exists . '' 
 i nod back at him , knowing full well how dire my situation is . 
 any vampire , despite how long i 've been amongst them , might lose control . 
 or worse , a group of them might give in to their cravings . 
 despite my escorts being destroyers , i am not sure if they would be able to fend off a horde of vampires . 
 the blonde artico turns into a dark unlit corridor , and i feel slightly conscious about the shadowy darkness i find myself in , closed on all sides with nowhere to escape . 
 for a second , i imagine hordes of feral vampires bursting from each side , trapping us in , before exploding to me with bared fangs . 
 i shake the disturbing thought off . 
 the blonde artico sprints forward , causing the air to blow in his wake and rush back into my face . 
 i pause , blinking away the sudden current of wind , wondering the cause of his action . 
 about a second later , a door swings open at the end of the corridor . 
 cold air from the wind , and light from the moon , comes flooding in , breathing new life into the darkness of the narrow passageway . 
 the blonde artico walks out into the frigid night , and motions me to follow with a quick gesture of his hand . 
 i walk after him and linger at the entrance of the open door . 
 the sky is a darkish blue-black and dotted with stars . 
 the moon shimmers in the sky , half hidden behind dark clouds that slowly march across the heavens . 
 an icy wind blows in my face and bites into my skin , sending a shiver through my body . 
 i leave the door open and amble after the blonde artico , who is now walking to the familiar black vehicle parked across the street that i normally ride in . 
 as i walk towards the car , i glance into the darkness surrounding us , expecting several vampires to be hiding in the shadows , drooling at the sight of my blood . 
 but the night is still and nothing moves or springs at me . 
 i look over my shoulder to see the muscular artico standing at the fire exit . 
 his hair blows across his face as the wind weaves through the strands . 
 `` he will gather your belongings . '' 
 i turn my attention back to the blonde artico , who has opened the back door of the car for me like a chauffeur . 
 under the moonlight , his features stand out clearly . 
 his long blonde hair , pinned back in a ponytail , has a whitish texture like snow mixed with yellow . 
 his face is smooth and expressionless and his cheek bones are set high . 
 i figure he must be old and powerful , since he is wearing the destroyer badge across his chest . 
 those badges are only given to the most trustworthy , loyal and powerful vampires . 
 `` would you rather walk ? '' 
 the blonde artico says , looking up and down the empty road , his lips curving into a grin . 
 so he has a sense of humor too . 
 i trudge towards the car and slip into the back seat . 
 the artico closes the door , and gets into the driver 's side . 
 he glances over his shoulder and regards me from behind his shades . 
 he must smell the blood . 
 the scent must be solidified by now . 
 but he does n't comment , and instead , he guns the engine to life . 
 i gulp and stare out the window as we drive away from the school . 
 *** vampires walk amongst the streets , dressed in various peculiar attires . 
 some sporting top hats and walking sticks , others more modern , dressed in rock style clothing with their hair spiked up and held with gel . 
 stores and markets are open along the roads , and vampires move in and out of them , doing their daily shopping . 
 the lights from street lamps are dim and glowing orange , revealing the dark silhouettes of vampires below them . 
 several heads look in our direction as we drive past them as though they caught the whiff of something odd . 
 they then resume with their own business , not thinking much of it . 
 the car suddenly stops , causing me to hurtle forward and my seatbelt pulls me back , momentarily sucking the air out of my lungs . 
 i frown at the abrupt pause , and i move my head towards the window to discern the cause of the delay . 
 my face drops at the sight . 
 a vampire has blocked the road . 
 he is standing directly in front of the car . 
 he is wearing a long top hat , the sphere shaped base fans out around his head like an umbrella . 
 he 's wearing a duster coat ; the ends of the fabric near his ankles flap as the wind blows . 
 his eyes are fixed on the car . 
 then i realize , with a sudden coldness , they are fixed on me . 
 though the windows are tinted , he must still sense me . 
 he must smell the blood . 
 the artico honks several times . 
 but the vampire on the road does n't move . 
 `` why is he blocking the road ? '' 
 i find myself asking . 
 `` take a guess , '' the artico replies without taking his eyes off the vampire . 
 i do n't need to guess . 
 the answer is obvious . 
 this must be a powerful vampire if he smelled my blood this far off and blocked the road in advance . 
 and by his posture and stance , he is close to losing control . 
 i gulp and stare at the sidewalks to find that other vampires are pausing and sniffing the air . 
 this is n't good . 
 `` stay here , '' the artico says . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 my fear must have seeped through into my words , because the artico looks back . 
 `` to resolve the complication on the road , before it escalates into a bigger predicament . '' 
 i nod and glance back out the window and towards the other vampires who are now cocking their heads and regarding the car curiously , probably trying to figure out why the usual human , who journeys in this car , smells extra appealing today . 
 the artico swings the door open and slides out , shutting it softly behind him . 
 he glances about the street before snarling at the surrounding vampires . 
 i wince at the primal and feral sound , the syllables high pitched and brutal . 
 the vampires on the sidewalks disappear into the shadows , sensing the bigger predator and the command issued by their superior . 
 but the one standing in the middle of the road does n't move . 
 he is still staring at the car , staring at me . 
 the artico gracefully moves into the line of sight of the vampire , blocking me from his view . 
 i tilt my head towards the window seat to get a better look . 
 the vampire is now gazing at the artico with his head cocked to one side , his eyes blazing like a furnace . 
 for a second , i think he is going to attack , but then he moves back , shakes his head as if waking from a daze , turns , and disappears into the darkness of the night . 
 i sigh and slump back into the car seat , wiping my sweaty hands against my trousers . 
 the artico slips back into the car and hits the accelerator . 
 he does n't say anything and keeps his focus on the road , so i decide to break the silence , `` so , who was that guy ? '' 
 `` a vampire , '' the artico says , keeping his eyes straight ahead . 
 my snort gets caught in my throat , and i take a deep breath to push it down further . 
 i stare out the windows , and at the vampires lurking and moving in the shadows , watching us as we disappear around a bend . 
 as we drive through the city , my thoughts drift back to alex , the vampire who was so close to killing me . 
 i wonder what lexus will do to him . 
 `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 the voice of the artico breaks me from my thoughts , and i glance at the rear view mirror to find him studying me . 
 `` nothing , '' i say with a shrug , but then i add , `` well ... i was thinking about the guy who almost got to me in school , you know , the one who almost ripped my throat out . '' 
 the artico does n't reply , and instead turns his eyes back to the road . 
 he presses his foot on the gas , sending the car bursting forward . 
 *** the manor looms in the distance ; an old ancient structure built centuries ago . 
 the razor wire fence , surrounding the perimeter , gleams under the moon light , sending out flashes of warning to would be trespassers . 
 the large electronic titanium gates open with a hiss as we approach . 
 two artico guards , standing in the shadows of several oak trees , wave us through , and we drive up to the deserted car park . 
 the artico kills off the engine and silently gets out . 
 he then slides my door open and stands back . 
 `` come . 
 lexus wishes to see you . '' 
 i frown . 
 `` is it about what happened today ? '' 
 lexus does n't take attempts on my life lightly and i wonder how he is going to react to this recent one . 
 `` not entirely , '' the artico says in a cool voice as he begins to walk up to the manor 's entrance . 
 as i follow him , a thought strikes me ; where are my other artico guards ? 
 why are n't they escorting me ? 
 with my finger bleeding , and with the worry of being eaten , and then the relief of being rescued from that fate , did n't really give me much time to think about it earlier . 
 i 've never had artico destroyers as my escorts before . 
 i find it odd that all of a sudden they are guarding me , and i wonder where lucas and wavin -- my artico guards -- are now . 
 the artico guards , who are standing on either side of the front door like carved statues , step out of our way as we pass through the reinforced steel entrance to the manor . 
 the hallway beyond is brightly lit , and the patterned bulbs seem to shimmer . 
 the blonde artico leads me to lexus 's office . 
 he pauses outside and motions for me to enter . 
 i glance at him and knock on the door , wondering why he did n't just knock himself . 
 `` come in , '' lexus 's calm voice answers from the other side . 
 i push the door open and enter the dark office . 
 a flickering candle , situated on lexus 's desk , is the only source of light . 
 the bright orange and red flames cast shadows across the walls . 
 lexus is sitting in his leather chair behind his desk , his dark brown hair falls across his face as he flicks through paperwork . 
 `` how you feeling ? '' 
 he asks without sparing me a glance . 
 `` great , '' i shrug . 
 alex 's face flashes through my mind , contorted in fury and hunger . 
 `` what will happen to alex ? '' 
 breaches are n't tolerated , especially ones that will place the adopted son of lexus in danger . 
 i remember the first time one of the vampires had almost killed me . 
 my artico guards at the time had tackled the feral vampire and marched him away . 
 i never saw the vampire ever again . 
 i never asked what became of him , not wanting to know . 
 `` he will be dealt with , '' lexus says in his calm cool voice , closing one folder and opening another . 
 `` i think he did n't mean to -- '' `` want to eat you ? '' 
 lexus finishes , glancing up and meeting my gaze . 
 his emerald green eyes reflect the flames of the glimmering candle , creating a golden crisscross of colours across his pupils . 
 `` what do you think i should do with him ? '' 
 i stare at the burning candle for inspiration , before turning back to him . 
 `` um ... give him a warning ? '' 
 lexus regards me for a moment , his steady eyes locked on mine . 
 he then puts the folder he was holding aside and picks up a new one . 
 `` i have something important to tell you , '' he says , staring at the folder in front of him for several seconds before placing it atop of a neat pile . 
 he then places both his arms behind his head , interlocking the fingers of his hands , and leans back in his chair . 
 he studies me with his emerald green eyes . 
 it 's in these rare moments that you can see how young he was before he was turned . 
 his skin is smooth and flawless , and his eyes are intelligent and wise . 
 there is a youthful quality about him , even though he is centuries old . 
 `` there have been some issues . 
 and i have decided to assign you two artico destroyers as your escorts until the matters are resolved . '' 
 he falls silent and waits for my reaction . 
 `` what kind of issues ? '' 
 his expression remains carefully neutral when he says , `` the new escorts have been assigned for your safety . '' 
 i toss his words around in my head . 
 this issue must be big if he is assigning some of the elite articos as my escorts . 
 and the only thing this big could be a threat from the outside . 
 i look up to see him nodding . 
 so the threats could be from any four sources . 
 first , from the balderush vampires up north , who have been known to never be content with what they have . 
 one was caught the other week trying to sneak past the border ; apparently he was after blood supplies and was sent by his superiors to locate where we kept our blood banks . 
 not quite sure what became of him , but lexus later assured me that he was tossed back over the border with a letter of warning for his superiors . 
 the second threat is from the kron vampires down south . 
 they are known for their betrayal and greed . 
 in the past they have conspired against both the artico and balderush vampires . 
 they are always lurking in the shadows , waiting and prowling for a golden opportunity to strike . 
 the third threat is from the east . 
 no one knows what even exists there anymore . 
 some say it 's just abandoned deserts . 
 others say large masses of humans populate the lands . 
 many tend to believe the latter , but all those who have ventured east are never seen again . 
 it is as though they disappeared as soon as they arrived there . 
 lexus is certain humans reside there , hidden and safe from external threats . 
 the final threat is from the shadow zone ; a strip of land known as ` no vamps territory ' . 
 some say mutations exist within the desolate ruins of the zone . 
 others claim predators reside there who are best left alone . 
 a cloak of impenetrable darkness surrounds the zone , which according to lexus was the result of radiation explosives , hiding its contents from view . 
 `` elis and maxwell will be your escorts , '' lexus interrupts my wandering thoughts . 
 he looks over my shoulder , and i follow his gaze to see the two destroyers entering . 
 i glance between them . 
 the destroyer sporting the beard is holding my school bag in one hand . 
 his jawline is set hard , and the muscles of his arms strain against his destroyer uniform . 
 although not as muscular as the other destroyer , the blonde destroyer is lean and exudes power and confidence . 
 i find myself wondering how old and powerful he really is . 
 i nod my head and turn back to lexus , who is now staring at my pocket . 
 i realize i still have my hand hidden in there . 
 `` jake , wash the stain off . 
 make sure it is completely erased , '' lexus says , glancing up at me . 
 i nod , with a dip of my head , and change the subject to something less bloodless . 
 `` what you filing through ? '' 
 i ask . 
 i incline my head at the masses of folders neatly piled on his desk . 
 `` evaluating the city finances , '' he says , his eyes drifting over his littered desk . 
 `` then i have the food supplies to analyze . '' 
 i realize i 've been dismissed . 
 as i turn to leave , elis and maxwell glide to one side , giving me access to the door . 
 i glance over my shoulder towards lexus , and a grin begins to form across my lips , `` catch you later , dad . '' 
 i laugh as one of his eyebrows arch up . 
 chapter three it happened when i was five . 
 we lived in the country side , isolated and away from any other living humans . 
 my parents told me humans existed somewhere out there , somewhere in the wilderness , living in groups and societies . 
 i used to ask them , why ca n't we visit them ? 
 some day we will , they used to reassure me . 
 my dad harvested the crops in the summer , plowing the fields and supervising the land . 
 `` want to help me ? '' 
 he always said , with his blue eyes twinkling and a bright smile radiating across his face . 
 my mom tended to the chickens and kept the house in order . 
 her short wavy hair always managed to fall into her eyes , and she always laughed when i pointed it out and suggested she should cut it . 
 every day i ran out into the fields , inhaling the scent of pine wood and blossoming flowers . 
 i careened along the lush green grass , smiling as the wind rushed against my skin and as crisp air weaved its way through my lungs . 
 i breathed in the life around me , cherishing every moment , cherishing every second of my life . 
 during the days we were free . 
 during the nights we hid under the cottage . 
 it was a happy life . 
 i remember vivid details as though it was only yesterday . 
 i remember the first time i touched a chicken . 
 i remember the first time i climbed a tree , and could n't get back down until my dad lifted me off the branch i was gripping . 
 i remember the sweet cakes my mother used to make . 
 i remember my father 's rich laugh . 
 we were content . 
 we were together . 
 we were happy ... until they came . 
 i heard stories from my parents of creatures that lurked in the darkness , hiding and moving within the shadows . 
 my parents told me that during the days we were mostly safe from the creatures , but during the nights we had to hide . 
 i was young then , and such stories kept me entertained . 
 but the night of my birthday changed everything . 
 it was past sunset and my father was outside , locking the chickens in the barn . 
 my mother was leading me downstairs , and into the basement to sleep . 
 we had had a long day , celebrating my fifth birthday , opening presents , and eating cake . 
 halfway down the basement steps we heard the noise . 
 it was like nothing i had ever heard before . 
 i had heard wolves howl out in the woods , but this was different . 
 it was a high pitched , ear splitting growl . 
 and it was close . 
 my mother froze and her eyes widened . 
 i did n't understand what was happening , but i knew something was wrong - that we were in danger . 
 i was too scared to speak . 
 my mother grabbed my hand and almost dragged me down into the basement . 
 she took me to a secret hideout location , built under the floorboards . 
 she hugged me one last time before lifting me down into the darkness . 
 hot tears flowed along my face . 
 she did n't meet my eyes when she told me to stay quiet and still . 
 she told me she loved me . 
 she told me not to open the lock , no matter what i heard or what happened . 
 she told me if she did n't come back , i should go through one of the tunnels , which lead to the other side of the woods and into a cave we had once visited . 
 i wanted to tell her she had to come back for me . 
 i wanted to tell her nothing was going to happen . 
 i wanted to tell her i was scared of the tunnel , but no words came out of my mouth . 
 the last i saw of her was when she closed the trap door , blinking back her tears , and engulfing me in darkness . 
 i just stood there , looking up at the place where her face had been , until the savage snarls had me backing into a corner . 
 i placed my hands over my ears to block out the screams and unnatural snarls and growls that were sounding closer by the second . 
 i curled up on the floor , sobs escaping my throat , hiding my face between my arms . 
 i do not know how long i stayed like that , but there came a point when everything went silent . 
 i looked up as the trap door was flung open and a face , hidden within the shadows , emerged . 
 then , a body had jumped down into the hideout . 
 i was frozen in place with fear and dread . 
 the person had slowly walked towards me , his movements cat like and sleek . 
 he bent down and gently pried my hands away from my ears . 
 his emerald green eyes were soft and full of pity . 
 his next words i would go on to remember , probably until my dying breath , were : `` you 're safe now . '' 
 his name was lexus . 
 and he adopted me as his son . 
 years flew by . 
 he was always there for me . 
 he always had time for me . 
 he always played with me . 
 he always had a smile for me . 
 we lived together in my father 's cottage . 
 but when i was ten , i finally confronted him about my past . 
 i always heard the screams of my mother in my dreams , and i used to wake up shaking , trembling , and shouting her name out in the middle of the night . 
 the monsters had gotten her . 
 i never found out what happened to my father . 
 i never asked lexus . 
 but as the years went by , as my confidence and courage grew , i confronted him . 
 i knew he was different . 
 i knew he had a different side to him . 
 i knew the red drinks he had were n't cherry juice . 
 i knew he was a vampire , he had said so much himself on several occasions . 
 he called it a mutation . 
 as i grew older , so did my curiosity . 
 i had searched the cottage during the days when lexus was nowhere to be found . 
 i had found stacks of blood in large freezers in the basement . 
 the blood was bottled and arranged in neat rows with the animal source clearly labeled across the glass . 
 my suspicions had built up when i made this discovery . 
 there was a nagging feeling in the back of my mind , which i suppressed as best i could , which i ignored at every other opportunity . 
 but it would come back in lethal force ; screaming at me , until one day i convinced myself it was true . 
 i confronted him in his office . 
 i was gripping a large knife in one hand , the hilt wet with my sweat . 
 he asked me what was wrong , eyeing the knife curiously . 
 it was then that it all came out . 
 the night my parents were murdered ; the night the vampires had come . 
 the night we never talked about . 
 the night lexus had turned up . 
 i forced out the question that with all my heart i hoped was n't true . 
 did he kill my parents ? 
 i held my breath , and waited for his answer . 
 was he the monster that had butchered my parents ? 
 the one who had adopted me and acted as a father figure ? 
 was he the killer ? 
 he stood up and slowly walked towards me . 
 i held up the knife further , warning him to keep his distance , but he put my arm down gently , pointing the knife to the floor and breaking my resolve with it . 
 he took me by my shoulders and tilted my head up so i was looking directly into his green eyes . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 that one word flooded me with relief . 
 i asked him , who did kill my parents ? 
 he said it was other vampires . 
 i asked him , what happened to my parents ? 
 he said there were murdered . 
 i asked him , why did n't they come for me ? 
 he said he killed them . 
 i asked him why ? 
 why did n't he just join in ? 
 why did n't he just kill me and drain me dry . 
 he moved his head , so it was inches away from my face , and whispered , `` i 'm not a monster . '' 
 i believed him . 
 i asked him were there any other vampires around . 
 he said yes . 
 as the pieces began to fit , i asked him , was it because i was human that he kept me away from other vampires ? 
 he said yes . 
 but he said , soon , i will meet them . 
 and they will not hurt me . 
 they will not touch me . 
 if they ever did , he would kill them . 
 that week we moved into the manor , and into the city of vampires . 
 chapter four i wake up to the shrilling of my alarm clock . 
 the small structure vibrates with the noise , almost bouncing on the spot as the gears work their internal wonders . 
 the high pitched sound rings in my eardrums , making me wince as a mis-match of sensory messages are sent to my brain . 
 with one heavy swipe of my arm , i knock the alarm clock off the desk , sending it hurtling across the room . 
 i blink several times as sunlight peeps through the blinds , a blend of orange and yellow , creating patterns across the bedroom that bathe the furniture in golden bronze . 
 i shrug off the covers and stagger out of bed . 
 i pick the clock up from the floor and slam my fist against the top , ending the harsh sound . 
 i look at the time with a yawn ; my eye lids feel heavy as the lingering fuzziness of sleep slowly blows off . 
 i wipe my hand across my face , focusing on the numbers flashing back at me . 
 it is a short while before sunset . 
 so there is a short time for me to go outside and enjoy the last part of the day while the sun is still up . 
 i have a quick shower , a change of clothes , and head downstairs . 
 i clamp down the spiral staircase ; the ancient steps underneath my feet groan as though waking up from a long , deep slumber , their moans creaky and hollow . 
 my socks pound on the green carpet layered across each step , the material warm and soft . 
 an eerie silence cloaks the manor as i walk through the deserted hallways . 
 the silence stretches in each direction like an invisible blanket , encasing the manor in a shroud of stillness . 
 the vampires are probably asleep , aside from a few guards and the destroyer james , who are probably prowling in the shadows of the manor , alert and watchful for disturbances . 
 i saunter into the kitchen and grab something to eat . 
 the maid normally leaves something in the freezer . 
 today she has left coleslaw and fish . 
 i sit at the kitchen table and gaze out the open window . 
 sunlight streams in and a breeze blows through the kitchen . 
 the soft wind pats against my face , and the cool air lingers on my skin . 
 i gulp down the remaining contents of milk , and shovel the last spoonful of coleslaw into my mouth , before making a beeline for the exit . 
 the sun is hanging low in the sky as i close the door behind me . 
 a blaze of golden orange and red brightens the horizon as the sunset draws closer . 
 white clouds march across the darkening blue atmosphere , fuzzy shapes of white , puffy and creamy , disappearing as night comes calling . 
 `` where do you wish to go ? '' 
 the voice startles me , and i look around wildly . 
 then i see him . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 i say , and the irritation in my voice seeps through , like water escaping through a hose . 
 i instantly regret my tone . 
 you do n't use that kind of attitude with artico destroyers . 
 but my escort does n't seem to mind , because he smiles an amused smile . 
 elis or is it maxwell - since i do n't know who is who - pushes himself off the wall he was leaning on . 
 `` to escort you of course , '' he says , deciding not to reprimand me for my sudden outburst . 
 my artico guards normally escort me when i roam around during the daytime . 
 at this time of day , the streets and roads are deserted and i hardly come across any vampire apart from a few of the older ones . 
 but they never bother me in the least . 
 i shrug my shoulders and look up at the sun , a burning sphere of molten lava , shining down at us in its last throngs . 
 `` you reckon you can handle it ? '' 
 i ask him with a smile that mirrors his . 
 most vampires ca n't tolerate daylight . 
 their skin ca n't handle the sun 's rays . 
 but powerful and stronger vampires can walk under the sun . 
 according to lexus , it can sometimes cause discomfort . 
 a vampire as old and powerful as lexus can walk in broad daylight without blinking an eye , though he sometimes wears gloves and a hat to shade his face and hands . 
 lesser vampires , if they stay out too long , will literally combust into flames , and then drivel into a pile of black ashes . 
 to my surprise , elis or maxwell , looks up at the sun with unblinking eyes . 
 the sun 's rays bathe his face in bright beams , showing the paleness and tautness of his skin . 
 `` i 've encountered worse , '' he says after a moment , but he slips on a pair of gloves and wears a top hat . 
 `` if you say so , '' i reply with a shrug , yet again wondering how powerful he really is . 
 he was acting like the sun did n't bother him in the least . 
 i head out the gates , opening them with a key , and walk across the lonely street that leads to the crux of the city . 
 `` my name 's elis . '' 
 i pause and look back at him . 
 `` okay , '' i say . 
 `` you can call me jake . '' 
 elis nods and glances up and down the street . 
 `` what is your routine for today ? '' 
 he says , turning his calm features back on me . 
 i look around as though i have everything planned , though i 'm not sure what i 'm going to do . 
 normally i just walk around aimlessly and just enjoy the scenery around me while it is bathed in light . 
 `` probably go to the park , '' i say finally , and i start trotting in that direction . 
 elis stays several feet behind me and i study him from the corner of my eyes . 
 his blonde hair , pinned back , is almost glowing under the sun 's rays . 
 he seems alert , and i catch subtle movements of his head as he scans the area for threats . 
 he then slips on his shades . 
 we walk in silence for several long minutes as we pass roads and buildings . 
 litter blows with the wind , and pigeons dig through empty food cartons , scavenging for leftovers . 
 i rub the back of my neck and replay lexus 's words from last night . 
 i caught up with him again later in the night and asked him for more information on the new threat he had alluded to , more out of curiosity than anything else . 
 but he had refused to tell me anything , and said it was best if i did n't think about it . 
 i slide into step next to elis , deciding to try and garner some information from him about this supposed new threat ; if anyone would know , it would be him . 
 `` so ... how come you guys are now escorting me ? '' 
 i say . 
 artico destroyers are the elite guards . 
 they are usually involved in undercover assignments and are used sparingly since their numbers are so low . 
 there are only ten of them . 
 at first elis does n't answer , but then he pauses and cocks his head to one side as if contemplating my question . 
 `` lexus assigned us , '' he says . 
 `` but what was the issue lexus was referring to ? '' 
 i prod . 
 `` you should ask lexus '' - he stops in midsentence and gazes skyward - `` we should head back . 
 school starts in a short while . '' 
 i check my watch . 
 we still have some time . 
 but after what happened yesterday , with a vampire losing it over the sight of my blood , today i 'm planning to get in early and avoid the mass stares which will flow my way from the large crowd that hangs around the school entrance . 
 `` just a few minutes then we 'll go , '' i say . 
 elis acknowledges my request with a bow of his head . 
 the park harbors a selection of tress . 
 the plants scattered around in the untouched strip of land ; larger ones towering into the sky and smaller ones within their midst , hidden under thick hanging branches . 
 i crouch down next to a patch of roses , and gingerly brush my finger against the smooth and delicate petals , their fragrance sharp and sweet . 
 though the world is in ruins , life still goes on in its different forms . 
 i look up as a flock of crows fly overhead , their wings beating under the setting sun . 
 birds sing sweet melodies , hidden within branches of towering trees , their beaks raised towards the sky . 
 it is relaxing to sit here and watch the life blossom around me , watch time march towards its goal . 
 i could remain here and let my life wither away while i admire the scenery , lost in its beauty and peace , but such life is no life . 
 *** we walk up to the school , deciding to leave the car behind since it would be time consuming to track back . 
 maxwell meets us halfway , emerging from the shadows of a building , and stalks silently beside me . 
 no ` hello ' , no ` good morning ' , just all business . 
 his tall muscled frame attracts a few uneasy glances from early risers . 
 the setting sun is in its final stages , immersing the darkening sky in vibrant orange and pink , and bringing the day to a close and a start to a new night for the city . 
 as i expected , the school is deserted at this time of day , and the only movement is the schools sign , creaking and shuddering as the wind brushes against it . 
 we saunter through the open front gate and through the reception door . 
 the unlocked gate and doors suggest that the caretaker is up and about , either lurking in the corridors or probably in his office . 
 in the lunch hall , when he forces his presence upon us , he sits alone in a corner , eating dead pigeons , feathers and all , licking the blood cleanly from the bones . 
 even most of the vampires find his behavior disgusting , but the care taker never seems to mind , hissing and growling with joy as he devours the flesh . 
 i amble towards my geography class . 
 light bulbs twinkle to life , illuminating the corridors and chasing away the darkness . 
 my geography class is empty , and i sigh with relief and take my normal seat at the back , slumping into my chair and placing my backpack on the floor . 
 elis and maxwell take up positions against the back wall behind my chair . 
 they fold their arms across their chests , their gazes locked on the door . 
 i pull my school books out , wondering what kind of rumors might be circulating regarding yesterday 's events , and what kind of reception is in store for me from the vampires . 
 no doubt a section of them will be saddened that i somehow survived . 
 the door opens , and i look up as fruz enters . 
 his black hair , slapped with gel , is spiked up . 
 he glances around with his wide cookie brown eyes and grins when he sees me . 
 his eyes hover over to elis and maxwell and an uneasy look flashes across them . 
 never the less , he ambles to the desk next to me , throws his backpack down , and jumps into the chair . 
 `` the whole school knows , '' he says , leaning his chair in my direction , his face amused . 
 i shrug my shoulders as though it 's insignificant , though inwardly my stomach is swirling with anxiety . 
 i get enough attention as it is . 
 but this will just bring me back to the center of attention like a celebrity who has hit the headlines again . 
 `` what were you thinking in picking history anyway , that class is full of low lives , '' fruz continues , rocking his chair back and ripping one side of his bag clean open when the zip gets stuck . 
 he takes out his textbooks and drops them on his desk and stares at them as though he ca n't be bothered with them . 
 he has a point regarding my history class . 
 even though lexus is the undisputed ruler , there are still factions amongst the vampires . 
 the articos are split into three main groups . 
 even though lexus rules over all three , some groups are more loyal to him than others . 
 my history class is littered with those who have parents that never agreed with lexus 's decision to adopt me . 
 but the only reason i chose the subject was because lexus has always laid a great emphasis on it : `` we can learn from our mistakes by examining the past , '' he has said on many occasions . 
 he used to spend hours teaching me in his office or outside in the yard of the manor whenever he had the time . 
 `` it 's not that bad , '' i say with a thoughtful expression . 
 the downside is that they just want to eat me , my conscious whispers back to me . 
 fruz makes a face . 
 he leans his chair in my direction and sniffs . 
 `` they said you smelled like a chicken burger '' - he inhales sharply - `` you smell normal now . 
 normal as in you 'd still taste great . '' 
 he grins , and glances around the vacant class as if expecting to see others laughing at his joke . 
 the smile slips from his face when he notices the artico destroyers staring at him , and he quickly straightens himself up and busies himself with a textbook , suddenly interested in the black and white text . 
 the door swings open and i glance up as other vampires glide in , expressions motionless , moving gracefully into the room . 
 a few stares are shot my way , but then averted as they see the destroyers behind me . 
 some smirk but look away just as fast , not wanting to draw attention from my body guards , but elis 's and maxwell 's gazes follow them to their seats , their sly gestures not missed by the experienced duo . 
 mr. duke enters with suitcase in one hand . 
 he marches behind his desk and sits down . 
 he stares at the crack in the ceiling like he always does when he 's waiting for late arrivals to turn up . 
 the door bangs open and nathan 's huge frame edges through . 
 he looks straight at me and frowns . 
 he glides over and takes the seat to my right . 
 `` i heard what happened , '' he says , his voice rumbling . 
 `` yeah , well , these things happen , '' i say , like such incidents were normal . 
 nathan nods , his large jaw moving as he clenches it . 
 `` davilon was saying you crapped your pants when they walked in on you in the men 's toilets , '' he says , looking at me intently . 
 `` what ? '' 
 nathan nods . 
 `` yeah , i knew he was talking it . 
 want me to sort him out ? '' 
 he cracks his knuckles . 
 the noise attracts the attention of the whole class . 
 `` nah , he 's not worth it , '' i whisper . 
 i might as well have shouted it out since every ear probably heard it . 
 this is confirmed when several vampires smile at my comment . 
 davilon is one of the popular vampires in the school . 
 his father is an influential figure , and was one of the first to protest when lexus announced me as his adopted son , though that protest was retracted when lexus had threatened him . 
 davilon is similar to his father in many ways , arrogant , prideful , amongst other things . 
 all heads turn to the door as albert strides in , a badminton case flung over one shoulder . 
 he shoots us a wave before taking his usual seat at the front . 
 all of a sudden , everyone in the room goes still . 
 i look around wondering what 's going on and i quickly glance at my finger . 
 but to my relief , the bandage is still securely in place . 
 all eyes turn towards the door . 
 i look around at the motionless faces , before turning my own attention to the door , trying to figure out what i 'm missing . 
 the door opens , and a vampire , that i have never seen before walks in . 
 and behind him are two artico destroyers . 
 the vampire is wearing a white jacket with black shades covering his eyes . 
 his dark brown hair falls across his forehead in waves , resting against his creamy skin . 
 the vampire tightens his grip on the bag , which is slung over one of his shoulders , and nods once at mr. duke . 
 duke inclines his head in greeting , and motions at a deserted seat at the front . 
 the vampire pulls the chair out from under the desk and sits down , hanging his bag over the back of the chair . 
 the artico destroyers close the door and stand guard , ignoring glances which dart from them to the new vampire . 
 one of the destroyers is short and stocky , and his thick arms hang by his side . 
 the other destroyer has tendrils of dreadlocks falling across his shoulders . 
 both of them are wearing shades . 
 the vampires in the class exchange curious glances . 
 fruz veers to one side to get a better look at the new guy . 
 he frowns , shrugs and slumps back into his chair . 
 nathan is frowning as though he is trying to figure something out . 
 he taps the tip of his pen against his dark pink lips as if it would help . 
 he then also shrugs , and begins to doodle on the edge of his desk . 
 mr. duke rises from his seat . 
 he does n't introduce the new guy . 
 when i first arrived at this school , he introduced me to everyone like a freak show . 
 he also explained , in my presence , that i was untouchable and that if anyone so as if laid a finger on me , he had paused and pointed at my then artico guards , finishing the silent message : you 'll be ripped to shreds . 
 mr. duke glides to the whiteboard and turns to the class . 
 `` you will get your test paper results in a few days , '' he says , stretching out the words with his french accent . 
 `` until then , turn to page sixty seven , sedimentary rocks . '' 
 chapter five according to lexus , vampires have been around for thousands of years , living in the shadows and darkness of the night , hidden from the world to which they were nothing more but a myth told in stories , mere folklore and legends passed down by story tellers . 
 lexus says that around two thousand years ago , a mutation resulted in a human turning into a vampire . 
 since then , other vampires were created throughout time by the simple process of a vampire biting a human , and armies and societies were raised as a result . 
 a vampire can also be born to vampire parents . 
 at a certain age the offspring stops aging . 
 it varies from vampire to vampire the age a vampire will remain at . 
 it could be twenty or thirty or even sixty . 
 once bitten by a vampire , the transformation begins . 
 the victim develops a thirst for human blood , though animal blood is sufficient and ebbs the craving , but many prefer human blood and its rich taste and scent . 
 the victim can eat human food too , but too long without blood and the victim would go crazy with hunger , turning into a mindless vicious mutt intent on killing and devouring anything within reach . 
 the victim 's skin turns very sensitive to sunlight , so sensitive that it could burn when exposed to the sun . 
 but as time progresses , the skin becomes more resistant to the sun 's rays . 
 lexus says that the sun 's rays just prickle his skin as opposed to the days when his skin would sizzle and burn . 
 the victim gets stronger and faster . 
 the victim 's reflexes and vision improves . 
 the victim 's healing is accelerated . 
 lexus demonstrated this to me once . 
 he took a kitchen knife and sliced his palm . 
 several seconds later , the skin had healed , leaving a faint pink scar where the cut had been . 
 several minutes later that was gone too , and the skin was smooth as it was before with no sign of it ever being damaged . 
 i asked lexus for further details regarding the mutation . 
 where did it come from ? 
 how did it happen ? 
 was there a cure to reverse a vampire back into human form ? 
 he said he does n't know where the mutation came from or how it developed , though he searches for clues and has been doing so for centuries . 
 lexus was turned by the original vampire , the one who had contracted the mutation . 
 the original vampire had bitten him , and informed him he would be a part of an army whose purpose would be to enslave mankind . 
 the original vampire claimed ignorance of the mutations origins , stating he had no knowledge of the mutation and his transformation erased the memory of his previous life . 
 but he was sure that he was the only vampire in existence at the time , the original . 
 lexus says when he had awoken the next day , he felt different and the changes happened slowly at first . 
 the thirst for blood , the sensitivity to the sun , the increase in strength ; speed , agility and sight came in gradual stages . 
 until finally , he was fully turned into what he is today . 
 i asked lexus about his human life , but he refused to tell me anything about his past aside from the fact he had to let it go for every ones safety . 
 he had to move on . 
 the world moves on , so did he . 
 the original vampire turned many others after lexus , increasing the number of his army to thousands . 
 lexus says that he never agreed with the original vampire and never intended to wage war against mankind , so he waited for an opportunity to kill him . 
 the original vampire disappeared before lexus could kill him , disbanding them all in the act . 
 they never found any trace of him , and the vampire army he had created scattered , and formed various groups and societies , and followed different paths and ideals . 
 i asked lexus why humans do not exist in the world . 
 he told me that during times gone by humans used to populate the earth in their billions , creating thousands of cities and conquering vast lands . 
 but then , they erased themselves from the face of the earth through wars , nuclear war fare , and by using biological weapons against one another . 
 he said radioactivity killed most of them . 
 but he pointed an arm to the east and said human populations may still reside there , survivors of the ever lost earth . 
 he told me that in the past some vampires have tried to find the humans in the east . 
 those who went never came back . 
 he told me he 's been there once , a long time ago . 
 he said the sun shines fiercely and deserts stretch in every direction . 
 he said his people will not be able to survive there . 
 when he was there , the sun still affected him despite him wearing thick clothes . 
 i asked him , how come no one returns ? 
 how did he return , and what did he see ? 
 he told me he is not entirely sure , but it must be the sun which gets the vampires , because he has never seen a human while he was there . 
 he said he wanted to explore , but the sun would have finally caught up to him too , so he withdrew . 
 he told me he just saw deserts stretch in every direction ; hot plans of burning sand . 
 i asked him , if he is planning on ever going again . 
 he said he needs to be here for his people and rule over them , and he wants to be here for me . 
 he said if humans do exist there , and he believes they do , they should be left to their own devices . 
 he said vampires that try to go there crave human blood . 
 he stopped his vampires from going there a long time ago , though some have managed to slip under his radar , but they never returned . 
 i asked him , apart from the city he ruled , where there other vampires in the world ? 
 he said yes . 
 there are two other groups . 
 to the north live the balderush vampires . 
 they should never be trusted . 
 i asked him why ? 
 he said they are never content with the material gains they have . 
 when they acquire something , they want more . 
 just like a kid who takes one biscuit , but then wants another one , and another . 
 they are dangerous , and if given the opportunity they will take by force what they desire . 
 he said to the south live the kron vampires . 
 they are well known for their betrayal . 
 i asked how so ? 
 he said during the dark days the krons sided with humans and helped them to hunt and kill vampires . 
 i asked him , why would they do that ? 
 he said their minds work differently . 
 just like the balderush vampires , they too are power hungry . 
 he believes their purpose was to eliminate all other vampires who they saw as a threat , and once it was accomplished , they would have turned on the humans and tried to enslave them . 
 i asked him why he has n't killed the other vampires since they would probably attack us when given half the chance . 
 he said for the last twenty years there has been a truce between all three groups . 
 each group stays within their territory . 
 so far the peace has held . 
 he said that some try to cross borders , but they are always caught and such meager incidents are not worth shattering the peace . 
 he said there is another part of the world called the shadow zone . 
 it 's off limits to all vampires . 
 it has been agreed upon , by all three main groups , that the zone should be left alone . 
 i asked him why ? 
 he said there exists things there that should be left in peace . 
 i asked him what things ? 
 he ignored me . 
 chapter six the appearance and unannounced arrival of the new vampire had the students in a buzz for the next few hours . 
 the identity of the new student became the focus of attention and my little encounter the other day was almost forgotten like it was yesterday 's news . 
 through-out geography class , the vampires kept on shooting the new student covert glances in an attempt to pin point his identity through his personal traits . 
 even i was n't immune and i found myself watching the back of his head . 
 nathan and fruz 's interest also seemed to perk up , and they spent most of the lesson studying the vampires movements and craning to get a look at his face as if it was the key to unlock the answer . 
 vampires could be home schooled . 
 but in a city this small someone should have recognized the new vampire , but no one had the slight idea who he was . 
 he did n't utter a word through-out class nor made conversation with any of the others students , and his opaque shades hid his full features from view , making it more difficult to get any sort of clue . 
 mr. duke carried on the lesson like nothing was out of the ordinary , but hardly anyone paid any attention . 
 once geography was finally over , i did get the odd stare as though the vampires had just remembered me again . 
 no one approached me though , not with elis and maxwell hovering around me like vultures ready to pounce with the slightest provocation . 
 every one even gave me a wide berth when they walked past me in the corridors , some even turned and walked the other way while some waited patiently until we passed . 
 i think it was more due to elis and maxwell 's presence . 
 artico destroyers had a hell of a reputation and were known for their lethalness . 
 the new vampire got the lion 's share of attention as he sauntered along the corridors with his two artico destroyers behind him . 
 vampires stopped to stare at them , leaving their conversations to regard this new anomaly . 
 *** `` who is he anyway ? '' 
 i say to elis , looking up at him from my laptop while he stands against the wall with arms folded and face unreadable . 
 other students around me fall silent , and pretend to do their work , while eagerly waiting for elis 's reply . 
 i 'm surprised lexus never mentioned anything about a new vampire enrolling at the school . 
 normally he would have , because a new vampire could mean a new threat to me . 
 especially if the vampire never came across me before , and as a result may not be able to control his blood craving while being near me , unlike the others who are now used to my presence , save the odd lapse . 
 and why was the new guy given escorts ? 
 not any escorts , but artico destroyers . 
 even i was n't assigned artico destroyers up until now . 
 were the destroyers there to protect him ? 
 or ... protect me from him ? 
 i tense at the thought and glance over my shoulder and at the new vampire , who is sitting in one corner of the room , immersed with his laptop . 
 if that was the case , it would make sense with him being new and all . 
 but on the other hand , it does n't make sense at all , because none of the new kids in the first years are given escorts . 
 and with them being young and all , they are a much greater threat to me . 
 the whole thing strikes me as odd . 
 elis raises his head , and glances at the new guy , who now has his head drooped over an open textbook . 
 `` it does not concern you , '' he says , and the vampires around me deflate . 
 it seems elis and the others are trying to keep the new vampires arrival low key for some reason , while expecting the rest of us just to get on with it . 
 `` okay , why is he assigned two destroyers ? '' 
 i say instead , not giving up easily . 
 the vampires around me fall silent again as they wait for elis 's answer . 
 elis shakes his head . 
 i wait for a further reply , but several minutes later i know he is n't going to elaborate , so i sigh and begin a new game on my laptop . 
 *** in the lunch hall i take my usual seat next to nathan and fruz . 
 they are talking under their breaths , their mouths move quickly as words and sentences are spilled out . 
 i ask them what 's up . 
 fruz looks over his shoulder and nods . 
 the new vampire is standing in the lunch queue , getting curious glances from all those around him . 
 not the type of looks some may shoot when they think no one is looking , but full on stares , that are quickly averted when the two artico destroyers sweep their grim hard gazes over the offending individuals . 
 `` trading theories , '' fruz says , turning back to me . 
 `` nathan thinks the guy is a fugitive . '' 
 i turn to nathan who nods in confirmation to the statement . 
 `` why else would he be given that much protection ? '' 
 he says , jerking a thumb at the two artico destroyers surrounding the new guy and keeping other vampires at a good distance . 
 `` forget that for a sec , '' i say taking a bite of an apple , the sour taste dissolving in my mouth . 
 `` what 's the guy 's name ? '' 
 if we are to find out who this guy really is , we should start on the basics . 
 maybe his name will ring some-ones memory and shed light on his identity . 
 fruz and nathan exchange quick glances and shrug simultaneously , their shoulders rising and falling , before fruz spins around in his chair . 
 `` we might just find out , '' he says with excitement . 
 i follow his gaze to see the new guy sitting down on a lone table , his two guards hover behind him , and walking up to them is albert . 
 he takes long strides with his lanky legs , covering twice the distance than a normal vampire would , his skinny tall stature sticking out in the crowd . 
 he 's balancing his tray in one hand while holding up a blood drink with one finger of the other , in one of his more restrained acts of show . 
 he reaches the table and places his food down before slipping into the chair directly opposite the new guy . 
 the new vampire suddenly goes still , his fork frozen in mid-air . 
 both his artico destroyers study albert from behind their shades , but make no attempt to remove him . 
 a hush spreads through-out the lunch hall as the vampires begin to realize what has just happened , and all heads turn towards this new development . 
 `` hi there , my names albert , '' albert says . 
 he takes a sip of his blood drink . 
 he brings the glass back down on the table with a clink and wipes his mouth with the back of his hand . 
 he pauses as if waiting for a response , but instead , the new guy picks up his knife and continues to eat as if no one has talked to him , ignoring albert point blank . 
 `` so what 's your name ? '' 
 albert prods again , undeterred , his voice bounces around the silent lunch hall . 
 even the staff members have stopped to listen . 
 mr. duke cocks his head , his eyebrows arching up . 
 the caretaker puts down his half eaten pigeon and licks his lips ; his blood shot eyes moving from albert to the new vampire . 
 mrs. lake lowers her half empty glass to the table , and dabs at her mouth with a napkin , her attention fully taken by the scene albert has created . 
 the cook , who a moment ago was serving students behind the canteen , pauses and sniffs the air . 
 he frowns , before shaking his head . 
 the new guy lifts his head and stares at albert . 
 albert smiles back politely and gives an encouraging nod of his balloon sized head as if insinuating that it is alright to speak . 
 i watch on with curiosity , like everyone else , to see how the new vampire will respond . 
 but instead of saying anything , he just gets up , and begins to walk out the hall and his two artico destroyers follow in his wake . 
 every one follows their progress as they exit the double doors . 
 as soon as they leave , muttered conversations break out across the hall as the students trade theories based on this new encounter . 
 albert picks up his tray of refreshments , and saunters in our direction , appreciated looks from other vampires for his effort follow him . 
 `` was worth a try , '' he says , reaching our table and stuffing a chicken wing in his mouth , bone and all . 
 he clumps down into the chair opposite me and gives me a grin , exposing his fangs and the shattered pieces of bone mingled with blood . 
 `` you 're disgusting , '' i say , looking down at my own food as my appetite dissolves in my stomach . 
 `` thanks , '' albert says , draining his blood drink and slamming the glass on the table . 
 `` so what do you guy 's think ? '' 
 he looks to each of us in turn like a child waiting for someone to tell him his bedtime story ; his amber eyes , freckled with red , are bright and clear . 
 i shrug and turn my attention back to my food and try to force it down while nathan academically explains his theory about the new guy being a fugitive . 
 `` just think about it for a second , '' he says , leaning in and whispering the words , causing the table to creak under the weight of his large arms . 
 `` first '' - he raises one finger as if to emphasize the point - `` the guy comes out of nowhere and no has ever seen him before . '' 
 he pauses as if waiting for the words to sink in before continuing . 
 `` secondly '' - he raises his middle finger this time , attracting a few scandalized looks from vampires who mistake his gesture - `` he 's been given artico destroyers as body guards , which can only mean he 's a danger to us , or he is under protection from something and he ca n't defend himself on his own . '' 
 nathans eyes flicker to me as if those last words might have offended me . 
 i pretend i did n't hear and make a point of noticing the new tv installed on the far wall . 
 `` thirdly '' - he jerks his thumb up with a crack - `` no one has mentioned his arrival . 
 plus there has been no official announcement . 
 but all the teachers seemed to know he was coming though . '' 
 he leans back , proud of his little theorizing . 
 fruz , who had been chipping in with phrases such as , `` yes '' , `` his bang on '' , `` what else could he be '' , every time nathan made a point , frowns . 
 `` we could ask our parents , they should know something , '' he says . 
 nathan and albert both nod , liking the idea . 
 they then pause and glance in my direction . 
 i look between them and swallow the slice of fish in my mouth which slithers down my throat like a worm . 
 `` what ? '' 
 albert rubs his chin . 
 `` you could ask lexus . '' 
 i stare at my plate , `` no point , '' i mumble under my breath , though i had been planning on asking him all along . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 nathan asks with confusion . 
 i shrug my shoulders . 
 `` he does n't tell me stuff like this . '' 
 fruz sighs and sits up straight in his chair . 
 he places both his arms on the table and intertwines the fingers on his hands . 
 `` jake , '' he says in a tone he normally uses when he is after some information . 
 it is usually followed by a lot of persuasive tact where he throws the pro 's against the cons , with the pro 's always seeming to come out on top . 
 `` i 'll ask him , '' i say , sparing fruz the trouble of his forthcoming rant . 
 `` but i still think he wo n't tell me . '' 
 which is true to some extent because lexus refuses to tell me various things ; for example ; he refuses to tell me what exactly exists in the shadow zone . 
 the shadow zone has always been a hot topic of gossip amongst the students . 
 it seemed no one got tired of talking about it , and the more they talked about it the more questions they had . 
 of course , no one answered them . 
 even the teachers claim that they are not sure what exactly exists there . 
 the only thing that we know is that some sort of mutated creatures reside there . 
 albert gives me a gentle slap on my back . 
 `` you 're the man ! '' 
 *** after lunch we had the excruciating double period of geology to look forward to . 
 as soon as i enter the class , my eyes dart around for alex. his chair is empty . 
 so i sit down and wait for him to turn up . 
 other students spill into the room . 
 mr. norman barges in with his overstuffed briefcase and kick starts the lesson . 
 alex still does n't turn up . 
 i grow uneasy . 
 did lexus do something to him ? 
 elis , who seems to notice my anxiety , glides next to my desk and leans down . 
 `` he 's fine . 
 he is taking a few days off to calm down . '' 
 i nod with relief just as mr. norman spins around to shout at us for talking , but when he sees elis , he seems to bite back what he initially intended to say and instead says , `` you got some good results in your test jake . '' 
 he smiles , tight and hard , and turns back to the board and carries on writing . 
 i sigh , flip open my exercise book and begin copying . 
 chapter seven after school , elis drives us back to the manor . 
 maxwell sits beside me in the back , staring ahead without a word , his jaw set hard . 
 this time no vampire blocks the road as we drive through the busy streets . 
 my thoughts keep drifting to the new vampire . 
 who could he be ? 
 nathan 's theory seems to have some life to it . 
 being assigned two artico destroyers must mean he is someone important , someone valuable . 
 even i was n't assigned artico destroyers until now . 
 i sit up straight , remembering lexus 's words in my mind : there have been some issues . 
 and i have decided to assign you two artico destroyers as your escorts until the matters are resolved . 
 i stare out the window , mulling over his words , and trying to figure out the source of the threat he was hinting at . 
 could the new vampires arrival be just a coincidence or is there more to his arrival than meets the eye ? 
 could the vampire be an outsider ? 
 that would fit perfectly with the fugitive theory . 
 we do n't really get vampires from the other groups coming to us and pledging their allegiance , but it 's not unheard of . 
 it has happened in the past several times . 
 but what if the new vampire was the threat lexus was referring to ? 
 i close my eyes and sigh . 
 that must be it . 
 that was why he was given artico destroyers -- not for his protection -- but for mine . 
 it makes sense on a level , but at the same time , i still find it odd for some reason . 
 elis parks the car in the manor 's lot and we all walk up to the front door . 
 the artico guards at the door fluidly move aside , letting us through . 
 i head towards lexus 's office . 
 two questions play on my mind . 
 who is the new guy ? 
 what was the issue he was referring to before ? 
 the latter he has already refused to tell me , but perhaps today he is in a better mood , and maybe my theory is correct and the new vampire is the new threat . 
 i knock on lexus 's office door , but instead of hearing his calm voice , another deep posh voice answers . 
 `` oh come in . '' 
 i frown as my hand lingers on the door knob . 
 i push the door open to find the office brightly lit by the overheard florescent bulbs , the light sharp and dazzling , bringing the usual dark room to life . 
 and sitting behind lexus 's desk , with hands clasped in front of him , is gregory assange , or as i used to call him ` uncle greg ' . 
 he is wearing a tuxedo and has his long white hair pinned back in a ponytail similar to elis 's . 
 he smiles when he sees me , his short silver beard sparkles under the lights . 
 he then opens his arms out . 
 i cock an eyebrow up as a grin breaks across my lips . 
 when i used to be younger , he was the first person lexus introduced me to . 
 he used to open his arms up and i used to fly into them and then he used to spin me around like a ferris wheel , but at blinding speed . 
 though entertaining at the time , those days are long gone , and i 've grown out of such games . 
 gregory laughs ; the sound deep and warm in his throat , and he brings his arms back down . 
 `` too old for childish games ? '' 
 he says with a chuckle . 
 i smile . 
 `` you could say that . '' 
 i look around the office as though expecting to see lexus . 
 but the room is bare aside from us and the furniture . 
 `` where 's lexus ? '' 
 a deep sigh escapes gregory 's mouth , the sound drawn and tired . 
 `` he left on an important errand . 
 not entirely sure how long it will keep him , '' he says . 
 before i can say anything , elis beats me to it . 
 `` when did he leave ? '' 
 he says , his usual calm tone losing its edge . 
 gregory turns his attention to the two destroyers . 
 `` he left around six hours ago . '' 
 `` did he go on his own ? '' 
 this time maxwell speaks . 
 i have n't heard him talk for so long and the sound of his voice actually surprises me , and i find myself giving him a backward glance ; the deep low rumble with the hint of a foreign accent somewhere in there has be guessing his nationality . 
 `` no , '' gregory replies , and he flicks imaginary dirt from the shoulder of his immaculate tuxedo . 
 `` four artico destroyers accompanied him at his request . '' 
 elis and maxwell exchange unreadable glances . 
 i look between them , trying to figure out if i just missed something . 
 lexus , though not very often , does take off with little or no notice . 
 but when he does , he always informs me . 
 this time he has n't . 
 `` you have not been forgotten elis . 
 lexus left you a parchment , '' gregory says . 
 he picks a black envelope from the desk with two fingers and slides it across the air to elis , who catches it with ease . 
 elis slits the envelope with a quick swipe of one finger , and withdraws a small sheet of brown paper . 
 his blue eyes scan over it once he then folds it and slips it into his pocket . 
 `` he left one for you too . '' 
 i turn towards gregory to see him holding a black envelope in his hand . 
 i walk up to him , frowning , wondering why lexus would disappear at such short notice and leave letters behind for us ; why would he actually leave at all without informing me in person . 
 i take the envelope from gregory 's out stretched hand and slowly tear it open , an uneasy knot forming in my stomach . 
 i remove the folded paper within , straighten it , and stare at lexus 's spidery writing : jake an important concern had arisen and i had to leave on short notice . 
 i 'm not sure how long this issue will occupy me , so i have left gregory to handle matters within the city in my absence . 
 stay close to elis and maxwell at all times . 
 do not wander around on your own under any circumstances , even in day light . 
 and above all , do not befriend the new child who has joined your school . 
 keep your distance from him . 
 some-day you 'll understand why . 
 lexus i read the letter several times , my lips forming the words of the last two sentences . 
 `` best to do what he says . '' 
 i look up at gregory who is rising from his chair . 
 `` i need to pay the border guards a little visit , '' he says , wiping away imaginary dust from his tuxedo again , a gesture which he has turned into a habit . 
 elis and maxwell , who had been in a whispered conversation , glance up . 
 `` is kruse still at the boarder ? '' 
 elis says . 
 gregory nods , running his fingers through his thin beard . 
 `` i need to pass on instructions to him , '' he says . 
 `` wait , '' i say , and they all look in my direction . 
 `` what the hell is going on ? '' 
 i expect gregory to explain but it is maxwell who talks . 
 `` nothing you need to concern yourself with , '' he says , the tone of his voice implying i should mind my own business . 
 now my irritation is rocketing . 
 apparently something is amiss and i get assigned two artico destroyers as my escorts . 
 secondly , some new vampire appears out of nowhere and is also assigned escorts . 
 no one knows who he is , and those who know are keeping quiet about it . 
 thirdly , lexus takes off with several destroyers on some important mission , and warns me to keep away from the new guy . 
 and no one tells me anything . 
 `` look , '' i say , the irritation and annoyance radiating through the one word . 
 `` you can at least tell me what is going on . 
 where has lexus gone off to ? '' 
 i look between them , hoping for some sort of explanation , even a half-baked one . 
 gregory shakes his head . 
 `` i 'm afraid i do not know myself . '' 
 gregory 's answer actually surprises me , and he sounds genuine and sincere , so i let it go to ponder over later and move on to my next question . 
 `` how about this new guy ? 
 why do i have to keep away from him ? 
 is he the danger lexus was talking about or is the danger from the outside ? '' 
 gregory walks from behind the desk , and for a second i think he is going to stand in front of me and explain all , but instead he glides straight to the door . 
 `` i 'll be back soon , '' he says to elis and maxwell , who both tilt their heads in acknowledgement . 
 he looks at me and smiles a sad smile , before disappearing into the hallway . 
 i sigh and turn to elis and maxwell and open my mouth to interrogate them , but maxwell cuts me off . 
 `` jake , you 're not going to get any answers from us , so do n't waste your energy asking . 
 and just for the record , we do not know where lexus has gone . '' 
 i recognize a tint of annoyance in his words , and i get a feeling that it is not aimed at me . 
 i clamp my mouth shut with a sigh , knowing i 'm not going to get any answers from these two . 
 a volcano of anger bubbles inside my chest at the annoying fact of why i have to be kept in the dark . 
 i let out a deep sigh , promising myself that i will try to get the answers out of lexus when he comes back . 
 but he does n't come back later that night . 
 nor is he back during daylight . 
 i stand outside his office and knock . 
 there is no response . 
 i meet elis and maxwell down the hallway and ask them , only to hear lexus has n't arrived . 
 `` i 'm going out , '' i say , walking towards the front entrance . 
 i glance over my shoulder to see elis and maxwell slip on gloves and hats . 
 the sun is shining like a live furnace , bright and hot , and it is hours before sunset . 
 i walk along the path leading away from the manor , and out the front gate . 
 i glance back to find elis and maxwell have followed me silently . 
 `` we 'll take the car today , '' i say . 
 `` depends where you wish to go , '' elis says , tilting his hat down to cover his face . 
 `` the border , '' i reply in a conversational tone as though i go there all the time . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` lexus 's orders . '' 
 i reign in my frustration . 
 i planned on meeting some of my old artico guards - who have been assigned to the border - and ask them about the new vampire and lexus 's departure , figuring they might know something . 
 `` fine , '' i say , maybe a bit too bitterly . 
 `` let 's go to the park . '' 
 once we reach the park , i know something is amiss . 
 the air is cold and frigid and has a touch of frost . 
 i glance around trying to place the cause of disturbance , before sauntering to the same patch of flowers i had seen last time . 
 i frown as i crouch down and examine the frail and rotten petals , crisp and brown in texture , decayed with insects crawling across them . 
 the stems are drooped forward and are thin and cracked . 
 the roses are dead . 
 just yesterday they were fine . 
 i look up to see the sky coated in dark clouds . 
 the trees are silent and lifeless . 
 something has shifted . 
 chapter eight first period is history , and i fumble with the knife in my pocket as i stare at the door to the classroom . 
 after what happened yesterday , i 'm not sure what to expect from the others . 
 i wonder if they are looking forward to me puncturing my finger again , placing bets on who goes for me this time . 
 or maybe the new vampire is still the main topic of gossip . 
 `` it will be fine , '' elis says , reading my body language and placing a hand on my shoulder , his and maxwell 's presence putting me at ease . 
 i take a deep breath , wipe my sweaty hands against my trousers , and open the door . 
 as i walk in , the first thing that greets me is the chit chatter of dozens of voices . 
 a few heads spin in my direction , but after a quick look and seemingly not thinking much of me , they turn back to their friends , their mouths moving quickly as they continue from where they left off . 
 i glance around the room and pause in mid-step when i see alex sitting in the front row , staring at me with his beady green eyes . 
 he shifts in his chair . 
 `` about the other day , '' he says , averting his eyes to a textbook open in front of him . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i just lost control . '' 
 he looks up and offers me an apologetic smile . 
 `` no worries , '' i reply , like it was nothing , as if it was no big deal he almost ripped into my throat . 
 the rest of the students are sitting around in small groups talking excitedly amongst themselves . 
 i notice my old seat is taken by a bulky vampire who is stuffing crisps into his mouth while he listens to his friends ramble on , drool runs down his chin and onto his uniform . 
 he coughs , and a driveled crisp fly 's out of his mouth and lands several feet away from him . 
 he does n't blink an eye , but several disgusted looks are sent his way . 
 all other seats are taken , and with no other option , i reluctantly slip into the empty seat next to alex who seems to cheer up , misinterpreting my choice as a perceived attempt of me bestowing forgiveness upon him . 
 `` you heard the news ? '' 
 he says , the events of two days ago all but forgotten . 
 elis and maxwell , who are standing by the door , tilt their heads in our direction . 
 i glance around the class , and at the excited chit chatter of voices , swarming all around us like flies , filling the room all at once . 
 `` no , '' i say , turning back to alex , `` what 's the latest ? '' 
 i rummage in my backpack for my textbook . 
 alex licks his lips as though he ca n't wait to tell me . 
 `` two big stories . 
 first the new guy 's body guards have been upped , '' he says . 
 i raise an eyebrow at him , urging him to continue . 
 this is definitely big news . 
 alex bobs his head , `` that 's right , '' he confirms . 
 `` the guy has been assigned four extra artico guards . '' 
 he pauses and grimaces , probably at the memory when wavin - one of the artico guards - had slammed his head into the wall , cracking his skull . 
 `` so what 's the other piece of news ? '' 
 i ask quickly , sparing him the agony in reliving that moment . 
 i try to gauge the reason why the new guy would be assigned more protection . 
 i 'm still not entirely sure if the new vampire is the threat lexus was hinting at . 
 or if the new vampires arrival is just coincidental , but then , why would lexus warn me to stay away from him ? 
 is it because the vampire might kill me because he is n't used to my presence ? 
 and why the extra protection ? 
 `` this one is more of a rumor , '' alex says , pulling me away from my thoughts . 
 he stops and glances uneasily at elis and maxwell who are looking out the window , something of sudden interest having captured their attention . 
 alex turns his gaze back to me , and in a low whisper he says , `` rumor has it that lexus has left the city . '' 
 i had been in the middle of taking a drink from my water bottle . 
 i gag , cough and sputter . 
 `` who told you that ? '' 
 i wipe my face with the back of my hand , but instantly regret it when alex 's eye 's drift to the plaster on my finger . 
 i pretend not to notice and shove both my hands under the table . 
 he seems to recover and blinks . 
 `` so it 's true ? '' 
 he says . 
 his eyes widen as he looks for confirmation . 
 yesterday , gregory had made me promise to keep lexus 's departure a secret because it would supposedly raise questions and cause panic . 
 well , it seemed half the school already knew . 
 i look up to see elis and maxwell conversing . 
 they must have overheard what alex just said , and i guess they are n't too happy at the supposed leak . 
 `` nah , '' i lie , turning back to alex and shaking my head as if the whole idea of lexus leaving is just ridiculous . 
 `` i saw him this morning before school , '' i add , to cement the lie . 
 his face drops as if i 've just delivered bad news , but he quickly brightens up . 
 `` yeah i thought it was bull , '' he says , as if he knew all along . 
 i change the subject back to more firm waters , `` any new theories about the new guy ? '' 
 even though elis , maxwell , and gregory wo n't tell me anything and insist in keeping me ignorant , i am still going to try to find out as much as possible about this new vampire . 
 the day before , i could n't have cared much as to who he was . 
 but now , with lexus 's words echoing and buzzing around in my mind like bees , my curiosity has rocketed . 
 i 'm eager to find out who this guy is , where he came from , and why i should stay away from him -lrb- aside from the obvious fact that he has a craving for my blood -rrb- , and if he was the threat lexus had mentioned . 
 alex shakes his head . 
 `` just the same ones as yesterday , none of our parents know either '' - he turns his attention back to his textbook , but then suddenly snaps his head up , regarding me in a new light - `` you could ask lexus . '' 
 `` have , '' i reply , the lie easily slipping from my lips , `` but he did n't tell me anything . '' 
 alex shrugs . 
 `` too bad . '' 
 i shrug too acting as though it was a big disappointment to me . 
 *** the rest of the day goes in a blur . 
 the new guy had indeed been assigned four extra artico guards in addition to his two destroyers , and they moved around him like sentries protecting a lost cargo of treasure , at times hiding him from view in their tight circle . 
 at break , nathan , fruz and albert caught up to me and asked if i had asked lexus about the new vampire . 
 i fed them the same lie i had sprouted to alex , and they seemed to believe it . 
 in turn , they informed me that none of their parents seemed to know and people are now speculating the new vampire is from the outside , at which point nathan nodded , proud that his fugitive theory had found ground . 
 at lunch , maxwell must have caught me glancing at the new guy more than i should have , because he hovered to our table , bent down to my height and whispered , `` do n't even think about approaching him . '' 
 nathan , fruz and albert pretended not to hear , but as soon as maxwell glided away - his muscular frame causing students to cower as he stalked past them - they all looked up at me expectantly . 
 pulling a reason out of thin air , i told them the guy might flip on me since he was probably not used to humans . 
 they considered this for a moment , before agreeing and launching into their own stories about when they had first met me and all they could think about was having a sip of my blood . 
 not something i wanted to hear . 
 nathan was all serious , while albert laid the sarcasm on pretty thick ; making gestures on how he would have held my neck while he drank the blood . 
 double science in the afternoon was more charged up than usual . 
 nathan ended up getting himself electrocuted when he used wet hands to set up his circuit . 
 to my disappointment , the new guy was n't in the class . 
 the others filled me in on how students tried to approach him , but he ignored them all , and in most cases his guards scared them away , and in one incident , one of the artico guards grabbed a student who got too close , causing the layman to break down in whimpers as he sobbed to be spared . 
 then finally , the school day ended . 
 *** i flick through my homework diary while i walk up to the car . 
 `` a stop at the library first , '' i say , pausing at the car door and glancing up at elis . 
 `` need to get some books . '' 
 elis nods , a slow dip of his head . 
 `` we will keep the visit short . '' 
 i frown . 
 `` why ? '' 
 elis ignores me and gets in the driver 's side . 
 i sigh and duck my head as i shuffle into the back seat . 
 maxwell enters last , sliding next to me and slamming the door shut behind him . 
 i play close attention to the vampires on the roads as we drive to the library , imagining one of them jumping at us , and dragging me out through the window before digging fangs into my neck . 
 i shake my head , throwing off my wild imagination . 
 i instead scan the list of books i might need for my assignments . 
 the library is several miles from the school . 
 a large victorian building with three floors , every floor endowed with rows and rows of bookshelves stocked with modern day books -lrb- written by vampires -rrb- to the old texts -lrb- written by the humans before us -rrb- and to the ancient texts . 
 elis parks the car at the back of the library and kills off the engine . 
 he swings his door open and gets out . 
 maxwell exits , moving his bulky frame through the door , cursing under his breath as his head hits the top . 
 i grab my bag and follow in his wake . 
 maxwell sniffs the air . 
 `` smells like old wood , '' he says . 
 i try to pick up the scent with a few sniffs of my own but get nothing . 
 the inside of the library is dimly lit with low powered bulbs that hang from the high ceiling like lamps . 
 we take a left , past a wide spiral staircase , and enter through a set of double doors leading to the ground area where all the modern day books are stacked . 
 the librarian , an old woman who is sitting behind the reception desk and sorting through books , looks up , and smiles as we walk past . 
 she does n't bother hiding her fangs , and flashes them in full view . 
 `` good evening , '' she says with a soft and velvety voice . 
 `` only the second group to come today , '' she adds as if waiting for us to say something along the lines of `` do n't worry , it 'll brighten up . '' 
 instead , i give her a tight smile and walk past her , glad to be out of sight of her intimidating evil smirk . 
 i flick through my diary again and glance up at the rows of bookshelves . 
 `` be right back , '' i say to elis and maxwell and i begin walking in the direction of row 3 , a large book shelf stretching all the way to the ceiling and reaching the other end of the wall like a tall maze . 
 i look over my shoulder to find that elis and maxwell have n't followed me . 
 maxwell seems to be talking animatedly , his large jaw moving up and down , while elis listens patiently . 
 i glance back at the list in my hand and walk into row three . 
 i start scanning the books on the shelves , looking for the geography text books i need . 
 after several minutes , convinced someone has already taken them out , i move onto the next row , and that is when i see him . 
 he 's bent down , his head tilted to the right , his fingers tracing the spine of a book . 
 behind him stand his two artico destroyers and four artico guards . 
 their eyes shift to me , but they make no move . 
 as i take a few more steps the vampire looks up , his shades reflect my image back at me . 
 we stare at each other for a few long moments . 
 then , he turns his gaze back to the book shelf . 
 i quickly evaluate my situation . 
 there are two artico destroyers behind him and four artico guards and elis and maxwell are just down the aisle . 
 this vampire does n't stand a chance if he flips on me . 
 so i take a risk . 
 i pretend to view the books on the shelves , and edge towards him at the same time . 
 when i get too close for comfort , he looks up and his brown hair falls in waves across his face . 
 i let out a sigh , feigning to show my annoyance at not finding a specific book . 
 `` books get taken pretty quick , '' i say , giving him a glance . 
 i keep my voice low less elis and maxwell over hear . 
 the new guy looks at the rows of books . 
 he does n't say anything at first , and i think he is just going to ignore me , just like he ignored everyone at school , but he surprises me by saying , `` you must be jake . '' 
 his voice is small and soft as if it has n't been used much . 
 `` uh ... yeah ... and you are ? '' 
 his artico guards look between us as if considering if they should intervene . 
 the new guy brushes his hair from his face and gets to his feet . 
 `` you can call me zack . '' 
 before i can reply a strong hand grabs my arm . 
 i look up , startled to see maxwell . 
 `` time to go , '' he says in a low voice . 
 i try to pull free , but his iron grip does n't budge , so instead , i resort to words , `` get off me ! '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i look back at the others as if expecting them to stick up for me , but they just stand motionless as though they could n't care less . 
 the new guy casually gets back on his knees and resumes perusing the books on the bottom shelf , tilting his head to the left as he reads the titles on the spines . 
 `` fine , '' i say through gritted teeth , and i allow maxwell to steer me away . 
 but at least i know the guy 's name . 
 some progress . 
 the dim lights over-head suddenly black out , sending us into darkness , and maxwell 's grip on my arm tightens , his fingers pressing into my skin . 
 i turn to him and open my mouth to say that it is probably a short fuse , but he clamps his hand over it in a lightning fast movement , pushing the words on my lips back down my throat . 
 i look at him in frustration . 
 he places a finger to his lips and shakes his head , just as the lights overhead glimmer back on . 
 i relax , but maxwell does n't withdraw his hand from my mouth or loosen his grip on my arm . 
 i 'm about to protest , but maxwell snaps his head to the right , staring at something down the aisle that has caught his attention . 
 i follow his gaze to see something round rolling in our direction like a bowling ball kicked with low force . 
 i frown , trying to figure out what the hell it is . 
 it seems to have white hairy strands attached to it and it leaves a red trail behind it . 
 my mouth falls open in shock as i realize what it is . 
 i watch in horror as it continues to roll , eyes still open , blood oozing from the wound where the head seemed to be cleanly sliced , white hair still up in a bun . 
 i feel bile building up in my throat as i stare at the librarians head . 
 the wrinkled head comes to a standstill , resting motionless on the floor , the lifeless eyes stare blankly forward . 
 and then , a growl pierces the silence . 
 chapter nine it is not the snarl of a vampire , nor is it the hungry growl of a wolf . 
 it is a sound i have never heard before , a sound out of this world . 
 it sends a trickle of cold sweat slithering down my neck and a shiver to resonate through my body like the plucking of draw strings on a guitar , drawn and brittle in tone . 
 my mouth suddenly feels dry as if all the liquid has been drained and sucked out , leaving behind nothing but crisp skin . 
 maxwell relinquishes his hold and elis pulls me backwards into the aisle . 
 i stumble on my feet and my cry of surprise gets caught in my throat . 
 elis steadies me with his firm hand and keeps me upright . 
 i look at the others , to see the new guy visibly shaking , his bottom lip trembling . 
 `` move it ! '' 
 elis issues the command at the other articos . 
 two of the articos hold the new guy by his arms and start to sprint down the aisle , the others close on their heels . 
 they take a right and disappear from view . 
 i jump as i hear several blood curdling guttural snarls and growls , the sound echoing off the library walls . 
 elis directs me in the same path the others took , and we both break into a run . 
 my heart hammers in my chest , thudding like the beating of drums . 
 a rush of adrenaline erupts through my body as i run with elis at my side , his hand now firmly around my arm . 
 i see the others disappear down a hallway . 
 i turn in that direction , but elis pulls me back and guides me into a different corridor . 
 the sharpness of the turn makes me trip over my feet , and i totter on the spot . 
 elis pauses and releases his hold on my arm . 
 i back up against a wall and slide down to the floor . 
 my breaths are ragged as i try to get my heart under control . 
 then the thought strikes me . 
 `` maxwell , '' i gasp , looking up at elis . 
 maxwell did n't come with us . 
 last time i saw him he was by my side . 
 `` my duty is to protect you , not maxwell , '' elis says , and he helps me back to my feet . 
 `` we need to get out of here . '' 
 he starts in a run and he gently prods me along until i start sprinting on my own , my lungs burning with every stride as they pump oxygen . 
 we turn into another hall way , one side of the wall is paneled with glass , stretching to the ceiling and giving us full view of the outside . 
 elis comes to a halt and turns to me . 
 i double over , spent and exhausted . 
 `` what the hell was that thing ? '' 
 i say , standing back up , but my legs wobble underneath me like jelly . 
 `` and why did we split up from the others ? '' 
 `` questions later , '' elis says . 
 he then glances sharply at the glass panel . 
 at first , i 'm not sure what has his attention . 
 i squint and then my eyes widen as i see a black shape hurtling towards us through the night sky , its arms stretched out , and legs tucked in . 
 i do n't get a chance to scream as it blasts through the glass , shattering it and sending shards shooting in every direction . 
 i duck , and fall to ground as glass explodes around me , showering all over the place like hail stones . 
 i roll across the floor and land on my back . 
 a look to my right reveals that elis has shielded me from the impact with his body , protecting me from the sharp fragments of glass . 
 i look just as the black shape lands several meters in front of us , blocking the entrance on the other side of the hallway . 
 it is crouched on the floor on all fours . 
 its skin , coated in a black fur , is laced with strands of shimmering white . 
 its large head is bowed , a narrow snout protruding towards the ground . 
 and then , it looks up , lifting its thick head in our direction . 
 my breath catches in my throat as fear twirls through my body , whirl winding all the way to my heart , and triggering my pulse into acceleration as the creature before me locks its gaze on mine . 
 it has two large oval eyes , a red slit running through the middle of each , and the eye itself glowing a midnight blue . 
 it pulls its lips back in a silent snarl , sharp teeth jut out from its gums , and a black tongue hisses out from the pits of its mouth . 
 i gulp , transfixed on the spot , as it rises upright and towers to over eight feet on its two hind legs that are fused with thick muscle and bone . 
 its thick , fury muscled arms , hang to its sides like slabs of concrete . 
 its large paws have lethal claws sprouting out from the skin . 
 elis spins so fast that he is a blur of black and gold . 
 he grabs me by my waist , and before a sound even escapes my throat , he torpedoes through the glass . 
 we go hurtling outside into the cold night , my own screams ring in my ears . 
 glass bites into my face , the jagged ends slicing into my pale skin . 
 the surroundings are a blur ; a mish mash of images spun around and around . 
 we fall with a thud , and my breath is knocked out of me , every ounce wasted and depleted . 
 i open my eyes to see stars twinkle down on me from the night sky above , the dots almost teasing me . 
 i realize i have fallen on top of elis , who has taken the brunt of the impact . 
 i slide off him , and hit the soft earth and the smell of dirt and grass wafts up my nose . 
 elis seems unscathed and he smoothly rises to his feet , moving towards me to check for any injuries . 
 i wave him away with my arm . 
 then , i hear a feral growl cut through the night air and i glance back at the library just as the creature explodes from the glass panel window , its blue demented eyes wide with hunger as it spirals through the air . 
 a growl rumbles through elis 's throat , the sound low and primal , and before i manage to get a chance to say anything , he leaps into the air , his mouth pulled back to reveal his fangs . 
 he clashes with the creature in mid-air , and snarls and growls echo through the night . 
 they both go tumbling onto the hard earth below , locked in a vicious embrace . 
 the creature lands atop of elis , its thick fury muscled arms pinning him to the ground , its snout wide open as a brutal growl resonates from the darkness of its mouth . 
 with a quick flash of his arms , elis pushes the creature off him , sending it reeling back . 
 elis careens into the creature at blinding speed , striking it from different angles . 
 i catch the flash of a blade followed by a spray of red . 
 the creature falls back , a knife protrudes from its broad shoulder , and it tilts its head back and roars an agonising harsh screech . 
 i cover my ears as the noise threatens to explode my ear drums . 
 i stagger to my feet just as the creature pounces again . 
 it barrels towards elis , its jagged teeth gleaming under the moon light . 
 it swipes at elis with its clawed paws . 
 elis gracefully steps aside , but a follow through paw knocks him back . 
 and the creature springs . 
 it pins elis to the earth , its forearms and hind legs weighing down on his body . 
 the creature bends down , mouth open , teeth inches away from elis 's throat . 
 elis holds the creature back with both his arms and turns his head in my direction . 
 `` get to the car and go ! '' 
 there is strain in his voice as he keeps the creature away from his throat . 
 despite the situation , elis 's light blue eyes seem focused and calm and his body seems to be under little stress . 
 i hesitate , frozen in place by shock and fear , until elis screams again . 
 `` go ! 
 my body kicks into action , working on its own accord as my limbs spark back to life . 
 i sprint to the car parked across the road , my legs pumping as my muscles work their gears . 
 i almost slam into the side door as i reach it . 
 i refuse to look back as the growls of the creature cut through the air behind me . 
 i take a spare key out of my pocket in trembling hands . 
 i open the door , get in , and gun the engine . 
 *** i 'm accelerating down the road . 
 buildings blur by . 
 lexus taught me how to drive years ago , but right now i struggle to keep the car straight . 
 it must be down to my nerves and the reality of the situation i 'm in . 
 i ignore the stabbing guilt of leaving elis behind . 
 i can only hope he somehow managed to escape . 
 i drive with a disturbed frenzy , like a crazy driver who has lost his mind . 
 i almost go careening into a building when i take a sharp turn , just avoiding the structure by a foot or two . 
 i release my foot on the gas pedal slightly and i almost lose my grip on the steering wheel when something thuds on top of the car . 
 i scream and slump into my seat . 
 i stare up at the car 's ceiling with wide eyes . 
 there is the sound of screeching as if something is digging its claws across the roof . 
 i turn my eyes back on the road , peeping just above the dashboard from my slumped posture . 
 i then spin the car sharply to the right . 
 from the rear view mirror i catch the glimpse of something go hurtling from the car , its dark frame disappearing as it hits the concrete road . 
 i take a deep breath , and push my foot on the accelerator . 
 *** i try not to think about the creature at the library and the dark shape that was thrown off the roof of my car , and instead , i keep my focus on the road with one aim on my mind : get to the manor alive . 
 with only a few blocks away from the safety of the manor , i turn into a main road . 
 the short cut i was hoping for is nowhere to be seen , and the road is blocked with crates of bricks left for building work . 
 i turn abruptly and hit the brake at the same time . 
 i was going too fast , and the sudden turn and brake causes the car to veer to one side . 
 the air bags go off in my face like balloons and my grip on the steering wheel loosens . 
 the car topples to the right and i hit my head against the window . 
 a sharp pain bursts through my skull , blinding me as fire engulfs my senses . 
 and everything goes still . 
 i open my eyes to find the plastic of the airbag pressed up against my face . 
 i push it away , and try to sit up . 
 i realize the car is overturned on its side , but the windows are still intact from the impact . 
 i take a deep breath and wince as a sharp pain flares across the right side of my head . 
 i stand up on shaky legs , and blink up into the darkness . 
 i stretch and push the door open . 
 i grip the frame and heave myself out and onto the top of the car . 
 i slide off the car , and walk blindly across the road until i fall to the ground and my knees thud against the concrete . 
 all energy is sapped from my body and the sharp pain in my head is throbbing like crazy . 
 `` my oh my , what do we have here . '' 
 i raise my head , slowly , as tendrils of fear coil around my neck . 
 standing several feet away from me , half hidden within the shadows of a building , red eyes alight , is a vampire . 
 he steps out into view and my eyes dart to his top hat and then to his top hat , and with a sudden coldness that hits the core of my heart like a glacier , i realize it is the vampire who had blocked the road the day when my finger was bleeding . 
 the vampire takes several steps towards me , his movements smooth and graceful , unrushed and steady . 
 i force myself into a standing position , lurching backwards on unsteady feet . 
 the vampire pauses and flashes an evil smirk . 
 `` it was always better when they ran . 
 oh the hunt that followed . 
 nothing like it , '' he purrs as his lips curve into a malicious smirk . 
 his eyes take a distant look as if he is remembering something from his past . 
 `` you ca n't touch me , '' i say instantly , but the words are weak and the darkness and its coldness seems to whistle its objection . 
 `` oh is that so ? 
 think old lexus will come to save you ? '' 
 the vampire glances around at the deserted streets , conveying his point quite clearly . 
 he then fixes his gaze back on me . 
 his long beard bristles as a gust of wind blows against him . 
 `` the aroma that is coming off you right now '' - he licks his lips with his tongue - `` half the vampires in the area will be here in no time . '' 
 his eyes flicker to my head . 
 i quickly touch the side of my head and my hand comes away with blood , dark red and coppery . 
 and it is fresh . 
 the vampires smirk widens . 
 `` been a long time , it really has . '' 
 his eyes flash crimson , his fangs jut out , but before he can pounce at me , he is tackled from behind . 
 i stare in numb shock and surprise to see elis ; his clothes are torn and caked with dry blood . 
 he has the vampire around the neck . 
 the vampire snarls , the sound savage and strained as his wind pipe is constricted . 
 he tries to claw at elis 's hands , but his movements are sluggish as the life is sapped out of him . 
 `` run ! '' 
 elis growls , his blue eyes alert . 
 he yanks the vampires head backwards with a sickening crack . 
 i turn tail and sprint for my life . 
 *** my lungs pump acid , my muscles strain under the exertion , and adrenalin surges through my veins . 
 i run pass several vampires on the streets who cock their heads curiously in my direction , but to my relief , they do not give chase . 
 i have my hand pressed against the side of my head , stemming the flow of blood . 
 i 'm not sure how bad the wound is , only that i have to get out of here . 
 i turn into a narrow alley . 
 the map of the town is vaguely etched in my mind . 
 the manor is not far from here , just a few roads away . 
 i sprint , using every ounce of energy my body can provide . 
 then , something blocks the pathway , a shadow falling from a roof . 
 i stop , almost staggering . 
 i squint into the darkness and my heartbeat quickens . 
 i take a step back as the shadow moves in my direction . 
 `` come on . '' 
 relief floods through me as i recognize elis 's voice . 
 he comes closer , and under the moon light i see him fully . 
 a new scar runs down the side of his face , but apart from that he has n't sustained any new injuries . 
 `` we need to move fast , '' he whispers . 
 he grabs me with two arms , ignoring my protests and throws me over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes . 
 the next instance , we are traveling at break neck speed , the surroundings are a blur as elis careens through the night . 
 we stop almost instantly and elis puts me back on my feet . 
 i sway on the spot , dazed by the experience , my mind swirling around in circles . 
 elis holds my arm and pilots me through the manor 's gates . 
 we walk along the path and up to the entrance . 
 the artico guards stiffen when they see me and their eyes flicker to my head . 
 `` initiate lockdown , '' elis says , his voice ringing with authority . 
 the two artico guards exchange glances and look at elis 's torn clothes , but they nod and disappear into the darkness of the manor 's grounds . 
 `` i 'm going to leave you in your room . 
 do not let anyone in unless it is me , '' elis says as we take the first flight of stairs . 
 i stop and inhale sharply . 
 `` you need to tell me what 's going on . '' 
 an image of the creature we had encountered at the library flashes through my mind . 
 `` and what the hell was that thing ? '' 
 `` get some rest today , tomorrow i will answer you best i can . '' 
 `` where 's lexus ? 
 has he come back yet ? '' 
 if lexus is here i know everything will be fine . 
 `` no , '' elis says and begins to march me up the stairs . 
 i 'm exhausted and worn out , so i follow him without argument . 
 elis comes to a halt . 
 and i look up to see gregory standing in the hallway . 
 chapter ten his eyes move from elis and then to me . 
 they then slowly progress to my head . 
 his gaze stays there until elis steps in front of me . 
 a pang of sadness rips through my insides , slicing arteries and veins along its path . 
 regardless of how many times gregory and i had spent alone , we will never be the same . 
 he will always be a vampire , and i , the weak prey . 
 the thirst will always be there for him no matter how much he is able to suppress it . 
 gregory shakes his head as if snapping out of a daze . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he says to elis though his eyes drift over me , his usual self now reflected in the grey arises . 
 `` long story , '' elis says with a shake of his head . 
 `` i have initiated lockdown . '' 
 gregory stares at elis . 
 he cocks his head to one side , and gives elis a once over . 
 i glance at elis 's ripped uniform marred with dried blood . 
 the scar on his face is fading as his accelerated healing works its wonders . 
 `` it must be serious by the looks of it , '' gregory finally says . 
 he nods his head and moves to one side . 
 `` i 'll meet you downstairs . '' 
 elis nods , giving him a sidelong glance , and marches me to my room . 
 i notice he stays between me and gregory like a shield and i try not to think too much of it , but a ball of sadness begins to blossom in my stomach . 
 even though i do n't look up and keep my eyes to the floor , gregory 's stare burns into the back of my head , and i know that for the past years i have deluded myself ; most of them will always see me as food and nothing will change that fact . 
 those who do n't will always have the hunger and their moments of weakness . 
 we pause by my door and i take a black key out of my pocket . 
 i glance over my shoulder to find gregory is gone . 
 `` keep your door locked at all times . 
 do not open it in any circumstance unless it is me . 
 i 'll bring something up for you to eat in a short while , '' elis says , he glances over his shoulder as though he has heard something . 
 `` and clean the blood up . '' 
 he turns back towards me and i suddenly realize he must be craving for my blood . 
 given all the wounds he must have taken fighting the creature and that wayward vampire , he must be starving . 
 i nod my head once and unlock my door . 
 i step into the warmth of my room . 
 i catch one last glimpse of elis , before closing and locking the door . 
 the reinforced titanium bars slide securely into place , giving me a safety net . 
 lexus had my whole room built with titanium . 
 the door is unbreakable . 
 so are the walls , the floor and the ceiling , and the windows are bomb proof . 
 so everything is vampire proof . 
 my closet is stocked up with food supplies in case a scenario like this ever arose . 
 i wince at the pain on the side of my head . 
 i amble towards the bathroom and turn the taps on . 
 i catch my reflection in the mirror . 
 my face is drawn and shiny with sweat , and a part of my hair is mingled with blood . 
 i turn away from my reflection and wash my face . 
 i ignore the stinging from my wound and put my head under the tap . 
 i close my eyes as cold water bounces off the cut . 
 i trudge back to my bedroom , take my med kit out from under my bed and clean the slash before applying a bandage around it . 
 i fall back on my bed with exhaustion . 
 my head is pounding and my muscles ache . 
 my eyelids feel heavy and my breathing slows . 
 i vaguely hear something hammering against my door , but i 'm too tired to do anything , and i drift off into a dreamless sleep . 
 *** my eyes flutter open , and i shield them from the bright rays of sun burning against my face . 
 i must have forgotten to put the blinds up . 
 i prop myself up on my elbows , my muscles protesting at the movement . 
 in a sudden rush of images , the events from yesterday come flooding back to me ; the library , the creature , the attack by the vampire , gregory 's stares . 
 i sigh and force myself off my bed . 
 i linger by the door , wondering if i should open it . 
 elis 's warning bounces around it my head : do not open it in any circumstances . 
 so i stand there , like an idiot , staring at the door handle wondering what i should do . 
 my lips feel parched and dry , and i realize i have n't eaten or drank anything for hours . 
 my stomach rumbles as if giving me a gentle reminder to feed it . 
 i consider eating something from the stockpiles in my closet . 
 `` open up . 
 it 's me . '' 
 the voice catches me off guard , and my heart falters with the surprise . 
 but it is only elis . 
 with a deep breath , i gingerly open the door . 
 the first thing i spot is a minor mark in the titanium on the outside of the door . 
 i frown and look up at elis who is standing several feet away . 
 then , understanding dawns upon me . 
 someone must have lost control over the scent of my blood , and must have tried to come after me while i slept . 
 i vaguely remember the sound of something pounding on the door . 
 `` you must be hungry . '' 
 elis looks much better than yesterday . 
 he 's wearing a black shirt with the top button undone , along with grey trousers and black boots . 
 the scar on his face is gone , and the skin is smooth and good as new . 
 `` yeah , '' i reply , and then gesture to the mark on the door . 
 `` who did this ? '' 
 `` one of the vampires turned feral , '' he says , his voice cool and calm . 
 `` so ... what happened exactly ? '' 
 he ignores me and begins to walk down the hallway , his feet almost gliding along the floor . 
 `` come on , '' he calls over his shoulder . 
 i sprint after him , thinking it is probably best if i do n't know what happened . 
 i follow elis down the stairs and into the kitchen . 
 i stop in shock as i see maxwell standing in the shade , away from the sun 's rays that are beating through the uncovered window . 
 i open my mouth to talk but elis places a hand on my shoulder . 
 `` eat first , questions later . '' 
 i nod numbly and saunter over to the fridge . 
 usually the maid leaves some frozen food for me , but today there 's nothing . 
 `` what 's up with the maid , '' i say , breaking the silence , only for it to engulf the kitchen again . 
 `` want me to cook you something ? '' 
 elis says . 
 i turn the offer down , not wanting to create a fuss . 
 i pour myself a glass of milk and bowl of cereal , and sit myself at the kitchen table . 
 i glance up at elis and maxwell , who are staring at nothing in particular . 
 they do n't have their shades on , and it 's the first time i have seen maxwell 's eyes . 
 they are yellow . 
 i actually find myself smiling at that . 
 out of all the colors , yellow ? 
 i stuff a spoonful of cereal into my mouth and it is only then i realize how hungry i actually am . 
 i shovel the rest of the cereal into my mouth like a starved banshee until i have rinsed my plate clean . 
 i push my empty plate away , feeling refreshed . 
 `` you said you 'd answer my questions , '' i say , looking directly at elis . 
 elis nods , his face calm and impassive , `` but i did n't say i will answer them all . 
 but considering the events that have transpired , it is best if you know the truth to some extent . '' 
 i feel a stab of annoyance at his tactics , but rush on to the first question , `` what was that thing ? '' 
 `` that was a creature from the shadow zone , '' elis replies in flat voice . 
 `` why was it after me ? '' 
 `` it was n't , until it found out you were human . '' 
 `` then , who was it ... '' i trail off as the answer presents itself in my head like a bright red cherry atop of a cake . 
 `` the creature was after the new guy ? '' 
 elis nods in affirmation . 
 i turn my gaze to my empty plate , before looking back up and asking my next question , `` how did it get here ? 
 and where is it now ? 
 and why was it after the new guy ? 
 and what is the new guy doing here ? '' 
 maxwell rubs his chin , his black beard thick and coarse . 
 `` it somehow slipped through the borders unnoticed . '' 
 he exchanges a quick glance with elis , and unspoken words pass between them . 
 `` i initially kept it at bay , elis held it off . 
 we regrouped and killed it . '' 
 `` as for why it was after the new guy , mind taking a guess ? '' 
 elis says politely . 
 my mind is buzzing with maxwell 's words , and it takes a moment for elis 's words to register . 
 `` how am i supposed to know ? 
 i snap . 
 `` you said he was a fugitive , they were trying to take him or something ? '' 
 `` yes , they were trying to reclaim him . 
 but have you wondered why he had been assigned protection ? '' 
 elis says , ignoring my rude attitude . 
 `` so he does n't eat me ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` then what ? '' 
 `` he 's human . '' 
 it takes several moments for the words to hammer home , and when they do , my jaw drops open . 
 `` no way . '' 
 elis walks over and takes the seat opposite me , placing his elbows on the table . 
 `` the kron vampires initially held him prisoner . 
 they were using him as a blood harvest machine . 
 lexus rescued him and bought him here . '' 
 i sit up straight and swallow the shock . 
 `` so ... how did they get him ? 
 and how was he rescued ? '' 
 the words ` blood harvest ' echo around in my mind . 
 so they had been using him as ... as a blood bank ? 
 `` lexus undertook the rescue himself . 
 so to speak , he took him from under their noses , '' elis says . 
 `` of course the krons eventually figured it out , but they never knew who kidnapped him . 
 it seems they know now or at least have a good idea . '' 
 `` so they sent those creatures to get him back ? '' 
 my voice comes out as a small whisper . 
 elis brow creases and he nods . 
 `` yes . 
 and that is the most disturbing part . 
 somehow , the kron vampires have forged an alliance with the valkyries . '' 
 seeing my stunned and confused expression , elis elaborates , `` the shadow zone is home to various mutated creatures . 
 when the humans were waging wars , nations used biological and chemical weapons against one another . 
 they also used human weapons . '' 
 he pauses and glances out the window . 
 the sun is setting in the sky , and orange and yellow flames are spreading across the horizon . 
 `` the creature you encountered is a by-product of the actions of humans , '' elis says turning his gaze back to me . 
 `` once those creatures were humans , but radiation exposure has altered them into monsters . 
 `` the shadow zone is cloaked with an impenetrable mist of darkness . 
 the creatures that reside their sparsely leave the confine of the mist that surrounds them . '' 
 i try to gather my scattered thoughts , which are blowing around in my mind like gust blown flower petals . 
 `` how come these humans ... i mean creatures , how come they do n't come after us ? '' 
 `` the shadow zone is their home . 
 most importantly , they can not bear sunlight . 
 we leave them in peace and they return the act , '' elis says . 
 `` the events of recent have shown this unspoken law has been altered . '' 
 i do n't know how long we sit there in silence , deep in our own thoughts . 
 i think about zack . 
 he was assigned protection for his own sake ; he wore shades because his eyes were not red rimmed ; he kept a distance from everyone less someone figure him out , he never spoke in case it gave him away . 
 it all makes sense now . 
 `` so this was the issue lexus was referring to ? '' 
 i say as the pieces fit in place . 
 zack was n't the threat , but the kron vampires were , and my proximity to zack would have placed me in danger . 
 so that was why lexus told me to keep away from zack . 
 `` yes , '' elis says . 
 i nod , and ask him about lexus . 
 elis scratches his chin with one long finger . 
 `` he departed without notifying us of the reason . '' 
 `` so you do n't know ? '' 
 elis and maxwell shake their heads . 
 `` how about gregory ? '' 
 `` he knows as much as us , '' elis says , though his tone is careful . 
 i stuff my hands in my pockets , and feel something smooth brush against my fingertips . 
 i take out the sheet of paper . 
 it is the note that lexus had left me . 
 i look back at elis , `` what did he say in the letter he gave you ? '' 
 for a moment i think he is not going to tell me , but to my surprise he extracts a letter from his own pocket . 
 `` here , '' he says , handing it to me . 
 i take it , and slowly unfold the paper . 
 elis when this letter reaches you i will be gone . 
 i can not give a time frame in when i will be back . 
 but in my absence , take care of jake as though he is your own kith and kin . 
 watch over him and make sure he comes to no harm . 
 keep him away from zack . 
 it will only place jake in vital danger . 
 i have left gregory to handle affairs in my absence . 
 he will make sure the borders are kept under tight watch . 
 if something goes wrong in my absence , elis , do what you think is best . 
 but never let harm come to jake . 
 lexus i place the letter back on the table , my insides cold and brittle , and stare at it in silence . 
 i sigh and look back at elis , who had been gazing at me intently . 
 `` so what now ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` the events of yesterday were handled by the artico guards . 
 they spun a story about a vampire going feral , killing the librarian , and rampaging after you , '' elis explains . 
 `` as far as everyone 's concerned , it was a case of a feral vampire . '' 
 `` so no one knows what actually happened ? '' 
 `` aside from a select few , the population is ignorant . 
 there were several witnesses , but they will remain silent . '' 
 `` so what happens now ? '' 
 elis and maxwell exchange a glance . 
 `` now ? '' 
 elis repeats , he glances at his watch before looking back up at me , a smile building across his lips . 
 `` it is time for you to go to school . '' 
 at first i think he is joking , but when he does n't say anything , i think he is serious . 
 `` you ca n't be serious ? '' 
 maxwell chuckles and weaves his fingers through his short beard . 
 `` like i said , everyone believes everything is normal . 
 so yes , i am serious , '' elis says with a hint of a smile . 
 `` what about the creatures ? 
 or the kron vampires ? 
 how about zack ? '' 
 elis 's features turn serious . 
 `` we will take each day as it comes . 
 it may mean war , because the kron vampires will never rest until they reclaim zack . '' 
 i nod , the reality of the situation dawning upon me . 
 `` where is zack now ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` on his way to school i believe , so you should get ready less you wish to be late , '' elis says getting to his feet . 
 `` do n't worry about lexus . 
 he is much cleverer than you think . '' 
 i push my chair back and stand up . 
 i look between elis and maxwell with a smirk playing across my lips . 
 `` so which one of you blood suckers is driving ? '' 
 maxwell points a finger at elis and we both burst out laughing . 
 elis arches an eyebrow at us , but joins in the banter with a rich laugh of his own , creating a moment of light in the darkness of the situation . 
 but i know dark times lie ahead of us all . 
 the end 
