 tales of revelation & despair book one : tales of revelation book two : tales of despair by desirèe c’est moi copyright 2015 desiree c’est moi photo : cimetere montmartre copyright 2015 desirèe c’est moi smashwords edition smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 recommendations if you enjoy tales of revelation and despair please recommend it to others , leave a review , and follow me on my blog infinite i at www.atthebaseofblackhill.wordpress.com . 
 your pleasure and support are integral to this work and all future projects . 
 your words are powerful , share them and others will listen . 
 many thanks ! 
 yours cordially , - desirèe c’est moi , 11 table of contents : prologue book one : tales of revelation prince of the lonely crown monk of the ivory tower the leopard lily the silver slippers little boy blue the boy who would be king the conjuror 's tale book two : tales of despair wild like the woods the woodwind instrument the broken-hearted lover the lady of the river rent the house of blight the corruption the girl who wrestled bears about the author prologue tales of revelation and despair on sabbatical in paris , where i lived alone , holed-up in a tiny apartment in montmartre behind the moulin rouge , all waking and sleeping , i wrote , wrote , wrote . 
 everything i dreamed and thought and saw and felt , i wrote . 
 in the cemeteries and byways of underground paris , that is where they were born , the tales of revelation . 
 but revelations are only projections . 
 they exist before the beginning . 
 it was in revelation that i knew my own desire . 
 once past revelation there is despair , the end or near-end of a particular vision . 
 despair is among the many results of actions begun at the glorious height of revelation . 
 despair is the place where vision and action accumulate . 
 if revelation is above actuality , a kind of ideal , and if doing is the attempt at enacting what is revealed , then despair is the actual product of the two . 
 in despair is loss , the fallen ideal , the imagination that could not be fleshed out . 
 in the rare case of ideal and action being equal to each other , then despair is what comes at the height of fulfillment , another end . 
 in despair , i lost all revelation . 
 that part of me there , it 's still in despair . 
 despair took what my visions had given . 
 still , despair , of the two , has been a rarer gift than the rapturous heights of revelation . 
 in all the chaos of loss and unknowing there is substance . 
 the enactment is greater than the vision because it is , actual . 
 and because the choices made and the ones who stayed beyond despair , all were done by force of will and not some default of fateful injunction . 
 tales of revelation and despair is a collection of fairy tales divided into two books written three years apart , each book containing seven tales , all hard won and enduring . 
 prince of the lonely crown book one : tales of revelation have you heard of the shadow prince , who wastes away beside the golden pond , his beauty slipping into the woe-be-gone ? 
 have you heard of the moonlit face that nightly presses against the cold glass pane , born into a world of not-belong ? 
 which the shadow and which the man ? 
 this is a tale of the shadowlands . 
 in an ancient village , at the forest edge , where the river wends , and curls , and bends deep into the woods beyond lived a people rich in a terrible tradition . 
 the wood was dark , the happenings strange , and stranger still was the ancient forest peopled by another kind of men . 
 fairies or ferrymen , they are known by many names , but in the ancient forest where the villagers lived they were called the shadow men . 
 shadow men , because they lived in the deep , dark wood ; shadow men , because they were rarely seen , though they stood not a foot from your toes ; shadow men , because they were known to take in nightly raids whatsoever they may desire . 
 and so , when a thing of value went missing -- `` it 's the shadow men ! '' 
 when a child was wasting -- `` it 's the shadow men ! '' 
 when a drunkard stumbled into the dark forest and drowned in some way-by stream , it must be the shadow men . 
 one day , a boy child of rare beauty was born in the village at a rare moment when the sun and moon both shared the sky as equals . 
 the villagers flashed knowing looks and bolted their doors with iron and whispered that the shadow men would be by that night . 
 `` mark my words ! '' 
 exclaimed a niggardly crone to no one . 
 but the new mother , who was a stranger to the village , lay crooning to her newborn babe with irrepressible joy . 
 one of the farmer 's wives took pity on the new mother and gave her shelter in one tiny corner above the barn , all the while shaking her head like all the rest . 
 `` wait , '' called the new mother to the farmer 's wife as she turned to leave . 
 `` wait , i want to thank you for taking us in when no one else would . '' 
 the farmer 's wife nodded and turned to leave again . 
 `` wait , '' called the new mother again . 
 `` why does everyone look at me so strangely ? 
 is it because i am a stranger amongst you ? 
 or because i have borne this child alone ? '' 
 the lady of the house pointed out the window . 
 the golden rays of the sinking sun had nested in its dwindling light a dark moon . 
 `` i do n't understand , '' said the new mother innocently . 
 the lady of the house sighed . 
 `` he is crossed my dear . 
 a child born when the moon rests in the eye of the sun is born without his shadow . '' 
 `` without his shadow ? '' 
 echoed the new mother . 
 the farmer 's wife nodded . 
 `` the shadow men will come for him , '' she said , matter-of-factly , then she turned yet again to go . 
 `` wait ! 
 the shadow men ? 
 what are they ? 
 and why would they steal my newborn babe ? '' 
 `` because he is only the shape and none of the spirit , that 's why . 
 born to you was a son , born to them was his shadow . 
 your child will not live above a year . 
 if truth be told , he is double-crossed for he is beautiful . 
 no such beauty was meant for this world . 
 they will not leave such beauty behind when they are on the raid . 
 if i were you i would lay him down and not look on him again . '' 
 the farmer 's wife left without another word and the new mother curled around her too-quiet babe and wept for what she was so covetous to keep . 
 but she would sleep . 
 and while she slept , the shadow men crept . 
 one among the shadow men gave birth that day to a shadow babe . 
 the shadow men have no children but the shadows of the babes-of-flesh . 
 two babes born of one design . 
 the shadow mother was out on the raid that night . 
 the barn window slid back with a flick of her wrist and a cool beam of moonlight leapt into the room and kissed the child upon the forehead . 
 the shadow mother saw what beauty there lay and snatched the boy from the cradle of his mother 's arms , taking him back to the forest where the shadow men live to raise the boy as one of their own . 
 in his place she slipped the shadow . 
 when morning broke , the mother felt the child in the nest of her arms and kissed what she loved so well . 
 when it came time for a changing , however , the mother noticed the change , the he now a shadow she ; her babe now a changeling . 
 but what matter ? 
 the babe was hers , it was hers , and she loved it well ! 
 and the child lived far beyond the year . 
 meanwhile , that selfsame day the miners of the deep earth found at its core a stone in the shape of a heart and blood-red in color . 
 it gave off a radiant light that pulsed and throbbed like a human heart until it was plucked , after which it ceased to give off light though it was still beautiful beyond words . 
 the shadow men set it in a crown of silver filigree . 
 when the raid was done and the boy came to rest in the circle of the shadow men , the crown was placed upon his head . 
 he was prince ! 
 he was prince ! 
 what a beautiful prince ! 
 and what a dance the shadow men made in their wild rounds . 
 so the boy grew up in the shadowlands , well worshiped and adored . 
 he danced with delight at the shadow and light by which the will-o-wisps led and mislead under cover of night . 
 he did what he liked and he did it all well , and yet , secretly , he felt a longing in his still-human heart . 
 as the boy grew , he began to wander from the rivers and ponds of his home in search of that great mystery . 
 the more the prince looked the more he felt the loss of that missing thing and over time his restlessness grew to despair . 
 while it was natural for a changeling to die quickly among humans , it was unheard of that the same should be true of a human among the shadow men . 
 but do what the shadow men may to cheer him , the prince could not be cheered and he began to waste away , his eyes cast into the still pond where he saw only his own reflection , which mocked him with the shadow of the something he longed and was dying for . 
 as for the shadow child , she was hated and reviled . 
 `` she ought not have been let to live beyond that day ! '' 
 howled the old crone to anyone who would listen . 
 `` hush old woman ! 
 she will call the shadow men down upon us ! '' 
 `` she is unnatural ! 
 see how she throbs with an unnatural power ! '' 
 `` yes ! 
 a shadow power ! '' 
 `` a witch 's power ! '' 
 `` unnatural ! '' 
 `` it must be done ! '' 
 what must be done was also born of that fearsome tradition . 
 the legends handed down by an earlier , more fearful , more terrible ancestry , told that the beating heart should be carved from the breast , replaced with a heart of stone , and the body drowned in the river , where the weight of the stone would keep it from ever resurfacing . 
 one night , when the villagers had worked their jowls into a lather , foaming with the heads of many ales , they summoned a coward 's courage , known only to drunks and rabble rousers , and raided the home of the shadow child . 
 they beat down the door with a woodsman 's ax and ripped the shadow girl from her bed , stripped her clothes , gagged her mouth , bound up her hands and legs . 
 by torch light they dragged her by the hair , across the rocky ground and through the village square . 
 the barbed twine chocking her ankles and wrists , the hard , knotted twists , in one long train of bloody stain down the village square . 
 with jabs and kicks from legs and sticks they dragged the naked girl to the river 's edge . 
 no mother 's cry could be heard over the riot of terror ; no screams from the girl whose face contorted into the gruesomest shapes of awfulest pain . 
 no sound when , pinning her down , they sunk an iron knife into the cavern of her chest , carving out from her young bare breast , her beating heart . 
 her eyes were wild with terror when the lifeblood dripped away , and the villagers began , one by one , to look soberly on what they had done , and ashamed , they wandered , one by one , toward home , one or another speaking under their breath that it had to be done , and that someone had to do it . 
 the ritual was nearly completed by the few who remained , placing in the cavity of her chest , the heart of stone . 
 but even they cowed before the wailing mother and ran to hide in the darkness . 
 the mother , bereaved of two babes from one birth , kissed her child upon the head and closed , with her mother 's hands , the gentle eyes that had seen true horror . 
 she would rest now , as the mother placed her on a white , low-lying boat and sent her down the river , whispering beneath her breath , a prayer to the shadow men . 
 the tiny boat floated down the river into the deep darkness of the wood until finally , it slipped quietly into the still pond of the prince . 
 the prince stared on into the pool at the edge of death , the pregnant moon looking mournfully upon him in his hidden bower , when from the darkness a white vessel disrupted the waters and broke the spell of the prince 's own reflective gaze . 
 what was this ? 
 a lily-white hand like his own dipped limply into the water . 
 gathering what little remained of his strength the prince drew the vessel toward him and peered inside . 
 there it was , in the low-lying boat . 
 oh ! 
 but what a rare kind of beauty . 
 he knew it at once , the answer to the great mystery that had haunted all of his days . 
 the prince reached into the vessel and pulled the lovely creature out onto the soft scented grass . 
 she seemed to be sleeping , so the prince spoke gently to her so as not to wake her too suddenly . 
 then he held her hand trying to warm it with his own , but no matter how long he held and rubbed it , her hand never seemed to warm . 
 then he kissed the pale lips to rouse her that way , but no lips kissed back and no rush of red flushed her cheek . 
 at last the prince thought he would hold her in his arms and rouse her with an embrace . 
 it was then that the prince saw the hollow in her chest and the stone lodged crudely in its crevice . 
 the prince was struck with unimaginable horror , and suddenly desperate to share in that death , took down his silver crown and placed it on the grass beside her . 
 from the corner of his eye , he saw the faintest glimmer of light pulse from the core of the red stone . 
 the prince thought it must be a trick of the moon playing with him as the moon often did . 
 but again , a flicker of light pulsed a brighter red . 
 the prince watched , and a third time the red stone throbbed . 
 but the prince neither knew nor cared what it meant . 
 he only looked at the lovely creature beside him on the sweet scented grass and in a terrible rage , tore out the heart of stone , flinging it out of sight and crying softly over her open breast . 
 thinking how beautiful the heartstone would look in place of that emptiness , he plucked the red jewel from his silver crown and slid it tenderly where once had beat a living heart . 
 then he laid himself down again , taking the lovely creature 's hand in his to wait for death . 
 as he lay , he seemed to dream that death had come for him at last , and all he need do was kiss death 's lips . 
 so he kissed ; and death kissed back . 
 so sweet was the kiss that he reached up and kissed death again ; again , sweetly , death kissed back . 
 then , ready , he breathed out the breath of life , but death only breathed it back . 
 new life , not death ! 
 the jewel of his crown was the beat , beat , beat in her breast . 
 no more did he gaze into the glassy pond , no longer did he slip into the woe-be-gone . 
 long he sought , and shadow found , the form and force of love profound . 
 monk of the ivory tower `` plink '' , `` plunk '' drip-dropped the water from the ceiling of the underground passageway . 
 it made the pale clay of the earth slick and difficult to walk on , yet down went the monk , down the earthen corridor spiraling out of sight to the lowest point . 
 even from a distance the monk could see the light from the brazier that stayed always lit and cast an otherworldly glow upon the turquoise of the well . 
 each day , down to the well the monk walked to fill two buckets with water , which he carried on a halter across his shoulders . 
 each day , down to the well and then up the steep white shaft of the tower , up to the clouds at the very tip top where the monk spent his days in reflection . 
 he was n't a monk in any religious sense , rather he was a poet and a philosopher and he sealed himself up one day in the great ivory tower , dressed in a deep hooded cloak spun from the wool of white sheep . 
 devoted entirely to his thoughts the monk had ceased to notice the things that were everywhere about him , but instead seemed to see through them to things unseen . 
 it so happened that beneath the tower , in a well dug deep in the earth , lived another kind of creature . 
 it was a creature of such rapturous beauty that looking upon it had summoned a hundred souls into that warm liquid world of sweet delight , where there followed a pleasure so keen that none were ever seen to reemerge again . 
 this creature had the body of a young man except that thereabout the top of the thigh he became more fish than man and had instead of legs a long silvery sheath that ended in a pair of magnificent translucent fins that seemed to catch the flames of the firelight as they floated in the water . 
 such was the beauty of this creature which could tempt a soul from its body that it had never met its equal and living on the underside of the mirror as it were , had never seen itself . 
 day after day the monk strode barefooted on the slippery clay and plunged his buckets into the well . 
 as he saw through things rather than at them , each time he looked down he failed to notice the beautiful face that looked back up at him from the underside of the mirrored waters . 
 the creature was puzzled by the hooded figure who seemed immune to desire . 
 the more the monk saw past the creature , the more the creature sought his attention . 
 one day as the monk descended the moist , slippery corridor underground he chanced to slip . 
 the fall to the floor shocked the monk exceedingly , whose thoughts had been elsewhere , and he looked about himself as though for the first time . 
 he noticed the pale wash of the clay on his hands and feet , the moisture that oozed from the walls and caught the fire of the brazier in its reflection , and the cool and breezy thickness of the air . 
 the sensation was wondrous and novel . 
 the monk stood up with his cowl fallen back and plunged his hands into the turquoise water to wash the clay from them . 
 when the pale cloud cleared the monk , now curious , looked into the still waters and saw for the first time someone looking back at him . 
 the monk was startled , but transfixed , as was the face that looked up at him . 
 the monk leapt back , and the creature leapt back . 
 the monk peered down , and the creature peered up . 
 the monk , enthralled with looking at the one who was also looking , looked again and began to sink head first into the well . 
 before he could penetrate the liquid horizon the creature lifted itself from the water so that its human form rose up into the air above . 
 captivated yet terrified the monk stood immobilized , lost in the in-between of rushing forward and running backward . 
 unable to go back to where he had come from , and unwilling to plunge the depths , sweet succor though such a death would be , the monk and the creature remained face to face trapped in an ever-present moment . 
 the brazier burned and the water cooled . 
 each to the other wished to reveal his secret . 
 each from the other desired revelation . 
 the walls sweated and the breeze rushed . 
 there was no escaping the present , no avoiding the inevitable . 
 either one to plunge to the bottom of a watery grave , or the other to dive from the crown of the tower into oblivion . 
 at last , at once , the creature thrust its great silvery sheath from below the waters and the monk threw back his cloak to reveal a resplendent pair of golden wings . 
 equal in passion and curiosity , the winged one and the finned one plunged to the depths of the well exploring every dark crevice , clutching and grasping , each muscle clenched in an endless kiss that breathed life into the winged one , who returned that kiss with an equal embrace which lifted the finned one upon golden wings to the very top of the ivory tower to penetrate the depths of the soul , of unseen things , of worlds and wonders light and endless as thought . 
 to taste of the most exquisite pleasures of the body ; to know of the profound nature and mystery of unseen things ; to know one through the absence of the other ; to know the other through the death of the one ; to know both through the birth of interpenetrating forces ; thus was the monk 's true destiny , for what are clouds but the oceans of the sky , and what are fins but the wings of the sea . 
 the leopard lily if you were fortunate enough to find yourself within the bower you would see that the waters of the pond were thick with lilies and whistling reeds , which sang cheerfully when the wind sallied through them like pipes on a flute . 
 here the lazy willows shaded the pond , their fingers tickling the surface of the still waters over which houses were suspended in air . 
 the people who lived in this place wanted for nothing and were always happy . 
 in quite another place , on a fine manor in the country , lived a brother and sister with only each other for company . 
 their parents had died suddenly and they were left to fend for themselves . 
 as the brother was older than his sister all of the responsibility came to rest heavily upon his young shoulders . 
 with no more time for fun or play the brother grew solemn and world weary and he looked more man than boy , the worry crease always on his brow . 
 a year had come and gone since the passing of their parents , yet the brother remained in his stiff black suit of mourning , chaffing and itching and scratching his skin . 
 he spent his day making calculations of income and expenditures , and attending to all the business of the estate . 
 whenever he did have a moment of liberty he spent it indoors , fingering through a dry textbook to further his neglected education by inches , or on rarer occasions still , he allowed himself the pleasure of sneaking away to the gardener 's shed behind the house where he had built a forge and there melted and mixed metals in the fiery pit of a furnace . 
 the brother , with his short clipped hair , black as his suit , was as unlike his sister in appearance as in temperament . 
 the girl , with her long silvery blonde hair was the very spirit of youth , and since the year of mourning had come and gone , the girl now dressed in gauzy whites and red-orange ribbons and sprigs of lily . 
 the greatest difference , however , was the girl 's wild imagination . 
 she would attempt harrowing feats like climbing out the third-story nursery window to fling herself down to fly with some birds on an easterly gale . 
 at other times her imagination was more benign and took the form of telling tales , one of which was her very favorite , and which she told ever so many times , was all about the secret bower beyond the green veil , where all were happy and wanted for nothing . 
 the brother by degrees grew weary of his sister 's happy , reckless nature , and like the changing of the seasons weariness turned to envy , and envy to spite . 
 the brother snapped beneath the burden he shouldered , his spirit broken . 
 one day he stood watching the luxury of the sister 's carelessness . 
 the more he watched , the more he became like one possessed and when night fell , he disappeared into the forge silent as the grave . 
 all through the night the windows gleamed a demon red , and black smoke rose from the chimney in a darkness so thick as to rival the night . 
 the next morning the brother emerged , his hands blackened by the dark work he had toiled at , and in his hands he held a heavy chain of iron that he had forged , link , by link , by link . 
 the sister ran , she hid , crouched in the space where once he chased her in a game of go-hide-and-catch . 
 grasp , catch , the brother snatched the sister in the attic . 
 down he dragged her with the chilling strains of her screams of pain rattling in his ear ; but he could not hear . 
 he wrapped the iron chain around and around her child 's - body , the links boring into her skin . 
 there he left her , bound to a chair , looking out the open window . 
 he went on about his day , day after day after day . 
 then one day , when his work was particularly grueling , the brother longed for some innocent distraction . 
 he walked the three flights of stairs to the nursery , particularly to hear the tale of the bower , which he never believed , but which he liked to see imagined before him . 
 but when he reached the nursery and opened the door , he found it empty and the window blown open . 
 in a moment of lucidity a sharp pain struck the brother 's heart and the spell broke , and he was recalled to himself ; he recalled the iron chain and his sister 's strangled , child 's - body . 
 where had she gone , his beloved sister ? 
 had she tried to fly away again ? 
 had she tried to fly with the birds on an easterly gale ? 
 seized by an unendurable grief , the brother ran to the window , clutching his head , wild-eyed and horror-struck . 
 he feared most to look , and yet look he must . 
 but nothing lay beneath except the cold , hard ground . 
 suddenly , a thorn of hope pricked his dark heart and let in a sliver of light . 
 the sliver being all that he had , he made it enough . 
 enough to send him running madly into the forest girding the far reaches of the manor , branches and twigs tearing at his chest , rending his black suit , and drawing blood from his cheek . 
 but the brother felt nothing . 
 he knew what he sought and nothing would deter him from his path . 
 it was getting near twilight . 
 any moment he hoped to spot it , the entrance to that place she chattered about day in and day out . 
 he wished now that he had listened more carefully . 
 where was he to look for the door to that other world , the one where all were happy and wanted for nothing ? 
 the moment came when the bewitching light that ought to reveal the veil of green caught fire . 
 but the light flashed and flickered and blew out as quickly as it had flared , yet no entrance appeared . 
 the brother 's heart sank . 
 he sank to his knees and he screamed into the growing night and trembled at the thought that after all , what if it had only been a tale , someplace she made up to take her far away from the dreary manor . 
 just then , just for a moment , just when he had given up , he saw it , a tiny curtain of green . 
 the curtain was every moment growing smaller and smaller , threatening to disappear forever and sever him irrevocably from the sister he once had loved so dearly . 
 he summoned all the strength he had left and dove through the opening . 
 for a moment , after he had fallen to the ground , he was n't sure that he had made it into the bower . 
 but when he summoned the courage to open his eyes , he found himself in the most beautiful garden of nature 's making . 
 he looked about himself in amazement that such a place should appear just as his sister had disappeared . 
 he felt the sting of bitterness once more , now turned on himself , the hatred of the one who had forged the iron chain , link by link , and had choked the life from the child in the nursery . 
 this , a place where all were happy ? 
 a cruel irony . 
 he would know no happiness , know no peace , no , not even in the bower . 
 he sat down at the edge of the pond and his tears mingled with the mercurial waters . 
 he thought himself quite alone and gave full vent to his tears when , looking up , he spied some children across the water , one as old as he , whispering to each other and looking at him curiously . 
 the eldest of them slipped into a low wooden boat tethered to the edge of the house above the water and with a long pole , navigated his way through the water lilies until he came upon the brother . 
 the boy said nothing at first , merely looked , and under his gaze the brother squirmed . 
 `` she said you 'd come , one day , '' said the boy . 
 `` she ? '' 
 the brother asked , hardly daring to hope . 
 `` yes , the leopard lily . '' 
 the brother 's heart sank back down to the pit of his soul . 
 `` one day ? 
 what day is it ? 
 how long has it been ? 
 three days at most ... '' mumbled the brother to himself , trying to account for time . 
 `` well , none here , '' answered the boy , supposing the question to be put to himself as no one else stood by , `` we do n't live by days . 
 but in the world you 've come from , well , many , many days i suppose . '' 
 `` that is n't possible . 
 it was only -- , `` only what ? 
 he could remember nothing but the furnace and the iron chain , the sister he 'd lost , and the mad chase to find the secret curtain to the bower . 
 the boy said nothing as no question had been asked , and besides , the brother seemed to speak to himself again . 
 `` she said you 'd come , '' said the boy again , trying to rouse the brother from his meditations . 
 but the brother was lost in thoughts and buried under memories he could n't bear to recall . 
 `` will you see her ? '' 
 asked the boy . 
 `` the leopard lily ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` what could she possibly want with me ? '' 
 asked the brother gloomily . 
 `` she says you 'd come to save her . '' 
 `` save her ? 
 i ca n't even save myself , '' whispered the brother , drowning once more in his own self-pity . 
 `` will you come ? '' 
 the brother only nodded and climbed into the boat . 
 they poled the pond quietly at first , but after observing the brother for a while , the boy said , `` i am sorry for you . 
 you seem to suffer greatly . 
 but you 've come to a place where you could want for nothing and will always be happy . '' 
 the brother wiped his eyes with his sleeve , streaking the blood on his cheek . 
 `` i do suffer greatly , and its less than i deserve . 
 no place exists where i will want for at least one thing , and as far as i can see , i 'll never know a moment 's happiness . 
 there will never be rest so long as she remains lost to me . '' 
 seeing that his words had no cheering effect upon the brother , the boy poled them across the water in silence . 
 when they landed at the house above the water , the boy led the brother to one side of the house and pointing into that bit of the pond , showed the brother the leopard lily . 
 the brother gasped at what he saw beneath the still waters . 
 it was a young woman with long silvery blonde hair who at about the waist became more plant than girl . 
 like the cup of green that clasps the flower the stem merged with her skin , tethered beyond sight to the bottom of the pool . 
 the brother noticed that here and there upon her skin were purplish colored markings like the markings of a leopard . 
 the leopard lily was pale and limp and losing life , bound and strangled by a thick iron chain . 
 how remarkably like his sister she looked , the leopard lily ! 
 how sad and loving were the eyes that looked up at him from beneath the water . 
 `` you see the problem now , '' said the boy calmly . 
 `` how did this happen ? '' 
 whispered the brother , a tear rolling grudgingly from his narrowed eyes . 
 the boy looked at the brother 's misery with a queer curiosity . 
 `` one night as we sat beneath the full moon a shadow crossed it 's light and burnt in a fiery red glow . 
 the next morning we found the leopard lily here in our pond , like this , choked by this strange , heavy weed . 
 do you know of this weed ? 
 and can you save her ? '' 
 the brother looked down into the water and sobbed . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he whispered , to the lily beneath the water . 
 `` can you help ? '' 
 asked the boy again . 
 `` i 'll try , '' said the brother , and he immediately set to work , building himself a forge there in the bower . 
 the people looked on from across the pond , whispering , wondering at the strange boy at work . 
 at last the brother was finished . 
 he came out from the shed with a poker fiery and red like the spirit that had possessed him that night . 
 he burnt through the links , one after another , until every last one had been undone . 
 the leopard lily was freed and she wiggled her stem like a happy fish and leapt up out of the water at the brother and kissed him upon the cheek before diving into the glassy world below . 
 the brother smiled for the first time in a very long while . 
 if he could not save his dearest sister , at least he had saved the life of one who reminded him so much of her . 
 remaining in his solitary ways , the brother lived alone along the edge of the water , not knowing how to suspend one above the pond like the others . 
 one day , some time after , the mother of the children across the pond , grateful to the brother for saving the leopard lily , plunged her hand beneath the water and scooped up the earth and the roots and placed them inside a pot trimmed with a red-orange bow . 
 `` mother , '' asked one of the children , `` what are you doing with the leopard lily ? '' 
 `` you shall see , '' was all the mother said . 
 `` but mother , '' said the child , `` there is no other like her in all the bower . '' 
 `` the better to heal unseen wounds mended poorly by unseen scars , '' said the mother . 
 then she made her way across the pond in the low wooden boat . 
 the boy was holed up as always in the dark shack . 
 the mother set the pot down quietly before the door and poled her way back across the pond . 
 the brother was awakened suddenly from his ever restless sleep by a light knock . 
 expecting no one , the brother opened the door cautiously , then marveled at what he saw . 
 there at the door stood the likeness of his own sister , purple bruises spotting her skin in a chain-like pattern . 
 `` they 're rather beautiful in their way , do n't you think ? '' 
 asked the sister happily , spinning like a girl in a new spring dress . 
 `` yes , '' said the brother , with a choked voice and a sober sort of happiness , `` rather beautiful in their way . '' 
 the silver slippers once upon a time , a long time ago , a troop of courtly dancers rolled into a city in a neat row of thirteen tiny silver wagons , each one pulled by a white pony with a crest of white ostrich feathers atop its head . 
 the shopkeepers all gazed out of their windows in wonder and the people in the street stopped to stare as the tiny silver wagons drove on by . 
 the town was soon buzzing with the news . 
 `` who could it be ? 
 did you see ! 
 did you see ! '' 
 `` royalty ! '' 
 `` here to see the king ! '' 
 and no sooner said than the great iron gates of the palace opened to receive the thirteen tiny silver wagons . 
 with their faces pressed up against the palace gates the people of the city pushed and shoved and shouted , `` let me see ! '' 
 as everyone scrambled to catch a glimpse of who or what would issue from the tiny silver wagons . 
 when the wagons stopped in front of the palace doors thirteen tiny dancers twirled out on their toes before the crowd . 
 they wore tiny silver skull caps and beige and silver dresses whose skirts shot straight out on all sides instead of falling down like an ordinary skirt which gave the advantage of showing off twenty-six tiny legs wrapped in silk stockings and ribbons and ending in tiny silver shoes . 
 the people of the city were struck dumb and did n't know what to say , but as sometimes happens amongst a crowd , someone let out a hoot of joy and so came forth all the others to clap and otherwise welcome the thirteen tiny visitors . 
 the dancers gave a low bow in concert as thanks before one by one in a perfect row , they disappeared on their toes into the palace . 
 the city went back to its work with plenty to talk about and so more happy than usual they plied their trades . 
 all , that is , except for one . 
 a small boy still clung to the gates of the palace fascinated by what he had seen . 
 fancying he was alone , he spun on his toes and for a moment thought he had succeeded before falling down upon the dirt . 
 he stood up , dusted himself off and tried again . 
 meanwhile , all of the tiny dancers warmed up and practiced for they were to perform before the king that very night . 
 all , that is , except for one tiny dancer whose thoughts were elsewhere . 
 she sat in a seat pressed up against the window , one tiny leg bent so that she rested her chin upon her knee and peered out the window . 
 she watched as the boy twirled and twirled and never left off twirling , no matter how many times he fell in the dirt . 
 then an idea came into her head and looking to see that no one was watching her , the tiny dancer slipped out the window . 
 the boy gazed in wonder when he noticed that one of the tiny dancers was coming toward him . 
 `` hello , '' she said , `` you need n't be afraid . 
 i was born in this very city myself . '' 
 the boy smiled and grew more relaxed . 
 `` i was looking out the window and i saw you spinning about before the gates , would you like to dance before kings someday ? '' 
 `` oh yes , very much ! '' 
 cried the boy . 
 `` well , i might be able to help , '' said the tiny dancer , '' but first i need you to do something for me . '' 
 `` anything , '' said the boy , who had needed no tempting and would have done whatever the tiny dancer asked of him , so much he admired her . 
 `` what shall i do ? '' 
 asked the boy . 
 `` i can not leave the palace gates else i would go myself . 
 but if you follow the footpath to the north of the city into the woods a long way you will come to a circular clearing where the sun shines down upon a small meadow . 
 there you will see a number of roads stretching out in every direction like spokes on a wheel . '' 
 the tiny dancer reached into a small pocket in her dress and pulled out a smooth white stone and placed it in the boy 's hand . '' 
 take this with you and place it before the path that you came from or else you will never find your way back . 
 then find the path paved in gold , whose bricks are broken and scattered and sunk in the mud . 
 it is called the rue de rêves cassés '' . 
 `` the street of broken dreams , '' whispered the boy to himself . 
 the tiny dancer nodded . 
 `` it is a very dark path , '' she said , as she reached into another pocket and removed a tiny silver candle . 
 `` take this with you . 
 you have no need of a flint or match , the candle will light itself when the shadows fall . 
 walk down that path a ways and you will find what looks like a village filled with tiny pitch-roofed houses only big enough to fit one or two people at at time . 
 they are all covered in moss and dead weeds and have cracks in the windows and rust on the doors , but never mind their appearance . 
 go to the house with a single white rose planted beneath the sill , now dried and withered , '' sighed the dancer . 
 `` pluck the rose from the sill , then knock on the door three times and say , ` i come bearing gifts . ' 
 the door will open and you will be amazed at what you see within those walls , but do not stray from your purpose there or you may never find your way back . '' 
 `` a young girl will ask you what gifts you bring and the first you must give her is the rose to win her confidence . 
 next , you must tell her a story which i will relate to you , and last , '' said the tiny dancer sitting down upon the grass and untying her tiny silver slippers , `` give her these . '' 
 `` but your slippers ! 
 how will you dance before the king ? '' 
 asked the boy . 
 `` if you succeed the slippers will be on my feet by the stroke of midnight , the time when i am to perform before the king . 
 but heed these three warnings or the both of us shall rue it . 
 first , make sure to give the gifts in the order that i told you . 
 second , neither eat nor drink anything , no matter what she may offer you or how tempted you may be . 
 third , you must complete the task by the stroke of midnight . 
 fail in any of these and you will be stuck on the rue de rêves cassés never to see your home or family more , and i will lose my place forever among the silver toed dancers , an unhappy possibility for us both . '' 
 the tiny dancer related the story the boy was to tell , and placing the stone in one pocket , the candle in another , and the slippers in a rough sack , the boy was ready to go . 
 `` i am afraid , '' said the boy . 
 `` then you are wise , '' said the tiny dancer . 
 `` every path has its dangers my young friend , some more obvious than others , and fear , when heeded wisely , will keep you focused that you may not lose sight of your purpose . 
 but even fear must be mastered , else you will never do anything , you will never fulfill your wish of being a dancer , and you too may find a house of your own devising there on the rue de rêves cassés . '' 
 it was this the boy feared most of all , and knowing this to be wise he took a deep breath and mastered his fear . 
 as he turned to go he looked back to the dancer behind the great iron gates and asked , `` but how will all this help me to be a dancer ? '' 
 `` you can not know the beginning of another journey until you have completed the one you are on . 
 when you have succeeded , you will know what to do next . 
 good luck my young friend , the fate of two hearts rests in your hands . '' 
 the tiny dancer smiled and skipped away across the field and back in through the open window . 
 the sun was now blazing in the center of the sky and the boy set out across the city to reach the northern footpath that would take him into the woods . 
 as the boy passed the glove maker 's shop , the glove maker called out , `` you boy , what have you in that sack ? 
 are you setting out upon a journey ? '' 
 `` i am , '' said the boy . 
 then the boy passed the baker 's shop . 
 `` where do you go boy ? '' 
 asked the baker , `` you had better stay here in town where it is safe , the woods beyond the city are fraught with dangers . 
 are n't you afraid ? '' 
 `` i am , '' said the boy . 
 one of the last shops before the northern entrance to the city was that of the candle maker . 
 `` hullo there boy , what do you do ? 
 you must be very determined to keep down that path . '' 
 `` i am , '' said the boy . 
 the boy walked a long way , stopping only once at a rivulet to quench his thirst . 
 at last he came to the round meadow in the wood where he once again saw the sun , which had sunk in the sky a great deal . 
 with no time to waste the boy took his first step into the clearing when he remembered the stone and with only the tip of his toe still on the northern path he placed the stone upon the ground . 
 he walked around and saw a dizzying array of paths , each different from the last . 
 finally , he came upon the one paved in gold , whose bricks were broken and crumbling and sinking into the mud . 
 the path was narrow and dark , like entering a tunnel though it was only trees that lined the path . 
 the boy stepped onto the crumbling bricks and reached into his pocket for the silver candle . 
 nothing happened . 
 afraid to go further without being able to see his way the boy froze . 
 but then he looked back into the clearing and saw how low the sun had sunk and mastering his fear again , he took another step into the darkness . 
 a blue flame burst from the tip of the candle and lit the path enough for the boy to see . 
 again the path was long and treacherous and it seemed that shadows lurked along the edges , watching him as he went , but coming no closer than the edge of the light would permit . 
 he walked a great distance , but the candle never shortened nor flickered nor blew out its flame . 
 at last the boy came across a signpost and a sign whose wood was all rotted and which swung and creaked from a chain . 
 the boy lifted the silver candle and read , `` rue de rêves cassés . '' 
 and there it was before his eyes , the very village of which the tiny dancer had spoken . 
 it was vast and nearly every inch of it covered with tiny pitch-roofed houses , with only narrow footpaths between them . 
 it was the most despairing sight the boy had ever seen and he sat down upon a bench at the edge of the village , wondering if he should ever find the one he sought among the hundreds that filled the place . 
 the boy 's heart began to sink as hopelessness slowly began to take hold of him , and what 's more , he had no way of telling the time . 
 then he felt the weight of the silver shoes upon his shoulder and he thought , i must try whatever happens . 
 and so he began to walk up and down the hilly streets of the city until at last from below he spotted a single white rose . 
 elated , the boy ran up the hill as fast as he could . 
 plucking the rose from the flower box beneath the sill the boy knocked on the door . 
 nothing happened . 
 the boy knocked again . 
 again , nothing happened . 
 the boy began to despair again , but he had come so very far and determined the boy knocked for a third time . 
 ah ! 
 thought the boy , three times i was to knock , and remembering his line he said , `` i come bearing gifts . '' 
 as he said the words the door swung open and his eyes fell upon the brightest and most beautiful house he had ever seen . 
 `` come in , '' said the little girl who held open the door . 
 the boy wondered what magic this was and walked slowly as if he entered a sacred place and he worried his dirty shoes would soil the pristine floors . 
 `` what gifts have you brought me , '' asked the girl boldly , holding out her hand . 
 the boy thought of the white rose and thought what a pity it would be to give her something so dry and withered , but as he reached out the hand bearing the rose he saw that it was fresh and white with a slender green stem , not at all the rose he had plucked from the beneath the sill . 
 the girl took the rose and smiled and invited the boy to eat . 
 the boy saw the most splendid display of sweetmeats he had ever laid eyes on . 
 there were finger sandwiches of cucumber , roast beef , and jam among tarts , tiny cakes with glazed cherries , lemon meringue , pistachio macarons , and chocolate dipped biscuits . 
 and how hungry he was after his journey , and how thirsty too . 
 how the boy longed to eat and drink ! 
 but he remembered what the tiny dancer had told him . 
 still , he thought , how bad could it be being stuck forever in this place where there is every food and drink you could ever dream up ! 
 `` no , i must n't , '' said the boy regrettably , and he was sorry to turn down so lavish a feast . 
 `` oh , but i insist , '' said the girl , pouring a cup of the tea for them both with whipped cream and sugar , which she swirled in the cup with a tiny silver spoon . 
 the boy 's mouth watered . 
 `` but i have not yet given you your second gift . '' 
 `` oh yes , do ! '' 
 said the girl , clapping her hands . 
 `` very well , '' said the boy , staring at a cream puff and wondering if he would n't still trade his dreams of being a dancer for such a delicacy . 
 `` my second gift is a story and it goes like this : once upon a time there lived a little girl with her parents in a beautiful city skirted on each side by a dense wood . 
 the girl 's father , who sold flowers in the city , came home each day bearing a single white rose for his only beloved daughter . 
 they were all very happy , and each day the girl would dance and twirl about the room -- '' and so the girl did as in the story . 
 the boy continued . 
 `` seeing his daughter 's love of dance the girl 's father promised her that when she was old enough , if she practiced very hard , he would send her to school to be a dancer and someday she would be welcomed into every palace in the world and perform before kings . 
 but one day there spread a terrible plague across the land which struck the city . 
 many died of it and among the dead were the mother and father of the little girl . 
 only she survived . '' 
 the dancing stopped and the girl ran across the room to the boy and began to shout in a fit -- '' stop ! 
 stop ! 
 what a terrible story ! '' 
 the boy sat dumb not knowing what to do . 
 as he looked at the girl and at the room behind her he noticed a large crack had begun to open in one corner of the white room , and that crack to seep a russet red liquid , like the brown of old blood . 
 `` for days she slept beside the pale stiff bodies , heaping upon them white rose after white rose to hide the smell ; but the smell would tell . 
 one day , someone came around to the house to collect the dead , and the girl wailed and screamed and clutched at the necks of her mother and father , clawing away at the body-snatchers with her bloody fingernails -- '' here the boy broke off again because the girl had begun to pound on his chest to make him stop . 
 but the boy would go on , he had come so far already , he would not be deterred . 
 by now the whole white ceiling had cracked and peeled and fallen away so that it was now dripping with moss and rainwater and quite rusted all over . 
 `` then someone from the orphanage came to collect the girl though she fought to hold onto the white walls of her happy home . '' 
 `` no ! 
 no ! '' 
 screamed the girl kicking on the ground . 
 then she clapped her hands over her ears and curled up like a baby on the floor . 
 `` but wait , '' said the boy pulling her hands from her ears , `` wait there is more . '' 
 `` i do n't want to hear anymore ! '' 
 she cried . 
 `` but just listen , '' said the boy who had with some effort and some gentleness coaxed her hands from her ears . 
 `` though the girl was very unhappy at first in the orphanage she soon got the habit of slipping out of the window on the night of a full moon and going out into the forest where she practiced her dance by moonlight in a certain clearing in the woods . 
 she was much more serious now , and her style was less light and airy , but there was a certain power to her step , a command which she never had before . 
 one night , as the girl went thus , dancing on the open green , she spotted a fairy who sat watching her . 
 the girl was astonished , she had thought herself alone , but as she looked she saw that it was not one fairy , but a circle of fairies who had come out to watch her dance by moonlight . 
 it was that night that the fairies gave the girl three gifts . 
 the first gift was a candle whose flame never died , whose length never shortened , and whose blue flame would allow the girl to steal away any night she chose instead of having to wait for the light of the full moon . 
 the second gift was a smooth white stone that would glow when she reached the path she wished to follow so that she could always find her way . 
 the third gift to the girl , whose dancing the fairies very much admired , was a pair of silver slippers that never wore out , but would last for as long as the girl danced , and the girl as long as the shoes , so that so long as she continued to dance she could live forever it she chose . 
 since that time there have been twelve other dancers who have been gifted by the fairies and so they go from palace to palace dancing before kings . '' 
 the girl smiled , but then her face grew calm and sad . 
 `` but that is only a story . '' 
 `` no , '' said the boy , `` i have one more gift . '' 
 and here the boy untied the rough sack and opened it to reveal two perfect tiny silver slippers , just as he had told of in the story . 
 the girl 's eyes lit up and she gasped , kissed the boy , and slipped them onto her feet . 
 at that moment several things happened . 
 the boy was no longer enclosed within the tiny cryptic iron walls of the pitch-roofed house , which had become cramped and bitterly cold . 
 he only sat upon the ground , for the house had ceased to exist entirely . 
 and the girl , and the shoes were nowhere to be seen . 
 the boy smiled , picked himself up off the ground and with the silver candle in hand , walked back down the gold paved road of the rue de rêves cassés . 
 when at last he entered the clearing the boy felt different , changed . 
 he saw across the way the soft glow of the white stone that would show him the way home if he chose . 
 but instead , the boy thought , i shall dance , here in the green by the light of the blue flame , and in his heart he knew that somewhere in the palace a tiny dancer in silver shoes was doing just the same . 
 little boy blue once there lived a girl with raven colored hair who wore a red dress each day because it was the only one she 'd ever owned . 
 she lived with an old woman who was neither mother nor grandmother to her , but who was the only person she had ever known . 
 now and again a great parade would pass by and the girl longed to watch and join in , but the old woman always locked her in on such days in a tiny golden cage that hung from the ceiling of the cottage . 
 having no one to talk to besides the old crone , the girl had to invent people of her own . 
 there in the yard she would play among the tiny houses and headstones . 
 to each name she imagined a face and a story until the whole graveyard was full of people . 
 each day she wandered around the village of the dead , plucking wild flowers that grew there and making tiny nosegays for the children . 
 she paid visits to madame s. , did chores for monsieur c , and delivered flowers to monsieur t , the young miss n. , and the old mrs. b. all in all , the girl lived a rather cheerful life of her own devising . 
 one day , as the girl slouched with her back upon a headstone singing to herself a lullaby and plucking the leaves off of a daisy , a boy peeked shyly from around the other side of the headstone . 
 he had come to listen to her songs and stories and to see the tiny nosegays she would wind together with sprigs of grass to leave upon the various headstones . 
 he had come often to watch her comings and goings , but had never the courage to show himself . 
 as the girl 's strains grew soft and lethargic , and she drifted between waking and sleep , the boy summoned the courage to come out upon the other side . 
 he did n't know what to do , and he feared frightening her , so he only sat quietly , waiting for her to wake and notice him . 
 since the girl had drifted to sleep with a song , the shy boy took up the song where she left off so that the lullaby continued in an unbroken tone . 
 perhaps , he thought , monsieur c would not mind terribly if he were to take some daisies and make a chain of his own , which he did , resting it on the girl 's crown . 
 impatient for the girl to wake , he gave her a kiss upon the cheek . 
 the girl did wake , but was not at all afraid . 
 she rubbed her sleepy eyes with her two fists and smiled . 
 `` hello boy , '' she said . 
 the boy leapt back , startled . 
 `` you can see me ? '' 
 the girl laughed with a quizzical turn of the brow , `` as plain you see me . '' 
 the girl was about to speak again when she was summoned from a distance . 
 the old woman had called to her and the boy 's eyes grew big . 
 `` you must n't go , '' cried the boy , `` she is a witch ! '' 
 `` she is old is all , there is nothing to fear . '' 
 `` i can not be by while she is near ! '' 
 and with that the boy ducked down behind the stone and disappeared from sight . 
 the girl was amused and ran behind the stone , but the boy was nowhere to be seen . 
 she then crept behind this gravestone and that , thinking to catch the boy at his game , but he was not to be found anywhere and as the old woman continued to shout the girl decided she had better return to the cottage and see what the old woman wanted . 
 the following day when the girl returned to the yard to play , she looked in upon every house , and behind every headstone in hopes of finding the boy again . 
 at last she made her way to the one she had fallen asleep against and said , `` little boy blue , come out and play , the witch is nowhere by today . '' 
 she called him so because he was dressed all in blue , and the blue of his shirt kissed the rim of his lips , and the lids of his eyes , and his fingertips . 
 `` here i am , '' said the boy from behind her , and he bowed gallantly , tipping his hat to her . 
 she laughed and together they spent the day playing , singing , telling tales , and making deliveries of flowers to the sundry houses . 
 by the time the shadows of the headstones had grown long and slender the two had pledged themselves forever friends and sealed their bond by pricking their fingers and mixing blood , as is the custom . 
 the girl bled red and the boy bled blue , so that between the two a purple was blended . 
 the children laughed and thought nothing of their blood being different colors . 
 but all too soon the cries of the old woman once again summoned the girl back to the cottage . 
 `` you must n't go , '' said the boy anxiously . 
 `` nonsense , '' laughed the girl , `` she is only an old woman , what ever could she do ? 
 why i could outrun her like this if i wanted to , '' said the girl with a snap of her fingers . 
 but as the old woman 's cries grew louder the boy vanished once again . 
 `` how peculiar , '' said the girl to herself as she made her way back to the cottage . 
 the following day , the two children met again in the village of the dead , laughing and playing , singing songs and telling tales much as they had the day before . 
 each had woven a crown of daisies and poppies and placed theirs upon the head of the other so that they might play at being married , which they did with the whole of the village in attendance . 
 madame s cried good-naturedly , waving a lace handkerchief . 
 monsieur c plucked half his crop of wild flowers to make a tiny arbor , having woven them through the rusted wrought-iron canopy of mrs. b 's cottage , who , having the grandest and most attractive canopy in the village had offered it to the children . 
 young miss n remarked how handsome the groom looked and how she wished that she too were married . 
 monsieur t , having overheard miss n , began to look at her in a very different light , and mrs. b suspected she may be again lending out her little canopy very soon . 
 `` listen , '' said little boy blue as the day wore thin , `` the old woman is a spiteful witch , you must n't go back to her . 
 come with me instead to the other side of the headstone and i will show you . '' 
 the two took hands and began down the path to the other side . 
 there in a wooded grove stood two neat rows of trees whose boughs shot straight up to the heavens . 
 down upon the ground was a thick carpet of grass , green and lush and spotted with tiny white flowers . 
 the path went on a great distance , but far upon the other side there blazed a brilliant light , warm and welcoming . 
 `` where does it lead , '' asked the girl , eyes wide with wonder . 
 `` beyond that path is the village of the living , '' said the boy , taking the hand of his tiny consort and walking down the grassy hall that linked one village to the other . 
 the path appeared long , but was rather short in the crossing and before the girl had time to look about herself in wonder they emerged upon the other side . 
 `` what a wonder ! '' 
 cried the girl with delight as she beheld the village . 
 the boy smiled and was pleased with her approval . 
 `` come , '' said the boy , `` i 've something to show you . '' 
 taking his bud of a bride by the hand the children ran past the village to a great round pond on which a neat little island in the shape of a sickle , like the waxing moon in a sky of liquid blue , lay nestled . 
 `` it is quite a fairyland ! '' 
 cried the girl . 
 `` that is my island , '' pointed the boy , who had taken it for himself as no other had claim of it , `` and it is there that we shall live . '' 
 `` shall we really ? '' 
 asked the girl , looking with awe at her childish groom . 
 `` your lips , your fingers , you have turned quite rosy , '' said the girl with surprise , `` i sha n't be able to call you little boy blue . '' 
 `` then i shall always wear blue that you might go on calling me so . '' 
 the girl smiled . 
 then her smile faded with the fading of the light . 
 `` it is getting late , '' she said . 
 `` yes , '' said the boy with a sigh , `` it is . '' 
 neither spoke for a while as they gazed , hand in hand , at the little moon shaped fairyland floating at the edge of the pond . 
 `` stay , '' said the boy . 
 `` i 'd like to , '' said the girl with some hesitation . 
 it was then that they heard a voice , low at first , but a voice nonetheless , echoing across the passage . 
 `` it is the old woman ! '' 
 whispered the girl . 
 `` you need n't heed her , '' said the boy , clasping both the girl 's hands . 
 `` if i do n't she may come for me and discover this place , '' said the girl . 
 the echo rung out again and as the sun went to setting so did the girl who was vanishing from sight before the boy 's very eyes . 
 in horror he watched as she disappeared . 
 in spite of the witch the boy ran back down the path from which they had come , only in the direction he now went the ground was colored silver and gold , a thick flocked carpet of skeleton leaves . 
 the boy ran with all his might and came out upon the other side . 
 `` treacherous child ! '' 
 cried the witch , clasping the girl 's arm with her long boney fingers . 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 shouted the girl , struggling to free herself . 
 `` impudent child ! '' 
 yelled the witch at the boy . 
 `` do you think you can take what belongs to me ! 
 how dare you cross to the dark side of the passage ! 
 i shall send you back to where you 've come from , and from which you will never more return ! '' 
 and thrusting a boney finger at him she spoke an incantation . 
 the boy became more and more transparent until he vanished entirely . 
 `` as for you , '' said the witch to the girl , `` i have been negligent . 
 you will have nowhere to run , no place to play , and no way to escape ! '' 
 the old witch dragged the girl home , thrust her into the tiny golden cage , and locked it with a tiny golden key . 
 she then hung the cage up in the window and laughed to herself . 
 the girl screamed and shook the bars , but the witch only laughed and said , `` sing away , sing away my little bird , your cries are sweet strains to my ear . '' 
 at that the girl went silent , slumped against the golden bars . 
 for eleven days and ten nights the girl sat upon her perch . 
 on the eleventh night , however , as the girl sat in her tiny cage , a raven appeared at the window . 
 it tapped lightly on the window , but try as the girl might to reach it , she could not let the bird in . 
 the raven soon disappeared and in another moment flew in through the chimney . 
 `` why hello there , '' whispered the girl , happy to see another living creature . 
 the raven bowed most elegantly as if it had understood her . 
 it then flew to where the witch lay sleeping and nimbly pecked the tiny golden key from the ribbon tied about the witch 's wrist . 
 in a moment the raven had taken the key , and with unusual dexterity for a bird , slipped the key into the hole of the cage and unlocked it . 
 the girl was overjoyed , but clapped her hand to her mouth to keep herself from crowing with joy . 
 the girl slid from the golden cage and out the window , which she was now at liberty to open . 
 the raven flew out with her and led the way in the dark of night . 
 now the raven is a very clever bird to pick locks and transcend barriers , but he is also a magical creature who can sense his way even in the thickest blackness . 
 the two travelers stole away through the valley of shadow in the dead of night . 
 it was there , beyond the village , that they found the round pond with the island , which gave the pond the look of the moon in its waning light upon the waters , sprinkled with citrus blossoms like so many stars fallen from the trees above . 
 the girl plunged her cupped hands into the reflective waters so that in them glimmered a tiny liquid mirror . 
 then she crossed the passage back to the dark side with the raven aloft her shoulder . 
 once on the other side the girl slipped the water onto a silver tray . 
 the liquid was at once both hard and smooth , and like the surface of a mirror reflected whatever gazed upon it . 
 when the dawn broke and the witch rose to look in upon the little bird trapped in her golden cage , she met with quite a different sight . 
 what did the witch see ? 
 it is impossible to say . 
 a mirror only tells of the one looking into it , and as the mirror was made by love-craft , it most likely reflected some dark hidden secret in the heart of the beholder . 
 as the witch gazed upon her own image within the cage , so she became , locked within the tiny golden wires she had forged , a captive of her own misdoing . 
 so the spell was broken at last . 
 the girl smiled and kissed the raven , who flew off to other things . 
 and the girl ? 
 she left winter and walked down the green carpeted path to spring . 
 all her wakings had been a thing of dreams , and her dreams , they summoned her to wakings . 
 and what of little boy blue ? 
 why , he lay beyond the village at the great round pond and the island in the shape of the moon in its waxing phase . 
 and what had she seen in her own reflection in the mirror of her cupped hands ? 
 two faces in one reflection . 
 and did she ever make it to the island ? 
 i daresay she did , again and again , as often as she liked , the red in her , and the blue besides . 
 the boy who would be king once upon a midsummer 's day the peasants of a sleepy hamlet , buried away in a wild wood , made merry and danced about a great bonfire to honor the sun . 
 some of the folks gathered herbs to burn as incense , others worked happily in the open air , preparing a communal feast . 
 others still , played at games or whistled tunes old as time that honored nature and its bounty . 
 in short , all the hamlet was employed in the joy of the day , which would go on until the following morning . 
 all , that is , except one . 
 a young boy who wandered alone beyond the hamlet to slay a dragon . 
 true , the sword was only made of wood and the dragon of paper , but the act was none the less admired by the imaginary throng of wide-eyed spectators who watched as the boy slashed and thrust and buried his sword deep into the heart of the fearsome effigy . 
 with his sword held aloft the boyish knight astride an imaginary steed cried out in triumph and reveled in his own glory . 
 paper though the dragon was , the boy grew weary with battle and praise . 
 the sun had at last come to set upon the horizon , and as the boy was used to rising and falling with it he stopped along the way to rest in a sacred grove . 
 there a ring of statues stood , their faces and forms , like kings and queens , were carved into the trees that had grown by nature 's biding in a perfect circle . 
 each was exceedingly tall and slender and etched with such skill and craftsmanship that it was a widely held belief that they had been carved by the fairies . 
 now time and progress have forgotten many of the traditions of those long-lost days , but it is said that one who sleeps upon a midsummer 's night at a site sacred to the fairies is sure to encounter some adventure or be spirited away altogether . 
 tired as the boy was he was heedless of such things and tossed himself upon his back right in the center of the lords and ladies of the forest . 
 he rested his head upon his defeated enemy and gazed up into the stars . 
 `` if only i had glory , wealth , and power i should have all that any could desire , for who could be unhappy with such riches . '' 
 and so the boy mused as he drifted off to sleep never imagining that his desires were soon to be gratified . 
 the boy awoke when the sun was at its summit and yawned and stretched and reached for his wooden sword and paper dragon to take home with him , but as his hand clasped the trusty blade he felt it pierce his flesh and made it bleed . 
 stunned , the boy looked at his sword , which had always been too dull to slice through butter , and saw instead a great gilt one with gold braiding and rubies , emeralds , and opals worked into the metal . 
 more surprising still was when the boy turned to look upon the paper dragon and instead found a monstrous beast who had burnt down a large portion of the forest . 
 the boy stumbled backward and tumbled to the ground in fear . 
 but as it was plain the beast was dead the boy summoned enough courage to run away , quick as his legs would carry him . 
 when he reached the edge of the hamlet , dragging the great gilt sword behind him , which he had the presence of mind to bring with him , he found all the peasants crying out in praise . 
 the boy saw at once that his neighbors thought he had slain the great beast and enjoying the praise exceedingly , the boy held the great sword aloft as well as he could with both hands , which was not very well at all , the sword being heavy for a man twice his size . 
 still , all the people cheered and trampled the boy who was quickly overrun by worshipful fans . 
 trying desperately to make his way home through the hoard , which seemed every minute to increase in size , the boy thought it was not at all pleasant to be so admired that one is altogether suffocated with adoration . 
 at last , exhausted , the boy fell into the humble dwelling where he had lived happily with his mother . 
 `` mother , how happy i am to see you ! '' 
 cried the boy , eager to tell her all that had come to pass . 
 `` your highness ! '' 
 was all the woman said , down upon her knees to the very ground she knelt . 
 `` mother ! '' 
 cried the boy , `` what is the matter , why do you call me your highness and kneel down before me ? '' 
 `` beg your pardon , but i am not your mother . 
 you are a prince , the long-lost child of the king who has this very day died making you heir to the throne . '' 
 `` i will go mad ! '' 
 cried the boy , but the woman would only go on kneeling and calling him `` your highness , '' so that the boy saw that he must leave the tender bosom of his home if only to give his mother 's aching knees a rest . 
 the moment the boy stepped out the front door , however , the amorous crowd began to bury him alive once more so that the boy ran with all his might to the gates of the palace . 
 inside the palace the boy was expected and immediately he was whisked away to be bathed and perfumed , coiffed , powdered , dressed , and bejeweled -- a tiresome affair that took half the day to perform . 
 the boy was glad when it was over and took the liberty of some fresh air on the palace grounds . 
 try as the boy might to feel joy in the liberty of walking about without being trampled he felt very much that the starched ruff about his neck chaffed exceedingly , his shoes pinched and blistered at the heel and toe , the iron used to set the curls in his hair had scorched his scalp , and the silk stockings and knee breeches interrupted the cooling breeze from reaching his living breathing flesh so that he only sweated profusely instead . 
 coupled with the lack of any sort of companion the boy burst into tears . 
 the king 's men , who were well paid for their concern , wondered that the king could want for anything having glory , wealth , and power at his disposal . 
 the boy stated that he wished for a companion . 
 all the king 's men nodded their agreement and thought it well that the king felt the want of companionship , for after all , a king must have a queen as the future of the kingdom was dependent upon his producing an heir . 
 the boy grew pale at the news and wished now to be lonely instead . 
 but alas ! 
 it was too late and a future queen had already been sent for . 
 `` do n't i at least get to choose my queen ? '' 
 asked the boy in wonder . 
 but the king 's men explained how marriage was but a political affair and besides , if it was love or honest companionship the king was after he was unlikely to find either , being altogether too glorious , wealthy , and powerful for such another . 
 since there was nothing the boy could do but comply , he sat to a sumptuous feast and thought to himself , at least i will be well fed . 
 unfortunately , as the boy king lay in bed that night he was unable to fall asleep for the food was altogether too rich and fatty , and he lacked the exercise which tires a body and prepares it for rest . 
 `` well , at least this bed is a comfortable place to lie , '' said the boy to himself . 
 but as the morning came the boy had slept in long past the rising of the sun and woke with such a terrible ache in his back from the soft bed that had caused his back to curve . 
 by the time the boy king was once again bathed , perfumed , coiffed , powdered , dressed and bejeweled the day was all but over and he was to be married that very night . 
 when the time came the royal wedding was announced and all came to witness the spectacle . 
 the boy king laid eyes upon his queen-to-be for the first time and thought her exceedingly handsome . 
 `` at least i will have a beautiful wife , '' said the boy king to himself . 
 as it turned out , however , the queen was of the purest royal blood and so as a result was more blue than peach , more sickly than healthy , more cross than pleasant , more stupid than clever . 
 and as to that beauty which the boy king thought at first to have witnessed was in fact the devising of false lashes , woven hair , potted rouge , greasepaint , and a thousand little contrivances that fortunately for the boy king kept the queen at her dress most of the day . 
 `` alas ! '' 
 sighed the boy , `` if only i had something to occupy myself with at least i should not be so bored and lonesome . '' 
 one of the king 's men had overheard this lament and willing to do what he was so well paid for told the others who were glad to hear it , for after all , peace is rather boring and so they set off to start a war . 
 the war , however , like all the other things had brought the boy king only more unrest . 
 so the sun rose and set and the seasons changed without the boy king 's notice , being busy with campaigns , dressing , soft beds , and indigestion . 
 over time the king grew fat and sluggish and one day cried out aloud that he wished himself in a grave rather than out of one . 
 the last request of the king was answered by one among his own men who only sought to do what he was well paid for and , after all , why should he not be king as well as anyone else ? 
 it would be a sad tale for the boy who wished for glory , wealth , and power if it had ended thus . 
 but fortunately for him it was only a midsummer night 's dream and the fairies instead of spiriting him away had gifted the boy with wisdom so that the following day he awoke with the sun and ran to join the others with a wooden sword in one hand and a paper dragon in the other . 
 over the years the boy grew and prospered , after all , he had a great spirit to begin with , but he never forgot what he had learned that night . 
 though he garnered for himself glory , it was for his kindness and generosity ; though he was in abundance of wealth it was shared with and among neighbors and friends ; and though he had gained great respect and thereby power , it was that of inspiring great love so that in maintaining the balance of all things , in honoring the rhythms of nature , and in recognizing the beauty of the simple and elemental aspects of life the boy lived , laughed , and loved at his leisure desirous of nothing but what he already possessed in himself . 
 the conjuror 's tale once upon a midnight green , where fireflies and fairy 's wings bat at the air and waft fragrant breezes ; while the gypsies at their campfire danced to rhapsodies of stringed instruments and strung bells , a young conjurer sat off to one side , hidden in the shadows . 
 issuing from that dark passage that links before-life and waking-life the girl carried over , like cosmic contraband , the light of that other world which naturally extinguishes at birth so that we behold with new eyes a world wholly new . 
 but still having that rare spark in her possession the girl woke in blackness . 
 the eyes she had saw , but rarer light , distant , mysterious , sublime , and seeing all this , could see nothing of greens and fireflies , of tongues of flame and frenzied hips . 
 so her eyes had been bound up with a strip of white linen knotted at the back of her head to save those about her the terror of slipping into the abyss . 
 for black they were , her eyes , like that chaos before light , dark and wild . 
 she sat at the edge of the light , a tiny thing , with her hands bound before her , and as the music railed on and the warmth of the fire grew more heated , the conjuror rose and stood before the flames . 
 the music stopped , the dancers ceased to dance , and silence descended upon the gipsy camp all at once and all commanding . 
 `` there was a boy ... '' said the girl , and the flames burst to life and showed a boy . 
 `` the boy was bold ... '' said the girl , and she mirrored his walk before the eager camp . 
 `` he had a knife ... '' and before anything could be done , she seized a curve tipped dagger from the hip of a gypsy giant . 
 the boy in the flames also had a knife . 
 `` there was an uncle ... '' and here the conjuror 's demeanor changed so completely , her walk so entirely , her carriage so unmistakable , that there was no doubt it was the uncle they spied , and as before the flames showed the uncle . 
 `` a fearsome blood thirsty man ... '' and the girl leaped out like the fire that inflamed as if fueled by the uncle 's cruelty . 
 the crowd fell back . 
 her hands were tied , but the glint of the curve tipped blade still quivered in the shadow . 
 `` there was a girl too , '' she said , and the fire melted into a soft rosy glow . 
 `` an innocent . '' 
 there was a long pause and the silence was foreboding . 
 the enchanted crowd who had leapt back now drew close again as the story continued . 
 `` come , said the boy with a humble bow . '' 
 down she bowed to the very ground . 
 `` my uncle ! '' 
 cried the conjuror , and a face drawn long with terror appeared in the flames before the face of the conjurer in just the same posture , no more than a foot in front of her . 
 into those eyes all looked with pity . 
 `` come , said the boy , come , '' and the conjuror beckoned to the crowd with her finger , and so tender , so moving was the plea that the crowd unknowingly fell in toward her as if they would come . 
 `` you ! '' 
 she sprang with a fierceness ; and the crowd shrieked . 
 `` yes , i , '' cried the boy defiantly , `` and i 've brought a friend . '' 
 and here the knife was recalled to sight . 
 what issued next was so terrible a laugh , so cruel a mirth , that it terrified more than the blade . 
 but in the midst of this demon cackle the conjurer stopped , her mouth fell open , and she gasped for breath clutching her hands to her stomach . 
 the boy in the flames had sheathed the blade in the stomach of the ruthless uncle , and as he fell to the ground the conjuror fell to the ground , every bit in agony as the villain in the tale . 
 `` the lovers ran , '' whispered the girl on the floor . 
 `` they made their way -- '' here she coughed like one about to expire . 
 `` they made their way beyond the valley of the sultan -- '' here again , she stopped to catch her fading breath , `` -- whose reign of terror was at an end . '' 
 and at the end , the conjuror and the flame fell to darkness . 
 sure that the story was over , the camp erupted in the usual chatter at this , their nightly spectacle . 
 no one minded the conjuror who now lay passed out upon the floor , except the giant whose blade she had seized and who now replaced it upon his hip . 
 the fire rekindled but a little , and the gypsies retreated one by one to their own beds , happy and refreshed . 
 the conjuror woke in the morning , her cheek pressed down upon the dirt where she had fainted . 
 as it was their custom to be always on the move the gypsies packed away their things and the conjuror with them , all in colored wagons and on pack mules . 
 on down the dirt path over hills of green they rolled with the slow but determined movement particular to those going nowhere and with no purpose but to do as they had done all the days before , travel and hunt by day and feast and make merry by night . 
 it so happened that not far up the path they met with a troubadour , who was himself a lone wanderer . 
 always glad of another musician and storyteller , the gypsies invited him to travel with them as long as they were headed in the same direction , and pleased to have some company the troubadour happily accepted . 
 they travelled on until day became night when it was time to unpack what little they had and make a meal of the fowl caught that day on their journey , which together with homemade beer made for a humble but pleasant meal . 
 out came the feast , the tents , and the instruments , and last of all , led by the same rope that bound her wrists , the conjuror . 
 the troubadour was struck to the heart by the sight and asked one beside him what they meant by blindfolding and binding the innocent 's wrists . 
 `` innocent ! '' 
 laughed the gypsy giant , `` hah ! 
 you speak of innocence before you 've seen what she can do . 
 she is a witch , that one , a conjurorer , and she is more dangerous than this dagger at my hip ! '' 
 he said with a nod . 
 it was the very same dagger than had been seized from his belt only the night before and was now severed the head of an unlucky pheasant . 
 but the troubadour persisted in spite of the warning and even before it , he became fascinated by the girl who seemed resigned to her fate . 
 `` but why do they bind her eyes so ? '' 
 asked the troubadour unable to keep from looking at the tiny source of so much fear . 
 `` see for yourself if you like , '' said the gypsy man with a smile , `` but do n't say i did n't warn you . '' 
 and so there in the dark , with the gypsies hard at work in their preparations for the night 's revels , the troubadour slipped to the conjuror 's side , who as always was seated at the cusp of the shadows upon a bale of hay . 
 he knelt down before her and went to slip the bandage from over her eyes . 
 unused to being touched the conjuror was startled and cried out , `` who 's there ? '' 
 but the troubadour had laid his fingers gently to her mouth to plead her silence and just as quickly won it , for there was much more meaning in that touch than words could convey , cumbersome and prone as they are to exaggerations and untruths . 
 no , this was a different language one spoken with only through the eyes . 
 but as her eyes were bound and blackened to the things of that world , he conveyed that look with a touch instead and she , with that intuitive gift of seeing beyond , understood . 
 and so the troubadour slid back the bandage and looked into eternity , for there it lay in those dark empty pools of open space . 
 forever and a moment collapsed like a star giving birth to a black hole and the troubadour had both seen and was seen . 
 what it meant the conjuror did not know , but she was seized with a premonition that caused her to plead him to flee the camp . 
 `` i fear for you -- '' she cried , `` it is a wild magic that seizes me , the music and the burning heat of the fire -- ! '' 
 `` come , '' said the troubadour taking her hand . 
 `` but they will never let me go ! '' 
 said the girl as her opaline tears colored in the firelight , tears that fell from the endless galaxy of her dark glassy stare . 
 `` come , come , '' said the troubadour , his hand clasping hers . 
 but all the while the gypsies had been working and the fire had been built , and it roared defiantly at the darkness that everywhere threatened to consume it . 
 and the gypsy giant , seeing that the troubadour too long had looked into the conjuror 's eyes , eyes that no other could bear to look upon , and too tenderly had held that hand , too coaxingly had spoken those words , saw some treachery was afoot and cried , `` the music ! '' 
 all at once the instruments sprang to life , the dancers danced , the fire was stoked , and the conjuror was seized in a trance from which , try as he might , the troubadour could not wake her . 
 up she stood , in a dream she walked to the edge of the fire , `` there was a -- '' but there she stopped . 
 the troubadour had lifted his instrument and began to play . 
 `` there was a girl they called the conjuror , '' he sang . 
 and as he sang all fell silent . 
 `` a girl , whose eyes had never seen light , whose hands were ever bound with twine , who like the moon in darkness lay , until the sun chanced to spy luna in her orbit . '' 
 `` play , play ! '' 
 shouted the gypsy giant , seeing how it would end . 
 but all had fallen under the spell of the troubadour 's tale and on he played without interruption . 
 `` and so the sun , looking into darkness , saw what light could not reveal , the infinite and the nothing . '' 
 `` play , do you hear me , play ! '' 
 shouted the angry giant seeing that they would lose . 
 `` luna was the shadow to his light , the chaos that births creation , her wild magic conceived the spark , that lit the world . '' 
 the gypsy giant looked about and saw that the camp had been enchanted . 
 a fury rose up within the giant that set his heart to flames , and he leapt up and with one hand seized the neck of the troubadour , intent upon snapping it in two as he had done the pheasant . 
 but the conjuror , for whom the troubadour 's song seemed to bring that awful power within her grasp , had heard his fury , had felt the burn of the flames grown ever higher , and had , with all that unearthly strength , seized at the same moment the curve tipped dagger , had leapt upon the great gypsy 's back , and had plunged the fierce blade through his heart . 
 the troubadour stood stunned , looking at the giant whose fingers clasped loosely about his neck , whose eyes the shroud of death had sealed , eyes whose hatred the troubadour could not bear to look upon . 
 and so he fell , the gypsy giant , and upon his back stood the young conjuror , her black eyes all aglow with the radiant light that mirrored the fire in the troubadour 's eyes . 
 `` come , '' said the troubadour one last time , with a world of meaning behind it , holding out his open hand . 
 the conjuror , no more subject to , but the wielder of that mighty force now that the troubadour was there to channel her , said nothing , but only looked upon him with eyes infinite as the heavens and placed her hand in his . 
 into the night the troubadour and the conjuror stole , into the night beyond the valley and into lands beyond the day where , sun and moon , they both gave birth to innumerable worlds sprung from fire and set to music , an endless intercourse of chaos and creation . 
 love is a force more devastating than hate , more powerful than the hypnotic . 
 wild like the woods book two : tales of despair wild like the woods she stole into by the light of the ripe moon , she crept barefooted in the snow . 
 the cold had no effect , not like the light that danced across the winter landscape . 
 she was of the wood , a feral child from birth and beautiful , so beautiful ! 
 it was on a night just like this one -- still , serene , sacred -- that a huntsman and bridegroom came upon a pack of gray wolves feasting of a hart newly caught . 
 realizing himself to be in grave danger the huntsman backed away slowly , gripping his dagger , afraid to inhale , to summon that life-giving breath which he moved only to save . 
 but as he backed away , as the wolves closed in upon him flashing gory daggers of their own , they disclosed a secret . 
 within the center of their circle sat a three-years girl-child . 
 her big bold eyes looked black and glossy in the bright moonlight , and her tangled mess of hair was spangled with virgin snow . 
 the huntsman breathed at last and smiled to look upon what was so beautiful , so uncorrupted . 
 as captivated as the huntsman was by those child 's eyes , he failed to see below were lips and a mouth that suckled upon something black , like a small purse . 
 the slick black , it dripped from her hands and down her child 's arms . 
 but even the blackness was beautiful , there in those hands , by that celestial half-light and among the gray wolves who one by one gave their lives to protect what was to them also , beautiful . 
 bitten and bloody , the huntsman at last made it to the center where the hart lay open and the child still sat suckling . 
 he spoke gently to it and inch by inch moved toward it . 
 the child seemed to know nothing of cold or fear . 
 her exposed flesh hidden only here and there by a mantle of snow , did not so much as tremble , and the eyes that looked boldly at the huntsman saw nothing to be moved by to either terror or joy . 
 like a statuette in marble the child sat , cold and white and impervious . 
 but as the huntsman made like he would scoop up the child in his arms , he recognized a flash of the wolf in those eyes , the bared bloody first-set teeth , and an unearthly growl that rolled like a calm gentle thunder deep in the belly of the girl-child . 
 she was calm , contained , in control and it was the huntsman who for a moment felt both fear and loathing . 
 he shook the feeling , nearly numb with cold , and quicker than those infant legs , he caught the girl and ran with all his might back to the cottage where his still blushing bride awaited him . 
 her smile melted till it dripped revealing a cavern of horror beneath as she looked upon her husband and the girl-child in his arms , bloodstained and naked and spangled with snow . 
 casting her off at the last the huntsman fell into a mortal sleep and the young bride stood terrified , the bloody baby staining her hands also , with blood . 
 it was a day , two days , three days , that the huntsman lay in a delirium , cast somewhere between waking and sleep , and seeing everywhere around him things of this world and not of this world . 
 his wounds had been cleansed and dressed and the shadow of death had faded from over his brow . 
 all was as it had been except for one small , insignificant thing . 
 there remained a pale silvery scar in the shape of a half-moon upon his chest where the girl-child had bitten him . 
 there his blood mingled with the blood of the hart , whose blood the child had nursed upon in her innocence . 
 this transfusion , this co-mingling of blood , from hart to heart , had left a mark upon the huntsman in more ways than one . 
 the girl-child , who had inspired within him a feeling of disgust had now some claim upon him , some hidden power that made the huntsman prey to her whims . 
 they were small insignificant things , the whims he sated , but like a subtle poison that needs only a few drops to perform its fatal task , they poisoned the wife against her husband . 
 where he doted , she resented , where he coddled , she grew embittered against her sex . 
 the years passed as years are like to do and no child of their own was conceived . 
 one among them was sterile and what distance the girl-child had unwittingly caused between husband and wife was sealed with the knowledge that no blood of their own would ever co-mingle , ever bind and perpetuate their nature or their form . 
 the years performed their magic and with patience the girl learned to quell what was always inside . 
 she held a spoon with tolerable ease ; she stood erect with graceful carriage ; she wore shoes , and dressed , and her hair , dark and exotic like lustrous wood , was pinned and tucked , a thousand laid up curls . 
 nothing but her tongue , forever silenced to the language of man , and her solitary disposition remained of her feral infancy . 
 nothing remained but what the fruitful moon could not undo . 
 it was then , when the moon was full , that she came all undone . 
 her gait softened , fluid , liquid , light ; and her shoes left off one by one buried somewhere in the snow . 
 her hair tumbled from her head like the curtain of night to set off the shimmer of the bouncing moon and the ceaseless stars . 
 she was a wild thing and she wandered where the wild things were . 
 one night when the house was still and the snow lay in droves upon the ground , she wandered off on a lunar promenade . 
 in a clearing convex like a bowl she stood transfixed . 
 the moon held her in a trance and a gust of wind , spurred on by the circular lay of the land flew through her hair so that it leapt and flapped and frenzied above her head like a flock of magpies eager to break free in search of the glittering , shiny things all about her . 
 the moon and the stars and the diamonds in the snow swirled too , dancing round and round the girl who stood , it seemed , upon the umbilicus of the earth . 
 then from chaos came a stillness , a death like stillness , and the girl 's eyes were spirited away from the poet 's moon to see themselves adored in other eyes . 
 golden , liquid , amber eyes ; they melted all existence like snow before two blazing suns . 
 what mortal beast with youth 's firm sinew looked on from amidst the arbor shadows ? 
 the gray-maned wolf watched . 
 he watched her in rapture . 
 he watched as , turning her eyes from the light of the heavens under whose cool beams her flesh shone almondine , the subtle blush of an unravelling rose came to kiss the pale of her cheek , her lip , her neck , and what more beneath , he wondered , what more . 
 all this when her gaze turned upon him . 
 what wonder , to wonder , the gray wolf thought . 
 what a thing to think , and in thinking , to have thought , bearing the past into the present and with it presentiments of a time to come . 
 all this the wolf experienced . 
 experience transformed the wolf who even as a wolf had known , had intuited instinctually , had recognized in the pangs of a racing pulse , his blood-mate . 
 but now he more than felt , he thought and wondered and knew both the blessing and the curse of man . 
 experience had made of the wolf a man . 
 he left the shadowy arbor of the night to stand in the reflected light of day and the glow of what was in his eyes more radiant still . 
 it was a man who emerged , and the girl saw nothing of the wolf but the eyes , which held her in their orbs , locked in their orbs , transfixed in those golden , liquid orbs . 
 the eyes yet spoke of the wolf within , and no sound could he make but his native cry . 
 cry , the young man cried a cry to shatter the night ! 
 man or wolf , both being divine , love will transform all the same and each individually . 
 moved by the primordial howl of the lovesick pup , a howl that brought with it a latent memory of the girl 's first mother , first family , forgotten life , she pursed lips . 
 cry ! 
 the girl cried out against the shivering moon ! 
 cried out to the lately-come-man ! 
 cried because she had a voice at last . 
 the cry of love , the heaving , howling , growling , whimpering , whining . 
 what need had they for words , this was their native tongue . 
 `` the wolves are mad tonight ! '' 
 said the huntsman to his wife . 
 `` a witch 's moon hangs high in the sky . 
 it is mating season , '' said the wife with some bitterness . 
 `` see how my hair prickles and stands on end , i fear good wife , for well i know that wild things lie outside these walls . '' 
 `` a huntsman who fears for his life ! 
 ah me , i married a man but am wed to a hind ! '' 
 `` a hart at least ! '' 
 said the husband , `` but it is true , i have not taste nor stomach for blood . '' 
 `` not since that night ! '' 
 said the wife . 
 `` not since then , '' sighed the husband . 
 `` will they never cease ! '' 
 cried the huntsman , clasping his ears . 
 `` not till they conceive , '' said the wife , butchering some venison with a cleaver . 
 `` i can not stand it ! '' 
 `` nor more can i ! 
 hunt , hunt you fool ! 
 when is a wolf more vulnerable than when it is in season ! '' 
 `` i can not , i can not ! '' 
 and the huntsman clotted his ears with some wool and huddled in the corner , his eyes wild and his hair on end . 
 something about the clip , clip of the cleaver on the chopping block , the raw red meat , the blood , the cooking fire , the howling of the wolves , and the terrified huntsman crouching in the corner , was too much ; was just enough . 
 `` then i will go ! '' 
 said the wife , wild with rage . 
 `` i 'll kill them myself ! '' 
 she raved . 
 `` these hands stained so long ago with blood , what is more blood to hands that can never more be white . '' 
 and without so much as a cloak for the cold , she set out with the bloody cleaver in her hand and her red , red hair in a fiery rage atop her head . 
 `` you 're mad ! '' 
 shouted the husband after her , `` mad ! '' 
 she ran through the snow , leaving a trail of blood behind her drip , drip , dripping from the cleaver . 
 louder and louder the love cries sounded fueling the hot redness of the mad wife 's fury . 
 like a fox she stole into the lover 's bower swinging her cleaver . 
 it might have been the madness or some trick of the bewitching moon , or it might have been that the lovers had taken the form of their true nature ; whatever it was they appeared as wolves to her eyes , and she struck at her disdain . 
 and the girl recoiled with a yelp of pain . 
 confusion reigned ! 
 the male wolf snapped and snarled and flashed his teeth , ears erect and fur bristling , a wild attack that saw nothing of its enemy . 
 the wife was recalled to her senses for a moment and the instinct of self-preservation . 
 she fled back to the cottage , cackling as she went . 
 locked in love 's embrace , the male nursed his wounded mate , but having the mind of man he feared the wound was mortal and knowing nothing of the healing arts , having been a man for such a short while , he carried the girl back to the huntsman 's cottage and delivered her in at the window . 
 he let out a yelp of pain and ran in among the trees . 
 the huntsman heard the cry and fearing for his adopted daughter , threw back the door and found her , blood marring the white sheets . 
 `` wife ! 
 wife ! '' 
 cried the huntsman upon her return , `` come quick ! 
 the girl , she is wounded ! '' 
 but the wife did nothing . 
 `` please ! 
 come , you must do something ! '' 
 the wife cackled . 
 `` fool ! '' 
 she cried . 
 `` look , '' said the huntsman , `` she is wounded here in the arm . '' 
 the wife looked amused until she saw , and in seeing , recognized the wound she had cleaved in the night . 
 though the wife was mad she was also clever and saw something to be gained hereby . 
 `` quick husband , boil some water and fetch me some clean linen , we must bind this wound before she bleeds to death . '' 
 the husband ran out quickly , hardly able to think so out of his mind with worry . 
 `` now my dear , '' said the wife when she and the girl were alone together , `` i 'll tell you what i 'm going to do . 
 i 'm going to keep your secret and i 'm going to nurse you until your belly grows fat and round . 
 then i will take back the children that you have stolen , my marriage right , those many years ago ! '' 
 the girl was weak with loss of blood , but she growled and clawed and bared her teeth as if she would rip the flesh from the wife 's face . 
 seeing an opportunity in this the wife cackled and scraping her long dirty nails along the side of her own face she drew blood and shrieked , `` husband , come see ! 
 she is gone mad ! 
 look , she has drawn blood ! '' 
 the huntsman rushed in to see the girl faint with want of blood , but in her eyes flashed daggers . 
 `` i do n't believe it , '' said the huntsman , but the wife made such a show of the matter that though he was loath to do it , he bound up the hands of the girl and turned away , a look of shame and pity heavy on his brow . 
 one lunar month came to a close and the moon was again ripe and round , but the curtains were drawn and the girl 's hands were bound . 
 her body ached with want of movement and the call of the wild sang out , called her out . 
 `` come , '' cried the moon , cried the night , `` come and dance among the stars amidst the snow , come , come where the wild things wander . '' 
 she shook and trembled and fought fiercely against the bindings , against the curtain that drowned out the night . 
 then she heard it . 
 at first it sounded as if from a distance , but it grew louder , more desperate , the cry of the gray wolf to his mate . 
 it was in that moment , when the sound of the wailing beast broke the sacred stillness of night , that she experienced what was more than feeling , what was being , and in being she was transformed . 
 the she-wolf bit free her bindings , tore back the curtain that separated her from her true nature , and leapt through the window out into the open , into the wild , beyond the world of men . 
 the wife shrieked with rage and plucking the clever from off the block she burst into the room , her red hair flashing and flaming , or so it seemed by the light of the naked moon . 
 `` wife ! '' 
 cried the husband , running behind her , running to stop her in one last effort to save the child , the girl , the wolf that he had brought home one night all those years ago . 
 `` out of my way you fool ! '' 
 cried the wife , and she sunk the cleaver into the huntsman 's head and he fell dead on the spot . 
 *** clip , clip , sang the cleaver as the wife cleaved the meat upon the chopping block . 
 the cooking fire crackled hungrily now while the wife stirred the stew with a great wooden spoon . 
 the lovers were long gone ; the wife cackled and fed on what remained of the poor huntsman . 
 and the days , they rippled into months , and the months , they rippled into years , and yet still there lived the huntsman 's wife , now white-haired and doubled over with age , more legend than mortal ; the consumed , consuming , the vengeful , childless , eater of children , the mad woman of the forest . 
 the woodwind instrument once upon a time , in a vast desert there stood a lone tree sculpted , twisted and bent by heat and wind . 
 the desert was deadly and any who stumbled upon it was sooner or later burnt by the scorching sun and blown away like grains of sand by the wearisome , constant wind . 
 only the twisted tree lived on . 
 one day the twisted tree , aching and world-weary , died of despair and the marrow dried up and blew away so that nothing remained but the hard bark . 
 and still , the wind raged on . 
 the wind wailed and screamed . 
 the mirthless wind wound its way through the tunnel of the tree . 
 but the tree had buried roots so deep , roots so broad , that it sprouted up in other lands across the divide of the deep dark underground . 
 and the wind travelled on , down through the roots and up through the trees in gentler lands . 
 the wind came up and out the other side , and the more it raged , the more it tried , the more triumphant the music it made . 
 in time the twisted tree became a thing of legend . 
 no one who had seen the deadly desert or the woodwind tree had lived to tell of it but the storytellers , who have other ways of knowing . 
 the story goes that the woodwind tree had died of grief after a lifetime of seeking , with its roots outstretched , seeking , a gentler sun , a softer breeze , a wholesome sand . 
 the twisted tree had been an instrument of something greater than itself , had become the instrument that strung all other instruments together . 
 one day someone , somewhere , heard the sound , and seeking found that there came from the wind passing through the tree , a resonance . 
 seeing what wind could do , that someone clipped a branch , that was itself a branch of the original , and crafted first a simple flute , and where once only wind had passed , now he blew the breath of life and from it music was born . 
 still , something sad remains , it seems to me , in the blissful slack and quickening of wood and wind and string ; the breath of life too lately come , an echo of despair that will one day birth triumph . 
 the broken-hearted lover once upon a time a girl lived in a small village in a pocket of the world not largely traveled . 
 there she kept to herself and her ways , mostly solitary . 
 she loved books , and the moon , and the sunset all golden on the water . 
 she loved all in the world that was beautiful and rare , and all that was deceptively mundane because it was always there . 
 like the village stone , the red , red skirts of a lady 's dress , and the ringing sound and folded curves of well-worn laughter . 
 she loved many things , but no one . 
 one day she discovered someone new in the village , a baker 's boy working rolls of dough in the back . 
 he had black , black hair , and clear green eyes , and a shy smile . 
 the girl took the smile and met with it , then went on with her work . 
 after a short while she came back to look through the open window , because she could n't not . 
 because already it was too late and the old familiar tale had begun . 
 they were lovers to begin with but friendship swelled alongside love like a companion , two rivers from one source . 
 i could tell of kisses and touch and dancing light from eye to eye , but what really mattered , the great difference , was that the girl had laid bare her heart , and the boy 's had swelled with it , swelled because of it , had become more than it had been . 
 but no course of love was ever smooth . 
 the boy , whose heart had swelled with the discovery of secrets too sacred for prying eyes swelled in head too , and the rhythm of his step grew bold , a dead-beat swagger , and he wondered what other treasures beyond hers swelled for him . 
 what others ? 
 one day a circus came to the village , a blighted , striped canvas of rogues and fools . 
 the boy took the girl to the circus to see some spectacle and there he caught the eye of an aerial performer and they exchanged in looks what the girl had exchanged with her heart . 
 when the show was over , the night late , the girl wished to return to the home that they had been building together . 
 but the boy would n't go , the low company in their cups was what he chose and the girl jilted , walked home in the dark all alone . 
 the hours passed and he did not return and her heart beat fiery and red with worry and anger . 
 finally , she could stand it no more and she ran to the tent and threw back the dirty canvas flap and there was the boy doing all i could have told you of touch and kisses and dancing light from eye to eye . 
 to amuse the aerial performer , he told her he could hit any target with the point of his knife , which would she have ? 
 the aerial performer giggled and looked around and saw the blood red glow of something against the moonlight . 
 `` there ! '' 
 she cried , with shrieks of laughter . 
 `` as you wish , '' said the boy , all heavy with his own pleasure . 
 so he took aim and let the knife fly and struck his target so completely that it split the red pulsing heart in two ... a heart can not die it can only be mutilated . 
 the heart cut in two beats on to the tattoo of two pulses : i am love . 
 i am hate . 
 i am hope . 
 i am despair . 
 i am forgiveness . 
 i am terror . 
 i am strength . 
 i am defeated . 
 i am tears . 
 i am rending fists . 
 i am pure . 
 i am defiled . 
 i am betrayed . 
 i am betrayed . 
 i am betrayed . 
 lady of the river rent the tale of the lady is an old one , long forgotten among wilder tales of valor and chance . 
 the tale of the lady is not one of these , it is a quiet , despairing sort of tale . 
 it takes place on a tiny island in the center of a river so that the island rent the river in two . 
 there on the tiny island stood a tall spire built of no known substance . 
 it was made of one single shaft whose shape was not smooth , but shot and jutted out unevenly . 
 in places it was pierced so that it looked delicate as lace , and in others , like sharp warning spikes that said come not near . 
 the people who lived along the river rarely spoke of the spire and its magic , and when they did , they spoke in hushed tones . 
 they feared the magic and the one who lived there , at the highest point . 
 they spoke of the distant wail in the night , which some claimed was only an errant wind , ignoring the dreamy thing that called from across the river . 
 it wove a spell around the listener who chanced to hear its call in the evening breeze , a spell that warned , come not near . 
 on the island , in the lonesome tower sat a lady at her loom . 
 night and day she wove with endless colors and endless threads the tapestry of life . 
 she sat before a great oval mirror and saw nothing in it but her own face and the reflection of the world beyond . 
 spinning , spinning , weaving , weaving , she neither looked at the beauty of the work at hand , nor did she have any say in what came from her nimble fingers as she wove , because on her loom were woven fates . 
 on her loom paths were chosen , the way led by the wander 's feet to whatever fate that path would lead . 
 she in weary sighs sang of loneliness , of shadows , of threads that would never end . 
 she sang and sighed one long , low cry that the people heard only by night when all was silent and still except the whispering wind , the crickets , and the frogs among the lilies . 
 forever , it seems , she had cried ; forever locked within the spire on the island that rent the river . 
 one day as she watched , in her world weary way , the reflections in the glass , her eyes were seized by something that glittered in the distance ; something she saw coming toward the river . 
 her fingers paused and her face flushed pink , and silent was her song at the vision across the river . 
 the vision was golden and cast off bright rays of light . 
 she sighed one last despairing sigh . 
 she knew this day was the day she would die . 
 she saw , in the happy colored threads of silk , a tragic course . 
 his fate would meet him at his feet , this path that he had chosen . 
 nearer and nearer the vision came , the resplendence becoming clearer , revealing the careless , beautiful face of man . 
 he reflected the magic and might of a false light , most sacred mystery , most awful power , the stamped and molded gold of men . 
 he did not hear her cries , her sighs , which warned the traveler , come not near ; he walked to the water 's edge without fear . 
 in the waning twilight , he looked up the great spire and spotted the reflection of the one before the mirror . 
 what an awful sight ! 
 the weaver of fate . 
 what awesome beauty ! 
 that spinner of magic . 
 he began to climb the jutting tower , drawn to what it was not for man to see , the tapestry of life . 
 the higher he climbed , the more blood dripped from his hands , the substance of the spire cutting like shards of glass . 
 but he would climb on , drawn by curiosity to make known , the unknown , and to understand what can not be by reason understood . 
 he climbed up the spire drawn by another kind of magic , terrestrial and arrogant , the science of men . 
 she had made her choice , she chose her path , that keeper of fate . 
 she looked down at the tapestry of life , its edges fraying from want of weaving . 
 then she dropped a tear for what came now near , and the earthly magic that would seek to learn the power of the weaver and the woven ; to seize its power and blaspheme it with immeasurable observations . 
 she stood in her bower and looked with her own eyes out the great spire ; and the mirror shattered ; and the tapestry before her ceased to be ; and out the window the lady leapt , down , down , to her own death rather than lay bare to the naked eye of man the great mystery of life . 
 the weaver of fate lay impaled . 
 then the spire ceased to gleam and with nothing in between it and the prying eyes of man , it too fell , like so much shattered glass . 
 and pry though he might with his critical eye , the golden man of the dawn could see nothing but the fragments in his fingers . 
 and his curiosity no longer peaked , he walked on past the great lone spire that once stood on the island that rent the river . 
 on he walked in one straight line with no purpose and so met with no meaning , and soon the magic of the spire and the weaver of fate were long forgotten . 
 all that remains is this tale of the lady of the spire , on the island that once rent the river , and where once was woven the tapestry of life . 
 the blighted house there beneath the shade of the willow weeping , wounded and seeping and curtained in darkness , lies a dark secret . 
 the darkness , once planted , blighted the land , blighted the house that near it stands , blighted the wailing woman inside its walls . 
 the bricks , once strong , have long since crumbled ; the mortar long since chipped away ; the garden beds choked by tall yellowed grasses . 
 the door to the house , once bright and blue , stands dark and ajar , no chip of paint to tell what once had been . 
 nothing remains ; nothing but the woman behind the crumbling wall . 
 like some evil in-between , like some lonesome weary hell , not hot , but cold , not fiery but old . 
 wasted , lived the woman behind the crumbling wall . 
 the blight had drained the color from her face until a gray pallor was all that remained . 
 so faded the color of her dress , so faded the joy from every tress , the woman behind the crumbling wall . 
 no night or day dared visit that place , always gray , always dreary , always faded , always weary . 
 she paced the rotted floor boards , her velvet slippers long stripped of their nap , long frayed and fallen away so that her bare feet , all dry and gray , echoed the melancholy of the place ; that place behind the crumbling wall . 
 the wall all crumbled there remained , always crumbling , never falling away but remaining always falling . 
 she built that wall with her own hand , brick by brick she laid the way that pinned her in that awful space where today she still remains , the woman of the crumbling wall . 
 no cries of laughter , no birth , no death . 
 no children playing , no mothers scolding , all long forgotten behind the crumbling wall . 
 first she loved , then love turned to spite . 
 she waited on that dark , cold , terrible night , for some sight of her lover . 
 he never came , and brick by brick she laid the wall around her thick . 
 up and up and up it went , shutting out the light without , and the weeping of the weeping willow . 
 it cast a gloom upon her place , a darker shade of endless gray . 
 she never looked through the broken panes , never looked in the glass at her wasted face , she did nothing but pace the dismal space on the floor boards always rotting . 
 no mouse came crawling along the papered wall , long since torn by nails , bleeding , waiting for her love to come . 
 no termite dared infest the place , the wood too rotted for their taste . 
 and spiders that rest in corners waiting , seeking a fly to wrap in silk , did not stop at that broken house , the house behind the crumbling wall . 
 that love that once lived in that bower no longer laughed , nor slept , nor ate , nor dreamt in the evening beside the warm fire . 
 she haunted in the stead of his place . 
 `` he never came , he never came . 
 would that i could recall his name ! '' 
 she wept and worried , her hands ever shaking , ever clawing , ever wrapping round and round , one about the other . 
 her eyes were stained with reddest blood , her mouth all agape . 
 her heart she lost , buried in his grave . 
 `` he 'll never come , he 'll never come , he liked too well that other one ! '' 
 that other one , she knew her well , the one he 'd kissed against the tavern wall . 
 the one he 'd kiss no more . 
 and while she wailed and tugged at the papery skin of her fists , the he that once had lived , and lived there , in a grave did rot and rot , and rot , again and again , in that land of blight . 
 she struck him with a fatal blow that night , the very night he was with that other one , kissing against the tavern wall . 
 she never forgave and so dug his grave to keep him always near , and away from that other one . 
 dying , dying , she still remains , never to know life again , nor death . 
 never will she rest . 
 from that day to this , she wanders back and forth on the rotted boards , recalling not , but , `` he never came , he never came . 
 would that i could recall his name ! 
 he 'll never come , he 'll never come , he 's gone to rest with that other one . '' 
 the corruption there once existed , but once in this world , one who was purity embodied . 
 how she had slipped unseen from mother nature 's keen eye i can not tell , only that she did , or else fanciful mother that she is , let slip this one , this once , uncorrupted . 
 she was no innocent because everywhere she saw the causes and effects of debauchery . 
 the streets were mud , the air foul and choked with billows of gray-white snow and gray - white smoke . 
 the very air was intermixed , was both pure and corrupt . 
 all who looked at purity looked at her strangely , the stranger among them . 
 as she was pure , debauchery would not keep her company and she was alone in a crowded world . 
 purity , being another kind of thing , dreamt and pined and drew great pictures in her mind of another who , like herself , was purity embodied . 
 one day , as she sat upon the grass with wildflowers all in bloom , their colors intermixed , lonelier than she had ever been , she chanced to hear the small sweet cry of someone nearby -- someone on the other side . 
 purity looked and there she spied one even more beautiful than she . 
 tall as a willow and just as graceful , like a warm breeze caressing its cascade of branches . 
 her skin like a babe 's , her mouth like a bud , her cheek , a hint of peach , and askance , she saw purity looking at her curiously . 
 why does the lady cry ? 
 purity asked and more besides , like who she was and how she came to weep on the other side ? 
 the lady , shy like a doe with a doe 's own eyes , made to run across the meadow . 
 purity wondered , in her heart she dreaded , was she a fey come to tempt , to lure by beauty to that other side ? 
 how could such pure beauty be corrupted ? 
 she must be , oh must be , a thing like me ! 
 so purity , in her gentle way , invited the lady from the other side , and being bidden , the lady came . 
 purity in joy wept tears to see another so uncorrupted . 
 fast friends they became , running through the meadow , fluid as the tree , the tree that weeps . 
 your name ? 
 asked purity . 
 i can not say , do not ask me , came the lady , who grew pale and trembled . 
 be at peace that i am as pure as thee , but ask not my name , for i can not say until night turns to day . 
 purity looked at the lady and wondered , the dread rearing up again in her heart . 
 well , she said , so long as you are pure as me , what matters your name , i shall but love thee all the same . 
 the lady laughed and contrived to shed a tear , something like a pearl but clear . 
 the tear made her beauty redouble in strength . 
 purity was in love with the lady , who , like herself , was uncorrupted . 
 and so when day slipped from gold to night 's bright light , the moon being full in her cycle , the lady began again to weep . 
 she had nowhere to stay now that she had been bidden from the other side . 
 stay ? 
 why you will share my bed ! 
 what sweetness will it be to spend the night , this brighter night than i have seen in all my life , like sisters in this meadow . 
 and so the lady brightened and they began to play , to tussle , and then to lay among the wildflower 's sweet scent , their colors all intermixed . 
 the lady crept closer and modestly lowered her eyes , the laughter faded , more hungry than bright . 
 purity reached out and touched her face , lifted up her sweet child 's chin , and stroked the bud bursting to bloom . 
 drink of my lips , the lady bid , no longer shy , but now all masterful . 
 not at all what she earlier seemed ! 
 the night revealed what in day could not be seen . 
 then purity , like one possessed , reached out her mouth and bit the lady 's lip . 
 and blood from her lip did stain her mouth and slid sweetly down inside her . 
 then the lady reached out and wound her arms about her waist , bared her breast and had a taste . 
 purity with but one aim stripped from the lady 's just the same . 
 blood stained lips , they kissed and kissed , not an inch of skin was missed ! 
 all night they moaned and stroked and lay , no stop did they make until the light of day ! 
 and when the dawn first bared its light , purity saw an awful sight . 
 the lady with her work all done , looked not a lady , but a thing , cruel and triumphant . 
 her eyes were bright , but burned more with hellfire than light . 
 her lips , that bud not yet burst , now took a ghastly turn and became something like a jaundiced red ; red like the women who walked the streets , all corrupted . 
 her baby skin was pocked with disease common among the foulest streets . 
 she , with a great long tongue like a snake , wound itself round and round her wide , wide mouth . 
 her nose , digested by a festered wound , was covered in a silver sheath , encrusted with emerald , diamond , ruby , and other shiny coveted things . 
 the lady looked and laughed with mocking joy and triumphant spite . 
 purity had fallen under her that night . 
 the lady then said this : you asked my name , which i could not say until the light of day , and only then if you would stray . 
 had you not bid me come ; had you not led me to your bed ; had you but resisted my lips near red , you would never have met with one pure as yourself . 
 now surely you have guessed my name , but if not , then i say , i am called pure corruption . 
 the pain of life struck purity 's breast , rusted and barbed and lodged in her chest . 
 she learned too quickly the fallen fate of one , once pure , once uncorrupted . 
 and from her name , her fatal fame , to the masses purity , through corruption , became parody . 
 no purity in this world exists . 
 all things of this world must be intermixed . 
 the girl who wrestled bears she was no heroic , amazonian figure , with thighs of iron and arms of steel and a warrior 's hardened cry . 
 far from it . 
 yet she wrestled with bears . 
 her arms were thin as reeds , her legs spindly and mostly bone . 
 she was no more than five hands high yet she was famous for the day she slew bears . 
 if she looked down on the world , it was because she shrunk from stares and whispers : there she is , the quiet one . 
 when she argued and shook her head , saying no ! 
 no ! 
 no ! 
 to no one , the people , they whispered : beware ! 
 the quiet one . 
 as if her queerness were catching , the doors before her were always latching as she walked by , the quiet one . 
 they hunted her , those great black bears , with daggers for teeth and blood-red eyes , rabid and unsleeping , fierce and unrelenting . 
 one wink or two , here and there , she took sleep where she could find it , a few moments rest . 
 then she was up again , running , running , always running . 
 well beyond the village lay a great gray slough where the mud , pale gray like the color of cold morning light , bubbled and gurgled . 
 somehow a few twisted trees , choked by the sulfurous air , managed to stay upright , more or less , and served to cloak her even in daylight , where not even the vultures ventured . 
 no sign of life but the girl hunted by bears . 
 here she crept , only here she slept , knowing all the places that were safe from the blood-red eyes of bears . 
 one day , as she slunk among the drooping boughs of the slough , she slipped , and her leg caught below the gray gurgling mud . 
 the more she struggled the deeper she sank in that slough , always gray . 
 she could not run , she could not hide , near to her neck , she stopped and sighed . 
 she began to sink , she began to expire , to submit and no longer desired to be if being were always running from bears . 
 that 's when they came , the seven , salivating , foaming , the great traps of their mouth gnashing and growling . 
 strange it would be if the slough had me and not bears . 
 that 's when it happened , between death and death , that all in her left and she transformed , became nothing . 
 and all grew quiet and deadly still , no voices all raging , no voices of the seven bears . 
 then came the biggest of the seven . 
 the bear broke through the quiet of her mind , and asked how she dared stare at the mightiest and blackest of bears . 
 nothing can not stare . 
 how could she hope to fight , neck-deep in the mire , the mightiest and blackest of bears . 
 nothing can not hope nor fight . 
 how could she think she would not expire ? 
 nothing can not think . 
 nothing can not expire . 
 nothing can not fear . 
 nothing can not desire . 
 you are nothing , nothing in comparison to the mighties and blackest of bears ! 
 come then , take nothing . 
 nothing awaits you . 
 that day from out the mire , dragging seven slain , seven heads , seven demons , seven drained of the blood-red of their eyes she came . 
 some said it was a day , some a week , yet others still a year , the day she came , down the center of the village square , where the villagers all aghast , divided the way for her to pass . 
 and they wondered and they muttered and they did not understand the quiet one , quiet still , her eyes hard fast upon the ground . 
 they knew nothing . 
 they knew nothing of the scars that remained , of the ghosts that followed behind in one long train , the haunting of the slain . 
 it was the triumph of a day . 
 only one day . 
 yet , the legend remains , the epic battle between the slayer and the slain , the girl who wrestled bears . 
 about the author my name is desirée , and the best way to learn about me is through my blog 's exploritorium infinitum , where i share my experiences through a form of writing that i call philosophastry , or pseudo-philosophy . 
 i write as a philosophaster because i admit to knowing nothing but what i create . 
 my posts are thought ejaculations , simple monologues of is 's , maybe 's , and could be 's , sometimes without logic , meaning , or purpose . 
 it 's a free form style which i use to explore art , nature , dreams , the human condition , all through creative expression . 
 i am a victorianist and most of what i read comes from nineteenth-century britain and france . 
 i live at the base of black hill , the o'odham `` cuk Ṣon '' , or tucson . 
 i am of native american , asian , and hispanic ancestry , although i do n't identify culturally with any one in particular . 
 i also speak three languages . 
 my gender is non-specific . 
 i am a balance of masculine and feminine forces which may emerge as dominant or passive according to my needs and the ebb and flow of my experiences . 
 i identify negatively , meaning i am best identified by all the things i am not . 
 being neither one thing nor another , i am , and can be , everything beyond and between . 
 i 've been bipolar for as long as i can remember , which is a psychological term meaning i live a wild and passionate life . 
 i also have a psychosis some think of as hallucinatory , but i prefer to think of it as an auditory channel to all things less obvious . 
 such is my work , such is me , enjoy my work , follow me . 
 if you enjoyed tales of revelation and despair please recommend it to others and leave a review . 
 your pleasure and support are integral to this work and all future projects . 
 your words are powerful , share them and others will listen . 
 many thanks ! 
 yours cordially , - desirèe c’est moi , 11 
