 fire dragons by : ben l. hughes copyright 2015 ben l. hughes edited by : jen hughes and lynn cummings revision date : january 16th , 2015 smashwords edition , license notes thank you for downloading this ebook . 
 this book remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes . 
 if you enjoyed this book , please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer . 
 thank you for your support . 
 table of contents : series synopsis prologue chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 about the author my other books series synopsis in the first three books of the dragon adventure series , kevin and his friends discover that there had been an epic war between humans and fire dragons in a part of medieval europe known as the celtic realm . 
 book four : fire dragons , goes back in time to capture those events through the eyes of the legendary dragon , draig goch . 
 although this story is part of the dragon adventure series , it may be read before or after reading the first three books in the series . 
 prologue in the early days , fire dragons ruled over a collection of islands off the coast of mainland europe , known as the celtic realm . 
 the two largest islands , ireland and britain made up the bulk of their domain . 
 britain was the larger of the two and its rugged mountains on the western half of the island were home to the majority of the fire dragons living in the realm . 
 since fire dragons preferred the remote mountaintops , their cousins the pigmy dragons and a small number of humans inhabited the temperate lowlands . 
 the pigmy dragons kept to themselves and used their camouflage to avoid the humans that lived near them . 
 the humans spent most of their time tending to their flocks of sheep and lived in harmony with one another and the other creatures living on the island . 
 since the humans never tried to harm the fire dragons , or tread on their territory , the dragons left them alone and there was peace throughout the celtic realm . 
 across the channel in mainland europe it was a different story . 
 the humans living there had divided up the land into kingdoms , and then spent all of their time fighting with one another over who owned what . 
 since the celtic realm could only be reached by boat , the mainlanders rarely ventured over to them and when they did , it was just to purchase sheep or trade goods with their kin . 
 all that changed one day when a prospector from the mainland discovered a forgotten roman gold mine in southern wales on the isle of britain . 
 it was a rich deposit that had been abandoned in haste when the romans left the realm in 400 ad to defend their crumbling empire over a thousand miles away . 
 as with any discovery of gold or silver , hoards of fortune seekers came searching for rich veins that they could claim as their own . 
 unlike the peaceful sheepherders that had come before them , these men were power-hungry warlords that used their armies to take what they wanted by force . 
 as the unwelcome guests spread out across the fire dragons ' homeland in search of wealth , tensions flared , and it was only a matter of time before innocent blood was shed . 
 with both sides claiming it was the other 's fault , it was n't long before the dragons and the humans were calling for war ... chapter 1 draig paced back and forth atop mount snowdon waiting impatiently for his brother ironclaw to show up . 
 it was his turn to keep watch , and like most nights , he was late . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 draig demanded when a shadowy figure emerged out of the darkness . 
 `` sorry , i was out searching for food in the lowlands , '' ironclaw replied . 
 `` by yourself ? '' 
 draig asked in a suspicious tone . 
 `` no . 
 razorwing and talon were with me , '' ironclaw snorted in discontent . 
 he hated it when draig questioned him , and played the part of bossy older brother . 
 `` you expect me to believe that the three of you were just off hunting ? '' 
 draig remarked . 
 `` well , we did run across a village on our way back , and talon might have accidently set it on fire as we passed over it , '' ironclaw admitted . 
 `` if you keep provoking the humans , it will only lead to more attacks on us , '' draig said in an angry tone . 
 `` why are you so fond of the warm-bloods ? 
 they are spreading across our island like a disease , gobbling up our resources , and claiming the land as if it was theirs to claim ! '' 
 ironclaw replied sharply . 
 `` i know you do n't like the humans , but attacking them will not solve the problem , '' draig replied . 
 `` then what will ? 
 razorwing told me that he saw several new castles being built near the coast , and when he flew over them , the humans shot arrows at him . 
 fortunately , he was n't injured , but clearly the time has come for us to take a stand and fight for what is ours , '' ironclaw insisted . 
 `` so you think a war is the best option ? '' 
 draig questioned . 
 `` yes , and if you and sapphire were n't still opposing it , the dragon council would have the votes it needs to declare war , '' ironclaw snorted . 
 `` terra is also against it , '' draig replied . 
 `` not any more . 
 when she was out on patrol yesterday , several humans attacked her when she landed near a stream to get a quick drink of water . 
 she escaped unharmed , but it made her realize just how dangerous these invaders from the mainland really are . 
 i have even heard that they are bringing soldiers up from the south so they can drive us out of the mountains , '' ironclaw revealed . 
 `` we have never had any issues with the sheepherders living in the lowlands , '' draig remarked . 
 `` i know , but these fortune seekers from the mainland do not respect or fear us . 
 they want to drive us from our homeland so they can rule over the realm . 
 you had better open your eyes brother , war is coming whether you like it or not . 
 if you do n't believe me , go out and see for yourself . 
 the invaders are moving up the cothi river and building new settlements as they go , '' ironclaw said as he spat in disgust of them . 
 `` alright , you have made your point . 
 i will go south in the morning and see what they are up to . 
 if what you say is true , then perhaps it 's time for us to relocate to the emerald isle , '' draig suggested . 
 `` you would rather tuck your tail and run , than vote for war ? '' 
 ironclaw fumed . 
 `` centuries ago , when the romans were the first to invade our land , we moved to ireland and waited until they left . 
 once they were gone , we moved back , and not a single life was lost . 
 humans are fickle creatures brother , they come and go like the wind . '' 
 `` you are wrong about these invaders . 
 they are building their castles out of stone , and i am telling you that they will not leave unless we force them to , '' ironclaw insisted . 
 `` war is not the answer , '' draig replied . 
 `` your weakness will get us all killed , '' ironclaw snapped . 
 `` it 's getting late and i am too tired to argue with you after being on watch for most of the night , '' draig remarked as he turned to go over to his den . 
 once draig was gone , ironclaw left the overlook and went down to glaslyn lake where razorwing and talon were getting a midnight snack . 
 `` what did draig say when you told him about the attack on terra ? '' 
 razorwing asked after gulping down a small fish . 
 `` he is still talking about relocating the clan rather than fighting for what is ours , '' ironclaw replied . 
 `` he is very stubborn , even for a dragon , '' razorwing remarked . 
 `` i know , but i did talk him into going south when it gets light , so he wo n't be able to ignore the problem for much longer . '' 
 `` do you think he will change his mind once he sees how fast the humans are spreading ? '' 
 razorwing asked . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure he wo n't unless he is attacked while he is down there , '' ironclaw hinted . 
 `` it 's too bad you 're not the older brother , then you would be the head of the dragon council instead of him , '' razorwing snorted . 
 `` i know , he 's too soft and there is no time to waste . 
 i think he needs a little push in the right direction to change his mind about relocating , '' ironclaw remarked . 
 `` it sounds like you have something in mind ? '' 
 talon said as he snapped his teeth in anticipation . 
 `` in fact i do , '' ironclaw grinned . 
 `` tell us ! '' 
 talon insisted as he tore a small fish in half with his claws before eating it . 
 `` our attacks on the villages are stirring things up , but what we need is something more personal , something that is sure to make my brother realize just how dangerous these humans really are , '' ironclaw smirked . 
 `` stop teasing us ironclaw and tell us your plan ! '' 
 talon snorted as he stomped around at the edge of the lake impatiently . 
 `` alright , here is what we are going to do . 
 when my brother heads south to investigate the new settlements being built near the cothi river , we 'll attack him and make it look like the humans did it , '' ironclaw revealed . 
 `` oh , you 're so evil , i love it , '' talon replied with a bloodthirsty look that cut through the darkness . 
 `` we ca n't get away with something like that in broad daylight , he 'll have our heads , '' razorwing objected . 
 `` do n't worry , my plan is fool-proof . 
 we 're going to steal one of the human 's fishing nets , and when my brother is busy looking at the village , we 'll drop it on him from overhead . 
 he will think the humans used a catapult to launch the net over him as he 's flying low . 
 after he breaks free , i 'm willing to bet that he will vote for war , '' ironclaw said with a menacing laugh . 
 `` what if he does n't escape the net ? '' 
 razorwing asked . 
 `` then i take his place on the council , and vote for war in his stead . '' 
 `` where are we going to get a fishing net from ? '' 
 talon asked . 
 `` the water dragons have been complaining that the humans are fishing with nets in their waters off aberdovey . 
 all we have to do is get over there and borrow one before daybreak . 
 then we 'll continue south and intercept lizard-breath near cothi , '' ironclaw chuckled . 
 `` for your plan to work we would need to leave right now , are n't you worried that you 'll get in trouble for leaving your post ? '' 
 razorwing asked . 
 `` who 's going to know ? 
 my brother and the rest of the clan are sleeping in their dens and he is the only one who gets up early . 
 i bet we can ambush him and be back before he realizes we were gone , '' ironclaw chuckled as he took to the air . 
 `` do you think we will get in trouble for helping you ? '' 
 razorwing asked as he looked over at talon who way flying alongside him . 
 `` if your scales are that thin go back and take my place at the overlook while talon and i have some fun , '' ironclaw suggested . 
 `` i want to come , i just do n't want to get caught , '' razorwing admitted . 
 `` when is the last time we have been in trouble ? '' 
 ironclaw snickered as he glided over the lowlands heading towards aberdovey . 
 razorwing did n't reply because ironclaw always manipulated the truth so they seemed innocent whenever they were accused of some misdeed . 
 when they reached aberdovey , it was still dark out , but there were a couple of fishermen preparing their boat to go out at dawn . 
 `` watch this , '' ironclaw said as he swooped down towards their vessel . 
 a moment later a wall of fire lit up the night sky sending the men running back to the shore . 
 once they were gone , ironclaw and talon landed on the boat . 
 `` where is razorwing ? '' 
 ironclaw asked as he started yanking a single net out from a pile of them . 
 `` he 's circling the beach to make sure the fishermen do n't come back , '' talon replied . 
 `` oh good , at least he 's making himself useful , '' ironclaw remarked sarcastically . 
 `` hey , what are you fire dragons doing ? '' 
 a large water dragon asked after surfacing by the shore where the boat was anchored . 
 `` we 're going to use this net to capture some humans , '' ironclaw replied . 
 `` what for ? '' 
 the water dragon asked . 
 `` for food of course , '' ironclaw replied as he licked his lips in the moonlight . 
 `` yuck , you fire dragons will eat anything , '' she replied in disgust . 
 `` you should be thanking us for taking their nets instead of harassing us , '' ironclaw snorted . 
 `` if you were n't so rude , maybe i would have , '' the water dragon said before swimming off into the darkness . 
 `` whew , that was close , '' talon remarked once he was sure she was gone . 
 `` yeah , those stupid water dragons are so nosey . 
 let 's get out of here before any more of them come snooping around , '' ironclaw suggested as he carefully picked up the net so his claws would n't get tangled in it . 
 once they were airborne , talon bumped ironclaw with the tip of his wing to get his attention . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 ironclaw asked . 
 `` can i go back and torch the boat ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` only if you hate the humans as much as i do , '' ironclaw laughed . 
 `` where is he going ? '' 
 razorwing asked after flying over to ironclaw . 
 `` you 'll see , '' ironclaw replied as he circled back just in time to see talon light the vessel on fire from bow to stern . 
 within minutes the entire boat was engulfed in flames and starting to sink . 
 `` talon is a pyromaniac , '' razorwing said as he and ironclaw circled overhead . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 talon asked as he rejoined them . 
 `` i said you 're a pyromaniac , '' razorwing admitted . 
 `` hey , i 'm a fire dragon . 
 it 's in my blood , '' talon replied as he looked back one last time to admire his handy work . 
 the boat was almost completely underwater and what little remained was charred beyond repair . 
 when the eastern horizon started to glow , ironclaw increased his pace to ensure they reached cothi before his brother . 
 he knew it would take draig most of the morning to fly from snowden to cothi , but what he did n't know was how early his brother might have left . 
 draig was not a lazy dragon , and ironclaw knew that when something was bothering draig , he would not rest until he resolved it . 
 whether draig would admit it to him or not , ironclaw could tell that his brother was worried about the humans spreading north of cothi . 
 if they continued up the river , it would take them into the cambrian mountains where dozens of fire dragons lived on the higher peaks . 
 ironclaw knew that draig would react to any news about cothi because of its proximity to the mountains , and it was the bait he needed to lure draig away from snowden . 
 when ironclaw saw that they were within a few miles of the town of cothi , he and his friends ascended into a thin cloud layer so that the morning sun would not give them away . 
 `` did we make it in time ? '' 
 talon asked as they circled the area above the town . 
 `` i think so . 
 we 'll stay up here until we either see him , or it becomes obvious that we missed him , '' ironclaw suggested as he kept an eye out for him . 
 `` do you think he changed his mind and decided not to come ? '' 
 talon asked after he had been circling for a while . 
 `` let 's wait a little longer , '' ironclaw glared . 
 he could tell that razorwing and talon were getting bored , but they had come so far he did n't want to give up just yet . 
 he knew his plan would work , they just needed to give it a chance . 
 `` it 's getting late , '' razorwing said as he flew past ironclaw . 
 `` if he does n't come in the next few minutes , we 'll firebomb the town and then head home , '' ironclaw promised . 
 `` is that him now ? '' 
 talon exclaimed when he spotted a dragon coming in from the north . 
 `` yes ! 
 now help me unravel the net before he gets here , '' ironclaw ordered as he changed course to intercept draig 's flight path . 
 as predicted , draig slowed down so he could see what the humans were up to and never noticed he was flying into a trap . 
 `` drop the net on a count of three , '' ironclaw ordered . 
 `` one , two , three . '' 
 the net twisted and turned as it fell from the sky . 
 for a brief moment it looked like it might fold in on itself , ruining the plan , but a gust of wind righted it just before it reached draig . 
 the net ensnared both of his wings and he plummeted towards the ground out of control as he struggled to break free . 
 using his razor sharp claws and teeth , he tore the net in half . 
 then he extended his wings to try and slow his fall , but he was too late . 
 a loud thud echoed through the air as he slammed into the bank of the cothi river creating a shallow depression in the soft soil . 
 `` is he dead or unconscious ? '' 
 razorwing asked when draig failed to get up after the impact . 
 `` who cares , let 's get back to snowden before someone notices we 're gone , '' ironclaw said without a shred of remorse . 
 razorwing glanced over at talon , but he did n't seem to be any more concerned about draig 's condition than ironclaw was . 
 `` are we just going to leave him ? '' 
 razorwing asked in a fleeting moment of guilt as he and his friends started to go . 
 `` i 'm not going down there , '' talon remarked after seeing a group of humans heading towards draig with their swords drawn . 
 `` what about you ? 
 he 's your brother , '' razorwing remarked as he looked over at ironclaw . 
 `` you can go help him if you want to , but if he realizes you were involved in any way , he 'll make sure you 're bled out on the stone of punishment , '' ironclaw warned . 
 razorwing gulped , and then followed after them without further comment . 
 even though he did n't tell them what he was feeling as they flew back home , he regretted ever letting ironclaw and talon talk him into the attack . 
 it was a mistake , and he felt bad about being part of it . 
 when the three of them arrived back in snowden , sapphire was perched on the overlook waiting for them . 
 they instantly knew by the angry look on her face , that she was angry with them . 
 `` where have you troublemakers been ? '' 
 she asked in an irritated tone . 
 `` we went to the coast to see if the water dragons were still having trouble with the humans , '' ironclaw replied . 
 `` why are you always stirring things up ? '' 
 sapphire asked as she glared at him . 
 `` why do n't you mind your own business your royal blueness , '' ironclaw replied in a snotty tone . 
 `` you have no right to talk to me like that ! 
 wait until draig gets back and finds out how rude you were to me , '' sapphire snorted . 
 `` good luck telling him , '' ironclaw muttered under his breath . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 sapphire snapped . 
 `` nothing , i just hope i do n't get into too much trouble when my brother returns , '' ironclaw replied as he turned his back on her and walked away . 
 `` is he hiding something ? '' 
 sapphire asked as she looked over at talon and razorwing . 
 `` nope , '' talon replied before running over to ironclaw . 
 `` what about you , you 're looking guiltier than usual , '' sapphire said as she eyed razorwing suspiciously , but before he could reply , ironclaw looked back and stared at him intently . 
 `` i have to go , '' razorwing replied in a timid tone . 
 sapphire knew he wanted to tell her something , but ironclaw 's threatening glare had silenced him . 
 chapter 2 when draig woke the next morning , his back legs were shackled and despite his great strength , he could not break the metal links that bound him . 
 in the past , the human 's metal craft had produced steels that were too soft and malleable to hold a dragon captive . 
 even their swords and arrows lacked sufficient temper to cut through a dragon 's tough scales unless placed between them . 
 a nearly impossible feat while a dragon was fighting back or in flight . 
 what concerned draig the most was not his inability to break free , but the fact that this new metal was far stronger and tougher than anything he had ever seen before . 
 he knew that if the humans started forging it into weapons , dragon blood would soon be spilt . 
 with no means of escape , draig filled his lungs with air so he could unleash his fiery wrath upon his captors . 
 he figured that if he could n't break the chains , a little fire might change their mind about trying to enslave him . 
 either way , he was not going down without a fight , and he opened his mouth and aimed his head directly at them . 
 then he exhaled as hard as he could , but all that came out was dragon slobber and a few puffs of smoke . 
 draig immediately reached up and felt his throat , and he suddenly realized his pyrophoric gland had been damaged from the fall , and he could not breathe fire without it . 
 shackled and fireless , draig had no means of escape and his captors marched him to cothi as though he was a prisoner of war . 
 as they led him through the town , angry villagers threw stones and cursed at him as he passed by them . 
 the harsh welcoming was made worse by the fact that the town had been attacked by fire dragons a few days prior to his capture . 
 draig suspected it was his brother 's doing , and he wondered if his brother would return and rescue him since he knew he was coming to cothi . 
 it seemed odd that he would attack the town and then send him to it , but ironclaw often did things that were difficult to rationalize . 
 when draig 's captors led him to the south end of the town , he quickly realized why they had not killed him when they found him on the riverbank . 
 the cothi gold mine needed a large animal to run the ore crusher at the mine 's newly expanded mill . 
 `` do n't move , '' a guard said as he fitted draig with a large harness while another guard held his sword between two scales on his chest . 
 draig knew the men had no idea he could understand them , but they bossed him around like fools often do when they are in charge of creatures they think are beneath them . 
 once the guard had the harness secured around draig 's neck , he led him over to the arrastra and connected it to a large block of stone designed to crush ore from the mine . 
 `` pull the stone ! '' 
 the guard ordered as he whipped draig until he walked around the circular mill on his own . 
 the stone was heavy but draig had powerful legs and he was able to drive the mill while nervous miners looked on in awe of his strength . 
 with each rotation of the stone , the massive rock crushed the gold bearing ore in an endless cycle of hard labor . 
 draig was forced to run the arrastra until it started getting dark , at which time the miners put away their tools . 
 once the miners were gone , the guards unhooked draig from the mill and led him into a poorly lit side tunnel near the entrance of the mine . 
 based on the smell , draig could tell it had been used to house mules that undoubtedly ran the mill before it was rebuilt so it could crush more ore . 
 draig was n't sure why the mules were sold off or taken to another mine , but it was obvious that he was their replacement . 
 `` get into your cage you stupid lizard ! '' 
 one of the guards ordered as he cracked his whip at him . 
 draig did what he said , and once he was inside the enclosure , the guard ran the chains from his leg irons over to a metal ring embedded in the floor and then locked them together . 
 `` that ought to hold you , '' the guard said as he stepped out of the cage and closed the door . 
 `` if not , this one will , '' the guard added as he placed a second lock on the door to the cage . 
 draig waited for the guards to leave , and then he pulled on the chains as hard as he could . 
 when they did n't break , draig realized they were made of the same steel as his shackles . 
 it was an unbreakable alloy that he might have been able to melt if only he had not lost his fire . 
 when draig heard voice in the distance , he laid down in his cage , hoping that his compliant behavior would be rewarded with some food or water . 
 `` is he secure in the cage ? '' 
 the mine owner asked as followed the guards into the tunnel . 
 `` yes , the blacksmith you hired seems to be better than the old one , '' the guard replied . 
 `` he better be , i 'm paying him more than the old one , '' the owner grumbled . 
 `` did my new pet give you any trouble going into his cage ? '' 
 the mine owner asked as he eyed draig as though he was some sort of prize he had won . 
 `` lord wellington , he only responds to my whip , '' one of the guards remarked as though the owner would praise him for his efforts . 
 `` well , that 's what it 's for , '' the owner replied in a sharp tone . 
 `` how long are we going to be stuck taking care of him ? '' 
 the guard asked . 
 `` until i do n't need him anymore , '' the owner replied . 
 `` maybe we should be paid a little more each month if we are expected to handle a dangerous animal with razor sharp claws and teeth , '' the guard hinted . 
 `` i 'm already paying you two lazy slogs more than you 're worth , '' the owner insisted . 
 `` he might not be able to breathe fire , but he could still injure or kill one of us if we are not careful around him , '' the guard replied . 
 `` you make a good point . 
 i 'll have my slave girl care for him since she is even more worthless to me than you two are , '' the owner sneered . 
 `` so does that mean we do n't have to handle him anymore ? '' 
 the guard asked . 
 `` of course not you fool , she 's not strong enough to bring him to and from the mill . '' 
 `` then what is she going to do for him ? '' 
 the guard asked . 
 `` since you seem to be unclear on what i expect from you two geniuses , let me spell it out for you . 
 the slave girl will be responsible for feeding him and cleaning up his mess . 
 you two dolts will be responsible for bringing him to and from the mill and keeping him motivated . 
 is that clear enough for you ? '' 
 the owner asked in a demeaning tone . 
 `` yes , lord wellington , '' the guards replied . 
 `` good . 
 now , go to the slave 's quarters and tell megan she needs to take care of my dragon twice a day ... use the whip if she gives you any guff , and make sure she has a key to the cage door . '' 
 the owner ordered as he turned to leave . 
 shortly after the guards and the owner left , a timid young woman carrying two small pails entered the tunnel and approached draig 's cage . 
 `` please do n't kill me , '' the girl said under her breath as she set the pails down so she could unlock his cage . 
 when draig saw how frightened she was of him , he moved to the back of his cage and sat down . 
 without taking her eyes off of him , the girl opened the cage door just enough to slide the two pails in , and then she closed it and locked it as fast as she could . 
 it was obvious she was terrified of him , so he waited for her to back away from the cage before he got up to eat . 
 when she turned to leave , he noticed bloodstains on her blouse , and he felt bad that the guards had whipped her until she agreed to take care of him . 
 it was a painful reminder that they were both the property of the mine owner , and the whip was the incentive to do what they were told . 
 as the days turned to weeks , draig slowly gave up hope that his clan would find him and rescue him from the mine . 
 despite the fact that he spent every day outside running the crusher , he never once saw a fire dragon pass overheard . 
 it seemed that cothi was just too far south to warrant an attack , now that the humans had pushed further to the north . 
 he was aware of this fact because he listened in on what the miners talked about whenever they were bringing ore to the mill or separating the gold from the pulverized rock . 
 most of it was meaningless gossip , but occasionally something interesting would catch his attention . 
 he knew that the fire dragons had been holding strong in the cambrian mountains , but the humans were bringing in more soldiers to push them out . 
 he also learned that the mine owner was hated by nearly everyone who worked for him , and his men called him lord smellington behind his back . 
 as far as draig could tell , no one liked the mine owner and he knew it . 
 since he had no friends , he used his money to buy them , and when that did n't work , he tried to make everyone else as miserable as he was . 
 draig saw how bitter and angry the mine owner was all the time despite his great wealth , and draig realized that happiness and misery were not always caused by circumstance , they could be created by perspective . 
 draig knew he was a prisoner , and he knew he would be forced to work hard each and every day , but those things were out of his control and dwelling on them would only result in endless frustration and disappointment . 
 it was actually easier for him to just accept the things that were out of his control so that he would n't spend his days at the mine being miserable like it 's owner . 
 he knew there was little chance of rescue or escape , so he did what he was told and held onto a sliver of hope that things would one day change for the better . 
 as time wore on , some things did improve at the mine . 
 the guards stopped whipping him since he did n't fight the harness or the mill . 
 megan stopped trembling every time she had to change the straw in his cage or bring him food and water . 
 one time she accidently stepped on the tip of his tail , and rather than lash out like a wild animal at her mistake , draig moved to the back of his cage and let her leave . 
 in that instant her whole perception about dragons suddenly changed when she realized he was not the dangerous creature everyone had made him out to be . 
 the fact that he was able to distinguish between an intentional act and an accidental one led her to believe he was far more intelligent than he was letting on . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said in a soft voice when she saw he was curling up his tail like he was in pain . 
 draig nodded his head and she wondered for an instant if he understood her . 
 `` did you just nod at me ? '' 
 she asked before draig looked away . 
 he wanted to talk to her , but if anyone found out he could speak , he feared what they would do to him . 
 the next morning megan brought him extra food and he knew it was her way of apologizing for stepping on his tail . 
 when he stuck his muzzle into the bucket to eat , he felt her touch the top of his head for a split second . 
 when he lifted his head to see why she had touched him , she looked away and pretended that it was n't her . 
 the instant he lowered his head into the bucket , she reached through the bars and touched him again . 
 rather than lift his head and try and catch her in the act , he quietly pushed his tail through the bars and then poked her in the leg with it . 
 when she looked down , he quickly withdrew his tail and pretended like he did n't do it . 
 `` someone 's tail must be feeling better ? '' 
 she remarked . 
 draig wiggled it in the air a couple of times and then finished eating his meal . 
 `` why do i get the feeling that you understand everything i say to you ? '' 
 megan said as she opened his cage and stepped inside . 
 draig laid his head down and pretended not to care that she was walking over to him . 
 when she came within a foot of him , she slowly reached out her hand and ran it down his muzzle . 
 draig could tell that she was curious about him , and so he did n't object to her petting him . 
 it seemed to make her feel better and he liked it , though he would never admit it to another dragon . 
 fire dragons after all , where to be feared by humans and not viewed as their friends . 
 it was a clear distinction in the real world , but one that draig chose to ignore because he liked megan and she was kind to him . 
 one day when draig woke up early , megan opened his cage and came inside . 
 she came over and petted him as she had many times before , but rather than move on and start cleaning out his cage , she leaned forward and whispered in his ear . 
 `` i know you can talk , '' she said in a soft voice . 
 draig pretended that he did n't understand her , but he was curious as to why she thought he could speak . 
 he knew that she suspected he could understand her , but he had never given her cause to believe that he could also speak her language . 
 `` go ahead and say something , '' megan said as she looked at him expectantly . 
 draig was certain that he had never uttered a single word to her or anyone else since he had been taken captive , but she seemed to think he could for talk some reason . 
 `` it 's okay , i wo n't tell anyone , '' megan insisted as she started to clean out his cage . 
 draig looked away , figuring that she might have heard a rumor that dragons could talk , but did n't really know that he could . 
 it had been a long time since any dragon had spoken to a human because they could not be trusted . 
 it was a lesson learned the hard way and although communicating with humans was not forbidden , it might as well have been . 
 after several minutes of silence , megan looked over at draig and waited for him to make eye contact with her . 
 `` you have a brother , and his name is ironclaw . 
 you 're not fooling me . 
 i know that you understand what i am saying and i also know that you can talk . '' 
 draig felt his heart pounding as he tried to figure out how she knew those things about him , but he still did not respond . 
 the fear of being exposed was too great . 
 he knew that if megan told his captors that he could talk , they would ship him to the mainland and make a spectacle of him . 
 at least working at the mine kept him near his home and he was not behind bars day and night as he imagined any animal on display would be . 
 `` are you done cleaning his cage ? '' 
 a guard yelled from the entrance to the tunnel . 
 `` yes , '' megan replied as she cringed at the sound of his voice . 
 `` then get out of my way , '' the guard ordered as he pushed her aside before she could do what he asked . 
 draig saw him being mean to her and he had grown tired of it , but he did n't want to make things worse for megan by doing something obvious , so he followed the guard outside like normal . 
 when the guard pulled draig into position to attach his harness to the mill , draig intentionally stepped on the man 's foot with all of his weight . 
 `` get off of me you oversized lizard ! '' 
 the man cried out in searing pain . 
 draig ignored the guard until he unsnapped his whip and starting hitting him with it . 
 even then , he took his sweet time moving because he knew the pain he was causing the guard was far greater then the sting of his whip . 
 if there was one thing that draig really despised it was a bully , and megan had done nothing to deserve the abuse . 
 for the remainder of the day draig kept thinking about megan as he pulled the stone around the mill in an endless circle . 
 he felt bad that he did n't talk to her , especially since she had been so kind to him . 
 he knew that all megan wanted was a friend , and he had ignored her out of the fear of being exposed . 
 it was the first time in his life that he felt ashamed of his actions , and he promised himself he would find some way to show her his gratitude . 
 once the sun went down , the guards unshackled him from the mill and led him back into his cage just as they had done a hundred times before . 
 the only difference this time , was that the guard with the injured foot pushed over his food and water on his way out of the cage . 
 `` he gets nothing to eat or drink ! '' 
 the guard ordered as he glared at megan before leaving with his friend . 
 once the guards were gone , megan fetched a little water and poured it into the pail so that draig would have something to drink after working all day under the hot sun . 
 draig immediately came over and drank the water not only because he was thirsty , but he did n't want megan to get caught giving it to him if the guards returned . 
 `` i 'll bring you some more in the morning , '' megan whispered as she sat down next to his cage and then started humming a sweet melody . 
 draig was n't sure if she was doing it to be nice , or if it was her way of unwinding from a long day of servitude . 
 either way , her celtic rhyme put him at ease and he laid his head against the bars closest to her . 
 when she finished with the song , she reached over and gently ran her hand down his muzzle a couple of times . 
 `` would like me to sing you another one ? '' 
 she offered . 
 draig pretended not to hear her , but her voice was pretty and it was hard not to respond . 
 `` why wo n't you talk to me ? 
 are you afraid the guards will find out and think you are possessed by a demon or something ? 
 i promise i wo n't tell them , for they are no more of a friend to me , than they are to you . 
 i know you can understand what i am saying , and yet you refuse to speak to me . 
 perhaps if i tell you why i am a slave at this mine you will understand why i would never tell lord wellington or his guards about you . 
 several months before you were brought here my husband was killed in an accident at this very mine . 
 since he had borrowed money from the mine owner against his future wages , his unpaid debt was laid upon me . 
 with no income of my own , i became the mine owner 's legal property , and it will take me to the end of my days to repay what my husband owed him . 
 to make matters worse i am pregnant , and when my child is born he will also be a slave since i have no means to care for him . 
 i am not bitter about what has happened to me , but if i had a friend to talk to then i would not feel so alone in the world , '' megan admitted as she lowered her head in despair . 
 `` i want to be your friend , '' draig said in a low voice . 
 `` i knew you could talk , '' megan exclaimed as the sadness drained from her eyes . 
 `` you must not tell anyone about this , '' draig insisted . 
 `` your secret is safe with me , '' megan promised . 
 `` i apologize that i have not spoken to you before , but if the mine owner ever finds out i can talk , he will sell me off to the highest bidder and what little i have will be taken away , '' draig said with a worried look on his face . 
 `` i thought you might be worried they would think you were possessed and try to kill you if you spoke to them , '' megan remarked . 
 `` yet another reason they must never know i can talk , '' draig added . 
 `` well , i have nothing to gain by betraying your trust , i hate lord wellington , '' megan insisted . 
 `` i am curious how you knew that i could speak ? '' 
 draig asked . 
 `` you mumbled your brother 's name one night while you were sleeping . 
 i never heard you speak after that , but i was sure it was not my imagination , '' megan admitted . 
 `` you are a clever girl and now that you know i can talk , we should start at the beginning . 
 i heard the owner refer to the name megan one time , but neither he nor his guards ever call you by that name when they are addressing you . 
 is your name megan ? '' 
 draig asked as politely as he could . 
 `` yes , '' she replied as though it was the first time in a long time that anyone cared enough to ask her that question . 
 `` megan is a pretty name . 
 i believe it means ` fairy maiden ' in your language , '' draig replied . 
 `` how do you know so much about us when we know so little about you ? '' 
 megan asked . 
 `` because dragons live for a long time and we make a point of learning about the other inhabitants in our realm . 
 `` i would like to know more about you , '' megan said as she ran her hand down his muzzle again . 
 `` well , like humans we all have names and mine is draig goch , which means red dragon . 
 i know it 's not very original , but many of our names are descriptive just like yours are . '' 
 `` where did you live before you were captured ? '' 
 megan asked . 
 `` i lived in snowden with the rest of my clan , '' draig sighed . 
 `` my husband and i lived in gallia , but when lord wellington 's silver mine closed in that region , we borrowed some money from him so we could come here and work at his new mine . 
 you already know the rest of that story , '' megan sighed . 
 `` i 'm sorry , is there anything i can do to help within my limited means ? '' 
 draig offered . 
 `` your friendship is all that i desire , '' megan said as she leaned against the cage so she could be closer to him . 
 `` it would be my honor , '' draig said as he curled his tail around her through the bars . 
 `` i had no idea that dragons could be such compassionate creatures , '' megan remarked as she ran her hand along his dark red scales . 
 `` dragons have families they love and care about just as humans do . 
 the only difference is that there are no orphans amongst us . 
 all of our young are cherished and cared for equally . 
 if a baby dragon loses its mother , then another dragon will take him in and nurse him as her own , '' draig revealed . 
 `` i wish humans were that kind to each other , '' megan sighed . 
 `` some are , '' draig replied . 
 `` yes , but not here , '' megan remarked as she thought about the life that lay ahead for her child as a servant to the mine owner . 
 `` in our culture , there is little separation from top to bottom . 
 we do n't have slaves , and our elders and leaders vote on decisive matters so that no single dragon can rule over the rest . 
 we have a limited number of laws and all dragons are expected to follow them ... there are few exceptions of course , '' draig admitted as he thought about his brother . 
 `` am i the first human you have ever spoken to ? '' 
 megan asked . 
 `` yes . 
 it is frowned upon because humans have proven to be dishonest and do n't keep their word , whereas dragons live by them . '' 
 `` so dragons value their word like men value their wealth ? '' 
 megan asked . 
 `` if you mean that we hold it sacred , then yes . 
 we are creatures of honor , and our word is our bond . 
 if we make a promise , we will do everything within our power to keep it , '' draig explained . 
 `` can a dragon and a human enter into an agreement ? '' 
 `` i suppose ... but as far as i know it has never happened . 
 humans and dragons have never shared their lives in the way that you and i have . 
 it takes trust and friendship to compel one to make a promise to another , '' draig hinted . 
 `` i appreciate your efforts to make this easier for me , but i do n't want to burden you with my troubles , '' megan said as she looked through the metal bars that separated them . 
 `` you are my friend , and if i can help you i will , '' draig offered . 
 `` i have a key to your cage , but the guards have the key to your shackles . 
 if i was able to get their key and set you free , would you take my child somewhere safe after it 's born ? '' 
 megan asked as her light green eyes shimmered with hope . 
 `` no human has ever been raised by a dragon , '' draig replied . 
 `` i thought it might be forbidden by your laws , '' megan sighed with disappointment . 
 `` it is not forbidden , but the dragon council would pull out their scales if i brought a human back to our clan and told them i had promised to care for it , '' draig replied . 
 `` i am sorry i asked . 
 it was a stupid idea anyway , '' megan remarked . 
 `` it is not stupid for a mother to want her child to be cared for and loved . 
 i have seen how they treat you and there is no doubt your child would suffer the same abuses under lord wellington 's stewardship . 
 it is unacceptable and no one should be born into such depravity . 
 if you set me free , i am willing to help care for your child until a suitable human family can adopt him . 
 would that be acceptable ? '' 
 draig asked . 
 `` you would be willing to do that for me ? '' 
 megan asked with a look of surprise and relief . 
 `` i would , but i see no reason why i ca n't take both of you with me so you do n't have to give it up , '' draig suggested . 
 `` if i leave , the mine owner will put a bounty on my head because i 'm his property . 
 then i would be forced to live as a fugitive as would my child . 
 the only thing worse than being a slave , is being one that is wanted by the law , '' megan replied . 
 `` why is that ? '' 
 draig asked . 
 `` because bounty hunters are not known for their mercy with women and young children , and knowing the mine owner , the bounty would be issued dead or alive , '' megan said with a look of fear in her eyes . 
 `` if i take your child , wo n't lord wellington issue a bounty for it even if you stay ? '' 
 draig asked . 
 `` i do n't want you to take this the wrong way , but if the child goes missing after you escape , what do you think the mine owner will assume happened to my child ? '' 
 megan asked . 
 `` he will blame me for your loss and never suspect that i was actually helping you smuggle the child out , '' draig admitted . 
 `` i am sorry , but in this case your reputation for killing women and children is an advantage we can use to trick him , '' megan remarked . 
 `` it 's okay , i 'll play the part of a ruthless killer if it saves your child . '' 
 `` thank you , i really believe the only chance my child has for a normal life is if you take it from this awful place , '' megan said as she rubbed her hand along draig 's tail a couple more times . 
 `` i want you to know that i am helping you not because of your offer to set me free , but because you are my friend and have shown me nothing but kindness . 
 i hope you can see that dragons are compelled by honor and not by bribery , '' draig said with a sincere look in his eyes . 
 `` i believe you , and the fact that i am placing my child under your care is a testament as to how much i trust you , '' megan replied . 
 `` it is our custom to seal promises with our blood in order for it to be binding , '' draig remarked . 
 `` how do we do that ? '' 
 megan asked . 
 `` just put your hand through the bars and i 'll do the rest . '' 
 megan nodded and then looked away while draig made a small cut on the underside of his talon and a matching one on her palm before pressing them together for a few moments . 
 `` your blood and mine are now one . 
 your child is under my protection for as long as it lives , '' draig promised as he let go of her hand . 
 `` words can not express my gratitude and the relief that your promise brings to me . 
 no mother wants to see her child enslaved and abused and you have spared it of that fate . 
 i sincerely hope that your promise to me does not cause you trouble once you get back to your clan . '' 
 `` the good news is that no matter how much the council opposes me , a promise sealed in blood is unbreakable , and they must therefore accept it without question , '' draig said as he licked the blood off his talon . 
 chapter 3 once draig had been missing for several months , the dragon council handed down his seat to his younger brother ironclaw . 
 ironclaw wasted no time forming alliances with the elders who were in favor of war , and discrediting those who were not . 
 stirring up trouble was his specialty , and his friends talon and razorwing were eager to help since they considered him the leader of the clan . 
 in reality there was never supposed to be a leader because all dragons were equals , but ironclaw used the current crisis to his advantage . 
 he manipulated the truth and broke the rules as he saw fit . 
 in times of peace his actions would have inflamed the elders , but with war looming in the distance , ironclaw found support in the shadows . 
 his clandestine attacks on the humans turned him into a rebel leader . 
 `` where are you going today ? '' 
 talon asked when he saw razorwing sharpening his claws on a piece of slate . 
 `` ironclaw wants to head southwest and firebomb a castle that is under construction in cardiff . '' 
 `` will there be women and children in this castle ? '' 
 talon asked . 
 `` are n't there always , '' razorwing replied with a devilish grin . 
 `` oh come on , you never actually attack the unarmed peasants . 
 i only see you going after the soldiers as if that is the honorable thing to do , '' talon remarked . 
 `` i have innocent blood on my claws , '' razorwing insisted . 
 `` of the three of us , you 're the only one who is soft , '' talon claimed . 
 `` i am not ! '' 
 razorwing snarled . 
 `` what are you two buffoons squabbling over ? '' 
 ironclaw said as he flew over to them after the council meeting adjourned . 
 `` nothing , '' razorwing replied as he glared at talon for a moment . 
 `` then let 's go castle crashing , '' ironclaw said with a menacing laugh as he took to the air . 
 `` any news from your meeting with the elders ? '' 
 razorwing asked as they flew along . 
 `` sapphire and paragon are still opposing the war vote , but paragon said that if the humans move north of the cambrian mountains , he will change his vote . '' 
 ironclaw revealed . 
 `` then why are we going all the way to cardiff ? 
 i do n't see how that will that help our cause , '' razorwing remarked . 
 `` cardiff is the humans ' largest and most protected port , an attack on it will make them feel vulnerable and they will bring in more troops to shore up not just that port , but all of their outlying towns as well . 
 with more soldiers coming in , the peasants will feel safe and start to push north once more , '' ironclaw surmised . 
 `` so we 're not going to help our brethren in the cambrian mountains push the humans back ? '' 
 razorwing asked . 
 `` no , we need cambria to fall , so we can get the one vote we 're missing for war to be declared . 
 once we have that , then we 'll be able to attack the humans with all of our forces instead of just the three of us doing all the work , '' ironclaw revealed . 
 `` it sounds like you have it all planned out , '' talon added as he flew up next to ironclaw to show his support . 
 `` i ca n't help it if i 'm a genius , '' ironclaw smirked as they continued south . 
 once they reached the lowlands , ironclaw spotted a small logging camp near the base of the cambrian mountains and dropped down to take a closer look . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 razorwing asked as he trailed a few yards behind him . 
 `` that camp does n't have any soldiers protecting it , '' ironclaw replied . 
 `` i thought you wanted to encourage the humans to move further north ? '' 
 razorwing remarked . 
 `` i do , and attacking their camp will bring in reinforcements , '' ironclaw said as he swooped down . 
 several of the humans fired their arrows at him , but the weak metal shattered against his thick black scales as he lit part of their camp on fire . 
 `` they are no match for you , '' razorwing remarked after ironclaw returned . 
 `` i know , and that 's why their castle will be so much fun to attack in broad daylight . 
 i want them to see us making fools of them , '' ironclaw boasted as he looked back at the logging camp before heading on . 
 `` cardiff is even further south than cothi , we 're not going to pass by cothi are we ? '' 
 razorwing asked as he thought about draig . 
 `` no , cardiff is southeast of cothi , but if anyone asks , that 's where we went on patrol today , '' ironclaw remarked . 
 `` why would we patrol cothi ? '' 
 razorwing questioned . 
 `` if by some miracle my brother survived his fall , i do n't want any other dragons going there and finding him , so the elders will think that we are patrolling it , '' ironclaw winked . 
 `` you really are the worse brother ever , '' razorwing said half joking . 
 `` i know , '' ironclaw snickered . 
 when they reached the castle at cardiff , ironclaw led the attack by grabbing a mason off of the castle wall and throwing him into the moat . 
 `` bulls eye , '' he called out proudly as the man splashed into the water . 
 not to be outdone , talon swooped down and set fire to the wooden scaffolding being used to construct one of the castle walls . 
 right behind him was razorwing who flew in low so he could scare the soldiers who were trying to rescue the mason out of the moat . 
 when one of the soldiers saw him coming , he aimed his crossbow at razorwing and fired . 
 razorwing did n't even try to dodge the arrow because he knew they could n't defeat his thick scales . 
 as the arrow struck his underside he felt a sudden sharp pain and before he could pull up , another soldier fired upon him . 
 much to his surprise , both arrows easily pierced his underside , and he lost the feeling in his left wing . 
 `` ironclaw , '' he cried out in vain before crashing into a group of small trees just beyond the moat . 
 when he came to , a soldier was running towards him with his sword drawn . 
 `` die you winged devil ! '' 
 the man yelled as he readied his blade . 
 razorwing took a deep breath , but before he could unleash his fiery wrath upon the soldier , his blade found its mark , killing razorwing in one quick thrust . 
 `` have you seen razorwing ? '' 
 talon asked after circling the castle a couple of times without seeing him . 
 `` no , last i saw he was preparing to attack the south wall near the moat , '' ironclaw remarked as he circled back to look for him . 
 a moment later ironclaw spotted razorwing 's body near the trees , and when he saw what the soldier had done to him , he gasped in disbelief . 
 `` pull up ! '' 
 ironclaw shouted as he raced past talon in order to get out of the human 's range as quickly as possible . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 talon asked as he flapped his wings as hard as he could to keep up . 
 `` they killed razorwing ! '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 talon cried out in anger , but before ironclaw could even answer his question , an arrow grazed talon 's leg , cutting a deep gash through one of his scales . 
 `` that 's how , and unless you want to join him in the underworld , we have to get out of here ! '' 
 ironclaw said with a look of fear in his eyes . 
 `` the arrow cut right through my scale ! '' 
 talon cried as he looked down to make sure he was n't bleeding from the wound . 
 `` i know , they have perfected their steel making and we have lost our advantage over them , '' ironclaw snorted . 
 `` what are we going tell the others about razorwing when we get back ? '' 
 talon asked . 
 `` we 'll say we were patrolling near cothi and the humans ambushed us using advanced weapons made with hardened steel . 
 you can show them your leg and i 'll say you were trying to rescue razorwing after they shot him down . 
 the council will not question the story after they examine your wound and see how vulnerable we are . 
 then i 'll press them to vote for war by pointing out that any delay will only help the humans arm more of their troops with this new weapon , '' ironclaw remarked . 
 `` and you think this story will be enough to get sapphire or paragon to change their vote ? '' 
 talon asked . 
 `` yes , and then we can rid our homeland of this infestation , '' ironclaw snarled . 
 `` sapphire was a close friend to draig , so i doubt she will change her mind , '' talon questioned . 
 `` are you trying to upset me by bringing his name up at a time like this ? '' 
 ironclaw snarled as he snapped at talon with his teeth . 
 `` no , i was just thinking out loud , '' talon replied in a submissive tone . 
 `` maybe you should shut up until we get home ! '' 
 ironclaw suggested in an angry tone . 
 talon lowered his head and then dropped back behind ironclaw as they continued northward . 
 he knew that ironclaw was not the kind of friend you wanted to turn into an enemy . 
 if he was willing to kill his own brother , then talon figured that no one was safe from his claws if they crossed him . 
 when they arrived back in snowden , ironclaw called for an emergency council meeting so he could explain what had happened to razorwing . 
 the elders never questioned the fictional parts of his story because he wove them in seamlessly with the truth . 
 even talon believed his embellished version of the truth by the time he was finished telling it . 
 `` as head of the council , i think it 's time to vote for war , '' ironclaw suggested . 
 `` i think we should relocate to the emerald isle , '' sapphire countered . 
 `` tucking our tails and running only works if the humans plan to leave after a short period of time . 
 i can tell you that they are claiming our land and building their forts and castles with stone . 
 this is not a temporary occupation like when the romans came , these new invaders are here to stay and their fortifications prove it . 
 if we leave now , there is no coming back . 
 we must stay and fight for what is ours , or admit defeat , '' ironclaw insisted . 
 sapphire knew she was beat the moment ironclaw threw out the word defeat , it was the one thing no fire dragon would ever accept . 
 defeat was synonymous with losing one 's honor , and honor was the backbone of their society . 
 when sapphire failed to argue with him any further , ironclaw raised his claw and called for a vote . 
 every dragon except sapphire raised their claw in support of his proposal , and the declaration of war passed . 
 `` i hope you are happy ! '' 
 she exclaimed before storming off in a huff . 
 paragon followed her out and when he saw her stomping around the overlook he went over to see her . 
 `` i 'm sorry if i upset you , '' paragon apologized . 
 `` it 's alright , i 'm not angry with you . 
 i just hate how ironclaw manipulates the truth to get what he wants , '' sapphire admitted . 
 `` i know you wanted to relocate to ireland , but there was no chance we would get enough votes for that . 
 the truth is , it was either vote for war , or argue endlessly with one another until the humans had taken over because of our failure to act , '' paragon insisted . 
 `` i know , i just wish draig was here , he might have been able to persuade the elders to relocate rather than fight , '' sapphire replied . 
 `` i know you really admired him , but most of the elders thought he was too soft . 
 i 'm not saying this to upset you , but he had lost more support than you might have realized , '' paragon revealed before heading back to his den . 
 `` there you are , '' ironclaw said in a smug tone as he slowly walked by the overlook to gloat over his victory . 
 `` leave me alone , '' sapphire replied in a sharp tone . 
 `` ca n't we kiss and make up , '' ironclaw said as he flicked his forked tongue at her . 
 `` you 're disgusting , why do n't you take your skinny , short tongue and shove it back in your lie-filled mouth , '' sapphire suggested . 
 `` you 're just mad because i won , '' ironclaw replied . 
 `` your brother would have never voted for war , '' sapphire snorted in anger . 
 `` well , then it 's a good thing i was next in line to take his place as the head of the council . 
 otherwise , we would be tucking our tails between our legs and hiding on the emerald isle while the humans take over our realm , '' ironclaw sneered . 
 `` you are short-sighted and petty . 
 your brother always put the clan first and kept innocent blood from being spilt , '' sapphire snapped . 
 `` he was a weak leader at best , and he got what he deserved ! '' 
 ironclaw said with a slip of the tongue . 
 `` what did you just say ? 
 do you know what happened to him ? '' 
 sapphire asked in a demanding voice . 
 `` no , '' ironclaw replied as he started to slowly slink away . 
 `` i think you do ! '' 
 sapphire snarled . 
 `` no i do n't , '' ironclaw replied , but before he could turn and fly off , sapphire grabbed him and pinned him on the ground . 
 `` tell me what you know , or i 'll rip that forked tongue right out of your mouth ! '' 
 ironclaw knew she was serious by the look in her angry blue eyes and he quickly conjured up a believable lie . 
 `` he was shot down near the cothi river while we were out on patrol together . 
 i think he was killed , but i 'm not positive , '' ironclaw said in his most convincing tone . 
 `` what do you mean you 're not positive ? '' 
 sapphire asked as she pressed down on his neck with her claws , causing a few of his scales to loosen . 
 `` it was too dangerous to go down after him , '' ironclaw sputtered . 
 `` you 're a coward , '' sapphire said as she tightened her grip on his neck . 
 `` i 'm not , there really was no way to save him . 
 even if he survived the fall , they surrounded him within minutes , '' ironclaw insisted . 
 `` why am i only hearing about this attack on him now ? '' 
 sapphire yelled . 
 `` because the humans would have used their swords and arrows to kill any dragon that went down there looking for him . 
 you and i both know that draig would have never wanted innocent dragon blood to be spilt in his name , '' ironclaw sniveled . 
 `` you had no right to make a decision like that on his behalf , '' sapphire scolded . 
 `` i have every right , for i am his only living relative , '' ironclaw reminded her . 
 `` that may be so , but your decision to hide the truth may have very well cost him his life . 
 at the very least i could have gone down there under the cover of darkness and either rescued him , or laid his body to rest , '' sapphire said as she released her claws from ironclaw 's scrawny neck . 
 `` i know , and i will never forgive myself if my omission of the truth led to his death , '' ironclaw replied as he forced out a couple of fake tears . 
 `` save your act for the elders , you and i both know that the only scales you care about are the ones on your pathetic hide . 
 if i ever find out that your story is untrue , or if you had anything to do with his death , i 'll bleed you out on the stone of punishment myself , '' sapphire threatened . 
 `` i 'm telling you the truth , i swear it , '' ironclaw said in a submissive tone as he got back up on his feet . 
 `` i doubt that you even know what the truth is after telling so many lies , '' sapphire said before flying off . 
 `` this is n't over , '' ironclaw muttered under his breath as he rubbed his neck with the back of his claw . 
 `` what was that all about ? '' 
 talon asked when he saw ironclaw returning from the overlook . 
 `` sapphire thinks that you and i had something to do with draig 's disappearance , and she has threatened to kill us both if she finds any proof of it . '' 
 `` was she serious ? '' 
 talon asked with a nervous whimper . 
 `` yes , we need to make sure she never uncovers the truth , '' ironclaw insisted . 
 `` how are we going to ensure that ? '' 
 `` we need to steal a bow and some arrows from the humans in the south . 
 then when she goes out on patrol , i 'll kill her and everyone will think the savages did it , '' ironclaw replied . 
 `` is it wise to attack her after she just threatened you ? 
 it might seem suspicious to the others , '' talon questioned . 
 `` it will take some time to get what we need and put my plan in motion . 
 i 'll need to trail her when she goes out on patrol so i can learn her routes , and you will need to sneak out at night and steal the bow and arrows from the humans , '' ironclaw instructed . 
 `` do you know how to use the warm-blood 's weapon ? '' 
 talon asked . 
 `` no , but i 'll practice until my claws bleed if it rids us of that blue devil , '' ironclaw chuckled . 
 chapter 4 the cothi gold mine continued to expand its operations and produce record amounts of gold over the winter months . 
 as news of the discovery spread , it drew in record numbers of fortune seekers from the mainland . 
 as before , draig listened in on the miner 's conversations and he learned that the surge of immigrants had prompted the fire dragons to step up their attacks on them . 
 he was n't sure if it was an all-out war , but it seemed like it . 
 one morning an angry horde of town folk came to the mine and started demanding that lord wellington hand over his dragon . 
 draig could hear their impassioned voices echoing down the tunnel and their ire was the result of an overnight attack on their town . 
 from what draig could tell , the villagers had marched down from the north and they wanted dragon blood spilt to quell their anger . 
 `` give us the dragon ! '' 
 the mob chanted outside of the tunnel where they knew the mine owner was holding him . 
 `` no , '' the mine owner objected . 
 `` he is not responsible for the attack on your village . '' 
 `` all dragons must be killed ! '' 
 a man yelled out from the crowd in a hostile voice . 
 `` not this one . 
 he is my property , and i will not let you take him , '' the owner insisted . 
 draig could hear the brief clash of metal and he knew the angry mob had pushed the owner and his guards aside . 
 a moment later his fears were realized as the villagers marched down the tunnel towards him . 
 when they saw draig standing in the back of his cage , they readied their spears and started shouting , `` kill the beast , kill the beast , '' over and over as they slowly advanced towards him . 
 `` stop this nonsense ! '' 
 megan yelled as she ran in front of them and stood between the angry mob and draig 's cage . 
 `` move aside dragon lover , or we 'll slay the both of you , '' a man yelled in a demanding tone as he thrust his spear at megan 's chest in a threatening manner . 
 `` you should all be ashamed of yourselves ! '' 
 megan shouted with fierceness that only a protective mother could conjure . 
 `` this dragon has n't harmed a single one of you . 
 in fact , his labor at the mill has brought your town great wealth . 
 i know for a fact that lord wellington buys lumber for his mine from your village . 
 many of the miners he employs fill your taverns and spend their wages in your town . 
 kill the dragon if you like , but then do not complain when the mill goes silent , and with it , the amount of gold spent in your shops and for your services , '' megan insisted . 
 the mob 's angry tone slowly subsided as the truth of her words settled in . 
 they knew the dragon ran the mill , and there was no denying that the increased production since his arrival had also increased spending in their town . 
 like it or not , their prosperity was tied to the mine and once that fact settled in , they lowered their weapons and left the tunnel one by one . 
 once the last villager had gone , lord wellington met megan on her way out and then slapped her across the face as hard as he could . 
 `` you have no right to interfere in my business , '' he shouted . 
 `` i just stopped the mob from killing the dragon , '' megan replied in a defensive tone . 
 `` i do n't need the help of tawdry slave girl to interfere with my business . 
 you and the dragon can both be replaced in an instant , and you would be wise to remember that , '' the owner said as he turned and walked away . 
 megan had never hated him more than at that very moment . 
 it was as if everything she did resulted in abuse and it was obvious he did n't care about her on any level . 
 `` he will never stop abusing me , no matter what i do for him , '' megan said as she unlocked the door to draig 's cage and sat down beside him . 
 `` i am sorry , he is a despicable human and one day he will pay for his misdeeds , '' draig said with hatred in his eyes . 
 `` why did he strike me after i helped him ? '' 
 megan asked as she felt the bruise on her face . 
 `` i think he is upset because you convinced the crowd to leave when he could not . 
 you made him look weak , and he is not respected by others because he cares for no one except himself , '' draig remarked as he curled his tail around her in an effort to comfort her . 
 `` i could n't just let the villagers march past him and attack you , you are my only friend , '' megan said as she ran her hand along his tail affectionately . 
 `` it was brave and foolish , you should not have risked your life for me , '' draig scolded . 
 `` unlike lord wellington , your life is worth saving . 
 besides , the villagers were n't angry enough to kill a pregnant slave girl just to take out their frustrations on an innocent dragon , '' megan insisted . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 they looked pretty irate to me . 
 either way , thank you for standing up for me and saving my life , '' draig said as megan stroked his tail a couple more times before getting up to leave . 
 she knew the guards would be in soon to take draig out to the mill , and she did n't want to get caught caressing him . 
 later that day , the mine owner had one of the guards move megan 's belonging from the servant quarters into the tunnel next to draig 's cage . 
 it was meant to punish her for speaking out , but in reality megan was happy with the move . 
 in the past , she had to make excuses for lingering in the tunnel after hours , but now she would be near draig every night . 
 he was far kinder to her than anyone else , and having a dragon as a friend made her feel special . 
 once it was dark , the guards brought draig in and locked him in his cage . 
 megan stayed clear of the guards , but the one that was always mean to her paused on his way out when he saw her making her bed . 
 `` i hope the dragon does n't take your baby in the night , '' the guard smirked . 
 `` why are you always so mean to me ? '' 
 megan asked . 
 the guard did n't answer , but as soon as he turned his back to her , draig picked up a ball of dragon dung and threw it at him through the bars . 
 `` i 'll make you pay for that ! '' 
 the guard yelled after the dragon poo hit him in the back of the head . 
 megan had to cover her mouth to keep from laughing while the guard picked the mess out of his hair . 
 when he was done , he unsnapped the whip from his belt and started walking towards draig 's cage in a threating manner . 
 draig waited for the guard to get close to the bars and then he rushed at him violently snarling and bearing his razor sharp teeth . 
 the guard fell over backwards trying to backup , and then looked away when he saw the hatred in draig 's eyes . 
 `` this is n't over , '' the guard threatened as he fumbled to get up , and then slowly backed away as he clutched his whip . 
 draig could smell the fear in the air and knew the guard was bluffing . 
 in all of his time in captivity he had never shown any aggression , so when he threatened the guard it terrified him to the bone . 
 fire dragons were intimidating creatures in their own right , but an angry one was a force to be reckoned with . 
 once the guard had left , megan finished arranging her meager belongings and settled into her new home . 
 draig liked having her by his side , and when no one was around , they shared stories about their lives with one another . 
 draig told her about dragon lore and times gone by , while megan shared details about her life before she was a slave . 
 as the long winter months passed by , draig slowly revealed more intimate details about his life , and as his trust in her grew , so did their friendship . 
 when the winter snow melted , the mine increased production for a second time and the owner worked draig harder than ever . 
 draig could have refused to do the extra work , but there was an unspoken agreement that he would crush as much ore as the mine produced , and in return , lord wellington told his guards to leave draig and megan alone . 
 life was still hard for both of them , but his friendship with megan made every day a little less miserable . 
 her kindness gave draig hope that humans might evolve into a more civilized species and be able to live peacefully with one another . 
 he knew such a day was still far off , but megan 's stories about her people fascinated and intrigued him . 
 `` megan , why do humans fight so many wars against each other ? 
 it seems odd for a species to kill so many of its own , '' draig asked late one night . 
 `` i do n't know ... perhaps it is caused by greed or jealousy . 
 as you know first-hand , wealth and power are used to separate the masses from the few who wish to control them . 
 if things were more equal , then there would be less to fight over , '' megan replied as she suddenly cringed in pain . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 draig asked when he saw holding her stomach as if that was the source of the discomfort . 
 `` it 's normal for this to happen . 
 i just need to step out and get some fresh air for a moment , '' megan said as she got up and left without explaining what was going on . 
 draig pressed his head against the bars as he watched her disappear from sight . 
 he could n't hide his concern , but he could n't just call out for her either , so he snorted a couple of times to try and get her attention . 
 a few moments later megan returned and waved her hand for him to be quiet . 
 `` the guards drank themselves asleep , but you need to stay quiet so they do n't wake-up and come in here , '' megan whispered . 
 `` why ? 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 draig asked in a low voice . 
 `` i stole the key to your leg irons and i 'm setting you free , '' megan replied . 
 `` does this mean your baby is coming ? '' 
 draig asked as megan unlocked his cage and stepped inside . 
 `` yes , now stop moving so i can remove the lock from your chains , '' megan replied . 
 `` what can i do to help ? '' 
 draig asked once the shackles were off his legs . 
 `` can you keep watch at the entrance for me ? '' 
 megan asked . 
 `` okay , i 'll make sure no one bothers you , '' draig replied as he headed down the tunnel to stand watch . 
 when he looked back , megan was laying out blankets for the arrival of her child . 
 draig did n't know how long it normally took for a human to give birth , but female dragons could lay their eggs in less than an hour , so he was optimistic it would n't take long . 
 after spending much of the night anxiously waiting , he finally heard a faint cry and knew that the child had arrived . 
 when he looked down the tunnel at megan , he saw her carefully wrapping him in a small blanket and cradling him in her arms . 
 it was a tender moment , so draig stayed at the entrance so she would not be disturbed . 
 once it started getting light out , draig left the entrance to the tunnel so he could talk to her without the risk of waking the guards . 
 `` megan , it 's going to be light out soon . 
 i think i had better get going before the guards wake up , '' draig whispered . 
 when megan did n't respond , he thought she might have fallen asleep after spending all night in labor . 
 `` megan , it 's getting light , the guards will be coming in soon , '' draig said in a slightly louder voice . 
 when megan still failed to respond he walked over to her and gently pulled the blanket back so he could check on her and the child . 
 the child was resting quietly , and megan had the biggest most loving smile on her face that draig had ever seen . 
 it nearly broke his heart though , when he realized the birth had been more than her fragile body could bear . 
 his only comfort was knowing that her days of suffering at the mine were over , and she died knowing that her child would be kept safe . 
 fearing that the guards might arrive at any moment , draig gently picked up the blanket that megan and the baby were wrapped in , and carried them out into the woods not far from the mine . 
 then he carefully removed the child from her arms and set him on the ground so he could bury her in an unmarked grave . 
 before he covered her body , he knelt down and kissed her on the forehead while the baby slept . 
 then he said a dragon prayer for her and covered her up . 
 when he heard a twig snapping in the distance he knew the guards must be searching for him , so he quickly picked up the child and took flight . 
 it was the first time in over a year he had felt the sun 's warm glow on his outstretched wings . 
 every scale on his dark red body glistened in the light of freedom . 
 since draig did n't know how long a human child could go without milk , he was afraid that the child might not survive the long journey to snowden , so he headed towards the coast . 
 he knew the water dragons nursed their young in the caves overlooking the ocean , and he hoped he could count on an old friend to help him . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 draig called out when he reached the entrance to one of the larger caves . 
 `` fire dragons are not allowed in here , '' a female dragon scolded from the depths . 
 `` i am looking for lira . 
 it 's very important that i speak to her , '' draig replied . 
 `` wait here and i 'll send her out to you , '' the female dragon responded in an unfriendly tone . 
 `` draig ? 
 is that you ? '' 
 lira said as she rushed over to greet him . 
 `` i sorry i have been away for so long , '' draig replied as lira nuzzled him affectionately . 
 `` that 's okay , i 'm just happy you have n't forgotten about me , '' lira replied . 
 `` of course not , but i need your help , '' draig said as he kept the blanket hidden under his wing . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 lira asked with a concerned look in her eyes . 
 `` is there somewhere we can go and talk in private ? '' 
 draig asked when he noticed the reflective orbs of another water dragon staring at him from the shadows . 
 `` yes , follow me , '' lira replied as she flew out of the cave . 
 draig flew after her until they came upon a secluded cave that overlooked a small white sand beach . 
 `` this place looks familiar , '' draig remarked after landing just inside the cave opening . 
 `` this is where you and i used to come and play when we were young , '' lira said with a certain fondness . 
 `` that 's right . 
 i remember it now . 
 you used to chase me around with seaweed and try to get me into the water , and i would melt your sand sculptures when you were n't looking , '' draig admitted . 
 `` those were carefree days . 
 i think our parents were worried that we might go off together , and you know how water dragons and fire dragons are n't supposed to mix , '' lira joked . 
 `` yeah , it 's a stupid rule , '' draig said with a hint of regret . 
 `` so , what has brought you here after all this time ? '' 
 lira asked . 
 `` i need some dragon milk for an orphan , '' draig replied as he continued to keep the blanket out of sight so that lira could not see what was inside of it . 
 `` oh , that 's no big deal . 
 i am already nursing two young dragons of my own . 
 a third one would be easy for a pro like me , '' lira smiled . 
 `` i 'm sure it would be ... except i do n't need it for a baby dragon , '' draig confessed with a nervous look . 
 `` well , what kind of creature have you brought for me to nurse ? '' 
 lira asked as she tried to see what he was hiding behind his wing . 
 `` just promise that you wo n't freak out until i have a chance to tell you the whole story , '' draig insisted . 
 `` okay , '' lira replied in a hesitant tone . 
 `` i have sworn an oath to protect this child , '' draig said as he lowered his wing and held the blanket out for lira . 
 lira gently pulled the blanket partially open so she could look inside , and when the child saw her , he reached up with his tiny hands and touched her muzzle . 
 `` oh my gosh ... i thought you were joking with me this whole time , '' lira admitted as she gently picked up the infant and gave him some milk . 
 `` i know how this looks , but my explanation will put all of your fears to rest , '' draig promised . 
 `` i ca n't wait to hear it , '' lira smirked as she nursed the child . 
 `` a little over a year ago i was captured and imprisoned by some humans in cothi . 
 they forced me to work at their mine , and while i was there a slave girl befriended me . 
 in return for her kindness , and her promise to help me escape , i swore an oath to protect her child once he was born . 
 unfortunately she died after the baby was born , and now i need your help taking care of him , '' draig revealed . 
 `` wow ! 
 does anyone besides me know what a big marshmallow you are ? '' 
 lira joked . 
 `` i am feared throughout the celtic realm , '' draig growled in a deep voice . 
 `` we 'll see how long that title holds up when the rest of your clan finds out you 're a daddy , '' lira smirked . 
 `` i 'm not the daddy ! 
 i 'm just taking care of him until he is weaned . 
 then i will find him a suitable home , '' draig insisted . 
 `` are you sure you 're not the daddy ? 
 he has your eyes , '' lira teased . 
 `` his eyes are hazel and mine are red ! '' 
 draig snorted . 
 `` i know , but how can i resist teasing you when you come to me with a baby of all things , '' lira smiled . 
 `` i gave my word and i intend to keep it , '' draig replied with an indignant look . 
 `` you always do , but are you sure you should take the child back to your clan ? '' 
 lira asked . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 draig replied with a look of concern . 
 `` i heard that your brother has taken your place as head of the council , and you know how much he hates the humans . 
 if you show up with this child , he 's going to claim you 're a sympathizer and try to get you dishonored , '' lira remarked . 
 `` what else can i do ? '' 
 draig remarked . 
 `` you can keep him here and i will help you take care of him . 
 he has accepted my milk , so we know he likes it , '' lira remarked . 
 `` you would be willing to help him until he is weaned ? '' 
 draig asked in an appreciative tone . 
 `` yes , you are my friend , even if you have been avoiding me for the past year , '' lira smirked . 
 `` i was imprisoned , i was n't avoiding you , '' draig insisted . 
 `` i know , i 'm just teasing you again , '' lira replied as she nuzzled him . 
 `` sorry , i am still a little off after being kept captive for so long , '' draig admitted as he thought about megan and how much he missed her . 
 `` i can see that , and forgive my behavior , i should give you your space . '' 
 `` you know i care about you lira , but things are complicated and i ca n't replace what you have lost , '' draig admitted . 
 `` i know , and i 'm not asking you too . 
 i just miss the times we once shared . '' 
 `` so do i , and those days will always be dear to me just as your friendship is to me now , '' draig replied . 
 `` i appreciate that and i will help you with this child , he is more than welcome to stay , just as you are , '' lira offered . 
 `` is it okay to use this cave ? 
 i do n't want to intrude if it 's some water dragon 's nursery ? '' 
 draig asked as he peered around for a moment . 
 `` it 's abandoned , so stay as long as you want , '' lira replied . 
 `` what about the others ? '' 
 draig asked hesitantly . 
 `` water dragons do not hate the humans like your brother does , but allowing one to live here is going to make some waves . 
 i think it will be fine once i explain that you are my guest and the child will only be here for a short period of time , '' lira replied . 
 `` i promise i will find him a new home as soon as it 's practical . 
 if you need anything , just ask , '' draig offered . 
 `` i do have one small favor to ask in return for my help , '' lira replied . 
 `` name it . '' 
 `` for some crazy reason my two little dragets think the world of you , and despite your absence , they still ask about you all of the time . 
 if it 's not too much trouble would you be their foster uncle since they do n't have one ? '' 
 lira asked . 
 `` i would be happy to do it , '' draig replied . 
 `` it means you will have to come visit them on a regular basis even after your child is gone and you rejoin your clan , '' lira insisted . 
 `` that 's fine , i 'm sure they have calmed down since the last time i saw them , '' draig remarked , but lira gave him a look that said otherwise . 
 `` no , they still have endless amounts of energy and find new and unique ways to get into trouble , '' lira admitted . 
 `` so , they 're going to want me to swim with them , and dive with them in the icy cold water like the last time i was here ? '' 
 draig cringed . 
 `` yep , and that 's not all . 
 since their dad passed away before they hatched , they need a male role model , and i was thinking a big tough fire dragon like yourself would be perfect , '' lira added . 
 `` i see , '' draig replied as he narrowed his eyes . 
 `` i know it 's a lot to ask of you , but ... '' lira paused as she looked down at the child cradled in her arms and then back up at draig to make her point . 
 `` okay , i 'll float around in the freezing cold water while your little terrors use me as an inflatable raft , or cover me in seaweed and other disgusting things that wash up , '' draig replied . 
 `` great , it seems like you already know what you 're in for , '' lira snickered . 
 `` you do know how much fire dragons hate the water , right ? '' 
 draig said as he shivered at the thought of it . 
 `` i do , and that 's why they love to get you as wet as possible when you play with them , '' lira admitted . 
 `` all kidding aside , i really do appreciate your help and i 'm happy to spend time with splash and bay . 
 you have always been a true friend to me , and this only proves it again , '' draig said as he looked at the child now sleeping in her arms . 
 `` i know , there was always something special between us , it 's just too bad that fate got in the way , '' lira said as she leaned forward and kissed draig on the cheek . 
 `` would it be okay if i left for a few hours to go check in with my clan , and see what my brother has done in my absence ? '' 
 draig asked as he rolled his eyes . 
 `` of course , i 'll take good care of your baby while you 're gone , '' lira smirked as she gently rocked him back and forth in her arms . 
 draig smiled , and then flew out of the cave . 
 lira had always been one of his best friends , and he loved her . 
 if he had been more mature when he was younger , he would have broken the rules and married her . 
 it was one of his few regrets , and if he had not fallen in love with another dragon after lira , he would have pursued her now that she was available again , if he could . 
 as draig flew along , his thoughts drifted away from lira to his home atop snowden . 
 a place that seemed so far away when he was in cothi , and now it was visible in the distance . 
 draig wondered how the clan would react to his return . 
 he knew his brother had probably made many changes in his absence and the uncertainty of this worried him . 
 ironclaw was not known for his selflessness , and hoped there would not be a fight when he asked him to hand back his seat on the council . 
 as draig mulled over his brother 's intentions , he noticed a dragon out of the corner of his eyes resting in a meadow . 
 unsure as to why a lone dragon would be in the middle lowlands by herself , he circled around for a closer look and saw that it was his friend sapphire . 
 as he casually glided down towards her , he suddenly realized she was n't resting but actually appeared to be injured . 
 fearing the worst , he folded back his wings and dove out of the sky as fast as he could . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 he asked in a panicked voice after landing next to her . 
 `` i. . . 
 i was attacked , '' she replied in a broken voice . 
 `` you 're going to be okay , it looks like you have been shot by an arrow . 
 i 'll carry you back to snowden and get you patched up , '' draig promised as he gently lifter her off the blood soaked grass . 
 `` take me somewhere else ... not snowden , '' sapphire gasped before passing out from her injuries . 
 draig looked at his mountain home in the distance , and then turned west . 
 the coast was further away than snowden , but he knew sapphire well enough to honor her request . 
 as he flew along , the muscles in his wings burned from fatigue as he carried her limp body in his arms . 
 it would have been an impossible feat had he not spent the last year of his life pulling the heavy millstone every day . 
 any fire dragon could lift and carry another a mile or two , but draig flew mile after mile without stopping in the hopes that he could save her . 
 by the time he reached the cave , he had flown over twenty miles in record-breaking time . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 lira asked when she saw sapphire dangling in draig 's arms . 
 `` she 's been shot with an arrow and lost a lot of blood , '' draig replied in a frantic tone . 
 `` wait here with her , i 'll be right back , '' lira said as she flew down towards the beach . 
 a moment later she returned with some fresh water , and a small clump of sea kelp . 
 `` what do you want me to do ? '' 
 draig asked as he gently set sapphire down on the cave floor . 
 `` pull the arrow out , and i 'll use the kelp to stop the bleeding . '' 
 `` okay , '' draig replied as he grabbed hold of the arrow and yanked it out expecting her to cry out in pain , but when she did n't , he knew that she was closer to death than not . 
 `` now give her the water , '' lira instructed as she wrapped sapphire 's wound with kelp . 
 `` how ? 
 she ca n't drink on her own , '' draig replied . 
 `` tilt her head back and pull her tongue out of the way , then carefully pour the water down her throat while rubbing it to stimulate swallowing . '' 
 `` ca n't we just wait until she can drink on her own ? '' 
 draig asked . 
 `` no , she 's lost so much blood that she is in shock . 
 we have to replace some of the lost fluids in her body , or there is no chance she 'll make it , '' lira insisted . 
 draig nodded and then gently trickled the water into her mouth while rubbing her neck to make it go down . 
 `` i gave her all of it , '' draig remarked . 
 `` then there is nothing more we can do except pray that she recovers . '' 
 `` do you think she will ? '' 
 draig asked as he struggled to maintain his composure after losing megan , and then having to see sapphire fighting for her life . 
 `` as your friend i owe you the truth . 
 the arrow pierced her lung , if she makes it , it will be a miracle , '' lira admitted as she looked away to hide her pain . 
 sapphire was her friend , and she knew that draig loved her too . 
 `` it 's not fair ! '' 
 draig shouted in anger . 
 `` why would the humans do this to her ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , but if you want to honor her life , go find the person who did this to her and make them pay , '' lira suggested . 
 `` what if she needs me ? '' 
 draig asked . 
 `` i will stay and care for her until you get back , '' lira offered . 
 `` are you sure you can handle her and the child ? '' 
 draig asked in a reluctant tone . 
 `` yes . 
 now go kill the savage that hurt her before he shoots down another innocent dragon , '' lira insisted . 
 `` alright , i 'll be back as soon as i can , '' draig said as he stormed out of the cave . 
 despite being exhausted from carrying sapphire , draig was fuelled by rage and he flew towards the meadow as fast as he could . 
 he knew that every passing minute gave the would be assassin more time to get away . 
 when draig reached the spot where sapphire had been attacked , he circled the meadow feverishly looking for clues . 
 he knew that if he could find something left behind by the humans , he could use the scent on it to track them down . 
 it would n't take much , a discarded scrap of food , or a torn piece of clothing , practically anything a warm-blood had touched would be enough . 
 as draig slowly scanned the ground with his razor sharp vision , he spotted a bow and quiver hanging in a small tree near the meadow . 
 with such a prize left behind , draig swooped down and grabbed them since they were dangling from a long narrow branch . 
 then he held the weapon up to his nose and sniffed it repeatedly , hoping to derive the scent of the human who held it last . 
 after several minutes of carefully smelling the weapon from top to bottom , he could n't detect any human odors on it . 
 the only scents he could identify were sheep 's blood and fish . 
 it was an odd combination of odors , but if he could find the human that matched those , it would be the archer responsible for attacking sapphire . 
 once draig finished searching the area around the meadow without finding any more clues , he widened his search in hopes of spotting the human . 
 in the distance he noticed a sheepherder 's ranch and he immediately flew over to it hoping to find the perpetrator . 
 `` papa ! 
 there 's a dragon in our pasture ! '' 
 a young boy called out the instant draig landed . 
 `` stay away from him ! 
 i 'll be right there , '' the boy 's father yelled from inside a dilapidated shack serving as their home . 
 draig tried not to laugh when the man ran out of the house waving a broom into the air yelling , `` shoo , dragon , shoo ! '' 
 at him . 
 draig sniffed the air once the man was close enough to be scented , but despite having sheep , he neither smelled of their blood or of fish . 
 `` i mean you no harm , '' draig said in deep voice once he knew the man was not responsible for the attack . 
 `` you ... you can talk ? '' 
 the man sputtered as he dropped his broom and looked at draig in disbelief . 
 `` yes , and i need your help . 
 have you seen any strangers come through here recently ? '' 
 draig asked . 
 `` no , '' the man replied still looking on in shock . 
 `` what about your boy ? 
 draig asked as he looked over at the child . 
 `` have you seen anyone come by here while you were out tending your sheep ? '' 
 `` papa , the dragon just spoke to me . 
 what do i do ? '' 
 the boy asked , uncertain if he should answer draig or not . 
 `` just tell him the truth , '' the man instructed . 
 `` no one comes here , '' the boy replied as he closed the gate to the corral and then looked over at his dad to make sure he was n't in trouble . 
 `` you do n't need to be afraid , i 'm not here to hurt you . 
 i 'm just trying to track down a human who attacked my friend . 
 from the air i could see that your ranch is the only one around and i just want to make sure you have n't seen anyone in the last couple of days or nights ? '' 
 draig asked . 
 `` we have n't seen any people in a long time , and the only nighttime visitors we get are dragons , '' the man admitted . 
 `` what do mean ? '' 
 draig asked . 
 `` a couple of dragons came here last night and stole two of my sheep , '' the man said as he eyed draig suspiciously . 
 `` how do you know it was a dragon and not a pack of wolves ? '' 
 draig questioned . 
 `` because wolves do n't leave scales behind , '' the man replied . 
 `` you found a scale ? '' 
 draig asked as he suddenly felt his assumptions might have been misplaced . 
 `` yeah , i 'll have my boy go fetch it for you , '' the man replied as he motioned for his son to go get it . 
 a few moments later the boy came running over to draig and handed it to him before his father could intervene . 
 `` he 's okay , i promise i wo n't harm him , '' draig said when he saw the worried look on the father 's face . 
 the man nodded , but his expression remained apprehensive as his son stood next to draig clearly unafraid of him . 
 `` that scale is a lot darker than yours , '' the boy remarked after seeing how draig was examining it . 
 `` yes , and i know which dragon it belongs to , '' draig admitted . 
 `` you do ? '' 
 the man asked as he motioned for his son to move away from draig to no avail . 
 `` it 's from my brother ironclaw , and it would seem that he has betrayed us all , '' draig snorted as he detected the faint odor of fish on the scale . 
 `` can you explain that to me ? '' 
 the man asked . 
 `` it appears that he has not only stolen some of your sheep , but he may also be responsible for my friend being shot down , '' draig revealed . 
 `` are you going to stop him from coming here ? 
 i ca n't afford to lose any more of my flock , '' the man said as he looked over at his skinny son . 
 `` i promise that he will be brought to justice , but you must be patient . 
 i have to take care of my friend before i can go after my brother , '' draig said as he clinched the black scale in his claw . 
 `` i understand , '' the man replied . 
 `` i need you to keep my visit here a secret , and you must tell no others that dragons can talk . 
 if you can promise me those two things , i will see that you are repaid for what my brother has stolen from you , '' draig promised . 
 `` i will not be made a fool by telling people that dragons can talk , so your secret is safe with us , '' the man laughed . 
 `` then i will be back with payment when i can . 
 if you see any other dragons beside me , do not engage them . 
 my brother and his friends can not be trusted , and i do n't want to see any harm come to you or your family , '' draig warned . 
 `` okay , '' the man replied . 
 as draig turned to leave he felt someone touch the tip of his tail and when he looked back , he saw the little boy smiling at him . 
 draig smiled back and then took to the air . 
 `` papa , i touched a dragon ! '' 
 the boy exclaimed with delight . 
 `` i know , i was standing right here when you did it , '' his father replied with a look of disbelief . 
 `` am i in trouble ? '' 
 the boy asked innocently . 
 `` you probably should be , but since the dragon did n't object , we 'll just keep this one between us , '' his father replied as he thought about how his wife would react if she knew what he had done . 
 while draig was on his way back to the coast , he could n't stop wondering why his brother might have attacked sapphire . 
 it seemed unlikely that she would have done anything to deserve it , but he had been gone for over a year , so perhaps there was a justified reason . 
 all he knew was that if ironclaw was guilty of some form of treachery , he would have no choice but to return to snowden and seek justice . 
 the only reason he did n't go there and question him that instant , was his desire to get back to sapphire as quickly as possible . 
 the pain of not knowing if she would recover from her injuries or not was breaking his heart . 
 he had never told her that he loved her , and now he feared she would die without knowing how much he cared for her . 
 it was a secret he had kept too long for fear that it might ruin the friendship they shared . 
 when draig arrived back at the cave , lira stopped him at the entrance and draig braced himself for the worst . 
 `` is she dead ? '' 
 he asked , fearing he might have missed his chance to say good-bye . 
 `` no , i just did n't want you to rush over and disturb her or the child since they are both sleeping , '' lira whispered . 
 `` oh sorry , i 'll be quieter , '' draig said as he lowered his voice and sighed in relief . 
 `` did you find the human that shot her ? '' 
 lira asked when she saw the bow and arrows dangling from his claw . 
 `` no , but i think my brother ironclaw is involved somehow , '' draig admitted . 
 `` ironclaw , i do n't understand ? 
 that weapon clearly belongs to a human , '' lira remarked . 
 `` my brother likes to make others look guilty for his deeds and this attack might be his doing , '' draig admitted . 
 `` what makes you think that ? '' 
 lira asked . 
 `` i found the bow and quiver hanging from a tree , and from the way it was dangling , i think it was dropped there by a dragon flying overhead . 
 not only that , but it does n't have a trace of human odor on it , only the smell of fish and sheep 's blood , '' draig said as he held it out so lira could sniff it . 
 `` that is odd , but i still do n't see how you would know your brother had anything to do with it ? '' 
 `` he accidently left one of his scales at a sheepherder 's ranch where he and another dragon stole two sheep the other night , '' draig said accusingly as he opened his claw to reveal the coal black scale . 
 `` that would explain the sheep 's blood , but what about the fish smell ? 
 you do n't eat fish unless you have to , '' lira questioned . 
 `` that 's true , the dragons in my clan prefer game animals over fish except for my brother and his lazy friends . 
 they feed on fish from the lake just below snowden and only hunt when they have to , '' draig admitted . 
 `` if ironclaw is responsible , what are you going to do ? '' 
 lira asked . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i ca n't prove anything without sapphire 's testimony . 
 all i know for sure is that my brother and one of his friends was in the area where she was attacked , and one of them touched the bow and quiver . '' 
 `` ironclaw would never give you the benefit of the doubt with evidence like this , '' lira remarked as she went over to check on sapphire . 
 `` i know he probably did it , but i need proof , '' draig said as he followed her into the cave . 
 `` what do you know about healers ? '' 
 lira asked as she inspected sapphire 's wound . 
 `` i know they are real , but there has n't been a healer for many centuries , '' draig replied . 
 `` it has actually been much longer than that , but they seem to come in times of need , '' lira revealed . 
 `` is sapphire going to die without one ? '' 
 draig asked as he looked down at her and tried not to cry . 
 `` i 'm afraid so , but before you lose all hope , i want you to lift the kelp from her side and tell me what you see . '' 
 `` that 's impossible , her wound is nearly healed , '' draig gasped in disbelief when he saw a tiny scar where there had been a mortal wound only hours before . 
 `` did you do this ? '' 
 he asked as though she had performed a miracle in his absence . 
 `` no , she did n't start to get better until the child curled up next to her , '' lira replied . 
 `` only one in a million dragons has such power , and no lesser creature has ever had the gift of healing , '' draig scoffed . 
 `` i know , but when i try and move him away from her , he cries , and she gets worse . 
 i have never seen anything like it , '' lira admitted . 
 `` how can one so little have such great power ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , but the gift if strongest in those who have descendants who were healers , '' lira replied . 
 `` i am certain that the child 's parents were not healers , '' draig insisted . 
 `` how can you be so sure ? '' 
 lira asked . 
 `` because megan and i shared details about our lives with one another , and there was never any mention of a human healer , '' draig asserted . 
 `` when you swore to protect her child , did you happen to seal that promise with your blood ? '' 
 lira asked . 
 `` i did , to ensure it was binding so that she would know how committed i was to protecting her child . '' 
 `` then your blood and hers mixed , which means the child also has traces of dragon blood in his veins , '' lira insisted . 
 `` he might , but i am not a healer , '' draig admitted . 
 `` no , but you are a descendant of one if i am not mistaken . '' 
 draig did not reply , he knew what she was implying , and it sent a chill down his spine . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 lira asked after a few moments . 
 `` i am . 
 i just feel a bit overwhelmed by all of this , '' draig replied . 
 `` no one knows what combination of events must come together to create a healer , but when one comes , it is for a reason , '' lira remarked . 
 `` why would a human child have been given this gift ? '' 
 draig asked . 
 `` i do not know , but your promise to protect him is more important now than ever , '' lira replied . 
 `` i have never read the writings in the cave of secrets , is there any mention of an event like this ? '' 
 draig asked . 
 `` there is a prophecy that mentions a powerful healer born of flesh and fire sent to save a dying race . 
 another one talks about a descendant of the healer who will ignite the forgotten flame and bring light into the shadows , '' lira revealed . 
 `` are those things connected ? '' 
 draig asked . 
 `` i think so because they are written side by side on the same wall in the cave , '' lira replied . 
 `` the second prophecy sounds like it 's in the distant future , '' draig remarked . 
 `` i would agree , but the first one bears some resemblance to current events . 
 the child was born from flesh and you are a fire dragon who is helping to raise him . 
 the similarity to the passage is hard to miss , '' lira insisted . 
 `` perhaps you could take me to the cave of secrets when you have the time ? '' 
 draig suggested . 
 `` i will , but not now , i have to go tend to my little ones , '' lira replied . 
 `` is there anything i need to do for the child while you 're gone ? '' 
 draig asked as he looked down at him . 
 `` no , he just ate , and i 'll be back in a few of hours to feed him again . '' 
 `` okay , thanks again for all of your help . 
 i would be lost without you , '' draig admitted . 
 `` you 're welcome , '' lira said as she took to the air . 
 chapter 5 sapphire slept for several days while draig and lira took turns looking after her and the child . 
 one morning while lira was nursing the child , sapphire yawned and opened her eyes . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 lira asked as she quickly covered the child with the blanket . 
 `` i feel fine , other than having a slight tingling sensation in my side , '' sapphire replied as she rose to her feet . 
 `` do you recall what had happened to you ? '' 
 lira asked . 
 `` i remember being shot by an arrow , '' sapphire replied as she tried to remember . 
 `` do you know who did it , or why ? '' 
 lira asked . 
 `` yeah , it was ironclaw and talon . 
 i think they were trying to kill me , '' sapphire snarled as she recalled the event . 
 `` that 's what draig was afraid of , '' lira remarked . 
 `` is draig alive ? '' 
 sapphire asked as her eyes lit up with hope . 
 `` yes , he 's playing with splash and bay down at the beach . 
 do you want me to fly down there and get him ? '' 
 lira offered so she could hide the child before sapphire saw him . 
 `` wait a minute , can you tell me what happened to him before you go ? 
 you know how he likes to put his own spin on things . '' 
 `` sure , he was taken captive and forced to work at a mine down in cothi for the past year . 
 when he escaped his captors , he stopped here so he could rest before heading back to snowden . 
 after his respite , he spotted you in a meadow on his way home . 
 when he saw that you were injured , he brought you back here and we patched you up . 
 once you were settled in , he went out to look for the person who shot you . 
 he did n't want to leave you , but he could n't stand the thought of the person getting away , or worse yet , shooting down another dragon . 
 as he followed the trail of clues , he realized ironclaw might have been involved but he could n't prove it , '' lira replied . 
 `` draig is not going to be happy when i tell him that sniveling weasel ironclaw and his sidekick talon tried to kill me and make it look like the humans did it . 
 i 'm going to see that those two back-stabbers are bled out on the stone of punishment when i get back to snowden ! '' 
 sapphire roared . 
 `` now that you 're up , i should probably go get draig , '' lira offered when she felt the child stirring in her arms . 
 `` what are you holding ? '' 
 sapphire asked when she saw the blanket start to wiggle . 
 `` nothing , '' lira replied . 
 `` i 'm your friend , you can trust me , '' sapphire said when lira started to turn away . 
 `` alright , but it 's hard to explain , and you ca n't tell anyone about this , '' lira insisted . 
 `` i wo n't , '' sapphire promised without knowing what she was agreeing to . 
 `` there was a slave woman that helped draig escape , and in return for her help he promised to take care of her child , '' lira replied . 
 `` that 's preposterous , why would he do that ? 
 dragons do n't talk to humans , let alone make promises to them ! '' 
 sapphire scoffed . 
 `` i 'm telling you the truth . 
 draig promised to care for her child until he could find him a suitable home , '' lira insisted . 
 `` i do n't know where you got that creature , but you need to take it back to its rightful owner before anyone realizes what you have done , '' sapphire ordered . 
 `` i did n't take him , draig did , and he asked me to help him take care of the child , '' lira said as she slowly backed away from sapphire . 
 `` give him to me and i 'll rid you of this silliness , '' sapphire said as she held out her claw . 
 `` no , you ca n't have him , he 's a healer and he just saved you ! '' 
 lira said in a defiant tone . 
 `` how gullible do you think i am ? 
 a human ca n't heal a dragon or anything else for that matter . 
 now give me the child , '' sapphire demanded as she reached for the blanket . 
 `` do n't touch him ! '' 
 draig yelled as he flew into the cave and saw sapphire grabbing at the blanket . 
 `` draig ? 
 you really are alive ! 
 i thought lira had taken someone 's child and was lying to cover up her crime , '' sapphire admitted . 
 `` i took the child , and he is under my protection . 
 i swore an oath to his mother before she passed away and that is the truth , '' draig insisted . 
 `` she said the child healed me , surely that part of the story is n't true . '' 
 `` it is , the child is a healer . 
 i do n't know how much you remember about what happened to you , but when i found you , you were near death and neither of us expected you to survive . 
 the truth is , you only started to get better after the child curled up next to you , '' draig revealed . 
 `` really ? '' 
 sapphire questioned . 
 `` i swear on my dragon skin that he brought you back from the darkness , '' draig insisted . 
 `` i owe him my life , '' sapphire said as she slowly withdrew her claw from the edge of the blanket . 
 `` if you do n't believe us take a look at your wound and then explain how you were healed , '' draig suggested . 
 sapphire slowly pulled the kelp off of her side and then lowered her head in shame for doubting them . 
 `` i am so sorry , it just seemed so far-fetched , '' sapphire apologized . 
 `` i know you 're still recovering , but can you tell me who shot you with the arrow ? '' 
 draig asked . 
 `` i am sorry to say it was your brother and talon who attacked me , '' sapphire replied , knowing it might be hard for draig to hear how vicious ironclaw had become . 
 `` i am sorry to ask , but why would they want to harm you ? 
 was there any justification for it ? '' 
 `` no , but things have drastically changed since you 've been gone . 
 the elders gave your seat on the council to your brother and he has used it to corrupt the others . 
 believe it or not , i was the only dragon who voted against the war . 
 your brother poisoned their minds and then had the audacity to rub his victory in my face . 
 i lost my temper and i threw him on the ground . 
 then i called him a liar . 
 it was n't one of my finer moments , but he deserved it , '' sapphire insisted . 
 `` that dispute would n't give him the authority to attack you . 
 are you positive it was ironclaw and talon who shot you with the arrow , and not just some human passing by that fired it at you ? '' 
 draig asked . 
 `` without a doubt . 
 it was nighttime , but my vision is keen and i clearly saw ironclaw and talon trailing me in the moonlight . 
 ironclaw is the one who actually shot me , but talon was flying right beside him so he needs to be punished as well , '' sapphire insisted . 
 `` okay , we 'll take this matter up with the dragon council once you are well enough to fly back to snowden with me , '' draig replied . 
 `` i feel fine , but before we go there is something else you need to know about your brother , '' sapphire said in a hesitant tone . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` not only has he taken your seat at the head of the council , but the elders are also letting him plan and direct the battles now that we are at war with the humans , '' sapphire revealed . 
 `` why on earth would they let him to do that ? '' 
 draig asked . 
 `` because they knew that he had been secretly attacking their villages at night with some measure of success , '' sapphire admitted . 
 `` i ca n't believe how bad things have gotten since he took over . '' 
 `` i know . 
 ironclaw has fooled them all , and the sooner we can get back to snowden , the sooner you can boot him out on his dragon butt , '' sapphire snorted . 
 `` i know you 're eager to see ironclaw and talon pay for their crimes , but it 's too soon to make that trip . 
 you were half dead just a few days ago . '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' sapphire replied as she flapped her wings a couple of times to prove her point . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i believe the child healed me . 
 now let 's go get your brother before he endangers any more lives , '' sapphire exclaimed . 
 `` lira , i hate to ask , but can you take care of the child until sapphire and i can get things under control ? '' 
 `` of course , you need to dethrone your brother and put an end to the war , '' lira replied without hesitation . 
 `` thank you . 
 i am sure we will be back in a few days time , '' draig promised as he followed sapphire out of the cave . 
 once they were airborne , sapphire flew alongside draig as they headed northeast . 
 draig kept looking over at her every few minutes and she was n't sure if he was worried she would n't make it all the way there , or if there was something else on his mind . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 she asked when she caught him staring at her . 
 `` sorry , i just ca n't believe you are healed . 
 you have no idea how the thought of losing you affected me , '' draig admitted as he smiled at her lovingly . 
 `` you 're so sweet . 
 i missed you too , '' sapphire replied . 
 `` i hope you understand why i offered to care for the child , '' draig remarked . 
 `` whatever your reason i will never question it . 
 you made a pact with a human and her child turned out to be a healer . 
 then you found me , and the child you saved , saved me . 
 what are the odds of that ? '' 
 sapphire questioned . 
 `` i do n't know , but lira found a passage in the cave of secrets that may have foretold of the healer 's arrival , '' draig admitted . 
 `` if the child is the healer of prophecy , then a great calamity awaits us , '' sapphire remarked . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 draig asked . 
 `` the cave of secrets got that name because the elders clawed out any passages that spoke of a healer not of our kin . 
 they knew his arrival would divide the fire dragons and they did n't want him to be welcomed or protected . 
 if the elders discover that the child you are protecting is a healer , they will stop at nothing to kill him , '' sapphire revealed . 
 `` how do you know all of this ? 
 i was on the council for years and there was no mention of these events to me , '' draig questioned . 
 `` that 's because the few elders that know of this have sworn an oath to hide the truth and keep watch for this healer . 
 they believe the prophecy can be rewritten if he is killed , '' sapphire admitted . 
 `` why would they tell you of their secret oath ? 
 they know you would never allow then to hunt down a healer even if he was a human , '' draig insisted . 
 `` they never told me , and i have kept this to myself fearing what they would do to me if they knew i had knowledge of it . 
 the only reason i know about this is because a pigmy dragon read the prophecy before it was defaced and passed it down to his kin . 
 he died long ago , but the pigmy dragons believe a descendant of the healer will unite them in a new land . 
 they do not fear the one with power , and they call him by his name , '' sapphire replied . 
 `` and what name is that ? '' 
 draig asked . 
 `` the dragon wizard , '' sapphire replied . 
 draig did n't know what to make of all the prophetic stories , but if half of what sapphire had been told was true , then the prophecy was being fulfilled , and megan 's child was the one with power . 
 `` i guess we 'll just have to see how this plays out , '' draig replied as he passed over a village he had not seen before . 
 `` it looks like they are preparing for battle , '' sapphire remarked when she saw him looking down at the humans that were clad in armor . 
 `` yeah , things are spiraling out of control . 
 i hope it is not too late to take back control of the council once my brother is ousted , '' draig added as he flew towards their mountain stronghold . 
 when they landed at snowden , several elders rushed over the moment they saw them , but their demeanor seemed less welcoming than draig had expected . 
 `` you seem surprised to see me ? '' 
 draig remarked . 
 `` yes , where have you been all this time ? '' 
 one of the elders asked as he eyed draig suspiciously . 
 `` it 's a long story , but before i get into it , can you tell me if my brother and talon are around ? '' 
 `` yes , they are down near the lake drafting up the battle plan for tonight 's attack , '' the elder replied in an uneasy tone . 
 `` i want the two of them arrested immediately , and then call the council to order ! '' 
 draig commanded . 
 `` under whose authority ? '' 
 the elder questioned . 
 `` mine , i 'm reclaiming my seat as head of the council and i 'm ordering you to arrest ironclaw and talon , '' draig yelled in an angry tone when he realized the elder was n't taking him seriously . 
 `` i see , '' the elder replied before flying off . 
 when the elder returned with several more members of the dragon council in tow , draig could see he was in for a fight . 
 `` where 's my brother and the half-wit ? '' 
 draig demanded . 
 `` they will be here in a minute , '' the elder replied as he motioned for the council members to surround draig and sapphire . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 draig roared when he realized they were boxing them in . 
 `` you and sapphire are under arrest . 
 do not resist , or i will order them to bind you , '' the elder threatened . 
 `` this is absurd ! '' 
 draig snarled in protest . 
 `` who is behind this ? '' 
 `` your brother ironclaw and talon have evidence that you and sapphire have been helping the humans , and you stand accused of treason , '' the elder said in an accusatory tone . 
 `` that is ridiculous ! '' 
 draig yelled . 
 `` you have been duped by a liar and his fool ! '' 
 the elder did not react to draig 's insults and simply waited for ironclaw and talon to come up from the lake . 
 `` oh goodie , the prodigal son has returned , '' ironclaw sneered as he landed behind the other dragons . 
 `` you are a disgrace to this clan ! '' 
 draig shouted . 
 `` brother , you and the blue devil should have never returned . 
 now you will both have to pay for your treasonous acts , '' he claimed as he looked over at sapphire with a smug look on his scaly face . 
 `` your lies wo n't be enough to convict us , '' sapphire snorted in anger . 
 `` we 'll see about that , '' ironclaw replied as he motioned to have them taken to the stone of punishment . 
 draig and sapphire immediately dug their claws into the rocky soil , as the elders dragged them along until they reached the stone . 
 they could have tried to escape , but they did n't want to give ironclaw a reason to kill them without having a trial . 
 `` even if your deception condemns us , you ca n't execute us until dies saturni , '' sapphire argued as one of the elders tied her and draig to the stone with eel skin rope . 
 `` not to worry your royal blueness , we 'll make an exception for you and your boyfriend , '' ironclaw snorted . 
 `` are you listening to him ? '' 
 draig interrupted . 
 `` he bosses you around and makes up the rules as he goes . 
 have you made him your king ? 
 because that 's what i see , '' draig added as he looked around at the elders , many of which he thought were his friends . 
 `` we are winning the fight against the humans under his command , '' one of the dragons replied in ironclaw 's defense . 
 `` even if that is true , more soldiers are coming . 
 every dragon that falls in battle is irreplaceable , for they are many , and we are few , '' draig pointed out . 
 `` of course you would side with them , '' ironclaw accused . 
 `` you and the blue devil exaggerate their numbers so we will turn tail and run like cowards . '' 
 `` i am not exaggerating . 
 i have overheard them discussing their plans and many more are coming to take this land , '' draig insisted . 
 `` i have heard enough , let 's start the trial so the elders can decide who is telling the truth , and who is the lover of the warm-bloods , '' ironclaw snorted . 
 `` go ahead and ask your questions little brother , i do n't fear your lies , but you should fear the truth , '' draig contended . 
 `` why do n't we start off by finding out where you have been for the past twelve months , '' ironclaw questioned . 
 `` i was taken captive by the humans , and forced to work at the cothi gold mine , '' draig replied `` why did the humans decide to let you go after all this time ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` they did n't just let me go . 
 a slave girl who also worked at the mine took pity on me and set me free , '' draig replied . 
 `` wow , you must have really impressed her if she risked her life to save a dragon , '' ironclaw sneered . 
 draig did n't reply because he knew his brother was trying to get him to say something that would sound incriminating . 
 `` what about you princess , you 're looking healthy , '' ironclaw remarked when he could n't see where the arrow had struck her . 
 `` was that a question , or are you in love ? '' 
 sapphire replied with a look of disgust . 
 `` i just want to know where you have been hiding these past few days ? '' 
 ironclaw asked as he flicked his tongue at her disrespectfully . 
 `` i 've been recovering from your attempt on my life , you scaleless worm ! '' 
 she snarled . 
 `` funny , i do n't see any claw marks or bite wounds on your pretty little scales ? '' 
 ironclaw remarked as he goaded her on . 
 `` that 's because you shot me with an arrow to make it look like the humans attacked me ! '' 
 sapphire snorted in frustration . 
 `` really ! 
 can you show the elders where this magical arrow struck you ? '' 
 ironclaw chuckled . 
 `` i heal quickly , '' sapphire replied when she realized she had fallen for his trap . 
 `` so you claim that i shot you with an arrow just a few days ago , yet there is n't a scratch on you ? '' 
 ironclaw said in a patronizing tone . 
 `` i 'm telling the truth ! '' 
 sapphire shouted in anger . 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 ironclaw replied . 
 `` i think you and draig are trying to blame me for an attack that clearly never happened , so you can get away with treason . 
 draig already admitted that the humans let him go and that 's because he taught them how to make the hardened steel in exchange for his freedom . 
 we already know the weapons originated from the south , precisely where draig was being held . 
 we also know that sapphire 's claim that i attacked her is a lie , and she is clearly trying to cover up draig 's betrayal of us . 
 i would like to point out that as his accomplice , she is also guilty of treason and subject to the same penalties that he is ! '' 
 ironclaw added . 
 `` before we pass judgement , each of them has the right to speak in their own defense , '' an elder interrupted . 
 `` fine , let the blue devil and my treasonous brother have their say , '' ironclaw snorted . 
 `` sapphire , you may go first . '' 
 `` i swear to all of you that ironclaw and talon attacked me . 
 i also know that draig had nothing to do with the humans ' development of hardened steel , therefore neither of us is guilty of treason . '' 
 `` do you have any proof to back up your claims ? '' 
 the elder asked . 
 `` is my oath of truth not enough ? '' 
 sapphire exclaimed . 
 `` what about you draig ? 
 do you have any proof that can show us that you are innocent of these charges ? '' 
 the elder asked . 
 `` like sapphire , i have my word of honor , and i swear to you that we are both telling the truth . 
 as for proof , i have none , but what proof does my brother offer to show we are guilty ? 
 a tale that seems like the truth only because it 's easier to believe that the humans are evil , rather than admit that ironclaw has fooled you ? '' 
 `` that 's your defense ? '' 
 ironclaw laughed . 
 `` the humans are bunny kissing , flower picking , do-gooders ? 
 really , they 're not all evil ? 
 because there is not a fire dragon on this mountain who has not seen dragon blood on their new swords and arrows . '' 
 `` the only blood that has been spilt is on your hands ! '' 
 draig roared in anger . 
 `` that 's enough yelling , the both of you , '' the elder interrupted . 
 `` ironclaw , do you have any evidence to support your claims against them ? '' 
 `` i have talon as my witness and razorwing would have also have testified against them had he not been slain by a blade forged by my brother 's betrayal . '' 
 `` talon , are the accusations against sapphire and draig true ? '' 
 the elder asked . 
 `` yes , and i 'm willing to swear it on my dragon skin , '' talon said as he gulped down his lie . 
 `` alright , we have heard the testimony from both sides , now it 's time for us to adjourn and to decide on the verdict . 
 when we reach it , we will either set the accused free , or wet the stone of punishment with their blood , '' the elder remarked with indifference in his voice . 
 once the elders were gone , sapphire tugged at the eel skin rope that bound her to the stone , but she could not break it . 
 `` there is a reason they use eel skin , '' draig whispered , `` not only is the slimy stuff fireproof , but it is virtually unbreakable . '' 
 `` you are stronger than any dragon i know , see if you can break it , '' sapphire suggested in a hopeful tone . 
 draig pulled at the rope as hard as he could , but it only cut between his scales . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i ca n't break it , '' draig apologized . 
 `` do you think we should have told them about the bow and arrows , or the scale that you found not far from where i was attacked ? '' 
 sapphire asked in a low voice . 
 `` all those things only prove that my brother was in the area , but it does n't prove that he attacked you . 
 unfortunately , the power that healed you also removed any trace that you were actually attacked , '' draig sighed . 
 `` perhaps lira would testify on our behalf , '' sapphire suggested . 
 `` i am sure she would , but if ironclaw is able to discredit us , he will do the same to her . 
 then she would be executed for helping us , and the child i have sworn to protect would be killed . 
 i 'm willing to sacrifice my life to protect theirs , but i 'm not going to risk their lives on the off chance that lira could save ours . 
 if you want to involve her i will not object because it is your choice to do so , and your life is also at risk , '' draig remarked . 
 `` no , i agree with you . 
 ironclaw has the elders eating out of his claws and exposing lira would only result in more innocent dragon blood being shed , '' sapphire admitted as she lowered her head in defeat . 
 `` i am truly sorry that i dragged you into this whole mess , '' draig whispered as he leaned his head against hers . 
 `` do n't be angry with yourself , i would already be dead if you had not come along after ironclaw shot me down . 
 to be honest , i 'm happy i got to see you one last time . 
 i love you draig , i always have , and i always will , '' sapphire whispered back . 
 `` i love you too , and i am sorry i kept my feelings hidden for so long . 
 i never meant to hurt you , and i did n't want to hurt lira either . 
 i was conflicted and confused and it took me a long time to sort it all out . 
 i hope you can forgive me for keeping it from you for so long , '' draig replied . 
 `` you should have told me how you felt long ago . 
 i would have never held your youthful crush with lira against you or her , you are both my friends , '' sapphire replied . 
 `` i see that now , '' draig sighed as he looked over at the circle of elders arguing over their fate . 
 `` is there any chance they will set us free ? '' 
 sapphire asked when she looked up . 
 `` no . 
 ironclaw may be a coward and a liar , but he is quite crafty when it comes to manipulating the truth and getting his way . '' 
 `` how can two brothers be so different ? '' 
 sapphire remarked as she intertwined her tail with draig 's for comfort . 
 `` i do n't know , we were raised as equals , but he always blamed others when things did n't go the way he wanted . 
 i think he lacks empathy and truly only cares about himself , '' draig admitted . 
 `` speak of the devil , here he comes now , '' sapphire whispered . 
 `` good news brother . 
 the elders have found you and the blue devil guilty of treason ... and your sentence is death , '' ironclaw laughed as he pranced around the stone of punishment . 
 `` your heart is as black as your scales , '' sapphire snorted in disgust . 
 `` oh , you have no idea , '' ironclaw said as he stopped in front of her , and then suddenly grabbed her by the throat . 
 `` i 'm going to bleed you out first , that way draig can watch you die while he is powerless to stop me . '' 
 `` the law requires that executions to be quick and merciful ! '' 
 draig demanded . 
 `` brother , you have been gone a long time . 
 the old ways have been forgotten , just as you shall be when this day is over , '' ironclaw said with a cruel smile . 
 `` there is still time to stop this madness . 
 admit your crimes and i will show you mercy , '' draig offered . 
 `` my only crime was not killing you after you crash-landed near cothi . '' 
 `` you were there ? '' 
 draig asked with a surprised look on his face . 
 `` yes , and i 'll tell you a little secret , '' ironclaw teased as he leaned towards draig so he could whisper in his ear . 
 `` i dropped the net on you . '' 
 draig pulled at the bindings with all of his strength , but even as enraged as he was they held fast . 
 `` any last request ? '' 
 ironclaw asked as he turned back to sapphire and started digging his talons into her neck . 
 `` look behind you , '' she muttered . 
 ironclaw ignored her warning thinking it was a trick until an arrow struck the ground next to him . 
 `` what the heck ! '' 
 he exclaimed as he let go of her to see where the arrow had come from . 
 much to his surprise , he saw several armor clad soldiers running towards him . 
 `` i 'll let the humans seal your fate , '' ironclaw snarled as another arrow whizzed past his head as he took flight . 
 within minutes , the horde of soldiers had shot down and killed several dragons that had tried to stop them from taking over snowden , but ironclaw and talon escaped . 
 once the mountaintop was secured , the soldiers quickly encircled the stone of punishment in what was shaping up to be a free-for-all dragon slaying . 
 `` what do we have here ? '' 
 the commander remarked as he prepared to thrust his sword into draig 's chest to make an example out of him . 
 `` wait ! 
 do n't kill him ! '' 
 a soldier cried out from the crowd . 
 `` tegan , explain yourself ! '' 
 the commander grumbled in a coarse tone as he motioned for him to step forward . 
 `` i think i might know this dragon , '' tegan replied as he stepped forward and stared at draig for a moment . 
 `` yes , he worked at the cothi gold mine , i 'm sure of it . '' 
 `` wonderful , now may i kill him ? '' 
 the commander said as if he was asking for permission , when he was not . 
 `` no , he deserves to be set free ! '' 
 tegan interrupted . 
 `` are you deranged ? 
 he will attack us if we do that , '' the commander replied in a sharp tone . 
 `` no he wo n't . 
 this dragon is not like the others , he has honor . 
 i saw him give a slave girl a proper burial back at the mine . 
 he even said a prayer for her , '' tegan insisted . 
 `` you fool , dragons ca n't talk , '' the commander laughed . 
 `` then i wager you this , if i can get him to speak , you will set him and his companion free . 
 if i fail , then you may kill them both , and i 'll pay one gold solidus for your trouble , '' tegan offered . 
 `` you are willing to bet a year 's wages that this beast can speak ? '' 
 the commander asked as if the offer was ridiculous . 
 `` yes , i am certain i can get him to talk , '' tegan replied as he held the gold coin in his palm so his commander could see he was n't joking . 
 `` i will take that wager , '' the commander said as he lowered his sword and then stepped back so everyone could watch tegan make a fool of himself . 
 `` dragon , if you and your friend want to be set free , then you must say something to prove that you can talk , '' tegan insisted as he placed the gold solidus back into his pocket . 
 draig looked over at sapphire and she nodded her head up and down . 
 `` you are correct , i can talk , '' draig admitted in a low voice . 
 `` the demon speaks , kill it ! '' 
 a soldier yelled out from the crowd . 
 `` no ! '' 
 the commander interrupted . 
 `` i gave tegan my word , and he won this bet fair and square . '' 
 `` does that mean you will honor your word ? '' 
 draig asked as though he was still uncertain of their fate . 
 `` yes , but now that we know you can talk , will you tell us why you have been attacking us ? '' 
 the commander asked as he looked at draig still in disbelief that he could speak . 
 `` sapphire and i are not part of this war , it is my brother 's fault . 
 he has gone crazy , and convinced the other fire dragons to attack and burn your villages . 
 as you can clearly see , he was about to kill both of us before you came along , '' draig replied . 
 `` why would he want to kill you , if he is your brother as you claim ? '' 
 the commander asked . 
 `` sapphire and i opposed him , and our failed attempt to stop the war got both of us sentenced to death , '' draig replied . 
 `` why has your brother declared war on us ? '' 
 the commander questioned . 
 `` my brother sees your claim on this land as an invasion and he will not stop attacking you until you leave the celtic realm . 
 i beg of you , abandon your aspirations of conquest , and stop the bloodshed before it gets any worse , '' draig pleaded . 
 `` this land is rich in precious metals , and we will not be chased away by a race of serpents , '' the commander insisted . 
 `` he will send every fire dragon into battle unless you leave , '' draig replied . 
 `` our armies are vast , and more soldiers cross the channel every day . 
 your brother will not win this war , '' the commander asserted . 
 `` then i fear that this war has condemned us , '' draig sighed . 
 `` perhaps you can stop him , and we can negotiate a peace ? '' 
 the commander suggested . 
 `` i can not pursue my brother if your men are free to shoot us down with their arrows , '' draig replied as he looked out at the soldiers . 
 `` are there any other dark red or royal blue dragons in these parts ? '' 
 the commander asked . 
 `` no , we are both unique , '' draig replied . 
 `` then i will order my men not to shoot on red or blue as long as you promise not to attack our villages or harm any of my men . '' 
 `` i agree to those terms , and you have my word that if i find my brother , i will do everything within my power to stop him and this war , '' draig promised . 
 `` then let my men bear witness that i am a man of my word , tegan you may cut both of them free , '' the commander ordered . 
 tegan nodded and then sliced through the eel skin rope binding draig 's legs . 
 `` i think they are a bit nervous , '' tegan remarked when his fellow soldiers kept their swords drawn . 
 `` i can see that , '' draig remarked , being careful not to make any sudden moves as he waited for tegan to free sapphire . 
 `` thank you for coming forward on our behalf , '' sapphire said in a soft voice once she was free . 
 `` you 're welcome , '' tegan replied as he sheathed his sword and stepped back so she could step down off of the stone of punishment . 
 `` your kindness will never be forgotten , '' sapphire added as she bowed her head to tegan as a sign of respect . 
 `` it 's too bad there are not more dragons like the two of you , '' tegan remarked as he reached out and patted her on the head . 
 `` it is an equal shame that there are not more men with as much courage and honor as you have shown us today , '' sapphire replied as she looked around at the soldiers . 
 `` they think i am a fool for letting you go , '' tegan said as he glanced back for a second . 
 `` either that , or you 're the bravest man they have ever seen , '' sapphire replied as she and draig stretched out their wings and took to the air . 
 chapter 6 draig wanted to hunt down his brother and make him pay for what he had done , but his first concern was protecting the child and keeping sapphire safe . 
 in order to do that , he and sapphire agreed to stay on the coast with the water dragons and raise the child with lira 's help . 
 the cave was far from the battle lines and more importantly it was out of ironclaw 's prying eyes . 
 the last thing they wanted was for ironclaw to realize they had escaped and come looking for them . 
 as the months passed , the child grew and draig and sapphire spent much of their free time caring for him . 
 unlike young dragons that mature quickly , the child required a lot of hands-on attention which kept draig busy most of the time . 
 when he was n't caring for the child , he would go over and play with lira 's kids to give her a break and make good on his promise to her . 
 `` uncle draig , when can we come over and play with the boy you are raising ? '' 
 splash asked one day when draig was watching him . 
 `` anytime you want . 
 james is learning to talk and he can even walk on his own now , '' draig said as though he was a proud parent . 
 `` his name is james ? '' 
 splash asked since it was the first time he had heard the child 's name . 
 `` yeah , sapphire and i wanted him to have a human name because he will be living with them once we find him a suitable home , '' draig replied with a hint of sadness . 
 `` can we come over later if our mommy lets us ? '' 
 splash asked . 
 `` you and your brother are welcome to visit anytime , '' draig replied as he tickled splash behind the ear with the tip of his tail . 
 splash turned and bit it , and draig lifted him up by his teeth . 
 `` does n't that hurt ? '' 
 lira remarked as she landed in the cave entrance . 
 `` not yet , but when he gets a little bigger we 'll have to find some other way to tease each other , '' draig admitted . 
 `` i hope they behave themselves , '' lira said as draig seemed a little tired from dragonsitting . 
 `` yes , we played hide and seek , and they told me all about the sea turtle they saw the other day . 
 it was entertaining , '' draig smiled . 
 `` oh , good . 
 thanks again for watching them for me , '' lira remarked as draig got up to leave . 
 `` no problem , i 'll see you soon , '' draig said before flying back over to his cave . 
 `` how were splash and bay ? '' 
 sapphire asked when she saw draig land . 
 `` they 're very energetic , '' he replied . 
 `` they seem to really like having you around , '' sapphire remarked . 
 `` i like them too , and they are both surprisingly smart for their age , '' draig revealed . 
 `` lira is quite intelligent , but you probably already knew that about her , '' sapphire teased . 
 `` really ? 
 you 're going to try and get me to say something nice about her and then pretend to be jealous when i do ? '' 
 draig replied . 
 `` no , i would never do that , '' sapphire smirked . 
 `` i 'll remind you of that the next time you do it , '' draig replied . 
 `` i 'm was going to run out and see if i can find something for james to eat . 
 i wo n't be gone very long , but he 's down at the beach so please keep an eye on him , '' sapphire asked . 
 `` okay , '' draig replied as he glanced down at him . 
 james was using hands to claw at the sand like a dragon and it made him smile . 
 after sapphire had been gone for a little bit , lira and her two little ones came flying into the cave . 
 `` hey , long time no see , '' draig joked . 
 `` uncle draig , where is james ? '' 
 splash asked before lira could even explain why they were there . 
 `` he is down at the beach playing in the sand . '' 
 `` can my brother and i go play with him ? '' 
 splash asked . 
 `` yes , but stay where your mom or i can see you , and do n't maul him , he does n't have scales to protect himself like you do , '' draig warned . 
 `` okay , '' splash replied as he and his brother bay flew off . 
 `` i 'm sorry to just drop in , but my sons have been pestering me ever since you mentioned they could come over and play with james , '' lira sighed . 
 `` it 's fine , i want james to have some friends that are close to his age , '' draig remarked . 
 `` where is sapphire ? '' 
 lira asked as she glanced around the cave . 
 `` she went out to get some fruit for james . 
 apparently humans ca n't eat meat all the time or they get an upset tummy , '' draig said as he rolled his eyes . 
 `` i 'm must admit that i am a little sad that i wo n't be able to come over here and nurse now that he is weaned , '' lira sighed . 
 `` really , it seemed like a pain to me , '' draig remarked before he realized how that might sound to her . 
 `` i mean , at least you will have more free time now . '' 
 `` i suppose , but i will miss him when he leaves us , '' lira replied as she gazed down at her kids who were letting james chase them around . 
 `` i know , it will be hard on me too , '' draig admitted . 
 `` i do have some interesting news to share with you . 
 the pigmy dragons refused to join with ironclaw and are preparing to cross the great ocean and settle on the distant continent , '' lira replied . 
 `` really , how are they going to get there ? '' 
 `` they have asked some of the water dragons to ferry them across the ocean since they know we like to fish in those waters in the fall , '' lira replied . 
 `` the pigmy dragons might be the smart ones . 
 leaving the realm before the war spreads any further may save them , '' draig remarked . 
 `` if you fire dragons were n't so big , we could ferry you over to the distant continent too , '' lira joked . 
 `` i could always ride on the back of two or three water dragons , '' draig smirked . 
 `` more like five or six , '' lira replied . 
 `` hey , i have poufy scales , '' draig insisted . 
 `` it 's okay , i like a dragon with poufy scales , '' lira said as she winked at him . 
 `` why do you still flirt with me ? '' 
 draig asked in a more serious tone . 
 `` because you act so proper all the time , and when i flirt with you , or tease you , i get to see the fire dragon i knew and loved , '' lira admitted . 
 `` you know i am committed to sapphire ? '' 
 `` i do , and i would never try and interfere with that . 
 both of you are you very dear to me , and all kidding aside , i want you and her to be happy . 
 if you would prefer that i do n't tease you , i will honor your wishes , '' lira offered . 
 `` no , i want you to feel comfortable around me and if we do n't tease each other , it would seem stuffy , '' draig replied . 
 `` oh , i forgot to mention that a fire dragon came snooping around the north coast the other day asking when we were going to join the war . 
 the elders that met with him said we were n't interested and he stormed off . 
 from what i could gather , the war keeps spreading , but neither side can claim victory , '' lira revealed . 
 `` you 're elder did n't tell him that we were living here , did he ? '' 
 draig asked in a worried tone . 
 `` no silly . 
 every water dragon knows what ironclaw did to you and sapphire . 
 you are safe with us , and i know for certain that our council will never vote to join forces with your brother , '' lira insisted . 
 `` that 's good . 
 i know there are a few fire dragons in ireland that have no appetite for war either . 
 of course that might change if the humans try and conquer the emerald isle after britain , '' draig remarked . 
 `` it 's strange how a species can vary so much from one individual to another . 
 some of the humans have been so kind to you while others have treated you as a slave , '' lira said as she thought about the invaders . 
 `` my brother is proof that dragons can also vary greatly from one to another , '' draig sighed . 
 `` i guess that 's true , although as far as dragons go , ironclaw is by far the worst creature i have ever seen , '' lira snorted . 
 `` no doubt about that , but thanks to you , my odd-ball family is safe from his talons . '' 
 `` you do n't need to keep thanking me . 
 like i said before , you are my friend , and you needed my help . 
 i am sure you would do the same for me if i needed it , '' lira remarked . 
 `` that 's true , but you really went out on a limb for me when i showed up with an orphan child , and then asked you to nurse him , '' draig chuckled . 
 `` it was an unusual request , and i would have never thought a human would fit in here ... but i was wrong . '' 
 lira admitted as she glanced down at the beach again and saw how much fun splash and bay were having with james . 
 `` have the elders forgiven you for helping me ? '' 
 draig asked . 
 `` they never cared that i was helping you or sapphire , but the baby bomb did take them a little time to get used to . 
 as you can imagine , they were really upset with me at first , but since james heals every dragon that scrapes a scale or bangs a tail , they have come to appreciate him , '' lira admitted . 
 `` did you tell the water dragon elders about the prophecy you found in the cave of secrets ? '' 
 draig asked . 
 `` yes they know about it and they believe he is the one with power . 
 they also know his gift could be perceived as a threat by others , so his secret is safe with us . 
 they also see you as his rightful guardian , and they think it is up to you tell him about the prophecy when he is old enough to understand what it means , '' lira replied . 
 `` that is going to be an interesting conversation , '' draig replied as he looked down at the beach and smiled when he saw james . 
 `` you love him , do n't you ? '' 
 lira remarked . 
 `` he is caring and sweet just like his mother . 
 the other day when i was trying to breathe fire , he called me puff because all that came out of my mouth was a little puff of smoke , '' draig said as he skirted her question . 
 `` that 's cute . 
 i bet my kids will start calling you that after i tell them that story , '' lira joked . 
 `` you had better not tell them ! '' 
 draig pleaded . 
 `` oh puff , would i do that ? '' 
 lira said with a sinister laugh . 
 `` that 's exactly the kind of thing you would do to tease me , '' draig replied as lira stretched out her teal colored wings and ran towards the cave opening . 
 `` do n't you dare ! '' 
 draig commanded as he chased after her , but lira dove out of the cave before he could stop her . 
 then she glided down to the beach and stuck out her tongue when she saw him glaring at her . 
 `` what was that all about ? '' 
 sapphire asked as she landed next to him while holding a large branch covered with wild cherries . 
 `` lira was just teasing me again , '' draig replied . 
 `` you know she still likes you , '' sapphire remarked . 
 `` i 'm in love with you , and water dragons and fire dragons are n't allowed to cross breed , '' draig replied innocently . 
 `` just do n't let me catch you swimming with her under the moonlight , '' sapphire smirked as she started pulling cherries off of the branch . 
 `` you know the effect cold water has on me , '' draig replied . 
 `` it 's not that cold , '' sapphire smirked as she looked over at his midsection and smiled before plucking the rest of the cherries off of the limb she was holding . 
 `` do you think james will like these ? '' 
 draig asked as he reached over and took one . 
 `` yeah , they smell sweet , and you said the miners liked them , '' sapphire replied . 
 draig dropped the little red fruit into his mouth and then bit into it . 
 `` it 's so sweet , i 'm sure he 'll love them , '' draig replied as he stuck out his tongue in disgust . 
 `` he seems to be having fun with lira 's kids , '' sapphire remarked as she looked down at the beach . 
 `` i know , he copies everything they do , '' draig smiled . 
 `` what are you going to say when he starts to question why he does n't have scales like the rest of us ? '' 
 sapphire asked . 
 `` i have been thinking about that , and there is a sheepherder living in the lowlands who has a nice family . 
 i was thinking i might pay him a visit , '' draig sighed . 
 `` do you think they would take an orphan in ? '' 
 sapphire questioned . 
 `` i 'm not sure , but i promised to repay them for the sheep that my brother stole , and while i 'm there , i can ask . 
 even if they are not willing to do it , they might know someone who is , '' draig said optimistically . 
 `` do you think you can trust them ? '' 
 `` the sheepherders have lived alongside us for centuries , and i think they have earned our respect , '' draig replied . 
 `` what are you going to use to repay them for the sheep ? '' 
 sapphire asked . 
 `` i know where the owner of the mine in cothi keeps his gold . 
 i could go there and collect on a year 's worth of my wages , '' draig suggested . 
 `` that 's way too dangerous , you might be captured or killed . '' 
 sapphire objected . 
 `` then i do n't know what i can offer them , '' draig replied . 
 `` the elders of the past used to have royal seals forged of silver . 
 i remember my grandfather showed me his and he said it was melted out of a vein of pure silver with dragon fire . 
 when i asked him where it was , he said atop carnedd mountain , '' sapphire revealed . 
 `` carnedd is just north of snowden . 
 i wonder if ironclaw reclaimed the area after the humans attacked him there ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , but it would be far safer for us to go there , than down to cothi , '' sapphire insisted . 
 `` i agree , and to be honest , i never want to see that place again , '' draig remarked . 
 `` so , when do you want to go to carnedd ? '' 
 sapphire asked . 
 `` tonight is as good of time as any , '' draig replied . 
 `` we need someone to watch james while we 're gone . '' 
 `` i think lira would be willing to do it , '' draig suggested . 
 `` you must be out of favors with her by now , '' sapphire replied . 
 `` actually i think she would be okay with it . 
 she was just telling me how much she misses coming over to nurse james since he has been weaned . '' 
 `` are you sure it 's james that she misses seeing ? '' 
 sapphire remarked . 
 `` yes , she really does like him , i 'm just the eye candy , '' draig smirked . 
 `` oh , really ? '' 
 sapphire replied as she quickly nipped him on the tail . 
 `` funny , you do n't taste like candy , '' she remarked . 
 `` that actually hurt , '' draig pouted as he curled up his tail . 
 `` then maybe you should go have lira put some magical kelp on it , '' sapphire replied . 
 `` i thought you did n't like it when i spend time with her , '' draig questioned . 
 `` i trust you , and she is my friend . 
 besides , i like teasing you about her because you get all embarrassed about it , '' sapphire admitted . 
 `` why does everyone get so much delight out of teasing me ? '' 
 draig grumbled as flew out of the cave . 
 `` hey , uncle puff , '' splash said the moment draig landed near the edge of the water next to lira . 
 `` well , that did n't take long , '' draig commented as he looked over at her and frowned . 
 `` did a two year old water dragon make puffy-wuffy sad ? '' 
 lira joked . 
 `` i regret ever telling you that story , '' draig said as he scowled at her . 
 `` i think the name fits you , perhaps we should turn it into a song , '' lira suggested . 
 `` good luck with that ! '' 
 draig snorted as he looked over at james and saw that bay was pulling him across the sand with a long piece of seaweed . 
 `` are you here to get him ? '' 
 lira asked . 
 `` actually , i was hoping you might be able to watch him tonight while sapphire and i go take care of some business , '' draig replied . 
 `` mom , can james come over and play ? '' 
 splash interrupted . 
 `` if you and your brother promise to behave , i 'll let james come stay the night . '' 
 `` you know we will , you 've seen how good we are with him , '' splash insisted . 
 `` alright , james can stay with us until uncle draig and auntie sapphire get back , '' lira agreed . 
 `` thanks mom , '' splash replied as he ran over to tell bay the good news . 
 `` i owe you again , '' draig said with an appreciative look in his eyes . 
 `` do n't worry , i 'm keeping track , '' lira joked . 
 `` thanks again , '' draig said as he looked over at james and then waved good-bye to him . 
 `` bye-bye puff , '' james replied as draig lifted into the air . 
 `` do you have a new nickname ? '' 
 sapphire asked as she flew alongside him . 
 `` yeah , that 's what lira was teasing me about when you arrived , '' draig admitted as he continued up the coast . 
 `` are we taking the long way to snowden ? '' 
 sapphire asked . 
 `` i thought it would be safer to follow the shoreline until it gets dark to reduce the odds of being seen by ironclaw or one of his minions , '' draig replied . 
 `` good point , the last thing we need is that worm coming after us , '' sapphire admitted as she glided along . 
 when they reached afon glaslyn , the sun was just starting to set and they headed inland towards snowden . 
 it was a short trek to the mountains and draig slowed down as they neared the summit . 
 `` i do n't see anyone , do you ? '' 
 draig whispered as they quietly passed by snowden 's peak . 
 `` no , they must be out on an attack , or it 's still abandoned , '' sapphire replied . 
 `` alright , let 's cut over to carnedd and see if we can find the silver before anyone notices us , '' draig suggested . 
 sapphire tilted her wings and flew out ahead of him . 
 she did n't know exactly where the vein of silver was , but her grandfather said dragon fire was used to melt it . 
 if that was the case , then there might be some scorch marks still visible even in the moonlight . 
 `` i 'm going down to take a closer look , '' sapphire announced when she spotted a darkened area that might have been caused by dragon fire . 
 `` okay , i 'll keep watch , '' draig said as he circled overhead while keeping an eye out for his brother or any other fire dragons that might appear . 
 `` i found something , '' sapphire called out from a rocky outcrop after a few minutes of searching . 
 draig flew down to her position after he did one last sweep of the night sky . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 sapphire asked as she pointed to a dark grey mass that did n't match the rock on either side of it . 
 `` i do n't know , scratch it with your claw , '' he suggested . 
 `` it 's soft , '' sapphire remarked as her razor sharp talon revealed a bright silvery streak that glistened in the moonlight . 
 `` good job , you found it ! '' 
 draig remarked . 
 `` are you sure it 's silver and not lead or zinc ? '' 
 sapphire asked . 
 `` it 's silver , i am certain of it . 
 i saw a miner bring in a piece of ore that looked very similar to this to lord wellington . 
 when he scratched the tarnish off the surface of the ore sample , it was soft and bright underneath just like this , '' draig replied . 
 `` so , how big of a piece do you want to break off for the sheepherder ? '' 
 sapphire asked . 
 `` bigger is probably better , '' draig replied as he started to claw at the rock surrounding the vein . 
 `` that looks pretty good , '' sapphire remarked when she thought he was over doing it . 
 `` okay . 
 can you help me get it out ? '' 
 draig asked as he grabbed one side of the exposed block of ore . 
 sapphire nodded and grabbed the other side . 
 then they both pulled with all of their might until the massive piece of ore broke free . 
 when it landed at their feet , it made a loud thud revealing its true weight . 
 `` are you sure you can carry that ? '' 
 sapphire asked . 
 `` yeah , it 's not that big , '' draig replied optimistically . 
 `` i think we should cover up the vein with some boulders so that no one knows that we were here , '' sapphire suggested when she saw a gaping hole in the rock wall where they had removed the chunk of ore . 
 `` that 's a good idea , '' draig admitted as he picked up some boulders and started handing them to her so she could hide it . 
 `` that 's enough , '' she remarked after a few minutes . 
 `` okay , then let 's go before we get caught , '' draig said as he looked up at the starry sky for a moment . 
 sapphire nodded and then she took flight . 
 draig grabbed the piece of ore with both talons and then let out a groan as he lifted it off the ground . 
 `` do you need some help ? '' 
 sapphire asked . 
 `` no , but you were right . 
 it 's a lot heavier than it looks , '' draig admitted as he followed her down the hill , flapping his wings twice as fast as her just to keep up . 
 when they reached the lowlands , draig took the lead and flew south towards the sheepherder 's ranch since he knew where it was . 
 after a couple of hours , sapphire notice draig was going slower and slower and she flew over to check on him . 
 `` do you need to stop and rest ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no , i want to reach the ranch before daybreak if we can . 
 once the sun comes up we 'll be a lot easier to spot and i ca n't fight with this thing in my claws , '' draig admitted . 
 `` would you like me to take it for awhile ? '' 
 sapphire offered . 
 `` it 's fine , i just ca n't go that fast , '' draig replied . 
 `` okay , but let me know if you change your mind or need to stop and rest . '' 
 `` i will , '' draig said as he forged on , ignoring the fact that his wings felt like they were going to fall off . 
 when he spotted the sheepherder 's ranch in the distance , he headed straight for the pasture , eager to land so he could rest his wings . 
 it was n't his most graceful touchdown and the abruptness of his arrival clearly unsettled the sheep in the corral . 
 frightened by the sight of an unruly dragon and his companion , they huddled together and started baaing loudly . 
 `` why are you being so noisy ? '' 
 the sheepherder 's son said as he came running out of the house with his underwear half on . 
 sapphire looked away until the boy covered himself up while draig was too busy resting his wings to notice . 
 `` is your dad awake ? '' 
 draig asked as the sun 's rays illuminated the dew-laden pasture . 
 `` i think so , '' the boy replied as he went over to comfort the sheep for a few moments . 
 `` can we talk to him ? '' 
 draig asked . 
 `` papa , there are two dragons in our pasture , '' he called out in a loud voice . 
 `` do n't go near them ! '' 
 he warned before coming outside and seeing that it was draig with sapphire . 
 `` i told you i would be back , '' draig said when the man recognized him . 
 `` who 's your friend ? '' 
 the man asked with a cautious glance . 
 `` this is sapphire , and she is honorable like myself . 
 she wo n't harm you or your family , '' draig insisted . 
 `` i did not expect to see you again , '' the man remarked . 
 `` i have come to pay for the sheep that my brother stole , '' draig said as he lifted his wings so the sheepherder could see the offering . 
 `` where did you get that ? '' 
 the man exclaimed with a look of astonishment . 
 `` it came from a vein high in the mountains to the north . 
 i believe it should cover the debt you are owed , '' draig replied . 
 `` that 's worth a whole lot more than a couple of sheep , '' the man remarked with a hint of suspicion . 
 `` i admit that i am not here just to repay a debt . 
 i also need your help , but i only want what you are willing to give freely . 
 in other words , the silver is yours whether you help me or not , and there is no obligation to do so . '' 
 draig insisted . 
 `` alright dragon , you have my attention . 
 what do you need ? '' 
 the man asked as he stared at the silver ore . 
 `` there is an orphan boy named james that i have sworn to protect . 
 he is very dear to me , but he needs a proper home . 
 obviously it will be hard for me to find him a good home and i need your help in doing so . 
 i want to be clear that whoever takes him in must do it from the heart , and show him nothing but kindness . 
 i will accept nothing less , '' draig insisted . 
 `` wait here for a moment while i discuss this matter with my family , '' the man replied as he turned and walked away . 
 draig and sapphire tried not to listen as they whispered to each other , but their voices carried and it was impossible not hear them . 
 `` raven , do you trust these dragons ? '' 
 his wife asked . 
 `` i do , the red one has kept his word and paid for our losses many times over . 
 he has proven he is not like the others , and i 'm willing to help him unless you are opposed . '' 
 `` can we afford to take in another orphan ? '' 
 mary asked as she gently patted her son sean on the head . 
 `` the dragon is very clever . 
 the silver he has brought us is quite valuable and it would more than offset the cost of taking in another child , '' raven admitted . 
 `` what do you think about having a brother ? '' 
 mary asked as she kissed sean on the cheek . 
 `` i would like that , '' sean replied . 
 `` you would have to share your things with him , '' raven added . 
 `` that 's okay , i can share . 
 i just want someone to play with , '' sean admitted . 
 `` i want you to decide , '' raven said as he looked over at his wife . 
 `` you know i have prayed for more children , and if this is how god has chosen to answer my prayer , then we should welcome his gift , '' mary replied . 
 `` alright , let 's see if we can meet the orphan before we agree to take him in . 
 i want to make sure he would be a good fit into our family , '' raven remarked as he glanced over at draig and sapphire for a moment . 
 `` we can bring james here so you can meet him , '' draig offered . 
 `` i was just going to ask if that would be possible , '' raven admitted . 
 `` would today be too soon ? '' 
 draig asked hesitantly . 
 `` no , i would rather decide right away , '' raven replied as he looked over at his wife . 
 `` okay , it will take sapphire and i a few hours to go home and get him , '' draig said as he started to turn to leave . 
 `` before you go , can you tell me how old he is ? '' 
 mary asked . 
 `` he is a yearling , '' draig replied not knowing the exact human term for a child that could speak a few words and walk on two legs . 
 `` oh , he 's very little , '' mary remarked with a motherly look in her eyes . 
 `` yes , he was just weaned from dragon milk , and now he can eat solid food , '' draig added as he extended his wings and slowly lifted into the air alongside sapphire . 
 `` are you nervous ? '' 
 sapphire asked once they were heading back towards the coast . 
 `` i am , but i think it 's for the best , '' draig remarked . 
 `` the family seemed nice , '' sapphire added . 
 `` they are , i just hope james will be happy there if they take him in , '' draig replied . 
 `` if james can be happy living with a bunch of dragons , think how well he 'll do living with his own kind , '' sapphire remarked . 
 `` you 're right , i worry too much . 
 he 's a good kid and humans are very adaptable creatures , '' draig admitted . 
 `` draig , do n't make any quick turns , but i think we have company , '' sapphire interrupted as she discretely pointed at two dark outlines high in the clouds above them . 
 `` darn it , it 's a fire dragon patrol , '' draig stated as he slowly adjusted his course away from the coast to conceal their destination . 
 `` i thought so , '' sapphire remarked as she slowly turned with him until they were both heading due south . 
 the two fire dragons continued to shadow them for a several miles , and then as suddenly as they appeared , they broke off their pursuit and turned back north . 
 `` whew , it looks like they lost interest in us , but we should keep going south for a little while just to make sure they do n't circle back , '' draig suggested . 
 sapphire nodded as she stayed close to him while keeping an eye out for the other dragons . 
 once they were certain the patrol was gone , they changed course and headed for the coast as quickly as they could . 
 `` do you want me to wait outside the cave just to make sure we were n't followed ? '' 
 sapphire offered once they reached the shore . 
 `` yeah , it 's probably not necessary , but i would hate to get caught off guard , '' draig admitted . 
 `` okay , i 'll swoop down and let you know if i see anything , '' sapphire replied as draig headed down towards the cliffs . 
 `` hey , you 're back , '' lira remarked when draig landed in her cave . 
 `` yeah , sapphire and i found a nice family that might be willing to adopt james , '' draig announced . 
 `` are you taking him there now ? '' 
 lira asked with a look of disappointment . 
 `` yeah , they want to meet him , and if all goes well he wo n't be coming back with us , '' draig admitted with sadness in his eyes . 
 `` is there time for me to go wake splash and bay so they can say good-bye to him ? '' 
 `` of course , '' draig replied . 
 lira disappeared for a few minutes and then returned with james in her arms . 
 `` he 's awake , but still a bit groggy , '' lira remarked as she set him down . 
 `` hi puff , '' he said with half open eyes . 
 `` hi james . 
 sapphire and i found a really nice human family not too far from here that wants to meet you . 
 they have a little boy just a few years older than you , and he needs a playmate . 
 would you like to go see them ? '' 
 draig asked . 
 `` okay , '' james replied . 
 `` if you like it there , you might be able to stay with them for a little bit and learn some things about your kin , '' draig offered . 
 `` i 'm a dragon , '' james said as he looked around the cave . 
 `` you 're part dragon on the inside , but you 're a little boy on the outside , '' draig said reassuringly . 
 james held out his arm and then compared it to draig 's for a minute . 
 `` do they look like me ? '' 
 james asked . 
 `` yes , they are warm-bloods just like you , '' draig admitted . 
 then he held his breath while james took turns running his hand across draig 's scales and then down his own arm for a few moments . 
 `` okay , we can go , '' james replied just as splash and bay came running over to see him off . 
 `` bye james , '' splash said as he and his brother took turns hugging him . 
 `` bye-bye , '' james replied as he ran his hand down each of their little tails . 
 `` uncle puff , will you bring james back ? '' 
 bay asked with a hopeful look . 
 `` of course i 'll bring him back , you are his friends , '' draig promised . 
 after splash and bay were done saying good-bye , lira came over and kissed james on the forehead . 
 `` bye-bye mommy , '' james said in a soft voice that made lira 's eyes tear up . 
 `` i 'll see you soon , '' she replied as she looked over at draig with sorrow . 
 `` i promise that i 'll bring him back to visit you even if the new family takes him in , '' draig said when he saw the look in lira 's eyes . 
 `` i 'm ready to go , '' james announced as he cinched the blanket around his waist so draig could carry him . 
 `` alright , '' draig replied as he picked him up and headed out of the cave . 
 `` how did it go ? '' 
 sapphire asked when draig flew over to her . 
 `` it was especially hard on lira , james called her mommy , '' draig replied . 
 `` oh , that 's so precious , i did n't know he was so close to her , '' sapphire admitted . 
 `` i did n't either , but it makes sense , she did nurse him from the day he was born . '' 
 `` is he asleep right now ? '' 
 sapphire asked as she looked over at the blanket in draig 's arms . 
 `` he is . 
 i think the beating of my wings lulls him to sleep . '' 
 `` i want to say something , but i do n't want him to hear it , '' sapphire remarked . 
 `` okay , '' draig replied . 
 `` you know it 's not too late for you to change your mind and keep him here with us . '' 
 `` i would like nothing more , but it would be selfish of me to deprive him of his humanity . 
 i know some tiny amount of my blood flows through his veins , but he is clearly a human boy and he needs to be with his people so he can learn their ways . 
 i would love to keep him , believe me i would , but it would not be fair to him , and that 's what matters most to me , '' draig replied . 
 `` you know that james will still want to be part of your life even if the sheepherders take him , '' sapphire remarked . 
 `` i hope so , and if he does , i will always be there for him . 
 even though i know he is a human , i feel that he is connected to our species in some way . 
 prophecy or not , i believe his gift is just the beginning of his destiny , '' draig said as he headed towards the lowlands . 
 `` i think you 're right , '' sapphire admitted as she flew alongside him . 
 when they finally arrived at the ranch , raven and his family were out in the pasture waiting for them . 
 the moment draig set james down , sean ran oven and gave him a brotherly hug before draig could even introduce them to each other . 
 `` can he stay in my room ? '' 
 sean asked as he looked over at his father . 
 `` we 'll see , '' raven replied not wanting him to get his hopes up before they all had a chance to meet james . 
 `` he 's so cute , '' mary remarked as james walked over to her and held out his arms so she would pick him up . 
 once he was in her arms , he nuzzled her neck the way he had seen dragons greet each other and then looked back at draig . 
 `` she 's a warm-blood , '' he remarked , not realizing it was a dragon term . 
 `` she 's a human , just like you , '' draig replied . 
 `` has he been living with you all this time ? '' 
 mary asked . 
 `` yes , and that is why he needs a human family to teach him your ways , '' draig admitted . 
 `` he seems very healthy and well cared for , '' mary remarked as she glanced at her husband . 
 raven could tell by the look in her eyes that she wanted to keep james , but he felt like he needed to know a little more about the child before taking him in . 
 `` i am curious how such a young child came into your care ? '' 
 raven asked as politely as he could . 
 `` his mother was a dear friend of mine , and when she passed away after giving birth , james was left without anyone to care for him . 
 to honor her wishes , i promised to take him under my wing and see that he was not abandoned or enslaved , '' draig replied . 
 `` you know that if we adopt him , he will be expected to help out when he is older . 
 we are just simple sheepherders , so it 's not like he will be brought up like royalty , '' raven remarked . 
 `` that is what i want . 
 he needs to learn the value of family over wealth . 
 i have seen first hand how money corrupts and breeds disdain , '' draig replied as he thought about the greedy mine owner . 
 `` then he should do well with us , because family is what we cherish above all else , '' raven said as he looked over at his wife . 
 `` then you are willing to take him in ? '' 
 draig asked . 
 `` yes , he is welcome to stay with us , '' raven offered . 
 `` i ca n't thank you enough , '' draig replied with a sigh of relief . 
 `` draig , '' sapphire interrupted . 
 `` you need to tell them about his gift , it might conflict with their beliefs , '' sapphire added when she noticed the celtic cross around mary 's neck . 
 `` james is a healer . 
 it 's a very rare and unique gift that allows him to heal sick and injured animals . 
 if that is a problem for some reason , i understand , '' draig said as he waited to see their reaction . 
 `` no , that 's not a problem , but if i may , can we bring out a lamb that has an injured foot to see him use his gift , '' raven asked . 
 `` yes , by all means , '' draig replied with a look of relief that they were n't concerned by the revelation . 
 `` sean go into the barn and bring the injured lamb over to james . 
 sean nodded and then left for a few minutes . 
 when he returned , mary set james down and sean placed the lamb at his feet . 
 james giggled at the sight of the furry little creature , and after he cuddled it for a moment , he let it go . 
 the lamb ran back to his mother inside the barn as though nothing was wrong with it . 
 `` he is blessed ! '' 
 mary exclaimed as she looked over at draig with an expression of amazement . 
 `` i know , james has a gift , but i must ask that you keep it a secret . 
 i have seen what happens if someone is labeled a sorcerer , or accused of practicing the dark arts , '' draig warned . 
 `` his secret is safe with us , we serve the light , not the darkness , '' mary insisted . 
 `` that 's good , because his power can be used for good or evil depending on his upbringing , '' draig revealed . 
 `` we will make sure he uses it wisely , and only if he wants to , '' mary promised . 
 `` thank you so much for understanding his needs , and i can see that he will know love in your family , '' draig said as he felt a mixture of joy and sadness in his heart . 
 he knew he was making the right decision , but it was still difficult to let james go . 
 `` you are welcome to come visit him anytime you want , '' raven offered when he saw the look in draig 's eyes . 
 `` that is very kind , and i will take you up on that offer , '' draig said as he stretched out his tail and tickled james with the tip of it to get his attention . 
 `` puff , no tickles , '' james laughed . 
 `` i need you to listen to me for a moment , '' draig said in a fatherly voice . 
 `` sapphire and i have to go , but we would like you to stay here with your new family if you are okay with it ? '' 
 `` you come back ? '' 
 james asked . 
 `` yes , we 'll come see you in a few weeks . 
 when the war is over and it is safe , we 'll bring you back to the coast so you can see your friends if raven is comfortable with it , '' draig promised . 
 `` okay , i stay here and play , '' james said as he looked over at sean . 
 `` yes , you can play here . 
 if you start to feel sad , just remember that i love you , and i will return , '' draig said as he quickly turned his head so that no one would see his eyes watering . 
 `` okay , '' james replied as he ran his hand over the tip of draig 's tail . 
 sapphire could tell that draig was having a hard time with the departure , so she stepped in so that he could leave . 
 `` be a good boy while we 're gone , '' sapphire said as she kissed james on the forehead and then backed up so she could unfold her wings . 
 `` bye-bye , '' james replied , then he waved as sapphire and draig flew away . 
 `` if you want go to play with sean , he has some toys in the barn , '' mary proposed so that james would n't feel sad . 
 `` okay , '' james replied . 
 chapter 7 the war against the humans had been far more challenging than ironclaw had predicted , and the losses were mounting . 
 every time he sent dragons out to fight , fewer returned than were sent . 
 despite the setbacks , the fire dragons under his command never questioned his authority or blamed him for the deaths of their comrades . 
 it was as if ironclaw 's hatred of the humans was contagious , and when a dragon perished it only convinced the others they should fight on . 
 `` what do you have to report ? '' 
 ironclaw snorted when two of his scouts flew in from the south . 
 `` we burned several villages , but the humans are switching from wood to stone , and it 's making it harder to repel them , '' spike replied . 
 `` i do n't want excuses , i want results ! '' 
 ironclaw shouted . 
 `` we did spot a couple of fire dragons heading south that we did n't recognize , '' ember interrupted . 
 `` what do you mean , you did n't recognize them ? 
 all fire dragons are under my authority now that we 're at war , '' ironclaw snarled in anger . 
 `` we thought they might have been new recruits from the emerald isle , '' ember replied . 
 `` i already used all of those up . 
 what did these two mystery dragons look like ? '' 
 ironclaw fumed . 
 `` the larger one was dark red , and the other one appeared bluish . 
 i do n't know for sure because we were high up in the clouds when we saw them , '' ember admitted as she looked over at spike to make sure her description was accurate . 
 `` you idiots , that was draig and sapphire ! '' 
 ironclaw yelled at the top of his lungs . 
 `` how can that be ? 
 you executed both of them on the stone of punishment months ago , '' ember insisted . 
 `` i was about to , but when the humans attacked us , i flew over to protect the other dragons . 
 i assumed the humans would kill them once they took over snowden , '' ironclaw grumbled . 
 `` why would they kill draig and sapphire ? 
 you said they were helping the humans ? '' 
 ember questioned . 
 `` of course those traitors are helping the humans , but that does n't mean the savages did n't turn on them after they got what they wanted ! '' 
 ironclaw shouted as he tried to cover up his deception with yelling . 
 `` sorry i asked , '' ember replied indignantly . 
 `` do n't ever question what i say , you yellow-bellied peasant . 
 now , both of you go back to the area where you saw draig and sapphire last , and try to figure out what they were doing ! '' 
 ironclaw ordered . 
 ember and spike looked at each other , and then flew off without arguing with him . 
 they did n't like having him order them around , but anyone who crossed ironclaw disappeared without a trace , or ended up on the stone of punishment for treason . 
 `` ironclaw , what 's wrong ? 
 i heard you yelling at ember and spike , '' talon asked in a meek voice not wanting to further anger him . 
 `` it would appear that draig and that blue devil have cheated death again . '' 
 `` what ? 
 the humans did n't kill them in the attack ? '' 
 `` apparently not . 
 maybe they really are helping those savages . 
 either way , they must be found and killed so that our lies about them are never uncovered , '' ironclaw insisted . 
 `` i wonder where they have been hiding all this time ? '' 
 talon asked . 
 `` i do n't know , but while i wait for them to come back , why do n't you go down to the lake and see if you can catch some fish for both of us , '' ironclaw suggested . 
 `` are n't you coming down to the lake with me ? '' 
 talon asked . 
 `` no , i 'm going to stay here and keep watch , '' ironclaw replied . 
 `` alright , '' talon remarked as he flew off . 
 while talon was busy fishing , ironclaw lounged about for a few hours wondering how his brother had escaped from the stone of punishment . 
 he knew draig was strong , but he had bound him twice over with eel skin rope , and no dragon could break free of that . 
 the other thing he could n't understand was why his brother and the blue devil did n't come after him ? 
 it was n't like draig to let things go . 
 as ironclaw sat there trying to figure things out , he saw spike fly in from the east and quickly disappear into his den without reporting in . 
 `` what 's he up to ? '' 
 ironclaw mumbled to himself as he walked over to his den to find out . 
 `` why did n't you check in ? '' 
 ironclaw yelled in an angry voice as he poked his head into the entrance to spike 's burrow . 
 `` because bad news does not sit well with you , '' spike replied from the depths . 
 `` get your tail out here and tell me what 's going on ! '' 
 ironclaw demanded . 
 spike slowly ascended from the depths of his den and then paused in the shadows as ironclaw glared at him expectantly . 
 `` the humans have designed a new weapon that can shoot an arrow much further than a bow . 
 we have lost the eastern lowlands to them as a result , '' spike revealed . 
 `` then go to the emerald isle and order all of the remaining dragons hiding over there to come to our aid ! '' 
 ironclaw ordered . 
 `` there are no remaining dragons in ireland , they were attacked by the humans earlier today , and the island has fallen to them , '' spike admitted as he slowly backed into his den . 
 ironclaw gasped at the news , and as he was about to take his anger out on spike , he heard ember and skarn call his name . 
 `` did you find draig or sapphire ? '' 
 ironclaw snarled as he turned to question them . 
 `` no , but we think they may have visited a sheepherder 's ranch in the lowlands . 
 they are the only humans that live in the area where we saw them coming from , '' ember reported . 
 `` did the sheepherder or his family see you passing overhead ? '' 
 ironclaw asked . 
 `` no , we stayed up in the cloud layer like normal , '' ember replied . 
 `` good , we do n't want that filth to know we are watching them in case they are helping draig , '' ironclaw remarked . 
 `` do you want us to go back there ? '' 
 ember asked . 
 `` no , talon and i will pay them a special visit , and if we find out they know my brother , then we 'll kill them , '' ironclaw replied as he looked over towards the lake . 
 `` talon ! 
 get back up here ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 a moment later talon appeared from the darkness holding a fish in his claws . 
 `` i only caught one , but you can have it , '' he said in a cowardly voice that clearly smelled of fish . 
 `` never mind that , we have to go pay the sheepherder a visit , '' ironclaw remarked . 
 `` oh , you must be hungry if you want a sheep for dinner , '' talon replied . 
 `` no you fool , i think draig and sapphire went to see the sheepherder , and i want to know why , '' ironclaw snapped impatiently . 
 `` do you think they saw us , i mean , saw something we need to take care of ? '' 
 talon asked as he tossed the fish over to ember and spike to distract them from his slip of the tongue . 
 `` i do n't know , but we 'll soon find out , '' ironclaw said as he watched ember and spike tug on separate ends of the fish seemingly unaware of talon 's mistake . 
 `` when are we going ? '' 
 `` right now , '' ironclaw replied . 
 once they were far enough away from snowden so that no one could see them in the moonlight , ironclaw smacked talon across the face with his tail midair . 
 `` what was that for ? '' 
 talon whimpered . 
 `` if you ever mention we were at the meadow where sapphire was attacked again , i will kill you myself . 
 is that clear ? '' 
 ironclaw snarled . 
 `` yes , '' talon replied in a submissive tone . 
 `` good . 
 now let 's go see the sheepherder , '' ironclaw said with an evil look in his eyes . 
 chapter 8 when draig and sapphire woke up the next morning , the cave seemed empty without james . 
 a part of their family was gone and had been replaced with sadness . 
 draig did n't like the way it made him feel , so he went over and rested his head against sapphire for comfort . 
 `` i miss him too , '' she said in a soft voice as she nuzzled him . 
 `` is it too soon to go check and see how he is doing ? '' 
 draig asked expecting her to try and talk him out of it . 
 `` not if we just do a flyover , '' sapphire suggested . 
 `` that 's a great idea . 
 i do n't want them to think we 're spying on them or interfering , but if i see that he 's doing alright , it would put my mind at ease , '' draig admitted . 
 `` then we should go , '' sapphire said as she got up and started heading out of the cave . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 draig asked as he followed after her . 
 `` yes , as long as you promise not to stop unless there is a problem , '' sapphire insisted . 
 `` okay , '' draig replied as they took to the air . 
 it was a bright clear morning without a cloud in the sky . 
 sapphire kept a keen eye out for any of ironclaw 's scouts in the distance since she had exceptional vision , while draig kept an eye on the ground for any hostiles . 
 when they passed by the meadow where sapphire had been attacked , she noticed a faint plume of smoke rising in the distance . 
 `` is that near the ranch ? '' 
 she asked in a concerned voice as she nudged draig with the tip of her wing to get his attention . 
 `` i do n't know ? '' 
 he replied , staring intently into the distance for a few moments . 
 when he realized she was as right , he immediately started flapping his wings as hard as he could to increase his speed . 
 sapphire accelerated along with him , and as they drew closer , so did their concern . 
 when the ranch came into view , draig gasped in horror . 
 `` it 's been attacked ! '' 
 he shouted in anguish as he folded back his wings and dove from the sky . 
 sapphire dove down after him , but from what she could see , they were already too late to save anyone . 
 the house and corral were both burnt to the ground , and all that remained was the dilapidated barn . 
 `` who would have done this ? '' 
 sapphire cried out in anger as she landed next to draig and started helping him search through the rubble for clues . 
 `` ironclaw and talon , they are the only ones who would have a reason to come here ! '' 
 draig exclaimed with an angry look that even scared sapphire . 
 `` draig , how did you know it was us ? '' 
 ironclaw 's voice echoed from above . 
 `` you filthy scum , what have you done to the sheepherder and his family ? '' 
 draig yelled as looked up and saw his brother circling overhead . 
 `` i knew you would come looking for them once you saw the smoke , '' ironclaw laughed . 
 `` have you killed them ? '' 
 draig demanded . 
 `` not yet , but if you want to save your friends , it 's going to cost you , '' ironclaw replied . 
 `` what can we possibly give you that you have not already taken from us ? '' 
 draig snarled with anger . 
 `` your lives , that 's what . 
 i 'll let the savages go if you two traitors trade your miserable lives for theirs , '' ironclaw chuckled as though it was a game . 
 `` where are they ? '' 
 draig demanded . 
 `` talon is holding them in the barn , but if you make a move , he will snap their puny necks before you reach the barn door , '' ironclaw warned . 
 `` prove that you have them , and that they are unharmed , '' draig insisted . 
 `` of course , brother . 
 i ca n't have you shedding any tears for them just yet , '' ironclaw said as he landed in front of the barn and pulled the door open . 
 `` see , four pathetic warm-bloods , all safe and sound ... for now ! '' 
 `` you promise that you will let all of them go if sapphire and i trade our lives for theirs ? '' 
 draig snorted in frustration . 
 `` yes , you have my word , '' ironclaw said as he paced back and forth in front the barn waiting for draig 's reply . 
 `` what are we going to do ? '' 
 sapphire whispered so that only draig could hear her . 
 `` i do n't know , if we give our lives to save them , what assurance do we have that my brother will keep his word after we are dead ? '' 
 draig whispered back . 
 `` none , but we ca n't just let him kill them , '' sapphire insisted . 
 `` enough whispering you two , let 's make the trade , '' ironclaw snorted with delight . 
 `` before we agree to anything , i want to know how you plan to execute us ? '' 
 draig asked in a morbid tone . 
 `` well , you know how sentimental i am , so i brought my favorite weapon with me , a bow and some arrows . 
 this time i made sure they have hardened steel tips , so there wo n't be any miraculous escapes from death , '' ironclaw said as he looked over at sapphire with disdain . 
 `` we will agree to the trade on one condition , '' draig offered . 
 `` i 'm listening , '' ironclaw replied as he inspected one of the arrows in his quiver . 
 `` you will have to let the human male kill us with your arrows , and it must be done with a single shot to the heart so that we do n't have to suffer , '' draig insisted . 
 `` i 'm not falling for that . 
 if i give the bow and arrows to the barbarian , he will just try to kill talon and i with them , '' ironclaw replied . 
 `` you and talon can easily watch from a safe distance , '' draig suggested . 
 `` brother , why are you trying to trick me ? '' 
 ironclaw growled . 
 `` i 'm not . 
 i just want to make sure that the humans have some way to protect themselves after we 're dead . 
 if they have the bow and some arrows , then you wo n't be able to double cross us and kill them once we 're gone , '' draig insisted . 
 `` brother , i am deeply hurt that you distrust me so , '' ironclaw remarked in a theatrical tone . 
 `` however , i will agree to your terms if you agree to a few conditions of my own . 
 first off , the human male has to bind both of you together so that you do n't try and attack us once i hand over the bow . 
 secondly , talon and i will circle overhead , and when we are at a safe distance i will drop the bow and a single arrow down to the ground . 
 once the human has killed sapphire , then i 'll drop a second arrow just for you my loving brother . 
 the warm-bloods can pull the two arrows out of your corpses and use them to protect themselves to quell your fears , '' ironclaw said as he held his claw over his heart as though it were breaking from draig 's distrust of him . 
 `` that 's fine with me , '' draig replied . 
 `` well , now that all of that is settled , let the man go , '' ironclaw instructed as he looked over at talon . 
 raven reluctantly picked up a thick piece of rope from the barn floor and walked out into the pasture where draig and sapphire were standing . 
 `` is there no other way to resolve this ? 
 raven asked before binding them . 
 `` no , but your aim must be true , one arrow to the heart so that we do n't die in pain , '' draig replied . 
 `` i will make sure you do n't suffer , but what you are doing for my family is without equal . 
 i honestly do n't know how to thank you for making such a tremendous sacrifice , '' raven admitted . 
 `` all that i ask is that you protect james after we 're gone , '' draig replied . 
 `` i will , '' raven promised as he finished knotting the last piece of rope . 
 `` good-bye blue devil , '' ironclaw laughed as he let the bow and one arrow fall to the ground behind raven . 
 raven immediately picked them up , and after nocking the arrow he aimed it directly at the center of sapphire 's chest . 
 then he pulled the string as far back as he could and held it for a moment . 
 `` it 's okay , '' sapphire cried out . 
 `` i forgive you , it 's the only way to save your family , '' she said as she looked over at james one last time . 
 thankfully he was playing with one of the sheep in front of the barn and not looking in her direction when raven released the arrow . 
 the flutter of the bowstring reverberated through the air , silencing all other sounds , and was followed by a brief cry as sapphire fell to the ground . 
 `` i will never forgive you ! '' 
 draig shouted in anger as he stared up at ironclaw with a hatred that burned hotter than a thousand suns . 
 `` i never want you to , '' ironclaw replied as he tipped the quiver so that another arrow would fall out . 
 a moment later , draig heard the sound of the bowstring releasing , and then he felt a sudden sharp pain in his chest . 
 as he felt the life draining out of his body , he heard sinister laughter raining down from above . 
 there was nothing he could do to stop it , and as he exhaled his last breath , he saw james crying in the distance . 
 `` you got what you wanted ! '' 
 raven shouted in anger . 
 `` now leave us alone ! '' 
 ironclaw and talon ignored his request and kept circling over heard . 
 when raven saw them looming nefariously , he ran over to draig and sapphire 's lifeless bodies and pulled the arrows out of their chests . 
 then he strung one of the bloody arrows on the bow and aimed it directly at ironclaw . 
 `` they are both dead , now get out of here ! '' 
 he yelled once more . 
 he knew that ironclaw was out of range , but he wanted him to know that he was serious about protecting his family if they tried anything . 
 `` we 'll be back for you and your family , '' ironclaw threatened as he and talon broke formation and turned north . 
 `` and i 'll be waiting for you when you do ! '' 
 raven shouted as he held the bow defiantly over his head until they were out of sight . 
 once he was certain that it was safe , he ran over to his family and hugged each one of them . 
 when he got to james , he wiped the tears from his face and kissed his cheek . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , i love you , '' raven said in an effort to console him . 
 `` can i go ? '' 
 james asked as he pointed in the direction of the pasture . 
 `` yes , go to them , '' raven said as he tried not to cry . 
 he knew james would try to save them , but he feared it was beyond his ability . 
 when james reached the dragons , he placed his hand on draig 's head and said , `` puff , do n't go , '' he placed his other hand on sapphire and curled up between them . 
 `` can he save them ? '' 
 mary asked as she looked over at raven with a glimmer of hope . 
 `` no , but let him try , or he will never forgive us for interfering , '' raven said as he looked away . 
 he knew that james was a powerful healer , but unlike the injured lamb that only needed a little help , the dragons had passed on . 
 once it started to get dark , raven left the barn and went back out to check on james . 
 when he reached the pasture , he could see james was still trying to bring them back , but it was clear they were gone . 
 out of respect for the dragons , he cut the ropes that bound them and then sat with james for a moment . 
 `` james , you have done your best to heal them , but some things are beyond our control , '' raven said in a sympathetic tone . 
 `` they loved you , and they gave their lives willingly to protect you from evil . 
 i know it 's hard to understand , but they wanted you to be part of a human family so you would never be alone , or think that you were n't loved . 
 you are part of our family now , and we all love you more than you know . 
 i want you take as much time as you need to mourn your dragon friends , but when you 're ready to come in , we will be waiting for you in the barn with open arms , '' raven said with a loving smile . 
 james looked up at him and then slowly took his hands off of draig and sapphire 's head . 
 `` they 're tired , '' james said as he reached out to raven with his little arms . 
 `` are you sure you 're ready to leave them , i can bring you a blanket if want to stay a little longer ? '' 
 raven offered . 
 james shook his head from side to side , and raven knelt down and gently picked him up . 
 `` there 's my little trooper , '' mary said when raven brought him into the barn . 
 `` i think he is worn out , '' raven said as he laid him on a blanket inside one of the empty stalls that mary had cleaned out . 
 james curled up on the blanket while mary finished making the stall livable . 
 `` do you need anything ? '' 
 she asked in a sweet voice . 
 `` sean can sleep in here ? '' 
 james replied . 
 `` you want sean to come and stay with you ? '' 
 mary asked . 
 `` uh-huh , '' james nodded . 
 `` alright , i 'll go get him , '' mary replied . 
 a moment later sean brought his blanket in and laid it down next to james before blowing out the oil lamp . 
 `` if you need something , let me know , '' sean offered . 
 `` okay , '' james replied as he reached for sean 's hand and then closed his eyes . 
 mary peeked in on them for a minute , and then went into the adjacent stall to get ready for bed . 
 `` do you think he will be okay ? '' 
 raven asked as mary got ready for bed . 
 `` i think so , he wanted sean to sleep next to him , which made sean feel like the big brother , '' mary replied . 
 `` i bet he liked that , '' raven replied . 
 `` he did , and he 's doing his best to comfort james , '' mary added . 
 `` that 's good . 
 it nearly broke my heart watching james try to heal the dragons , '' raven whispered . 
 `` mine too . 
 i hope he can get over the loss , '' mary said with a mournful look . 
 `` i ca n't believe they gave their lives to save us , '' raven remarked . 
 `` they were guardians sent to protect us , '' mary said as she took off her cross and hung it from the oil lamp before blowing it out . 
 the next morning when raven woke up , he went over to look in on the kids but james was gone . 
 `` sean , where is james ? '' 
 raven asked as he nudged him until he opened his eyes . 
 `` he went outside a little bit ago , '' sean replied in a groggy voice . 
 `` to go to the bathroom ? '' 
 raven asked . 
 `` no , he said he needed to see puff and sapphire , then left , '' sean replied as he rubbed the sleep from his eyes . 
 raven slowly opened the barn door so he would n't wake his wife and then walked out into the pasture . 
 in the distance he could see james laying between draig and sapphire 's bodies , and a wave of sadness came over him . 
 he knew that children often carried hope when there was none , and it was obvious that james was having trouble letting go . 
 as he slowly walked over to get james , he thought about what he might say to help comfort the poor child . 
 he knew it would be difficult to explain how death was merely the ending of one chapter , and the beginning of another . 
 `` james , can i talk to you ? '' 
 raven asked in a delicate tone . 
 `` they 're sleeping , '' james replied with an innocent look . 
 raven felt bad about what he was going to say next , but he could n't let james keep pretending they were n't dead . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but they 're not ... dead ? '' 
 raven gasped as draig raised up his head and opened his eyes . 
 `` oh my god , you 're alive ! '' 
 he cried out in disbelief . 
 `` i told you james was a powerful healer , '' draig remarked as though nothing was ever wrong with him . 
 `` is sapphire alive too ? '' 
 he asked as though he had just witnessed a miracle . 
 `` yes , she is just sleeping , '' draig replied . 
 `` i thought you were both dead ! '' 
 `` were n't the arrows made out of the old steel that ca n't hurt us ? '' 
 draig asked as he looked down at his chest for a moment unable to find any evidence of a wound . 
 `` i do n't think so , i shot you right through the heart as you instructed . 
 can a dragon survive that ? '' 
 raven asked . 
 `` no , '' draig replied as he looked at james adoringly . 
 `` i guess it does n't matter . 
 the important thing is that you and sapphire are both okay and james has n't lost you , '' raven remarked . 
 `` after everything went dark , what happened yesterday ? '' 
 draig asked . 
 `` your brother and talon circled around until i threatened to use the arrows on them , but they promised to come back , '' raven revealed in a concerned tone . 
 `` do n't worry , i 'm going to make sure that ironclaw and that half-wit never bother you again , '' draig replied with the look of vengeance in his fiery red eyes . 
 `` are going after him then ? '' 
 raven asked . 
 `` sapphire and i have already agreed upon a plan . 
 she is going to stay here and protect your family while i hunt those two criminals down , '' draig snarled . 
 `` do you want to take the bow and arrows with you ? '' 
 raven offered . 
 `` no , i wo n't need them and you might , '' draig replied as he picked up a stone to sharpen his claws . 
 `` are you sure you can handle both of them by yourself ? '' 
 raven asked . 
 `` we 'll soon find out , '' draig replied with a fierceness that seemed to quell any concerns that he might not be able to . 
 chapter 9 when draig reached snowden he saw talon near the edge of the lake grabbing at any fish that came within his reach . 
 since he was n't paying attention to his surroundings , draig flew up behind him and dunked his head under the water . 
 `` let me go ironclaw ! 
 it 's not funny ! '' 
 talon blubbered , completely unaware that it was actually draig who was holding him down . 
 when draig felt talon going limp , he pulled him up so he could see who it was . 
 `` you 're dead ! '' 
 talon trembled in fear as he slowly backed away . 
 `` that 's right you little weasel , i 'm back from the grave to seek my revenge . '' 
 `` please do n't kill me , it was all ironclaw 's fault . 
 he made me do all of those terrible things to you and sapphire , '' talon whimpered . 
 `` if you tell me where he is , i might show you some mercy , '' draig offered . 
 `` he 's up in his den sulking . '' 
 `` why ? 
 what 's wrong with him ? '' 
 draig asked . 
 `` the emerald isle fell two days ago and there is no one left to stop the humans from taking our home , '' talon admitted . 
 `` he 's crazy ... you know that , right ? '' 
 draig said as he thought about what he should do with talon . 
 `` yes . 
 let me help you in trade for my life , '' talon sniveled . 
 `` you already tried to kill me once , why should i trust you now ? '' 
 draig asked . 
 `` because two dragons are better than one , and i fear you more than i fear him , '' talon replied as he slowly lowered his wings so that draig would not see him picking up a large rock with his left claw . 
 `` so , you are offering to help me out of fear ? '' 
 draig asked . 
 `` yes , you are a mighty dragon and i will serve you well , '' talon offered . 
 draig tried not to laugh , but as he was about to say no to his offer , talon swung at draig with all of his might . 
 draig saw the fatal blow coming and quickly dodged it . 
 then he hit talon in the side of the face with his tail . 
 talon stumbled around for a few seconds before falling into the water face first . 
 `` i think i 'm better off without your help , '' draig said as he jumped on talon 's back and held him underwater until the last bubbles rose out of his nostrils . 
 once he was sure that talon was no longer a threat , he flew up to the top of snowden and started looking for his brother . 
 `` ironclaw , it 's judgment day ! '' 
 draig yelled in an authoritative tone when he reached the dens by the overlook . 
 `` brother , how many lives do you have ? '' 
 ironclaw said as he emerged from the shadows . 
 `` just one more than you , '' draig replied as he grabbed ironclaw by the throat and started dragging him towards the stone of punishment . 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 ironclaw demanded as he whipped him with his tail and bit at his legs . 
 `` why should i ? '' 
 draig asked as he looked down at his brother for a moment . 
 `` i am the leader of the dragon council , and you have no right to do this to me ! '' 
 ironclaw insisted . 
 `` you 're the leader of a lost race , and as their leader , you must perish along with them , '' draig said as he lifted ironclaw onto the stone of punishment so he could tie him down . 
 `` i hate you ! '' 
 ironclaw shouted in anger as draig cinched the eel skin rope around ironclaw 's arms and legs . 
 `` any last words ? '' 
 draig asked as he raised his razor sharp claws high into the air . 
 `` did the blue devil also survive ? '' 
 ironclaw asked . 
 `` yes , and she sends her regards , '' draig said as he struck ironclaw down with one fierce blow across his neck , turning the stone at his feet red . 
 once draig was sure that ironclaw was dead , he dug a hole next to the stone of punishment and laid his brother to rest . 
 he felt bad about killing him , but he knew that as long as ironclaw lived , james and the others would never be safe . 
 once draig was finished mourning his brother , he went over to the dragon dens and started searching them . 
 there was a chance that a young or injured dragon might have been hiding from ironclaw in one of them , and he wanted to be certain there was not . 
 all of the dens were empty except one that had some forgotten dragon eggs in it that were left over from the winter hatching period . 
 since they were half buried in the frozen soil and had failed to hatch , draig left them where they lay and exited the den . 
 then he took one last look out over the realm from the summit of snowden , and then flew south without looking back . 
 as he crossed over the lowlands , he saw several small bands of soldiers scattered across the landscape . 
 when they saw he was a red dragon , they lowered their weapons as he passed overhead . 
 draig knew that the war was over , and soon the humans would realize it too . 
 it was a bittersweet end to a long and tragic battle , and the age of the fire dragon was nearing its end . 
 draig was saddened by the loss , but at the same time he wanted the humans to flourish in the celtic realm so that james would grow up in a time of peace . 
 when draig arrived back at the sheepherder 's ranch , sapphire and the others rushed over to see him the instant he landed . 
 `` did you find talon and ironclaw ? '' 
 sapphire asked , as she looked him over to make sure he was n't injured . 
 `` yes , and they have both paid for their crimes , '' draig replied . 
 `` what about the elders and the other fire dragons , are we safe from them as well ? '' 
 sapphire questioned . 
 `` ironclaw sent every last fire dragon under his command to their graves , you and i are all that is left , '' draig replied with a look of sorrow . 
 `` perhaps it 's for the best . 
 times have changed , and we have not . 
 i fear that there can be only one master over this land in order for there to be peace in the realm , '' sapphire admitted . 
 `` i think that is true , and now it is up to the next generation to rise to the occasion and make this land whole again , '' draig said as he looked at raven 's family with hope in his eyes . 
 `` what are you and sapphire going to do now ? '' 
 raven asked . 
 `` the water dragons have offered to look after us , so we will live with them on the coast , '' draig replied . 
 `` will the soldiers come after you ? '' 
 raven asked . 
 `` sapphire and i formed an alliance with one of the commanders some time ago . 
 i believe they are honoring the agreement because the soldiers lowered their weapons once they recognized me flying by . 
 i am concerned that some of the villagers who have lost loved ones in the war my not be so forgiving , so sapphire and i will keep a low profile until tempers cool and everyone knows that the war is over . 
 after that , we will return to see how you are all doing , '' draig said as he looked over at james in particular . 
 `` i can not thank you enough for protecting my family and bringing another son to us . 
 i do n't know why we have been so blessed , but we will never forget it , '' raven replied . 
 `` you are welcome , but i do have one more favor to ask of you , '' draig revealed . 
 `` anything , '' raven replied . 
 `` i want you to go to carnedd mountain and stake a claim on its northern slope just below the summit . 
 there , you will find the hidden vein of silver where the ore i brought you came from . 
 i do n't know how much is there or what it is worth , but it should help you through any tough times that lie ahead , '' draig smiled . 
 `` i do n't know what to say , your kindness is unlimited , '' raven replied . 
 `` i am only telling you about this because i know that you value your family above all else , and money is only secondary to your needs , '' draig remarked . 
 `` i will go there this summer and stake a claim . 
 who knows , maybe i 'll give up sheepherding and become a miner or silversmith , '' raven laughed as he looked over at his wife . 
 `` i bet that would suit you well , '' draig replied as he stretched out his wings signaling he was ready to head home . 
 `` do you have to go ? '' 
 raven asked . 
 `` yes , but this is not good-bye . 
 we will see all of you very soon , i promise , '' draig said as he tickled james with the tip of his tail before lifting off of the ground . 
 james laughed and then ran over to mary . 
 when draig looked back , he saw mary pick him up and kiss him on the cheek , and that 's when he knew that she loved him almost as much he did . 
 ### about the author for the last several years i have been working as a manufacturing chemist in the pharmaceutical industry . 
 my interests include , hiking , camping , geology , and exploring old mining camps . 
 when i am not spending time with my family or enjoying the outdoors , i write fictional novels and short stories for young readers . 
 i value reader input and welcome comments and questions about my books . 
 i also realize that some typographical errors might slip by myself , or the editors . 
 if you find an error , please feel free to send me an email and i will make an effort to remove the error in the next revision . 
 thanks again , ben hughes email : kelso1901@yahoo.com my other books children 's fantasy : a dragon named splinter the blue dragon the dragon wizard fire dragons the cave of secrets science fiction : dreamstone dominate species 
