 in search of spice book 1 of the harrhein saga , the conquest of hind a preview rex sumner published by myvoice publishing at smashwords isbn : 978-1-909359-26-0 foreword in search of spice chronicles the first innocent steps that will lead to the conquest of hind by trade , love and grief . 
 harrhein is a kingdom brought into unity by the starr dynasty , riven with political intrigue . 
 barons and lords jostle for power and the right to levy taxes , while the church intrigues where it can . 
 a very few develop special abilities , which the church tries to keep limited to its priests , which is sometimes mental control and sometimes a mental ability to control natural forces - magic . 
 some of the characters are based on historical people . 
 the small regiment of regular soldiers guard the north and the king , while individual barons and dukes command their own inferior forces . 
 the story is set in a similar time to the 15th century except christianity is not so endemic and gunpowder has not been invented . 
 trade to the east is stymied by the neighbouring island race of spakka pirates , while in other directions is just empty ocean from which nothing appears . 
 in search of spice will be published in may and this ebook consists of the first three chapters as a taster to encourage you to find out more about harrhein . 
 please visit https://publishizer.com/in-search-of-spice/ . 
 this is a brand new campaign where we are offering fabulous incentives to readers who would like to pre-order , talk to the author or indeed have one of the characters named after themselves . 
 readers can have stories written about themselves or their friends , set in harrhein or even go in search of spice themselves , accompanied by the author , to a secret spice island in the east indies . 
 this pre-order campaign gives us leverage . 
 it allows us to persuade our publisher to invest in extra design , to make the maps prettier , to improve the front cover and to print more copies , thus allowing wider distribution . 
 it also allows us to fund marketing campaigns to ensure the success of the book . 
 the kingdom of harrhein praesidium is the capital -rrb- , galicia and fearaigh are duchies that were once separate countries . 
 the mountain range that runs up the spine of the country is loaded with geological wealth , and dwarves work with the people in the mining industry . 
 they do n't feature strongly in the story , nor do the elves who are frankly based more on the plains indians of north america than standard fantasy . 
 it works - see wagon master . 
 a foreign ship of novel design is shipwrecked by the spakka and salvaged by harrhein . 
 imitating it creates a carrack , capable of sailing the oceans and volunteers are sought to sail over the edge of the world in search of trade and the valuable spices . 
 new skills are required , climbing the masts and setting the sails , handling the effect of the wind on a high beamed ship , deep sea navigation and ocean cartography . 
 contents foreword the kingdom of harrhein treason fearaigh farewells a message from the author treason `` hi victor . 
 have you picked the champion yet ? '' 
 the elderly man turned from his seat in the gallery overlooking the fighting court and smiled . 
 `` oliver ! 
 oliver bouvier ! 
 what a surprise , and just in time , my wine glass is empty and the bottle is gone . 
 the navarre red is excellent . 
 as to the blades , well i think we are going to see some unusual upsets today . '' 
 oliver turned and gestured to a serving girl . 
 `` a bottle of navarre red , if you please . '' 
 he seated himself beside victor , easing his spare frame into the seat and looked with disapproval into the salle . 
 `` a cryptic clue as always . 
 what have you seen ? '' 
 `` there 's a girl come through the qualifying , do n't know who she is but her craftsmanship is awesome . 
 she has been going through her opponents like chaff , and one opponent even resigned rather than face her . 
 she is fighting next , up against a professional from lansbridge , her first real test . 
 here she comes now . '' 
 a girl strode out of the fighters tunnel into the courtyard , tall and elegant , moving lithely like a panther . 
 she was slim and willowy , with broad , muscled shoulders , a little heavier on the right . 
 she wore the leather and chain mail armour of a bladesman , plus a mask over her eyes , enough to obscure recognition . 
 bright , dark red hair was visible under her hauberk and a beautiful rapier grew out of her hand as if it was permanent . 
 `` a beauty , and young , i reckon . 
 who is she ? '' 
 `` no idea , but she has been damn well taught . 
 strong too , see how tall she is . 
 only girl to make it through qualifying . '' 
 a buzz went through the crowd and a cheer arose from the open area below `` what 's that they are calling her ? 
 russet ? 
 and red rattna ? 
 that awful barbarian queen who bathes in her victims ' blood ? 
 do n't we know her real name and background ? '' 
 `` no , she 's a mystery entrant . 
 she has red hair and a quick blade , that 's enough for the crowds . 
 see , she wears a small mask , as is her right . 
 it is clear she is a noble 's daughter who has worked with an expert bladesman . 
 she uses a rapier very well , going through all the parries fluidly and automatically . 
 in one of the bouts she met a compound attack by a simple displacement combined with an envelopment and took him . '' 
 `` i have no idea what you said . '' 
 `` ah , oliver , if you are going to watch fencing , you should learn the terms . '' 
 `` i do n't care about the terms or fencing , i only came to speak with you . 
 disgraceful they let a girl compete . '' 
 `` i think like everyone else you hope to see a little blood , and i am sure even a puritan like you would enjoy a girl 's blood even more . '' 
 `` or a lot . 
 even better . 
 damn papists , happy to see them all die . 
 not sure if the crowd want to see the girl 's blood or see her shed others blood . '' 
 he mused this last , looking around at the crowd and stroking his prominent nose . 
 `` well , i think they will be disappointed . 
 she 's a clean fighter ; she hits the marks perfectly and never takes a risk . 
 at least not yet . 
 she may have to at this level . 
 just look at morten . 
 you can see he wo n't give her an inch . '' 
 the fighters were ready , toeing the line and raising their swords in salute . 
 morten had a longsword . 
 he held it with both hands , his left hand cupped around the pommel . 
 the referee called the start and the jury stooped to watch for hits . 
 morten came forward carefully and made a small feint , which russet ignored . 
 he gave a beat to her blade and stepped back in surprise at the speed of the counter-beat . 
 his eyes narrowed and he lunged into the tiny , high opening presented , then desperately tried to bring the sword down in a parry as she slipped his blade , ducked to the floor and sliced up at his hand by the wrist , raising a fountain of ` blood ' ; actually red ink in small sachets strapped to each bladesman 's body . 
 the referee 's whistle went abruptly and both players stopped . 
 `` damn ! 
 she 's good , '' said victor . 
 `` she won it with that . 
 very , very clever and she played for it perfectly . '' 
 `` what ? 
 over ? 
 why , she barely touched him . '' 
 the crowd was murmuring , unsure what had happened , though a canny few were making their way to the bookmakers , strategically placed near the lanes leading into the crowded square . 
 `` tendons '' said victor with a smile . 
 `` that sachet marks the tendon , either he fences now with his left hand or he retires . 
 morten will retire , he ca n't fence left handed . 
 not at this standard . '' 
 `` but , but it was just a touch ! '' 
 `` it does n't take much to slice open a tendon , that 's why it is protected . 
 it takes one hell of an accurate blademaster to make that shot - she had a tiny , tiny area to hit , the crease which allows the wrist to turn , that was moving fast but she hit it . '' 
 the referee examined morten 's wrist , but morten only had eyes for the girl , with a stunned smile on his face . 
 his voice carried . 
 `` i misjudged you , ma'am . 
 i congratulate you on your win , quite brilliant . 
 you totally foxed me . 
 may i have the honour of knowing my victor 's name ? '' 
 the girl smiled . 
 `` thank you , sir , for your kind words . 
 i fear for now i must keep my identity secret a little longer , you will understand later . 
 good fortune . '' 
 her voice was low and melodious , but it carried clearly round the sale . 
 the referee spoke quietly to morten , who responded firmly , `` i do . '' 
 the referee turned to the crowd . 
 `` a tendon shot wins the bout for the mystery entrant . 
 morten retires , declining to fence on with his left . '' 
 the crowd did not erupt . 
 they muttered , as they felt a little cheated at not seeing more of her . 
 the lucky ones nodded their heads and headed off to the bookies to collect their winnings . 
 the mutterings increased , a little angry , but deflated when the rough crowd outside the upturned oxcart pub began to cheer and shout , waving their beer pots . 
 `` well done russet ! '' 
 `` the red rattna strikes again ! '' 
 `` fastest win for the red rapier ! '' 
 `` gives us a kiss for luck ! '' 
 at this last , the girl smiled and blew kisses to them , causing the noise to double . 
 `` umph , '' said victor , `` she is very young . 
 she should stay focused - her next match is against the champion - she needs to be ready for him , he is superb , highly skilled . 
 come oliver , i shall let you buy me lunch and another bottle of this excellent red and i shall explain what happened . '' 
 `` never mind , i do n't need to know . '' 
 oliver was impatient . 
 he looked around . 
 they were in a private booth of the drunken courtier , a public house ; the veranda overlooked the raised fighting dais , with the door open so the waiters and waitresses could see them . 
 `` is this place secure ? '' 
 `` of course it is , '' victor glared at him . 
 `` i have more to lose , consorting with the likes of you . 
 i do n't want anyone seeing you , let alone hearing what we talk about . '' 
 `` very well . '' 
 oliver did n't look convinced . 
 `` so , what is the latest news ? '' 
 `` all in good time . 
 so impatient , it is not polite to discuss business till after we have eaten . '' 
 `` i pay you enough not to have to put up with your foibles . '' 
 oliver hated victor for his upper class smoothness , but masked the hatred behind impatient anger . 
 `` nonsense . 
 and i am going to need more ; i have to keep up my position in society . 
 you must follow the customs or you will stand out , and the waiter may report it . 
 he will think it deuced odd if we are talking business over food . '' 
 victor waved at the waitress through the doorway . 
 she nodded and moved off . 
 victor leaned forward . 
 `` i spoke yesterday with a friend from westport . 
 he tells me you can forget fearaigh . '' 
 `` i did not expect anything else . 
 they do not love us . '' 
 `` they do n't care much for your ways , they prefer the old religions , trade with the elves and they love the starrs . 
 half the army is from fearaigh . '' 
 `` tell me something i do n't know , and show me the money is not wasted . '' 
 oliver 's eyes gleamed in his pale face . 
 as victor started to speak , a young man pushed his way into the room . 
 `` hello , gentle sirs , my name is andy . 
 can i help you with your order ? '' 
 `` excellent ! '' 
 beamed victor . 
 `` you can indeed . 
 first we need another bottle of the navarre , then tell me the menu . 
 who is the chef today ? '' 
 `` mrs jenks has the oven today , sir ; she recommends the pheasant pie , or the steak and oyster pie . 
 otherwise i could do you some nice wood pigeons , or there is some ham , and i think if i hurry i can rustle up a lamprey , as it 's you , sir . '' 
 `` lamprey ? 
 mrs jenks ? 
 really , ah yes that would be wonderful - i shall have it with a couple of pigeons , they go well together and mrs jenks cooks them superbly . 
 the navarre will complement the pigeon beautifully . 
 will you share with me , my friend ? '' 
 he asked oliver . 
 `` thank you , no , that would be far too rich for me . 
 some light chicken broth , bread and a bit of cheese . '' 
 oliver tried to smile , which was scary . 
 `` certainly , gentle sirs , '' nodded andy , `` it will be about half of the hour , if that is acceptable ? '' 
 he minced out and they heard him snap at the serving girl to bring the wine . 
 `` count rotherstone is on everyone 's lips , '' murmured victor , wiping his mouth on a napkin with precise care . 
 `` he is considered the leader of the revolutionary cadre , even though he does nothing overtly . 
 raphael is not taken seriously , though a significant number of invitations are arriving for him . '' 
 `` invitations ? 
 so what ? 
 be serious , man ! '' 
 oliver stared at him . 
 victor sighed . 
 `` prince raphael is single . 
 the increases in invitations are coming from mothers of unmarried girls . 
 they are hedging their bets , offering their daughters in the hope of catching a king . 
 the increase means many of the upper classes think there is a chance he may inherit . 
 a good chance . '' 
 `` ah , i see . '' 
 oliver was actually impressed by the subtlety , but took care to hide that . 
 `` how many are converting to the true religion ? '' 
 `` that i can not know , it is not widely talked about and very private . 
 but there has been a sea-change in outlook . 
 it is no longer derided , but talked about as just another religion . 
 as you know , most of them care little for religion in any form , so this is a good sign . '' 
 victor smiled and sipped his wine , building suspense before he delivered the good news . 
 `` the merchant boys are successful as officers . 
 it is agreed to allow many more of them to join , and their competence allows the nobility to move their sons to the city guard rather than fighting regiments . '' 
 he sneered . 
 `` the weaker , diluted nobility , of course . 
 they do n't want to fight the barbarians on the northern border , or meet spakka raids in the east . 
 they are happy to let your lads do that for them , and the rate of retirement is up hugely . '' 
 `` very good , '' oliver was pleased . 
 he placed a large purse on the table , which vanished into victor 's pouch . 
 `` and the palace guard ? '' 
 `` oh , no problem there . 
 i lunched with the adjutant three days ago and on my advice he is taking on a cadre of not just officers , but guardsmen as well . 
 you will own it within a few years . 
 worth an extra purse , i fancy ! '' 
 he watched greedily as oliver reluctantly placed a smaller purse on the table . 
 `` what is the king 's attitude to the new parliament ? 
 has it changed ? '' 
 `` not really . 
 he 's not convinced they can do anything worthwhile , and is n't paying much attention to them . 
 the princess is a different matter . 
 she 's been bending his ear about it and i understand she is now forbidden to talk about parliament at meals . 
 i believe she is spending time listening to them in session ? '' 
 `` yes , she does . 
 i do n't think she likes me very much . '' 
 oliver smiled with satisfaction . 
 victor took a larger sip of wine , to stop himself commenting on the princess 's exemplary taste . 
 oliver did not think he would get much more from the old courtier , and decided to leave . 
 excellent news on the officers , which would speed the process , and even better news on the guard . 
 he thought briefly of his own commission , sitting in his pocket , and wondered when he would take it up . 
 the king would not like to find out members of parliament were officers in the new army they were raising . 
 the daughter was an issue . 
 she would work out the possibilities , and they needed to debate some sensitive issues in the coming weeks . 
 he decided to bring forward the plan to remove her and install raphael . 
 he stood abruptly , seeing victor 's raised eyebrow at his silence , and threw a coin on the table . 
 `` that 's for lunch . 
 i shall meet with you again in a month 's time . 
 get a table at the archery tournament , i shall find you . '' 
 he pulled on his cloak and left . 
 victor sighed with pleasure and ruminated on the ills of life that had destroyed his investments and forced him into taking the puritan coin . 
 to say nothing of the wretched boy who had sucked him into this mess in the first place . 
 still , he could see the way the wind was blowing and it would be important to come out on the right side . 
 it was the last bout of the day and had stretched to half an hour , the longest bout so far . 
 the champion , ariston , was moving easily , but giving the red queen huge respect . 
 both players were level on 11 points - 12 was the victory target . 
 they had been on 11 for the last ten minutes , an unprecedented time with no score . 
 ariston was a well-muscled man in his late twenties , approaching six foot tall , balanced and moving well . 
 he was still smiling as he fought , but his grey eyes showed his care , watching the girl like a cat , riveted on her face . 
 the sweat rolled down his face and his shirt was stained dark . 
 most was sweat but a few minor sachets had burst . 
 the girl was laughing . 
 not all the time , but you could see the joy on her face as she moved lightly and easily , matching ariston 's every move . 
 this did not bother ariston ; you could see he loved every moment of the challenge . 
 the crowd was hushed . 
 this was a bout such as you were lucky to see once in five years , and to see two blade masters enjoying each other 's skill was unusual to say the least . 
 once ariston had skidded on a flower thrown from the crowd , and the red queen had backed up and let him recover . 
 victor 's face wreathed in smiles as he watched with reverence . 
 he had a crowd of his friends on his veranda with him now . 
 ariston launched an attack in the high line , arm raised , forcing the parried response higher and higher , to the full extension of the girl 's reach . 
 in a moment , it would be too high and he would overcome her as he pushed her off balance . 
 a trick he would not have tried had he not sensed her tiring . 
 she went from the high quarte parry , flowing smoothly into a derobement , trapping and forcing his blade outwards as she went forward and leapt impossibly high into the air , pushing his blade well out of line . 
 the forward movement and the jump prevented him from disengaging and he started to back-pedal . 
 the girl 's blade disengaged , her foot came up high to replace it and continued pushing his blade out of the way and then her rapier arced back towards his eye . 
 the crowd sighed , and victor breathed , `` the heron strike ! 
 that i should live to see it . '' 
 at the very peak of her leap , her rapier swept down to his face and ariston literally saw death . 
 somehow , she stopped the stab a fraction from the eye , and alighted with a small , victorious smile , her point resting on his cheek . 
 ariston relaxed and with care brought his sword back to the en garde position , almost touching her arm in the process . 
 he swung the sword round in the loser 's salute . 
 the arena erupted with shouts and screams , people throwing all sorts into the salle . 
 mainly flowers , some jewellery , even fruit . 
 the referee went into a huddle with the four men of the jury , rapidly joined by the tournament director . 
 ariston went to one knee , and spoke quietly so only the girl could hear . 
 `` my thanks , my lady , for the finest fight i have been privileged to enjoy . 
 it has been an honour to cross blades with you , and i know you will win this tournament . '' 
 `` you are too kind , good sir . 
 i can not tell you the pleasure it has given me . 
 i had quite forgotten the tournament , to be honest . '' 
 they grinned at each other in mutual respect . 
 the referee called for quiet , repeatedly , until the noise fell . 
 the tournament director stepped up and the crowd stilled , uncertain . 
 this was not expected . 
 `` we have a little difficulty here . 
 the strike of the heron may be a winning blow in a real fight , but in tournament the eyes are sacrosanct and use of the foot in this manner is illegal . 
 by making this attack , the mystery entrant has struck a foul blow . 
 although the champion has ceded defeat , we can not accept it . 
 the score remains 11 each and the mystery entrant must be disqualified . '' 
 at first , there was a stunned silence . 
 the crowd started to hiss and rise . 
 before it could reach any volume , the girl stepped forward and stood beside the tournament director , who was looking decidedly nervous . 
 `` good people of praesidium , listen to me . 
 i accept the director 's decision . 
 he is correct , my actions were outside the rules of the tournament and i apologise . 
 i was carried away by the bout and performed an illegal move . 
 it is only right i concede defeat to a very worthy champion . '' 
 the crowd clearly disagreed with her . 
 she held up her hand for silence , and slowly got it . 
 behind her mask , her green eyes flashed . 
 `` i have made my decision . 
 it is the right one . 
 you will accept it , for now i shall reveal who i am and you will realise that once you know , i can not carry on . '' 
 that got the crowd 's attention , sure enough and they fell silent as she raised a hand to the half mask that covered her eyes and the top of her face . 
 she ripped it off and shock rippled round the crowd . 
 a small , square , determined chin and the flashing eyes dominated and enlivened a plain face , high cheekbones and famous nose . 
 the tournament director , the jury , the referee and ariston dropped to their knees , the champion with a huge grin on his face . 
 `` arise , '' she smiled at him . 
 `` your highness , we are well served by our future queen , both in your martial abilities and your wisdom . '' 
 `` regrettably i am unable to continue tomorrow , for my father does not know i am here . 
 i intended to step back today , whatever the outcome and hoped to sneak back to the palace without his knowledge . 
 i fear that is no longer an option . '' 
 ariston extended his arm . 
 `` may i have the honour of escorting you to your changing quarters , highness ? '' 
 she smiled , placed her hand delicately and lightly on his forearm and they walked off the salle to a standing ovation . 
 victor turned to his friends . 
 `` that was quite incredible . 
 i think we need a barrel of wine , never mind a bottle . 
 ha ! 
 i had a feeling it was the princess . '' 
 `` you say that now . 
 i did n't see you rushing to the bookies for a bet . '' 
 francis was a fellow aficionado and a long time crony . 
 `` that might have been injudicious to say the least . 
 i believe there was quite a lot of money laid on her being red rattna 's granddaughter . 
 there was no money on her being our own royalty . '' 
 `` i should think not . 
 who would have guessed that pretty girl could do that ? '' 
 `` anyone in the army , for a start . 
 she caused quite a stir when she served on the frontier . '' 
 adrian was a recently retired soldier . 
 `` the princess ? 
 she fought in the army ? 
 you 're joking . '' 
 all the others looked at him in astonishment . 
 `` indeed i am not , but your response just shows how out of touch you are here in the capital . 
 we 've always had a fighting monarchy here in harrhein , although the women try to turn the nobility into stuffed cockerels . '' 
 `` well , if you say so . 
 anyway , that winning strike . 
 it was impressive , to be sure , but why is the heron strike so special ? 
 it looked spectacular , why is n't it done more frequently ? '' 
 bruno did not understand fencing , or fighting . 
 but was a keen follower of the elder men and their largesse . 
 `` hah ! 
 looks are deceptive . '' 
 victor was delighted for the opportunity to explain . 
 `` usually when you get so high , you open up your body to your opponent who will always get his blade back and skewer you with ease . 
 you have no defence . 
 but she was cunning in a way no man could be . 
 incredible elasticity of body , she leapt high to keep his blade in contact with her own and how she got her foot up there , i do n't know . 
 once she got her foot on his blade , he could n't get back to take advantage as she went on the attack . 
 mind you , doubt anyone over the age of twenty could get their foot up that high . '' 
 count rotherstone sat at his desk reading a report on the peccadilloes of a baron he planned to subvert . 
 a hesitant knock on the door revealed his secretary , a young priest called thomas who was terrified of him . 
 `` ah , three messages have come in , sir , '' stammered thomas , as those cold grey eyes looked down that long nose at him . 
 he always thought the count looked like a grey heron , about to strike and skewer him , `` two from the brothel in piccadilly and one from the candler . '' 
 `` read me the candler 's message . '' 
 the count returned his gaze to the report . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 thomas looked down at the message . 
 `` a gentleman came into the shop and purchased two ash black candles . '' 
 the count looked up sharply , and thomas jumped . 
 `` he commented that the kitten was causing trouble again and it was time to drown her . '' 
 thomas looked blankly at the message . 
 `` that 's all there is , sir . '' 
 `` it is sufficient , '' breathed count rotherstone . 
 `` put the messages on the desk and leave . 
 ask bessin to attend me . '' 
 princess asmara starr relaxed in her bath , smiling and wincing a little as her hand maid worked on her scratches and pulled muscles . 
 the door opened and a girl slipped in , coming up and sitting by the bath . 
 the princess looked at her and raised a sculpted eyebrow . 
 `` asmara , trouble . 
 you must leave . 
 there is to be an assassination attempt on you tonight , and it is serious enough that i do n't think you can avoid it . '' 
 the princess sat up . 
 `` call belkin , i need to talk to him . 
 enough , sophie , get the towels . 
 luce , who 's behind it ? '' 
 no fuss , the princess went from luxuriating to business in seconds , her mind rapidly scanning through her options . 
 `` well , it is supposed to be your cousin , raphael . '' 
 `` he 's a dolt and a coward . '' 
 `` i already told belkin to come ; i knew you would want to speak to him . 
 told him it was urgent . '' 
 `` well done , good thinking . 
 who 's been breathing up raphael 's bottom ? '' 
 `` you know very well it will be count rotherstone . 
 he controls everything raphael does and with him on the throne he will be the actual king . '' 
 asmara blinked from under the towel . 
 `` my father ? 
 is he alright ? 
 is there an attempt on him as well ? '' 
 `` no , they see you as the danger . 
 with you out of the way , raphael will have time to ingratiate himself with your father , get named as heir and then they will finish him . 
 but if you stay and fight , it could widen and drag him in . '' 
 the door opened and a man came in . 
 he saw the princess ' nakedness and reddened . 
 `` i apologise , your highness , this woman told me to come instantly . '' 
 he started to turn to leave the room . 
 `` oh , do n't be so silly , belkin . 
 this is too important to worry about false modesty . 
 this woman is my spymaster , uh , mistress . 
 tell it all now , luce . '' 
 belkin ensured he kept his eyes on luce 's face , wondering that she looked vaguely familiar but he could not put a name to her . 
 luce grimaced , living her life in the shadows meant she did not want to be known to anyone . 
 `` rotherstone has given raphael a mage , a powerful one . 
 he is bespelling the guards at this moment . 
 it means if they see the princess , they will see instead an elf crone witch , and will call for archers and shoot her from a safe distance . 
 that 's to ensure you ca n't escape . 
 at the same time they have a group of killers organised , disguised as elves , which will raid the palace - specifically your room . 
 your own men will think you part of that party . '' 
 `` how long will the spell last ? '' 
 the princess grasped the plan straight away , wincing at the thought of the guardsmen , whom she loved and with whom she trained at arms , killing her when she knew she would not be able to strike back . 
 `` i do n't know , but it could be a week . 
 you can not hide from your guardsmen for even a day . '' 
 `` if there is an attack , i need to be with my father , supporting him and helping him . 
 this is a really bad time , i am sure the new parliament is up to something . '' 
 belkin grunted . 
 `` you trust this woman ? '' 
 `` with my life '' `` humph . 
 that 's exactly what it is . 
 very well , crude it may be , but you can not fight it without a hundred guardsmen , and many will die . 
 moreover , if they are all bespelled , your most loyal men will kill you . 
 your father has managed to run the kingdom perfectly without you for the last twenty years . '' 
 asmara scowled at this . 
 `` he can sort out the problem much more effectively if he does n't have to worry about your safety . 
 we must flee to westport . 
 fearaigh will be safe . '' 
 `` no . 
 i will flee , you must stay . '' 
 asmara did not like belkin 's words , but she had to accept their truth . 
 she worried that her father needed her and liked to think she was important , so his words hurt . 
 then glee rose up inside her as her worries about her father diminished . 
 adventure ! 
 she would be out and away from insistent tutors , annoyingly insipid chaperones and dubious dancing masters , free as a bird . 
 no way would she go to westport . 
 `` go to your rooms and sleep . 
 if they do n't see me , they wo n't be able to do anything . 
 tomorrow i shall be gone , luce . 
 so go to belkin at 10 am . 
 belkin , request a private audience with the king , tell him what has happened . 
 introduce him to luce . 
 luce , you must in future report to belkin and the king . '' 
 `` no , as . 
 too many people . '' 
 luce replied , causing belkin to look shocked , both at the refusal and the nickname . 
 `` i shall report to belkin , he can tell the king . 
 we will protect him till you return . '' 
 she looked balefully at belkin . 
 `` you , sir , will need further protection if you are close to the king . 
 i am surprised they did n't think to work out something about you tonight , but raphael was always sloppy . 
 they may not make the same mistake twice . 
 i suggest you do n't see the king for a few days , and ensure he sees you no more than once a month , or you put yourself in danger . 
 the king will understand . 
 he 's a smart one . 
 tell him if you are killed , i shall appear at his bedside with news . '' 
 she turned to asmara , who was nodding . 
 `` now , we must cut your hair and choose your clothes . 
 what will you be ? '' 
 belkin noticed she did not ask where she was going and started to ask the question , then thought better of it . 
 the princess was clearly in complete accord with this strange woman . 
 `` yes , will shoulder length be enough ? 
 i thought to be a mercenary . '' 
 `` no , you will need it short . 
 where 's that black hair dye ? 
 get a bit of dirt on your face . 
 keep it there . 
 it will hide your cheekbones and make you look more common . 
 do n't take many clothes , get dirty , change your walk , you know the score , like when we went to sarumstown . '' 
 belkin started , and wondered if he had an answer to a question which had bugged him for the last year . 
 the princess had managed to disappear for a whole month before reappearing very content and ignoring the angry instructors and courtiers . 
 `` i need my rapier and bow . 
 the leathers are in the cupboard over there . 
 sophie , get them , then leave . 
 the less you know the better . '' 
 `` mistress , i am coming with you . 
 and i must cut your hair . 
 you will need somebody to look after you . 
 i could be your squire . '' 
 `` hah ! 
 more likely my dog-robber . 
 i wo n't have a squire . 
 no , it is too dangerous for you and i will travel too fast . 
 i need to be 100 miles away by dawn and you can barely ride . 
 and you would cut my hair too well . 
 leave now , take a holiday and visit your parents , give it three months then come back and see belkin . 
 he will give you a job . 
 here , take this purse , it will see you through . '' 
 sophie burst into tears , but went and got the clothing , then left , still crying . 
 belkin watched her dress , and spoke . 
 `` do n't take farstrider . 
 i know you love him , but everyone knows he is your horse . 
 there is a new grey in the stall three down from him . 
 he 's a good horse , take him instead . 
 i will go down now and get rid of the stable boy , then tack him up . '' 
 `` wait ! 
 do n't take the passageway . 
 wait a moment while luce finishes my hair . 
 luce , take him through the secret ways . 
 i will follow in a moment . '' 
 luce nodded , finished hacking her long hair off and reached for the hair dye . 
 `` belkin , bag up her hair , please . 
 i will dispose of it so nobody knows they should look for a short-haired woman . '' 
 she pushed asmara 's head over the bath , rubbed the dye well into her hair . 
 `` let that set while you ride . 
 find a horse trough in the morning and rinse it . '' 
 she put the pot in the bag with the hair and rose , turned and grabbed asmara , hugging her for a moment before turning away and beckoning to belkin , who swallowed as he saw her tears . 
 he followed her out of the room through a door that opened when she touched something by the fireplace . 
 it was dark in the passageway , but luce produced a taper from a crevice and led off . 
 she looked back over her shoulder once , `` she 's like my younger sister . 
 she saved me from the gutter and the whorehouse . 
 i owe her everything . 
 have no worries , i will do what i can . '' 
 she was off , before he could respond and he trailed along as best he could , wondering how she got her information . 
 asmara finished pulling on the leathers , retrieved her bow and rapier , pulled out a fat purse and a money belt , slipped them on and followed . 
 her face was alight with joy , she had worked out where she was going and could not wait . 
 she reminded herself she must look grave and concerned when she said goodbye . 
 nobody spoke in the stable , belkin had not only saddled and tacked the grey , but had chosen a beaten up saddle and old tack , though well oiled . 
 he eased open the door , looked outside , and nodded . 
 asmara saluted them , and was through the door , vanishing into the night . 
 belkin turned to luce . 
 `` uh , we forgot to check how she will get in touch with us . 
 so we can tell her when to come back . '' 
 luce allowed a faint smile . 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 she knows how to get in touch with me , and she will contact you if i 'm gone . 
 i expect she will send us both a message and another for the king . 
 we 've prepared for this day for the last six months since we got a pipeline into rotherstone 's plans . '' 
 she wiped her eyes and was gone . 
 fearaigh mot raised her head , looking at the trees and her hackles rose . 
 a big , tawny dog with black patches around her eyes , resembling a wolf . 
 patraigh instinctively pressed his knees to turn his horse and drifted towards the copse at which she stared . 
 he rode along a low ridge overlooking a green valley through which a large cattle herd moved . 
 as he approached the trees , wolves ghosted out to overlook the herd . 
 pat leant back , un-strapped the short spear from under his leg and squeezed his legs to urge the horse into a gallop , fearing he would be too late . 
 the lead wolf turned and inspected him , its tongue lolled from one side of its mouth while yellow eyes gleamed , even from the distance . 
 without thinking , pat leaned forward and squeezed his legs again , urging the horse to top speed , barely conscious of mot racing alongside him . 
 the wolves watched him come for a moment , then as one , turned and raced away , vanishing into the birches . 
 he slowed as he came to where they disappeared and mot cast around . 
 she checked in with her eyes . 
 `` enough , girl , we 've given them a scare , '' he said , his voice loud enough for the dog to hear . 
 pat moved through the trees , his grey eyes intent on the ground , looking for tracks . 
 nothing . 
 mot circled ahead , nose down , tail waving . 
 he thought it through . 
 the pack were not scared , they were being wary and they would be hungry . 
 they would come back . 
 what would they need ? 
 they did like that cliff . 
 it was not high , but enough to kill cattle that bolted and they knew it . 
 easiest way to kill cattle was with gravity , no risk to the wolf and wolves did not take risks . 
 the cliff was still on the far side of the herd , and if the wolves got ahead , they could still bolt them towards it . 
 however , they would be wary now , and would check out the land first . 
 that meant the hill ahead , only place they could go . 
 pat squeezed his horse into motion , and cantered towards the hill , mot following behind . 
 he knew he needed to get there first . 
 he was sixteen years old , a tall , black haired boy who thought he knew it all . 
 he did know animals , better than most , and was elf-taught in the woods . 
 he learnt a lot about wolves as a child , and lost all fear of them . 
 the bitch was the true leader of the pack , not the dog . 
 he might be the fighter , but he did what she told him , not that pat could understand or hear her speak but it felt right when he put it that way . 
 now , in the autumn , the time the ranchers took the crop of young cattle to market , was the time the young wolves learnt to hunt . 
 the old wolves taught them the easiest ways - and that included chasing herds over cliffs . 
 they also taught them caution , but with some youngsters , they had to learn the hard way . 
 just like people . 
 he came up to the top of the hill and reined in , looking down the far slope with a sprinkling of young trees over it , all at an incline with the prevailing wind off the sea . 
 off to his left he could see the herd snaking out towards the gap in the hills , beyond which the trail led into town and the first farms . 
 mot growled , and he saw the first wolf at the same time . 
 it stopped and snarled at him . 
 pat unclipped his bow from its holster and strung it , pulling a long arrow from the quiver , checking that it was a broadhead . 
 that would stop a wolf , stun it on the head or chest , but needed to be sent on the slant if it was to slip between the ribs for a killing strike . 
 the wolf watched him for a moment , turned and loped away , unhurried . 
 he saw it in full view heading away from the herd in a direction from which it would be hard to come back and attack . 
 he smiled . 
 the wolf was sending him a message - pat was too ready and too dangerous . 
 that wolf had seen a bow used before . 
 he watched as other wolves appeared out of nowhere and followed the leader , and switched his attention to the low bushes . 
 would the young wolves go too ? 
 or would they itch to find out why the older wolves had given up ? 
 a bush moved , and he smiled . 
 smoothly , he drew , held the arrow for a moment as he checked the wind was steady , and released . 
 as he watched the flight , he replaced the arrow . 
 it went in a graceful arc off to the left of the bush , caught the wind and swung round to thump through the bush . 
 there came a yelp and a wolf was running , unhurt , untouched , but shocked and startled , away and after the others , joined by three more , all with their tails down . 
 he grinned , and decided retrieving the arrow would be more trouble than it was worth ; he did not want to get off the horse in case another youngster was still waiting . 
 he sat on his horse , watching the pack disappear . 
 the horse watched as carefully as he did , a lot more concerned than pat . 
 he waited there until the herd passed the danger point , then galloped down to the rear and set mot to hurrying up the last of the cattle . 
 his father came round to him and said , `` all clear ? '' 
 `` yup . 
 too late for them to do anything now , they ca n't get them to the ravine so they 'll give up . '' 
 his father looked blank for a moment , and said , `` the ravine ? 
 the cliff ? 
 you mean wolves ? 
 they drive the cattle to it deliberately ? '' 
 pat stared at him in astonishment . 
 this was his father . 
 surely he knew ? 
 `` uh , sure dad . 
 they can kill more easily and safely if they drive them over a cliff . 
 they know that - that 's why the herds always get hit here . '' 
 `` ca n't be . 
 they 're just animals - how would they work it out ? '' 
 his father dismissed the thought and moved off to the right of the herd , shaking his head . 
 mikkel came up beside him , and pulled down the cloth from over his mouth to stop the dust raised by the herd . 
 `` had a mite of trouble , i see . '' 
 `` no , not really . 
 why do you say that ? '' 
 mikkel smiled . 
 `` you 're missing an arrow from your quiver . '' 
 he pulled up his cloth and swung away to chivvy along a bullock after a clump of tasty grass miraculously untrampled . 
 pat reflected his oldest brother might seem slow , but he missed little . 
 he spat dust from his mouth and pulled up his neck cloth . 
 they came over the rise . 
 his father , with his distinctive white hat , had gone ahead and was talking to men at the yards , still a couple of miles away across the plain . 
 the city of rikklaw 's port spread out behind it and the ocean gleamed in the distance . 
 he thrilled inside , as the sight of the sea always gripped him , and he stood in the stirrups , seeing sails white against the blue . 
 mikkel came up beside him . 
 `` ah , ca n't wait for a beer . 
 i 'm as dry as that last creek after eating this damn dust all week . '' 
 pat grinned at him . 
 mikkel 's fondness for beer explained why their mother banned it at home . 
 `` and now it 's time we found you a girl and show you what it 's all about . '' 
 mikkel went on with a grin . 
 pat 's face was panic-stricken . 
 mikkel laughed . 
 his little brother might be wise in the ways of the wild , but the city at night was unknown to him . 
 girls gave him enough trouble at home . 
 `` do n't worry , laddie . 
 i 'll find you a knowing one who will teach you what to do . 
 mebbe not the first night , though , as you 'll be worse for wear on beer . '' 
 `` i 'll be fine , no way am i matching you beer for beer . 
 just a taste , that 's fine for me . '' 
 `` ah , that 's what they all say . 
 you 'll be in there with all of us an ' there 's a game or two to teach you . 
 just do n't go drinking with strangers - i 'll keep an eye on you . '' 
 pat thought gloomily that he would be fine for the first hour , after which his brother would be too pissed to notice anything . 
 the yards were made of wood , and the entrance was a wide funnel into which the cattle went without fuss , ending up milling about in the large paddock . 
 as mikkel and pat shooed the last through the final gate , a couple of men they did n't know pulled a gate round and rammed some poles through it and the wall to hold it secure . 
 simple and clever , thought pat , seeing how strongly stakes braced it on both sides . 
 one of the men saw him looking , and said , `` when they panic , they remember which way they came in and they hit it pretty hard . 
 this 'll hold 'em , do n't you worry . '' 
 his father came over to them . 
 `` right lads , good job you 've done . 
 get the horses into the horse paddock , give rabbie a hand with the spares when he comes in with the wagon and then i have a treat for you . '' 
 that got everyone 's attention . 
 `` what 's that , dad ? '' 
 asked selwyn . 
 `` girls ? '' 
 `` randy young pup , '' said his father , swatting him . 
 `` no , i 've booked rooms at the herdsman 's inn and the bathroom . 
 there 's a hot bath for each of you so you 'll smell sweet for the ladies when you go out later . 
 right now , sel , you smell like a horse that 's been rolling in bullshit . '' 
 shouts of laughter and agreement , and mikkel pushed selwyn towards the horse trough . 
 he swayed , but kept his balance and came back with a soppy grin on his face . 
 `` now , before you all rush off , we 'll have a drink at the bar together like civilised folk and i 'll give you some coin . 
 i 've got an advance from the buyers already , and it 's a good one . 
 seems we 're the first intact herd to come through this season and the fattest . 
 all the others had run from wolves a mite and lost weight . '' 
 `` we have pat to thank for that , '' said mikkel with a glance at selwyn . 
 `` mayhap he deserves a bonus , dad . '' 
 there was a general cheer to this and pat blushed and mumbled , but nobody could hear over the general noise . 
 he felt his arm grabbed and squeezed and saw his sister sal smiling at him . 
 `` to be sure , '' said dad , `` now let 's off to the inn for that bath and we can drink his health . '' 
 the herdsman 's inn was a big place , no longer on the edge of the town which had grown , and the stable no longer had horses in it - they were outside of town . 
 instead , it was a huge bathing area , with individual tubs beside what had once been a long horse trough , raised into the air . 
 to fill your tub you pulled down a short slab of wood and water cascaded into the tub until you pushed it back up . 
 the tank was on top of the building where the water warmed in the sun . 
 pat did not look to see where the water came from , just ripped his clothes off , jumped in and let water cascade over him and into the tub . 
 `` great idea , pat . '' 
 shouted sal from the next tub as she copied him . 
 `` sel ! 
 get us some soap before you jump in . '' 
 `` there 's a bucket full of it by each tub , sal , '' said mikkel , `` but do n't tell selwyn - he 'll be gone for half an hour looking for it in the kitchen . '' 
 the tubs were big enough so pat was able to get completely under water , which he did as soon as it was full enough and tried to see how long he could hold his breath . 
 he felt something prod him hard in the stomach and shot up spluttering to see sal laughing at him . 
 `` wash your hair properly , '' she scolded , `` and i will check to make sure you do n't have lice . '' 
 `` aw , give it a rest , sal ! 
 nobody 's got lice . '' 
 it did not do him any good . 
 she climbed out of her tub and came and checked , lathering his hair up . 
 he did not notice her expression as she went back to her own tub , but mikkel did . 
 everyone says goodbye in his or her own way . 
 in the bar , pat was the last to arrive except for sal . 
 his dad grabbed his arm , pushed mikkel away and said , `` i need to talk to you , lad . 
 let 's go over there where we can have some peace . '' 
 `` no you do n't , dad , '' said mikkel . 
 `` this is a family matter , we all need to be there and you must wait for sal . 
 here , pat , get this down your throat . '' 
 he pushed a tankard at pat , who received it with caution . 
 `` mikkel , i think i should talk to pat first . '' 
 his father stumbled over the words and pat wondered what was going on . 
 did his dad want to give him a bonus without the others there ? 
 `` in your dreams , dad . 
 i do most of the work around the ranch anyway , you 're just about retired . '' 
 his father wattled furiously , blew up like a frog and was about to explode when mikkel roared with laughter . 
 `` and you 're no good with sensitive things . 
 you will say the wrong thing and ruin everything . 
 pat 's a good lad and does n't deserve that . 
 wait for sal , she is the one who should explain . '' 
 `` what about me ? 
 i 'm sensitive . '' 
 cried selwyn . 
 `` sensitive like a hog , '' said mikkel . 
 `` you can listen but say the wrong thing and i 'll flatten you . 
 sal will do the talking , we 're there for support . '' 
 it was going a bit fast for his father , who was feeling bemused now , not having shared his intentions towards pat with his other children . 
 who of course were one step ahead of him . 
 bemused was nothing to what pat was feeling . 
 he began to think something momentous was happening and took an incautious swig from the tankard . 
 his spluttering changed the subject . 
 selwyn hit him on the back , while his father and mikkel laughed . 
 `` you 'll get to like it in no time . 
 finish that off and i 'll get you another . '' 
 `` let 's not get him pissed straight away , '' said his father , `` we need to have our chat first . '' 
 sal arrived at this moment , dressed in a yellow frock that clung to her curves and revealing a lot more breast than any of the brothers had realised existed , despite having bathed with her half an hour earlier . 
 they all stared , and she smiled with delight , pirouetting for them . 
 `` well ? 
 how do i look ? '' 
 `` simply beautiful , my dear . 
 what can i get you to drink ? '' 
 `` some wine , please , that light white one they have here that smells of roses . '' 
 he moved off to the bar and heard selwyn hiss behind him , `` what are you doing dressed like that ? 
 we 'll get in a fight for sure , keeping the men off you . '' 
 `` do n't be an ass , selwyn , '' said mikkel . 
 `` she wants the men , that 's why she is dressed to kill . 
 shut your mouth , pat , just because you 've never seen her in anything but jeans before does n't mean she 's a boy . '' 
 `` but her boobs , '' pat gestured , `` they 're so much bigger . 
 i mean , when we 're swimming or washing , they 're not that big . '' 
 `` and you can stop looking at them right now . '' 
 sal glared at him while he looked guilty . 
 `` the wonders of clothing , and that 's all you need to know . 
 now move along and give a girl some room . '' 
 `` sal , we 're just going to go over to that cubicle and talk to pat . 
 you take the lead , will you ; you 're really good at this sort of thing . '' 
 `` sure , no problem . 
 has anything been decided ? '' 
 `` without you ? 
 no chance . 
 would n't let dad talk without you . '' 
 `` err , what 's going on ? '' 
 asked pat . 
 he was feeling more and more left out , and had no idea what to make of his sister 's clothing . 
 sal took his arm and led him over to the cubicle , the others following with dad at the rear with her wine . 
 `` pat , you are a very special person . 
 you have skills the like of which none of us has ever heard . 
 you should be a priest or a magician , the way you talk to the animals . '' 
 `` umm , i do n't talk to them , i just know their habits and what they are going to do . '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 sal waved her arm airily and fixed him with a glance . 
 `` nobody else has a clue what you do and it 's frightening . 
 not just that , you know more about treating injuries than anyone else , you can read and write and you are the best archer anyone has ever seen . 
 you seem like a centaur on a horse . 
 yet you are the only boy of your age without a girlfriend , hell , half of them are married . '' 
 `` umm , well there 's fiona ... '' `` she 's not your girlfriend . 
 it takes a lot more than talking occasionally to have a girlfriend . 
 you have n't even danced with her and i bet you 've never kissed her . '' 
 pat blushed . 
 `` do you know why ? '' 
 pat shook his head , mute and without a clue what was happening . 
 `` you are too different . 
 you are too good for fearaigh . 
 everyone knows it . 
 what girl wants to get herself pregnant by you and have you disappear ? '' 
 pat blushed again and started to protest , but sal was not finished . 
 `` oh , sure , the girls like you , like you a lot . 
 but they know damn well they ca n't keep you . 
 none of them want to get too close to you because they know they would burn in your flame . '' 
 at this , pat 's mouth dropped right open . 
 `` and that 's why you are not coming home with us , pat . 
 you are too good for us and too good for fearaigh . 
 we love you , and we want the best for you . 
 you need to fulfil your destiny , and that is n't going to happen at home . '' 
 she leaned forward and kissed his shocked brow . 
 he was speechless . 
 `` dad , how much money are we going to give him ? '' 
 she raised an eyebrow . 
 `` well , i thought we would buy him an apprenticeship . 
 i had thought of officer training , but it seems it costs a lot once you are an officer and we ca n't afford it . '' 
 `` but , but , but mum ... and fiona ... and gary ... '' stammered pat . 
 `` officer training ? 
 i could n't be an officer . '' 
 `` of course you could . 
 do n't worry about mum , she wants what is best for you , gary 's the same , '' gary was their third brother who stayed at home with a broken leg . 
 `` and fiona is getting married . '' 
 `` she is ? '' 
 this was not just pat , but mikkel and selwyn as well , while connor also seemed surprised . 
 `` of course , that fellow from yellow pond , ca n't remember his name . 
 anyway , pat , is there a craft you want ? 
 join the priesthood maybe ? 
 or become a soldier ? '' 
 pat was distracted , his mind leaping around and not quite sure what to think about anything , so he answered the questions without thinking . 
 `` priest would be good , i like the thought of learning so much , but i am too old . 
 you have to join when you are less than seven . 
 and i need the outdoors . 
 i suppose i could be a soldier , but i really would like to go to sea . 
 i felt something special when i saw the sea earlier , and i do want to go and see the ships . 
 do you think i could work on one ? '' 
 at this , selwyn leaned forward and spoke before a mistrustful mikkel could stop him . 
 `` i was talking to a fellow down the bar while i was waiting for you lot . 
 he 's a sailor , and he was telling me there is a new ship just built , biggest ship ever built , that has just finished her trials and is due to sail next week . 
 they 're desperate for crew , because lots of sailors wo n't go near her , ` cos she is a new type of ship and the captain is mad , wants to sail over the edge of the world . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 said pat . 
 `` an explorer ? 
 that would be cool ! 
 there is n't an edge of the world , selwyn . 
 do n't be dumb . '' 
 `` well , just shows - you 're the only person in fearaigh who would think that . 
 the rest of us think there is and you 'll sail over it if you get too close . '' 
 `` world 's round selwyn . 
 we just do n't know what is across the ocean . '' 
 `` why does n't the water fall off the other side then ? '' 
 asked mikkel , staring at pat . 
 pat was used to this , it always seemed others failed to notice things or listen when others spoke . 
 come to that , there were not many others who could read . 
 `` it just does n't . 
 and the people on the other side probably think the same thing as us . '' 
 his dad cut through and brought the subject back . 
 `` so , selwyn , did the sailor say what sort of people they were looking for ? '' 
 `` err , no , not that i recall . 
 shall i go and ask him ? '' 
 `` buy him a beer and bring him over . '' 
 selwyn left and sal turned to pat . 
 `` is this really what you want pat ? 
 he nodded and smiled . 
 `` i would love to go to sea . 
 it sounds so exciting , i would be an explorer . '' 
 all thoughts of home and fiona had disappeared . 
 his dad breathed a sigh of relief , tinged with disappointment , but smiled back when mikkel grinned at him , understanding and reading his thoughts . 
 selwyn came back with the sailor . 
 `` ok folks , this is mep . 
 he 's a fisherman and knows all about the ship . '' 
 `` welcome , mep . 
 i 'm connor and these are my kids , sal , mikkel , patraigh and selwyn you 've met . '' 
 mep grinned and ducked his head , winking at sal . 
 `` pleasure , folks . 
 so ` oo wan na go t ' sea then ? 
 ya is it , youngun ? 
 pat nodded and smiled back at the affable man , trying to understand his broad accent . 
 `` have you sailed on big ships ? '' 
 `` norra me ! 
 i 'm an inshore man , do n't git out o ' sight of land case i ca n't git back . 
 make my livin ' from the fishin ' . 
 jus ' sold a case ta the landlord so ya 've a good fish pie or fried fish for supper . '' 
 `` what do you know about the big ship that is going off to explore the world ? '' 
 `` the queen rose ? 
 lovely lookin ' ship she is , bloody huge too , beggin ' your pardon ma'am . 
 a carrack , they call hers . 
 they 're havin ' some trouble fillin ' up her crew , so ya 'd git a berth , no trouble . '' 
 `` what sort of job would i get ? '' 
 `` well , she 's a merchant , see . 
 so she needs all sorts . 
 sailors , but also sojers though youall is expected to fit . 
 not that she looks for it , but pirates attack merchant ships alla time , an ' ya never know when yore gon na bump inna spakka ship an ' they 'll always have a go atcha if 'n they can . 
 so they need sojers for dee-fence . 
 blademen , arrer shooters , pikemen , all sorts . 
 but they also need cooks , chippies , all sorts o ' craftsmen ` cos they 're gon na live on that ship for ages . 
 i hear they 're even takin ' animals along so they need a farm boy to shovel shit , beggin ' ya pardon , ma'am . '' 
 `` i 'm a range hand , not a farm boy ! '' 
 his dad interjected . 
 `` is there some sort of apprenticeship i can buy him to help him on his way ? 
 how much money will he need ? '' 
 mep looked at his empty tankard , which selwyn took wordlessly and headed for the bar . 
 `` nope , do n't give him money . 
 if ya want , ya give the cap'n some dosh . 
 dunno how much a share is , but it gives him rights to some o ' the profits when they git back . 
 these merchants are a team , see . 
 nobody gits any pay , they git a share o ' the profits when they git back . 
 if ya put money in it , ya git more money at the end o ' it . 
 providing it makes money , o ' course . 
 do n't need any money on board , an ' ya can ask for some if in a port , but best not . 
 you 'll want to go an ' get drunk an ' chase the skirts when ya git to port , but believe me that 's a bad idea . 
 many a sailorman never cum home again ` cos o ' that . 
 ya ca n't trust furriners , they do odd things . '' 
 he fell silent , eyes unsighted as a memory played . 
 `` what do you suggest i do ? '' 
 asked pat . 
 `` i 'm a good archer , and although i can look after animals i would rather learn to be a sailor . '' 
 `` he 's clever too , '' said his dad , `` how does he go about becoming an officer ? '' 
 `` waal , '' said mep , not knowing the answer . 
 `` becomin ' an orficer takes time . 
 ya do n't just becum ` un . 
 ya works ya way up through the ship . 
 start off as a hand , young ` un , then learn ya way about the riggin ' , that 's the sails an ' masts an ' shit , beggin ' ya pardon , ma'am . 
 ya do good , they make ya a bos ` n , but ya mest asken the cap'n if 'n ya can figure that navvigashun stuff , that tells ya where the ship is , see . 
 that 's the key to bein ' an orficer . 
 me , i ca n't do that , why this ` un stays where ' e c 'n see the land . '' 
 mep grinned broadly , and pat stared at him in amazement , seeing a new life opening up in front of himself , with a picture of shipboard life forming graphic images in his mind . 
 new opportunities were rushing into his imagination in a tidal wave . 
 `` dad , i 've got to do this . 
 sal , thank you so much . 
 all of you . 
 you are right , i have to go and this is just fantastic . 
 mep , how do i go about getting a berth ? '' 
 `` waal , laddie , ya jist rock up at that ship abaht an hour or two afta dawn . 
 they 'll be up . 
 an ' ya asken for the mate . 
 he 's a verra important man , he is , yessir . 
 he 's yer lord gawd almighty for the next year or two . 
 he 's the one who decides iffen ya git a job or not . 
 iffen he ses yeah , and he will , laddie , no trouble ` cos they are short o ' hands , then ya tells him ya want to put some dosh in tha ship , an ' he 'll take ya to the cap'n to discuss it , so he will . '' 
 mikkel leaned forward at this point . 
 `` so why are they so short of ` hands ' ? 
 why do n't people want to go ? 
 is he a bad captain ? '' 
 `` cap'n larroche ? 
 nah , ` e 's sound as a bell , ' e is . 
 lovely man , ' e is . 
 runs taut ship , no trouble aboard , makes money for alla crew . 
 iffen anyone can go hexplorin ' , ` e 's ya man . 
 but nobodies done it , see . 
 it 's a new thing , see , an ' lots o ' folk liken me , scairt we is . 
 see ? '' 
 they did . 
 in the silence mep drained his tankard and smacked his lips noisily . 
 pat jumped up . 
 `` let me get you another one . '' 
 `` s'arright laddie . 
 full tank i ` ave. an i got ta talk to me mucker there . 
 ` bout the fishin ' actual , so cummalong an ' ya might pick up summin ' . '' 
 he took pat off with him , and selwyn got up to join them , turning as he left and pat was out of earshot and spoke to sal . 
 `` fiona ? 
 getting married ? 
 to that prick from yellow pong ? 
 is she quite mad ? '' 
 `` do n't be an ass , selwyn . 
 fiona will wait for pat to come back for the next two years , if not more . 
 but do you think he would have gone if he thought that ? '' 
 `` but , but , you said all the girls were scared of him because he was so bright and different . '' 
 sal sighed . 
 and sighed again , as she realised that all the men were looking at her in confusion . 
 `` guys , the only reason that pat is without a girlfriend is because he is too shy to ask them . 
 plus they are busy fighting as only girls can to ensure than he is never alone with any of them . 
 they all want him more than anyone else because he is mysterious , different and bright . 
 they know he is going to do well for himself and want to latch onto him for the ride . 
 if he had ever gone to one of the dances , they would have fought over him . '' 
 mikkel roared with laughter and slapped his dad on the back . 
 `` see ? 
 did n't i tell you she was the one who had to talk to him ? '' 
 connor looked worried . 
 `` ah , that was all well and good while we were around and able to shepherd the wrong ` uns away , but he wo n't have anyone to do that now . 
 what 'll happen if some bitch latches onto him without us to help ? '' 
 `` too late for that now , dad . 
 you can try and extract a promise that he does n't wed till he can bring her home , but he 's not fool enough to do that . 
 some girl will teach him a lesson or two , and it wo n't be long now , i reckon . 
 but he 'll have to learn how to handle her the hard way . 
 we ca n't help him anymore . 
 it 's called growing up . '' 
 farewells pat woke and wondered where he was . 
 he seemed to be lying in a blanket that moved and it came back to him . 
 he was going to sea . 
 he was a sailor . 
 he was an explorer ! 
 they were going to find out what was out there beyond the edge of the world , the first people from harrhein to venture out of sight of land . 
 his father had brought him aboard yesterday afternoon , and they had been delighted to take him , the mate pleased with his ability as an archer . 
 he was in his hammock , something he had never seen before let alone used . 
 the harsh weave scratched his skin , and he breathed in the smells , identifying them in his mind . 
 unwashed bodies , normal and ignored . 
 the fascinating new smells of the sea and the tar that was everywhere on the ship . 
 he carefully and gingerly sat up , managed to get his legs over the side and stood up without too much trouble . 
 most of the other hammocks seemed occupied , snores and grunts coming quietly from most , but a pair of eyes were smiling at him from the next one . 
 big green eyes from under a rough black fringe , with a miraculously clear complexion transforming the strong regular features into beauty . 
 he recognised the girl , sara , who had joined up at the same time as he did . 
 she copied him and said , `` ha ! 
 i was wondering the best way to get out of this thing . 
 i think it is awhile before breakfast , any chance of a wash , do you think ? '' 
 washing had not occurred to pat , but his bladder was pressing him . 
 `` let 's have a look . '' 
 they left the wardroom without a sound and went up on deck . 
 they could hear splashing from the seaward side , walked over to some piles of clothing and looked down . 
 there was a raft tied to the side of the ship and a couple of people were washing from it while a man was peeing against the ship . 
 a rope ladder led down to it . 
 pat started towards the ladder . 
 `` what do you need a ladder for , slowcoach ? '' 
 cried sara and he turned to see that she had stripped off her clothes and was running to the side of the ship . 
 `` come on , get a move on . '' 
 she laughed at him and dived into the water . 
 pat gaped . 
 he had never seen anyone dive , let alone from that height . 
 he stripped , but jumped instead of diving . 
 the water was chill but invigorating and he shook his head vigorously as soon as he came up , feeling the rush of blood and looking around warily for sara . 
 his limited experience of girls was that ones who talked to him would also likely try to duck his head under the water . 
 she was looking at him with an evaluating eye from a few yards away , taking in his broad shoulders . 
 `` pat , is n't it ? 
 how well do you swim ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` well enough for a plainsman , i guess , '' he replied with care , becoming even more concerned about her . 
 `` i 've swum across the granthel in the mid plains . 
 it 's wide there . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 she said . 
 `` let 's get some exercise and work up an appetite for breakfast . 
 swimming is the best , exercises everything . 
 come on , we can swim out to that island near the harbour mouth and back . '' 
 and she was off . 
 pat was a little startled , he had not thought of swimming as exercise , but he had never had to think of anything as exercise . 
 life was a constant exercise . 
 however , he was willing and started after her , thinking as he did so he might need the exercise on the ship ; there had not been much heavy work yet . 
 he was barely three quarters of the way back when he saw her standing on the raft , shaking her hair dry . 
 as he climbed out , he heard one of the men say to her , `` breakfast will be in about ten minutes . 
 you 're well out of the fo ` c ` sle , bos 'n will tip the other newbies out of their hammocks . 
 get to the galley with your plate and mug early . 
 last ones will do the washing . '' 
 `` err , what 's the galley ? '' 
 asked pat , staring at the sailor . 
 `` and the fo ca sel ? '' 
 the sailor grinned amiably . 
 he was of medium height , stocky and packed with muscle , with long dark hair tied into a pigtail with a bit of string , and big gold hoops in his ears . 
 `` galley is where the cook gets the food ready . 
 up forward where the wind blows the smoke away . 
 fo ` c ` sle is where you sleep . 
 really , it 's the forecastle , ` cos the ship has a castle at each end , kind of , and the front one is called the fore . '' 
 `` why do you call them castles ? '' 
 asked sara . 
 `` when pirates have a go at us , you 'll see . 
 cap'n `` s had a lot of experience , and the high part of the ship gives you a big hand when they try to get aboard . 
 this is the only place they can get on , and they have to climb up again . 
 we can fill them with arrows from up there , and chop down at them with axes and cutlasses . 
 you 'll see some chests at each end , they 're full of arrows . '' 
 `` doubt they 'll fit my bow , '' said pat . 
 `` ah , you 're the longbowman ? '' 
 said the man , looking at him with interest . 
 `` i 'm jem , glad to have you aboard . 
 you 'll be useful , for sure . 
 have a word with the mate , show him some of your arrows and he 'll get some in before we sail . 
 anyway , i 'm off to get some grub . '' 
 sara and pat followed him up the ladder , retrieved their clothes and shrugged them on , following him towards the galley . 
 breakfast was fresh bread with cheese , the bread still steaming . 
 they took it outside and sat on the rail to eat . 
 pat wolfed his food greedily , savouring the nutty taste of the bread , a very welcome change from the food on the trail . 
 sara looked unhappy at her plate and ate slowly , as if she did n't like it . 
 `` want help to finish it ? '' 
 pat asked , looking at the half-eaten bread and not noticing her grimace of distaste . 
 `` go for it , '' she said , passing it over . 
 `` i love the nuttiness and the chewy bits where the flour was n't finely ground , '' he said as he chewed with enthusiasm , missing the look sara gave him , but her reply was lost as screams came from the fo ` c ` sle , to the amusement of the sailors eating . 
 a gaggle of the new hands came rushing out followed by a thickset , brawny woman with massive , tattooed forearms . 
 she was red in the face and shouting after them . 
 `` what sort of useless twats have i been landed with this time ? 
 lavata love me , what have i done to offend you ? '' 
 she cast her eye to the heavens and made a flowing gesture with her right hand . 
 `` its way past dawn and you lot think you can lie about wanking in your hammocks ! 
 get a bloody move on , you 'll miss out on breakfast if you hurry it . 
 ten minutes and i want you lot ready on deck for training . '' 
 one of the new crew was foolish enough to stop and ask a question . 
 `` wash ? 
 wash ! 
 you want to know where to wash ? 
 in the bloody sea , you dolt ! '' 
 she got even redder , grabbed the boy by the scruff of the neck and threw him over the side . 
 pat noticed this was right by the washing platform . 
 he leaned over to sara and whispered , `` who or what is lavata ? '' 
 `` god of the sea . 
 not heard of him ? '' 
 `` err , no . 
 did n't know there was a god of the sea , thought there was just one god . '' 
 the bos 'n kept harrying the new recruits , until she bellowed , `` i 'm two short . 
 where are the bilge rats hiding ? '' 
 `` sir ! '' 
 answered sara smartly . 
 `` we 've washed and eaten and waiting for orders , sir . '' 
 the bos 'n started over towards them . 
 `` a bloody soldier . 
 fat lot of good you 're going to be on a ship . 
 i am not a sir !!!! the cap'n is sir . 
 the officers are sir . 
 you call me bos ` n , understand ? '' 
 `` yes bos ` n. '' sara answered , poker faced and staring to the front , almost standing to attention . 
 she glared at sara for a moment , and went off to collar a bedraggled recruit coming up the rope ladder . 
 sara smiled at pat and said , `` she 's only pretending , and she 's not very good at it . 
 an army bully sergeant would have her for breakfast . 
 she 's just trying to get the new lads into sailors as fast as possible . 
 easier when they 're scared of you . '' 
 `` how come you know so much ? '' 
 pat stared at her . 
 he was not used to somebody the same age , let alone a girl , know as much if not more than he did . 
 `` oh , i 've been around . 
 done some soldiering - interesting she picked it up straight away . 
 bet she was in the army once . 
 come on , let 's get over to that net . 
 i reckon we 'll be climbing that this morning . '' 
 pat looked over , and saw what he had taken for rigging was , in fact , a net leading from the side of the ship up to the first spar . 
 `` hmmm . '' 
 he tested some of the rope . 
 `` looks a bit ratty , though . 
 older than the rest of the rigging . 
 some of those strands wo n't bear anyone 's weight . '' 
 `` umph . 
 take care , pat . 
 likely a trick here . '' 
 there was no time for anything else . 
 the bos 'n was harrying everyone over and standing them under the net . 
 `` right , lads . 
 you want to be sailors , so first thing we need to do is get you up in the rigging . 
 there it is , behind you , get up that rigging quick smart . 
 climb you wharf rat ! '' 
 this last screamed at a man who seemed to be about to ask a question . 
 as one , the recruits turned and started scrambling up the net . 
 sara raised an eyebrow at pat , and moved off to the side of the net , grabbing the support rope and used that to go up . 
 pat ran to the far side , noticing the rope frayed in places throughout the net . 
 as a good cowboy , he knew good rope , and thought sara had done the right thing so he grabbed the far support rope , which looked sound . 
 he had barely gone two yards up when there was a scream and a crash , and two bodies were lying on the deck grasping bits of rope in their hands . 
 he did not look down , concentrating on finding sound rope and moved up as fast as possible . 
 more cries , as he reached the spar a resounding crash and he looked down as he pulled himself onto the spar and grabbed the next set of rigging . 
 the entire net had broken in the middle , leaving the supporting ropes and all the recruits were in a mess on the deck except for him and sara who was grinning at him from the far side of the spar . 
 the bos 'n was screaming at the recruits with a big smile on her face . 
 pat saw the rigging was now sound rope and a ladder going up to a platform where the next spar joined the mast . 
 he was there in moments , before sara , who said , `` well done . '' 
 the next ladder going up was in reach , so he reached for it and headed up , with sara behind . 
 a female sailor went up to the bos ` n , indicated the two at the top , and said , `` me and nils will take those two now , bos ` n. natural topsailsmen , they are , we 'll have them ready by tomorrow . '' 
 the bos 'n looked up at them . 
 `` fine . 
 make sure they do n't try a quick way down till you are sure of them . 
 do n't want them falling from up there . 
 no tricks in front of them , right ? '' 
 `` sure boss . '' 
 she turned to go . 
 `` and do n't forget rowing training . 
 they are not excused that . '' 
 the woman and another young man swarmed up the ropes and joined sara and pat in the crow `` s nest , standing on the ropes rather than on the platform . 
 `` hi guys , i 'm else , this is nils , '' said the woman . 
 `` we 're topsailsmen , and you 've just joined us . '' 
 `` good show , '' said nils , `` but now we need to make sure you do n't get too confident and do anything stupid . 
 what are your names ? '' 
 `` i 'm sara , this is pat . 
 how can you stand on the rope like that ? 
 it hurts . '' 
 else laughed . 
 `` your feet will toughen up in no time . 
 i 'm glad you two were smart enough to recognise good rope from bad . 
 you know rope ? '' 
 `` not really , '' said sara , `` but i was expecting a trick . '' 
 `` uh , i do , '' said pat . 
 `` i worked on the range with cattle , used a rope a lot . 
 made my own too . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 said else . 
 `` one of the main things we do is check all the rope every day - and if you do n't know rope it 's all our lives that are at risk . 
 rope wears away , just from the wind . 
 we are always replacing it , and greasing it where it rubs . 
 you will see in some places , like there , see , we have wooden beads around the rope to help stop it wearing . 
 we replace the beads too and they usually need lots of grease . 
 come , we 'll do a check now and at the same time we will show you how to walk in the rigging . 
 sara , you come with me , pat with nils . '' 
 captain larroche stood on the poop deck , the highest deck on the ship . 
 it was at the stern , with only the officers ' cabins behind it and featured the steering wheel and a view over the entire operating deck of the ship . 
 sourly , he watched the bosun hazing the new recruits . 
 `` it 's not enough , brian , but i want to sail on the morning tide . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , captain , '' replied the first mate . 
 `` it 's been hard . 
 none of the experienced fishermen or coastal sailors will come near us . 
 they do n't trust our sailing master , him being foreign . 
 not that any of them know how to sail a ship like this . 
 sailors do n't like being out of sight of land even less . 
 we are left with the raw recruits . 
 i have been looking for people with balance , woodsmen , country people and the like . '' 
 `` how are they shaping ? '' 
 `` well enough . 
 one pretty boy , sort of , but he 's a tough bastard too . 
 reckons he 's the best archer i 've ever seen , and says it matter of fact , not boastful at all . 
 asked him to put an arrow in a barrel for me , and he laughed , said it was too close . 
 pulled out the biggest damn longbow i have ever seen , marched off a good extra hundred paces and smacked it right in the middle . 
 another archer , a girl , says she 's a mercenary , but too young . 
 high born , i think , running from a forced marriage . 
 a bunch of toughs from the streets of praesidium . 
 mixed lot , but we do need the strength . 
 some farm boys and for some reason half a dozen tavern girls . 
 they 're shaping up and will do a job . 
 fourth mate will cause trouble and he is poor at his job . '' 
 `` i know what you think of the fourth mate , but he bought a lot of shares . 
 the archers , are they good enough for our pirate plan ? '' 
 `` yup . 
 the boy for sure and there is something very tough about the girl . 
 that 's them both , up with the topsailsmen . '' 
 `` good attitude . 
 what about the toughs ? '' 
 `` we might have trouble . 
 mixed bag of pimps , thieves and enforcers . 
 let 's see how your speech goes down . 
 bosun 's got her eye on them . 
 my biggest worry is that fourth mate . '' 
 `` bit of a playboy , no harm in that i suppose . 
 swears he 's a sailor , and he has an idea of navigation but his rutter is damn nigh empty . 
 he bought a big share in the trip , though . 
 you worried he will bother the female crew ? '' 
 `` the way he talks ? 
 too right . 
 i told him if he bothered the girls i would put him in with the bosun for the night . '' 
 the captain laughed . 
 `` has he seen her yet ? '' 
 `` yup . 
 he laughed till i introduced them . 
 she 'd been listening and played along well , pinched his arse and promised to carry him off . 
 frightened the life out of him . 
 but he did say that although he did like the ladies , he had a foolproof plan to make sure he did n't upset any of the crew . '' 
 `` did he say what it was ? '' 
 `` no , just smiled . '' 
 `` hmmph . 
 please god he does n't fancy the animals . 
 i 'd beach him , but we have n't enough investors . 
 bit short on trade goods despite the crown 's backing . '' 
 `` you always say that sir . 
 it will be enough - where we are going they will fill the ship , and we 'll have more than enough for the second trip . 
 if we can find our way back . '' 
 `` oh , we will - this priest knows his stuff . 
 just hope there is still a crown when we get back , not sure that they are aware of the unrest being stirred up by this new parliament . '' 
 `` no business of ours . 
 we 'll still trade , no matter who runs the country . '' 
 `` taxes will go up whoever wins . '' 
 the captain ended gloomily . 
 `` there 's the priest arriving now , with his assistant . 
 get him settled and let 's have a look at his charts . 
 ask the sailing master to attend us as well . 
 just the soldiers we are waiting for now . 
 they were supposed to be here yesterday , present from the crown to save us from pirates . '' 
 there was a knock on the cabin door and brian put his head round it . 
 `` crew assembled and ready for you captain . '' 
 `` excellent brian . 
 i will be right there . '' 
 captain larroche picked up his hat and walked to the door , placing it on his head as he strode out , automatically ducking under the lintel . 
 he strode to the railing overlooking the main deck where the entire crew assembled , not in any particular order ; they were not a military organisation . 
 he stood for a moment and cast his eye over them . 
 they looked good , he noted , keen and anticipating his words , no signs of unease or fear . 
 his topsailsmen were in the rigging he noted , just the two new recruits with the old hands . 
 he winced . 
 they would need more . 
 his old crew were noticeable as being older , and most of them married to each other with a few kids sitting cross-legged at their feet . 
 the cook 's assistant was nursing her latest babe , he noticed . 
 `` i have called you together to have a few words with you as a crew . 
 you newcomers need to understand how we operate - we are a family , a large extended family and we know each other intimately . 
 we will all profit from this venture , with a division of shares according to our status , but the majority of the money is contained in this ship and its trading goods . 
 it allows us all to live well , as a family . 
 you are now part of this family , though on probation . 
 `` we expect this trip to take about three months . 
 maybe less , probably more . 
 we could be gone for over a year . 
 during that time , you will get to know us , and we will get to know you . 
 you have been selected to join us not just on your abilities , but on how well we think you will fit in . 
 at the end of the voyage , we trust we shall welcome you all as full family members . 
 `` we do n't have punishments like the army or the king 's warships . 
 oh , there are extra duties and the bosun and her mates will shout at you , but there is no imprisonment or beatings . 
 there is no profit in it . 
 there is only one punishment we enforce . '' 
 he paused , and ran his eye over the assembly , who were listening with rapt attention , though he noted the more senior members were looking at the new people , and he picked out those who had the most attention on them . 
 `` we do not tolerate theft , violence or harm to be done to another family member . 
 and when i say violence , i mean spoken violence as well as physical violence , for words can hurt and cut as deeply as any sword . 
 if any of you are found guilty of these offences , you will be beached at the first opportunity . 
 think on that , because we are going where no harrheinian has been before , to new lands where you have no idea what life will be like . '' 
 he let his eyes sweep over the crowd again , and saw to his satisfaction there were no worried faces . 
 `` you should know this , but i wish to emphasize it again now , because tomorrow we sail , with the tide , and this is your last opportunity to leave us . 
 we bear you no ill will if you can not abide by our rules , but if you think our laws onerous , do leave us . '' 
 nobody stirred . 
 a voice lifted up , cutting through the silence . 
 `` i think i speak for most of us , captain , when i say i think your laws are good laws and i for one am happy to abide by them . '' 
 it was sara , her voice strong from the rigging , and there was a general nodding of heads from the new recruits and smiles from the older sailors . 
 `` yeah , cap'n , proud to be here . '' 
 `` i 'll stick with you as long as i can captain . '' 
 `` for life you 've got me . '' 
 a few more voices rose in assent , and slowly died out . 
 captain larroche smiled at them . 
 `` well , thank you and i am pleased to hear it . 
 now remember , being a sailor can be a dangerous thing , i want no stupid heroics putting yourselves and others in danger . 
 if you fall overboard , it is almost impossible to find you and save you , so do n't ! 
 we keep a barrel with a flag on it and a few ropes attached at the back of the boat . 
 when we are sailing , if somebody falls overboard , the barrel goes over the side for them to grab and hang onto and we will try and turn the ship and find you . 
 get to the barrel if you can , but beware of big fish we call sharks that follow the boat and eat the rubbish we put over the side . 
 they will think you are rubbish too . 
 topsailsmen , you take especial care . 
 if you fall from high up , we wo n't bother looking for you because the water is hard and the fall will kill you . 
 `` now , for a more pleasant thought - where are we going ? 
 i am pleased to confirm what i suspect you know - we are going to the fabled spice lands , to hind and beyond , and this ship allows us to pass out of sight of spakka pirates and we can bring back the strange and exotic drinks and spices of that fantastic land . 
 we will find out what is true about it and what is n't . 
 `` some of you have met our new sailing master . 
 his name is taufik , and he comes from hind . 
 shipwrecked here last year by the spakka , the only survivor of his ship . 
 sailing ships like the queen rose have been used there for many years and he has taught us how to build and sail her . 
 he speaks the languages and will ensure this trip is a success . 
 he knows the dangerous , warlike people , whom we shall avoid , and those keen on trade and friendship . 
 `` bishop walters is coming with us . 
 he is a cartographer of great renown , as well as a priest , and has compiled a chart over the years , not just of the lands but also the currents and winds we shall face . 
 from this chart , we know we can sail southeast for a thousand leagues and we shall come to a chain of islands , fire islands that smoke , which stretch for two thousand leagues . 
 so we can not miss the islands . '' 
 the crew realised this was a joke , and laughed quietly , though some were now looking nervous , he realised . 
 `` the islands are inhabited , the larger ones , but by strange people with brown skin and black hair who wear no clothes . 
 they are reputed to be cannibals and warlike , but friendly when they see a show of force . 
 we shall see . 
 the islands make a route we can follow up to hind where we shall trade . 
 `` in the morning , we shall catch the falling tide to take us out to sea , where god 's breath will take us away down to the tropical islands . 
 we shall be the first men to make this trip and we shall give these islanders a surprise . '' 
 there was a resounding cheer from his old crew , to which most of the new crew joined in , a few rather slowly . 
 the sound of pipes broke out and a bosun 's mate stepped forward , playing them . 
 another bosun 's mate stood beside him and his voice lifted in song as the sound died away to hear his voice . 
 the pipes blared and the old crew crashed in , showing their pride with the chorus , while the new recruits started to beat time with their feet , trying to pick up the words . 
 captain larroche nodded at the bosun who made a throat cutting gesture at the piper , who ended his song in a squeal of pipes and bowed theatrically at the crew , who shouted and cheered . 
 pat felt thrilled and he could feel the energy bouncing off sara who had a huge grin on her face . 
 the whole crew was lit up . 
 he heard sara whisper to else . 
 `` there must be more verses - is that the ship 's song ? '' 
 `` sure is . 
 some of them get very rude too . 
 you 'll love it , and make sure you learn it . 
 we expect all the newbies to be able to sing in within a week . '' 
 captain larroche raised his hand and spoke into the almost silence . 
 `` so we sail on the morning tide . 
 curfew tonight is 2 am and i want you all shipshape and rarin ' to go at eight bells . 
 you new crew will have one last afternoon 's training , then you have the evening to yourselves and may go ashore . 
 do n't even think about an advance on your pay . 
 dismissed ! '' 
 there was a ragged cheer from the crew , but the captain did not stay to listen and was gone . 
 the ship buzzed as everyone started talking at once , until the bosun 's harsh cry echoed over their heads . 
 `` right you landlubbers . 
 this afternoon you will be sorry you came aboard and i do n't expect any of you to come back from curfew . 
 you have half an hour to get some grub down you , then back here on deck at the sound of two bells . '' 
 she glared at sara and pat . 
 `` and do n't think you two lah-di-dahs are excused just because you can climb a fucking rope . '' 
 pat and sara went to the fo ` c ` sle and found a small teenager standing in the space beside their hammocks holding his own in his hands and trying to work it out . 
 `` hi , '' said sara , `` you new ? 
 i 'm sara , this is pat . 
 we 're your shipmates . '' 
 `` uh , hello , i 'm perryn . 
 how do you get these things up ? '' 
 `` simple , '' said sara . 
 `` you tie one end in that ring and the other in that one . '' 
 pat grabbed one end , tied it up , took the other from perryn , undid the granny knot and tied a sheepshank . 
 `` he does n't say much , '' grinned sara as pat blushed , `` but he 's useful . 
 that 's a better knot ; best watch how he ties it as you will need to learn knots . '' 
 pat obligingly undid the knot and re-tied it , slowly . 
 `` thanks , '' said perryn . 
 `` umm , what is it for ? '' 
 `` that 's your bed , '' said sara cheerfully . 
 `` that chest there is yours , you stow your gear in it . 
 hmmn . 
 robes ? 
 not much use on a ship . 
 have n't you got any trousers and shirts ? '' 
 `` errr , no - i 'm not actually crew , i 'm a novice but i asked to bunk with you guys . '' 
 pat looked at him with interest , sara more critically . 
 `` been sent out on your quest ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` what 's your skill ? '' 
 perryn looked at her in some surprise . 
 not many people knew much about the magical aspect of the priesthood . 
 `` yes , it 's my quest , i suppose . 
 i am helping bishop walters , but he has no magic . 
 not much vocation for the priesthood either . 
 he 's a cartographer . 
 i have n't found my own skill yet . '' 
 `` have you got books ? '' 
 pat spoke for the first time , a bit eagerly . 
 sara and perryn looked at him in surprise . 
 `` since when could a farm boy read ? '' 
 asked sara scornfully . 
 `` this one can . 
 it 's important to learn things . '' 
 perryn looked at him with some respect . 
 `` yes , i have a few . 
 you are welcome to read them . '' 
 he indicated a sack . 
 sara reached in first and pulled out a thick grimoire . 
 `` haileybury 's analysis of fire . 
 you 're quite advanced . '' 
 perryn stared at her . 
 `` you can read too ? 
 and you 've heard of haileybury ? '' 
 `` yup , read it too , but i ca n't do magic . 
 useful to know what you guys can do , though . '' 
 pat had pulled out another book . 
 `` this one is n't magic . 
 i know the priest who wrote it . '' 
 `` what ? 
 you know peronnus ? '' 
 `` he stayed with us in fearaigh two years ago . '' 
 `` that would be just before he wrote this , '' perryn said slowly , looking at pat . 
 `` he did say something about a youngster showing him about blood . '' 
 `` i did take him hunting and showed him a bit , '' admitted pat . 
 he realised the others were staring at him and they expected a little more . 
 `` you know , where the blood comes from , hearts and stuff . '' 
 `` pat , '' said sara patiently . 
 she was beginning to understand him after a couple of days . 
 `` we do n't know . 
 i have n't read this book . 
 nobody knows what blood is , it 's just something that comes out when you cut skin . 
 most people would n't even think about it . 
 why do n't you just accept that and tell us what you know - not everything , just a rough outline , and how you know it . '' 
 `` oh . 
 well , i learnt a lot from the elves and from talking with hunters , and skinning animals . 
 if you cut up an animal properly , you can see how it works . 
 there are tubes are in the body , they have the blood in them , they go places and sort of disappear . 
 the heart pushes the blood along those tubes . 
 stop it beating and the blood stops flowing . 
 every hunter knows that . '' 
 perryn spoke faintly . 
 `` so you were the young hunter he spoke about . 
 he had a lot of respect for you . 
 there is a huge argument about this book . 
 the priests do n't accept it ; lots of people do n't believe it . '' 
 `` well , they 're idiots . 
 speak to the butchers , they know . 
 probably the soldiers too . '' 
 `` do you mean lots of people know about this ? '' 
 perryn asked , still faintly . 
 `` sure , it 's not exactly new stuff . 
 i was shown it when i was six , first time i helped butcher a cow . 
 way i heard , soldiers are taught where to strike and cut up bodies in their training so they know more . '' 
 `` but why are the priests not accepting it ? 
 they are very upset about this book ! '' 
 perryn was getting animated . 
 pat shrugged . 
 he was not much interested and was leafing through the book . 
 `` i expect the priests do n't like being told anything by somebody who is not a priest , '' said sara . 
 `` the church is quite hidebound . '' 
 `` true , '' said perryn , thinking of some lectures . 
 `` perryn , nevermind this , '' sara spoke seriously . 
 `` let 's concentrate on being sailors . 
 something tells me we may be the only ones that can read , never mind have this sort of knowledge and it is probably best not to mention it . '' 
 `` we 're topsailsmen , '' said pat to perryn . 
 `` want us to teach you ? '' 
 pat groaned and stared at the hated bit of smooth but heavy oak in his hands . 
 he was not sure how much more of this he could take and he had noticed sara stop smiling at least half an hour ago . 
 first time , he thought . 
 they were sitting in a rowboat , called a jolly boat for some strange nautical reason , along with six others , four to a side , each with an oar , and a satisfied , smirking boatswain 's mate at the tiller looking at them . 
 all were exhausted , all had blistered hands , some of them had blood smeared on their oars , but finally they were rowing at the same time and the mate had not bellowed at any of them for at least three minutes . 
 `` right ladies , '' he cried , `` blow me for a cocksucker but i think you landlubbers might even be turning into sailors . 
 let 's see if you can row us back to the rose , and if you make it with no cock-ups , i 'll let you haul me aboard and you can have the rest of the afternoon off . '' 
 the energy in the boat surged and all the rowers sat a little straighter . 
 `` now , '' said the swain , `` let 's see if you remember anything . 
 larboard , stop oarrrrrs - now ! '' 
 four oars went level without touching the sea . 
 the boat rapidly turned and the queen rose came into the view of the boatswain . 
 `` larboard , prepare to row - row ! '' 
 the four oars came down into the water in perfect time with the starboard . 
 the boatswain smiled beatifically . 
 the boat shot towards the mother ship , impelled at speed by eight eager oarsmen . 
 `` prepare to ship oars high - ship ! '' 
 screamed the swain . 
 all eight oars shot upright into the air . 
 `` chainsman , prepare ! '' 
 pat passed his oar to sara who held it , picked up a long pole with a spike and a hook on it and waited as the boat cruised towards the ship , slowing as it did so . 
 he deftly hooked the chain hanging down the side . 
 this acted as a pivot for the boat to come around and slap gently alongside the ship , bow pointing towards the bow . 
 pat 's muscles rippled as he took the strain under the boatswain 's watchful eye , while the others moved not a muscle . 
 `` right , stow the oars and secure the boat . '' 
 the boatswain 's voice was quieter now , as the crew stowed the oars under the seats and arms reached up to grab the ropes coming down fore and aft from the ship . 
 each rope split into two and each separate strand ended in hooks , which slipped into rungs on either side of the boat . 
 `` climb aboard , lads and well done . 
 we are the first boat back . 
 get her up and your liberty starts as soon as she is secure . '' 
 the rowers swarmed up the side of the ship using the ropes for their hands and walking up the side as they had learnt . 
 a couple of feet slipped , but regained their hold . 
 pat secured his boathook and shot up after the boatswain . 
 the rowers had laid hold of the ropes and were pulling them as he reached the deck . 
 the ropes went over a double pulley and the boat rose to the deck in seconds . 
 as soon as it reached deck height , two waiting rowers pulled another rope and swung the yard back over the ship where the boat dropped into a waiting cradle . 
 a canvas tarpaulin went over it and they tied it down . 
 `` good stuff , lads , '' cried the swain , `` off you go and see you in the morning . 
 do n't get so pissed you spend your first day at sea chucking up in the scuppers . '' 
 the rowers all cheered and turned to run towards the fo ` c ` sle . 
 big dan hemmings cried out , `` do n't get pissed , he says ! 
 we 're not going to have a drop for weeks , so i 'm going to get rat-arsed . 
 hey pat , where are you and sara going ? '' 
 the assumption irritated sara , more so when pat replied , `` the herdsman ! 
 good pub , great beer and good food , and my family will still be there . '' 
 `` good shout that , '' said a little chap with a pointed nose who everybody called rat to the extent nobody could remember his name . 
 `` i 've drunk there , great place , barmaids ' got tits like the mountains of the gods . 
 let 's all go there , good to go together , we 're a team . '' 
 `` no we 're not , we 're a crew ! '' 
 crowed pete , `` to the herdsman ! '' 
 `` err , '' said sara , who had intended to lie low on board . 
 `` do n't say it , sara , '' said pat . 
 `` we 're not leaving you behind if i have to tie you up and drag you . '' 
 `` oh , alright then . 
 just spare me the barmaids . '' 
 truthfully , she found she was looking forward to it , although she was a bit worried . 
 she had hidden her tracks , surely there would n't be a problem . 
 paul took a pull on his flagon and looked at the man opposite him . 
 `` she 's here . 
 i can feel it . 
 i am sure that was her horse she sold - the dealer paid too little for it , so she was in a hurry . '' 
 `` could have been anyone . 
 lots of reasons to get rid of a horse in a hurry , and why come here ? 
 too close and nowhere to go . 
 she will have made for the elvish court , mark my words . 
 the boys in bardton will pick up her trail , not us . '' 
 `` i do n't think so - too obvious , the princess is clever . 
 she is likely to be here , and i am damn sure she is going to be on that ship . '' 
 `` why ? 
 what 's the point ? 
 it 's a death sentence , they 'll never come back or if they do , half of them will be dead . '' 
 `` do n't you believe it . 
 do n't you know the crown is underwriting the trip ? 
 and the church ? 
 they expect it to succeed and it will . 
 just wish we could have got a few more men on board . '' 
 `` yeah , gerry is a useless little shit . 
 i guess that 's why he got on board , they turned down half my men . 
 i was sure that somebody like rafe would get a job . '' 
 `` he 's a vicious killer and a troublemaker . '' 
 `` well , they 'll need that sort if they get into trouble . '' 
 `` he 'd make sure they did get trouble , and would cause it amongst the crew . 
 mark my words , that 's why they turned down all your men , to stop in-fighting . 
 i would too . '' 
 `` hang on , there 's gerry . 
 gerry ! 
 gerry ! 
 over here . 
 glenda , another round and one for my friend . '' 
 a nervous looking man dressed like a sailor came up to the table and sat down . 
 `` uh , boss , sorry not to be back before , but this is the first liberty i 've had . 
 last one too , as we sail in the morning . '' 
 paul grunted . 
 `` what about the girl ? '' 
 `` uh , i think she is aboard . 
 there 's this girl , she 's damn good and just smarter than everyone else . 
 right size , but her hair is wrong . 
 it 's black and short . 
 otherwise it would be her . 
 moves like a fighter and looks a bit like that painting you showed me , except for the hair . '' 
 `` hair can be cut and dyed . 
 i need to see her . 
 has she got liberty as well ? '' 
 `` yeah , her group are all going to the herdsman 's inn , if we cut across to lime street , we should see them going up it in a few minutes . '' 
 `` right . 
 let 's go and see . 
 glenda , put them back in the barrel , we 'll be back shortly . '' 
 he jumped up and headed for the door , pushing past the barmaid as she came up with a tray of drinks . 
 she glared at his back , but his companion put a coin in her hand and winked at her before hurrying after him . 
 a group of about ten sailors were coming up the street , led by rat who was delivering a running commentary on the area , shops , people and anything else that passed his mind . 
 the others were grinning at him and occasionally adding a comment , with sara in the middle flanked by pat and dan . 
 perryn brought up the rear looking a little lost and unsure , standing out in his robe . 
 paul stiffened and turned away . 
 `` it 's her for sure . 
 has she seen me ? '' 
 `` nope , carrying on as before , not looking this way at all . 
 you know her ? '' 
 `` seen her at court and the training arena . 
 come on , back to the rooms . 
 not you , wilf , you go and round up rafe and his boys , take them to the herdsman 's and start drinking at the bar . 
 i 'll come in with lance and go to the back . 
 give us half an hour and start a fight . 
 lance and i will take her out with that distraction . 
 got it ? '' 
 `` yup , like we got glanton last year in the tailings . 
 simple , i like it . '' 
 wilf turned and was gone . 
 `` uh , what about me boss ? 
 if i come along , my cover will be blown , '' said gerry . 
 `` so what ? '' 
 snapped paul . 
 `` the job will be over . 
 once she 's dead you do n't need to be on board . 
 wait ! 
 if they see you with us , they may be suspicious . 
 so go and do what you want , join us at our rooms in the morning . '' 
 gerry slipped away relieved . 
 he did not like paul and thoughtfully considered his position . 
 he did not like any of his companions , and wondered how a man got into that sort of job in the first place . 
 he sighed . 
 a series of bad decisions , taking the easy way every time . 
 he realised that in his short two days on the ship he had enjoyed himself more than at any time in his life . 
 for a moment , he considered warning his crewmates , especially sara , but thought better of it . 
 he was determined to be on the ship in the morning and would never see paul again . 
 rat pushed open the doors and the crew surged into the herdsman 's , which only had a few customers as it was still afternoon . 
 they swarmed up to the bar and started looking at the bottles . 
 `` rat ! '' 
 shouted dan , `` i reckon you 're a thief , or used to be ! '' 
 he grinned at rat 's outraged look , especially at the tide of red going over his face . 
 `` so you 're going to be the bagman . 
 here 's a sov from me . 
 everyone , give rat a sov . 
 rat , you tell us when it 's gone and we 'll give you another one . '' 
 rat was still spluttering as everyone threw money at him laughing . 
 `` first time i 've seen you speechless . '' 
 cried tom , `` how come you 've still got two hands ? '' 
 `` nah , he 's too slow and stupid to be a thief , '' said linda , `` i reckon he was a wanker looking in windows . 
 eeeeek !! '' 
 she screamed , `` a wolf !!!! '' something furry blurred down the bar and leapt high at them . 
 they scattered , except for pat , who took mot right on the chest and fell back laughing to the floor in a shower of saliva as mot licked and barked for all she was worth . 
 `` so , '' drawled sara , `` is this the family you said would be drinking in here ? '' 
 causing the crew to laugh except for linda who was still having palpitations . 
 `` are n't you going to introduce us ? '' 
 pat grinned . 
 `` this is mot , '' he said , roughing the dog 's neck . 
 `` she normally is n't so over the top , but we 've been through a lot together and i reckon she knows i am going . '' 
 `` why do n't you bring her along ? '' 
 asked sara . 
 `` she could be useful on the ship . '' 
 `` doing what ? '' 
 asked dan , `` keeping the number of cats down ? '' 
 `` no need for that , '' said terri , `` you 'll see tom eating those fast enough . 
 but it would be nice to have a ship 's dog . 
 lots of ships have them , do n't they ? '' 
 `` they sure do , '' said sara , `` extra guard when you are in port . 
 helpful on shore expeditions . 
 worth it , i reckon . '' 
 `` yeah , well this is n't doing anything for my thirst . '' 
 complained dan . 
 `` bartender , gim me a beer - same for all of you ? '' 
 `` no way , '' said terri , `` we 're not all hulking brutes . 
 you got any nice wines for us girls , sweetie ? '' 
 she smiled at the bartender . 
 dan rolled his eyes . 
 the bartender smiled at her . 
 not surprisingly , terri was pretty and a bit too well endowed to do a job in the rigging . 
 `` sure , we have a nice shipment in from varn . 
 lovely white wines and we have reds from westport . '' 
 sara pushed her way forward . 
 `` let 's have a look at what you have , '' she smiled at the bartender who started putting bottles on the bar while dan grunted and squirmed , though the other boys looked on with interest . 
 `` ooh ! '' 
 squealed terri , `` this one looks pretty ! 
 shall we try this one ? '' 
 `` no , '' said sara . 
 `` it 's thin and sharp and bloody awful , as is most of this stuff . 
 where 's the chalk valley whites ? '' 
 she asked at the bartender , who looked at her with some respect and started to replace the bottles . 
 `` not often we get girls who know wine in here , '' he said with a smile . 
 `` here , this is from three years ago . 
 good year and ideal for the afternoon as a drinking wine . '' 
 `` yes , that 's perfect . '' 
 smiled sara , `` we 'll take that . '' 
 the bartender drew the cork with a faint plop and started to pour the glasses , did a double take and put a small amount in a glass and pushed it to sara . 
 she tasted it , smiled and said , `` perfect . '' 
 `` why did you do that ? '' 
 asked terri as the bartender poured the girls glasses and passed them round . 
 `` often the wine goes bad in the bottle if it has n't been stored right or moved too much by the carter , '' replied sara . 
 `` always check your wine first so you can change the bottle if it 's bad . 
 make sure you remember what each wine you drink tastes like so you can repeat it the next time . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah , '' said dan . 
 `` never mind the girlie drinks , can we get a beer now ? '' 
 `` actually , i want to try the wine , '' said pat , `` sara 's got me interested and i 've never tried wine before . '' 
 `` yeah , me too '' said rat , echoed by tom . 
 dan looked on with disgust as the boys sipped the wine . 
 `` wow , that 's really good ! '' 
 exclaimed pat , `` why have n't i found this before ? '' 
 `` because it is much too good and expensive for you , darling , '' said a new voice and a slender arm plucked the glass from his fingers . 
 `` farm boys stick to beer because you drink far too quickly and this would be wasted on you . '' 
 `` sal ! '' 
 pat cried and hugged her . 
 `` we got liberty and came to have a drink with you . 
 hey guys , this is my sister , sal . 
 where is everyone sal ? '' 
 `` oof . 
 put me down and get yourself a beer . 
 hi guys , girls . 
 great taste in wine you have , sister . 
 i 'm keeping this glass . '' 
 sara acknowledged her with a nod and a smile , while most of them chorused a greeting and dan smacked rat firmly on the side of the head to deflect his gaze upwards . 
 `` so , you are all new crewmen ? 
 how do you like it on the ship ? 
 what have you learnt ? '' 
 sal smiled at them , which caused rat to drop his beer . 
 they all started talking at once , showing off their blisters and describing their day while mot curled herself protectively over pat 's feet . 
 selwyn came in , shortly followed by mikkel and connor . 
 they formed a large group and soon went over to a long table . 
 food flowed out of the kitchen . 
 when selwyn started to sing , sal objected and threw the men off the table to go and make a noise at the other end of the bar while the girls sat and talked . 
 more people came into the bar , and soon it was full . 
 the girls were at one end of the table while another group were occupying the other half . 
 they were deep in discussion about how to wash hair in seawater without ruining it , when mikkel wandered over . 
 sal eyed him suspiciously , fearing he was drunk , but he smiled and stood behind sara and listened to the conversation . 
 there was a crash from the far end of the bar , and the girls looked over to see dan swarming off the floor in furious anger at a laughing stranger , while the others started to pull him back , looking very unhappy with the stranger . 
 sal began to stand up when mikkel whirled and his fist crashed into the face of a stranger at the table behind them with solid power . 
 the man 's eyes rolled up and he fell to the floor , out cold . 
 as he landed , his arm flung forward , dropping a dagger onto the ground . 
 mikkel swerved to avoid the stab of the man 's companion , deflected the blow and started to swing at him . 
 the man put up his arm to deflect the punch and his eyes went wide with surprise as a long arm came under mikkel 's and sara 's knife slid between his ribs . 
 mikkel dropped his hands and caught the man , lowering him gently to the floor as his eyes glazed over . 
 he nodded approval at sara and stood up , bellowing above the noise of the impending fight down the bar . 
 `` carlson ! 
 grab that man ! 
 attempted murder here , he 's the diversion ! '' 
 the laughing stranger stopped laughing , looked over at mikkel , frowned and pulled a knife from his belt long enough to be a short sword . 
 the boys around him pulled back while the bouncers , carlson and his equally huge assistant , slammed the doors shut and barred them , then advanced on rafe . 
 rafe looked at mikkel again , and dropped his eyes to see the pool of blood around paul , pivoted , put his arm over his eyes and jumped at the window . 
 and bounced back , the glass cracked but unbroken and the wooden frame still holding . 
 carlson picked up the stunned man , broke his wrist carefully to dislodge the knife and threw him against the bar . 
 carlson looked round . 
 `` did he have any friends ? '' 
 his voice was high and squeaky , and would have been funny if he was not so menacing . 
 `` he sure does , '' said dan , and grabbed a couple of toughs who looked stunned and came forward at his pull . 
 sara looked at mikkel and whispered , `` you knew this would happen ? '' 
 he grunted . 
 `` saw the way they acted . 
 heard about him before , political killer . 
 nasty bit of work . '' 
 `` mikkel does n't miss much , '' said sal , as a matter of fact . 
 `` i see , '' said sara . 
 `` i need to get back to the ship . 
 i ca n't be questioned . '' 
 `` i understand , '' said mikkel , so only sara could hear him . 
 `` i know who you are , saw you last year . 
 i 'll square it with carlson . 
 give me your knife , it 's mine now . 
 got another one ? 
 fine . 
 get the boys together and take them back to the ship . 
 go with them sal , take selwyn . 
 and sal , leave that boy alone . '' 
 sal glared at him . 
 `` i 'll see them back to the ship , no worries . 
 what are you going to do with this shit ? '' 
 she kicked the unconscious lance . 
 `` watch him . 
 i need to talk to carlson . '' 
 he turned and was off . 
 `` just what is going on ? '' 
 terri 's voice was high and frightened , linda 's eyes were huge . 
 sara glanced at her . 
 `` old feud from my mercenary days , '' she said . 
 `` why i did n't really want to come out tonight . 
 i am sorry you were involved . '' 
 `` is that man dead ? 
 i 've never seen a dead man so close . '' 
 `` where the hell are you from , sister ? '' 
 sal stared at her . 
 `` city girl ? 
 do n't let it get to you ; this scum deserved it and a lot more . 
 professional killer , right sara ? '' 
 `` yeah , i killed his employer last year and he did n't get paid . 
 there may be more in his band waiting outside . '' 
 sara improvised . 
 `` i know . '' 
 sal was all efficiency , sara was impressed , but linda and terri were looking scared , especially at this last comment . 
 sara called over the buzz of conversation in the bar . 
 `` pat ! 
 dan ! 
 can you come over ? '' 
 the boys came over reluctantly , dan giving one of the men a last kick . 
 they stared at the body on the floor , and the unconscious lance . 
 before they could say anything , carlson 's assistant arrived with a girl in tow . 
 he picked up a body under each arm and made off with them , while the girl mopped the blood off the floor and left . 
 `` what ... '' sal interrupted . 
 `` seems sara has a few enemies and they tried to take her out . 
 that fight with you was a diversion , dan , so they could kill her . 
 did n't work out . '' 
 `` kill her ? 
 you 're kidding ! '' 
 the boys stared at her for a moment . 
 `` we need to get her safely back to the ship and there may be others out there . '' 
 the boys looked at her for a moment , and dan and pat straightened at the same time . 
 `` no worries , '' said dan , `` we 'll look after her . '' 
 `` i 'll scout ahead , '' volunteered rat . 
 he looked at the others and blushed . 
 `` i was a thief . 
 why i am on ship , to change what i am . 
 but i got skills . 
 i 'll go over the roofs ahead of you and spot any ambush . 
 you can depend on me . '' 
 sara grabbed his hand and smiled at him . 
 `` thanks rat . '' 
 he blushed . 
 `` leave him alone , he 's mine . '' 
 sal grinned at her ; rat blushed even more and looked at his shoes . 
 sal turned to the girls . 
 `` are you going to be alright ? 
 can you get back to the ship without fainting on us ? '' 
 this got a reaction . 
 terri gulped , but linda glared at her . 
 `` we 're crew ! 
 in this together . 
 tomorrow we may be fighting pirates and killing them ourselves . 
 we just were n't expecting it here , and it 's terri 's hometown . 
 she 's not even been drinking in the docks and she 's young . 
 but she 's strong , are n't you love ? '' 
 terri 's eyes hardened and she nodded . 
 `` we 'll be fine , not only will we not faint on you , but we 'll fight beside you if we need to . '' 
 she pulled her knife from her belt . 
 it was a decent length and well used , but sharp . 
 mikkel came up with connor and selwyn . 
 `` ok folks , time to go . 
 i 've squared it all with carlson , he 's going to dispose of the body and sort out the others . 
 we 're all coming with you to the ship . '' 
 `` what 'll happen to them ? '' 
 asked sara , her face hard . 
 `` do n't ask . 
 carlson has connections and we 've known him for years . 
 they wo n't trouble you again . 
 now come on , the back door is open and we 're going that way . '' 
 without another word , they filed out through the kitchen into the backyard . 
 rat squirreled up the side of an ornate building and was gone from sight with barely a whisper , while pat slipped ahead , motioning with his hand ; mot crossed the street and ranged ahead . 
 the others formed a loose bunch and walked down the centre of the street , mikkel in the lead with connor and selwyn at the back , checking behind constantly . 
 sara looked at sal . 
 `` you 're like a military operation . 
 you seen a lot of trouble ? '' 
 `` yup . 
 we run one of the biggest spreads in fearaigh , and we 're always getting raiders coming down from the hills , men , elves , even the odd dwarven band , though they tend to treat with us first these days . '' 
 `` elvish raiders ? '' 
 `` renegades . 
 not part of the main clan , and they need to win their scars . 
 seems we 've developed a bit of a reputation , and they try to hit us at least once every couple of years . 
 they like our horses . 
 of course the elf queen sends a trading caravan once a year . '' 
 `` i did n't know . '' 
 sara frowned . 
 `` why should you ? 
 we look after ourselves and we 're proud of it . 
 no mercenaries down our way . '' 
 sara bit back on what she wanted to say , inwardly furious the crown did not know of these raiders into the fiercely independent grasslands . 
 she changed the subject . 
 `` is pat always the scout ? 
 is he good ? '' 
 `` never seen the like . 
 we had a renegade elf we healed after a fight , stayed with us for five years . 
 said it was because of pat . 
 when he was just a little thing he used to take him into the woods and teach him about animals and god knows what else . 
 got him shooting arrows earlier than most , probably why he is so good . 
 only person i ever saw who could creep up on every animal around . 
 he used to get into trouble when he was small , pinching cubs and the mamas would come after them . 
 funny though , he would always give them back to the mama and they never hurt him . 
 seemed like he could talk to them . '' 
 the subject of the conversation appeared in the light at the end of the street , nodded briefly at mikkel and disappeared into the shadows . 
 mikkel kept them going . 
 the moon and stars lit the docks almost as clear as daylight , but with plenty of deep shadow . 
 two sailors appeared and walked up the gangplank , while pat slid up a stack of bales . 
 he stiffened , seeing movement across the quay on another pile and relaxed as he realised it was rat . 
 the main group came up the quay and all went onto the ship . 
 he slipped down and followed them aboard ; mot appeared from nowhere and went across the gangplank without hesitation . 
 `` hang on a moment , let me check the cabin , '' he hissed , and slipped to the fo ` c ` sle . 
 mot followed him in , her hackles shot up and she raced over to a hammock , growling fiercely . 
 there was a commotion from the hammock , which twisted and a body was thrashing in it , hanging upside down with a face staring into mot 's teeth , whereupon it froze . 
 others crowded in behind pat and somebody lit a lantern , revealing a trickle of liquid coming from the hammock , and an acrid smell . 
 dan started to laugh . 
 `` mot ! '' 
 said pat , `` to me now . 
 friend . '' 
 mot stopped growling , gave the girl a quick lick and sauntered back to pat . 
 `` bet you wish you had come with us for a drink now , katie . '' 
 cried dan , as the tension dissolved . 
 mikkel raised an eyebrow to pat , who nodded . 
 `` right , '' he said , `` if you folks are all happy and safe , we 'll tuck you into your hammocks and get back to some serious drinking . 
 c'mon dad , you 've said your goodbyes , let 's get going . '' 
 `` not so fast , '' said sal , grabbing rat by the hand as he came in . 
 `` these hammocks look loads of fun ! 
 do n't you get any privacy ? '' 
 `` on a ship ! '' 
 cried sara , `` you must be kidding . 
 you could try right up the rigging though . '' 
 pat was helping katie out of her hammock and introducing her to mot , not very successfully , as mot was trying to help and katie was still terrified and not sure if she was awake or asleep . 
 dan helped , less gently and she sprawled on the floor from where linda pulled her up while terri hugged mot and spoke soothingly to katie . 
 outside there was a noise and the sound of horses coming across the quay towards the ship . 
 the gangplank creaked as the first feet stepped on it . 
 mikkel stiffened and stepped to the door , dan and pat right behind him with sara slipping in front . 
 there was a group of men coming up the gangplank , slowly and unsurely , clearly not sailors . 
 a knife appeared in mikkel 's hand , when sara gripped it . 
 `` soldiers '' she breathed into his ear . 
 they tensed . 
 pat slipped out of the door , picking up his war bow and quiver from the rack by the door and disappeared into the shadows with mot at his heels , rat half a second behind went the other way , knife glinting in the moonlight . 
 `` ah , hello ? 
 is anyone here ? '' 
 came an uncertain voice from the group at the head of the gangplank , well-spoken but with a hard tinge to it . 
 there was a noise from the poop and a door opened , shedding some light onto the deck . 
 the mate came out , swinging a lantern , revealing a group of about a dozen soldiers with a lieutenant to the fore . 
 they looked tired and well-travelled , their clothes , even in the dim lantern light , looking dirty and torn , though still showing faint insignia . 
 nothing was wrong with their reactions though , as the dim light reflected on half a dozen knives drawn at the entrance to the fo ` c ` sle . 
 in an instant all had drawn swords and were spreading out . 
 pat 's voice came sharply , hard and commanding , totally unlike anything any of the others had heard from him before . 
 `` stop ! 
 you are covered by war bows and outlined in the moonlight . 
 state your names and purpose . '' 
 to underline the command an arrow thunked into the deck at the feet of the lieutenant , who froze , as did the soldiers who all recognised the power and lethal capability behind the broadhead which had come from out of the dark and buried itself a good couple of inches into the deck , leaving a crunching hole . 
 `` lieutenant mactravis and ten soldiers of the royal pathfinders , reporting to the queen rose as per our orders . 
 we were detained by weather and some entertainment from spakka scouts . '' 
 he smiled grimly . 
 `` we rode through the night to catch up some of the time , but i regret we are a day late . '' 
 sara 's voice came from the fo ` c ` sle . 
 `` relax pat , they 're genuine . 
 i 've seen mactravis before . '' 
 the lieutenant 's right eyebrow rose slightly . 
 `` i begin to see why we have been detailed . 
 you are having trouble ? 
 fill us in and we 'll join your watch tonight . 
 we may have had little sleep for the last couple of days , but standing watch is easy . '' 
 `` just what the hell is going on ? '' 
 captain larroche came out behind his mate , who was looking confused . 
 `` and what in the seven circles of hell is a wolf doing on my ship ? '' 
 mot had come out of the shadows , and looked twice the size in the poor light . 
 suppressed giggles came from the fo ` c ` sle , but pat stepped into the light , his bow still strung and an arrow ready , but un-drawn . 
 `` sir , we were attacked in town , two enemy casualties , no shipmate injuries . 
 my family escorted us home . 
 the wolf is my sheep dog - she came too . '' 
 `` attacked ? 
 what do you mean attacked ? '' 
 `` they were after sara , sir . 
 we think it was some old mercenary grudge , as there was not just a gang but a well thought out plan to kill her . 
 that 's why we accepted extra help to come back to the ship . '' 
 pat looked at the lieutenant . 
 `` apologies for the welcome , lieutenant mactravis . 
 did think you were the mercenary gang in the dark . '' 
 `` in other circumstances that would be a deep insult , lad . 
 in these , quite understandable . 
 you 're a hand with a bow . 
 i 've not met many who can draw that length . '' 
 captain larroche stepped forward , keeping a wary eye on mot who relaxed her hackles , went up and looked at the captain , wagging her tail at him . 
 `` right , i think i understand what happened . 
 lieutenant mactravis , apologies for the manner but you are very welcome . 
 we have reserved a cabin for you , very small i am afraid , and your men have a larger one . 
 a good thing you rode so hard , as we leave on the morning tide . 
 brian , can you show the soldiers to their quarters . 
 lieutenant , if you would be so kind as to report to my cabin when you have settled in , say half an hour . 
 brian , you be there too . 
 pat , choose a colleague and take the watch till midnight . 
 i doubt we will see any activity tonight . 
 brian , i thought we had a watch ? '' 
 `` you do , captain . '' 
 a voice from above , and else slid down a rope . 
 she grinned . 
 `` best fun i 've had in ages . 
 nils ! 
 relax the ballista . '' 
 she grinned again at slight reaction amongst the soldiers . 
 a ballista could be loaded with a sheaf of bolts that could sweep away an assault party . 
 `` it 's alright , fellas , it was n't pointed at you . 
 i knew we were expecting soldiers at some time and recognised you guys - the others had n't been aboard long enough to tell me about the bad boys . 
 no stowaway attempts either , cap'n . '' 
 brian stepped forward . 
 `` soldiers ... - ah pathfinders , if you will follow me i will show you your quarters . 
 we 'll settle them first , mactravis . '' 
 he nodded at the lieutenant who dipped his chin , then turned to the soldiers . 
 `` corporal strachan , take a detail of three men . 
 pass your kit to others and take the horses to the local barracks . 
 get a chitty from the quartermaster , wake somebody up if you have to , but get back here within two hours and get the watch to see you to quarters . '' 
 corporal strachan sort of saluted , it was a brief gesture at his hat , touched three soldiers , handed his kit bag to another and went down the ramp , sword still out . 
 the soldiers did the same , all without a word . 
 it was impressive , and noticeable that now they were aware of trouble in the vicinity , the gangplank no longer creaked . 
 there was not a sound on the dock either . 
 the other soldiers followed brian aft , eyeing connor , mikkel , selwyn and sal who now came forward towards the gangplank . 
 `` who the hell are you ? '' 
 snapped captain larroche , `` oh , do n't tell me , pat 's family ? 
 you 've got the same far-seeing look . '' 
 `` indeed , sir , i am connor and these are my other kids . 
 thank you for giving pat this opportunity . '' 
 `` huh ? 
 ah , i think i should be thanking you . 
 quite a lad you have raised there . 
 want to get rid of anymore of them ? '' 
 he eyed the others speculatively . 
 `` regretfully i rather need them to run the ranch . 
 in truth , we need pat , but he needs to spread his wings . 
 now we must go . 
 we have said our farewells earlier , so let us go . 
 mot , follow ! '' 
 he turned and started for the gangplank . 
 mot sat down at pat 's feet . 
 connor reached the bottom of the gangplank , turned and realised only selwyn and mikkel were behind him . 
 they looked up to the ship and saw sal kissing rat , one hand firmly on his bottom and pat trying to push mot to the gangplank . 
 he touched mikkel . 
 `` get the dog . 
 sal ! 
 come , we are going . '' 
 sal released the permanently scarred and gasping rat , gave a little grin , a wave to sara , ruffled pat 's hair and sauntered down the gangplank with a whistle to mot who ignored her . 
 mikkel went over to mot , who bared her teeth at him and growled so menacingly he retreated . 
 mikkel and pat stood over the dog , uncertainly , while mot retreated away from the gangplank , still growling . 
 captain larroche watched with interest . 
 `` if that is a sheepdog , you must have bloody big sheep . 
 devoted to you , is she , pat ? '' 
 `` uh , we 've spent a lot of time together , sir . 
 i am sorry , will get her sorted in a minute . 
 she 's actually very well trained . '' 
 sara slipped up to the captain . 
 `` they 're a team , sir , and a damn good one . 
 shame to break it up . 
 could be very useful . '' 
 the captain glanced at her . 
 `` does she eat fish ? '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 pat was confused . 
 `` sure , she eats most things . '' 
 `` can you train her where to shit ? '' 
 `` uh , sure , that 's no problem . '' 
 `` i bet . 
 if i find dogshit on my deck , i 'll have you keelhauled . 
 you are now officially in charge of the ship 's dog . '' 
 he turned and stomped to his cabin . 
 mikkel grinned , and went down the gangplank to connor , who did not look too pleased . 
 mot clearly understood and came back to pat wagging , and sat at his feet . 
 the connorsons went off , with connor grumbling half-heartedly about his dog . 
 `` i 'm pleased she has gone with pat , '' said mikkel . 
 `` help him to remember us and home , stop him being lonely . '' 
 `` lonely ! '' 
 laughed sal . 
 `` with those girls on board that wo n't last . 
 that sara girl , the mercenary , seems to have him well in tow . 
 good for him , i reckon . '' 
 `` thought you did n't approve of the girls for him , sal ? '' 
 asked connor . 
 `` this one 's different . 
 got that look in her eyes and she 's as capable as him . '' 
 mikkel smiled . 
 `` more than that . 
 pat 's going to have an interesting time . 
 that 's the missing princess we 've been hearing about , the one that won the fencing championship . 
 looks like she has picked on pat as a guard . '' 
 `` really ? 
 how do you know ? '' 
 `` saw her last year when i went to praesidium . 
 she 's cut her hair and dyed it , but the same girl for sure . '' 
 -- ooooo -- a message from the author i hope you have enjoyed these three chapters . 
 please go to publishizer.com/in-search-of-spice/ to find out more about the book , when it will be published and available . 
 you can pre-order the book , and i must tell you that it is possible that some of the names of the characters change by the time the book is in print . 
 this will happen when you decide you would like your name in the book ! 
 pre-ordering is an excellent tool . 
 if we can show the market that there is sufficient interest in the book , it will take on a life of its own as we spread the word . 
 this will allow me to spend more effective time researching -- i really need to go to south india and discuss military matters with indian historians . 
 i need to understand indian knight equivalents , their moral code , and the reasons behind the multitude of wars that swept across the sub-continent at a similar time in our world . 
 i do like veracity , even in fantasy . 
 this extra time will result in better books . 
 when i describe a city being sacked , i want to have visited the ruins of the city on which the battle is based . 
 and , oh my , there will be a lot of battles in the next book ! 
 so sorry , nobody has died yet . 
 did you want them to ? 
 not to worry , one of these characters that you have already met dies soon , there is a great battle shortly and something horrible happens while they are at sea . 
 there are peoples to meet , strange cultures and strange lands waiting over the horizon . 
 there is excitement , love , betrayal , triumph and tragedy all to come . 
 enjoy . 
 rex sumner ps go to www.publishizer.com/in-search-of-spice to order your copy and take advantage of some of the unusual special offers -- like your own journey in search of spice . 
